Happy New Year everyone ! Make 2010 a year of self-enrichment and RESPECT ... worst case , FUCK EVERYONE AND DANCE TO YOUR OWN BEAT !!! 

I would trade this pain for anything . His absence destroyed the very frame of my being ... I imagined that I would have gotten past such moments . I ... I miss my Father . I miss his brillo like beard , his deep voice , the way he would smile and kiss me on my forehead . Him humming to some oldie . I dont wanna cry , but I cant stop . I LOVE MY DADDY 
I will so Fuck < PROPFEMALE > Latifah . I just wish she would return my phone calls instead of the police . 
“Music takes us out of the actual and whispers to us dim secrets that startle our wonder as to who we are , and for what , whence , and whereto . ” 
Socom ... 
Playing Socom . I just saw Gears of war ... I am gonna get an Xbox . 
I WANT SOME COOKIES !!! 
I am gonna be so wasted tonight and I still have to work tonight .... BUT I don't give a fuck ... purple hazin 
“Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are a good person is a little like expecting a bull not to attack you because you are a vegetarian” 
I am so creative inebriated . 
Ya fantasies come alive , ya heart rate shall increase when we meet up in this dark place ... You might think you're happy with him but that's a lie , so give this wxlf a try 
let's get into some touchin , erotic fuckin . My up and down with no interruptions ; have no intentions of bustin until you learn ya lesson 
Was feeling a low ebb from foolish nostalgia ; i decided to free myself and spend time with those whose bound is far deeper and pure than the blood in our viens ... I never had a greater time ^.^ thanks for the good times . 
The heart is weak . It grows cold to bitter winds and fractures or it can slowly be torn asunder by notions called \love\ " and \ " hope . \"" 
I am as kind as an 8lb sledgehammer ... 
I see all the angry faces , afraid that could be you and me . Talkin about what might have been ... I'm thinkin about what it used to be 
..... nyte 
Well woman it's a long time mi see yuh and a lust . Mi well waan fi show yuh how mi wicked and tuff ; Hand behind your back mi lock it to mi hand cuff , Wuk yuh ago get a strictly A one plus 
Fly me to the money and let me play among the stars . Let me see what spring is like on Jupiter and Mars ..... 
FUCKING SFIV .... next on the list is BLAZBLUE ! 
I'm feeling like a prisoner , like a stranger in a no-name town . 
They tell me that I'm a charmer , more freakier than < PROPFEMALE > 
OPEN UP YOUR HEART AND LET THAT HATE OUT !!!! 
My pleasure will be your suffering . Enjoy the sunlight till the lost pages of history make noir your skies . 
one-on-one these niggas can't guard me properly , when they double team the odds are sloppy . 
“I don't believe in fate or < PROPFEMALE > . I believe in various degrees of hatred , paranoia , and abandonment . However much of that gets heaped upon you doesn't matter - it's only a matter of how much you can take and what it does to you . ” 
It longs for its freedom . It howls , clawing at the cages of my soul at ever devastating evil I dream . Locked behind so many doors , I hear it calling to my true self and I find myself sometimes calling it back The devil’s voice is sweet to hear . 
Could this be my last life , maybe my past life ? If the future’s when I sleep , what was last night ? 
I feel better ... different with the chains off . 
Tenrosei's guiding light , shines upon me once more . In the noir and moonlight ... I find peace . 
I am a philosopher romantic with a void that drifts the abstract ... I am now the experience , not the concept . 
I betcha never screamed a niggas whole name out , and felt tha pleasure and tha pain ; about to fuck tha very taste out your mouth ! 
< PROPFEMALE > could not stop me ; I move and she just watches me 
“I'm not denying the women are foolish : God almighty made ' em to match the men” 
Romance aint never gave cash to me and love aint got love when I ask for free . One night stand is what it has to be , your body on lock ? let me grab the key . I don’t know her name but I call her “E” cuz it seems she always after “D” , bet you feel it in your stomache like colostomy . I am not down for the < PROPMALE > , so you need to get on my < PROPFEMALE > ; telling me about your poker face- Look I just wanna poke ya face . 
Levi : Shiranu ga hotoke .... naze ? Tenr ? sei : Neko ni koban . Levi : Watashi ha sanshou shitekudasai ... Tenr ? sei : Saru mo ki < PROPFEMALE > ochiru 
“You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see , but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel . ” 
Tenr ? sei : Seiten no heki-reki . Levi : Nothing surprises me in this life ... you know this . Tenr ? sei : Shimen soka ! Levi : ta-gen ha mi wo gaisu my mouth . Tenr ? sei : Fukusui bon ni kaerazu . Levi : .... 
learned the valued lesson of not keeping passwords remembered 
in the ghost watching Madagascar 2 , Dancing ^.^ 
A man that can't hold to his beliefs is never more than pathetic , dead or alive . 
I'm half baked like that guy on the couch . 
I want cereal !!! 
Chillin with Tookie , watching Super High Me . 
I am touching sheets ... Good night FB 
Stimulation , as the < PROPMALE > bless my physical creation , slip into a hallucination . Situations , got me thinking about my life seriously , keep it real continuously . 
saturday night , monday morning ... Got in , watching Get Smart and eating a hero ^.^ 
Correction ... I am Watching Naruto . If only I could use ninjitsu ^_^ 
Tonight is that night . I am far from in the spirit . Next guy tells me to shake it like a tamborine is getting a size 18 sidewayz 
No good deed goes unpunished ... smh , this is why I am the way I am . 
I'm walking down the line , that divides me somewhere in my mind . On the border line of the edge and where I walk alone . 
Time to go train with the Master at CF ... Wxlf a Muay Thai living Legend 
When the camera's off , then your gangsta's off . I hear you boys with that gangsta talk , but that talk is in your head and is nothing more than gangsta THOUGHTS . 
I paused admist the smoke and found the vision mesmerizing 
Sometimes a man can meet his < PROPFEMALE > on the road he took to avoid it . 
The sun is shining , there's plenty of light . A new day is dawning , < PROPFEMALE > and bright ; but after I've been crying all night . The Sun is cold and the new day seems old ... 
Tragedy is often the stage of the most profound orchestration 
“Forgiveness is the fragrance that the < PROPFEMALE > sheds on the heel that has crushed it . ” 
O ... that’s gonna be the sound , girl when it’s goin’ down ; Your body sayin’ O ... Don’t have to say my name , girl I’m just glad you came ; So you can say O ... In the morning O ... In the night . You sayin’ O ... Means I was hitting it right O ... You can’t be mad at me , I’m just aiming to please ... Let me hear you scream O ... 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . Grab a plate and get it in !!! 
Did someone find a way to hurt me ?... I ponder this as tears flow behind a mask . 
I can see the signs cuz I'm not blind . 
Anata ga suki de aitakute .. Kisu ga hyakuoku no < PROPFEMALE > wo tsutau no 
Beware the black man that speaks Japanese ... 
Mortality is pitiful ... waking up to blood mask , Acute hypertension , blurred vision . your body not giving its < PROPMALE > output ... 
Mou nandomo akiramete wa oshikorosu tabiIkiba no nai kanjou ga me o samashitekuKegare no nai sono hohoemi zankoku na hodoTooi sonzai da to wakaru yo 
NIGGAS TALK BEHIND MY BACK BUT THESE PUSSYS DONT REALLY WANT IT WITH ME . So YOU SHOULD CALM YA MAN DOWN IF YOU GOT LOVE FOR HIM 
Still feel him in the Driver's seat , can't see him and I , wish that he could chatter with me . In due time , until then .... Thought I'd be there , to see him , like more than a few times . My Memories burn the fibers of my heart ... I love you dearly Father 
? < PROPFEMALE > Speaks- I shed tears cause Im told that they heal , to tell the truth I dont know how to feel , ever felt alone in room full of friends ? got big plans but leave em in suspense ? pray for me ... < PROPFEMALE > wait for me 
< PROPMALE > Speaks- Pain , since I've lost you , I'm lost too ! Nigga feelin ' like he at the bottom like a horse shoe . Sorry for the trouble that I put you and your heart through ; God knows that I'd do anything for a part two , I know I fucked up , I admit I fucked up but everybody fuck up , now this other nigga lucked up 
< PROPMALE > Speaks-You forgot about the house , you forgot about the ring I remember everything , I remember the love , right after the fights You can't tell me you don't remember those nights . and if I would cry , then you would cry twice . To me you are the brightest < PROPFEMALE > under sunlight . See take away my title , take away my stripes You give me back my girl and you give me back my life . 
< PROPMALE > Speaks-See this is just a nightmare , so I blink twice Open up my eyes hopin ' she'd be in my sight ... any replies ? < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I will not yeild ... Mortality will not stop me for now 
These is the worst days , sometimes it hurts to pray ; even God turned his back on this lone youth -I know that ain't the truth , sometimes I look for proof . 
Better than < PROPFIRST > , yea , better than < PROPFIRST > ; matter of fact , I'm Kobe < PROPMALE > when it comes to performing . 
I'm so cool , I'm so smooth , I'm that dude , I'm so MUAH !! Groupies trillin me like a spy , the ground be tellin me that I'm fly ; The clouds see me and they cry , just to get a glimpse of I- Got Mother Nature so jealous she knockin pigeons out the sky . 
I am gonna take a walk and get my mind straight . 
House is in the land of the Teletubbies 
“Love is of all passions the strongest , for it attacks simultaneously the head , the heart and the senses . ”- Lao Tzu 
Why do others feel they can force their hand for or against me ... “Nature does not hurry , yet everything is accomplished . ” - Lao Tzu 
Hey everyone ! How are ya'll enjoying your Friday ? 
So Tank Hearde , I am going to Petco to pick up a nice leash for Shaii Serenity ... I mean \Miz Boxers\ " my new < PROPFEMALE > Kat . Do you want anything while I am out ? " 
As of 2009 , hundreds of domesticated animals have been abandoned with out shelter , food , water . I and many others have join in relief efforts alongside the ASPCA . I had the honor of adopting this Bronx alley cat named \Miz Boxers\ " ( Shaii Serenity ) . You too can make a difference in a lonely pet's life .... operators are standing by . " 
I don't twitter I facebook ... I'm a grown ass man !!! 
This cliq phone is on some other shit 
Bow down to the Mecca , the minute the kid is spotted . They like \Asalam ' Alaykum \"; the chick I'm with is a Goddess " 
why are you people up so early ? 
Hear yall talkin bout ya hustles ; aint no profit there . Hear ya talkin bout ya deals , but that aint profit square . Yall get lil royalties- I get profit share . 
I hate waking up ... How are you people doing today ? 
We all know the consequences when you play to win ... 
Trying to lay back and smoke while getting that < PROPFEMALE > . 
I LOST MY MUTHA FUCCIN PHONE !!! 
\ ... I'm searching for myself in the rusted mirror . I want to grab with my own hands now because I believe that you are waiting for me wherever I may be . \"" 
Don't make fun of it ! Don't destroy it ! Don't cheapen it ! Who do I want to hold ? I should know . Only love ! Only dreams ! Only you ! I can't protect even those unless I get moving . 
Will the time come ? When you will know the pain in my heart ? There is but one eclipsed < PROPFEMALE > in the corner of my heart ... may it shine enough to light up whatever narrow path you take 
“I think God leaves me alone to let me find my own strength because no one else can give it to me . Sometimes it is very lonely . But I know the lonely times teach me the most . I must let go in order to let anything in . No one can love me , for me . \- < PROPMALE > L . Andrews 1986-2010 " 
TO EVERYONE WHO IS ON MY < PROPFEMALE > AND RECIEVED A X_RATED VIDEO FROM ME . IT IS FROM THE GUY WHO STOLE MY PHONE AFTER I FUCKED HIM AND HIS GIRL UP . IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH ANYONE ON OR IN MY CIRCLE . I APOLOGIZE FOR THIS PITIFUL ATTEMPT AT SLASHING MY NAME . 
wa < PROPFEMALE > shi wa oo < PROPFEMALE > mi no iryoo hin no hitsuji ga < PROPFEMALE > zat te hifu ni wa , akuma desu . wa < PROPFEMALE > shi no sonzai o ichi nin ni < PROPFEMALE > re te i masu . toki ni , arashi no toochaku shi < PROPFEMALE > wa < PROPFEMALE > shi to issho ni wa < PROPFEMALE > shi wa damasa re te iru mujihi na me de mi rareru no daro u < PROPFEMALE > ? 
How short would your life have to be before you would start living differently today ? 
I fucked up ... 
The streets are empty . The sky is grey , showering soft tears . my chest feels so heavy ... I feel so alone . trouble has found its way into my paradise . 
“Any seeming deception in a statement is costly , not only in the expense of the advertising but in the detrimental effect produced upon the customer , who believes she has been misled . ” Thus the scales are shifting by tainted reasoning which effects my persona . Dont further break the chains of Vulcan 
This feeling is the one thing my heart is sure of ... No matter where I roam , I KNOW my place is home . 
Twisted black from blood mixed with henny , red eyes glare through volumes of smoke from the chiba ! 
Angels are in the outfield along side the Saints . The Colts are choking . Manning is on the field trying not to cry . 
“To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved . ” 
“Without trust , words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong . With trust , words become life itself . ” 
To be unmoved by the storms of life is a blessing . This is why I follow the Heavenly Wolf < PROPFEMALE > . 
Damn , today seems different ... I feel undefeatable ! 
making pudding ^.^ 
I have not felt this way for the longest time ... ooku no ten de hiya . 
I am wide awake but it still feels like I'm dreaming . 
I want to be left alone for awhile ... 
Silently the wxlf howls as tears escape him ... 
“Unless your heart , your soul , and your whole being are behind every decision you make , the words from your mouth will be empty , and each action will be meaningless . Truth and confidence are the roots of happiness . ” 
“Your time is limited , so don't waste it living someone else's life . Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking . Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice . And most important , have the courage to follow your heart and intuition . They somehow already know what you truly want to become . Everything else is secondary . ” 
you gotta wake up everyday thinking about how you gonna get to the money .... I know about you , but that is what I do ! 
Y'all look at me and say boy you've been blessed ; But y'all don't see the inside of my unhappiness . Man I swear this shit gets heavy like a ton ... 
I dont wear fitteds ... I am just too pretty 
It seems that with his passing my heart died ... I am trying to remember but it hurts to reminisce ; How did it come to this ? 
Never again would I close my eyes and walk through the dark backwards blind 
\It's not a question but a lesson learned in time . \"" 
“You never find yourself until you face the truth” 
Never hold anything in , your supposed to check niggas ! yea , my swag is whatever , whenever , what the fuck you gonna do . D . Wxlf is home . 
So they made a BarracK Obama < PROPFEMALE > pet ... smh 
I know people don't understand me . I had some problems with homies then had some problems with family . However I will never fold , no matter what card they hand me 
After revenge is the victory right ? July 24 is my victory night 
I wake up feeling Marvelous . Not everything is right , but I will fix what I can . Goona hit the gym , do some work , hangout I am gonna handle this like a Brooklyn dude should 
Is it wrong if I tell people they have to be attractive to attended my party ? Yes their are sex plus size ladies ... this one is just HORROR 
I got so much love for the family . Who else would beat ya ass if you step out of line ? 
You on the top they gonna hate ya , you on the bottom they goin break ya . Thats why I'm always bout my paper and it ain't no surprise that my money's on the rise 
Fuck working for someone . I run on my own clock ! 
So , you fake to be my friend but you turning around and telling her about how fucked up in the game I am ... you a fradulent bitch , I thought you were keepin it 100 but I was fool think you was real talk ... EJECT yaself out my space . the sad shit is you know I am talking about you ... and you wont say shit ! 
You need to go and find GOD like Mase too , but just stay their and try and BE YOU ! 
I have a confession ... I love strawberry ice cream 
What if the pain went away ? What if you changed in a day ? What if you can eliminate all the games people play ? 
baby , get some alphabet soup ... your gonna eat your words ... 
Why is it that money motivates me but the love keeps me grounded ? 
I got so much love for ya shawty , but you a driving a nigga crazy 
Daddy's home ... you know how that goes 
The wealth I seek is not for self ... I realize that \REAL\ " people always come through for family . " 
Life is a bitch , you just gotta learn how to live with her . 
They say keep your enemies close ... keep my enemies close to what ? I catch them close ima hit em in the chest till they shoulders touch 
looking at this list and noticed Kerwin K-Roc Lézeau birthday's soon ... may have to pay a visit to beat his grown ass down . lmao ! 
in every clique their is a potential snitch hanging around ... these fuck niggas are so cookie 
whatever steps you take I can live with it , just make sure you can deal with it . 
money doesn't buy respect ... blood , sweat and tears do ... already got the sweat , now to shed the blood and tears . 
and its between the hurting and the loving , that looking back is the hardest part of all ... 
WHERE THE BBQ AT !?!?!?!?! 
A\ 
man should be on point for his lady just like he wants her to be . I am\ 
gonna take time to step my game up . If your not relating , you are hating . Everyone have a smooth day ! 
Yea , My heart is brooklyn bound ! Let's stop the frontin ... now , where is that 2 train . 
Have not seen so much fine ass and delicious bodies at a party in a while . It feels good to just have a good time stress free from the bullshit . 
I am so AWOL today ... I am getting wavy all day , no drama ! PEACE and LOVE 
why they killing all the bad asses in Konoha ?! IBIKI IS THE BEST ! 
I have a fetish for intelligence . 
I was just told that I come from a foolish , selfish generation that play the \victim\ " posture . I agree ... sometimes I feel like I am in a city full of \ " sheep \"" 
Oh yea , If I say something that offends you , deal with it . I am not censoring my thoughts for no one . 
Becoming self-made is not an easy task ... Then again , all the great things in life never come easy . 
You can't say you \REAL\ " if you < PROPFEMALE > with \ " FAKE\ " people . Your friends are a reflection of your standards . " 
If I said , I shredded my heart , so its very fabric is in the stones and beams of this HOME I am building , would you believe me ? 
\the blade of insanity should always be sheathed in reason . \"" 
Je m'excuse des déclamations conduites extravagantes par l'influence émotionnelle 
If someone has reasons to seek revenge ... NEVER let them back into your circle . You taught me that . You made my pain a < PROPFEMALE > resolve 
Goodnight FB , gonna turn my sweet night into sweeter dreams . DEWA MATA ! 
Relationships are often like stones casted from a volcano . Chip away the edges and you will come to see a < PROPFEMALE > beyond all beauty ... think people call it love 
My eyes are not < PROPFEMALE > ... but they do glow . Trust me , I will not fail my father or the ones before him . 
A life without pain ... is a life without joy , without fun ! 
< PROPFEMALE > no kokoro ga boku wo yobu made Dakishimeaeru hi made 
I walked in darkness so long love , I fear the light of this world . You lost the light of your love trying to reach me . It is not worth much , but take my heart- it burns bright for you . let it light the path you now walk on 
Is it wrong for me to give my life for a world where my true friends , my family ... will never have to shed tears and love is felt like everywhere like a summer's wind ? ... it is this constant pain that as spurred me to change my life 
Yo , yall keep poking me and we will go to war ! 
I WON ! 
Confession ... I got \Hustle & Flow \"" 
Haters are your promotional team . Their your biggest supporters 
need ... energy drink 
\Everything Happens For a Reason And Hopefully One Day You’ll Wake Up & That Day You Will Realize You Need Me As Much As I Need You ... \"- Kerwin K-Roc Lézeau " 
need rest ... sleep 
Last night was great ! Linked up with alot of old friends ... truly Good people . Thanks to Domina , < PROPFIRST > Chisolm and < PROPFIRST > Hei for putting me back in the game . Here have cookies ! Everyone continue to have a good day . I am going to get my Samurai on ! Dewa Mata 
Even a genuis askes questions ... never settle for less 
At my young age , I sought a profound love hoping for peace . Maybe I will just spend the rest of my life seeking profound peace waiting for love 
eh ... getting ice cream and junk or cleaning and hitting the gym ... better go grab a garbage bag 
Watching the E3 live as I enjoy the grey clouds of smoke for the last time . 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars The Old Republic ! That's next on my list ! 
If you play MODERN WARFARE 2 PS3 - Lxgendarywolfx ... lets be friends and let me rank up on ya ! 
Currently drifting through St. Marks ... taking in the sights while I can . 
Sleep -> Gym -> City 
Gonna see Domina , then do a \Karate kid\ " with the Master < PROPFIRST > Chisolm " 
I know it seem hard sometimes , but Remember one thing : Through every dark night , there's a bright day after that ... So no matter how hard it get , stick your chest out\ 
Keep your head up , and handle it ! 
Should I go chill at Amenisa and sit in VIP with Drake ? 
\ so your a wolf but ya so fly\ " ... should I tell her thankyou ? Cuz that is the worst line I heard in my life " 
It was a great work out ! Got to learn with some great fighters . 
Being humble and honorable brings you nothing but good things . Thank you Domina , < PROPFIRST > and Tank ... also momma lol 
Why the hell my name keeps changing to old ones ? o . 0 
Delayed onset muscle soreness is CRAZY ... but I got a thing for pain . So I am ready for another day of training ! 
Then : I couldn't keep paying for you , so you bounced . I couldn't get focused , you left . I was taking losses and you went to find a Winner . You played with my heart while claiming the next dude . I was down and out , ALONE . Now : ya'll in love with me as my life does a 180 for the better ? I will leave ya'll with a middle finger and no remorse 
I know what it is like to be broken . I just don't know what it is like to be defeated . 
My name is more important than everything I have- I am willing to die for that shit 
I am not a hustla , also I'm not a customer or a snitch ... I am a person you can put your trust in sir 
It is 12:30 I could hit up the clubs and drink free or hit the Gym ... I am gonna hit the gym . Nite people 
When you know you're with a dime , they'll treat you like you're special-Broad that is sleep and you're sick , because your's left you-Bring her to the church , and the pastor says God bless you-Bring her round your boys , but be careful they gon get you 
\A strong man doesn't need to read the future ... He makes his own \"" 
What are you cussin for ? it is Mother Nature's fault officer , take up your grudge with her 
Hazed watching Shaft ... Why is Mekhi Phifer playing all these \token\ " roles ? " 
\I shot the sheriff ... and the deputy \"- The Snake " 
Relationship ain't the same , as the others back in the past ... See I tried to have someone like you , but didn't add up to half 
When people say \ only god can judge me\ " I tell them that is some bullshit ! cuz I see alot of you dudes running around trying to impress a bitch . STOP FRONTIN ! " 
Modern Warfare 2 , the gym , then I'm joining < PROPFEMALE > K . Guzman and my family of warriors dressed in black at Promenade tonight ... come by and lets be friends 
Playing Metal Gear Solid 4 : GOP ! Bad Ass Game ! 
Just finished talking to Aj about chicks in my past only to find out in my early relationships I was wrong for being willing to do everything for my girl ... glad I got over that shit ! Yea , I wear a bulletproof vest so Cupid can't hit me 
work tonight , and tomorrow I train with one of the best trainers in all of NYC . I am always impressed when great things happen with < PROPMALE > and effort 
wake up slightly sore with a headache ... the first thing I do is drop in to the front leaning rest position . My body is keeping pace with my determination 
Why do I feel that the movie \SALT\ " is a rip off of \ " The Long Kiss Goodnight \"" 
You talking about ballin , making 5K a party-so let your money talk for you ... but why does your wallet look like the end of discussion ? 
My potential is unlimted like your girl's T-mobile plan . 
Now I'm in a burning up into a different year . NO HATE , NO BEEF , NO DISSIN ' HERE . you must have been wasted to be doubting me ... I think you should put back down that beer 
The challenges are crazy ... but my determination already left the starting line , I gotta catch up with it 
I'm like Bro-man from the fifth floor , but I am using the front door ... I don't have to use the window 
she said she got some paper and she said she got a man ... I asked , \ how long you had that problem .. let me fix it cuz I can \"" 
I stand in the rain alone ... will there be a day where it will no longer be this way ? I'll keep pushing forward until then 
Had an interesting moment with someone . I came to the conclusion that emotions are dangerous . More destructive than an AC-130 , it is more corrupt than torture because it can't be evaded . Be careful who holds the strings to your heart , for they have power to \unravel\ " you " 
\Every Saint has a past and every Sinner has a future . \"" 
Talking to a friend who does special ops for the Marines . We both concluded that the world is a hazed place with clouds and shades of grey ... but it all seems clearer behind a scoped lens . I gotta go to the gun range again with him sometime . His aim is insane with a sidearm 
Playstation Plus offers the craziest deals ever . I can play an entire game before I decide I wanna buy it ... Sony must like handing away cash ... 
This lady knows nothing about me or my people and your using her as the 411 on me .. and you know she shady ... FUCK OUTTA HERE 
When you accept the inevitability of death , all obstacles crumble like dust to the wind . Fear gives way to a resolve stronger than any metal . 
So my dude told me that his friend snitched on his own brother to cut his sentence ... That is crazy . I would do 100 years for my family on any given day 
The wolf falls asleep at the feet of Domina 
you say when I come back ... you will be here . I know your lying , however I'm sorry for the person I've became ! So sorry that it took so long for me to change . I will give my all to never be that way again ... cuz who I am hates who I've been ! Goodbye 
In the great words of Cain the Black Ghost , \ I am on the come up like facial hair . \"" 
Whoever said “it is better to love and lost than to never love at all” , never loved and lost . 
Swear to God , one of the best soundtracks to workout to is anything from the \Rocky\ " series . \ " Burning heart\ " puts me in a trance when I lift weights . " 
scrolling days down my FB timeline and I am getting dismayed by everyone calling God's name for all the wrong reasons . I wonder if the weak constantly call on God because they are lacking within themselves ... 
I ran my previous post on God to my SF friend and he replied , \ sheep need a shepered ( Hope/God/Chuck < PROPMALE > ) because they can't defend themselves and need a path lit for them . God takes no sides in this world ... cuz what \ " Father\ " would condemn any of his children ... good or bad ? If God loved us 9/11 and people like Hitler would have never come to be ... get ya head out the clouds Wxlf \"" 
I think < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is post-op ... look at him 
Anybody wants a skilled Muay Thai Trainer ... hit me up . my dude is an excellent teacher ! 
I got the best fitness trainer in town , and I got the best MMA and Muay Thai trainer . I only deal with the best to be the best . Hit me up if you want the info 
began to work out-puked-worked out more-feeling like a superman 
\Prior Planning Prevents Piss-Poor Performance \"" 
\Life is the leading cause of death ... everything else are just factors \"" 
I hate people who complain ... It doesn't resolve the issue ... just makes more of a headache . Also to the people on my FB . No one cares what you will do , but people are concerned with what you are doing NOW(at this moment ) with your life . Don't look so far ahead not to enjoy the steps that will get you there 
The difference between sheep and a sheep dog : Sheep are always greatful they avoided a tragedy ... a Sheepdog wishes they were there to ease that tragedy . 
think my false relationship with Ash is buggin my ex ... aint that some high speed shit ! lmao 
torturing Shaii Serenity with SF cadences ! 
Saw a old lady walking down the street- had tanks on her back and fins on her feet- hey old lady where you going to ? -Special Forces Scuba school- hey old lady dont you think your too old ? - better save that stuff for the brave and the bold ! - < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > who you talking to ? -I'm the instructor at the Scuba school ! 
I swear Americans can make me sick ... 
I am ready to travel worlds where few men dare to go 
My nightmares rock my body and < PROPMALE > me of my tears . I am afraid but my heart pushes me forward ... just wish someone for a moment understood ... FIDO 
look ... I don't give a flying #$%& about < PROPFIRST > Brown breaking down on stage , nor do I care much about < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > deciding she wants to < PROPFEMALE > the Boondocks . Why are you made your a girl ? ya entire career was based on your post op . get over it ! 
I don't believe in God ... but I have faith ... faith in the human heart . 
God , if your hurt I am skeptical of you ... look at this world ! I ask that you please let trouble be only in my days , so that my children will know peace 
looks like an afternoon of PT 
Don't know what's worse , Darness or the 5-week drill . INTENSE ! 
I train to become wiser , I train to become stronger , I train to become more than the average man . Many of you will talk about it ... how many of you are actually doing it ? stop with the excuses 
Now I see why some people change their profile pics ... damn that chick is ... I don't wanna say ugly ... I will go with \beyond all visual disappointment \"" 
If you're brave copy this to your status and see what people say 1 . Crazy2 . Wish we went out 3 . talkative 4 . sarcastic 5 . Loveable 6 . Sexxy 7 . strong8 . Dumb 9 . spoiled 10 . Like your lips 11 . wild 12 . Wanna kiss you 13 . funny 14 . let's go out 15 . Beautiful 16 . Amazing 17 . cute 18 . ... Wish ... we had sex . 
A strong man is master of himself and through good example , is a leader of others 
Facing a path I am not ready to travel and traveling down a path I may never return from . Lord let there be trouble only in my day , so that my children will only know peace . 
just got up ... gonna do some pushups , situps , and study abit while I watch Tears of the Sun . < PROPMALE > W . is the fuckin man ! 
I dislike the narcissist and the unnecessarily self- deprecating . Is attention by any means really worth it ? Is it not better to receive respect and honor instead of pity and remorse ? I try to give you advice and encouragement but you are set in such foolish ways you’re my senior but I am clearly wiser than you I learn from my mistakes , you continue to windmill in yours . Delusions of grandeur are so shameful . 
my twitter is funny ... batman and jesus got me dying of laughter 
up after only about 4 hours of sleep , studying Human anatomy then I have training in about a hour or so . I am motivated to go ALL THE WAY EVERYDAY ! that is how you become the best 
finished training ... in PAIN ... but it is a good hurt . It will make me stronger 
Maybe you have it in you to let your fellow man starve ... tragically I don't ... the fact that your cool with that disgust me . My father would never let that happen if he could help ... what makes you think I would not do that same ? 
Line up my Cross Hairs on the next bullshit to snipe down : If you have kids and claim you don't believe in abortion , yet had several ( thinking nobody would know ) Your full of shit , stop poppin babies as a means to a paycheck and a decent man that don't want ya ass ... 
I am my brother's keeper , for that reason I have no problem calling anyone on they bullshit . I would want the same done to me ... That is how people improve as a whole 
If I have to go through 100+ pics of people that are not you . I am gonna assume your ugly . Yes I actually did go through this to actually find out this lady was ugly . 
Lady GAGA is trash ! The best song she ever did was \Poker Face\ " . Every other song is some absurd version of it . * Snipe * " 
Don't try to lie , dont try to cry , aint nothing more for us to talk about . Like UNK said , \take TWO STEPS to the door and just WALK IT OUT \"" 
Get the respect that can't be get , then you can say , \I am the shit . \"" 
My SOCOM ( US Special Operations Command ) Friend and I concluded : \ Why have a college degree that is not being used ? Does it really make you look smart if you have a degree but are working a job completely unrelated or less than what you wanted ? Everyone else has to compete for their dreams ... We just bust our ass and it is guaranteed ! \"" 
Heh , I just am getting started with my dude training . PT ain't shit to me ! I go all the way every day ! 
I am feeling GOOD , REAL GOOD ! A-HA ! HELL YEA ! 
