this year is gonna be fantidallyastic !! WOOT ! WOOT ! 

gets mad at this weather during the day 
Finally < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is dead and can't rape little boys anymore !!! 
A Beautiful Smile - DJ < PROPFIRST > 
WTF happened in HP ?! does it end like that in the book ? i think i missed something ... 
im still up at 3 in da mornin 
tired from this weekend 
chillin with my bro 
chillin a lot lately and doin nothin in the process 
damn . paranormal activity was wicked good . i am impressed . and a little scared . 
I thought I smelled failure . Your disillusioned accusations are tall tale signs of early-stage paranoid schizophrenia . 
new phone number 720 544 1511 plz give me your number 
xmas shopping today ... i got myself a lot of stuff ! and i got the fam a few things 
christmas is like 26 days 
20 days til christmas 
pretty much just xmas 
Hark ! 
anyone who would fake cancer to get a happy drug placed in his brain is most certainly my idol ! go dr. house ha ha ! 
got some new skis . they pretty ballin ! 
Had an incredible New Years < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > aint got shit on this bitch ! ha ah aha a 
you just can't live in that negative way , make way for the positive day . 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall , so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting !!!!!!! 
the game 
cig 
doctor's orders 
found the best song ha ha ! 
got his phrase published on the urban dictionary , upmost dankity dank . itll be posted in a couple days ! 
thizzle dance haha ! 
kicks ass and takes names online haha ! 
mkydydynmexico 
no more hair on my head ! 
Caffiene is gonna be sick-nasty ! not to mention , 2-day Global Dance ! A ! Ha ! Ha ! 
e ( to the 100th ) = 2.7182818284590452353602874713526624977572470936999595749669676277240766303535475945713821785251664274 
anybody think they could help me with a ps3 problem ... ? 
caffiene anyone ? 
haha caffeine , my bad ! 
easy day at work ... not much work to do , yet , im still getting paid bitches haha ! 
brobible.com is a must , as i will explain , now : 3 . Spunking in a broad's mouth without any warning . This can go either way , but I generally contest that if she is sucking your < PROPMALE > like she is on death row , then it's your civic duty to read the broad her final rights and shoot the last supper in her mouth . 
had a good , good time with my [ COBL ] homies haha ! today was a good day . 
\Chicks call me Mikey ... \ " [ why's that ? ] \"' cause i like it . \ " -- Montego Slay " 
another day at work ... easy and slow lol 
your welcome colorado for the lovely day , i felt it was time for a really good day haha ! 
had a superdy duper , bomb-digity massage ... ballin 
doesnt know what to say , and wants to say something . 
Weeds Season 5 ... Here I come ! 
last night was quite disappointing ... oh ! olympians , why did you fail me ? 
hates Bankers , Politicians , and Priests because they like to molest little boys . 
ITS DONE ! free bird has been completed 100% on Hard for Guitar Hero , by yours truly ... ME haha ! woot woot ! 
I just wanna give a shout out to all those who attended Caffeine and had a BALLIN ASS TIME ! HAHA ! WOOT WOOT ! 
GDF GDF GDF GDF GDF ! 
12 and 17 days left ! WOOT ! 
All the leaves are brown , and the sky is grey ... 
goin'a get me som ' co'boy boots ' nd a co'boy hat haha 
April is a good month . April is damn good month . 
So I know the coolest people in the world , and I'm sorry to all who don't ... Haha ! 
Tomorrow , I am celebrating my 1st and 20th Amendment Rights , through the Federal Law and State Law respectably , to Peaceably Assemble in the lovely city and county of Boulder to show my respect to a fantastic < PROPMALE > ! 
So here we are , just 3:28 minutes from our first celebration ! 
today is but an extraordinary day ! 
4/20/2010 was the Best yet ! It would take Super-Herb Powers to exceed next year or the following years to come ! Haha ! 
and now 6 more days of being a fuckin teenagers ... FUCK ! 
word 
my boulder homies know wuts good haha 
Boulder is on my mind 
just got an itouch ... these things are sweet ! 
GERMANY JUST WON THEIR SEMI-FINAL 2ND LEG MATCH !! TOMORROW FC BARCELONA IS GONNA KICK ASS !! WOOT WOOT !! 
sometimes , too much IS , toomuch 
wuhbada wuhbada lmfaob !! 
My grandma < PROPFEMALE > fractured her hip and just came out of surgery today . I pray for a quick , and good recovery for her . 
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again , expecting different results ... Arrogance is insanity wrapped in carelessness . I'll continue drowning in my arrogance until I find my sanity , or until sanity finds me . 
im far from being being God , but i work god damn hard . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > fuckin Z 
wow ... bombest nite ever . ha ! 
rollin rollin rollin we aint slept in weeks 
just got my ticket for 5 Feet of Foam , EDC , and already got one for Global !! This summer is gonna be BuMpIn ! 
i need an idea for a tattoo ... ive got too many ideas in mind , so im lookin for some suggestions i guess 
my hand looked pretty cool for a while , before it was bandaged .. 
Five Feet of Foam is on my mind haha ! 
what a freakin morning ! \ 
gots my mornin coffee , and am workin now , so all should be well the rest of the day ! 
LIFE is good ... no ! It's REALLY GOOD ! 
bored as shit . \ 
gotta make that green though . \ 
damn . 
has got freakin pink eye . 
i hate being bloody sick and feelin like shit . 
loves Sony products ... Nice work Brazil , wouldn't expect anything less of you guys ! 
work , work , work , and more bloody work 
i dont know . i just dont freakin know . 
Congrats to Espana , they did quite well . 
leavin the ritz at half < PROPFEMALE > bay in about 12 hours and have to say these old , ritzy people know how to get down ! haha ! 
where is the snow ? 
I've been trying to keep myself surrounded by good company lately , because LIFE is just too damn hard to face alone . And I'm 1-upin ' LIFE right now . 
The samsung galaxy is the sweetest phone ever ! 
Happy Christmas everybody ! 
got my windows tinted , look ballin . \ 
now i just needa paint this son of a bitch lol ! 
I lost my old phone and just got my new one today so I need < PROPFIRST > . Text or call me at 720.544.1511 
< PROPMALE > people rock ! this is a pretty tight city 
My insanity makes perfect sense , when I'm stuck in the middle of it . 
