still feels like the old yr . yet now its cold as hell !! 

lets go eagles 
living the life one breath at a time 
opps meant to type that on my profile go phillies 
not too much same old me just better ;) 
living in shittsville usa 
no offense southerners 
good night im out 
someone needs to come visit me , i dnt know anyone here other than my gf and the people i do jobs for and my bro but he lives 30 minutes away and we dnt really get along anyway . im serious though if any of ya go on vacation to the south you would have a free place to stay . im not needy but i do miss hanging w/old friends 
oh yea and sparky was the best player on the girls basketball team class of 99 my cuz < PROPMALE > was pretty good too i told < PROPFEMALE > she was the best but she didint think so 9th grade girls b-ball vote now best player ? < PROPFEMALE > pen would tell u she was my b-ball watchin < PROPMALE > 
personalitys never change 
its better to have one and not need it , than to need one and not have it right ? 
is < PROPFIRST > hill good w/kids ? any comments ? 
has anyone ever done this as well ? you run to go get something quick and when you got there you forget what the hell you came there for and you gotta think about it for a sec . i do that occasionally 
coming to < PROPFEMALE > soon to visit 
yea eat that damn yankees !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is coming to < PROPFEMALE > soon .. who will pick him up from the bus stop ? 
do only truly blessed people have moments that feel like they last for ever ... or do good times fly by for everyone ?????????? 
has to deal w/bullshiters everyday ..... and is so sick of 2 faced backstabbin scumbags !! so carefully pick your friends in life . because the shitty folks out weigh the good ones by a ton ... its probably like 1000 to 1 
is jus killing time until his < PROPFEMALE > gets home ....... 
wanna wacth a movie 2nite .... any good ones to recommend ?? not saw 6 that was too graphic for me way too much blood and gore !! 
come on Eagles !!!! DONT CHOKE PLS !!!!!! 
dont take that what celebrity do u look like quiz if your a guy . its only for woman , it said i look like fergy ??? wtf u know that girl from black eyed peas 
whts a profile badge ??? anyone ? 
once again late night because facebooks got me by the balls .... 
heres me ...... blah blah blah blah damn that guys gota lot of stuff to say he must not have anyone to talk to at the moment :( im a good listener too im just in a good mood and am amped right now !! 
rain rain go away so < PROPMALE > can make some money today !!! 
you know wht grinds my gears ? when some ass is in such a rush to pull out in front of you only to turn 20 feet down the road !!! aww man talk about road rage !! 
FACEBOOK EXPEREMENT first memory my friends have of me ..... pls comment im curious !! wether we speak often or not 
beautiful day out today !!! get of ass and go outside , this pertains to me as well ;) 
is a lil under the weather :( 
became a non smoker , but now has to get g.f. to quit !! 
ughhh holidays are stessful ! but i do hav my christmas shoppin done :) 
coffee mmmm good 
is it warm in < PROPFEMALE > ? its unusaully warm in nov . even for nc 
happy 10th reunion to my classmates !!! wont be able to make it . hope those that go have a lot of fun . ill miss ya's . maybe ill be there for the 15th yr or 20th ?? damn how time flies !!!!!!!!!!! wish it would slow down so i could catch up 
lets start a new post . who all isnt goin to the reunion ? then i wont feel so bad :( 
anyone of my friends a vet ?? my dog squirt broke her leg , didnt poke through skin . i set her leg and put a splint on it and gave her aspirin . shes seems to be ok movin around and eatin and givin me kisses .... just wanna know if any of you had this happen before ? 
I got in big trouble tonight by eating the < PROPFEMALE > pie for thanksgiving and the whip cream . i couldnt resist !! mmm < PROPFEMALE>'s mad @ me ;) 
good mn game ..... houstons has 47 sec . to score down by 3 
im off to see the wizard !! 
sometimes i feel like i dont hav a partner .... sometimes i feel like my only friend . 
happy turkeyday 
startin off bad already , bought one of those foil roasters 4 turkey put it in the oven and caught it on the end of the rack and ripped a damn hole in it . spilled chicken broth all over oven . had to go to store and buy another one this time bought 2 . o well though it'll turn out HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!!!!!! 
any of yous have xbox live ?? im gettin it hooked up soon 
gotta get a new camera .... walkin my dog roco 2day and was bout to take a pic and he started running and jerked the camera outa my hand and fell into a stream and lost my balance and i stepped on it ....... wht f'n luck i have i was so pissed 
anyone watch any good movies lately ??? home sick and wanna watch some movies but not sure wht to pick ..... even ones that r in the theaters i can watch too !! 
wow the pats r gettin manhandled by the saints 
can not wait to get a new computer , so he can smash his laptop over his knee !!!! p.o.s. 
really does miss his old friends 
yaaahhhhhh < PROPMALE > shaub your the man !!!!!!! 
so sick of the hippies that act like war is meaningless . if we were all skippin around throwin daisys wed b attacked from all sides . that bein said < PROPFEMALE > will never let there guard down so all of us can b free ! thats y those great men n woman r doin this . they r fightin 4our freedom from kamakazi , p.o.s. terrorists that hate < PROPFEMALE > . WAR IS NECASSARY ! and a PART OF LIFE 
is one cool mo fo !! ho ho ho 
wants to know .... how the hell is everyone by they way ?? 
haha im hammered woooo all you need is love , love is all you need !!!! 
headache !!!!!!!!!! never drinkin again feel like shit ;) 
c'mon weekend 
someone jus shot both of my moms dogs !! apparently they were after the guys chickens ? but the guy had them locked up for 3 days then shot them today and got caught burying them ...... fucked up huh ?? my dogs wouldnt hurt any other animals so if someone shot mine theyd be in deep shit !! 
someone take a picture of the snow for me that youve been gettin in < PROPFEMALE > !! 
i leave my teeth marks in styrophome cups so i know theyre mine !! 
quick quiz >>>>> Who were Fletsom and Jetsom ???? <<<<<<< 
some of these quizes on fb are really gay !!! im not goin to take any more unless they hav 4 or 5 stars 
s . o . b !!!! i let the damn fire go out , now i gotta go cut somemore kindling and get it going again ... yay dam it !! 
another fri night home alone ..... booo hooo ... least i got some booze !! 
dont choke eagles dont choke 
good game eagles hope they make to playoffs and kick the saints ass 
does anyone else jus spin the bread bag and fold under like me instead of using the twist tie ??? < PROPFEMALE > gets mad @ me for doin that 
some ppl jus really do fuckin suck !!!!!!!!! 
? 
good thurs night game !!! glad cuz mn's game sucked !! 
oh shit its spose to snow in < PROPFEMALE > on sat . alright !!!!!!!!!! 
holy shit i jus got shocked , was unpluggin a space heater instead of turning it off and it sparked at the outlet an hit my hand wht a terrible fuckin feeling im all shakin an shit , and not because its cold ..... not that anyone cares but jus thought id share ... you all prolly woulda laughed at me if ya seen it lol ;) 
tiiiiime is on my side , yes it is !! 
wow my dog cloe snoars like a beast , i mean damn its really loud shes gonna have to go outside soon brought them in because of the rain and cold but they have shelter out there 
I'll turn an atheist into a God fearing believer ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas 
think im jus going to leave the tree up til next christmas , fuck it ! 
aww i dont wanna go to < PROPFEMALE > to build a damn shed , but works work i guess :( 
too many comercials on a football game 
wonders how his life would be if i ...... 
what ?! you dont like pizza ? 
beware of beer cans with cig . butts in them .... ewwwwww givs me the shivers huwah 
hate it when i hear someone go \aw snap\ " like wtf is that ? so lame and gay jus annoys me cuz im hearing it quite frequently " 
has anyone seen sherlock homes yet ?? if so was it any good ? 
anyone hav any movie request ?? ill post wht ever ones u pick 
hey ya'll 
cocksuckers keep kickin me off xbox live 
dear sunday , hurrry the fuck up and get here !!!!!! 
seems like the nicer i am the more i get screwed over .... wht kinda back assward shit is that ?? im jus gonna be a prick for awile and see where that gets me , guess they mistake my kindness for weakness ?? 
has anyone ever played a game for 7 hrs straight or even more ?? im talkin xbox platstaytion or similar type consoles . jus wonderin , cause i have . hope its not a bad thing an fries my brain or somethin . 
im bored . i wanna go out someone come pick me up !! 
fuck it im goin out !! 
peace ! 
wow great game !!!.... hope th superbowl will be close like that , but doubt it . i was rooting for the vikings . 
gotta leave for s.c. at 4 in the mornig buzz kill ..... but need to keep workin after s.c. im off to virginia .... yay .... dont like the travelin part but it pays the < PROPMALE > and then some ;) 
short and sweet or more detail ? was told i talk too much and never get to the pnt til the end well theres so many different angles to look at on some short comment so i tend to be more precise , andI HATE TO BE MISUNDERSTOOD bc some ppl hav the wrong idea about me . im a very mellow , easygoing guy . like nature , building , animals and sports and sex ;) . will always stick up for my family and true friends NO MATTER WHAT 
another long as ride again @ 4 in the morning booo 
district 9 was good hope theres a sequiel ! 
finally got some snow in NC , i can at least go boardin down the hill !! :) little hills but take wht i can get 
those 5 layer burritos @ taco < PROPFEMALE > kick ass for only $0.89 . there big too , good deal 
someone from the south that rarely sees snow shouldnt be telling me how to drive in it , especially knowing im from < PROPFEMALE > ! duh ! 
note to self , next vehicle you get make sure its FWD OR AWD equipped w/brushguard and winch . it will save tons of aggrivation and stress . 
has to not swear so much !! 
i dont like those forensic file shows on tv , only because it will show the criminal/killer how not to make a mistake , therefore it will be harder for them to get caught . not good 
have to go to < PROPMALE > head island to tear down a display model of garage at home depot . deliver to customer who bought it , then go back to nghome depot and builda new display and paint the damn thing . looks like my weeks gona be busy :( maybe get home by sat . 
wht times he super bowl on ? 
im goin w/the saints 
kick ass superbowl game !!! 
its snowing pretty hard in nc 
yay no work for me tomorrow 
puts the bottom paper plate on top and reuses it . 
dont ever leave a rabbit unattended in your house . they'll chew the shit out of any wire they find 
is hearing a dripping sound in his bedroom and cant find where the hell its coming from . its driving me nuts !!!!!!!! 
wonder if i can make choc . covered pretzals by dunking them in choc syrap and put them in frig ??? 
some of you that have like 600 plus friends ..... damn ! do you really know that many ppl or some jus through the internet ?? most of mine i've at least seen or talked to at least once face to face . theres prolly less than 100 that i even like ;) haha j/k i like all my friends , cept for about 2 or 3 ! ;) 
woe is me 
\The line between good and evil runs through every human's heart \"" 
just be yourself ! hate when ppl try to act different only because they're \under the spot light\ " . so fake . you know wht i mean ..... the type that only do good things if theres a witness . haha fake f*cks !! " 
better life better life . tell you wht , cut out the bullshit in mine and im as close to heaven as i can be . yea no bullshit , no drama , or shitty ppl . and no money issues oh yea and having someone to spend life with = Heaven 
wtltghak 
can you deep fry bacon ? 
happy weekend ! 
rain tommorow means no work for me ....... pls pls rain !!! 
wht to do , wht to do ? hmmm .. 
wht a shitty day ! 
i guess today we change the clocks ahead ?? unless my pc's wrong . hate it when we loss an hour 
Were you born an asshole , or did you work on it your whole life ? 
ill be in < PROPFEMALE > by friday . leaving on sunday . not looking forward to the 9 hr . drive though . 
hmmmm ... should i bring my own pillow ??? 
went to < PROPFEMALE > over the weekend for my grams memorial . visited wth friends and family . had a good time . wish i could have stayed longer . going to try and make it up again this august . 
bought a new computer this weekend !! :) i finally get to smash my old one !!! 
some ppl are such pieces of shit . makes me sick . hope they suffer . and die horribly . 
hope for rain all week , so i wont hav to work . and now its only raining weekends . WTF ! 
sittin at a bar on the inside , waitin for my ride on the outside !! 
UH OOOOOOOOHHHH !!!!!!!!!!! 
IS THERE ANYBODY OUT THERE ??????????????????????? 
LIKE TWO LST SOULS SWIMMIN IN A FISH BOWL ......... YR AFTER YR 
** FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT**WICH OF YOU ...... FOR REAL FOR REAL CONSIDERS ME A ( REAL ) ( TRUE ) FRIEND ??? JUS DRUNK AND CURIOS AND BORED AS FU@# !!!!!!!!!!! ANY ANSWER WILL WORK ............... AND ALSO ........ BECOME A FAN OF , THOSE WHO DONT LIKE ME FOR ME CAN GO FUCK THEMSELVSE ............ HAHAHHAHAHAHA 
IMA < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
only because im drunk 
ima be ! 
money doesnt buy happiness huh ? well if i had millions in my account id be pretty damn happy ;) def . solves most problems . 
i've been in 23 states , and might get to all 50 . but the heck with the states . i want to go over seas !! 
lost another job today . sux aSS 
anyone order the rampage , evans fight ? if so let me know who wins 
jus got home from the hospital . ive got kidney stones . omfg does it hurt . even with the percocets its still killing me . worst part is how much it will cost me 1000 for the mri . 800 for emergency room . more for the iv they had me on and whtever for the doctor visit and seeing the uroligist . anyone had kidny stones before ?? need some advice . 
feels like a new man !!!!! 
im goin to drink coronas and chill in the pool all day ....... so hot here !!! 
thanks for the birthday wishes , everyone !!! i appreciate that . if only i could get that many presents !! ;) 
whats up everyone . happy 4th !! hope you all hav a great day !! 
cursed and blessed all at once . but wich out ways the other ? hmmm .... = 
the a.c. has been out 2 days now . the repairman was suppose to come 2day , but didnt or < PROPFEMALE > never answered the door ? i dont know how the hell ppl survived this kinda heat down here without it . its torture . 
they need to make a t.v. with a < PROPFEMALE > button built in to locate the remote !! 
how do you fix fudge that wont harden ?? anyone hav any ideas 
no !!!! 
wooo hooo im so happy . jus got a new job . and they pay more 
wish i could retire already :( 
im not smart , but damn i feel like einstein compared to some of these ignorant asses 
why text while your driving ? c'mon ppl ! 
WHATS MY AGE AGAIN ? 
Any friends on facebook hav xbox live ? 
packers 
Hot cocoa w/whip cream , mmmm mmm 
Fell off an inversion table last night . Think my shoulders dislocated . No work for me today . Anyone know how to undislocate a shoulder ? 
happy v-day all ! and gnite 
dont ever try to freeze choco coverd stawberries !! :( almost ruined the whole batch . i learned to just make them earlier , rather than the last minute !! 
i hear there making or made a movie about facebook !? cant wait to see that one ! { sarcasm } i mean really ?? those writers must be running on fumes . bet ya there'll be lots of action in that ....... not ! i like f.b. for games and keeping in touch w/friends and family . dont really see a strong movie plot there 
Time to drownd some sorrows ! :) 
live life without regret ....... it makes you or breaks you 
I really , really wish Fake people would just die and go to hell already !!!! develop your own personality u sick s . o . b . ' s !! just how i felt at the moment of sharing and still do 
there comes a time where you reach clarity ! 
ai-yai-yai !!!! 
everyone's a different flavor ! 
Is anyone else getting random pop ups from the webpages you visit ? * message from webpage .. You've one !!! itll be out of nowwhere too . some ass will be loud , \congratulations you've won\ " !! sometimes it'll scare the shit outa me . i dont fall for the crap . my concern is : do i need to increase my pc security or just track these assholes down ?? \ " where's my damn $1000 walmart gift card bastard's ?? " 
Rise and rise again until Lambs become Lions ! 
true point ::::::: Sometimes being honest \ royally fuck's you \"" 
Not ;) 
how does this facebook thing work again ?? ;) 
Does anyone know if a Hondo electric guitar is a \good\ " guitar ??? " 
facebook can GO TO HELL with all these random pop up's and viruses ! 
