is RAD . 

im that man on the < PROPFEMALE > . im up up on the < PROPFEMALE > . and imma do what i do . so do you . hey heyyy 
sittin on the beach , drinking corona and lime . this is the life . 
just played an < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > signature course in FL ... by far the hardest course i've ever stepped on . 
gettin up at 6am and going deep sea fishing ! 
just had the freakin time of my life ... whoever invented the jet ski , you are a genius ! 
HELL YEAAA T-WILL #11 & E5 #14 !!! LOUISVILLE REPRESENTIN ' 09 DRAFT STATUS !! 
heading home ..... 
just got back home from vacation :/ 
is gonna burn this city 
vehicular homicide , boy you kno that my car kills 
it was a friday ... i was on the highway ridin ' to that kanye 
is past the present , and into the future . 
ahh , or your lack of aggression . pull your skirt down , yea . grow a set man . 
i'm not a businessman , i'm a business man . 
now das vassup . 
is ... DOWN & OUT 
... i've been to hell and back so many times i must admit you kind of bore me 
well i looked my demons in the eye . they barreled their chest said do you best ' n try to destroy me 
crashed in tha ATL for the night haha just got back from the pool ... heading to florida tomorrow !!!! 
having a blast in FLAHHDAAA !!! 
spent all day on Cocoa Beach with the sun and sand and perfect weather ... what a day !! 
enjoyed florida while it lasted ... headed to ATL to stay away for a few more days 
bout to head out to dinner with T.I. , Ludacris , and some of ATL's finest rappers ... what what ?!? 
back in hen-co ..... 
has been to down and back , stayed in < PROPMALE > for a week and ATL for like 5 days ... but im still wondering why gas in KY is the most expensive i've seen 
i'm working on my faults and cracks . filling in the blanks and gaps . 
got my new telly today ... watch out . 
finally got my schedule all straightened out . and its freakin ' awesome . no class monday or friday . 
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY BIATCHHH !!!! 
... we can do it real big , bigger than you ever done it . 
... gotta get this freakin florida speeding ticket paid today then get ready to head back to EKU this weekend . 
... about to head up to Richmond 
just spent way too much money for books , again . 
... cause i'm good like that . 
... have you ever been to heaven at nite ? 
... the way she moves in slow-mo , yep my minds got tivo . 
... guess if i was simple in the mind everything would be fine . Maybe if i was a jerk to girls , instead of being nice and speaking kind words . Maybe it would be ok then , to say i wasn't a good guy to begin with . But my mind is all crazy crazy crazy crazyyyy 
... CUDI ALBUM COMIN OUT IN 2 DAYS !!!! 
beyond from the heart , from the soul you can feel ... CUDI ALBUM OUT TOMORROW 
shhh . my foots sleepin on the gas ... No brake pads , no such thing as last . 
... labels are for soup cans . 
... I'll stop the world and melt with you 
ok ..... 
... we'll never have to wonder if we missed out on each other 
... my laptop screen has been pretty much busted for about 2 months , i've been patiently waiting for thanksgiving break to send it in and get fixed . Then , just my luck , today it quits charging . So im screwed after this battery runs out anyway ....... 
I can't say goodbyeeee , to you ... So I'll just say goodniiiight , to you . 
man i can't wait to get my laptop back . 
is gonna rock down to electric avenue 
. I will let you go . But first , i want you to say \I ... Love ... Crepes . \"" 
mmm JUJYFRUITS 
GOT MY LAPTOP BACK !!! 
[: -)] -<--<= 
You can change your clothes , change your hairstyle , your friends , cities , continents but sooner or later your own self will always catch up . 
... These streets will make you feel brand new , these lights will inspire youu 
... just upgraded to Windows 7 .. & .. MW2 !! 
.... 4 tests this week , please shoot me now . 
no ceilings . 
4 THANKSGIVINGS ?!? 
\\m/ ^_^ \\m/ 
is pretty sure Richmond would be completely under snow if it was 5 degrees colder ... this weather suckssss 
It has been said that something as small as the flutter of a butterfly's wing can ultimately cause a typhoon halfway around the world . 
Alrite Mr. Strong , lets get some recruits in here and get this program back on track ! 
Repetition is the father of learning . I repeat , repetition is the father of learning . 
everyone has their obsession . consuming thoughts , consuming time . they're our objects of affection , that can mesmerize the soul . there is always one addiction . that cannot be controlled . You are mine .... 
IS DONE WITH FINALS !! 
loves how there are already double the amount of fans of \ R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > Murphy\ " than there were fans of \"< PROPFEMALE > Murphy\ " ... ohh facebook . " 
We can both get old fashioned , do it like they did in ' 43 . 
has all the MANswers ! 
yea im a cool cat but im on life 9 
the beat hit hard ... < PROPFIRST > bouche 
is Francois Dillinger 
all moved in & ready to get the semester started ... i guess . 
hit em with the shotgun call that shit the stop button 
DC is supposed to get 20\-30\ " of snow ?!? i cant even imagine " 
is a high roller 
is praying for no classes in the morning 
trying to think of Weezy's top 10 all-time best songs ... help me out 
trying to think of some \get < PROPMALE > quick\ " schemes . " 
My old man always swore that hell would have no flames , just a front row seat to watch your true love pack her things and drive away 
trying to figure out housing for next year ... advisor meeting tomorrow to get classes for next semester 
c'mon spring 
... real talk ... when do people born on leap year celebrate their birthday ? 
is in a stinky situation , literally . 
Supa Dupa 
got my vans on but they look like sneakerz 
... humility is far underrated in this world . 
was thinking about sleeping in and skipping my first class ... decided not to ... got there and it was cancelled . what the hell teach , let me know oh suhntin'! haha 
has 3 tests this week , but it's ok because I'm a genius anyways . 
has the craziest dreams ever ... i swear mine could rival < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland 
putting all the clothes you washed away , as you're folding up the shirts you hesitate , then it goes fast , you think of the past ... suddenly everything has changed 
... Things are really starting to go my way . 
[ [ S U N ! ! ! ] ] 
my proffessor is making me update my status as , \in class right now\ " . haha " 
what am i doing ? what am i doing ? oh yea thats right ... 
has had a pretty bomb week 
its been a big day ... signed a lease for a house next year and dominated 2 tests 
at Rites of Spring bout to see Cold War Kids , Phoenix , and Drake ! 
Words can only go so far , let your actions speak for themselves . 
is Francious Dillinger . 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
Happy 5th Birthday YouTube ! 
Money is the motive . 
knocked a little dust off my golf clubs today 
prowling eminemce in the jag 
... lend me your eyes i can change what you see , but your soul you must keep totally free . 
at churchill betting the ponies 
Thank Me Later 
if only i was an unforgettable california girl ... 
loves these < PROPFIRST > county summer nights . 
just saw the creepiest guy with a huge pedophile beard pulling out of love stuff 
Happy One Year < PROPFEMALE > Ida-Paige Goodan !! 
I live for the nights that I can't remember , with the people that I won't forget . Spendin all the money that I just worked my ass off for doin things that I won't regret 
is an average guy that does average things in an above average way . 
August ... Best Month of the Year , 20 years running . 
... sharks have a week dedicated to me . 
ok people . less than a week away from my bday . so call me , txt me , facebook me , whatever .. just get a hold of me so i can let you know what you have to get me for my bday 
I'd like to thank everyone for all of the birthday wishes ! I appreciate it ad im so glad I have such LEGIT friends ! Haha 
put off some on-line hw due tomorrow morning ... of course our wi-fi goes out just as i hit submit . touche Insight , touche . 
Everyday cant be the best day . Do what you can right now dont hesitate . Thats why were tryin to make love and get paid . Take the bad with the good now lets play 
THE . TOWN . 
What does facebook not understand about \I have a test tomorrow \"???" 
no longer has a working cell phone :// 
insurance replaced my phone ... but now i have no < PROPFIRST > . so hit me up 
got a new phone ... i need your < PROPFIRST > ! 
Lovin ' this new iPod touch ! 
I am not a human being . 
i be up all night whole crew in here 
i could pass out right now ..... but no . this paper is gonna keep me up all night . im soooo ready for fall break ! 
enjoyed coming home this weekend to spend time with the fam ... Got to see lots of HC peeps last night at the homecoming game , and to top it all off went to the UofL game to see a shutout ! C-A-R-D-S !! 
thanks for the late night haircut < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hinkel & < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ;) 
.... can't wait till tomorrow is over and get both of these speeches out of the way ! 
12s in the trunk hit like a < PROPMALE > truck 
if there is such thing as a perfect song , it would have to be Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata . 
Plan on heading home after class and sleeping all afternoon so I can stay up all night playing Black Ops ! 
Way to break in the Yum ! Center tonight Cards !!! 
I no longer have a cell phone ... 
it's about time to get a car with a working gas gauge . 
anybody have an at&t phone they wanna sell me ? :) 
it feels like the weekend already 
Gonna be waiting in pep boys for the next couple hours so if anyone wants to come rescue me , feel free :)) 
\Hope springs eternal in the male gonad \"" 
Snowmageddon 2011 
Winter Weather Advisory today for : Snowling Green , KY 
