just back from short trip to conn . Mystic ... gotta love having those weekends off !!! 

the start of a beautiful day ... and bonus- weekend is now closer than the start of the week !! 
yeah ... so not happy- probably need a new radiator , drat ! just when I was getting more comfortable without drama !!! 
work meeting at Blue ... life is rough !!! 
enjoying free speech and freedom of thought today . thankful for my life today ! 
kicking back today , enjoying family , and fireworks tonight . decided to avoid the poison < PROPFEMALE > in the bushes today- I can slay them another day !!! 
long day , lots of growth . time to hit the pillow and say a prayer or two . 
attitude , today , more serene and taking time to embrace some acceptance . Apparently I don't know everything !!! 
Yeah ... note to self : remember to actually USE sunscreen !!! 
looking foreward to tackling the hedge- this time with long sleves and long pants- NO MORE POISEN FOR ME !! 
VACATION !!! nice just taking time to pause . Lots to do around the house , time for meditation , and family time . AWESOME 
grateul today to once again learn humility 
really enjoying spending time with my family . VACATION ROCKS ! 
soooo glad to have my computer back . looking foreward to a great weekend . 
What a great day ! Spent the morning having a wonderful brunch with my favorite pregnant friend , then finally took out the bike ! I know ... awesome ! Haven't been out in so long . Initially a little tentative , but it was fine . Glad to have the time to ri 
breathing for one ... Terribly humid out there . secondly- thought that when it came to feelings , done meant done . Jokes on me I guess . Still struggling with feelings surrounding my mom's death . Going thru the pain apparently is better than circumvent 
little relaxing time at musikfest tonight with my daughter . took her to listen to some music and ran into some friends . How great is that ???!!! 
long day , and it is not even over yet ... Thinking about just staying in tonight . just needing some down time for a change . OH ... perhaps not ... I see dust bunnies mating on my ceiling fan !!! 
up early to pick blueberries ! What am I thinking ??? 
Really had a nice end to my day ! Went to < PROPFEMALE > and Jax's house on my bike , had some dinner , and then long ride . So glad to have good friends who keep me moving . 
Back from another 2 shifts at musikfest !! Truth be told- rain does not keep people home , nor do people wear sensible shoes to a place they must walk , walk , walk ?? go figure . No emergences today though !! 
OH yeah ... weekend finally here !!! 
Back to work today to relax ! Weekends seem to fill up so fast ! No time to just pause . Still haven't gotten the whole 5 day workweek thing . 
at work and working hard . 
reflecting on all the wonderful things i have been priveledged to enjoy this year . Evidently growth is inevitable , pain optional . All in all , Glad to be still younger than my sister !!! 
I am the luckiest girl on the planet > great family times when you least expect it !!! 
POW WOW today ! should be alot of fun . Need to remember sun screen though . Start of vacation !!! wohoo !!! 
Home from work , kicking up my feet , enjoying tossing a ball to the dog . Dogs are great = they love you no matter what kind of day you have had ! 
working on acceptance today-certainly a lesson I am getting over and over again ... What's the learning curve on this ??? 
Painted the gazebo yesterday , going to watch my niece play softball today , chillin with the fam .. 
happy to greet the night ... 
FRIDAY !!!!! 
eating!!That's what's on my mind !!! 
Yeah .. Not infective- no H1N1 
today feeling better , looking forward to the weekend , Thinking about making some homemade soup . hmmmmm 
OK- now i've decided to learn to do a few more feminine things that I wish I had learned when I was young . why is learning so easy for little people and so hard for us grownups . 
the world as i know it is in constant flux . how very wonderful and painful all at once . 
funny how i used to see my life changing before me like I was watching a movie ... Today , I feel like I am participating in my life . How wonderful !!! 
really struggling with the absurdity of my own mind . Struggling with the holidays ... again . 
beautiful morning , crisp air , sunshine ... coffee , dinner , and games with my universe . what a great way to start the week ! 
I hate when people come to work sick ... I always get it !!! 
off to the movies with my two favorite kids ! 
nude , for now ... 
feels like a reiki kinda day ! give a few , get one , life is good !!! 
Love Saturday morning breakfast with my daughter ... 
spent the day , eyes wide open , heart strong , and swallowing my pride- what a wonderful day ! Learned so much about myself today . 
anybody have the switch to turn off the chatter in my head so i could sleep ? 
practicing peaceful < PROPFEMALE > in all things dear to me . 
UGH ... the stomach virus < PROPFEMALE > has officially come to visit our home ! < PROPFIRST > greeted me tonight with all the usual symptoms . it's been a long night for both of us . wish she felt better ! pulling out the garlic to < PROPMALE > off the darn < PROPFEMALE > . hope it works for this and not just vampires ! 
well ... there is power in positive thinking ! < PROPFIRST > feeling better and I seem to have fought off the virus < PROPFEMALE > ! Ready to hop right into a beautiful Saturday !!! 
saw AVATAR- amazing scenery and special effects . Several powerful messages weaved into the story . Overall , a good show ! 
warm cup of coffee and then off to the dog park . hoepfully it is not so muddy this am ! I DO LOVE MORNINGS 
wish I could get a few hours sleep at night . I was counseled on \Good sleep Hygeine\ " and still having trouble . ugh ... " 
glad to be home ... 
Deb ... short for d'butante , a term for the subject of a coming of age event in which a young girl \makes her debut into society . \ " Often in a very formal context . Can be defined by the trained edge at which they interact with others and perhaps themselves . " 
deb : 1 . n . a sassy remark on the noticible effort another puts into their appearance/presentation . 2 . adj- the act of preparing for a big entrance . 3 . n : a work an actual debutante would use if feeling rebellious . 
constantly in amazement at the person I left behind ... 
shovelled the house and car out , now time to play in it instead ! taking the dog out for a walk ... Loving life ! 
Life is a constant state of flux . It is how I respond to the changes that makes me the woman I am . I hope that I am a loving woman filled with grace and honor . 
for all my wonderful friends braving the weather , already living at the hospital , or otherwise stressed out ... Didn't sleep in this am either . up since 5 am anyway . Guess 30 some years of working has had the last laugh ! 
ah ... the beauty of it ... My son , who was not talking to me , took the first snow shoveling shift and he and < PROPFIRST > are helping our elderly neighbor . Just when you think you messed everthing and everyone up ..... 
Well , home alone with the animals ( no not the kids ) , everyone off to grandma's to shovel her out . I am holding down the fort here at home . Time to catch my breath 
WHO LEFT THE FAUCET ON ????? 
\Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity\ " < PROPMALE > Hubbel Chapin " 
\Sometimes you need to let go of something great in order to get something really wonderful \"" 
Nice long afternoon walk with a dear friend , sunshine , dogs and kids in tow ... what a great afternoon ! Think I am starting to warm up to winter ... hmmm 
So thankful I got a < PROPMALE > to connect with a friend from Phila ... What a great morning . filled with gratitude , love , and hope . Hard to beat that !!! 
I'v done a good job of keeping busy in the daytime , nighttime however is filled with the comittee in my head . Really missing my mom tonight . feeling vunerable and like that little girl who grew up feeling all alone in this world . 
I have found that I really enjoy these vegetarian meals I have been making . Love this new cookbook I found . Amazing how my perspective changes , given enough time ... and motivation ! 
Hearing the waves crash against the surf reminds me that all I need do is show up and practice peaceful < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > , so blessed to been given the opportunity to see < PROPFEMALE > ! It was probably the best musical I have seen . Wonderful job , kudos to the entire troupe , orchestra , and crew . hugs . 
if you sent me an email in the last 4 days , you will need to resend it . my computer deleted them all as soon as I signed into my yahoo mail . UGH !!! 
even tho I am grateful , I am finding myself a < PROPMALE > intolerable- angry , frustrated , and oh so cranky . big tenth today ... 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , And the Backbeat 
enjoyed doing the autism walk yesterday@ the parkway_it was beautiful . but am paying for it today , even after cutting it short . sometimes I still think I'm invincible ! 
WHAT ARE YOU DOING FOR YOUR EARTH EVERYDAY ???? MAKE A DIFFERENCE !!! 
warming up my arms for the flight tomorrow . hope it's warmer there ! 
grateful , tired , hurting , burnt brain = much needed down time . skipping the last meeting and resting ... 
ah ... beautiful sunrise , morning meditations , and peaceful < PROPFEMALE > . it's gonna be a great day ! 
oh so cold here ... 35 this am ! 
can you say INTENSE !!! feel like I have walked into congress or something !... word for the night- CHILL !! 
think i've finally adjusted and have caught up on some sleep as I am wide awake at 3am ! 
OH --- I THINK I'M GONNA PAY FOR THIS ... 
getting ready to come home to my family and friends . 
layover in chicago ... love to people watch ! 
ugh ... lousy afternoon . feeling yucky . thankfully home bound . 
WTF ? Client had electric shut off- calls Dr for authorization to get it turned back on . Caveat- she owes $9000 . WTF ! 
tired of not feeling well ... 
just when I thought I couldn't be prouder ... kids are amazing ! and I have two I'm so damned proud of ! 
decided I need to make some tough decisions about time management . UGH- 
BLECH . . . 
Tea with a friend at perk them the Emmaus farmers market . 
Can I say what a great time I had with two wonderful friends tonight , and a lil ole band called THE LARGE FLOWERHEADS ! They really rocked Mayfair ! 
Ouch ! new I would pay for all the fun I had last night ! 
laying low today , did some housework , worked on clearing the porch so I can sit there in the mornings before work and meditate , off to a friends later for dinner and hopefully a fire !! 
If old wounds are not healed before we take a mental approach to training the mind , the feeling of monsters in the basement will forever be clawing on the cellar door , EVEN as we smile and < PROPFEMALE > against the latch . We must weave a healing story that transforms our life's experience and gives meaning to whatever pain we have endured . 
baptism today 4 a special someone and picnic to follow . fun ! 
so looking forward to the weekend ! bows , guns , woods , friends : what more could I ask for ? 
it's a wonderful thing to wake up to the birds chirping and the sounds of the earth awakening . 
good class tonight . there's nothing like seeing a light go on when you tell women they have the right of empowerment and can ask questions about the health care they recieve . 
think of my dad every day , esp today 
\I just haven't met you yet ! \"" 
Eight down four to go ! 
ok , I lost my asset list , can anyone help me start a new one ? 
JFT : feeling a bit like a lotus flower that hasn't hit the surface yet ... 
Very happy to have a wonderful reason to go shopping for some new duds and get all gussied up ! 
heading downtown for my morning wake up ! 
heading downtown < PROPFEMALE > . for my morning wakeup < PROPFIRST > ! 
have I mentioned lately just how much I love Bethlehem ?! 
now that i've been ironized , I'm thinking I should be avoiding all you magnetic personalaties ..... 
begining a new week with a renewed sense of gratitude ! 
four 
Ok , finally got to half the hedge , still more to do , but alas , not today . The heat is even too warm in the early morning , Tomorrow is another day , hope the neighbors don't mind an early start . THEN ... VACATION WEEK !!!! 
BLUEBERRY FESTIVAL !!! BONUS- < PROPFEMALE > , moe , and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Home alone . generally I like the peace and quiet , but tonight I find it somewhat of a letdown ! hmmm . 
today looks like a beautiful begining to a great week ! VACATION WEEK , no plans but will try to fit as much fun in as possible ,,, any ideas anyone ? 
grateful to have MY LIFE ! 
Hanging with the universe today ! 
Went to the pool with a good friend , kids , and my daughter . I finally got some sun in my soul , and am heading off to teach soon . So thankful for all life has provided me . 
STORM ! 
saw inception tonight with a friend , it was kinda confusing ! that combined with being tired = me losing focus . 
Wondering if everything we are doing day to day , is just busywork ? 
Home early tonight . Nice change . ;) 
trying to face today with love and grace . the choices of my past have molded me . the choices of my present define me . The choices of my future free me ! 
Sitting with my beautiful daughter on main st Bethlehem totally engaged and loving her company ! :-) 
MUSIKFEST COUNTDOWN 24 HOURS ! yeah ! 
morning paper , cup of coffee , and breakfast ... not a bad way to start the day ! 
getting ready to head to musikfest very soon . Waitin on the kid to get home ! dinner , then out the door ! catch you all there ! 
hanging at musikfest enjoying < PROPFEMALE > jones and earning my keep ! 
keep moving ... just keep moving 
awoke this morning filled with AWESOMENESS !!! 
SOGGY !!! 
What a beautiful large red sunrise this morning . 
so very grateful to be true to my spirit and stop letting fear direct my life . thanks for another life lesson ! 
I am filled with such love and gratitude for all my loving friends . Thank you all for the birthday wishes , they made my day ! What a great way to start 49 ! 
wonderful night with all my kids ! great birthday present , wonderful show ! thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . hugs 
Wonderful time with some fabulous women at the EVOLVE festival in New Jersey . Did some yoga , lots of meditation , singing bowls , and great music , and people watched . 
Heading out of town for an OB ultrasound certification . Hold down the fort y'all 
Exam over- 4*6 weeks for results . What's done . . . is done ! 
waking up in my own bed , hearing the rain gently tap on my window pane , dog curled up in a chair , priceless ... 
catching up on life . 
WTF . On my way to work driving downtown allentown when the guy in front of me is apparently enjoying his morning hummer ! At least stay in your own < PROPFIRST > ! 
Each morning I get another opportunity to decide how best to live my life with honesty and integrity . I get to choose my level of participation in life . Today ... I'm full in ! 
Home sick today , damn asthma 
no ... not well ... not well at all ! 
Usually the dining room table , if I must , on the bed . 
ooh , the afternoon is looking up ! steroids have kicked in and the antibiotics have started kicking butt ! 
sometimes ya just get blindsided !!! 
New love , spicy eggplant relish with goat cheese on whole grain flats ! YUMMY ! 
RIP JUNE . your loving soul will be dearly missed 
Could this day get any longer ? Perhaps I shouldn't ask ! 
TODAY 27YEARS AGO I WAS BLESSED WITH A BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTRR ! Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > 
up again , REALLY ?! 
lazy morning no doubt due to my peroidic insomnia ! 
Loving the beautiful Fall !!! There is just something about the crunch of the leaves and the smell of fall- trees and wood stoves , fire pits and coffee ! 
just plain ole blessed !!! 
wonderful time with friends and music ! now a day of spiritual regeneration . 
Somber morning , but , rome was not built in a day ! 
wow moe , that was beyond fantasic ! thanks . who would have thought tapping on some skins would bring such peace ! NAMASTE 
Every day presents new opportunity to do things differently . if Ivdo what I've always done , I'll get what I've always gotten ! 
REHOBOTH - BEACH- YEAH !!! 
beach , films , sunshine , good company ... need I say more ? 
moving the sis and dog to a brand new home ... 
round one and two done , only one more plus pulling out thr tools to finish up ... pne home officially moved !! 
happy gratitude day ! I am so blessed to have my health , passion for living , and friends and family to love . If you are reading this I am so grateful you are a part of my world . tell someone you love them today ! 
growth ... ugh ... wishing it was a < PROPMALE > less painful 
Life is ever fluid , constantly changing , falling into the tiniest cracks and spaces forcing us to expand and give where necessary . The change water effects can take several years to see the differences . Just like me ! 
working on positive changes ... following direction , and enjoying every moment ! 
lollipops , flying monkeys , broomsticks ... gotta love THE WIZARD OF OZ !!! 
meditative drumming ! 
THANKS MOE for a great proactive drumming session with lehigh valley drum circle ! Feeling extremely fantabulous this morning !!! 
hanging with most of the universe tonight !!! looking forward to some laughs 
not disappointed in the least ! great fun , deep belly laughs , fantabulous food , and people I LOVE !!! 
Christmas tree up and semi decorated , making vegetarian chili thanks to El !!! gonna watch a movie and relax at home for a change . 
It's all good . all my faves won something ! DINA , FLOWERHEADS , CONNIE ... THANKS FOR THE INSPIRATION ... 
DRUMMING TONIGHT !!! 
round two on the iv iron ! should be livelier soon ! 
ah ... nothing like a crisp , brisk morning to help you appreciate the day ! Where's my coffee ? 
drumming again tonight ... NUFF SAID 
exhausted , migraine hanging on , and early work tomorrow = insomnia tonight !!! 
and so the week begins ... early starts , home early !!! 
decided to sleep in this morning , REALLY ... 
mmmmm ... toasted goat cheese , turkey bacon and hot pepper jelly from the back doorbakeshop . 
making homemade wild mushroom ravioli and veggie relenos for the coming workweek 
breakfast with my two favorite kids , at blue sky ... ran into some friends , great food , together for a change , what a fabulous way to begin my day ! 
2011 ; LIFE BEGINS AT THE END OF YOUR COMFORT ZONE ! planneng on testing this out some more !! 
just when you think you are breaking even- got home and the transformer died on the heating system . after hours call plus part = $$$ . 
haircut ... traditional or a little edgy ??? 
listening in on the WDIY listener appreciation party ! 
late start today ! office opens at nine = more time for me to dig out ! 
congrats to thw BACKDOOR BAKESHOP ! Saw the morning call pic from the easton choc . soiree . Your logo stood right out !!! 
finally sprung , now I can go home . feeling much better . 
just walked the labyrinth at the church down the street- best meditation i've had all week ! 
participating in A DAY OF PEACE today ! 
really emjoying the < PROPFEMALE > of the rain on the metal porch roof . Takes me back ... 
prayers to all areas and people affected by the earthquake and tsunami . 
f% *^~#* ! 
can't wait to hear the \BHOYS\ " shortly !!! " 
I am always amazed at the pure beauty of the people I choose to include in my life !! 
the < PROPFEMALE > is vibing in Bethlehem 
A productive and love filled day spent with family , good friends , music , and mother earth ! 
Sleet and snow ... Really ??!!! 
acceptance and adaptation ... 
430am on a sunday .... really ??? 
