How did Minnesota manage to let Chicago score a touchdown like that ? Only 5 minutes left in the game , this should be interesting . 

I DONT MAKE NEW YEARS RESOLUTIONS !!!!.... \ 
I JUST IMPROVE ON PREVIOUS CONCLUSIONS ... \ 
APPLY IT TO LIFE , AND RE NEW OLD SOLUTIONS ... \ 
SO NOW I SEE THE NEW YEAR CLEAR , THROUGH A NEW RESOLUTION .... \ 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!! ~ CH 
Where would I be without my family ? When life is hard it's nice knowing there are people who will always have your back . 
iPad .... hmmmm .... I think I would have liked it better if they called it the iSlate . It's cool tho , I still want one regardless . :) 
But what about Netbooks ? “Netbooks aren’t better at ANYTHING ! They’re just like cheap laptops . ” - < PROPMALE > Jobs 
I love Darth Vader and the force within him ! 
WTF ?! 
Hope is a vigorous principle ; it is furnished with light and heat to advise and execute ; it sets the head and heart to work , and animates a man to do his utmost . And thus , by perpetually pushing and assurance , it puts a difficulty out of countenance , and makes a seeming impossibility give way . -- < PROPFIRST > Collier 
URGENT : Let it be known that the previous status message that was on my wall was NOT written by me for all those who may have read it already . I have the utmost confidence that those who truly know me , know that I would never post my personal life so blatantly like that for the entire world to see . With that said please know that all necessary actions are being taken and hopefully this issue won't arise again . 
Wow , when Toyota makes a comeback from this beating they're getting ( because they will ) , everyone will finally be able to realize just how great of a car company they really are . 
Sometimes I feel like I can't possibly fill my head with any more info than it already has ! I HATE studying for tests !!!!! 
is about to make some moolah ! 
When the lights don't glow the same way that they used to/And I finally get a moment to myself/I will realize you were everything I'm missing/And you tell me your in love with someone else/So can you do me a favor ? If I pull it together/Make it sooner than later/We won't be here forever/And I realized I waited too long but please don't move on/You don't need no one else 
Disney on Ice ! I remember when that used to be such a big deal for me . Memories ....... 
I'm already looking forward to the weekend and Monday is just starting ! 
I'm getting old 
I need to start playing Mafia Wars again . 
is 26 today and is wondering what new surprises await her this year . As long as it doesn't have anything to do with her car she's good , LOL ! 
is officially 26 as of 11:01 pm this evening and wants to thank everyone for all the many birthday wishes ! 
is wide awake now ! That was a great nap she just had ! 
I know you didnt write this I did I love you ms. monroe ..... im sorry for all the hurt i cause . 
is glad the b.s. is over with . A final sigh of relief .... now time to tackle exams . 
My head is starting to feel a little better , finally . 
I have a disdain for people who manipulate the teachings and words of the Bible just for their own benefit . Especially when it's to debase other people . 
Only days left till summer break , I really can't wait much longer . 
Too many things to think about . 
The word for today is \surprises . \ " The rest of this year will only get more interesting . " 
Nothing but < PROPFEMALE > Keys for the next few days . 
Not so much to think about anymore . It's all about finals now . 
In order to survive , we cling to all we know and understand . And we label it reality . But knowledge and understanding are ambiguous . That reality could be an illusion . All humans live with the wrong assumptions . 
The nail that sticks out gets pounded down . -Chinese Proverb 
Every moment hesitated is a moment gone from life . 
< PROPFEMALE > Monae - Tightrope ft . BigBoi , The Game - 400 Bars , B.o.B. - 5th Dimention ft . Ricco Barrino , T-Pain - Kiss Her , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > - Super High ft . Ne-Yo Trae Tha Truth - Inkredible ft . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and Lil ' < PROPMALE > , Ludacris - Rollercoaster ft . < PROPFEMALE > and Dru Hill , Young Joc - Drip ft . Lil ' < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > - Superbad ft . Cee-lo , < PROPFEMALE > Milian - My Bloody < PROPFIRST > 
Rotimi - Already Know ft . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , PTK - Feel Good ft . Doe Boy , < PROPFIRST > Fiasco - I'm Breamin ' , < PROPFIRST > Foxx - Winner ft . < PROPFIRST > Timberlake & T.I. , < PROPFEMALE > Keys - So Simple , < PROPFEMALE > Keys - Wreckless Love , < PROPFEMALE > Keys - Unthinkable ( I'm Ready ) , Yo Gotti - Women Lie , Men Lie ft . Lil ' < PROPMALE > , Lil ' < PROPMALE > - Drop the World ft . Eminem , Requiem Overture ( from The Two Towers ) 
Johann Pachelbel - Canon in D , < PROPFIRST > Barber - Adagio for strings , Op . 11 , Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart - O , Fortuna , Nobuo Uematsu - Those Who Fight/Battle in the Forgotten City 
Ok , I'm done listening to music for the next few hours . 
The greatest danger could be your stupidity . 
I wish I could get a tax refund every month instead of once a year . 
< PROPFIRST > Bieber . Something about this kid really bothers me . 
I'm craving chocolate chip cookies with a tall glass of milk , and an Oreo McFlurry . I need one or the other NOW ! 
needs a new iPod . 
Last day of classes ! I made it , intact and with my sanity !!! 
iphone , ps3 , or xbox ? Decisions , decisions 
Aaaargh !!! There's something wrong with speakers in my car and I'm not happy about it !!!! 
I need to go to bed now . 
So what if your bleeding ?! Blood cleanses the soul !!! Quit being a b***h Verajao !!!!!! WTF !!!! 
THE CAVS ARE GIVING ME A MIGRAINE RIGHT NOW !!!!!!!! 
Breathe and regroup , breathe and regroup , now is not the time for panic mistakes . 
WOW , REALLY ?! REALLY ?! REALLY THO ? I MEAN REALLY THO ? SERIOUSLY ?! 
THESE BITCH ASSES AREN'T EVEN TRYING !!!!!!!!!! 
Ummmm .... yeah soooooo , Lebron should probably remove \The Chosen One\ " right now ! " 
I had a really great day today ! Redemption ! 
Getting ready for that 6am workout ... this is going to be rough !!! 
I must say , kudos to Ford , there was no way in the world I would ever drive a Taurus , but the 2010 is very impressive , talk about reinvention ! 
I can't wait until the day I can afford a $100 , 00+ car ! It's coming ....... 
Maaan , you come right out of a comic book . ~ Jim < PROPFIRST > in Enter The Dragon 
Honesty is sooooo underrated and often overlooked . It's crazy how much fear people have of honesty and the truth . How can you run from the truth ? Why would you want to try ? Why would you accept living in a fog of lies ? 
Time to sleep 
Oh yeah , and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > \GOT KNOCKED THE F *** OOOOUUUTTT !!!! \ " Poor guy ! " 
Weird day today . 
There's something funny going on here ..... I need to be paying closer attention to things . 
I love the sun ! So why does the forecast for today have to be thunderstorms :( 
Oh you's a corn fed fool with a lot of muscle maaaasss , but it's time for Bullhorn to get up in a that aaaaaasssssss ! -Black Dynamite , this movie is too funny . 
Yeah , Kobe's the best player in the NBA right now ... only until D-Wade takes over , which will hopefully be soon ! 
Is it just me or did Kobe seem a little perplexed during his post-game interview ? 
Mafia Wars is so foreign to me now . 
LoL , I forgot how much fun Mafia Wars is ! I'm back in the game ! 
I'm sick of women singing about broke men . Sick of men singing about loose women , sick of award shows , sick of name-brand clothes ... from this moment forth I stand as the antithesis of black popular culture !! I am the ANTI-COOL !! I hereby declare myself ...... A NERD !! ~ Huey from THE BOONDOCKS 
On Christmas he replaces God , diverting attention from spirituality to greed , which is what drives the Illuminati's ability to control the world's economy in ways I'm only beginning to comprehend !... ' He sees you when you're sleeping , he knows when you're awake . ' Sounds like ' Big Brother ' to me . The only thing left is a connection to < PROPFIRST > Bush . ALL conspiracies connect to < PROPFIRST > Bush one way or another ... \ < PROPMALE > " 
( sigh ) one more day until the release of the iphone 4 and I definitely WON'T be getting one .... I'm very disappointed . 
Just watched the Drake documentary Better Than Good Enough on MTV , it was alright , MTV could have done better , too many commercial brakes , they should have added more content . 
Drake and Coldplay : October's Very Cold ....... I'm loving it . 
The moment a lot of you have been waiting for . I've finally posted the photo album of where the trees fell on my car . Enjoy !!!!! 
The track ball on my Blackberry is giving me serious grief !!! I need a touchscreen ASAP !!! 
WOW ! My dad is the greatest ! So he already found me another car , but no one will tell me what it is ! Time to get some sleep so I can be ready for this drive I'll be making in the next 7 hours ! 
My new whip is soooooooo badass !!!!! 
I hate ants . 
So the consensus is that Kobe is OFFICIALLY the best player in the league . And this is coming from the nearly 100+ posts I've been reading all over the net . 
Finally got my hands on the iPhone 4 . Used the death grip , only lost 2 bars !!! Seriously ? All of this fuss for what ? 
I'm really in the mood to watch some old cartoons . 
Shawt Bus Shawty on YouTube is hilarious !!!! 
Loose lips sink ships 
Inspector Gadget was the ULTIMATE engineer ! 
I really need to see Inception . 
Whore pit vipers ! - < PROPFEMALE > Rivers 
I'ma smash his head and eat it ! -CT , Inferno II 
Drake - Young Sweet Jones . I think I like this better than Thank Me Later . 
I mean , I just want to be a billionaire . 
The world is iPhone vs . everybody else . -random blogger on Forbes.com 
The\ 
biggest problem with the American political system isn't politicians , \ 
it's apathetic citizens that base voting decisions on sound bites rather\ 
than substantive issues . - < PROPFIRST > Artis 
Tomorrow is payday !!!!! FINALLY !!!!!!!!! 
is watching Kick-Ass and loving every bit of it !!!!!!! 
\striving for less than you can achieve and \ 
Just finished watching the rest of Kick-Ass ; Hit Girl is a BEAST !!!!!!! 
is about to watch the new episode of True Blood ! 
Where's a nice huge piece of chocolate cake when you need it ? 
These taxes are irritating the crap out of me !!!!!! Why won't they just go away !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm ready for a new camera . 
I feel sick , too much mountain dew and chocolate .... too much sugar period ! 
Finally filled the fridge !!!!!!! FOOOOOOOOD !!!! YAAAAAAAAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
I found the book for $110 !!! So much better than having to pay $170 + tax . 
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice . \ 
-- < PROPMALE > Cosby 
I need to go to sleep . 
Seriously tho , I am so tired of the mirror photos . Just get a real camera and use the timer setting if you want to take a picture of yourself ! 
I hate being tested .... I wish exams weren't necessary . 
is trying to be productive . 
It's only been 3 Years look at how I've grown\ 
I'm just in my zone , I call this shit the calm\ 
Yea , but I'm the furthest thing from calm\ 
Dedicated to my mom , and I swear my word is bond\ 
Everything will be ok and it won't even take that long\ 
You can see it in my face or even read it on my palm\ 
Leader of the new school it's proven and it's known\ 
I'm sittin ' in a chair but in the future it's a throne 
is getting prepared for what is about to be an intense weekend . 
\Watch instantly\ " on netflix is one of my new favorite things ! " 
Not sure how I should feel about Lebron's new commercial . 
Now that I've had to time to sit back and ponder ... I actually really like thermodynamics . 
Last night was EPIC ! Man down !!! 
I missed my flight .... damn . 
Hmmmm ...... not sure what to say about this election . 2012 is going to be an intense year . 
I was played , all that collecting for nothing !!!!! 
Permanence , perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles , discouragement , and impossibilities : It is this , that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak” - < PROPFIRST > Carlyle\ 
In Loving Memory of < PROPFEMALE > Murphy ... RIP 
Kanye West is NOT a bad boy ! Please stop giving him attention ! All he wants is attention !!! 
30 tons of marijuana seized ; street value : 20 million dollars ! Somewhere in Mexico someone is very extremely absolutely pissed !!!!!!!! 
Bad habits die hard ... fml 
Walked out the movie theater and there was the snow falling in my face ... I'm so not ready for this !!! 
Please , please , pleeeeease go see Due Date ! Hilarious !!!! 
Baby I'm begging baby I'm begging begging baby !..... I forgot how much I liked Jodeci 
Anyone who gave Due Date a bad rating is a wet blanket !!! 
Finally saw Inception , < PROPFIRST > is so hot ! 
I can't stand people who want to be a**holes for the sake of being one . Get a life !!! 
Anybody ordering the Pacquiao v < PROPMALE > fight tonite ? 
It can feel very safe when you're surrounded by people just like you . But it wouldn't be a very stimulating environment . 
Having a diverse group of people think about any given subject will elicit more innovative ideas than a homogeneous group of people sitting and considering the same problem . So diversity is a requirement for us to excel . 
\My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy + Friday Night Lights = Great work weekend . \ " -Nsi O . " 
I need to take this coursework more seriously , if this is going to be my profession , I need to know this shit inside and out . A valuable lesson learned from yesterday's interview . 
Aaaargh , I used too much water for my ramen , now I can't taste all the flavor !!!! So disappointed right now !!!!! 
I can't help but to feel a certain way when a < PROPFEMALE > player of team says he played too many minutes . Really ? Since when is playing too many minutes an excuse ? If your team is losing you should be wanting to be in the game as much as possible grinding it out to bring home a W . I don't do excuses . 
this headache is starting to come back 
Genius , I feel , is a term that gets thrown around too often and is too easily applied to the wrong people . 
< PROPFIRST > Electronica - The Announcement 
Black Milk - Deadly Medley 
I'm so ready for Wednesday to be here ! 
Just let it go 
For real though , just let it go 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > - Anytime Anyplace ( R . < PROPFIRST > Remix ) 
If I'm not updating my fb status then I'm tweeting , if I'm not just talking over the phone , I'm FaceTiming over the phone , if I'm not text messaging , I'm voice messaging . I think it's funny that I'm saying this , but there's too many modes of communication , I can't keep up ... #overload ..... LOL ! 
History Channel's Top Gear is my new favorite show ! 
This day is almost over , YES ! I'll be able to breathe again !!!!! 
I've come to realize that the vast majority of people simply don't know how to listen . It's extremely frustrating , and seriously impedes progress . 
I like the new \Questions\ " feature that facebook has added . " 
Lebron and the Heat smashed the Cavs ... Damn ... but did you see the way Mo dissed Lebron when Lebron was trying to talk to him ? Classic ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > - < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > - Family Reunion 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > - Not Like Crazy 
Amerie - Paint Me Over 
Bout to beast this AMC exam ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6 . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
Tale Spin , Duck Tales , Chip n < PROPFIRST > , Darkwing Duck ! How did I forget about these cartoons ! Classics !!!!! 
Whoa , I just realized I've been up 24 hours ! Do I really have that much adrenaline going through me because of finals that the thought of sleep didn't even creep up on me ? 
Can't wait to get Monday over with !!! It'll be 2 down with 2 more to go !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Minaj - Fly 
< PROPFEMALE > Minaj - Did It On Em 
Why do people need a game to ask someone a question they wouldn't otherwise ask ? If you wanna get real and know what the hell I think of you just ask me when the thought comes to you . WTF ?! 
T.I. - Amazing ft . Pharrell\ 
This is why I love The Neptunes ! 
R . < PROPFIRST > - Go Low 
Listening to R . < PROPFIRST>'s Untitled for the first time ; this album is much better than I was expecting ! 
R . < PROPFIRST > - Pregnant ft . Tyrese , < PROPFIRST > Thicke , The-Dream\ 
I love < PROPFIRST > Thicke in this song ! His voice !!!! Aaaaaaah !!! 
Lykke < PROPFEMALE > - A < PROPFEMALE > ttle Bit ft . Drake 
The Green Lantern trailer ... HOT ! Transformsers 3 trailer ... HOT ! Tron Legacy trailer ... HOT ! Ip Man 2 trailer ... HOT !!! I'm sooooo excited !!!! 
Still not sure how I feel about this new < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > album . 
if i had a < PROPMALE > for another try i wouldn't change a thing ; it's made me all of who i am inside . and if i could , thank God , that i'm here and that i am alive . and everyday i wake i tell myself a little harmless lie : THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD IS MINE . \ 
-rite of spring . - 
\It is sometimes better to boggle the mind than to mind the boggle . \ " \ 
American Ninja Warrior is not nearly as hard as the original Ninja Warrior . 
2:30 - 3:30 pm Interview , 5-10pm Work(Finish Line ) , 11:50 -8am Work(On Campus ) , 9-11am Interview , 3-9pm Work(Finish Line ) ..... This is my schedule for the next 33 hours ! #GRIND 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status 
Hoping 2010 ends on a high note 
Lunar eclipse is happening right now ! Part of the < PROPFEMALE > is already starting to be covered ! 
I finished my last midnight-8am shift !!!! YESSSSSS !!!!! 
Despicable Me , slice of chocolate cake , and a glass of milk ... great way to spend Christmas Eve/Christmas morning . 
Watching Beauty and the Beast with mom and sister . I forgot how good this movie was ! 
I'm ready for something to eat . Preferably something sweet . Like chocolate cake , or pound cake , or apple pie , or strawberry punch bowl cake ... mmmmmmmmmm , good ! 
Why get a 267mph car for $1.7 million when I can get a 257mph car for $0.6 million ? I've said it before and I'll say it again , the Veyron is overrated . 
I just love those days when I can get a relaxer ! I always feel like a million bucks ! LoL ! 
This wireless keyboard that I got for my < PROPMALE > is easily the BEST Christmas gift ! I love this thing !!! 
For real though ?! I just bust my ass for two weeks doing nothing but graveyard shifts and I only get $14.18 ?! I only get paid for 2 hours ?! WTF ?!?!? 
So how about I scheduled myself from 4-midnight tonight and from midnight-8 tomorrow morning . I unknowingly scheduled myself for a 16 hour shift ?! Who does that ?! Thank goodness I got that taken care of quickly ! 
So my sister is out kicking it with Dru Hill ?! WTF ! She gets to have all the fun ! 
\Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
Infinity Blade is addictve , just played it for the last 4 hours ! 
A woman laughing is a woman conquered . - < PROPMALE > 
1/1/11 ; 1/11/11 ; 11/1/11 ; 11/11/11 ..... I can only imagine the hundreds of engaged women who were probably fighting to have these wedding dates , lol ! 
Just found out that I WON'T be getting paid this week ... DAMN .... that's some hurtful news . 
This week isn't going fast enough !!!!! 
CHIPOTLE !!!!! 
I'm nervous and excited at the same time . 
So I definitely just took a serious spill on some ice on the walkway leading to my front door , and cut my hand in the process ! No one saw me so everything's all good , lol ! 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't repost this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too . Thank you for your help !!! 
A new f***ing zodiac ? So now I'm a Pisces instead of an Aries ? It's been all these years and NOW you want to talk about the Earth's axis pointing in a different direction ? And what's with this new sign , Ophlucus ? That's ugly ! When asked what sign they are , who wants to say \Ophlucus\ " ?! WTF ?!?! " 
The day I finally get my check I get a big ass < PROPMALE > from AT&T ... damn . 
I need a cup of tea . 
I'm craving a Hostess Cupcake right now ! 
It's official ! I've got my cupcakes , my glass of milk , and Netflix ! A great way to have a relaxing Saturday night !!!! 
Do you already , enough with the complainin , boo hoos , already\ 
Eat food , already\ 
Ain't nothing given , gotta claim your shoes , already\ 
~ Jay-Z 
I'm tired of everyone acting like it's really the best thing ever now that Verizon has the iPhone . If their network is really that much better why won't they let you talk on the phone and surf the net at the same time right at launch ? Am I the only one that remembers how Verizon associates were bashing the iPhone and how it didn't have a replaceable battery , as if that really mattered ? I can't stand bandwagoners ... 
I love my job ! 
I'm mad this Takers movie got < PROPFIRST > Brown looking like he's some type of Olympic decathlete ! 
Why is Best Buy selling Snuggies ? Furthermore , why is Best Buy selling yoga mats and work out gloves ? I mean I get that someone might want that stuff if they plan on curling up on the couch to watch some new thriller that just released or maybe they just got a new yoga dvd , but can't they just drive down the street to a Wal-Mart ? I don't want to see that crap in my Best Buy ... 
\Seek ye knowledge from the womb to the tomb . \ " ~ Robert < PROPFIRST > " 
The Magic Trackpad is HOT !!!! 
I'm finally home after leaving the house at 7:45 this morning ! Now time to see what music I can blast to drown out the sounds of my rowdy neighbors upstairs . 
I wonder how much Reebok paid < PROPFEMALE > Vergara to go on that rant about the EasyTones while she was being interviewed on the red carpet at the < PROPFEMALE > Globes last weekend . Or was she making an attempt to secure herself an endorsement deal ? Either way it was annoying as hell . 
The Millenium Trilogy is the best trilogy I've seen in a LONG time ! 
Imagine my surprise when I received a paycheck for the second week in a row , my job neglected to tell me they were paying me every week . This is a new experience ... I like it ... a lot :-) 
Spartacus 
Uuugh , so I just found out that the < PROPFEMALE > of Spartacus is no longer apart of the series altogether !!! They're casting someone new so that they can < PROPFEMALE > t filming for the second season . SMH . So disappointed !!!! 
Reading THE APPLE WAY-12 Management Lessons from the World's Most Innovative Company ... interesting so far ... 
It's 8:04 , I'm supposed to be at work at 8 and I'm still stuck in front of my apartment building ! Where the hell is maintenance !!!!! 
I really don't feel like going back out to do laundry ... I need to get an apartment with washer/dryer hookups . 
I really need to get my hacker skills up 
An important thing to remember when stuck in the snow , backwards then forwards , build that momentum . Don't crank your engine thinking sheer horsepower is going to work , you CAN overheat the tire and cause it to pop . Now your stuck in the snow AND you have a flat . 
Facebook is NOT my friend , it's absolutely ridiculous how much time gets wasted by being on here !!!! 
It's crazy how this Daily Horoscope thing is so dead on , like almost ALL the time !!!!!! 
I have nothing to do and everything to do . 
We don't underestimate people .... Rather than making a far inferior product for a hundred dollars less , we gave the people the product that they want and that will serve them for years , even though it's a little pricier . People are smart ; they figure these things out . ~ Steve Jobs 
Had a GREAT weekend ! Ready to tackle another work week ! 
Nothing like sushi and chocolate covered strawberries to close out the day . Now I can go to sleep happy ! 
Those Lobsteritas from Red Lobster are the best ! 
This is war !!! I don't know what kind of animal it is but this is the LAST DAMN TIME I'm cleaning piss off my front door !!! My apartment is too small to be having this smell float around like this !!!! 
One of my neighbors thinks he's a drummer ... but he's not , his attempt at beat making needs to end now ! 
Can someone pleeeeeeez explain to me why Disney is coming out with all these new movies and has YET to release a sequel to the Incredibles ?! WTF ?!?!?!?! 
Academy Awards are tomorrow , which means a great episode of fashion police with < PROPFIRST > Rivers afterwards ! 
< PROPFIRST > Kardashian is trying to launch a singing career ? Is this true or just a rumor ? Please tell me it's just a rumor . 
I hate when people say dumb stuff just because . 
I'm at work wishing I was back home in bed ... 
12 hours have gone by and I'm finally feeling better ! YESSSS !!! This has been the LONGEST day ever !!! 
My neighbors are driving me FUCKING CRAAAAZY !!!!!! This dude is the WORST FUCKING SINGER EVER !!!!!!!!! And the drum machine NEEDS TO GO !!!!! Aaaaaaaargh !!!!!!! 
Uuugh !!! I though we were all done with snow ! Every time I get hopeful the weather always manages to sweep it right away !!! 
Feeling the urge to see I Am Number Four again ... I'm surprised at how much I enjoyed it ! 
The moment I've been waiting for ! < PROPFIRST>'s new single ! On another note , it's nice to finally see The-Dream without his shades on . 
And just as I presumed , < PROPFIRST > can NOT sing ! Why would Dream waste a beat on her voice ?! 
I have a problem with professors who don't seem to understand their purpose as an educator . Your getting paid off your students ' tuition . Show some appreciation please . 
Sigh , I have my computer back , my vacation is officially over ... 
This Chipotle needs to be the best I've ever tasted it . I don't want this long ass wait to be worth EVERY MINUTE !!!! 
It's Saturday and no more Sex and the City to watch . What am I going to do with myself ? 
Delay is the antidote for anger . 
Daylight Saving Time !!!! Don't forget to re-set your clocks tonight !!!! 
It's not the load that breaks you down , it's the way you < PROPFEMALE > it . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Horne 
It takes time to realize one's ideals . Impatience makes one lose sight of his surroundings and invites failure . -Tsuchikage 
There are many things given to us in this life for the wrong reasons . What we do with such blessings , that is the true test of a man . -Gannicus 
Love Always Shines Everytime : Remember to Smile ....... LASERS , good album 
Quake moved Japan 8 feet and shifted the Earth's axis !!!..... #EPIC 
I need a nap 
TIPOFF !!!!!!! O STATE O STATE O STATE !!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > folks ; this is kid is a PRO ! I mean a PRO'S PRO ! \ 
~ the commentator 
\Bonnie and < PROPFIRST > vs . Dracula\ " ??? Someone seriously thought that would be a great idea for a movie ???? WTF ?!?!?! " 
These dudes want to mine for gold , but they're all too dumb to get a wave table to work so that they can separate the gold from sand . How hard is to read an instruction < PROPMALE > ?!?! 
He's a skiier ! She's a boarder ! But we don't have to feud ! That's right . Cat people , dog people , we all look the same way nude . Good point ..... Eat Arby's fooo o-o oood , it's good mood fooooood !!! Yeah , I like that commercial , lmao !!!! 
I'm epic win . I push the limit , every time ........ no pain , no pain . 
Companies need to re-think innovation in the context of “doing well by doing good . ” More than three-quarters of executives said they believe the greatest innovations of the 21st century will be those that address human needs , such as improved health and environmental quality , better energy security and increased access to education ... it’s clear that innovation for profit alone simply won’t cut it today . 
AT&T purchases T-Mobile USA for $39 BILLION !!!!!! That's a LOT of money !!!!!!! 
BUCKEYES ALL THE WAAAAAAAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Nap time !!! Sadly I have to work . This calls for a coffee break !!!! 
I'm not sure how I should feel about there being a Matrix 4 and 5 , and both being in 3D ; although , something tells me that if it's the Wachowskis involved it's sure to take 3D to a whole other level . 
I have so much to do . 
I'm afraid that this is going to be a long night , which sucks cuz tomorrow is going to be an even longer night !!! #HAM ! 
Just touched down in St. < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
11:01 !!! I'm officially 27 !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > in St. < PROPFIRST > !! Going hard !!! #HAM 
OMG ! Wa < PROPMALE > up in a < PROPMALE > size bed in the Presidential suite feels sooooooooooooo good !!!! 
On my way back home !!! I hate sitting in the middle seat :( 
I need to hurry up and do my taxes ! 
Everything is everything ! ... that's why knowledge of self is knowledge of others ... we are all droplets in an ocean ... all u see is the ocean but we forget the ocean is made up of droplets ! -Derrell Relo Williamson 
Work is over ! Now the only critical questions I have to worry about fo the next 48 hours is what to eat , what movie to watch and when to go to sleep . :-) 
3:26 !!! I'm up and ready to get my day started !!!!! :-) 
Oh boy ! Steak bowl with double steak !!! This thing is loaded , feel how heavy it is ? 
The first morning that actually feels like spring !!!! 
nap time 
I just woke up from my nap ... time to eat !! 
Grrrr .... I'm awake , and not happy about it .... Tuesday is NOT going to be a good work day ! 
kid named Silent so he can be himself , kid named Ever so she has good health , kid named Stupid so he do what he does but Kid Original named to be what never was\ 
-courtesy of Tripp < PROPMALE > 
Sasuke's a beast ! 
Beyonce on twitter : I wish falling in love had traffic lights , so that I would know if I should go for it , slow down , or just STOP ....... trick you're married ! Don't be talking about this stuff now !! 
No , I refuse to be sucked into the abyss known as facebook for another night !..... I'll just go and get sucked into the abyss known as Naruto instead ! Only a few more chapters to go ........ LoL ! 
\It's the first time that Samehada has grown this large . Don't you too think it's a weird way to show happiness ? \ " ............ o_O ........... LMAO ! Really ? Naruto sure has grown up ! LOL !!! " 
I hate junk mail . 
Talent is a flame . Genius is a fire . 
I'm tired of bucket lists . 
Underrated , never faded . 
\There is real magic in enthusiasm . It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Peale " 
Wealth is not trickling down , Poverty is trickling up ............ ~ Russ Simmons 
Seriously though , I know I'm a chick , and I consider myself to be every bit as much of a woman as the next , but does that mean that all I'm interested in is f***ing lip gloss , blush and mascara ?! I mean damn , can I like motorcycles ? Can I read WIRED magazine if I want to ? Can I know some shit about computers ? WHAT THE F*** !!!! 
To help ease the financial burden our country is experiencing right now , I vow to stop throwing away pennies . - jennakimjones 
All these apps for productivity and note taking but the thoughts just don't flow unless it's pen to paper . 
\Rappers are no more sexist racist or homophobic then their parents and they aren't as gangster as this government\ " - < PROPMALE > Simmons " 
Time to brainstorm ..... I need solutions 
Okay , so either the people living above me are watching a porno on high volume or someone is really getting it on with their girlfriend ... either way I'm NOT enjoying it , lol !!! 
\Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch\ " \ 
A hundred men may make an encampment , but it takes a woman to make a home . -Chinese Proverbs 
I'm missing out on so much . Road trip definitely happening sometime soon . Looking forward to Philly and NYC ! 
< PROPFIRST > Fiasco - Say Somethin Enemy of the State Mixtape , < PROPFIRST > kills it ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Bad video has me dying every time I see it ! Of all his videos this is by far the most comical !!!! 
I need some feedback . Anybody know anything about the Insanity workout ? How's it stack up to P90X and Crossfit ? 
Just got off the plane !!! So happy to be in this Florida weather !!!! 
Yeeeeessss , for < PROPFEMALE > and her < PROPFIRST > McQueen dress ! She def gets the Baddest B **** of the Year Award !!!! 
For real though ?! Cop from another city in Florida pulls up to the club in Tallahassee IN the sheriff's vehicle dressed in his club clothes and gets into the lot for free ! Wow !! 
You might eat , but you don't sleep . It's graduation week ! 
< PROPMALE > wedding on Friday , sister's graduation on Saturday , announcement of Bin Laden's death on Sunday .... this has been the most jampacked weekend ever ! Speaking for myself only , lol ! 
Struggling to stay awake and keep my brain working .... Why on earth did I think that after a weekend of partying in Florida , I would be able to arrive back at home at 1am Monday morning and still be able to go to work at 8am ??? I should have requested the day off !!! 
My man just text me \Osama Bin Dead\ " I don't know if it was a typo or if he trying to be funny . -cthagod " 
I swear if Obama turned water into wine his critics would accuse him of being alcoholic . That's why as satisfying as it may be to have brought an end to the bin Laden nightmare , the Democrats need to move on and get back to work because their opposition already has . -LZ Granderson 
Please be discriminating about the hiphop you listen to . -Joell Ortiz 
Commonsense is so rare it should be classified as a superpower . ( so true ) 
The best part about being in the south is getting to see them boldly put 20's on ANY car imaginable . 
Due to rush hour Pandora has just become my new favorite app . 
Saw Thor , one of the few < PROPFEMALE > movies done right ! 
Two wrongs don't make a right , but two Wrights make an airplane ! DAYTON , OHIIIIIIIIOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > and the Mavericks are in that zone right now ! Probably one of the best feelings in the world ! 
Every man needs a woman when his life is a mess .... cause the < PROPFEMALE > protects the < PROPMALE > , just like in a game of chess . -so damn true 
It's Bone and Biggie Biggie , it's Bone and Biggie Biggie , it's Bone and Biggie Biggie , it's Bone and Biggie Biggie ..... let's ride , let's ride , let's ride ..... 
I want to see Thor again .... the scene with his shirt off was nice ! 
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
She got a light skin friend look like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , got a dark skin friend look like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > .... 
\I like to think of myself as a ' political atheist ' . I don't believe in any politicians . \ " -ispeakswag " 
Being better than before is better than being the best . 
No one on the corner have swagga like us , swagga like us , swagga swagga like us .... 
“It sounds like playing the gender card , but it’s true : People still aren’t comfortable with women in positions of power and authority , and that’s because we haven’t been there enough , ” ~ Katie Couric 
Not trying to step on the toes of anyone's faith , but when people hear the world is going to end on May 21st what part of them feels so absolutely compelled to believe this ?..... 
Rock the boat rock the boat rock the boat rock the boat , work the middle work the middle work the middle work middle , change position new position new position new position , work it for me ....... 
Funny how after my c o-o p some of the technical jargon in Terminator has a whole new meaning , lol !! 
Funny what one alcohol filled night can do to someone's social circle . It never fails . 
Sigh , so they're using an iPad in Law and Order : CI ? Since when did they start doing product placement ? And when did cops get that hi-tech ? 
I'm so not liking how this episode of Law and Order is soooo trying to imitate the whole < PROPFIRST > Sheen fiasco . 
You'd get it , if you focused . 
Just finished calculating how much I've spent on fast food over the last 5 months ... I want to cry . If spent half the money on real food from the grocery store I'd be 15 lbs . lighter right now ! 
This Lady Gaga album is a HUGE disappointment 
To lead the people , walk behind them . -Lao Tzu 
So I think my new neighbor might be a poo-putt 
There are certain brands that I make it a point to never invest in , < PROPFIRST > Vuitton is one of them . 
Occasionally I forget how valuable facebook can be . 
Every player can't be MVP , but even bench players get rings . Play your role . -TGTC 
Success is like being pregnant ... Everybody congratulates you , but nobody knows how many times you were f**ked before you got there . LOL ! \ 
-ispeakswag 
Spring cleaning : Finding a whole lot of random crap and asking yourself what does this go to ? 
Let's go Mavericks ! Let's go ! 
Going to Miami to sell \Decision Accomplished\ " t-shirts . I should be a millionaire by the end of the #NBAFinals . -lance330 ...... funny " 
So anxious 
Never be afraid to do something new . Remember , amateurs built the ark ; professionals built the titanic . -uncharted 
I have the best mom in the world ! 
Where is the < PROPFIRST > defense ? 
< PROPMALE > lost the ball !!!!! YES !!!! Deuce-Duece ! On to game 5 !!!!! 
Just saw trailers for the new Twisted Metal ... now's the time to get a PS3 , LoL 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars : The Old Republic , and a new SSX ? Yes ! 
I need to know a spot in Akron that does a good job HAND washing cars and will also shampoo the interior .... my car is filthy and today is a good day to get him all cleaned up . 
\Hustle\ " is very easily one of my favorite words . " 
Who's the more foolish ? The fool or the fool who follows him ? -Yoda 
So caught up in < PROPMALE > totally forgot there was an NBA Finals game on tonight ! 
Eggs and grits , mmmmmm 
Certain thoughts are prayers . There are moments when , whatever be the attitude of the body , the soul is on its knees . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
I'm so annoyed that fb won't allow the name change I want to make to my profile . 
I'm also annoyed that fb feels the need to constantly give me ads related to whatever I post on my profile . I feel like I'm being watched . 
Sooooooooooo , I'm finally watching this Single Ladies episode ; I feel some sort of way about it , not sure exactly what that is though . 
< PROPMALE > is ridiculous ! 
10 point lead ! Mavs for the win !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > KIDD HAS A RING !!!!..... FINALLY !!!! 
Teamwork makes the dream work ! TEAMwork !!!! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was born May 6 , 1945 . The Nazis surrendered May 7 , 1945 . Coincidence ? I think not . -ispeakswag 
Buying a new car is functionally equivalent to buying a used car and then paying an exorbitant sum of money to have it cleaned ..... LOL ! 
I'm soooooo pissed my camera broke !!!!! 
Holding on to anger is a poison ... It will eat you away from the inside . \ 
-uncharted 
Sometimes the things you complain most about , are things you care most about . Unfortunately , we don't always know that until it's too late . 
Missing someone isn't about how long it's been since you have last seen them or the amount of time it has been since you last talked . It's about that very moment when you are doing something and you wish that they were right there with you . -Unknown 
I know this is waaaay after the fact , but when talking about the Heat in Game 6 people always want to talk about how LeBron did nothing . I mean honestly though , he had the most points that game and I don't even consider him the better player when compared to < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > only had 17 , in my mind < PROPMALE > didn't show up . 
It's become very apparent to me that the people of Akron are very fond of Jaguars and Bentley Continentals .... 
YEEEEEESSSSSSSS FOR DAYTON , OH REPPIN ' IN THE NBA !!!!! ANOTHER FAIRVIEW/DUNBAR STUDENT GOES PRO !!!!!!! 
I was raised to say please and thank you , to have respect for my elders , lend a helping hand to those who were in need , to hold the door for the person behind me , say excuse me when it was needed , and to love people for who they are , not for what you can get from them . I was taught to treat people the way that I wanted to be treated . 
To create something great , you need the means to make a lot of really bad crap . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
As much as we sometimes roll our eyes at the ivory-tower isolation of universities , they continue to serve as remarkable engines of innovation . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Throwback pics on the way . Enjoy ! 
I'm sorry but JoJo's version of < PROPMALE>'s Room is better than Drake's . Her voice beats Drake's bass line any day . 
Thank you Apple for iSync ! LoL ! 
If you can't do something smart , do something right . -Shepherd 
The creative act is no longer about building something out of nothing but rather building something new out of cultural products that already exist . - < PROPFIRST > tanz 
I like how these non-drivers back their cars into the parking space in the parking garage and end up hitting their bumpers against the concrete wall . I guess they'll be visiting a paint shop in the near future , lol ! 
True visionaries are rarely understood in their own time . 
I just rediscovered how great search engines are ! 
WANG ..... DEEP WANG ! DEEP WANG ! - < PROPFIRST > Wang , Transformers 3 
It's become increasingly evident that Chicago is the NEW New York ! \ 
The new great American city ! Sorry Yankees ! 
According to the most interesting man in the world , I shouldn't begin a conversation with \hola\ " unless I plan on having the entire conversation in spanish . What about ending with \ " adios \"?" 
State law passed for firearms to be carried in bars now .... no bueno .... alcohol and guns do NOT mix !!! 
Atkins diet helps dogs lose weight too . 
Testosterone supplementation improves brain function . 
The \Heartbeat Law\ " ... will piss a lot of people off . " 
The ones that live for tomorrow get f***ed by the ones living for today . \ 
-Cha Tae-sik 
Falling Skies !!! 
Craving Hostess Cupcakes !!! Chocolate with cream filling !!! 
For most , facebook brings out that hidden narcissist .... 
I confess that I have been as blind as a mole , but it is better to learn wisdom late than never to learn it all . -Sherlock Holmes 
Dumb ass fly ! I open the door for you but you fly inside instead of going out ! 
And what's more annoying than a fly ? My neighbors playing this stupid drum game on their Wii/Xbox/PS3 !!! Nothing but drumming and horrible singing , for HOURS !!!!! 
If only I could have discovered freerunning when I was much younger . I'm too old to get into it now . :( 
The idle mind is the devil's playground . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
What to eat ..... 
Too much reading to catch up on .... 
So the recession ended two years ago ? Interesting .... 
What to eat ... 
Got my camera back ! It's new again !!! YES !!!! 
Vibin ' to the music , this is how we do it all night . /Breezin ' down the freeway just me and my baby in our ride . /Just me and my boss , no worries at all . /Listening to the Infiniti music , music .... 
I have a small but powerful circle . -MP 
Imitation is the highest form of flattery/ but shows a limitation of originality/ it's better to fail at being yourself/ than to succeed by copying someone else- < PROPMALE > 
\I don't have any enemies .... just individuals who have misconceptions about me\ " - < PROPMALE > G . " 
It costs $ 600,000 a day to make 140,000 dollar coins . 600,000 dollars to make 140,000 dollars ?? Ummmm , what was that I was hearing about national debt ? 
Music = relief 
So far it's been a week with Google+ . There are still a few glitches and the only feature of note are there \Circles\ " . Once facebook adds that on they'll be even . " 
Another classic scenario of people thinking they have me figured out before they do . It's my fault honestly , I need to do better . 
2:54 am , those drinks were supposed to have me knocked out , but I'm wide awake ... as usual ... 
To listen requires a voice , for what needs to be known requires us to ask . -Romo Lampkin 
Oh man , who ever's not watching Repo Games on Spike needs to turn to it RIGHT NOW ! This family looks like they came out of Chainsaw Massacre , lmao !!! 
People go from Dr. Jekyll to Mr. Hyde in a split second when they know they're car is about to get repossessed !!! Hilarious !!!! 
I'm in the mood for some Chili's babyback ribs ! Extra sauce ! 
What music should I really be listening to this summer ? 
What you're willing to sacrifice is the measurement of how you love ... - < PROPFEMALE > Pinkett-Smith 
Home sweet home !! = Laundry gets done for free !!! 
In light of recent events I've decided to end my sabbatical prematurely only to say this : The job as President of the United States is a thankless one . He's ALWAYS damned if he does and ALWAYS damned if he doesn't , and unfortunately his true impact on our country and any benefits that MAY result from his initiatives can never be realized until years later . 
Tears on the mausoleum floor\ 
Blood stains the colosseum doors\ 
Lies on the lips of a priest\ 
Thanksgiving disguised as a feast 
Human beings in the mob\ 
What's a mob to the < PROPFEMALE > ? \ 
What's the < PROPFEMALE > to a God ? \ 
What's a God to a non-believer , who don't believe in anything ? \ 
Will We make it out alive , alright , alright , No Church in the Wild 
Lift off . 
We gon take it to the < PROPFEMALE > , take it to the stars 
Loving The Weeknd's House of Balloons 
I'm trippin ' , I need to be in < PROPMALE > to catch a glimpse of < PROPFIRST > L . < PROPMALE > and the Avengers ! I need to get close to Thor !!!!!! 
IKEA 2012 Catalogue app for iPhone ... Love It !!! 
Watching Super 8 , how many alien movies is that now that somehow manage to name drop Ohio ? LoL ! 
Tokyo 
Philadelphia : The city of brotherly love . 
Free air fare for all domestic flights ! Music to my ears !!! 
Z Bar in Philly goes SOOOO HARD !!!!!!! 
Accept that some days you're the pigeon And some days you're the statue . -Drake 
Recuperating from the 7 hour drive through Pennsylvania . Driving skills were definitely tested and I absolutely killed it ! If only < PROPFIRST > ' Mick ' < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > were with me , I know they would have enjoyed the winding roads as much as I did ! 
So there was an earthquake ?! I have yet to feel anything !! 
The fact that the unemployment rate is at a stupid 16.8% in the black community is sooooo unacceptable . This number doesn't include the ones that have stopped looking for work . I'm all about accountability so I'm going to need my people to take this as a wake up call . 
Stevey J no longer CEO of Apple ? It's all good , he'll still be running everything anyway , lol ! 
Having an MLK Jr. vs < PROPMALE > X moment .... again . Feeling so thankful the things I've experienced and gone through ; I've definitely learned a lot . 
Come on , you're in college now , the spongebob backpack with the spongebob lunch box is not where it's at ! 
Music overload . I have too much I want and need to listen to . 
Finally listened to the < PROPFIRST > Vuitton Gift Pack . This dude Los definitely spits ! 
It's FRIDAY ! I worked hard all week so that I could play hard this weekend ! And there's no homework to worry about ! YESSSS !!! 
I'm so not prepared for what I'm going to have to do . This is going to be a looooong semester . 
Thank you Florida , Kentucky , and Missouri , which are the first states that will require drug testing when applying for welfare . Some people are crying and calling this unconstitutional . How is this unconstitu tional ? It's OK to drug test people who work for their money but not those who don't ? Re-post this if you'd like to see this done in all 50 states .. 
You know I spent my entire summer hanging out at bars near where the Bulls practice ? I had some fun ... But those guys are not looking to settle down . I mean they all wear condoms , THEN they take the condoms WITH them , that's how paranoid they are ! Like it's so easy to get pregnant from some dude nutting into a condom ! - < PROPFIRST > Diaz in Bad Teachers , lmao ! 
Time to boost that efficiency rating . 
I want a good movie to watch . 
< PROPFIRST > Kong 
I find it interesting that all the natural disasters want to occur immediately AFTER my weekend in Philadelphia . I guess God thought it best to spare my car the trouble for a change . Jokes aside , prayers go out to all my family and friends on the East coast holding it down and staying strong . 
\redneck preppy kids\ " ..... isn't that an oxymoron ? Can you have redneck and preppy in the same sentence ? " 
Inquiring minds want to know , acquiring minds know to want . -D . Brown 
I love Vanguard on Current TV . The episode \American Jihadi\ " is probably the best one I've watched so far . " 
The addiction to drugs is a dangerous one but the addiction to \quick\ " cash is what kills society . " 
Anyone still using the kik messenger app ? If so inbox me your username . 
Turn to TLC right now ! Dude has a golf club through his head !!! 
All these comments in my twitter and fb feeds about the VMA's are cracking me up ! Hate to say that I missed it ! 
And why am I still not hip to < PROPFIRST > the Creator ? 
All that hard , tedious work , and I have to do it all over again ?? I need for it to be 4:30 . 
A book about the best toilets to do a number two in !!!! INGENIOUS !!!..... I see an app on the horizon , similar to AroundMe . 
Great night tonight , new episodes of TrueBlood downloaded , and Chipotlé !!! 
True Blood is doing too too too much !! I'm not liking this Sookie+ < PROPFIRST > thing , minus the fact that they have horrible sex scenes ! Someone needs to show < PROPFIRST > how to do a better job at ACTING like he's banging someone , lol !!! 
Akron knows it loves it's classic cars ! 
Home sweet home !!! = Fried fish prepared by mom and free laundry !!!! \ 
YESSSSS !!!!! 
Ambition-pure unadulterated passion . \ 
-Wale 
Girl talk with mom and little sis = nothing but laughs ! These two are CHARACTERS !!! 
3 hour drive back to Akron ; playlist : The R.E.D. Album , Tha < PROPMALE > IV and Watch the Throne . 
OMFG !!!! I just knew that trooper was going to pull out and get me !!! The biggest sigh of relief !!!! 
Can a car be renovated ? 
Too much to read , watch , play and listen to . 
Do not use a hatchet to remove a fly from your friend's forehead . -Chinese Proverb 
Long night 
Trying to make all the right moves . 
13 Assassins .... these dudes were BEASTS !!! 
Do I really want to submit to my < PROPFEMALE > for Hostess cupcakes tonight ? 
Getting a kick out of all these comments about the mich vs nd game ! YES , that was a stupid crazy win !! 
So my sister thinks $21.50 per hour is chump change ?... WTF ?! o_O 
September 11 - To remember those who lost their lives ; show appreciation for those who helped save lives , and admiration for those who fight for our freedom . 
How long is it going to take ? 
It's always the weirdest thing when IT suddenly takes over my pc remotely . I wish they would warn me first so I won't freak out , lol ! 
I'm on one ... 
I have too many online profiles ....... fingerprints everywhere 
< PROPMALE > Whitfield aka Spartacus , R.I.P. \ 
The show won't be the same ... 
Slowly but surely chipping away at this 1000+ friends list , lol ! 
Keywords : goals and protocol 
Time to watch the last episode of True Blood ! 
So the True Blood ending was definitely obvious , but it was great nonetheless !!!!! 
This competition between FB and Google to become my complete internet hub is a little overwhelming ... 
It's the weekend !!! Now all I need to worry about it is watching the entire first season of Game of Thrones ! 
Finished GoT , guess I'll do Boardwalk Empire next . 
If you haven't figured it out yet ... life is a string of random occurrences void of any meaning or substance . We're born , through no fault of our own , and exposed to an ENDLESS series of humiliations designed to enforce our impotence in the face of a universe that never wanted us in the first place . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
The new Spiderman is a little boy from Brooklyn , half black half hispanic ? It's only been the first issue , but I'm feeling it . 
Sometimes , things jus take time , but with time comes great appreciation . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Martindale 
It doesn't matter how old you are , or what you do in your life , you never stop needing your mum . - < PROPFEMALE > Winslet 
Love is the pillar of support when our world comes crumbling down around us , it is not a sign of weakness & immaturity to have a friend or to need a friend , it's a sign of immaturity to think you don't need a friend , when life hurts and dreams fade nothing helps like hope . 
I always laugh my ass off when I see asians use the N word amongst themselves ! Craaazy !!! 
Time to get to work ... 
Designing something and watching it built from scratch is definitely the best part of bring an engineer ! LOVE IT !! 
Tiger Blood ! LoL ! 
So excited for tomorrow ! 
I need to do some brain exercises ... lol 
Seriously though , it's absolutely amazing how quickly FB is putting out these changes in order to not be beaten by Google+ , LoL !!! 
Change is inevitable except from a vending machine . 
Why the F *** are people playing that dumbass number game AGAIN ?!?! 
I think I'm probably one of the few people that actually likes the changes Facebook is making . Looking forward to the new Timeline layout . 
I can't get into FourSquare 
There's something about Cornel West that doesn't sit right with me .... 
This can't be a long day .... 
Ya got two important things in life -- how you come in and how you go ou t--t he rest takes care of itself ! -Guy Gardner 
So I wake up 30 minutes before it's time for me to go to work and the only thing on my mind is how I forgot to buy my ticket to see J . Cole !!!..... don't worry still made it to work on time , lol ! 
Still bummed my trip to Tokyo is canceled . ): -( 
Waking up in the morning and realizing that the tickle you felt on your skin that you kept brushing away was actually a spider crawling on you . Talk about flipping the f *** out !!!! I still have goosebumps from it ! 
The < PROPMALE > of good business is being a good middleman , putting people together ... It's all about honor and respect . -Layer Cake 
lone wolf barrel 
Young the Giant , my new favorite band ! 
NP : Abbe May 
Breaking Bad 
In recognition of Breast Cancer Awareness Month I only have this to say : \ 
GIRLS ! WE RUN THIS MUTHA ! YEAH ! \ 
GIRLS ! WE RUN THIS MUTHA ! GIRLS !!! \ 
Who run the world ? GIRLS ! \ 
\ 
Because we all have mothers , sisters , and daughters ; support the cause , enough said . 
What a day ... 
Anyone seen Drive yet ? Is it good ? 
Trying to find a good copy of Shaolin with actual subtitles I can read . Trying to watch a movie without knowing ANY of the dialogue is soooo hard to do , lol ! 
The Tetris Battle app on FB is intense ! LOL ! 
Detroit Lions ... BEAST !!!! 
Rain .... not good for my hair 
Take Care 
Spotify , my new best friend , lol 
Maybe I should start believing the hype ... 
I want a Rolex .. 
Where's < PROPFEMALE > Rule ? Cuz I haven't the slightest clue . ¯\\_ (?) _/¯ But does anyone care ? 
That mango bellini martini on top of that naked mango martini at Cilantro got me soooooo right tonight !!!!!! 
It is said that human beings can live for 40 days without food , four days without water and four minutes without air . But we cannot live for four seconds without hope . 
Sweet Jesus , we made it in Americaaaaa !...... almost . 
Really ? So we start advertising for Black Friday now when we've only finished the first week of October ? 
The Illuminati controls the weather , and they can reverse the pull of gravity , and they can set you on fire by just looking at you . They also know how to talk to owls . Just in case you didn't know any of that . 
DAMNIT !! Take Care release date is now Nov . 15th ?! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and Los have good mix tapes , all I'll be playing for the rest of the night . 
But in the end , the point isn’t a battle over strategies . Openness is great , and a strategy I normally applaud : No single vendor is likely to be the best , so openness allows a broad range of suppliers to compete and differentiate so the best can emerge . The closed strategy makes sense only if you are the best . That is what < PROPMALE > was . 
You won't even be expecting it but one morning you walk in your kitchen and \LOVE\ " is at the table eatin a bowl of Frosted Flakes . \ 
The average salary for a doctoral-level professor has risen from $ 16,425 in 1967 to $ 157,282 this year , according to Commonfund estimates . 
New Facebook mobile web app , YES !!! Sooo much better !!! 
Time for new earbuds . 
I find it extremely agitating that banks feel the need to observe EVERY damn holiday . It's almost insulting . You don't put in that much work that you need to take every holiday off . 
Reminder : Some are big , some are small , grope some boobies and help save them all !!.... October : Breast Cancer Awareness Month ! \ 
Support the cause !! 
So the Giant Eagle in Stow has a kids ' playroom with videogames and toys with an attendant who watches the kids while you shop !! WTF !! 
So how about my people in Dayton fill me in on what's been going on down there . We already knew the city was off the hook . What's happened now ? 
Lone wolf barrel .... 
It's official , the Chipotlé on W . Market is oh so weak ! 
I will never go to Belden Village EVER again . For it to ve such an affluent area the mall is absolutely shitty !!! 
My friend < PROPFEMALE > came to visit me yesterday . She can be soooo irritating !!!! 
Back back forth and forth . 
Cuz at your best you are love ... 
HAPPY FRIDAY !!!! 
Loving this iOS5 ! 
Consider this , a trash truck rolling down the street blasting Beethoven . When you hear it coming you go take your trash to it . This actually exists ! An alternative to the ice cream truck perhaps ? 
Clock strikes 6 and we have registration overload . Processing is taking forever !! 
Updated my podcasts cuz I needed to take a break from reading . 
Life is not a thing to waste , that's why I'ma get it each and erryway ! ( ace hood voice ) #prayingforross 
The Source gave Yelawolf's album 4.5 mics ? Hmmmm , I need to give this a listen . 
I'm in the line for Chipotlé and for the first time I'm not that pumped about it . 
Someone hacked Sesame Street's website and put up porno !!! ROTFLMAO !!!!! 
