mmmmmmmmmmmmmm ......... turkey 

Im in tennesse now Just got back from hiking to the top of mount leconte it was bad ass except for the last five mile down was in the pouring rain 
just got home from tennesse woooo !!!! 
jeep over heated again now i have to dish out more money and time to put a new water pump on it this is turning into an exspensive summer 
jeep needs a new head thats gunna be awsome to replace and its gunna set me back some < PROPMALE > cash this is definatly an exspensive summer 
im leaving for school sept 18th this sucks 
putting the head on the jeep saturday finally ill be able to drive again riding ur bike everywhere and waking can be fun but u cant beat the comfort of driving 
new phone woot ! 
the jeep is finally fixed woo 
leaving for college saturday and im sick i hope ill be better by then 
leaving for school now tired and not wanting to drive three hours 
hmmm i cant sleep this sucks 
SuperBad !!!!! 
some random dude keeps walking into my dorm room and leaving its freakin me out he doesn't even talk when he walks in 
walkin to taco < PROPFEMALE > . hell yeah ! 
my birthday is in 7 days woooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
why is there always a weird kid in the class tht says some of the most stupid shit . 
burgers on the < PROPFIRST > forman grill are tasty 
im watching silent library right now and all i can say is what the hell is going on here 
so i put a spoon in the freezer out of boredom and stuck to to my tounge not a good idea 
can't sleep and is bored . 
bbbbbbbbooooooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeddddddddddddddddd 
i hate when people change 
got a new big ass tv well its not new but its newer then the old one 
no classes today woot woot !!!!!!!! 
is really pissed off 
first time in three weeks i havnt had homework wich is pretty bad ass now i jst need to study dendro and relax 
the weekends here are always boring until its night but at least during the day the woods are here :D 
qAaQ000 pp 
1000 ways to die woot woot 
quercus muehlenbergii 
taco bell :) 
its almost three and i still cant sleep 
doesn't feal to good at the moment 
is woundering why his room is always so freakin hot !!!!! 
is very tired 
family coming to visit wooo !!!!!! 
working on comm hw work at 2 in the morning cause i cant sleep ...... awsome 
loves when his room mates alarm goes off at 6 in the morning and he doesn't wake up so then I get to beat him over the head with my pillow to get him to shut it off 
The past is never dead . Its not even past . - < PROPFIRST > faulkner 
Whants to run till he cant run no more 
just found this bad ass race he wants to compete in its called warrior dash and its 2.91 hellish < PROPMALE > in < PROPFIRST > this may . hmmm sounds like alot of fun if i plan on doing this is i need to run alittle more i guess 
so my teacher let the whole class eat some persimmons right off the tree but he failed to tell us the ones tht actually look good will give you cotton mouth ... wtf < PROPMALE > 
working on my dendro tree report and im very tired 
done with my dendro paper finnaly now its time to relax and catch some sleep 
has a pretty bad head ache wich means i probably wont sleep to much tonight 
has a long day today hopefully we dont get a twig quiz in dendro but u never know with < PROPMALE > im pretty sure he was hinting we are going to have one at the forestry club meeting 
feals like poopy kaka today ... I hope I feal better by turkey day 
isnt fealing much better today time to take some meds so i can at least go to class 
is very bored sense everyone is home for turkeyday and im not lol 
happy turkey day everyone ! 
screw medina i wanna go back to hocking were for the most part i dont have to deal with so much bull shit 
havin a pretty good day today I'm glad to be back in hocking 
i think i may have a sleep disorder 
Getting some dinner then seeing Unstopable tonight !! Its gunna be a Blast XD 
cousins coming down this weekend to visit getting pumped to show him the awsomeness that is hocking ! 
went for a run and found a full pack of 5 gum wrapped still on the path sweet :D 
HOLY SHIT !!! Thats all i have to say about that . 
A day doesnt go bye i dont think of you and im thankfull for the time we had together you are the person who made me who i am today . R.I.P Grandpa you are forever in our hearts 
\I would share a toilet with < PROPMALE > potter ! \"- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > \ 
\Oh my god look at this bump it so huge it cast its own shadow i think i may have a tumor ouch when i poke it it hurts \"- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
studying for my dendro test tomarow i hope i do well :D 
just made a five < PROPFEMALE > study guide that it turns out i dont need ..... fml 
woke up at 845 today looked at the clock and relised i had a wildland firefighting test at 830 ..... WTF 
hmmm i dont think i want to go home yet i may just stay at hocking for a few more days 
feels very sick !! 
Isn't Christmas supposed to be about happy things and family not holding grudges and acting like your two at some point people need to grow up and quit there bitching .. Merry Christmas everyone :D 
having the most adventurous week ever !!! lots of cool stories to tell everyone at hocking when i get back woooo !!!!! 
woo feels good to be back in hocking !! 
Wooo done with soils for the day finally(i would rather watch paint dry then be in that class ) just have comm then im FREE !!! 
I have become comfortably numb-Pink < PROPMALE > 
is very creeped out by the fact half of my luandry was already folded when i went to get them out of the dryer 
tired tired tired tired tired tired tired !! 
I just had someone i don't know talk to me for about ten minutes stand up and say \i just realized you don't know me\ " and walk away during that whole conversation i said nothing and was wondering why he was talking to me in the first place " 
life really does suck sometimes I've come to realize 
im pretty sure i cant get anymore tired but i cant sleep this sucks 
gotta love this weather its 22 degrees out and < PROPFEMALE > with no clouds good time to be outside 
< PROPMALE > product utilization tomorrow from 7 to 2 ......... its going to be a rough Monday 
sometimes its best to not think to much . thinking to much gets you in trouble 
“Insanity is the only sane reaction to an insane society . ”- < PROPFIRST > Szas 
FINALLY !!!! REFUND DAY !!! 
Man's heart away from nature becomes hard . ~ Standing Bear 
Keep your sense of proportion by regularly , preferably daily , visiting the natural world - Catlin Matthews 
finally gots a hair cut 
very busy day today but the weather is bitchin so its all good :D 
Had a lot of fun watching the werks last night and i got to enjoy today's awesome weather so all in all i can say this was a really good weekend now on to a long boring school week 
fire in a cave + walking in the woods in the dark = bad ass mini adventure :D 
gotta love this weather 
IT'S COLD !!!!!! WHY !!!!! 
I've got a bike\ 
You can ride it if you like\ 
It's got a basket\ 
A < PROPFEMALE > that rings\ 
And things to make it look good\ 
I'd give it to you if I could\ 
But I borrowed it ........ \ 
~ Pink Floyd ~ 
BURNT TOAST TOASTY !!!! 
Today I've come to realize that shitty days are a good thing they remind you of the things that are important to you like family , friends and the times we share with those people there is always someone out there that is having a much harder day then you so don't sweat the small stuff and remember the good things in life . 
My brain needs to be equipped with a shut off switch 
damn i gotta soils project to due tomorrow and i have nothing done for it time to freak out and get it done wooo !!! 
cinnamon toast crunch toasty 
I wish I had a cool camera that took really good pics :( 
SPORTS !!! 
\If i wasn't wearing this hat right now my brain might just fall out on to the floor \"" 
you know good court TV is on when there is a guy wearing a t shirt with flames on it being sued 
just one more final and im FREE !!! 
people suck 
Now that I'm home i have real food ..... let the feasting begin !!!!!!! 
I'm pretty sure at this point I'm addicted to stumbleupon 
