is saying good bye to 2009-hello-2010 ... No limits - Divine Order- Take me up , up an away- Line me up Lord with your will , < PROPFEMALE > and greatness ! God will perfect all that concerns me . 

- WOW ! It's a decade I said goodbye to last midnight-and hello to 30 in 4 more months ... WOW- again I say REJOICE ! 
SINGING ..... Praise is what I do When I want to be close to You , I lift my hands in praise . 
Open the eyes of my heart , Lord ! 
Some time in life you'll find out You get in a hurry That when you have assurance There is no need to worry You can wait , wait , wait on the lord and you'll see He always keep his word . But just trust in him Don't be dismayed 
I know the odds are stacked against you And it seems there's no way out I know the issue seems unchangeable And that there's no reason to shout But the impossible is God's < PROPMALE > To work a miracle , a miracle So just know It ain't over until God says it's 
This morning when I < PROPFEMALE > ye-e-eh .. I didn't have no doubt This morning when I < PROPFEMALE > I didn't have no doubt This morning when I < PROPFEMALE > I didn't have no doubt I know the Lord will take care of me I know the Lord will provide for me and I know He will lead and g 
sings .. once again ... Praise Him now and praise Him again Praise Him everytime you get a < PROPMALE > He's the source of your favor And for that we thank Him even more 
has realized that the rocks the devil is throwing her way are many ... but the direct hits are few .. This is only because Jesus has chosen to block most , but allowed just enough to push her to the next level . Thanks \Big Guy\ " for loving me enough to evoke change and growth .. The thing is we emphasize how uncomfortable challenges are .... truthfully development & cultivation can also be quite painful ! " 
doesn't know who's on her heart ...... But I'm praying that joy overtake the darkness that is attempting to creep in through the little and un-filled spaces in your life . We all can stand a little re-cauking sometimes . Look for the almost invisible cracks within yourself . It's there that the devil attempts to seep in and it's there that you must fill with the wisdom , strength and peace of God . Meditate on this ! 
Talent is God-given ; be humble . Fame is man-given ; be thankful . Conceit is self-given ; be careful . - < PROPFIRST > Wooden 
Step to the edge , He said . Come on walk out of your comfort zone . But , I'm a little afraid . I said .... Out on the edge is where your faith is cultivated , & my < PROPFEMALE > is revealed , He said . So , I stepped to edge . Then , he pushed me ... and we flew . God's the pilot , let him take you to your purposed destination . 
A friend knows you and loves you just the same . It's the friend you can call up at 2 a.m. that really matters .... Be careful to know your true friends . Sometimes I think of people , like I do fruit ... SEASONAL ...... If you pick a watermelon in the winter .. it wont be much good .... but a persimmon ... in December will be the sweetest treasure . Know who , and when & when to say when !! 
I've had some good days I've had some hills to climb I've had some weary days And lonely nights But when I look around And I think things over All of my good days They out weigh my bad days So I won't complain 
At times of hopelessness or while waiting for something to manifest , Call upon the force of good that is God and activate its healing potential . 
Jeremiah .. is off taking the world by storm .. sometimes I wish i was a stay at home mom so I could be one those overly active parents , who wreck the teacher's nerves .. LOL .. I heard my boy walked into school like he was a star ... all his aunt heard was ... wassup-Jeremiah .. hey cool J .... Jl in the place ... it must be nice to be one of the dark spots on a 101 dalmations .... lil chocolate boy can't help but have all eyes on him 
Lord if u contemplating making me a stay-at home mom ..... let me get specific ... at home with a nanny , a nutritionist , a coach a chef , a maid , and a driver .... I NEED SUPPORT .. I just want to mother ... not , run around in circles all day trying to do the job of 6 service professionals ... OH yeh and go ahead and throw in a yard man for my hubby- didn't want to be too selfish ! LOL ! 
is shouting .... How am I supposed to do all this ? Help me Lord ! 
is feeling a little better after meditation . 
is trying to be understanding . But can't grasp , why most people feel like every time they call you should be there waiting to answer ? Adia doesn't ever answer her phone- they say .. if you know that , why do waste time calling me ? I have clearly stated to all who really know me .. if it's important to you leave a text , then I'll determine if it's important to me . I refuse to be a slave to all that life demands . 
is trusting God for his best for her friends , family & self ! I wanna believe & so I DO 
is re-visiting the purpose of sacrifice-God sacrificed Jesus . < PROPMALE > was willing to sacrifice < PROPMALE > & Job did sacrifice all he had . It is the story of the GREAT's . Sacrifice ! Resolve to submitting all your losses-as sacrifices . Sacrifice is the road to your great < PROPFEMALE > . 
is realizing - I do have compassion . It's just selective ! That's not the compassion of Christ - yall pray for me . God ain't through with me yet . 
c < PROPFEMALE > ing her voicemail to : Praise the Lord , glad you called ! I must be busy , but you can leave a message , if you like . I encourage you to < PROPFEMALE > up the phone & call on Jesus he always has time - whatever you need , he's got it ! 
is ready to go home , scoop up the boy's & head to bible study to get refreshed , renewed , & inspired . 
is thinking about sowing . Seeds aren't always financial . We can sow encouragement & information too . Seeds are anything that improves the life of someone else . Whatever you plant , do it with purpose . Never sow seeds without giving them an assignment . Think about , & understand the principle of sowing & reaping . Focus !... The only reason children of God fail is because of broken focus . God has a harvest for us all . 
is excited ! Let the carpet roll , the flowers be thrown & the cake be fresh .... and the annoucers says '' The < PROPFEMALE > Is Coming , The < PROPFEMALE > Is Coming ! \ If you understand my excitement it's for you if not . This is not your day for me to celebrate . " 
- winding down , ready to go hide somewhere & take a nap . Guess I won't - I'm practicing godly integrity . 
is not please with the recent attacks of Satan . Never-the-less , I am more than a conqueror . God is perfecting all that concerns me . I will not be moved by what I see , hear , or feel . I will only be moved by the word and the will of God . 
Marriage won't always make you happy ..... Family won't either .... but it sure can make you holy ... Just keep asking yourself ... What would Jesus do ?? U probably won't like the answer , cause your flesh will want to do the total opposite .... but it's the best way to knock the devil out . 
Why ?? I can't find my camera anywhere ... I think it dropped out of the baby bag & under the table at Friday's ... Darn thieves act like they didn't find it . Bless God any way ! 
Exchange your peace for God's peace .. your thoughts for His . Then and only then will you not be consumed by the troubles of this world . Yes , the devil is chasing after you ... but you should be chasing after God .... and getting the power that God-chasers receive . Later for the drama , right now resolve to make your time ... God's time . Don't waste another minute in your own strength , understanding and peace .. God knows best ! 
What do you tell someone who's been through the raging storms of life ( broken homes-broken dreams-drugs-adultery-depression-unemployment-death of loved ones-SIDS-miscarriages-family illnesses-foreclosure , bankruptcy ) and still there is no calm ? Thank God for your life and your struggles . They cultivate your strength . Admit you are in pain to yourself & God . Then let Jesus bear all that remains . 
This is for my homie-Even though I can't see And I can't feel your touch I will trust you Lord How I love you so much Though my nights my seem long And I feel so alone Lord my trust is in you I surrender to you So many painful thoughts Travel through my mind And I wonder how I will make it through this time But I trust you I'll trust you 
Never fret over loss . The greatest spiritual gift is love . True love cannot be lost , and it can never be replaced . It does not hurt you . It does not abuse you , mentally or physically . So release the frienemies you have collected along life's journey . Lay it all on the cross and know that God will resurrect a creation in you and for you , whatever you need . But first you have to make room for it . Let go , let God !! 
Much love to < PROPFIRST > ! A great guy an awesome dad , and my one an only ! Be safe in those streets while you are bringing home the bacon . Keep lookin up- and he'll send the blessings down ! 
God's grace is sufficient for all your uh-oh's! Stop waisting time being prideful . We all fall-get back up . Let's KEEP IT MOVING ! 
In the words of < PROPFEMALE > Jackson-We need God to teach us how to hold on to what we are given . God gives us the strategy we need to reposition ourselves while we have a < PROPMALE > to be more , see more , and enjoy more of life . He is a God of second and third < PROPMALE > s . Let us begin to reclaim what is ours and be accountable for our new < PROPMALE > s . 
praising God-ISAIAH IS 12 MONTHS TODAY- WE SURVIVED ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE LAST PROPHET FROM MY LOINS !! It is fininshed- Amen . Amen . I receive that ! 
It's 2011 ! Exciting ! God I surrender , what shall I render ? Happy New Year Facebook ! 
is giving a pink notice to the Spirit of Division in my life & others . I rebuke Spirit of divorce , spiritual blindness , spirit of misery , spirit of contention , OUT in Jesus Name . Lord send a Spirit of peace , meekness , self-control , understanding , wisdom . Lord send Your angels to protect the sanctity of marriage , and for the single folk- let the angels bring contentment , in the name of Jesus Christ Amen . 
is letting all of FB and the devil know- Don't get it twisted ! Divorce is not an option for me .... Til death do us part .... and I mean death .. that's not a death threat- I'm delivered from that . Amen !! But the spirit of division is subtle- creeps in a little at a time .. just putting it to death , binding it up for myself and friends . You're Welcomed fro the Favor . 
Do you need something ? Find where it is written in the Bible , read it daily ? Forgive all that offend you . Declare it ! Don't give Up ! 
is reflecting on this - \God's grace is sufficient \"!" 
Relationships FAIL for these 3 reasons : 1-lack of healthy relationship skils ( communication ) , 2- lack of emotional maturity , 3- lack of spiritual maturity . So here's the prescription to success . 1-Open your mouth , talk it out ; 2-Stop following your own mind & feelings .. don't be reactive-be proactive ( keep the mind of Christ ); 3- Grow Up- read the bible and let it read you ! 
- I jumped on a phone in your bathroom becasue I'm sexy and I do what I want ! 
saying-Love covers a multitude of sins . You fight evil with God's love . So today I'm singing \Umma show love for my hater today-God help me with tomorrow '" 
is saying WHY ME ? 
Everything that the devil thought he stole was just God making room for the better that's on the way . Not restoration cause I don't want him to fix my broken stuff ; but TRANSFORMATION- make it brand new ! I'm singing Upgrade me-upgrade me ! 
Eph 20:17 - THOU SHALT NOT COVET- Let not covetousness destroy our happiness . Let not greed for that which we do not need and cannot get with honesty and integrity bring us down to ruin and despair . 
EPHESIANS 4:22 -24 - Strip yourselves of your former nature ; put off and discard your old unrenewed self , which characterized your previous manner of life and becomes corrupt through lusts and desires that spring from delusion ; and be constantly renewed in the spirit of your mind having a fresh mental and spiritual attitude , and put on the new nature created in God's image , in true righteousness and holiness . 
GODLY LOVE/MARRIAGE-UNDERSTAND we struggle NOT against people but against spirits . FORGIVE many times . ALLOW anger to be processed w/o sin . REPENT to God/your mate concerning your faults . BEAR 1 another's burdens . DECIDE to let go of the hurts but never the spouse . USE life's pain as a stairway to your heavenly purpose & intended unity . FALL in love over and over with the 1 person u made for keeps . STAND-God's word/covenant 
Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . It is not rude , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . Love never fails . \ " , 201 0-0 2-10 19:47:53 " 
FB MEN - If a woman who knows u're spoken BUT WANTS U ANYWAY , it's flattering . It's tempting . TRUTH IS she's doing it to feed her OWN ego , not yours . She wants to see how much power she holds over u . And if u take her bait , she then knows u're troubled . Deep down , she has nothing but contempt for both your male weakness and your mate's existence . She thinks u're weak- THAT SHOULD REALLY PISS MEN OFF 
is highly favored . A friend gave me tickets to the MJB concert that a friend had given her . God uses people to bless people . Praise God & Thank you friend ! I owe ya ! 
is thanking God for divine turnaround . I don't how god's going to do it on the earth . But , I know for sure it's already done in the heavens . 
is saying : When life seems like it's spinning out of control ; Just STOP doing whatever you are doing . Take a deep cleansing breath and dedicate yourself back to God . Say : Lord take control ! Re-set your life by lining yourself up with the < PROPMALE > ( bible ) he left . Get the train back on the track . God's mercy is new every morning ! 
LOVES MIAMI .... the friends , the food , the family .... the hair ... the hair stylist .. 
is back to the land of beef lover's .... oh well I had some grouper , conch fritters , jamaican patiies , curry chicken ... hmmm all that and was only in the sunshine state a hot minute .. -Back on my mission \Pursuing Ideal Weight 2010 \"" 
is so glad I don't need anyone's permission to be me ! I love me ! God favors me ! The end . 
is thanking the Father for the Son , and the Son for being a sacrifice , and the Spirit for being with me always . Because of this truth \Death is no concern of mine - and my life is for a divine purpose\ " . I hope this proves true for you too . HAPPY GOOD FRIDAY FB !! " 
Romans 8:17 Now if we are children , then we are heirs -- heirs of God and co-heirs with Christ , if indeed we share in his sufferings in order that we may also share in his < PROPFEMALE > . 18 I consider that our present sufferings are not worth comparing with the < PROPFEMALE > that will be revealed in us . 
is thinking marriage would be easy if we'd just LISTEN to the instruction we can find in 1 corinthians 13 & ephesians 5 - Husbands love your wife as christ loves the church . How does Christ love the church ? Wives submit to your husband as unto the Lord . AS UNTO THE LORD ! Well I've been officially checked- and so have u . 
Stop blaming God , stop blaming yourself , stop blaming others . It's the devourer whom we must attack ! No more passivity- what u want God grants us the power to fight & receive-this is war ! 2010 - we win ! 
is singing this is the air I breathe this is the air I breathe Your holy presence living in me this is my daily bread Your very word spoken to me And I , I'm desperate for you And I , I'm I'm lost without you 
OPERATION CURSE-OUT ABORTED .. I was singing and praising and just that quick the devil tried to get me - I almost gave in . Thank you Holy Ghost for holding me - the Lord knows sometimes people deserve IT . 
' A woman's heart should be so hidden in Christ that a man should have to seek Him first to find her . ' Happy Christian Woman Week ! 
The next time you are pointing the finger think \Is what I'm saying/doing convicting someone or condemning them ? \ " Conviction comes from the Holy Spirit-it leads to repentance & deliverance . Condemnation leads to despair & hopelessness . Therefore in Christ - there is no condemnation . " 
Boast in your weakness - How God is all Powerful ! Then he'll reveal that His grace is sufficient for every trial , every test , every thorn in your flesh ! He says try him & you'll see . 
is singing \\" Never could have made it without you ! \"" 
A husband is the activator . A wife is the responder . Sorry men , that's God's order . The next time you're in blame mode because your wife is insecure , bossy , attitudinal , or empathetic - remember you activated it . Whatever you do to produce the negative -REVERSE IT , and you'll find a wife that is secure , submissive , joyful , and caring . Be led of God - the take the lead - It's your rightful place . 
None is more impoverished than the one who has no gratitude . Gratitude is a currency that we can mint for ourselves , and spend without fear of bankruptcy . - < PROPFIRST > De Witt < PROPFIRST > Amburgh ... Thank you Lord , < PROPFIRST > , Mom , family , friends . 
Today makes me think about the god-children . I love them , though they left way too soon for me to understand ; I cant trip ain't nobody gonna love them better than \I AM \"- the Great I AM - .. that < PROPFIRST > J . is deep if you really think about it . " 
Psalm 42:11 Why are you downcast , O my soul ? Why so disturbed within me ? Put your hope in God , for I will yet praise him , my Savior and my God . 
Thanks to ALL for your birthday wishes ! Feeling so blessed ... WOW ! Life aint been no < PROPFEMALE > stair . Never would have made it w/o my God . 
I'm blessed an highly favored ! May God's blessings overtake you all . 
Forgiveness is not always easy . At times , it feels more painful than the wound we suffered , to forgive the one that inflicted it . And yet , there is no peace without forgiveness . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Williamson 
Process < PROPMALE > meetings are deplorable ! Can someone please rescue me ? 
HOW TO LOVE ? ( 1)Accept God's Love for u ( 2)Give yourself permission to love your imperfect self - when u love yourself unconditionally , then u can love others that way ( 3 ) We can see thru the eyes of love only when there is love in OUR eyes . GET YOUR HEART RIGHT , then loving others is easy ! 
It's a good day , I thank God for it ! 
So today is bike to work day- be environmentally friendly . Didn't bike used the transit instead and I'm still on it . Smh ... Should have just rode the bike 50 mi ... Not me !!! But I probably would have arrived at work alot sooner- could have just zoomed by this accident . 
For where your treasure is , there your heart will be also . < PROPMALE > 12:34 - Dear Jesus , help us to make sure that our heart is in the right place . Help us to show our love for you and for one another in the way we spend our time and our money . Amen . 
A mind at peace , a mind centered and not focused on harming others , is stronger than any physical force in the universe . 
Operation < PROPFEMALE>'s Wedding in full effect ... Shout out to Lady Quista on the program folding ... Corlisa on the breakfast run ... and Mr. Lampoon packing up the decorations for delivery ... What am I doing u ask ???? More than I can share . 
Operation < PROPFEMALE>'s Wedding is complete .. Operation Mr. & Mrs. < PROPFIRST > has begun ... I hear that song \ We've only just begu -- n .... \"' Exciting ! " 
You cannot find YOUR < PROPFEMALE > in the bible . The bible only gives direction . When you follow God's leading you will find your < PROPFEMALE > . 
Everything I < PROPFEMALE > is closer than I think waiting for my recognition of it . God give me sight & fortitude ! 
What makes us talk about things we can do nothing about , instead of spending that time on our knees ? 
Have u ever really laid it all down , every burden every care ? If yes , why pick it back up ? God is omnipotent - we are NOT . 
Lead us not into temptation . But deliver us from the evil one . 
He makes my feet like hinds ' feet , And sets me upon my high places . Psalm 18:33 
“Again , the kingdom of heaven is like a merchant seeking fine < PROPFEMALE > s , and upon finding one < PROPFEMALE > of great value , he went and sold all that he had , and bought it . ” < PROPFIRST > 13:44 -46 
Calling all in Dade & Broward County - Anyone have an old Sprint phone that is elderly friendly - my gramma broke hers in 2 . Need a used phone asap . 
Happy Father's Day to the only Father I've known ... GOD ... and to my mom who couldn't be a father but instead was once , twice , three , times a mother ! Last but not least to the guy that proved to be the best man when he became a Father x's 2 ... Happy Father's Day < PROPMALE > - from me & the Lampkin boys ! 
Help me think BIG ! So as not to hinder my Father , and limit myself . Operation- We win 2010 is still in affect ! 
Why do we disrespect others ? It festers and spoils whomever has been disrepected . then the resultant force boomerangs and hits the disrespector right smack in the middle of his forehead so all can see .. smh 
You ain't got to lie girl , you ain't got to lie- that is ALL ! 
Stop ! Breathe deeply . Begin bringing peace to the outer world by regaining your own inner peace . Choose love , choose gratitude , choose forgiveness , choose peace . Begin with your own inner peace . Then use that inner peace as a platform from which to approach the outer world with perspective , understanding , < PROPFEMALE > , kindness , and a love for all people . 
Putting behind all things ( not like u Lord ) in the past ( years , mths , days , mins , secs ) ... pressing toward the < PROPFIRST > for the prize of the high calling in Jesus Name .... ( deep breath ) ... Amen 
sinign to FB-That’s why I praise him with a song\ 
When things are right and when they’re wrong\ 
He’s given me a second chance\ 
Come on let’s praise Him in advancePraise Him , Praise Him\ 
Praise Him , Praise Him\ 
Praise Him in advance 
is saying \Lord rebuild me ! \"" 
God is always saying , “come out of her my people , lest YOU share in her sins , and lest YOU receive of her plagues” ( Revelation 18:4 ) . “DO NOT BE DECEIVED : “EVIL COMPANY CORRUPTS GOOD HABITS . AWAKE TO RIGHTEOUSNESS , AND DO NOT SIN ; FOR SOME DO NOT HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE OF GOD” ( 1Corinthians 15:33 , 34 ) . 
How long must I sit in the company of fools and is bad breath required to make what these old engineers make ? 
A strong person knows how to keep their life in order . With tears in their eyes they still manage to say \I'm ok\ " . God is good . Change is coming . God saw your sadness and said hard times are over . " 
There is peace and fullness of joy in His presence . 
Your best will never be good enough . Ask God for His power to receive His best for your life - then we can live boldly & without regrets . 
How you gon ' win when you ain't right within\ 
Come again\ 
Come again , come again , come again , come again\ 
Yall know the song-Just thankin < PROPFEMALE > Hill for her insight 
Ok , Lord - U have about 30 mins . ( bus ride ) to help me understand men .... bka ..... my husband ..... 
Today is national ice cream day ! Do it ! 
I think I've found my passion .... Low impact development ! Exciting ! 
Isaiah-grownman-never sleeps ( 18 mths ) took a 3 hour nap at the sitter - and is now napping again . Either prayer is working in full effect today or this kid is ill .... I'm very afraid !! 
Some relationships can stand to be BUSTED/BROKEN WIDE OPEN ! Fractures can be perceived as opportunities for revolution .... Lord , upgrade me , give me an encore - better yet , I'll take a remix ! 
What is this feeling ? Is it exhaustion ? I think the trials of past few years ( givng birth , sleep deprivation , losing relationships , theft , violation , drama & trauma ) has wreaked havoc on my capacity to press . Don’t think I have much left feels like I’m nearing an empty tank , the gas lights is on . I’m running on fumes . I know I asked to be emptied ... but Lord , won't you fill me ..... with you ! 
I need you , I need you . Only you can restore my soul . I need you , I need you . Only you can renew my mind . So with the heart of a woshipper I lift my voice to you . Singing , Lord I need you . 
FB - I need help- dinner ideas ? 
Self-care is critical to having a strong inner foundation . Taking good care of YOU means the people in your life will receive the best of you rather than what is left of you . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Cohen 
Mom is back ! Now maybe she'll get her grandboys and give me a break ? And I'm not talking a < PROPFEMALE > kat bar . 
So Prayer still works- mom has the kids the house is quiet ..... I want to goof off , but i should study-or clean-or clean-or spend time in His presence ... so many options 
It's a good day I thank God for it-I've got my health & strength & I know that I'm his child . 
REMINDER ..... all cell phone < PROPFIRST > are being released to telemarketing companies and you will start to receive sales calls . \ 
\ 
To prevent this , call the following number from your cell phone : 888-382-1222 . 
Don't be moved by what u see , feel , or hear ... only be moved by the word of God - by somebody wise . 
MIAMI FB - NEED HELP ! Planning a NW Miami/Ft . Lauderdale/Miramar/Pembroke Pines Wedding - while in Texas .... any recommendations for wedding/reception venues ?? If u've been to a great place , easy to find , with beautiful decor , & good eats give it a shout out ! Thanks , u're appreciated 
Never be in a hurry ; do everything quietly and in a calm spirit . Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever , even if your whole world seems upset . \ 
- Saint < PROPFIRST > de Sales 
Life's most persistent and urgent question is , \What are you doing for others ? \ " \ 
After years of hard work - the relational highs ans lows , yes , Lord we've overcome many lows ... my husband calls and shares a defining moment , & @ the end of the convo he says \I thank God for a prayerful wife \ " - as the song says .. I'm sooooo glad trouble don't last always ! " 
Why don't we get our minds off the past ( a year ago , 6 mths ago , a day ago , a minute ago ) - STOP , rehearsing the pics & pain ... the past is all in your mind ... the future is all in your mouth - Speak what u < PROPFEMALE > ! - Adia Jones 
People say they love u . But love is not selfish .. That is all ... 
You do have a power over your body , your life , your future . Call it prayer , spiritual healing , intention , or law of attraction , the power is there for you to access . - < PROPMALE > Lockwood Huie 
My baby doesn't feel well .. healing in Jesus name- I rebuke the report ... but I ain't no fool , he will get tylenol , antibiotics , and lots of prayer ! 
We are not given abundance - of joy , peace , love , health , friends , MONEY ! Abundance is always present waiting for us focus in on it's existence .... Abundance is of God . 
My strength , has become my weakness ..... Ok I hear you dad loud and clear . The weights of this world are to propel me to dependency .... true dependence on GOD = POWER 
Day 3 - Breathe IN emotional , physical , mental , spiritual HEALING , Breathe OUT anything not like God ! Lord , Rebuild me ! 
We made it to the end of another work week ! Praise God for preserving us ! 
It's the first day of school - can't wait to hear about it from my 10 year old . I let the teachers off today , but I'm popping up tomorrow & let him know the lil chocolate giant belongs to me , and I nor him will be played with . His teachers will , teach or be taught ( By me ) that's the thought for this school year .... lol 
I'm weak - why do you take 4 viles of blood from someone you classify as anemic ??? Sounds dumb to me . 
Today's thought : Temptation is common to man , just say Lord deliver me from evil & whatever u do ..... remember , the dead don't react . - ADIA aka dying to my flesh daily 
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Dietrich\ 
If you have my phone number and I return your call , even if it's days later ; believe me , you matter -Adia Jones 
Have a great weekend ! And don't forget to find somewhere to worship on Sunday- it will make next week a little easier to digest . 
If you woke up this morning thinking , where is all the blessings - pay attention to this check point : Our sins can and will block them if unrepented . 
Call on Him , Trust in Him , Believe in Him and --- It shall come to pass ..... whatever the IT is ... 
is singing- Some-body prayed for me- Had me on their mind- Took the time and prayed for me ... I'm so glad they prayed- I'm so glad they prayed-I'm so glad they prayed for me .. My mama prayed 4 me .. grandmother prayed 4 me .. my friends all prayed 4 me- ... FB I'm praying for you all . Be blessed ! Have a great Labor Day ! 
Morning FB ! I'm still in the old school choir repetoire - Praise Him , Praise Him -Praise Him in the Morning , Praise Him in the noonday- Praise Him - Prai -- ase Hi -- m , Praise Him when the sun goes down .... ( i think that's how it went ) 
Yall remember this- May his peace be with you till we meet again , May his peace be-e-e with you till we meet again . Until we meet that distant shore- and we'll shead a tearno m o--o re . May He give you strength to endure , till we meet again ----- . 
I get joy ! when I think about what He's done for me -- I get joy when I think about what He's done for me -- ( sing it it with me fb ) - U can't tell it let me tell it ------- 
Do or do not , there is no try . \ 
- Yoda ( < PROPFEMALE > Wars movie ) ... my motto 
Loss .... is the quickest cure for ingratitude . Never wait until someone/thing is gone before u realize their worth . 
Never tolerate what you were commanded to eliminate ! It’s elimination time - I always win , the devil loses ... everytime ! Ain't God's power grand ! 
Celebrating my anniversary- Thursday thru Sunday ..... 9 years & 1 day - gifts are welcomed inbox me if u need the address .. lol . Have a great weekend ! 
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle . - Author Unknown\ 
Bring the bling wherever you go ! 
You don't have to wait until you've reached the end of your rope to reach for HIS garment 
Workout plan for parents with a nearly two year old boy - 1 . After work , put on your sneakers . 2 . pick him up from daycare . 3 . Go home , open the car door ( he will take his own car seat off ) 4 . ready- set- go ... he's off and he's out .... chase him all over the neighborhood . DO this 5x's/week 
oK- 1.5 HOURS to go .... I think I can , I think I can . Help me Lord ! 
Is thinking bout the special birthday dinner the boys will make for their dad . 
Another day another dollar another meeting to make me holler ! 
A time to sow and a time to reap 
Thankful- \Take < PROPMALE > ( 22 months ) To Work Day\ " is almost complete ! " 
A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Joubert 
The ring don't mean a thing ? Cause < PROPFIRST > just cannot sing ... LOL 
Lord if you're blessing blessing in this season-Don't do it without me 
To my single sisters - A man likes a car he signs a contract or outright buys it ! He sees a home he desires , he does the same . SO why is it if he really desires you - to have you . Why doesn't he sign his name on the line ? You are more precious than them both- and if nobody else ever tells you . Remember I did- But God said it first . 
I've been gone for too long - Now it's time to take it Back ! 
Atmosphere - we can change it for better or worse . U ever been at work and you all prayed up and singing worship song in your head- then you go to staff mtg , they argue there . U get out of it and your co-workers are at it too .... Be careful to do your part to change the atmosphere or at the least don't partake in the strife ! 
My co-worker is having a bad day . I'm not good at comforting- I lost my sensitive side a long time ago . But I'm an awesome prayer warrior . I got ya . 
Looking at the calendar- I am reminded the year is almost ending .... I'm excited , because the promises are still unfolding .... I still win in 2010 ! God is not a man that He should lie . 
Oh Happy Day- it's Friday Ya'll! 
Expect the GREAT ! No negativity ! You will receive what you think & what you say . So get to it . I am abundantly blessed and expecting great things to manifest ! 
My husband send me a message to ask what's 4 dinner ? That's code for he ate all the leftovers ... Awesome communicator-gotta love him , at least he gave me the heads up ! 
Marriage TIP : If the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence it means u haven't watered your own yard- all beautiful things take cultivation ... WORK AT IT . 2 ) or u're being deceived & if u get closer , u'll see the other side is full of poop ! 
is sangin- It's a good day- I thank-God for it . I've got my health and strength and I know that I'm His child . 
Christmas was excellent ! Had a great meet , with good peeps , and tasty eats !! And all I had to make was one dish - Thanks to \The Patricks ! \"" 
WOW ! I did somethign really idiotic . Don't quite know how it happened , seems I'vre had a memory lapse . I call my husband to tell him needing his help with all urgency - he doesn't gloat .... or snicker . It doesn't fluster or annoy him . He stays calm and keeps me that way- and says I'm on my way Baye - one reason I fell for him in the 1st place . 
At the beach and loving all of Gods creation- Miami < PROPFEMALE>'s back ..... Uhmmm for 3 days of fun in the sun ! 
Thank you God just for being you . 2011 - is here and I am expecting a great move , more blessings , anointing and favor ! I am all that God says I am- FB u can be too ! 
Alright fb your girl is a real soldier ! Drove from < PROPMALE > to Miami with just the < PROPFEMALE > got my children , and am on the way to work after driving back - praise God for protection . He's got to love me ! Passed many accidents and I'm here to live another great year - from one of God's favorite's! 
is singing- I believe we're in a time when God's gonna bless the saints . \ 
Those who have stayed , those who have prayed \ 
He's going to fulfill the promise He made . \ 
For I heard the Spirit say , its your time . \ 
The wait is over , \ 
Walk into your season . 
is thinking - thank you God for being more than enough . 
one wise man said to a foolish one : Your antics are , for the moment , tolerated , but they probably haven't gone unnoticed . Let's get it right people ! 
He loosed the shackles that were binding me - Who the son sets free is free indeed- Great God Almighty I'm Free !! the song of < PROPFEMALE > Winans/ MLK 
All I can say is GOD DID THAT ! 
Can someone call metro-Houston ? I feel the heat down in my soul- it's only 50 degrees is it necessary ? 
God is prospering ! God is promoting ! God is perfecting ! An alignment is in process . 
Had a fun weekend- enjoyed a baby shower- spent times with good friends for sunday lunch/anniversary celebration .... and now it's back to reality .... back on your heads ! 
To accomplish great things , we must not only act , but also dream ;\ 
not only plan , but also believe . \ 
- Anatole < PROPFEMALE > 
In a meeting full of the opposite sex , I'm thinking . They scheduled a 30 minute meeting- but it's lasted 2 hours ??? Huh ? And Men say women are not time concious ?? 
is telling herself - get your mind right ... Praise Him in Advance ! 
Lord , Fill me with more than enough that I may have something more to pour into others . Pursuing growth ! 
With you I already have sufficiency in all things . Without you I can do nothing 
God has sure shaken < PROPMALE > up today . Below 30 degrees . No street lights . Slow moving transit systems ... and snow in the forecast for the remainder of the week . Snow ? Really ? A sign of the times- #adiagladiknowjesus 
It's a good day- I thank God for it ! i've got my health and strength and I know that I'm HIS child !! 
The key to success @ anything ( a .. marriage , career , spiritual relationship , personal development ) is taking a step back , and evaluating the good , bad and the ugly ... then choosing to make the ugly-bad , the bad-good , the good-better , and the better the best ! Today I will redirect my focus and not be hasty . I realize it's all about < PROPFEMALE > with myself and others ... it's a process . 
Focus ... focus .. and focus some more . You know your goals , let's get iit ! 
Love According to the bible script #1 - Above all things have intense and unfailing love for one another , for love covers a multitude of sins [ forgives and disregards the offenses of others ] . 1 < PROPFIRST > 4 : 8 
Love accoridng to the bible script #2 - If you [ merely ] love those who love you , what quality of credit and thanks is that to you ? For even the [ very ] sinners love their lovers ( those who love them ) . < PROPMALE > 6 : 32 
Loving is accepting you will be angered-but don't have to stay that way . It's letting go the hurt even when no one admits they hurt you ; in order to proceed . - AJ 
They used to sing that old song\WE shall not be moved\ " ... today I'm putting the devil on notice .. I shall not be used ! " 
On the way to work . Stuck in traffic ... God is still good ! 
Why can't I sleep ? 
Is singing < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > - never said there wouldn't be trials never said I wouldn't fall never said that evry thang would go the way I want it to go__ . But when my 
So sleepy but my child has insomnia . Oh God give him peace so mom can get 2 hours of sleep . Amen 
A dear friend gave me great inspiration ---- I GOT THIS !!! The God in me does ! Amen 
is singing Preshea's song- fresh fire- fresh fire -falll on me -fall on me- oh-oh- fresh fire fresh fire falll on me ... til there's nothing left but You ! Let your fire burn ---- burn in me .... oh-oh 
Hakutah Matatah what a wondefurl word- It means no worries for the rest of our days it's our problem free philosophy .. Hakutah Matatah 
Today - a much needed chill day is in full effect . Im doing things at my leisure .. the .. park .... kids school .... massage ... sounds great . Praise God for rest ! 
Somebody was on the prowl , seeking what she desired --- uh-uh-uh ... I'm singing now \He's mine you may had him once but I got him all the time \"...." 
FB- Do you remember when we had beepers instead of cell phones ? All those codes to remember trying to save that quarter it would cost to make a phone call ..... LMBO- the good old days ! I'm so grateful for texting ... no more codes to remember . Here's one to my hubby , for old times sake - 123 #143 #11 . -telling my age now 
Left the house at 6:10 trying to get to work at 7:30 . It's bout 7:00 not even 1/2 way there ..... let's keep < PROPMALE > moving people ! There aren't any stop lights or signs - its called expressway for that reason .... smh .. guess I'll have to give this commute 2 hours ... 
Love is patient - < PROPFEMALE > is not passive . It is an active decision to prevent a negative circumstance by choosing to react in love- sometimes love is silent , sometimes it whispers .... love is never forceful .. yet it is relentless . Love pursues , & perseveres with < PROPFEMALE > until a negative becomes a positive . 
Love is Kind - it's not enough to be patient . If you lack kindness . < PROPFEMALE > is the love reaction that minimizes the negative circumstance . Kindness is the love reaction that maximizes even in the negative situation , and thereby creates blessings . 
Chillaxin ... my boo got some OT .... so I got the super deluxe treatment ..... hot rocks ... manicure .. pedi .. massage ... eye brows .... feels great to be pampered . 
Is thinking this is why I don't like using the park n ride- same reason I get offended at church . Au de toilet ..... my nose .... my eyes ... why ? Just why ? 
Pursuing Wisdom - Just call me < PROPFEMALE > Solomonette ... a proverbs a day keeps the ignorance away- i'm on it ! Join me FB . 
Carelessness kills ; complacency is murder . \ 
First pay attention to me , and then relax . Now you can take it easy—you're in good hands . \ The end of Proverbs 1 - isn't that great wisdom ? Yes and Amen . " 
is thinking bout that 7 fold return on what the devil stole and that 100 fold return on the seeds I've sown . Praise God for wisdom , knowledge , understanding ....... and always the Blood of Jesus that makes it all possible - Amen 
Thanking my author , originator , father , Jesus , holy spirit 4 goodness , mercy , blessings , and abundance r chasing me down . No < PROPMALE > needed Im resting in it . 
Morning FB ! Time to rise , shine and give God the < PROPFEMALE > . 
A wise woman ( DT ) once told me - Don't trip on anything ... kids , husband , money jobs , issues .. God's got it- CHECK ! It's not that I don't care - ( CD ) it's that I know the troubles of this world work out in MY FAVOR ! #Icansmileinspiteofwhatitlookslike 
Sangin - Lord whatever u doin in this season don't do it without me . Don't do it without me . 
Lord , I'm not hating but the new guy is a \loud talker\ " . Please teach him office etiquette or give me ears that are not irritated by the sound of his voice . If it's my heart fix - just fix it . " 
So all day u test if I dwell the the Holy Spirit ... all day ?? Oh the harvest is in route ! 
The person who says it can't be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it . CHinese Proverb 
I've had many tears and sorrows , \ 
singin- to my papa God - I've had questions for tomorrow , \ 
There've been times I didn't know right from wrong : \ 
But in every situation God gave blessed consolation \ 
That my trials come to only make me strong . 
When u say u don't depend on anyone- u've been TRICKED . How could that be true ? Then u can only accomplish what u can do on your own .. God made everyone else 4 nothing ... very Sad - so near yet so far . Lord give us more wisdom & understanding 
Trying times are no time to quit trying .... all for u God .... only for u .... #frustrated . 
I never lose when I sacrifice for God'sake . It's not losing . It positions me for gains . It always pays off-Thanks Dr. B Billiard ! I've been enlightened . 
If I could stay home today I would . I feel a worship workout in my spirit .... oh well , guess I will take all my worship to work . Let it flow all over the bldg ! 
Which one is more important a meeting or free shoes ?? 
