I'm fine just got an acount yesterday . My friends kept threatening to make one for me 

How come I can't comment on all of the photos 
Some desrve to be on news feed 
Doing homework weekend after its due 
I don't like it when people who spam news feeds with \likes\ " every 10 miliseconds " 
Nat Geo on Great White Sharks : If you want to understand it you have to catch it\ 
Me : That's stupid , you don't do that to women do you ? 
Recovering from puking up all the contents of my stomach yesterday 
Trying to get homework and worring about them calling back when I go to to the barber 
I am so sicvk and my friends made me feel so guilty over it . I think I'm starting to get a really nasty fever . I have the week off and this is how I spend it ? 
Feeling guilty after barricading my house from my friends just to prove a point . Their probably still mad about the very inventive \water balloon\ " I dropped from a window at them . " 
School is finally and officially OVER !!!!!!!!! Bye the way the posts on my news feed are making less sense by the day 
I've bonded with my brother for the first time in two years . lol 
OMG I'm in < PROPFIRST > !!!! I just got here today ! 
I saw Versaille today . I would be miserable liveing there . I felt so sorry for my eyes , because at the end of the day there is only so much tacky wall paper and cieling frescos you can deal with . I'm starting to think the french chopped of their kings head as an act of mercy . The only room I liked was the \Hall of Mirrors\ " . Its as awsome as they say it is . " 
Today I went to the Latin Quarter . Basically I had to walk across all of < PROPFIRST > to get to the tour meeting spot and then I was told it was a walking tour . I was not amused . I think my legs might still be sore 
I'm back in the USA !! I'm not entirely sure I'm happy about it though 
Does anyone from stuy have summer homework . I'm panicking because I can'r find a hint of my own summer h.w. 
Does anyone know how to login to e chalk 
I'm back facebook ! 
Is there such thing as death by homework ? 
Its my brothers birthday :) 
How many people have had their streets cleaned of snow ? I've never seen them take so long to plow my neighborhood . 
