Hey < PROPFEMALE > I got your message . Have fun while you are there . 

My life totally sucks ! 
My life sucks because I am getting older , my kids are leaving the nest , and I have to go back to work tomorrow :( Other than that , life is good . 
I am so glad I have 2 days off from work :) I thought I was going nuts - the same people just a new day over and over again . I was beginning to wonder if I was in an ER version of the movie ' Groundhog Day ' - lol I am now off to bed for a few hours :) 
I am off to bed everyone ! I have to work again tonight :( It was nice catching up . Keep posting pictures so that I can see what ' normal ' people look like . Where I work , we don't see many ' normal ' people . WARNING : Scary things come out after dark ! ( someti 
I got to volunteer as an EMT tonight for the TV show Extreme Home Makeover . It was really neat ! 
Had an awesome time with my 2 favorite ladies . Lots of laughter ! 
I am so proud of < PROPFEMALE > C . She got off on time and went home to bed . lol 
Good night world . Off to bed so I can get up and go to work again ! Yea !!!! I can't wait to go back into work :) Maybe they will let me stay in Room 18 today :) 
I miss my family , my friends , and church so much :( Just letting you all know that < PROPFIRST > & I are planning a party for Sept . 18 . Its the Friday night of the Bean Festival . I'll send more info later . And of course , we are going to have Chili for the parade on Saturday night . Hope to see you all ! 
Once again as the real world starts to embrace their day , I am off to bed :( Good night lovely world ! See you someday ! 
Woo Hoo !! We had an awesome night in the ER . < PROPFEMALE > C was in charge and did an awesome job !!!!!! I will work for you any day :) Thanks for coming in and working with us ! 
Today is a very special day at our house . Its someone's birthday ! Yea !!!! Party ! Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > , Mommy loves you :) hehehehehe You got to love me , God gave you especially to me ! Yea ! :) 
I wish everyone a Happy Monday ! For me , this is my FRIDAY ! Tonight is my last night out of 5 nights in a row . Can't wait until my ' weekend ' begins - Tuesday . Its no wonder I am crazy , my whole work schedule is CRAZY ! 
Just watched Marley & Me and cried like a baby ! I watched the Gag Reel so that I would forget the sad ending :( 
What's this world coming to ? I get sick , off work for a few days and everything is changing . < PROPFEMALE > is going to have a baby and < PROPFEMALE > is leaving me . I am going to be so lonely :( 
Thanks for all of the get well wishes . I am feeling better and will be back to work on Monday . 
What the heck is going on at the Ohio State Game ? Some freaky stuff going down . 
Yeah ! I get to go to work on Monday ! P.S. I am reading a book ' Battlefield of the Mind ' . Positive encouraging thoughts bring about positive encouraging attitude . lololol 
Hi Ho Hi HO its off to the doctor's I go with Mom in tow once again Hi HO HI HO . I hope this is the last one for her for a good while . I have gone to more doctors in the last month than I do in a whole year . Getting old has to suck if all they do is sit in a doctor's office all the time . 
Ok I am off to the Doctor's world . if you can't find , just call around to any of the local doctors office . I am probably sitting in one of their waiting rooms . Have a wonderful day everyone ! 
Last night was my first of 5 days in a row to work . Good night everyone . 
My life is so not right :) I am reading everyone's posting and 99% of you are so upset that its Monday and your work week is beginning again . In my life , Monday is my Friday ! I love Mondays !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well its bed time for me . night every one 
Bean Festival Weekend ! It came and now it is gone . We had an awesome time playing Euchre Friday night and chili/potato soup on Saturday for the parade . Thanks to all who came out and shared with us . Same time again next year you all !!!!! 
Hey ! Off to work . The first day in 9 days . I am so excited . I can't wait to get to work . 
Just watched Survivor . I hate < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . they are such scum . MEN !!!!! Now off to bed . Night everyone :) 
I know a lot of you were skeptical but I am going to say it again : I am so glad I am going to work today . 1 down and 4 more to go . Yea !!!!!! P.S. Positive mind is suppose to bring about positive attitude - how do you think I am doing ? lololol 
I'll see ( read ) you all later for I am so happy to go to work today . Bye ! 
I think my dog is having an anxiety attack due to the weather . He remembers being with out electricity for days ! He is shaking every time the wind picks up out side . lolololol 
Night everyone ! 
I just don't get it , I treat some person the way I want to be treated and I don't get the same treatment back . grrrrrrrrrr men !!!!!!!!!!! 
I just finished watching 3 DVDs - ( 1)Garden State - don't waste your time-very slow and I am not quite sure what the point of the movie . ( 2)Freedom Writers - AWESOME MOVIE - everyone should see this movie , I'm going to go buy it . ( 3 ) W . - another waste of my time . I'm now going to bed . 
I had the best day ever today !!!!!!!!!!! My whole family was here and we celebrated < PROPFIRST>'s birthday ! It was great . Thanks to all who came and shared their day with me . Love you all :) 
HELP !!!!! Today is < PROPFIRST>'s birthday and I wanted to buy him a stethoscope but do not know where I could purchase one offline . I totally forgot to order it and there is no way I can order one online to be here today by 3:30 p.m. Is there a place in the Dayton/Springfield area where I can purchase a stethoscope and possible blood pressure cuff ? 
Thanks to all of you for your help . I went to the College Store over by Wright State and they had them . I got his stethoscope , bandage scissors , trauma scissors , pen light , and Basic flip pocket book . Now everyone pray he passes his test ! He hasn't set his date yet but I am confident that he will pass :) 
CHRISTMAS STAMP-A-STACK CARD MAKING EVENT < PROPFEMALE > BURBA'S BASEMENT 52 W . WASHINGTON ST . JAMESTOWN , OHIO NOVEMBER 15 , 2009 4 P.M. - ? COST : $15/kit RSVP : OCT . 20 w/$5 deposit ( if you are interested , email me at lburba@sbcglobal.net and I will email the actual invite to you that has the pictures of the 4 card designs ) 
Another day with a migraine :( Iwoke up with it and I still have it . It won't go away . More meds and more sleep . I don't know what else to do . 
Thank you Lord ! I found my debt card under the clawfoot tub :) 
I still have a little bit of headache . Not as bad as sunday or yesterday . I am praying that when I wake up later today I will be headache FREE !!!!! 
I don't usually do this . It is only 6:30 a . m . and I am ready for bed . Thanks for the prayers for my headache . Its still there but only about a 1 on the pain scale . I'll take that over what it was . Also , my debt card fell out of my pants pocket . lol But who would have ever looked under their tub ! Night everyone !!!! Enjoy your beautiful day . 
Due to backorder items that will not arrive until December , I have to cancel my Christmas Stamp a Stack party . Sorry :) I will try to schedule another stamp a stack after the holidays . 
I just need to know why some people spit their food on others :) lololololol You can dress them up but you just can't take them out ! lolololol 
Let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior ... We need to get God back in < PROPFEMALE > ... If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status . 
There is nothing worse than hearing your child cry and know that you can not put your arms around them to comfort them because you are not there with them :( 
All things are good in motherhood today . I can't stand it when my children hurt but things are very < PROPFEMALE > for now . I give a ' HAWLER ' to all who only have to work 2 - 3 days this week . Be thankful for and remember those of us who give up our families and holidays to keep you all safe , secure and well :) 
Now that things are looking well in the world , off to bed I must go . Night everyone ! 
just as the world is waking up , i am off to bed . everyone enjoy your day . night 
I had an awesome time at work last night . All my children came and had dinner with me . I absolutely loved it . I miss them so much . Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for sharing some of you with me :) 
On my way to bed again . Night everyone . 
One last thought before I go - if I have more blubber on me than a herd of whales in the ocean , why am I freezing to death ! I hate this cold weather . I'm going to wrap up in a ton of blankets and try to get warm . Did I say , I hate this weather - I HATE THIS COLD WEATHER !!!!!!!! Mother Nature needs to get off her high horse and bring back the warm nice weather . 
Hey you all ' Haunting Evidence ' is now on truTV til 3 a.m. 
Q : How in the world does one person accumulate $18 in fines at county library ? A : When their daughter who works at the county library does not take back her mother's books !!!!! 
The ' < PROPMALE > Dodd ' saga continues . . . . I went to delete him as per < PROPFEMALE>'s recommendation and now I CAN'T FIND HIM !!!! He is no longer listed as one of my friends . WHATS THE DEAL !?!?!? This is very freaky . 
I'm so excited and I just can't hide it(do you hear the music ) . . . . . . I am off for the next 3 days !!!!!!!!! WOOHOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
looking at pictures of < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > holiday trip . they were awesome . makes me miss my family . looking forward to sunday with them all :) 
On my way to bed but wanted to say thank-you to all my children and my hubby for such a wonderful day yesterday . It means a lot to me spending time with my family . Thank you also for my birthday gift and beautiful koala cupcake cake ! Spending time with you all is priceless :) 
Sorry for the confusion - my birthday is yet to come but due to my work schedule the family decided to celebrate it this past weekend . No one has missed it . I was just very thankful for the time with them and i wanted them to know :) 
Good night cold cruel world . I want to wake up to a bright HOT day ! 
M*M ( you know who you are- lol ) no cake . . . no chocolate . . . nor anything else could ever help celebrate my birthday except for your physical bodies beling in the ER tonight . . . . . . Well maybe one thing - hearing that you had a great time , you both deserve it :) No hard feeling . And < PROPFEMALE > , you are correct . lolololololol 
I am glad all of you enjoyed the pictures of < PROPMALE > . I miss him so much . 
My heart goes out to his daughter , < PROPFEMALE > who didn't get to experience the memories we have . She was only 5 when he died . I would love to create a scrapbook w/our memories & pics of < PROPMALE > to share w/her . Let me know if you can contribute . She enjoys hearing about her dad & treasures anything that helps her get to know her him . She is alot like him/she loves to make people laugh 
As I sit on the couch , he strolls down stairs with sleepy eyes and states , ' did you make it home ok ? ' I couldn't resist and said , ' no , I am stuck in a ditch somewhere . ' lolololol 
I hate change . I was just getting used to the way Facebook was and now it goes and changes things again . I am going to bed and hypernate for the day . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > 
I don't get this - is News Feed now our Live Feed ? 
Sorry for ' my birthday cake ' pictures again . i don't know how to work the picture thingy on here . i just wanted to change my profile picture . 
< PROPFIRST > and I have been together since I was a freshman in high school-1979 . We will be celebrating our 25th Wedding Anniversary this coming April with a vacation to Gatlinburg , < PROPFEMALE > Beach&Virginia Beach . I dated him all through high school and married him 2 yrs after graduating . We had our time apart throughout premartial status & have had some rocking roads . Its all worth it in the end , til death do us part 
Off to a nice , warm bed where I can snuggle down under the covers while it SNOWS yet another day ! 
Oh no ! This Friday , someone has reached the peak of ' over the hill ' :) 
I was so excited about today until I got a migraine :( I didn't get to go and see Becklynn . I hate days like this !!!!!!!!!! 
I had an awesome time with my bffs !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Got home at 4:15 a.m. from partying at my parents house - WOOOO HOOOO ! Let the good times roll :) 
I had a wonderful day yesterday spending time with < PROPFEMALE > , Becklynn and < PROPFEMALE > . I took video and pictures of Miss Becklynn and will try to post them later . Yesterday was a great day - spending time with family and friends ! Loved it !!!!! 
I am heading to bed for the day ! Yea ! 
watching hoarders . is my friend milli ? 
Hey Milli How you feeling ? 
Happy Easter Everyone ! Praise God for He is Risen !!!!!! 
Count down is initiated .... 4 shifts to work & only 12 days away !!!! 
I still have only 4 shifts to work but only 10 more days until we leave for VACATION !!!!!!!! 
I can't take this migraine anymore urgghhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am not a Yeti ! I am not a Yeti ! I am not a Yeti ! No matter what they say , I am not a Yeti ! lol The Yeti went with the nice Sherriff . 
Yea !!!! One last shift to work and then I am off work for 3 1/2 wks !!!!!!!!!! This time next Sunday I will be on my way to Gatlinburg with my hubby . We are celebrating our 25th Wedding Anniversary with a trip to Gatlinburg , < PROPFEMALE > Beach and < PROPFEMALE > Beach . WOOO HOOO !!!!! I can't wait . 
All the Yetis in Greene county got the memo I was going on vacation . So they are coming in today to wish bon voyage ! Aren't I lucky :( 
Its OFFICIAL ! I am on V-A-C-A-T-I-O-N ! 
Took Mom to the last appointment today . Doing laundry tomorrow and packing . Birthday party on Saturday . Sunday hitting the road for an AWESOME VACATION . Can't wait :) 
We are back from our Anniversary trip to Gatlinburg , < PROPFEMALE > Beach , and < PROPFEMALE > Beach . We had a great time . < PROPFEMALE > and I went to Fort < PROPMALE > IN today for the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Sale . I personally don't want to go on any more road trips for a few days . 
Personally , I don't like the ' empty ' nest feeling . I can't wait for < PROPFEMALE > to come back . Its bad enough that < PROPFIRST > has moved out :( Just call me crazy-I like my chicks close to home . 
I am so glad I have 2 more days off to recover from this weekend - 2 grad parties and 2 family bbqs . Lots of great food and fun times with families and friends . 
Thank you to all you serve our country - God bless you ! 
Second day in a row seeing the sun in the a.m. its so beautiful 
The rain did not take the humidity away :( 
hey < PROPFEMALE > , its in my locker < PROPMALE > for the wisks :) 
My favorite Son turned 23 yesterday :( Where has the time gone ? And I had to work during his surprise b-day party :( I am so glad < PROPFIRST > gave him a party and that they had a great turn out and tons of fun . 
Umm ..... what ....... really ...... nope ....... don't care ....... whatever ........ help ........ it doesn't matter ........ not hearing you ....... really ........ oh well ....... next !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful fathers in the world including my dad and my husband ! 
To all my peeps , please be praying for a friend of mine - < PROPFEMALE > . She was involved in a serious accident on I-675 yesterday . She is in ICU at a local hospital in serious condition . I know some of you already know all about this but to those who don't , please keep her and her family in your prayers . No one can have too many prayers . 
To my peeps : Update on my friend Katie-They removed her breathing tube , oxygen , and one of her a-lines . She got to sit upright today , and is talking ( not a lot , but some ! ) . She is still VERY sleepy . She is already a living , breathing MIRACLE !!! THANK YOU ALL FOR PRAYING FOR SOMEONE WHO YOU MAY NOT KNOW-ISN'T GOD GREAT ! KEEP PRAYING FOR HER :) 
its almost time for eclipse ! 
Hey peeps , I need for all of you to please continue to pray for my friend < PROPFEMALE > . She was doing better but had a set back Thursday . She is in Cardiac ICU as of Thursday night . Up to this point , everything was going great . This is tough on everyone . Please keep her and family/friends on your prayers . She is a super great person and shouldn't have to go through all of this . 
< PROPFEMALE > baker 
\made the doughnuts\ " and my arms feels like rubber . Just two more nights for ' it's time to make the doughnuts ' - woo hoo " 
off to make the doughnuts again . 
off to make the doughnuts again 
I had the most amazing day Sunday ! We celebrated my baby's 20th bday . < PROPFIRST > came to our church today . Everyone went to lunch at Red < PROPFIRST > where they sang to < PROPFEMALE > without me saying anything . We came back to the house for cake and ice cream . < PROPFIRST > got to meet Becklynn . < PROPFEMALE > held Becklynn for the first time . It was such an amazing day ! Thank you Jesus for this time for all of us to be together . 
My heart aches ....... but i know God will take care of it :) 
I have the best husband ever ! I totally trashed the kitchen and then went to bed . He came home and cleaned it all up :) 
NEVER FORGOTTEN 9/11 
Why ? 
< PROPFIRST > lemaster 
God is awesome ! My husband walked to the car place and picked up my < PROPFIRST > for me to have to drive to work :) And its his birthday today ! 
i love my < PROPFIRST > i love my < PROPFIRST > ooohhh how i love my < PROPFIRST > ! 
I love my < PROPFIRST > i love my < PROPFIRST > oohh how i love my < PROPFIRST > ! 
Ok everyone , you will probably think I am totally off my rocker but I have to ask - why do women have to shave their legs to be sexy but men don't have to shave their faces !?! 
i love my daughter < PROPFEMALE > much ! she is my favorite child ! and no , i was not held hostage by her to say this !!! 
sitting in regal with my two best daughters in the world waiting to see < PROPMALE > potter 
that was an awesome movie !!!!!! 
i had a talk with mother nation yesterday . i asked her to take it easy on father time this winter and let us have a nice warm winter . i think she listened . its 328 am on monday and it is 60 degrees ! woohoo ! im so excited :) 
got off work early-yea ! just need groceries - going to krogers :) 
krogers is closed til 5a - boo :( going to walmart - urg ! 
got my groceries :) in and out of walmart under 1 hr-PRICELESS !!!! 
The Big Bang Theory ER episode is the BEST !!!!! It makes me laugh every time . 
OMG !!!! The second episode of the Big Bang Theory is also one of my favorite . We actually may see people like that - lmao ! 
Two of my family members are now on the naughty list ! 
My son just earned his MASTERS !!!!!! WOO HOO !!!!! I am so proud of him :) 
< PROPFEMALE > found out she has 4.0 at CSU !!! WOO HOO !!! Where did I get such intelligent children ? God has truly blessed me :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Have a wonderful New Year ! Remember Jesus is the reason for the season ! 
WOO HOO !!! Its 330 am on Chrismas morning ! Its snowing and I am off work ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
It bit of advice to all : do not eat shrimp scampi and then go see a 2 1/2 hr movie . I'm just saying , don't do it :) 
