I need to get my mind right for the cold , the snow , and the foolishness that is Milwaukee ... I should probably start right now . 

Packers , my Packers ... I still have faith ! 
What the hell are you doin at the club on a Tuesday night ?? Is it your birthday ?! Thanks to ALL for the good bday vibes ! Can we all do this again next month ? 
BUCKS RULE , HAWKS DROOL !! 
And the Hawks are getting WORKED in Milwaukee as we speak ! 
Paint ball + cool peeps = good times 
Wait a minute , where did all my $ go ?? Oh , yea ... the house always wins . It's no lie , folks ! 
Hate to say goodbye , but love to see a caged bird fly - I'll miss you much , bf ! 
Word ... 
Please cease , never met a blue drink I like . Not gonna change . 
You know me , I'm not easily convinced . You gotta come with more than that . 
I love it when the little things in life take my breath away ! 
GSU football baby ! I finally understand what college ball is all about ! 
Thank god this game finally started ! Favre for life !! 
I see you Falcons ... 
Oh bother , the sickness got me !! 
Happy Veteran's Day , thank you for all you do ! Shout out to my little big sister vet < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and big brother bday boy < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , enjoy your shared day ! 
Remember , it doesn't matter whether you win or lose ; what matters is whether I win or lose . 
Can Thanksgiving be tomorrow instead ? That'd be grreeeaaat . 
GA is where I live but WI is my hometown ... sorry Falcons GB is gonna get ya ! 
Just roll with it and listen to me , I'm trying to better you ... 
Home mad early for Christmas ! 
Does anyone else really LOVE these Christmas claymation movies ? Or is it just me ? 
May the best of your past be the worst of your future - Happy 2O11 ! 
Green , gold , and Sumi at the Dome this Saturday ! 
Location : The Dome . 
Shhhhhh ! You have to be quiet ... we just put the Falcons to bed . 
Can you say Superbowl ??? I can , go GB ! 
That's not yellow I'm wearing , it's gold ... Go GB ! 
Victory ! 
Raise your hand if you're going to St. < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
Take me to get somethin to eeeaaat ! 
Yall whine too much 
More money + more bills = damn shame 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood ! 
Still can't believe she got me in HOT pink ! But it looked good though 
Kickball is the shit 
A big thank you to all the good people for the bday wishes via fb , text , phone , and in person ! 
