< PROPFIRST > Wilde says this : “One should absorb the color of life , but one should never remember the details . Details are always vulgar . ” (‘The Picture of < PROPFIRST > Gray’) i'm intrigued by this idea . 

ALL MY FRIENDS who make video or sound should come to the 911 rummage sale tomorrow , even at the risk of making a busy day even busier , you will find cool things . it's 10-5 at 911 . 
phew ! home at last . time for a dream i will more than likely never remember . 
Stravinsky's Firebird suite , working on some images for a show . 
another new haircut , sonic the hedgehog , dear friends and < PROPMALE > ists . basketball . < PROPMALE > museum . lunch . < PROPMALE > palmer(s ) . BBQs ( multiple ) . guitars . foosball . tetris . old friends . new friends . one soon to visit and others away . by phone . by email . by text . with 
phew , first week of class done ( 1 of 7) ! the kids are great , and they're taking to web design with relatively little difficulty . 
tonight i ate the best beef ever . 
working on a mix disc , eating cereal , enjoying the cool / cloud light coming in the window . 
, always with the transitions , always with the confusion and the change . 
but also , who's got a duffle bag i can borrow for a month ? in the way of something with a good strap for ease of carrying , but with room for a laptop , some microphones , maybe an mbira and a ukulele and some clothes . what else do i need to pack ? 
mohawk . my brother would be proud . if he knew . 
hello computer . hello everybody . everything is amazing (!!!!!) . thank you . back to recording . 
telling stories am die mitte watching the stars ? check . bread cheese butter jams chutney and mint water ? check . makeshift mic stands and instrument procurement ( borrowed from neighbors) ? check . learning to swim in the rhine ? tomorrow , after starting to design and build a pond ( were to steal the waterlillies ? we shall see ) . 
soccer , rain , long walks , long jokes , long talks , an evening of stimmung mit brot et la batterie , a family brushing teeth . 
the connection is better by the window . 
turns out i'm still traumatized about swimming from that near drowning event when i was six . my best efforts to overcome it failed . and not even in the rhine , but in the kiddie pool , with children laughing at my ineptitude . what a sad state of affairs . ( but then again , it's about par for the course , Re : me VS . physical activity . ) 
just saw almodóvar's new film . brilliant . also , movies cost 17 dollars here , when seemingly everything else is at least moderately comparable to our statesy prices , so , you know . keep that in mind . and hopefully we can find the ingredients tomorrow to make tamales . or at least some reasonable facsimile . 
made an incredible dinner with tilla for her family tonight . tamales , saffron rice , beans , molé , guacamolé , tortillas , entirely from scratch , even to the grinding of the pumpkin seeds for molé . another triumph ! 
working , listening to < PROPMALE > glass . 
leaving in 24 hours . a lazy day after 7 long farm days . see you soon ! 
who wants a 15 inch LCD tv ? it has a dead pixel but it's free ! if you choose , it can come with a dvd/vhs player , and a cassette tape player , and a vintage record/radio cabinet to put them all on . come pick it up , oh please ! 
meeting , massage , post office , 911 , bank , contact lenses , american apparel , maceroni and cheese . 
who wants a pretty sweet toaster oven ? it's a large convection toaster oven , which can be ( and has been ) used to make pies and pizzas . ( fo ' free ! ) 
lukestar , caribou , the temper trap , shout out lourds , doves , sondre lerche , < PROPMALE > costello , led zeppelin . baking bread . 
feels a bit out of sorts at present . sleep ? work ? organize ? rummage ? eat something salty ? something not salty ? 
, BASKETBALL . 2:30 . miller playfield . 
if i don't move soon , these bus rides will surely KILL me . dead . stone cold . at least emotionally . 
everything must go ! who wants some an enlarger , some trays , and some photo chemistry ? timer and safe light included . 
SEATTLE IN 24 HOURS . ( i miss everybody ( but it's been nice to be home . ) 
netflix just told me that my taste in dvds has the following suggestions for me : \ Cerebral Foreign Dramas . \"" 
every flaming lips album , in order , while i clean and cook . 
who wants all my text books from design school ( theory and practice books , not software or the like ) . they're certainly a bit out of date if you're in school now ( < PROPMALE > ) , but they have some great information . graphics master 7 kills . ( it has a ruler included . ) 
done wrangling 9-13 year olds this week ( phew ! ) , now to maybe finish my costume before going to see the Degenerate < PROPMALE > Ensemble again . 
can't wait (!) . . . 
selective memory ( everything's alright ) 
why am i not making a film ? how can i get work just a bit more steadily ?, why are there so few hours ? 
who wants my teenage mutant ninja turtles collection ? 
wishes he hadn't missed the cornish senior open house ! ( but < PROPFIRST>' birthday party was an absolute delight ( until the firemen showed up) ! ) 
— wishing that things worked the way they do in the classic film : romancing the stone . i feel that i need an adventure in colombia . one involving farms . 
. . . oh hello ideas . how can i help you ? 
is done with the first pass of arrangements . the band is looking like a piano , a toy piano , vibraphone , violin , < PROPFEMALE > , cello , bass , harpsichord and concertina . he might try to add a harp or mbira into that mix once rehearsals begin . . . 
avec mon oncle , apres < PROPMALE > rêves . < PROPMALE > tati is clearly brilliant . 
Don't forget : I'm performing at the opening of ' Rattle My Cage ' tonight at Vermillion ! i'll be with < PROPFIRST > Webb's band at 10pm , Whiting Tennis performs at 8 , and the show opens at 7 . It's curated by my dear friend < PROPFEMALE > and is surely brilliant , come see/hear ! 
uhuh . kinda distracted lately . hopefully finishing the set up of my new studio will be helpful . if/when . 
it's very cold in the basement . but it's the only nearby set of weighted keys to begin practicing my piano parts . one song down . 
does his errands tomorrow . in the meantime he is aimless . 
only listening to dream theater today . YES ! 
haunted by fantastic foxes and mysterious wolves ( along with plenty of beach boys ) . 
: all dressed up with nowhere to go . 
learned so much about bread today ! 
started developing 3 years of film this week . 9 new photos here : http://thishereadventure.com/ 
30,000 songs on shuffle gets some odd mashups . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > -> weezer -> pink < PROPMALE > -> ministry -> pink < PROPMALE > -> they might be giants -> front line assembly -> cradle of filth 
: cherche < PROPFEMALE > renard . . . 
is sore all over . and a bit dizzy . 
lemon . < PROPFEMALE > . gypsy therapy ( via the dear , sweet mr. finnerty ) . plenty of < PROPFIRST > bird . this is recovery . 
holy geez . thank you all SO MUCH for all the birthday wishes ! it was a bit overwhelming ! amazing ! it's definitely been an excellent birthweek ! so many well wishing and humbling moments and beautiful everything ! 
hates the sinus infection he got for his birthday . hopefully it will finally leave soon . 
who wants a GPS unit for their car ( or bike ? ( or bus riding experience ? )) ? my bank just gave me one . 
i either tore a muscle or fractured a rib while coughing . apparently both are possible . and whatever it is hurts like hell . on the plus side i just got a bowling ball and shoes for my birthday ! thank you Mr. < PROPMALE > and Mr. Makic ! 
no more beard . no more mohawk . 
a fever now , is it ? well , if this thing's going to last for 4 weeks , it may as well vary a bit . 
making the smooth transition from sickness to allergic reaction . hello spring ! 
IS WORKING ! ( yeesh ) . 
listening to megadeth at work is the best . when under deadlines . 
it feels so very nice , this first day back at my old job . comfortable . . . quite like i'd never been gone . 
it happened before , and so it can happen again . 
our wonderful string section finished their parts for the album today ! thank you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and asher ! ( next < PROPMALE > and jherek get < PROPFEMALE>'s french horn , some extranious instrumental and textural overdubs , then vocals . later jherek mixes and produces this < PROPFEMALE > , and we have a record in our hands . for you to hear ! ( give us a couple months )) . 
is listening to every Cure album ( in chronological order ) today . 
wonders where he'll find himself . ( certainly the last place he looks , and probably in a pickle , once there . . . ) 
as per last night , if you weren't at the yair's show or at on the\ 
boards , what in the world were you doing with yourself ? nw new works\ 
was pretty excellent all ' round . < PROPFIRST > pham ruled the show though , i\ 
believe . . . 
wednesday , < PROPMALE > . hiking in the mountains on friday anybody ? 
working while the bread bakes , getting ready to launch a website , and make dinner for my mommy . tomorrow = montreal . 
now writing letters . . . 
OK , also , with whom can i stay while i'm in new york ? i'm gonna be there from the 5th to the 13th , and various things keep working out and then falling through . anybody willing to put me up for a spell ? doens't have to be the whole time ! 
needs to write you all letters , I've been out of touch for too long ! ( but first dinner ) 
I am back in this Seattle saddle 
is now an adjunct faculty member at cornish college of the arts ! 
falling asleep in highline park on a designer bench . . . 
is now boarding flight AA269 with non-stop service to seattle-tacoma international airport . 
8 hours until i pick up the attendance sheets ( or what-have-you ) , and you can [ officially ] call me profé . 
seriously ? i need to have snow leopard at this point to develop an app at all ? where are the old releases of the SDK on their site !? what's up ? 
is remastering his first album ( moving . acting , september 2004 ) , starting now . yikes . 
is taking time . 
SFO -> SEA , departing at 2:20 . 
come to portland and see this with me ! my friend < PROPFIRST > is amazing ( and , i suppose , others involved in the performance will be as well . . . ) 
i can't believe i just made a website which didn't need any special internet explorer ( 7 ) jive . . . nearly unheard of . 
residency application proposal description :\ 
\ 
an audio based gallery installation , utilizing motion sensors and\ 
flat-panel directional speakers , to give visitors a unique experience\ 
of harmonic tension , based compositionally on early mozart symphonies , \ 
and intellectually on research into the cognitive syntax of harmony . \ 
in other words : give me $ 5,000 
plane tickets purchased . i will be living in new york city starting december 19th . i'm compiling a calendar with which to make sure i neglect nobody before i go . i intend to get my fill of all the wonderful people i know here in these next 44 days . 
apparently by trying to update my phone i broke it . i'll let you know if this condition changes . . . 
so . Yes . If I ever had your number . I don't . text me , and I'll try to guess who you are based on any clues you might provide . \ 
( if you're not on Facebook , but are my friend , chances are you're not reading this . But I wonder : if I don't run into you in the next 21 days , will I ever see you again ? ( i don't know what to do about this ) . ) 
this much i know is true : i have an allergy to hazelnuts . \ 
( also , synchronize your watches : NYC countdown : 18 days , 20 hours , 57 minutes ) 
today my piano ' goes public . ' \ 
( also , watch out : 12 days , 2 hours ) 
4 days , 21 hours . \ 
can somebody meet me at JFK on sunday and help me < PROPFEMALE > stuff ? i won't have too much . but more than i can < PROPFEMALE > on my own . . . 
4 change of address forms , replacement [ for lost ] debit card , suits at cleaners , grades turned in . next ? 
I could set my watch to the ' randomness ' of airport searches , and ' special screenings ' given to men with < PROPFEMALE > skin and beards dressed unusually and traveling with music equipment . and if I had set my watch to it , I might have actually been on my flight right now . . . \ 
apparently the universe thinks I'm supposed to meet somebody at this airport today , or that I just need some time here to think . \ 
well ok . 
thanks to everybody for all the well wishing , help packing , airport support , and most of all being both sent off and received with 100% love and helpfulness , i now live in new york . ( phew ! ) 
i now have my old computer operating as a virtual machine within my new computer . meaning i can at last access all my in-progress music projects . \ 
today is indeed a work day . 
i miss playing music in front of people , and the friends i used to play it with . 
it took a bit of finagling , but as of today ( thanks to the love of friends and trust of strangers ) , i have both a place to live , and a job . ( working at random house [ in the rogue epub ops department ] , living on the upper west [ equidistant from riverside and central parks ]) . \ 
at last , in a few days time , i can unpack . 
