A whole new year 

EVERYTHING 
asfjgasfrhakwgfawegfawahdfjkhawdfh 
New thoughts , New feelings 
Nothing much 
pft 
Alanis Morissette Ironic . 
ellivedneV nehpetS 
I am watching a movie ... maybe you heard of it ... its called ....................... TARZAN , hells yeah , ( sorry for the hell part ) . But hey what can you do . 
I have only 13 friends do I suck or what . 
I suck I have only 13 friends , but on the up side I am watching Tarzan yeah . 
Says \today is thursday . \ " She said \ " no today is friday . \"" 
Says its 2:13 . NO wait its 2:14 damn time can't stay still . 
Fish 
uses facebook like a kid and plays games :D 
Tired , sleepy ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, afddf oops fell asleep lol . yawn . ( and yes I did just yawn . ) 
Getting my hair brushed by a 4 year old girl . And she brushes hard . 
THEY CANCELED HEROES I AM MAD GRRR I REALLY LIKED THAT SHOW AND NOW WHAT AM I GOING TO DO WITH MY FREE TIME ... 
< PROPMALE > nac < PROPFEMALE > wack ... 
There once was an old lady who swallowed a fly , I don't know why she swallowed a fly perhaps she'll die ... 
Not as selective as he thought . 
Puked coffee out of his nose . 
Posting something New ... 
tekcap ytinutroppo reerac 
Dragon tales Yeah !!! 
que hoy es ? 
Why are those logs moving ... 
Just remember what I said . 
Dancing and singing with my cuz at Grams , Shh don't tell grandma tho . 
I have one hand in my poket and the other one is giving a high five . 
I MISS THE BERNZOTTS 
Is now tanish 
Caught a fly ball ... in Wii sports . Ohh yeah . 
\You can say old McDonald in the morning \"" 
dir , es , < PROPFEMALE > , aimre , tuperware . 
; askgf ; ahglsflkj 
Hahahahahahahahahahaha .... WAIT , what was I laughing about ? 
Some people are just rude . :( 
Cleaning and singing , run away ? 
Never sleeps any more ( ok I do sleep just not a whole lot ) 
merrr ' 
Merrkeral 
Had a great time over at my cuzes the other day . ! _ ! 
Classes start tomorrow yeah ! 
Felt like an Idiot , I was looking for my class and well I was not using the room# I was using the CRN or what ever it was called , luckily I ran in to < PROPFIRST > Balden and she helped me , YEAHHHHH !!!! 
Class was canceled . :( 
rrrerrrerrrg . dloc llits mi dna sehtolc ni eot ot daeh derevoc mi . helb . tah retniw ym ho . swvolg emos deen i . dloc gnad os < PROPFEMALE > yeht . elprup < PROPFEMALE > sdnah yM 
I have a confession ... Im White . 
Is a very kind person . 
Pain , confusion about things , what's new . 
What's the quickest way to get calm when you are angry .... Idk but hey when I started writing this I was pissed and now I am back to normal WTF . 
Is tired of being second best to everyone . 
If every person left < PROPFEMALE > three cookies he would eat about 20,622,235,473 . 
Of corse the one person who owes me an apology wouldn't . Instead we all get anger , great thats just what we need . Question how can someone be so crude to pretend to like someone just to get them to do things for them ? And if the person who I am talking about does not feel this way we he can just apologize and most will be forgiven . 
Kick ASS 
Got slapped in the face . 
At McDonalds with my baby sister :) 
Shaved the hair on his chest and stomach . You want to see ? 
Playin pool with the cuzes 
Yes 
Ladh 
Odors that increase blood flow to the penis include : lavender , licorice , chocolate , doughnuts and pumpkin pie . 
Now my night sucks ... I get to drink by myself woohoo . 
Used a parking meter for the first time , and wao it is expensive . :( 
Wants to do something tonight . What to do , what to do ? 
Baby no love .. Don't hurt me .. no more . 
Running into a tree sounds good about now . 
HAPPY BIRTH DAY .... CHACHACHA ..... 
Its Mags Bday yeahyeahyeah , CHA CHA CHA . 
At bounceland . 
Crashed my car around two today 
Is at the mall 
Stupid Christmas , and stupid presents , every year I tell people I Hate presents . 
Like a good neighbor ..... 
Rockin out to party in the USA 
Fuck'n teenagers 
Conflict is with my self , should I say something to someone else ? 
Night to all of those who ain't me . 
Last night was fun ! 
Made it 28 hours without smoking a black , but apparently I'm weak and got a nicotine fit , damn . Now it's time to start over . 
Good luck to those who need it , and for those of you that don't , all I have to say is mustard . 
Potato salad :( 
Good night , sleep tight . 
Octapharma . Here I come :/ 
I love pickles divided by 2 
I know life is not a slut but can it be a little easier , not just for my sake but for the people that need it ! _ ! 
I love all of my family blood or not . 
Goodness gravy 
Hmm can't seem to tag everyone so here is to everyone happy valentines day . 
Peanut butter and jelly 
My phone is on life-support right now ... It's going to make a full recovery . 
... I'd rather him do it than me ..... Que jordyn ... Cracking up . 
