I am having the best month of my life . I just have to say thank you to the one who made it possible you know who you are . 

In a GREAT MOOD sorry to the few decent people I am leaving behind but I am sure you're all happy for me ! 
Had a great weekend with my girl .. It's been a year that we've been together . :) 
Being perfect is tiresome . 
I WILL BE BACK TO < PROPFEMALE > FRIDAY !!! 
I am currently at my house in Ga . I am trying to meet up with a old friend . 
In 1 month and 10 days I will be living in DeerBorn Heights Michigan !!! \ 
\ 
For those of you who would like to know I am starting Collage in January ! 
I miss AV 
For all the things I did that I did that I couldn't find anyone to blame it on I now blame on boredom . Taking responsibility sucks 
Sitting at Best Buy with Amani . Just realized that I never want to try EverClear again . 
11 days till departure to Michigan ! My only hope is that it is not as cold as people tell me it is . 
North < PROPFEMALE > is sucking . Its cold and everything is expensive . 
I am awake ..... It is 4am and I have been up for 2 hours ....... I AM SO BORED 
Thinking about changing < PROPFEMALE > from sister to daughter ... I always wanted a Asian child ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is officially my daughter . 
Starting VS classes be back on soon 
College sucks ..... I have no life ...... I am also broke :( 
Tongue piercings don't really hurt at first . I definitely thought it would be more painful >.< 
I am having the time of my life with my family . It is a huge difference living staying with people who actually give a damn about you . \ 
To bad this ends today . 
CHANGE OF COLLEGE PLANS\ 
At the end of the semester I am on now , Amani and myself will say good bye too the to yesterday's trash and move in with my cousin and attend school up here 
Trying to get my chemistry teacher fired .... Its hard work but it definitely needs to be done . 
I almost got kicked out the first time today because of a bottle of off brand juice .... Worst birthday ...... I wonder how much longer I will last . 
Finally out of the broken home . 
I am considering selling the next three months of my life for about $35k 
Filled out a application that , if i get the job , will make me a millionaire in 10 years . Hoping for the best . 
