I don't really do the facebook thing I do more emails .. you can contact me @ nikkialkire@live.com or nikki2365@email.pheonix.com and or greeneyes_babyfaced@yahoo.com . So if you are trying to get a hold of me that is a good way of doing so . 

You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ! 
Let's see how creative my face book friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's no fun 
RIP Ms < PROPFEMALE > 
Just got out of a nice hot shower . I needed it badly ! My body is killing me today . I can't wait to get in the pain management again 
Getting use to the medication change .. yay fun times .. and its flippin snowing outside for the first time in a month ...... 
Just told my mommy that we're moving back home . I couldn't wait to tell her on her birthday . She's really happy that we're coming home and so are we . 
discovered a problem with out computer . we can use our roommates computer for the time being ... hopefully we can get it fixed before he is supposed to leave . 
had a nasty fall at our new place in boise fell dn 3 steps w/o my back brace on i hurt my neck really bad and my r hip and lwr back i went to the hospital i now have two boldging disk in my neck that look like they make need to operate on im not to sure what they said was a new thing going on w my lower back all i remember is that they said there was compression or something going on down there more details will come 
Well the first dc told me worng . I have two slipping disk C4 and C5so I'm going to the docor tomorrow to find out if I'll need surgry on my neck or not we are all hoping that I don't I'll keep the info up as the days go 
i have great news to tell everyone I don't have to have a neck operation not for at least 5 to 10yrs so that's taken a huge weight off of our shoulders :) :) :) 
so my hair is like 3ins now and my wife and i made a deal that i can go a whole year without cutting like i do thanks to < PROPFEMALE > . but i can get it trimmed up so she said that once its 4 inchs i can get a trim ... it want we're waggering that is keeping my will power lol 
no < PROPFEMALE > on the cell so keep in touch here or email 
well update on my neck : i have an injection for the 8th of next month and i'm still in p.t. and i'm also going to be going to a sleep study clinic to have ppl watch me sleep to see if i stop breathing for periods at a time . which if i'm not wrong i did that a lot when i was a baby .. 
Well it's now almost 2:30 in the morning here and I can't sleep cause I'm in a lot of pain right now . It's pooring cats and dogs outstide and well w/ my health problems the mositer doesn't do me any good . 
home after another long ass day w/ Jens aunt Susie .. god she can wear my ass out lol 
So i'm in a tornado warning right now and the weather outside is really bad I have all the cats in the basement already to go can anyone give signs to look out for when the tornado is close i've never been in one and I don't want to stand outside and look for it cause the wind damn near can pick me up right now 
A firefighter is missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this : Firefighters all over the world are saving lives and property . It's firefighter appreciation week .... Repost if you are a firefighter , love a firefighter , or appreciate a firefighter ! 
I'm so happy my mom is going to see what she can do to get me a round trip ticket to go home and see everyone for about 2 to 3 weeks :) :) 
Chillin @ the casa playing lost planet 2 
Mama always said lifes like a box of chcolates ... thats so true you never know who ur going to meet , loose or what the doc is going to tell u whats wrong w u now 
Pain pain go away and Dont come back another day !!!!!!! 
I wanna be a billionair so freakin bad buy all the things ive never had .... if u know the rest of it reply lol good song 
Okay between < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and fb my phone is going to die and is going on the charger love you both ttyl 
Up to a 4 gage !!! :) 
god yet another night of no sleep and another morning of waking up with a lot of pain ... i wish i can sleep at the very least 7 hrs w/o waking up cause of pain or whatever it is that wakes me up .... 
i finally got a great night of sleep the last time i looked at my watch it said 0100 i just woke up like 20 < PROPFEMALE > ago ... 
i want to say sorry for putting up that bs about free fv money its a bunch of crap don't do it tust me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
FTW FMY AND FUCK RAC !!!! 
I wish that they can make a \pain reliefe pill\ " that really does releive all of your pain when you take it and not just mask it .. Since my last post everything is good again .. thank god !!! And our ducks are slowly becoming a row again . " 
no celly for a while so if you need to get a hold of me and you know Jens number thats the way to do it or you can hit me up on fb and i msg you back . 
oh and update from our water park adventure my head still hurts but not as bad and for those of you that don't know < PROPFEMALE > me a < PROPMALE > all went down this tube ride and well we all almost got knocked out of the intertube and i hit my head on the wall .. long story short never going on it again and we all got free vip tickets for the next time we go .. 
To everyone that wished me a happy birthday today thank you . Ive had a great day so far with my wife and the kids(doggies and kitties ) and for those of you that don't know Prop 8 has been overturned on my birthday of all days !!! :) :) :) And for the family in Cali I will be out there soon enough to have another christmas and birthday I love you all and thank you again !! 
We'll see you later Ding Dong ... aka < PROPMALE > we all love and miss you already !!! Be safe and we'll ttyl ... 
rain rain go away and don't come back another day its been like this since sunday and the weather says get use to it .. cant complain its only 65 out side and feels great !!! 
its kinda sad that you have to bust out some of the winter cloths in aug ... or is it lol ... no ac on today its getting cold out again .. and the leaves are already falling ... im going to be so cold when i come back from cali and so hot when i get there .. 
so ive got my boots on got the right amount of leather and im doing me up with the black eye liner ... i love this song\ 
but if i had you that would be the only thing that i would ever need ... 
flying for the first time and scared sh**less i cant beleive im on a plane pray for me !! Well the ph is going on airplane mode now so i will ttyu all later 
hey fb ppl sorry i haven't been on in forever i have been really busy ... i miss you baby so much . i love you !!!! well off to do our nightly rutine and watch something on hulu .. i miss my crazy no room on the bed house a lot . 
getting use to the weather here in cali is going to kick my a ** when i get home whenever that is ... mike said something about me going home sometime next week ?? i told him he knows more than i do so i guess i'll do my best to keep my stuff packed and ready for whenever i go back to idaho .. i miss you baby 
What's up fb ppl finally home not that i didn't enjoy seeing my family back home in CA but yeah just thought that id get on and say whats up ... off to do laundry . 
Home and sore after a long night thank god i had my cell phone in my pocket when i came through last time i looked at the clock it said 6:30 and i called 911 @ 6:55 thank you for all your thoughts and prayers i got lucky agian walked out with a sprained shoulder after falling down a flights of stairs better than the first time i went down some stairs i broke my collor bome when i was 2 
Need to get an MRI to make sure that whatever it is that they found in the back of my head is nothing ! They said it could be a cist , brain tummer , or bleeding in my brain . I am praying along w everyone i know that its nothing . 
sitting here @ the old house finishing up some stuff & w nothing to do here or listen to i know ima get board quick 
Ok i dont mind moving when ur moving a few hours or a few states away thats easy stuff but , when you're moving in town it flat out sucks !!! If u agree like this post . 
hello fb world i just wanted to let you know that i put up a very important comment on the mri post i hope you all read it and understand . Its nothing bad cause if it was i would call everyone that i can and tell them over the phone 
Ok well as most of my family and close friends know i had to go back to the er for the 3rd time they did another head ct . I have to have an MRI done to break the tie of it being a pituitary microadenoma ( the tumor ) or intrasellar cyst . So i thought that id let the rest of u all know whats going on . Thank you all for thee prayers and thoughts . 
I love my wife she's put up w so much in the past few days cause right now i have no pain meds . Because my pain dr decided that he didnt want to give me any pain meds cause i might have a brain tummor . I now call him dr douche bag 
Being sick w the flu sucks so i have flu pains on top of withdrawl pains FML 
So lets give a toast to the douche bags , give a toast to the scubm bags .. & i wanna be a billionair so freakin bad and buy all the things i never had ... if u know them help me sing em 
FML ! depression sucks the pain is worse along with being sick and not yet knowing if i have a tummor in my brain !!! 
Well its official as of yesterday that i do have a brain tumor . Its opperatable so thats good ! & hopefully it will get rid of some of my health problems . I'm scared s**tless but i'm keeping my head held high thanks to my mum gma & papa & gma b and my friends i love you guys !!! 
So i just got out of the shower and went outside to smoke i didn't relize that a < PROPFEMALE > was flying by me till i punched it in its face .. i pissed it off and it chased me bck in the house damn < PROPFEMALE > s !!! 
Pray for my moms mamo to be clear !!! 
Prayers work my moms mamo was clear again !!! 
Just finished watching one of my fav movies The Little Monsters 
Its raining its pooring and < PROPFEMALE > is still snoring 
YAY !!! GIANTS won sorry Texas you might be a bigger state but cali knows how to play they did put up a good game tho ... 
Wondering if the headache that i've had for the past week or so has anything to do with the brain tumor . IDEK anymore .. this sucks . 
I got this idea from a very good friend of mine If you are a veteran or currently serving , post a pic of yourself in uniform in your profile pic until after Veteran's Day . Yeah I've never served but I know a lot of people that I love and care about that have so I thought that if they see this that they will do the same thing and pass it on . 
I don't think that this day can get any worse .. my head is still killing me from yesterday won't stop hurting along with , my back , neck , hips and legs .. I thought that a shower would help but nnnnoooo ... this brain tumor needs to go !!!!!!! 
YAY !!! I get to see < PROPFEMALE > a lil bit longer because her flight got pushed back a few hours . 
God i cant wait for her to be home tonight i wont be without her for thanks giving . I know what im thankful for and thats her being home !!! 
A perfect song just came on the radio as im picking up jen .. \i'm coming home tell the world i'm coming home ... \"" 
Happy turkey to to all my friends and family . Im thankful for my lovely wife and my kids and what health i do have left .. lol 
Sooo .. the weather man said that its going to snow for the next week .. however he's said that for the last week too so we'll see 
I'm so glad that I have a wife that knows and understands me and everything that is wrong with me . I love you baby !!! 
So if you don't read anything I post please read this . My lil cuz < PROPFIRST > has blood ( 3+) and protein ( 2+) in his urine . It is getting worse and no one knows why . He is being referred to a renal specialist . And my best friend is having surgery Tuesday @ 9 too . Pls keep those two great ppl in your prayers . Thanks . 
Well for most of you that know or don't know I got the job and I start this Saturday !!! 
I have been without narcotics for over a month now and doing great . I am starting a new med for pain but its not a narcotic !! 
Well I'm getting ready for my first day at work today . Excited and scared casue it's been 4yrs since i worked last casue of my back , ect . Wish me luck ! 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong , wild , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! We are women hear us roar ? Most of us prefer to purrrr ... 
