hope you feel better < PROPFEMALE > i love you too . would love to hop on my bike and cruise to florida . listen to < PROPFIRST > buffett dive and surf . kids dont now how lucky theyhave it !!!!! 

wow going on facebook is like going back in time 
did 200 < PROPMALE > on < PROPMALE > today doing est . mid life crisis in full swing and im loving it . 
i trust you my dear . make sure they have alot of BLING AND NO COMMON CENTS 
failed atempt at watersking , but was a awsome day . mondays are like a slap in the face but coffee does kill the pain 
hey thats were i grew up !!! have fun . watchout for land sharks ! 
you can pick them up cheaper now than ever . ive seen 32grand bikes sell for 11 grand 
pouring rain in nj today . makes me not want to do anything think i drag myself to the gym !!!!!!!!!! 
when we choose to live in the light . we need not fear the darkness 
pain is only weekness leaving the body !!!!!!! 
and anger is just fear turned inside out !!!! 
softball playoffs first round tomorrow night !!! 
im alittle dazed and confussed right now !!!! but whats new !!! some amped energy drink will pump up my heart !!!! 
GOd speed pathfinders 
Game 2 tonight we win we andvance to the semi finials . Just 2 more hours 
Though the trials never end ive learned to take them as a friend . The bumps in the road are not so bad some times u can catch alittle air !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > day in jersy just got out of church . Have three partys to go to .!!! What to do ?? Maybe ill just take a nap !! 
Hot in jersey today ! some were near 92 . looking forward to spending a week in outer banks . may be even cath a big fish like < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
Vacation in on my mind !!!! 
The surf in obx is a brewin and it should be primed for us when we get there this weekend . 
I Learned two things today . That i can still paddle out in the big stuff . But im not in good enough shape to paddle back in !!!!!!!! Should be safer in the a.m. 
Spending time with close friends just chillin . Nothing could be better . 
Had great time yesterday . Surfed right next t0 the house that was in the film rodanthe nights . Its know condemed the storm washed out the fondation of the house . watching all the young guys surfing it made me wounder if they truly under stood how great ther youth is . Iknow i am happy that all my parts still work !!! Take care you young people it doesnt have to be there when your older . Time marches on !!!! enjoy 
Last day for the beach befroe we have to come home !!! bitter sweet but we will enjoy the day !!!!!! 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for putting up the vacation pics . Im to lazy to do it !!!!!!! Wish we were still there !!! 
Three day weekend time to go to the beach !!!!!!!!!! 
The ocean in nj and the ocean in North car . are diffrent colors one is brown and the othere is blue . I will give you one guess to which is which !!!!!! 
I need to sleep !!!! 
The Bucs are going to make a statement against < PROPFIRST > .!!! My guess 13 -9 bucs with better defence and running game !!!! 
I had a dream i was Surfing in Hawaii . Woke up in a great mood . Hawaii is calling to my soul !!!! I probably should no have watched the Big wave World championship for the 5th time !!!!!!!!!! 
What could be more perfect than playing two softball games and then going home and watching football for the rest of the day ? 
Takin a ride to parsippany on my harely . Better on gas and i can wear my jacket and not sweat to death !!!! 
The best part of my < PROPMALE > is no one can give me a ticket for no safty belt !!! 
I started the golds gym body transformation contest yesterday ! I want to go from the Pillsbury doe boy to < PROPMALE > Leunightus from the movie 300 !!! I have 12 weeks to make it happen !!! I feel good except the caffine makes me a little hyper !!! 
I lost 7 pounds this week ! I could eat the ass out of skunk right know !!!! 
Football 
Cool and raining as i go to bed ! perfect for sleeping 
Bucs Giants Who will win two teams going in different directions !!!! Who will win ? I smell trap game for the Giants !!!! Kick some but Bucs !!!! 
Next Tuesday will be 2 weeks and i have lost 14 pounds ! so far so good !!! 36 more to go !!! 
Looks like facebook got things going smooth again !!! 
three softball games down home for football on a nice fall day !!!! 
be back latter want to see whats up with the game ! 
< PROPFEMALE > day in new jersey ! God is smiling down upon us ! 
I won the football pool this week with 2 loses ! 
The heart believes but the spirt knows . 
i have lost a pound a day for 16 days straight in the golds gym challenge ! p.s. dont drink energy drinks on an empty stomach it ! you might start to talk really fast and appear odd ! 
I wish my grass was emo so it would cut its self ! 
16 days and 16 pounds im right on schedule for the golds gym challenge . Has anyone tried that insane work out video they advertise on tv/ im thinking that might be a good way to finish uo the last 8 weeks ! 
Took the < PROPMALE > out ! Cars in shop froze my butt off and still have more appointments ! Still fun and Im sure being cold makes u burn more calories ! 
Time to work out see everyone tomorrow ! Get off the computer < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Gym time ! See you mafia friends in 2 hours ! And no < PROPFIRST > i didnt try to break ur arm because i play mafia wars next time move u ruined my triple ! although i hit one after u left would of been a < PROPMALE > but gill 350 plus was in ur spot ! 
Off to church board meeting to pray for Joes arm so we have him on sunday ! And that he wont be such a < PROPFEMALE > next week ! 
Time for bed .!!!! Good night ! 
Just ate a whole jalapeño pepper ! It cures what ails u ! 
Lost 18 pounds in three week ! Golds gym body < PROPFEMALE > formation contest ! I thought it was 3 pounds more but i was less than i thought when i started ! 
just rubbed his eye with a jalapeño pepper by accident > might haave to stop playnig cant seeeee ! 
We miss < PROPFIRST > Gruden ! in Tampa very very very badly ! Please < PROPMALE > cower come out of retirement ! 
my daughter got 2 as and 4 bs on her report card ! Dads happy ! 
correction 3 A s and 4 bs 
Went and saw paranormal activity with the kids . I have a feeling my bedroom will be a little crowded tonight ! Down 21 pounds and two pant sizes ! 9 weeks left in the contest so far so good ! heading home ! 1Have fun mafia ! 
Cant see anyones mafia post facebook as issues ! night all ! 
still cant see mafia post ! 
Good news ! I found my cell phone ! Bad news its been in the rain for two day ! stuck it in the broiler door and it turned on ! Hope i can get the 200+ business < PROPFIRST > out ! 
Golds gym update I lost 24 pds . to date . And im still not halfway yet ! Had to double up the cardio but it worked like a charm ! Reaching 50 pounds total in 12 weeks isnt going to be easy but game on ! 
Transporter 3 in the cardio gym at golds great for workin out . Run through the fight and < PROPMALE > scenes and walk through the rest ! went hours . I love when it feels easy ! 
The more we are thankful for the things we have , the more we will have to be thankful for !!! Say that 3times fast ! 
well lost just under 30 pounds have till December 15 to finish the challenge and 22 more to go ! Its getting harder to drop wait ! but i feel great anyway ! Just hope i can reach my goal by then ! 
my mafia is growing on its own ! i keep getting more people and i didnt freind them or except them is anyone experiencing this ! not that im complaining ! 
the caffeine is kicking in ! 
rain sucks unless ur in a drought ! bring on the snow$$$$$$$$ ! otherewise snow sucks too ! The beach is good unless its snowing or u have a good wet suit and the surf is up ! Random thoughts ! 
sometimes u just got to let it ride ! 
First snow in nj that pays this year ! sticky stuff all over the trees looks really nice ! especially the billable part ! 
i just figured out that my blackberry makes it easy to up load to facebook this could be very dangerous ! 
My Bucs win 24-7 over seattle in seattle how bad is seattle ! 
three days without a shower ! Or being home ! Got a shower got home and I get to sleep in my bed ! 
hope < PROPFEMALE > ryone has a safe new years < PROPFEMALE > and a great year to come ! billable snow in nj good way to end 09 ! 
well i came in as runner up in the 35 and over category in the golds gym challenge ! witch got me nothing ! But i did loose 35 pounds and feel great ! still want to loose 20 more and am working on it ! i made in through the holidays without gaining weight another Plus ! And the best part working out keeps me from getting depressed in the winter ! 
Out of energy and stamina heading to the gym to find my mojo ! 
Its cold as a witches t -- !!!! in nj must be like in the single digits ! I would say let all go to florida but they have there own issues ! 
N ST HACKETTSTOWN NJ ! IN FRONT OF < PROPFEMALE > CHURCH ! THERE ON A MISSION TRIP THAT HAPPEN TO GO TO HATTI JUST IN TIME FOR THE EARTHQUAKE ! PLEASE KEEP THIS GROUP IN UR PRAYERS WE HAVE NOT HEARD FROM THEM YET ! 
Goals 2010 what to reach my goals !!! 
big snow in NJ for the next 12 hours ! Global warming can kiss my @ ! @@ ! 
tomorrow is going to < PROPFEMALE > a great day ! Night all ! 
I just sprayed my self in the eye with CK one ! the up side im awake now ! and my eye ball smells good ! down side it burns alittle ! 
2 and a half days of snow 22 Plus inches . I am walkin in a winter wonderland or hulusinating i not sure wich but unless the phone rings i will be out like a light ! 
Be thankful that u dont already have everything u desire . If u did what would be there to look forward too . Be thankful if u dont know something for it gives u the opportunity to learn . Be thankful for difficult times , during those times u grow stronger .. Be thankful for each new challenge . because it will built strength and character .. Be thankful when ur tired and weary . It means u made a difference ! part1 
The 80s are on my mind ! I guess i should cut back on the 80s music ! naaaaaa ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is amazing . 
my head hurts ! 
I never saw a wild thing feel sorry for itsself . a small bird will drop frozen dead from a tree without ever feeling sorry for it self ! 
my daughter didnt need a root canal and crown ! So 200 is way better than 2500 ! :) 
My sister and niece flew in safely ! I am ready for bed . everyone is sleeping ecept me ! night < PROPMALE > ! 
is enjoying time with the family . 
time to make the donuts ! 
Love the way my new helmet flips up in front > DIdnt love when the < PROPFEMALE > flew in and got got caught inside it ! Almost wiped out ! Still a good day in the sun ! 
This is < PROPFEMALE > in daddy's account . MY DADDY IS THE BEST DADDY EVER . I love him (: <3 < PROPFEMALE > . bye . 
I have very beautiful daughters . :) 
we won are softball game tonight 26 to like 13 or somthing we hit very well ! im exhausted but happy we won ! 2-0 not a bad start to the season ! 
won three games so far since Friday we have one more to go ! what a weekend i need a vacation ! time to break out the < PROPMALE > and look like blade with my bat back pack !! lol 
note to self when a cop pulls u over and asks what all the softball bats were for ? DoNOT RESPONED FOR COPS WHO ASK STUPID QUESTIONS ! iALMOST FOUND OUT WHAT A TAZER FEELS LIKE :) ! 
MY daughters are on my mind mikealas with me so i know she is safe . Danielle is smart and doing well . Jessica is were she needs to be and very upset and feels alone but she is not . I love all three of u very much and am proud of every part of each of u ! Just remeber God is always there we just have to stay still for a moment an u will feel him washing his love all over each of us ! 
battle for first place us against Enos pizza ! we are 5-1 they are 4-0 . game on ! Here we come ! Ferd bring ur camera there will be Kodak moments ! The caffeine is kicking in and im jacked for this one ! @ 
We won 11 to 10 ! There is no place like first place ! 
poison < PROPFEMALE > sucks ! 
rain sucks no ball game ! know we will have three games not this sunday but next ! i need a break me and < PROPFEMALE > are going to ride out 2 hrs on harly and go camping , playing quates and hacky sack all weekend ! 
So many believe its the love that grows but its the knowing that grows . the love just expands to cover it ! 
it is not the nature of love to force a relationship , but it is the nature of love to open the way ! 
crisp and clear out in the 70s today calm and sunny ! perfect ! 
< PROPFEMALE > chicks , Keith urban , and the Eagles at the new gaint stadium tommorow and im going ! pics to follow ! 
< PROPFIRST > urban good . dixie chicks grea t.t he eagles rocked ! the hamburger I payed 9 bucks for rocked too my gut ! Pricless ! 
I love my daughter ! my daughter is a dork and i need to change my pass word ! 
Ok people put ur thinking caps on and define LOVE from ur personal view point ! No < PROPFIRST > answers think it through ! dont tell +me 1 cor . although beautiful thats not what im looking for ! Show some knowledge or even a good guess ! 
well we lost are first two games today and i got hit with a ball in the crouch area while pitching ! left a bruise on my thigh and my knee cap ! but my mahood is still intact ! Its all good ! 
< PROPFEMALE > please stop writing on my password but I'm still better than joe ! lol 
i just changed my profile pic and i didnt even get help from my 13 year old duaghter ! 
Bangor 
I love riding my harly with my I pod cause I can sing and its sounds good ! Atleast until I shut the bike off ! But before that I'm a rock < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Well the rains are holding out maybe we will get to play tonight ! 
rain held out < PROPFIRST > is slow but we one 2 0-0 ! 
Alittle help guys lots of open jobs on my wall ! 
three softball games and a workout today . mmmmm i wish my bed would let go of my butt so i could get on with it ! BUT BOY THAT AC FEELS GOOD ! 
2 softball games 7 mile run and know i have to head in for the third game today . a good meal some ibuprophine and i will be good to go ! 
16 -2 again were rollin ! play again tues630 ! we win and were into the finals ! i love softball ! 
i love my daughter . :) <3 
we made the finals with a great team effort ! 13-6 who will it be m and ms or enzos pizza !? 
i spent a 120 dollars and beat the feds ! spent hours doing it thinking they would give me some kind of extra bonus or a thata boy anyway ! nothin zenga u suck ! lol 
three days no shower can i make the whole time with no shower ? i think so ! ocean , hot tub , pool ! then repeat ! i hear its raining in nj . boy i feel bad . sun sun sun ! fun fun fun ! 
great day in obx ! went to the light house . surf was good weather was good ! the water was beutiful ! good friends good times ! the week went by too quick . know i cant sleep thinking bt going home . i need to move here ! 
i love the smell of laptop exaust in the morning ! 
softball in the morning ! football in the afternoon ! what could be better ! 
i love the nfl ticket ! dish network can kiss my butt ! direct tv rules ! 
early 4th q buc 20 and the kiddy cats from caralina 7 ! 
2 and 0 ffor the first time in years ! goooooo bucs ! 
i would stay up and watch the game but the colts arnt playing games there killing the gaints ! i guess big bro is going to beat his little bro ! 
In the gold gym contest again lookin for first place not 2nd ! my daughter sits next to me dipping her double stuffed oreos into milk as the breeze blows the sent by my nose ! mmmm time to go to the gym ! 
what does a zen buddist get when he goes through the drive threw ? one with everything ! 
BUCS win with one sec . left on the clock ! 3 and 1 ! We have aready won as many games as we did all of last year ! young up and comming ! know if only the saints would choke agaist ARIZONA ! 
i love my daughter so much , < PROPFEMALE > , your the best !! 
ONE LEFT IN MY WAR ANY TAKERS ! 
i love < PROPFEMALE > wickiiiiiii (: \ 
my FAVORITE , BEASTLY DAUGHTER . 
Bucs rule best in NFC ! 
R u kidding me ! Game of the week bucs at arizona ! 
MY DADDY IS THE BEST DADDY EVER .. <3 \ 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 \ 
LOVE his DAUGHTER ( his favorite one .. )\ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Wicki <3 :D 
Bucs @ Falcons ! I hear falcon taste like chicken !! Kicks some ass bucs ! 
Whats on my mind ? a women ! bucs football , my harley , darts , sunshine , and the fact my daughter needs to get up and do her chores ! 
Bucs rule ! 
I love my favorite daughter < PROPFEMALE > . Holy Sacks . <3 
I want to run . I want to hide . I want to tear down the walls that hold me in side ..... 
im < PROPFIRST > , and i like to drink energy drinks , walks on the beach , and my lovely daughter . 
I love my daughter < PROPFEMALE > :) \ 
and i know she loves when i leave my account left logged in >:D \ 
im ... i mean shes an evil daughter ! <3 
I never thought it would come from my mouth but i wish it wouldnt snow for atleast aweek i need a break ! preferably somewere tropical ! 
hot tub on a rainy night and then bedtime ! hopefully i wont slip an fall into the snow and ice like i did last night and lock myself out of the house and end up crawling through a window butt naked ! 
The winner of the superbowl will be the team that first crushes the othere teams qb ! and if they both get crushed the steelers will have the edge ! 
HAs anyone seen my abs ? I lost them in the 80s . I miss them ! \ 
s 
just put a new sytem in my car ! spent 500 on the car and 2000 on the stereo ! my friends say thats like putting a boob job on a 300 pound women ! i just smile and say but i love her ! 
my birthday wish is that all my friends and family will have good aditudes to face the comming year ! to love hard and forgive quick . enjoy the time they spend with there friends and familys . and most of all dont ever take urself to seriously ! here goes im sending out the love ! < PROPMALE > all ! 
