is not getting his Shakespeareienen meat poem done for Choir Camp . 

Why me ! 
Do you have your free ticket for the Concordia Christmas Concert ? Goto the Box Office in Memorial Auditorium and get your FREE ticket ! 
Do you have your free ticket for the Concordia Christmas Concert ? Go to the Box Office in Memorial Auditorium and get your FREE ticket ! NOW ! 
450 Cobbers singing and playing with an awesome set and lights . All on Concordia’s campus for 4 concerts . Get your free ticket today ! It's not that hard . Stop by the ticket booth outside of Memorial between 9:00 - 4:30 pm . Join the tradition . . . 
hates that his computer is a piece of crap ! 
hates that his computer is a piece of crap . ANd \450 Cobbers singing and playing with an awesome set and lights . All on Concordia’s campus for 4 concerts . Get your free ticket today ! It's not that hard . Stop by the ticket booth outside of Memorial between 9:00 - 4:30 pm . Join the tradition . . . \"" 
doesn't want to have a percussion performance test on Thrusday/Friday this week . AH ! 
and < PROPFIRST > W . are in a epic struggle for the body of < PROPFIRST > Kemp , and the use of his hands and mouth to play the trombone ! 
is wired for music jury and piano proficiency ! 
is glad his Jury is over ! VIKINGS VIKINGS ! 
TOME ! TOME TOME TOME ! Lets go out Tomorrow . Were both 21 and responsible . We should do something . I only got two classes these next two days ! 
feels like he is already on Christmas Break ! 
is pissed of that Sony.com charged him for 2 laptops when he asked for one , and now his bank account is $- 358.00 in the hole !!!!!!!!!!! And now his Bank Account is frozen !!!!! 
thinks < PROPMALE > Swift is one funny SOB ! 
is very happy that his conducting piece is over ! 
Is tired and ready for a game of Halo , then , sleep , then Christmas Concert . And then , if i'm still alive I will Eat food ! 
I think its time to do some Christmas Singing ! Ya !! 
thinks someone should yell at the TPT camera crew . 
is ready for the last Concordia @ Concordia Christmas Concerts 
is not looking forward to finals . . . but am looking forward to the cities . 
thinks that people from the choirs should go to Chipotle in the cities after arriving at the cities for Orchestra Hall CCC . Enough people at closing and free burritos ! 
loves the progression I IV v(minor ) in any key ! Though Eb is good . 
doesn't like finals 
feels like wasting some time and then rendering himself , one way or another , unconscious . 
is going to jump into a snowbank the second his last final is over ! 
is ready for Classicism to end in T minus 2 hours 12 minutes and 34 seconds ! 
went to the Stillwater High School Winter Concert and thought it was really good ! Doc was a copy cat and the Orchestras performance of the Tchaikovsky's Nutcraker Suite was impressive ! ( except for the obe in teh Nutcracker Suite ) 
is and is not looking forward to going back to Concordia so soon . 
Happy New Years Everyone ! 
No One Watch FOX right now ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is singing a pop version of Old Ansye , why us ? 
Dear < PROPFIRST > and Xbox , \ 
\ 
I miss you dearly . You entertain me with your visual displays of light and color , \ 
and fill the empty void that is present in the media unit in our living room and the \ 
empty room directly east of me . Please come back soon . \ 
Josh\ 
P.S. I miss you more Xbox . 
is syked for the first week of second Sem .! 
is abnormally productive today . 
has 100 Facebook Friends . 
apparently has an addiction to Facebook acorrding to his roommate < PROPFIRST > Benidt . 
Is having a really easy week . 
is really frustrated with < PROPMALE > . class clinicals and figureing out how in the freakin\ HECK he is going to get where he needs to get ! " 
is watching The VIKINGS play the Saints in his dorm with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Nystrom , and < PROPFIRST > W ., MN-17 NO-20 . COME ON VIKES !!!!!!!!!! 
says WHY WHY VIKINGS WHY WHY < PROPFIRST > FAVRE !!!!!! We better not lose this game !!!! 
likes this weather ! 
thinks he needs to find a better profile pic . 
thinks he found a better profile pic ! 
is tired . 
is glad he has a larger family now , more craziness at Christmas ans Thanksgiving ! 
loves the amazing string work of the lead singer and guitarist of Nickel Creek ! 
is a chicken ! 
is unhappy with tonights Opera < PROPFEMALE > Performance , eventhough it was not that bad . 
feels like he just got hit with a phonebook , . . . filled with class papers he has to do ! 
got a shock when he was called out on a Facebook status update in Choral Conducting , it nice to know teachers check up on us . ( Hint hint ) 
is ready for Tour ! 
does not like having a soar throat and wants the weekend to stop being so lazy and get over here ! 
loved ' Thursday Nights with < PROPFIRST > and Elyse-Marie ' hosted by < PROPFEMALE > Fitzer tonight , mini-preview of Concordia Choir Tour program ( Prayer of the Children , Shnitke . . . however it is spelled ) . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > K . dressed as green man is amazing . and sad . 
had a great time with friends at < PROPFEMALE>'s Saturaday-Night dining extravaganza ! 
is enjoying a room to himself for a week , Bring it on < PROPMALE > Signers Sound Engineer Guy ! 
And GOD created precipitation and snow , and it was . . . . . AWESOME ! 
is releaved that he , < PROPFIRST > N ., < PROPFIRST > B ., and < PROPFIRST > W . got a Quad . in The Townhouses !! YA !! 
is extatic about how well the Concordia Choir performed @ tonights concert with the < PROPMALE > Singer's! It was incredible ! Great Job Choir ! 
is not a Sweish Fish ( not doppelganger ) , but do love to eat them ! 
thinks he should have got a drivers license . . . like years ago ! 
Hymns that are in minor sound better . 
is so glad he got this exausting 4 hour PRASXIS test finished , buti is PISSED that it made him miss choir ! 
is ready for his first plane ride this weekend ! 
is about to leave for the best Spring Break Ever ! 
hmm . . . . hot pocket ! 
is glad to be back home sleeping in his own bed ! 
needs to figure out facebook groups better , . . . . and get to class ! 
is in quiet reflection on what a quiet guy he is . 
is glad he doesn't have shit load of homework to do but is still longing for the weekend . 
The South is the phanny pack of the Unnited States . 
is a French Deadhole . Thanks < PROPMALE > . 
ready for a weekend , and ready to do some long awaited cookin'! 
is ready for the weekend , but apparently not cooking . 
has decided to grow a pair and try and be a little more communicable . 
1can't get < PROPFIRST > Manloves piece out of his head and needs < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
had a fun time at BW's for < PROPFIRST > Nystroms birhthday and watched Batman in hi-def Blu-ray . Pretty Good night after all . 
needs about another hour of \Acceptance\ " to be complaetely satisfied . " 
just enjoyed a great Chapel Choir concert . Great Job Chapel Choir , MOO !!!! 
\And What Will Be ------ Will ----- Be ----- Be . . . . . Be . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Be \"" 
still wants to sing Asthetics tomorrow ! Am I alone ? 
is in sweet glorious pain from 7 hours of sandbagging ! X Fingers they cancel class tomorrow . . . . . . P.S. Go Team Evap . 
is looking for entertainment . 
is going to take someones advice , soon . . . 
is hangin ' out in Hvidsten for 4 hours keeping a watchful eye on the Band people , getting paid for it too ! 
is dead tired from . . . . . sitting and watching movies in the music building and getting paid for it ? 
is an idiot ! :( 
had a great breakfast for diner , and watched a sturring movie . (\I will follow him ! \")" 
is dissapointed waking up at 8 then falling asleep and waking up at noon . :( 
can't think of being alone for the rest of his life , solitude is good for a while but nothing beats a life long companion . And i'm not talking about a dog . 
does not mean to act like a creeper but comes off that way when he ties doing something out of character . . . or talk . 
thinks its weird when you get to the age that you worry about your own cusins as if they are your kids . ??? 
think that a movie called \The Mission\ " would have < PROPMALE > Schwarzenegger . " 
Darth Vader does a pretty good job for a burn victim , he's fairly functional . 
is going to go gambling with his roommate , school sponsered of course . 
is making banana bread that has enough butter to taste really good . 
Why are breaks most inviting when they are days away and you have homework to do ? 
I surpprised to find out tonight that his childhood friend is married and a father . 
likes helping people with Finale . It makes me feel like a good person . 
just finished a nice evening bike ride to the Moorhead Target . 
wants one more day with the dorm to himself and no class , oh well . 
- FWAUO is eleven feet tall . That's a lot of feet . Come see FWAUO at 10:15 PM in Christiansen Recital Hall ! 
wishes he was more proactive with regard to long term assignments . 
is in the precipice worrying about summer jobs , summer school , FAFSA , organizing how to pay for next years choir trip , small recital , Finals , Clinicals and many other things . Need Weekend ! 
want to frisbee , but is stuck doing homework , lucky freshmen . 
likes weather , not nothing , weather ! That means something besides a solid color backdrop with a piercing brilliant white bulb in the sky . 
What Dreams May Come . 
is day dreaming of Thursday evening . 
thought Oratorio was OK . 
needs a paper to be finished and his stupid sore throat to depart his body before 2nd round of recordings . 
had a ok voice jury , though it didn't help his voice was fried from a HORRIBLE sore throat beginning the week , then singing for recording session while woice was healing . The Jury was more of a . . . text memorization test than a jury . Thurday be Over ! 
is enjoying freedom . . . . . . and \Drumline \"." 
can't wait to grill with the majority of his next year roommates tonight after singin at commencement ! 
is having a pretty good start to his summer break before summer classes . 
says yay to summer school . yay . 
\I . . . . . am going to see Iron Man \"" 
is Now playing : < PROPFEMALE > Paulusma - She Moves In Secret Ways http://tinyurl.com/2wzer2h 
is all alone eating and reading about Music in West Africa . Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
is missing his rommate . 
is happy to be moved into his happy new Townhome . IT'S FREAKING HUGE !!!! 
had a good night watching AVATAR in HD , having his summer roommates all here , and now is heading to sleep . . . or maybe waste some time listening to MPR . 
had a great night playing Ultimate Frisbee , it also made him realize he has a crappy cardiovascular system . 
is Now playing : The Stillwater Choir - Ego Sum Tui Plaga < PROPFEMALE > http://tinyurl.com/27kcwvw 
is glad it is the weekend , long long bike ride time :) !! 
The Lost Season Finale : 9.6 /10 . M.A.S.H. Finale : 9.8 /10 . Still . . . WOW ! 
is going to a RedHawks Game , 10 years waiting ! 
Great game tonight at Newman stadium , too bad the RedHawks lost in the 10th . :( 
is pulling a all-nighter to do the best he can on his last world musics test . . . meh 
is tired and very very hungry . Could eat the Cobber mascot ! 
is ready for real summer ! 
all of a sudden wants to buy a classic LP vinyl record player , too bad he don'ts got the money . 
Hope Dr. \ 
Jolicoeur is on the road to recovery and gets better soon . Scary news ! 
It happened so fast and without warning , thoughts go out to President Jolicoeur's family . 
would like some help getting the creative juices flowing . I am planning the design of a few walking sticks and decorative wooden models/figures . Brain massage needed . 
is gonna grow some herbs . ( not a slang for drugs ) 
Road Trip : Pro(s ): Fun for seven hours , visiting\ 
St. Croix State Park , eating a wonderful whiskey steak at < PROPFEMALE>'s and\ 
spending the weekend with brother . CON : 20 Deer Ticks clinging to your body at any\ 
given time and , after removal and getting back on the road , finding one\ 
dangaling above my head . Also the ensuing paranoia ! 
townhouse too himelf . :) 
is going to find something to do . 
? ? = Korea 
Goodbye in Korean is \ ??? ??? \ " an nyeong hi gye seyo " 
Its time to start the ultimate 8-10 hour grill out ! Lets hope everything turns out ok . 
had an awesome weekend kayaking , sailing , boating , dodging lightning storms , and watching < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s POIROT on West Battle Lake . 
just finished making some sweet Roasted Garlic Tomato Corn Salsa , thicker and little milder than expected but still decent . 
rain rain , stay . 
pretty sure there was a cloud to ground lightning strike within walking distance of Concordia . 
is gonna ' start gettin ' it done . 
hungry . 
doin ' laundry . 
Stupid sun goes down too quickly . I don't wanna ' go biking now , the bugs are gonna ' eat me alive ! 
soon going for some DQ ! 
kill me . The game Diplomacy is worse than 4 hours of the game Risk . 
is happy . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is comin ' back to Cobberville ! Grill time . 
I just got < PROPMALE > Rolled TWICE in 10 mins . Is that even possible ? 
can legally drive by himself . Tome . . . . . get D . 
needs to find something creative or constructive to do . 
What is with Concordia's wireless ? Since like 2 days ago its been horribly slow , secure and normal . Never thought needing to be wired would be so important . :( 
is having a nice night with one of his roomies watchin ' JUNO on TV . 7 days till the State Fair 
is wondering why NORTH Korea has a Facebook < PROPFEMALE > ?????? 
teeth are sore , however are clean . 
can't wait for a near half day at the Minnesota State Fair this Friday ! 
watching the Little League World Series International Championship 
needs to make a choice , Biking in Itaska with old friends or playing Risk with . . other old friends . Dilemma :( 
17 mile bike ride , seeing the tallest white pine in MN and the former tallest red pine in MN , eating a Zuper Pizza at Zorbaz and spending a good deal of time in a gas station bathroom for a good while . Nuf Said . 
Just looked at some pictures of 2007 Stillwater Choir Tour , I miss the old days 
has had a terrific summers end . Visiting Battle and Bad Medicine Lake , biking around Itasca State Park , and Ultimate Frisbee in the rain tonight . I'm ready for Ya school ! 
What is with Google ? It doesn't like my cursor :( 
is so tired , but is still going to play some frisbee ! 
Just watched 1st episode of 3rd season of BBC < PROPMALE > . Looks good ! 
Time to go eat some scrambled eggs and a toaster strudel 
Sociology reading or Halo ? Or Swedish Fish ?! The answer is obvious . . . . . isn't it ??? 
Why does Soc . feel like a review of 10th physics/chem ? 
just got through a very intense theology and sociology reading , and as a result will be taking a short midnight stroll around the townhouses and play a round of Halo Reach . 
should be doing some prep work for a very short in-class response paper tomorrow , but is too distracted with Barbershop . 
It's 11:52 pm and the internet speed is through the roof at the townhouses , download a 200mb file in 2mins . 
needs to get up earlier , he knows he will feel better . 
is going to have some stew tomorrow . But first it has to cook all night . 
had a great time listening to Post Traumatic Funk Syndrome tonight at The Aquarium in Fargo 
seems to have wasted like an hour writing a review on amazon about his new speakers . crap . 
is not looking forward to the rest of the day after not being able to get to sleep last night . 
WANTS to know wear the hell his white board is ?!!!! 
went to the Rourke < PROPMALE > Museum on Main Ave . and met its creator < PROPFIRST > O'Rourke . Great Day ! 
I want the Weekend ! Biking and watching my grandmothers , daughters , daughter play a soccer skirmish at the half time of a Concordia Woman's Soccer game . 
is wrestles , it was so close . Damn Yankees ! 
would like too permanently borrow 2 slices of white bread\ 
from someone ! ( not a joke . ) 
is ready for a fun week end with friends and HuHot . 
had the best birthday party of his college life ! Thanks Guys ( and you know who you are ! ) 
wouldn't mind waking up at 4:30 am everyday , only if it were not followed by diarrhea and a slight bit of vomit . :( 
wants . . . . . .... . . .. . ... . . . to carve a pumpkin , but . . . . . . ... . has lost his train of thought . 
thinks his subconscious is betraying him , it already thinks he is on break . 
thinks he spent way too much time trying to plan out his carved pumpkin design only to lose his creative mood . :( 
Listen to the St. Olaf Choir on MPR's A Prarie Home Companion with Garrison Keillor right NOW , 91.1 FM ! 
Its Snowing , not a lot , a little in Moorhead , MN and we may have a blizzard warning tomorrow moving from west to east . Hurray , Let It Snow ! 
A Boy and a Girl on MPR right NOW ! 
would say that he has sufficiently wasted this day , crap . 
was a door man and an errand boy this evening , it was rather interesting . 
is having a hard time with himself and wouldn't mind living in the middle of nowhere for a little while . 
I could see stay-at-home dad to be a career . 
Time to go get a hair cut before Gordan Moe captures our Souls for Choir History !! jk Gordan . 
Thinks he is going to be alright , Thanks Concordia ! 
Registration , Successful ! 
It's shouldn't be that hard to make a Thanksgiving Dinner , should it ? Well , I'll find out soon . 
Why is Mankato getting all the snow , like +12 inch ? We're Moohread the snow magnet of Minnesota . 
will be back home in less than 15mins and will be going to < PROPMALE > Potter 6 , he hopes . 
Snow ! = God adding a little salt on creation to make it taste better . 
It's been a great early break so far . Went on a mid-night stroll to SunMart to get juice , pop , bread , Swedish fish , and white rice Tuesday night , and Wednesday cleaned the entire townhouse . Really want a After-Thanksgiving sandwich ( everything from the dinner . . . in a sandwich !!! ) 
hates papers , but at least I have the source I need . 
You can't hate snow , Snow is God's fun precipitation ! 
Feel kind-of heartless not getting emotional at the end of Moorhead CCC , I broke down at my last high school performance . :( 
I was completely useless today , finishing a theological analysis paper at 4am this morning turned me into a walking zombie . I wait for thee Twin City ! 
Why do you bring the cold and not the snow Moorhead Minnesota . Take some advice from the clouds above Stillwater , and PRECIPITATE ! 
New notifications are actually popping up on Facebook again ,. . . wait . . . maybe I should be more concerned with my finals . 
Two words for you Finals , \No ! \"" 
It's OVER ! Now time to re-organizing my room , do laundry for the first time in like 2 months , and clean like a crazy person . 
Its great being Home ! That means I can have a 2 hour argument with my brother about the philosophical and religious implications of Television on human interaction , that the visual culture we live in desensitizes our view of the world creating a skewed perspective of reality . \ 
This conversation was more . . . mind enthralling then my entire semester of religion 300 and Soc . 
lets get a hair cut , shop for planters , and go to Ikea ! 
is ready for a Christmas meal with his steadily maturing cousins , a couple of days alone in his Quad Townhouse and Winter Choir Camp ! 
Up until 3am wrapping gifts for the relatives , now . . . . I fell like moss on a log . 
DOES ANYONE want to buy a like new 8GB iPod Nano 4th gen ! Works awesome , video capable unlike the newest model . Looking for someone at Concordia to Buy . FB me if interested . 
American Swedish Institute , < PROPFIRST > Kong Noodle near UofM , and Half-Price Books , great last day at home in Stillwater before returning to school . 
has the entire Townhouse to himself for 2 whole days . Yes ! 
I love snow . . . .. but when your skin is cracking , your hit by -27 chill wind gusts , and you fail at digging out two of your friends cars , snow starts to take on a negative connotation . 
To Do Today : Dig 2 cars out of the Townhouse Parking Lot . . .. . .. done . 
Is having a tough week of keeping up . 
Is looking to a productive weekend and the rest of the semester , then S . KOREA ! 
Morning shouldn't be at 12:24 pm in the afternoon , should it . :( 
Does anyone have < PROPFEMALE > that I can use ?! 
Had a fun night with old roommates and present ones too . 
Miss the good old days of < PROPMALE > Hovhaness and < PROPFIRST > Gretchaninoff . 
I hope his fingers ' still there !? 
Is pumped for his recital . . . in 3 months . 
Is a little to addicted to the show < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > The New Adventures . 
iTunes is great , until you lose 3/4 of your music library to corrupt files . 
is feeling the quick onset of loneliness . 
Does anyone else realize the irony of a organization called NOAA predicting global weather activity ? 
need a weekend !!!!! NOW !!!! 
is Very happy with his new iPod Touch , it helped him get to a piano tuners house in east Moorhead . 
kto prach t'ot su-chas-t'em my tongue is twisted p'e . . . 
is on a manhunt for Schnittke ! 
College is not suppose to be unhealthy , its suppose to be informative and character building . 
Need to pack ! 
Maybe it's better to be on the earlier flight to D.C. , we don't have a 3-ish hour layover in Chicago ! 
Schnittke or annotated bib ? I want Schnittke ! 
Hurray , I've been back one day from tour and am already procrastinating . 
Sandbagging efforts in Stillwater are going well . But if the wall does fail , Main Street will be open to the fishes . 
Thank . . . . . the Big Bang ? God ? I can sign up for my summer class and be able to graduate from Concordia ! YAY ! 
I just watched the movie \Remember Me\ " ( 2010 ) . Great movie but a heartbreaking ending that I didn't see coming . " 
P.S. Snow . . I love you . 
I want to cut the head off my Liszt paper and feed it to the fishes ! 
This was possible the most productive day I have had in like . . . a month . Thank You recital for being over ! 
Why does this crap always happen to me ? 
Dinosaur rhymes with fun ! Nope , but FWUAO rhymes with fun ! 
Hopes his dog rests in peace after having a good long life . Love you Gabe . 
Where is my Korea ? ??! 
Can I just skip my orchestration project !!??!! 
Lets get this week over with !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am going to sleep on THAT PLANE !!!! 
!!!!! I'm looking for a ride to the Fargo airport Monday , May 2nd ! Flight leaves at 8:00 am and will need to be there by 6AM . :( Help ! 
Lost $150 in Korean ATM which eventually was fixed by the airport information and Bank which caused me to miss our 1 hour bus ride to our hotel in Seoul causing me to take a taxi at 1am to the hotel .... 
