Anyone wanna play some hold'em a little later tonight ? let me know . 

The God of the Old testament is arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction : jealous and proud of it ; a petty , unjust , unforgiving control-freak ; a vindictive , bloodthirsty ethnic cleanser ; a misogynistic , homophobic , racist , infanticidal , genoc 
today's question : are there any dog breeder's out there that breed based on Intelligent Design ? How about horse breeder's ? If so , just how successful are they ? 
I finally understand what < PROPFEMALE > meant when he said religion is the , \opium of the people . \"" 
Which came first ? The chicken or the egg ... The egg . Any other questions ? 
Happy one year Becca .. see you soon babe :) I love you 
Properly read , the bible is the most potent force for atheism ever conceived . That doesn't mean going to church some sundays , most sundays , or every sunday and listening to someone tell you what to read , or reading it to you . That means taking time out of your own day and reading the whole god-damned thing cover to cover ; and remember , everything in there is inspired by an all-knowing , perfect god . Good luck . 
Properly read , the bible is the most potent force for atheism ever conceived . That doesn't mean going to church some sundays , most sundays , or every sunday and listening to someone tell you what to read , or reading it to you . That means taking t ... ime out of your own day and reading the whole god-damned thing cover to cover ; and remember , everything in there is inspired by an all-knowing , perfect god . Good luck . 
The USA is NOT a Christian Nation ; quite frankly , I think its false claim to ownership is a sign of insecurity . 
It has often been said that anything may be proved from the bible ; but before anything can be admitted as prove by the bible , the bible itself must be proved to be true ; for if the bible isn't true , or it's truthfulness is doubtful , it CEASES TO HAVE AUTHORITY , and cannot be admitted as proof of anything . 
It has often been said that anything may be proved from the bible ; but before anything can be admitted as proved by the bible , the bible itself must be proved to be true ; for if the bible isn't true , or it's truthfulness is doubtful , it CEASES TO HAVE AUTHORITY , and cannot be admitted as proof of anything . 
The Law of Superposition effectively disproves the biblical account of creation . 
You're asking me to reject everything I know about anything for no reason at all , and then to believe , without reservation , fables long disproved about spells cast by genie-like ghosts ; and for the sake of that fokelore to deny Relativity , Cosmology , Evolution , Tectonics , Nuclear Physics , and many other aspects of science that we know and understand and can prove to be really working in the real world . 
Geology shows that fossils are of different ages . Paleontology shows a fossil sequence , the list of species represented changes through time . Taxonomy shows biological relationships among species . Evolution is the explanation that threads it all together . Creationism is the practice of squeezing one's eyes shut and wailing ' does not!' . 
If you were to encounter god and he commanded you to kill your child , would you do it ? If not , you're an atheist ; if so , you're not a person I want to associate with ( that means you , < PROPMALE > ) :v 
If you were to encounter god and he commanded you to kill your child , would you do it ? If not , you're not a Christian ; if so , you're not a person I want to associate with ( that means you , < PROPMALE > ) :v 
Of course there are several good passages in the Bible , the ones that are carefully selected by your minister for Sunday readings . But ( and pardon the analogy ) if you find some chocolate in a pile of < PROPFEMALE > you don’t eat it , right ? No . The good is tainted by the bad that surrounds it . 
The atheist does not say ' there is no God , ' but he says ' I know not what you mean by God ; I am without idea of God ' ; the word ' God ' is to me a sound conveying no clear or distinct affirmation . ... The Bible God I deny ; the Christian God I disbelieve in ; but I am not rash enough to say there is no God as long as you tell me you are unprepared to define God to me . 
150 years ago : the abolition of slavery 100 years ago : the emancipation of women 50 years ago : inter-racial marriage Today : same-sex relationships Why is it that the church always has to be dragged kicking and screaming ( by secular outrage ) towards the tolerance and compassion that , ironically , it claims to hold a monopoly on ? 
150 years ago : the abolition of slavery , 100 years ago : the emancipation of women , 50 years ago : inter-racial marriage , Today : same-sex relationships Why is it that the church always has to be dragged kicking and screaming ( by secular outrage ) towards the tolerance and compassion that , ironically , it claims to hold a monopoly on ? 
Intelligent Design takes a simple approach : find something complicated that we don't yet understand , and then conclude that it was magically created by supernatural being . 
Intelligent Design takes a simple approach : find something complicated that we don't yet understand , and then conclude that it was magically created by supernatural being . So , Christians , how were we created ? Magic ? Oh I get it now ! 
The Law of Superposition effectively disproves the biblical account of creation 
It's proposterous to think that lightning was caused by Thor or that the Earth is sitting on the back of a turtle , and you would ridicule anybody or not associate with them if they believed that , yet when somebody tells you that they honestly believe man was created by god out of dirt and woman was made from man's rib , that's acceptable ? No , they're all equally as stupid myths . 
Do not make the mistake of thinking that all atheists are the same- they come from different backgrounds , different beliefs- the only thing we share is that we lack belief in god . I can't speak for all atheists , but I don't want to take away anyones religion . Still , I will not sit back while religious people/organizations try to peddle misinformation , dumbing down society while they're at it . 
Religion is an attempt to explain a subject by men who do not understand it . The intent is not to tell the truth but to satisfy the questioner . It is an abomination of the scientific age in which we live to reject answers given to you , with evidence , simply because it contradicts what is in your religious books . 
Religion is an attempt to explain a subject by men who do not understand it . The intent is not to tell the truth but to satisfy the questioner . It is an abomination of the scientific age in which we live to reject answers given to you , with evidence , simply because it contradicts what is in your religious books ( and has no evidence ) . 
I think everyone with an IQ above room temperature should own and have a gun with them at all times . I have no reason to think that crime rates wouldn't be greatly reduced- everything from murder , robbery , rape .. 
Bible quote of the day : If , however ... no proof of the girl’s virginity can be found , she shall be brought to the door of her father’s house and there the men of her town shall stone her to death . She has done a disgraceful thing in < PROPMALE > by being promiscuous while still in her father’s house . Deuteronomy 22:20 -1 
The person least likely to believe in magic is a professional magician . If you don't know HOW a magic trick is done , do you conclude that it IS magic or that you do not understand it ? The only reason for a supernatural explanation is that someone either doesn't understand the natural world , or is uncomfortable admitting that they don't know . 
I've been asked for evidence on more than one occasion that Humans evolved from apes , so I'll spell it out here . In the same way that lions are cats and iguanas are lizards and whales are mammals , we are apes . Where's the evidence that humans descend from apes ? How about the fact that we are STILL apes RIGHT NOW ? 
The Grand Canyon is as wide as my finger , the distance from NY to LA is 10 yards , the Earth can fit in the back of a dumptruck , the sun is 93 < PROPMALE > away , only . 5 US Soldiers have ever died in war , Jesus was born 17.5 hours ago , and the Earth has only been here for 6000 years . The margin of error on all of these statements is the same ; that is why people that believe in them need to be corrected . 
Us atheists really need to stop- trying to get people to think logically , better the knowledge of mankind , and to live in a healthier society- it's just sickening . 
A couple's 11 year old daughter died of a curable disease because they chose to pray instead of getting medical treatment . They were charged with wreckless homicide which comes with a maximum sentence of 25 years . They each got 6 months , which they will serve over a period of 6 years . How is that ( doing what you feel god wants ) any different than a suicide bombing ? Religion is not an excuse to let someone die . 
A couple's 11 year old daughter died of a curable disease because they chose to pray instead of getting medical treatment . They were charged with wreckless homicide which comes with a maximum sentence of 25 years . They each got 6 months , which ... they will serve over a period of 6 years . How is that ( doing what you feel god wants ) any different than a suicide bombing ? Religion is not an excuse to let someone die . 
Why is ' under god ' in the Pledge of Allegience , and why is ' in god we trust ' on our money ? Personally , I don't care- but looking at it in terms of legality , I can't help but laugh at how blatantly unconstitutional it is . Government endorsement of religion , anyone ? It SHOULD be done away with , but the judges who rule on it don't have the balls to make an unpopular decision ( even if it's obviously the correct one ) . 
In my experience discussing evolution vs . creation , creationists tend to state that one chooses to believe in evolution or creation , as though the two are equal . You can no more logically choose to disbelieve in evolution than you can in gravity , cells , or germs ( scientifically they are equally valid ) . Just because an alternative is presented ( without evidence ) doesn't mean you can \choose\ " and still being rational . " 
Why do you believe that the bible is the word of god ? Why do you discuss faith as if it is a < PROPMALE > quality ? Why do you try to label the unknown without evidence , then tell other people they're wrong ( and threaten them with hell ) because they don't ? Ultimately , why do you pretend to know something you cannot possibly know ? Is having some answer ( without evidence ) better than admitting that you don't know ? 
Another reason religion bothers me : it gives people a false sense of knowledge . People are willing to dismiss scientific facts such as evolution in favor of their religion without even knowing what evolution is . I don't believe in evolution , I accept it , in the same way I accept gravity . 
To be a Christian , you must believe that Jesus Christ was the son of a mighty god . The whole thing is contingent on the validity of the bible . So I have one question : do you believe in witches , wizards , and demons ? If you answered no , then you're not really a Christian . The biblical God directly orders you to kill witches and stone wizards- Jesus is constantly casting out demons in the bible . 
If someone walked on water before your very eyes , allowing you to inspect the area and their person before and after doing so , would you conclude that what happened was beyond your understanding or would you conclude that it WAS magic ? 
Lets say Mr. Smith has two children . You ask him , \is at least one of them is a boy ? \ " \ " Yes ! \ " he responds . What is the probability that the other child is a boy ? " 
Lets say Mr. Smith has two children . You ask him , \is at least one of them a boy ? \ " \ " Yes ! \ " he responds . What is the probability that the other child is a boy ? " 
Beliefs don’t deserve automatic and inherent respect . Beliefs must be demonstrated to deserve respect- and for that , believers must be able to argue on behalf of their beliefs with reason and evidence- not complain and attack every time their beliefs are questioned , challenged , or critiqued . If you had confidence in your religion , critique wouldn’t trouble you so . 
Christianity : The belief that a Jewish Zombie who became his own father parthenogenically by impregnating a virgin woman can make you live forever if you symbolically eat his flesh and telepathically tell him you accept him as your master , so he can remove an evil force from your soul that is present in humanity because a rib-woman was convinced by a talking snake to eat from a magical tree . Neat stuff . 
It has come to my attention that the < PROPFIRST > say that 75% of Americans are Christian . More recently , it has come to my attention that 75% is the same as 3/4 . It is not up to me to say who is and isn't Christian- but having read the bible I have an honest idea of what it takes to be a true and devout Christian . That being said , look around . Are 3/4 people REALLY Christian ? 
I think I have some stunning news for everyone . I don't think stupid beliefs deserve respect , or are immune to criticism . Sorry for criticizing what you BELIEVE but that's what people do . Your religion is no exception . People who don't like having their beliefs criticized shouldn't have such silly beliefs . 
Most people who deny the Theory of Evolution do so because of ignorance- they don't know what it is . First of all , I have to ask , how are you going to disbelieve in something if you don't even know what you're disbelieving in ? Second of all , ignorance is not an excuse . Evolution is a fact . The Theory of Evolution explains the fact . There is mounds of evidence in favor of this Theory : 
Humans are more closely related to plants than some bacteria are to each other . Go ahead and wrap your brain around that ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKuBh7KdbB4 Watch Part 1 first , unless you're a n00b 
Prayer- the best way to feel like you're making a dfference without actually doing anything . Faith- because when you don't really know it's better to just pretend . 
I stopped believing in God about the same time I stopped believing in < PROPFEMALE > , and for the same reasons . 
It's ironic that so many people who staunchly and proudly tout their religious convictions in public willingly deceive and lie in order to promote creationism/ID . 
Sorry for the Youtube spam . 
Joseph : The most gullible husband ever . 
Using baseball musings lineup analysis , and historical/projected stats from the Reds starters , I found that their best lineup will score 4.712 runs/game ( but the lineup is very different from what you'd expect ) . The actual possible lineups score about . 1 runs/game less . 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin is retarded . 
Republican members of Congress think that the mass snowstorms in the Northeast disproves Climate Change/Global Warming theory . It upsets me that a ) they're flat out factually wrong ; b ) I'm smarter than them ; c ) They actually have power over what goes on in this country . 
Wants to read \The Future of an Illusion\ " by Sigmund Freud " 
< PROPMALE > Zobrist 2B , < PROPFIRST > Votto 1B , < PROPFIRST > Lind RF , < PROPMALE > Sandoval 3B , < PROPFIRST > Tulowitzki SS , < PROPFIRST > Butler DH , Shin-Soo Choo CF , Kendry Morales C , < PROPFIRST > Coghlan LF . Last year this lineup would've scored about 6.8 runs/game in 2009 , compared to the Yankees lineup which scored 5.6 runs/game . The best part ? The above ( ENTIRE !! ) lineup made 5 million last year- most individual Yankees made twice that ( or more ) . 
If God is omni-benevolent , then he does not want evil to exist ; If God is omniscient ,? then he must know about all evil in the world ; If God is omnipotent , then he must be capable of doing something about it . Therefore , if god exists , evil should not exist ; Evil exists ; Therefore , ( the biblical ) god must not exist ; Is my logic flawed anywhere ? 
I think someone needs to remind < PROPFEMALE > Palin that she's not the spokesperson for kids with Downs Syndrome . Having a kid with Downs Syndrome doesn't mean you can speak for other kids or other parents , and it sure as hell doesn't mean that YOUR being offended overrides a girl's opinion with Downs Syndrome herself . Disturbing trend , Palin- I regret to inform you , Freedom of Speech doesn't cease because you're OFFENDED 
Just because something gives you comfort doesn't make it in the least bit true . In fact , things that give us comfort are frequently the things that we should be the most skeptical of , because we are most likely to be under the influence of wishful thinking . Wishing something were true doesn't make it any more real . 
< PROPFIRST > Sagan : Life is but a momentary glimpse of the wonder of the astonishing universe , and it is sad to see so many dreaming it away on spiritual fantasy . 
Two opposing basketball players praying to the same god for a different result . Gotta love the power of prayer ! 
If the Bible is supposed to be the inspired word of god and be a guide on how one should live their life , why is it that so much was thrown out and not included in the \Bible\ " of today ? " 
Cedar Point : The happiest place on Earth . 2.5 months HOLD 
It's well known that the Bible has lost a lot in translation . If < PROPFEMALE > started off with \Once upon a time ... \ " instead of \ " In the beginning ... \ " the whole thing would make much more sense . " 
Yes , creationists , human beings are JUST animals- in the same sense that Earth is JUST a planet . The church still doesn't like the idea that human beings are animals , in the same way they didn't like the idea that the Earth wasn't \special\ " at the center of the universe . " 
When your long-cherished beliefs do not agree with the most precise facts and observations , you must accept the uncomfortable facts , and prefer the hard truth to the dearest illusions . That is the heart of science 
< PROPFIRST > Beck : Never went to college . < PROPFIRST > Hannity : dropped out of college . Rush Limbaugh : flunked out of college after a year . < PROPFIRST > Olbermann : graduated < PROPMALE > University at age 20 . < PROPFEMALE > Maddow : B.A from < PROPMALE > , and Dr. of Philosophy from Oxford . 
Today is the resurrection of Christ , a story which follows in the footsteps of other savior-gods who were brutally murdered and then resurrected , like Adonis , Osiris , and Attis . But what exactly separates Christianity from those religions ( obviously making it RIGHT and the others wrong) ? Thats right , the Easter < PROPFEMALE > . Oddly enough , that too was stolen from pre-christian pagan religion . 
People that argue that the Ten Commandments should be posted in Courthouses , etc . typically argue that they are the \moral foundation\ " for society . 1st Commandment : \ " no other gods before me\ " 1st Amendment : \ " freedom of religion \"- which is it ? You can't have both ! < PROPMALE > of Rights/Constitution > Bible " 
< PROPFEMALE > 19:30 -38 . Some real good rape and incest . Sneak peak : < PROPFEMALE > 19:36 , \Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father . \"" 
All religions are based on faith . If faith can lead someone to have false beliefs , then what is the value of your faith ? 
Since the beginning of vaccinations in the late 1700s , people have claimed they do not work . Then they destroyed smallpox , which had killed millions . Then they got rid of polio , which had infected millions . That's right , diseases that had once KILLED humans , have been ERADICATED . But you know . They still don't work . 
All religions tempt believers who fear death and the unknown by saying they know the secret to eternal life . I think < PROPFIRST > Sagan , one of the most influential scientists and religious skeptics of all time , said it best when it comes to that topic : \To live in the hearts we leave behind is to never die \"" 
It's not reasonable to assume something exists ( or performed some action ) if there is no evidence for it . There is no benefit to this assumption , and no advance can come from it , because there is no way to distinguish it from the infinitely many other things it could have been , if it was anything at all . 
If God kills ( < PROPFIRST > 6 , Deut 3 , 2 Kings 10:18 -27 , many more ) , lies ( < PROPMALE > 21:21 -22 , < PROPFIRST > 11:24 -25 , < PROPFIRST > 14:13 -14 , etc . ) , discriminates ( 1 Cor . 14:34 , Exodus 21:7 -11 , Leviticus 20:13 , so on ) , and otherwise behaves in a manner that puts the Mafia to shame ( < PROPFEMALE > 22:1 -18 , Exodus 13:2 ... ) , that's okay , he's God . He can do whatever he wants . 
Cedar . Brb . 
Basketball today sports of all sorts mt zion 6 o'clock 
XxDon't TouchxX 
Throughout history people have used the bible to rationalize mass murders , bigotry , slavery , racism , sexism , inequality ... and you're willing to ignore all of that because you like other parts ? 
The Human eye is often implicated as evidence of an intelligent designer . We cannot see in ultraviolet or infrared . We can only see in front of ourselves . We have horrible vision in the dark . Vision gets worse with age ( oh and blindness ) . We have a blind spot in our peripheral vision .. it would seem this designer preferred birds , insects , or fish with the eyes . Cool Design ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYsnVMjG4lk 
While there are many things science has yet to fully explain and may not even explain in my lifetime , I am simply incapable of accepting an explanation grounded not in facts or reason , but by faith . To me , it is better to admit I don't know and be honest in that , opposed to pretending I do know , no matter how uncomfortable not knowing makes me , and no matter how fulfilling thinking I do know might be . 
The fact that you cannot personally explain , comprehend , or refuse to understand the many facets of science which point to precisely the same conclusion ( evolution , for example ) does not excuse passing off speculation as fact , it doesn't excuse willful ignorance , and it sure as hell doesn't excuse you trying to wedge that speculation into science classes 
Ancients once thought the Earth was flat . Aristotle and Eratosthenes proved them wrong . Though they were wrong , they were very nearly right . The curvature of a flat surface is 0 ; the curvature of the Earth was calculated as 0.000126 per mile . Then , we thought the Earth was a sphere . < PROPMALE > proved that to be wrong . Though wrong , we were very nearly right . 
Islamic community center in New York ? Sure , first amendment . Next question . 
If your understanding of evolution consists of references to Pokemon , I can't possibly expect you to understand biological models such as the Phylogenetic tree . 
Shin-Soo Choo RF 461K\ 
< PROPFIRST > Huff LF 3M\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > SS 2.3 M\ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > DH 440K\ 
Geovany Soto C 575K\ 
< PROPFIRST > Rasmus CF 418K\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 3B 400K\ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 2B 420K\ 
Daric < PROPMALE > 1B 410K\ 
\ 
Based on stats from this year , this lineup would score 6.29 runs/game . This is about 2 runs/game above league average , and almost 1 run/game more than the best offense in the MLB . All this while spending only 8.4 million dollars . 
Live as if you were to die tomorrow , learn as if you were to live forever . 
2 Tickets for the Reds game at 1:10 - excellent seats on the 3rd base line , anyone interested ? 
See that < PROPFEMALE > ? That's us . Everyone that has ever lived , everything that has ever lived , everything that is in history books , happened there . Everyone you love , everyone that's been lost , all the fond memories you have , happened there . It's pretty humbling , isn't it ? \ 
http://earthbydavidbrin.pbworks.com/f/earth-pale-blue- < PROPFEMALE > . jpg 
Beware of those who have taken authority as truth , rather than truth as authority . 
When people say god speaks to them , people tend to view them as pious . If I were to say that god talks to me through my hairdryer , people would presume I was crazy . I fail to see how the addition of a hairdryer makes the statement any different . 
J Brews 
Stultior stulto fuisti , qui tabellis crederes 
1 < PROPFIRST > 2:9 -12 . Know your place , woman . 
Thanks to all my awesome friends that helped me by voting in the 4ftin contest ! 
The Electoral College , the way we elect the President of the USA , is remarkably outdated . It makes 3 basic assumptions : 1 ) The electorate cannot be trusted/is uninformed , 2 ) The state you live in is more important than the country you live in , 3 ) Most people's votes shouldn't count . 
There are people called scientists , and their job is to look at the evidence and try to figure out what happened ; then there are people called preachers , whose job is to take a 2000 year old holy book , and tell people that that book was already right about stuff that no one had ever studied , because god told the people that wrote the book the truth . Of those two groups , I trust the scientists 
I'm a realist . When life gives you lemons ... you probably just found some lemons . 
In what other context besides religion is it considered moral to allow someone to be tortured for what you've done ? This is nothing more than an example of scapegoating and human sacrifice . What about that fun ritual where you eat the body of Christ and drink his blood ? That's called transubstantiation- and it's just one of many examples of Christian's stealing beliefs and rituals from the Pagans . 
< PROPMALE > 23:19 -21 . Another great Bible verse . 
A lot of people get upset with me because I question religious beliefs . So why should religion be immune to criticism ? You have the right to BELIEVE whatever you want . But I think it's stupid , for example , to try and telepathically communicate to an invisible man in the sky , and think it will have an effect . I criticize people for praying for the same reason I'd criticize someone who thought they had a lucky charm . 
If you don't accept evolution , how can you explain all the useless crap the creator gave us ? Goosebumps , flinching when we hear high-pitched sounds , and our useless third eyelid ( nictitating membrane ) . What about the auriculares muscles ? Or the appendix which does more harm than good- and of course wisdom teeth . And the Mammalian Diving Reflex .. evolution predicts these things- how does creation explain it ? 
Might run for political office in a few years . Push \like\ " if you'd vote for me . " 
< PROPFIRST > was a virgin and engaged to < PROPFIRST > when she got pregnant . God was the father of Jesus , not < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > still married < PROPFIRST > some time later . From this we learn two things : 1 ) Jesus was born out of wedlock , and 2 ) < PROPFIRST > either committed adultery or was raped by God . 
It's a tragedy when someone gets hurt badly on the football field .. but causing someone to get hurt is not a penalty . The flag in the Colts game didn't come in until a full 5 seconds after it happened when the refs realized the player was hurt . If you're not allowed to hit people hard , it's not football anymore . 
What kind of forgiveness is justified by someone else's suffering ? 
I've been watching some of the interviews with < PROPFIRST > W . Bush on questions about his presidency . It seems to me that he thinks pious fraud is perfectly fine justification for going to war . Who cares if Saddam didn't have WMDs ( the reason we went to war in the first place ) the world is a better place without him in it ... so it's fine ! 
Taking into account Wins and Losses for who wins the Cy Young totally misses the point of the award . It's supposed to see who's the best pitcher , not who's the best pitcher on the best team . Wins and Losses are a team stat , the Cy Young is an individual award . 
The stance of atheism ( and any position of nonbelief , religious or not ) is that until there is ample evidence to believe in something , the only rational position is to NOT believe in it . Lots and lots of people claim to have been abducted by aliens , seen Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster , but until there is real evidence of their existence I will not believe in them . 
If a man rapes a virgin women and is caught , the man must pay her father 50 shekels of silver and he must marry her , never to be divorced . Deuteronomy 22:28 -29 . 
Is slavery ever justifiable in any context ? 
< PROPMALE > Couch is better than < PROPFIRST > Collins and < PROPMALE > Dilfer . < PROPFIRST > don't lie ! 
How arrogant are you to not participate in a parade because it's referred to as a \Holiday Parade\ " opposed to \ " Christmas Parade \"?" 
Why is it that Christians have no problem with doing work on the Sabbath ? 
Do you believe vampires exist ? Why or why not ? 
Happy winter solstice ! Axial tilt : the real reason for the season 
Do you believe that if your father , grandfather , great grandfather , etc . commited a crime , that you should have to go to prison for it ? Hmm . But don't forget- We are all sinners because of what happened in the Garden of < PROPFEMALE > . 
The Bengals play the Chargers tomorrow . I'm going . With some amazing seats . <3 Becca Knauss 
Thanks for the Birthday wishes ! 
Debating creationists on the topic of religion is rather like trying to play chess with a pigeon- it knocks the pieces over , craps on the board , and flies back to its flock to claim victory . 
\It is only because the difference between the rate of change in a static universe and the rate of change in an evolutionary one is that between zero and very nearly zero that the creationists can continue propagating their folly . \ " - < PROPMALE > Asimov " 
If you believe that the US is a Christian nation , by the same reasoning , you must also concede that it is a white nation . 
Got me again , < PROPFIRST > Tosh 
I don't work for them , or get anything from them , but if you're a college student and you buy books , I'd check out \ bookrenter.com\"- it looks like you could save quite a bit of money . " 
To those of you who think morals are absolute , what would you say to the Founding Fathers of this nation who not only condoned slavery , but explicitly determined that a slave should count as 3/5 of a person ? Would you conclude that since the Founding Fathers thought slavery was OK , they were evil ? 
There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age , family member's names . Remove yourself by searching your name , find your < PROPFEMALE > , copy the URL then go to the bottom right of the < PROPFEMALE > & click on the Privacy link to remove yourself . Copy & re-post so your FB friends are aware . 
The Bible says slavery is OK . What do you think ? ( Or , are you allowed to think ? ) 
Don't treat life as a way to pass the time until you die- as if it's some test for a fantasy of an afterlife . Live life as fully as you can- live it as happily as you can , and share it with those who mean the most to you . Living life for what is , grounded in reality , leaves you feeling much more satisfied than wishing for what you hope will be . 
Vivitur ingenio , caetera mortis erunt . 
God is responsible for over 2 million deaths in the Bible ( including men women and children ) , allowing and even condoning slavery , not to mention he impregnated a 14 year old ( < PROPFIRST > ) . He's not worthy of respect , let alone worship . 
If helping others seems like a task , then you're doing it wrong 
Anyone seen how ridiculous these brackets are ? Harvard only got a 6 seed , what a joke 
I'm not proud of the game I just watched 
For someone who believes that all of the pain , suffering , and evil things that happen in this world is willingly dealt out by an all-powerful god who loves you more than anyone or anything else ever could , yet is holding us responsible for our most distant relatives eating an apple from a tree , your beliefs aren't that irrational . BTW Japan called . Prayers still aren't helping . 
New rule : anyone who denies scientific facts aren't allowed to enjoy the benefits derived from them . 
38% of people believe that the Earthquake/Tsunami in Japan and thousands of people killed there is a sign from god . Yet , 56% of people believe god is \in control of everything . \ " And this is a great example of what is fundamentally wrong with religion : the disconnect with reality . " 
Password is gogogo 
League name : Pseudovets\ 
Password : gogogo 
Over/under 85 wins this year for the Reds ? 
