They cant all be dead ends .... but which direction to choose , hmmm ..... 

rough day ... had to bury my niece , prayers welcome , my sister needs all she can get ... 
rough day ... had to bury my niece , prayers welcome , my sister needs all she can get ... R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > Madgeline Treat 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . Dr. Seuss 
The longer you allow your government to pass laws to restrict the freedoms of persons other that yourself the closer you get to being next . 
says windows 7 is thus far an absolutely amazing piece of software and i have never been so impressed by and windows whis early in the game .... so your macbook can suck on that 
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us ; what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal . < PROPFIRST > Pike 
is pretty sure he has the black plague ..... 
No man is so foolish but he may sometimes give another good counsel , and no man so wise that he may not easily err if he takes no other counsel than his own . He that is taught only by himself has a fool for a master . < PROPMALE > S . Thompson 
The more powerful and original a mind , the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude . Aldous Huxley 
so out of no particular necessity and playing a game i call wikipedia jumping where in reading one article u click links to other that sound interesting i have read the articles for .. zip codes , brick and click , retronym , perl , anachronism , hms dreadnought , < PROPFEMALE > farthings , safety bicycles , neologism , ..... 
web 2.0 , dot-com bubble , screamo , retroactive continuity , retroactive nomenclature , cato the younger , Fin de siècle , translato imperii , reich , steampunk , suspension of disbelief , soap opera rapid aging syndrome , blackadder , artistic license , alternate history , florida class battleship , helgoland class battleship , blackface , and dreadnought , not to be confused with the hms dreadnought . 
just watched three musketeers < PROPFEMALE > .... now < PROPFEMALE > gets to watch a movie for her . LMAO ! 
ATTENTION !!!!!!! As of today , there is a \ 
NEWPRIVACY setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data\ 
we dont rebel to sell , it just suits us well , we are the bright young things 
Ahhh cooking outside over the fire ... the way god intended mmmm 
I shoulda held out till they came and got me like < PROPFIRST > tames .. this dominos pizza isnt that wonderful ... crust is excellent .. everthing else .. not so much 
I just loved watching the saline county da make a fool of herself today ! lol 
How dare you single out my honesty , compare it to your travesties . I only wanna see you fight .. the darkness you wanna live your life by ... And if your gonna quit i dont give a shit back up im a < PROPMALE > truck . are ya gonna give up like a b# !? % or jump da f#@ ! up ! 
This oil disaster and the republican supporters of big oil's response to\ 
it is proof beyond all doubt that anyone not in favor of energy reform \ 
has and will continue to value money in their pocket over human lives .. \ 
if there wasn't enough already . And on a side note < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > should\ 
be in prison ... 
How about we stimulate the economy by employing americans to clean up the spill and force bp to pick up the tab 
i could never buy an imac if not solely for the guruistic way in which people promote them .. i love my pc and its constant problems .. it always has something wrong that needs fixed or longs for attention in some way ... damn imacs just being ok all by themselves . If i cant tear you apart and put you back together ... you shall not be an electronic friend of mine 
There are those who look at things the way they are , \ 
and ask why ... I dream of things that never were , and ask why not ? \ 
\ 
Robert\ 
Kennedy 
If you think free speech applies to general McChrystals situation then you have the whole idea all wrong ... he had a job to do and he publicly critisized his boss , make no mistake that the military works for civilian elected government , so when he did what he did he lost his job , and any boss would have made the same decision . 
So as i see Palin condemning the buildup of government she backs the gestapo style let me see your papers legislator passed in arizona ... So regulation and government control is ok as long as it doesnt interfere with the profits of big business ... the only conclusion that can be drawn . 
ahh american 300 million ppl with there head in the ass of the guy next to em and 100 americans and the rest of the world wondering wtf is wrong with them 
Imagin the problems we could eliminate if everyone just drove powers wheels cars \\n$kytzo 
well not quite hangover caliber like the cover stated but not bad at all .. Hot tub time machine was a pleasant surprise .. good show sirs 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > ... gone but never forgotten , you will be missed brother . And my prayers go out to the family and everyone who is left behind in the wake of this tragedy . 
So as i watch the old people walk out of a conference with two former secretaries of state ... i wonder .. what happens when the people who pay attention die ? 
If a persons relationship status can be single y cant mine be double ... i am that fuckin cool lol 
I'd like for everyone to know that getting a windows xp 32 bit pc and a windows 7 64 bit pc to share documents via a crossover cable is a a difficult thing to pull off ... but as with most things i am a genius and have pulled it off . 
status ... fuck you 
ok kids .. with the day my amazon kindle arrives nearing , id like some suggestions for additions to my must read list 
do you have this in a six ? 
It true blood thirty ... gonna be a long night ... and day lol 
Dream the same thing every night\ 
I see our freedom in my sight\ 
No locked doors , No windows barred\ 
No things to make my brain seem scarred 
how other guys could have a higher rating than cop out on imdb .... is just beyond me , i did not laugh one time during that movie , maybe a smile or two at best 
The < PROPFIRST > of the immature man \ 
is that he wants to die nobly for a cause , while the < PROPFIRST > of a mature \ 
man is that he wants to live humbly for one” Wilhelm Steke 
With nearly 80 percent of americans being admitted Christians , has the thought < PROPFEMALE > occurred that it may be they themselves that have caused the problems they seek to be rid of ? 
when the world slips you a < PROPFIRST > , just stroke the furry wall 
ohh the government and epa says gulf sea food is safe ... i mean i know they said the 9-11 air was safe to breath , but this is different ... they promise but not really . 
I felt that in a county as < PROPMALE > as ours , no one , should go to bed hungry , and that there certainly , should be an educational system that allows every child to pursue , whatever dream they have , and that no should have to chose between finances and their health , and for FUCK SAKE , there outta be flying cars . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Black 
This is faceless nameless\ 
Shotgun replaced his penis \ 
Machines conceived to terrorize\ 
Protect and serve us Genocide 
If it truly is , the thought that counts ... I am one evil fucker , there is mean , awful things up there 
I need new music , anyone that listens to things like i listen to , suggestions please 
Settings ? ultra high\ 
anti aliasing ? yes please\ 
Gtx 460 , i cant hear you but i know your in there , and i love you 
There are certain inherent risks is using public restrooms without checking the toilet paper supply ... are you a risk taker ? Warning : extreme possibility of shitty results . 
The remainder is an unjustifiable , egotistical power struggle at the expense of the American dream , the American dream !!! 
When the United States can no longer operate as and independent identifiable entity , the only option left will be global government , so just keep your day-trading job , making money off the goods produced in foreign countries , I'm sure we'll all be OK . 
I'm free !..... with manufacturers coupon of course , also i'm off house arrest 
Copy this and put it in your status if you know someone or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone or even if you've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . 
Went christmas shopping early this year ... a whole twelve days to spare , progress not perfection ... i think they put that in there for me . 
< PROPMALE > the shopping was done a week and a half ago ... the wrapping , well , there is always tomorrow , progress not perfection . 
Registered for classes today , don't worry I'm getting the important stuff done first , like bowling , and history of baseball . I'm a go getter . 
It's not like i made myself a list of new and different ways to murder your heart , I'm just a painting that's still wet , if you touch me I'll be smeared , you'll be stained , stained for the rest of your life . I love that song , fyi . 
Happy Green beer day ... or green juice day i guess . Wait , i didn't put any food coloring in this ... WTF ? 
