is amazed at the amount of funk that can come out of the butt of such a cute little orange < PROPFEMALE > ! I feel like I need gas masks that fall out of the ceiling like in an airplane everytime he enters the litter . Almost can't hold my breathe long enough to get the air freshner ! 

hates playing the waiting game but hope come Monday it's all worth it :o ) 
thinks its a beautiful day in the neighborhood :o ) 
they say that challenges get thrown your way to test your strength and determination so if that's the case September has been like taking the SAT's on a rollercoaster . I'm hoping October will be more of an open book test on the merry-go-round . 
Realtors must take a class on how to make even the crappiest house look good in photos cuz they sure don't look the same in person as they do on the internet . 
here we go again .... sucks the waiting game always happens on the weekends and this time there's even a bank holiday ! If petsmart doesn't kill me finding a house will . 
I wonder if the people in the world who are in charge of rejecting real estate offers ever feel bad about themselves ?? 
got the call this morning .... someone finally accepted my offer !! Seems surreal to look at the windermere website and see MY house listed as Pending Inspection . It's about time those two words temporarily shatter someone elses dreams instead of my own . 
I think the true test of who is going to be there for you when you really need it is to just simply say \I need help\ " and listen for the people who reply with \ " what can I do\ " instead of \ " we'll see\ " or \ " I need to know all the details first \"." 
Almost in the hurry up and wait stage ... looking forward to it ... then maybe I can get some good sleep :o ) 
Exhausted from working 4am-10pm with a 3 hour break in the middle . I think even my hair is sore :o ) 
Thank you , thank you , thank you for all the birthday wishes :o ) It was a pretty anti-climatic day but turned out to be ok . Got to sleep in , had some pancakes , relaxed at home with my main squeeze and the kitties and then went to a mandatory work meeting . Guess birthdays get less exciting as you get older ... or maybe I get less exciting ... not sure which :o ) 
Finally closing on the house tomorrow !! Ready for endless dinners of top ramen , mis-matched furniture that's been donated to the cause , rooms with 5 different colors of paint on the wall cuz I can't decide which color I like and taking the \Landlord\ " off of speed dial cuz no one is going to give a crap if my washer breaks down . " 
been without internet capability for a little while but sort of back in business . I apologize to my friends for not keeping in better contact . Recent events have occupied my time but please know I think about each of you often & hope to talk to you soon :o ) 
All I want to do is play my Guitar Hero Rock's the 80's for PS2 on our PS3 but after reading what seems like a million message boards you need 5 different guitars to play 2 games . Doesn't make sense and now I'm pissed . Guess it's Wii boxing instead ..... better make sure I use the wrist strap cuz i'm fired up and breaking the TV at the same time wouldn't help :o ) 
It sucks to feel defeated before you even start . It's like being told to dig a ditch 5ft deep and all you are handed is a plastic spoon . Not even McGyver would be able to figure that one out and he is way more talented than me . 
Its Friday night & I'm stuck on an overnight at work with a bunch of construction dudes till 5am ... fun times . I miss my < PROPFEMALE > , my kitties & my recliner :( 
Love fry filled dates with < PROPFIRST > :) how great is a friend who can crack up with you in the mall about the potty patch & old people :) good times :) 
you dont leave someone behind but rather take a piece of them with you & leave a piece of yourself with them 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
having money allows people to be the a**holes they truly are . i'd rather be broke & humble & know that the people around me are there for the real reasons . 
i'd rather be opptimistic and a fool than pessimistic and right 
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs 
ac·cuse verb \\?- ? kyüz\\ \ 
To assume or affirm another's guilt or unworth is most commonly used as justification of ourselves for having wronged him . 
