idk it just wird right now 

my dog is dead life sucks thats whats on my mind 
HEY READ THIS No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day 
im sick butt will make it tomarow 
hanging out at pal's house 
correction Dr. Fagets house 
cross country is the shit were tight like spandex 
bit bored and i have to finish my home work ... 
personal record for the home cross country meet 
is just sort off drifting 
happy birhtday < PROPFEMALE > borke < PROPFEMALE > Borke 
hanging with dr. faget 
bit bored 
has swine flu and feels like crap . 
temp of 101 life sucks 
is hanging with dr. faget 
is ready to go sledding 
kinda bored and hoping for more snow 
super pissed and confused 
What is the most non raceist animal ? . . . . . A panda its white black and asian ! a knee slapper right ? 
feels kinda sick thank god for pills 
the sledding really sucks this time 
asian food and snow what could be better 
is excited for thanks giving should be doing home work but is skrewing around on facebook and is jonesing for some ski time 
happy birthday to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > way tobe alive and < PROPFIRST > have fun buying loto tickets , snuggies off the tv , cigerets , porn , puppies and voteing happy 18th 
so tired work outs make me sore 
should be doing home work 
Not bad a night . 
Will be 17 in 9 days . What a useless birthday . 
is waiting to see the sun rise and savor the new day 
is also going party at 3 
if you can find better pick up lines let me know- lost my virginity . can i have yours ? Do ur pants have a mirror cuz i see myself in them You know what would look good on you ? Me you : hey ! you dropped something . other : what ? you : my jaw ! Hey I'm looking for a treasure . Can I look around your chest ? do u work at subway cuz ure giving me a foot long if you were a booger i would pick you 
same as before couldnt fit it all into one post Im having an off day , Can you turn me on ? are u good at math ?? can u substitute my x ? Girl , you must be tired cuz you been runnin through my mind ALL day . Are you a parking ticket ? You got fine written all over you . I don't have a library card , but do you mind if i check you out ? If you were a burger at McDonald's you'd be the McGorgeous . 
same as before Damnnit somethings wrong with my phone ? -What ? -Your < PROPFIRST > not in it Do you know karate ? Cause your body's kickin ! Is your last name Campbell ? Because you are mmm ... mmm ... good ! Do you have any raisens ? -What ? No ? -How bout a date ? =] Do you have at & t ??? why ? because .... you raising my bar !!! - 
excuse me , do you have a bandaid ? -why ? -i just scraped my knee falling for you ... Im new in town ... could i possibly get directions to your house Lets make like math and subtract your clothes and multiply My love for you is like diarrhea , I just can't hold it in 
the word of the day is ' legs ' ... so lets go back to my place and spread the word Hey can I come in ? My binocaulars are fogging up if i could make the alphabet , i'd put U and I together . can I look at the tag on your shirt , I wanna make sure it doesn't say \made in heaven " 
so many bad pick uplines please use them 
join the cult of twaddell 
i wish i had theme music for my life playing all the time 
is finding a job tomarow . any sugestions ? 
Got a new puppy . finnegan 
the new dog finnegan is ausome but kinda a nut . and i need to get of face book and do some Home work for ap 
59 people on face book at one time loony 
madrassas . what is a madrassas if any one can tell me i will take them out to lunch . its driving me crazy 
: is watching the olympics opening ceremony and the canadian chick is totally lipsinking . badly 
fire = frogs intimidate retarded eagles 
i have broken my pinky toe . it hurts . like a bitch . 
i hate my foot right now 
Because of a certain bet with < PROPFEMALE > Grimard for money and pride also a promise/agreement with < PROPFEMALE > Keeney . I will not be getting any more hair cuts untill the first day of my < PROPMALE > year . Any ideas of how to style it ? Or should i just rock dread-locks ? 
for the next 6 months no hair cuts 
head feels heavy with all this hair 
facebookary 
incase you did not know the sock to spandex tan is the sexyist tan 
i think im out for the season 
kinda bores text me 7202201332 
there is a shocking 64 people online right now 
Super fun track meet BA pictures . Armpit batteries . Pick up lines on Sady . And crazie winds plus coldness 
I just got a job interview ! the wheels are in motion :) 
Saturday holy family meet at 6:45 am ! :( tuesday job interview :) 
As i was going down the street i looked into the car going the opposite way just as the kid rolled his eyes at his mother funnyest thing this month 
new things are like oil painting you have to paint a hundred to know if your good at it 
Eviscerate is the word of the month 
just got done with my job interview it went well i think . . . . . . . . 
Dont mess with < PROPMALE > barker he will kick your ass i love happy gillmore 
Your going to die clown ! ! 
Diversity day for three periods in a row tomarow . FML . 
Rumspringer ! ! 
Never trust a thin chef 
Most people respect the badge , every one respects the gun . 
'' You can piss on my face just dont tell me its raining '' wow freakin awesome movie 
Fun track meet running the medly and the throwers relay even though i dont throw and useing hannas iphone for mad libs 
my dog is truely nuts 
Get cell # < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
sunday is the Meehan V.S. Kinzi tennis match one o'clock be there . 
< PROPFEMALE > Jabal kinzie has backed out of the tennis match i win by default 
Sweet last meet placed 6th in pole vault and 6th in the 4X1 JV championships were a good way to finish the season and props to Sady for pulling 5 events 
Best three day weekend in a long time . Now its back to the same old grind 
A Cardinal rule of life : Dont Fuck With People Who Handle Your Food 
Job interview tomarow i really should be in bed . night 
I got a job at 6 flags 
Some times you run . you run until your legs burn and your veins pump batteries and them you run some more 
Escalators can never brake they can only become stairs 
Rumpus time is over 
That was so funny . i remember the last time i heard that joke i laughed so hard i fell off my dinosaur 
So you know how Nixion was busted at the watergate . Do you know the name of the guy that did the busting found the bugs and told other people ? Thats ri 
ght you dont . cardinal rule in life dont Fuck with a president 
Had only 4 hours of school today 
AP Test today . . . . . . . . Crap 
I never really knew the real meaning of the term a cult classic until i watched V For Vendetta for the 68th time freakin awesome movie 
You can kill a man , you can kill a billion men . You cant kill an idea they are immortal . 
I just killed the most extream giant huge wasp ever in my room 
I am now up at 4 in the morning WTF . 
Sleep is a drug once you get some you always want more . deprive your self and break your addiction . 
I just made communism cookies 
Why does < PROPFIRST > Ostwald keep on bullying me ? she wont stop poking me 
indiffrence is the real evil 
im going to an I Hate < PROPFEMALE > concert on the 5th with keegan 
just go hacked . fuck you my girl freind cheated on me guy 
Disco party soon text me if you want directions 
Such a fun night and last day . awesome day hanging with the guys and a spectacular disco party filled with back yard duels hitting on girls and danceing 
Expect disco party pics tomarow 
this has been a good start to the summer 
I just found 5 school books in my room 
Why is it dont let the bed bugs bite ? That seems kinda unavoidable now a mongoose bite seems avoidable and that would hurt 
I am on the bus and sitting next to one is a old man with a < PROPFEMALE > pack MLA 
A good day and the night would have been perfect except for SOMEONE messing up the half of my night get some pills crazy . oh and i might get my hair colored 
fun day in boulder with Keegan 
i changed my profile < PROPFEMALE > to pirate english 
I got a new phone and lost all my contacts so every one text me 720-220-1332 
Proper prior planning prevents piss poor performance 
Get him to the greek was funny 
fear zompoc its on the way 
im haveing a garage sale at my house/neighborhood tommorrow 19 houses text me for location if you dont know where i live 720-220-1332 
Attention to all spot jacking concert douchebags FUCK YOU 
That was the best concert I almost broke my arm in the moshpit I Hate < PROPFEMALE > kickedAss 
just got home from keegan's after seeing i hate < PROPFEMALE > at the < PROPMALE > theater last night 
Muse oct 2nd pepsi center 
the problem with the american dream is that it came true 
my dog is chaseing his own tail 
A woman is making me a sandwich that woman's name is < PROPFEMALE > 
It is a great sandwich 
If you like this status I will post something on your wall that I like about you . Make this your status if you want a challenge 
I had I really fun 2 hours on the RTD and now its off to job training 
so tired form sleeping ay ians last night 
A revolution with out dancing is a revolution not worth having 
so the water heater in my house just broke but on the bright side the water is only in my sister's room 
Time is the one thing you can't buy , steal or bribe 
'' Our two party system is basically a bowl of shit looking in a mirror '' 
fuck BP http://www.facebook.com/pages/Fuck-BP/130208366989766 
I have seen 36 yukons today . wow 
To day I received my first ever paycheck . 
Works at elitches in the kiddie park 
Work sucked today and im still on the Freakin bus :-( 
Such a fun day with Keegan in boulder . Goods were exchanged at amazing level . 
Children can't cry if they are drinking water 
Some day I am going to hike the A.T. 
I have literally broken my left hand running a ride at work today 
Just got off work . It was a long day 
There is this lady trying to hawk stuff on the RTD 
such a long day of work today and i am working on the 4th of july . :( but on the other hand all of the life gaurds i met were chill and i make a good amount of cash 
just saw the trailer for the next < PROPMALE > potter movie . who wants to go see it at midnight with me in november ? 
Three is Two , Two is One and One is none 
like this status & I'll tell you what my first impression of you was , what I like about you , what I dislike about you , & one confession 
Because of stupid jasen durrillo Elitches has so many people we can't fit them out side the park before opening and we have to pre admit people . FML 
Work today sucked so much . But DAMMIT < PROPFEMALE > ! 
as some of you may know there is a < PROPMALE > the builder show in kiddie land at elitches but what you dont know is that inside the < PROPMALE > the builder suit is a red head girl 
Great disco party last night met some awesome people and I slept on a tramp 
Beware of the front butt ! 
every body send autumn keller freind requests look in my freinds 
is listening to muse . if you dont know muse is freakin awesome 
Just got off work 
what a busy day and for that matter what a busy week 
it has been months of poking . many months 
text it up 720 220 1332 
Is at red rocks for the offspring concert there is so much weed im getting a area high 
The sluttyest girl in the world is in the row ahead off us and she has flashed us tree times so far 
Im packed and ready to go to new york ! 
Has made it to new york as of midnight 
< PROPFEMALE > may young is pokeing me ! Aaahhh 
im two hours ahead 
Is watching scooby doo 
Just saw despicable me and inception at the drive-in double feature we need a drive-in . it Is now 1:30 am ! 
Its really fun here in new york but I miss alot of people in colorado 
I get back tomorrow around ten hit me up 
Is back ! And sitting on the tarmac at < PROPFEMALE > cause some people can't park planes 
Is home ! But going to the hospital for x-rays :-( 
I just saw a woman walking her son on a leash at < PROPFEMALE > street 
cant go out tonight or tommorow 
has a new 160 gig ipod and has filled 40 of it so far 
memento mori- we all must die 
No offence if you live there but longmont Fuck you I hate you with a burning fury 
Got off work early 
most excited kids ever on the light rail they were literally frothing at the mouth when they saw the tower of doom in the distance one kid wet him self 
1st- U.S. History , Francis\ 
2nd- Sociology , Senseney\ 
3rd- Marketing 2 , McGannon\ 
4th- Chemistry , Daly\ 
5th- AP < PROPFEMALE > & Comp , Fostvedt\ 
6th- Off\ 
7th- Algebra 2 , Ramage\ 
not bad not bad at all :) 
Just grilled a big no huge steak ! 
Hmph the jersey shore ? 
Ok this is bullshit they can't change the free credit score band 
\the greatest invention ever was the printing press through it we can pass knowledge to any one . the greatest skill we can ever learn is reading . if you can read the world is at your feet . \"- Me thats right i quoted my self " 
So tired . I can't wait until tomorrow when I don't work ! So if you want to do something text me . 
Why did the window go to the doctor ?. Cause it had pains ! Ha ha ha 
Is soaking wet I hate rain when I have to work 
Not a bad party last night got a little silly but got home early enough to get up at 6 so a good night 
butter shoes ! 
Vampires suck comes out the day school starts who is up to go see it after school ? 
Just saw a kinzie in a big lots 
Wants a hair cut ! 
Can't run for a month and a half . :-( there goes my cross country season . 
Just got off work and is pumped for the party tonight 
So I have spent the last three days of summer working 8 hour days not the best end 
What a girl 
Ok so really I need this for sociology please describe me in one word 
Is feeling tired and kind of sick but I have to go to work . 
so school tommorow . kinda a crapy weekend . but im getting a hair cut finally 
I Fucking love the show weeds ! 
just got my head shaved 
I have received my ka-bar BK7 and < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Woo 
just got back from a very nice bike ride . riding what i wll be doing for the next month 
hmmmmuph 
Is now video tapping his life . And a jam session 
chillin at ians 
Fun game last night and adventures afterwards 
Ash is falling at my house . BATTEN DOWN THE HATCHES ! 
Is listening to tenacious dickheadz 
Was punched in the face today . It was intense . 
Krav maga was awesome and I am so sore in a good way . It was the hardest work out of my life 
Is at the erie foot ball game 
Good meet at the lake today . XC people you are beast ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > meet . Then a disco party . Its going to be a great day 
Congrats to every one who prd today at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Great party and I had a really nice time hanging out with a great girl tonight 
Wonderfull weather ! Fall kicks ass . 
Are those car keys ? No its my bike lock key . me and < PROPFEMALE > Keeney 
this was a crazy fun awesome night/morning . 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Fuck-the-dress-code/147261908649294 
So far this year my american sign language class has good though 2 teachers after the one from last year quit . Wow I better get my credits . 
Fuck my life . Thank god for good friends . 
Not a bad weekend it was nice to just recuperate . 
Some times people are like rabid dogs they are dangerous and must be put down . 
Toga tuesday . I will be rockin a toga tomorrow . 
I like it where ever she likes it . Be it on the bed , chair , couch , desk , car . its all good 
Is Going to chautauqua . you should come too . Hit me up . 
Rode his bike to boulder and up a huge hill to get to chautauqua and on the way found some collage guys phone and returned it to him then hiked up chauta 
uqua and did some boulder scrambling . It been a great day so far . 
Car full of cool girls Nuff said 
\I refuse to spend the first 60 years of my life worrying about the last 20 . ’”\ 
I'v got 4 tickets to the cu game this weekend . who wants them ? 
“A human being should be able to change a diaper , plan an invasion , butcher a hog , conn a ship , design a building , write a sonnet , balance accounts , build a wall , set a bone , comfort the dying , take orders , give orders , cooperate , act alone , solve equations , analyze a new problem , pitch manure , program a computer , cook a tasty meal , fight efficiently , die gallantly . Specialization is for insects . ” < PROPFIRST > A . Heinlein 
Disco Pogo < PROPFEMALE > Krombolz \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWsQQgbKkjc&ytsession=tlf6c-rjhFDV3xO-lZ4NklQ5ve4uIHgwFyAlnHJrwsqfnATsmP5m2Cxm5uO0SBfaVgvU5J6kJkorVUIfTS1WrzzU6rvbDY_UsYTqIdL4Sy8a8WZ2cy3Ocy0TtOhjdeMtTPpCe62P_9QCvEBmbxDkfwg7V-6t-lqpnlHIl6hQ0aIWN6LJGk1zgFTlyLY_nq_15RVYPUwQZjcT5z-T3VV-dWRyLjmZmYcn8RS7fNF2sx7JpkjSN-NwawnuZCaislOxmPdHVkkSI6z63MroNv6kYG8RCYsPW196 
do you own your posessions ? or do they own you ? 
Like this status and I will not do any thing . 
Never trust a duck . 
life is crazy 
Its the cops ! Book it 
Not a bad night . Dancing , nazis , chocolate flavored slim fits . It was a bit crazy . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killedin Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during the Second Wizarding War . The Order brings Unity , but the Death Eaters continue to < PROPMALE > division and hatred . Almost 60 citizens died in the terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of people won't repost this . Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=041gP-Qrk4U&feature=player_embedded 
Chill night with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Plus Daly ! And smith . Great weekend over all 
Nothing like putting on a really nice pair of socks . 
If you have enough confidence and balls you can do anything , pull off anything , get away with anything , the only thing that limits you is your audacity and vision . 
Is going to alaska this summer 
Good day . Thanks to all veterans and active duty service men and women serving with courage around the world . 
Has a x-box friend me . HulkLogan 
Gamer tag hulkLogan1332 
Gamer tag HULKlogan1332 
Is covered with flower . 
Track pre-season . you wish you were that cool 
December 7th , a day that will live on in infamy . 
Is going to a concert . 
That was a epicly awesome night . 
\Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out . \"- \ 
\Democracy is two wolves and a sheep voting on what's for dinner . < PROPFEMALE > is a well-armed sheep contesting the vote . \"" 
Copper tomorrow . And 17 in three days 
Skiing at copper . 
Snow day ? 
Techno on the weather channel . 
Talked to a recruiter today 
first polevault practice in a long time . twas awesome 
A < PROPMALE > chewbacca !? 
Such a good night . Thanks < PROPFIRST > 
lookin for some different music , suggestions ? 
Pre-season with snow 
to be honest . \ 
? 
What a chill night 
My dog was just chasing a rabbit and a owl swooped out of the night picked up the rabbit and flew away . Holy Shit 
Is going to start going to bed at 7 so I can get up at 2 am every day 
I think I’m going to enlist in the United States < PROPFEMALE > Corps . 
Beautifull day . Football later ? 
Apparently school is cancelled tomorrow I heard it from a teacher 
Fought some dude last night . Hurt my hand . He tried to destroy me ! 
Apparently im an oldmanbaby with the fashion sense of a hobo 
Movie night Hell yeah 
In a cast again , lucky number 4 . There goes my season 
Got rid of my cast . Could have been a mistake 
Awesome night with some of the best guys and the worst horror movies of all time ' A two foot fall into three feet of water that wouldnt even hurt a Fuckin baby ' 
Mexicans are turning < PROPMALE > blond . < PROPMALE > s are turning american . My world is upside down 
I Don't care what any one says horror punk is Bitchin 
Look < PROPFEMALE > no hands 
my hand is fucked up agian from fighting . but i can do a look < PROPFEMALE > no hands so its not a problem . 
Spenceamon he will destroy you ! 
Is going to practice < PROPFEMALE > pong and checkers until I can beat any one 
Is almost back from a 3and a half hour round trip to Dunkin donuts in colorado springs . Worth it . < PROPFIRST > I have your donuts 
First track practice today . if it doesn't suck its not fun . 
Such a good vault day 
Michigan tomorrow 
Feels like Crap . Needs Wanton SOUP 
< PROPFIRST > was hit by a car this morning at the cross walk near his school , he died on the way to the hospital . Funeral arrangements will be made at a later date . 
today i was hit by a dodge ram 1350 pickup truck while riding my bike but i was insanely lucky and didnt die infact nothing is broken and my head is fine . so woo 
grounded and no phone 
Last night got crazy . If I called you last night . Sorry 
Last was awesome . And breakfast was chill as Hell 
No hair 
Wallmart is a finding nemo grave yard 
Rice rice Rice rice Rice rice Rice bangable rice 
To night has been so awesomly chill and its only just starting . Nikk evans you rap like a G 
today wiped me 
Screw you uganda . I hate you and your insufficient water system . 
What a night . Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > 
