Daaammmm time went by too fast . Next thing you'll know we'll be graduating 

I hate projects , especially doing them at the last minute :( sonofabitch 
Is going shopping 
Im so confused :( 
Fuck ! 
:D 
I got my report card . I'm so happy I :) I got a descent gpa yaya 
Wow Thats really depressing 
ILML 
Doing homework 
OMG I have Bieber fever ooooohhhhh < PROPFIRST > I luv u 
I luv driving 
O M G 8 = = = = ==D Lol 
So throw your life out to me my life saver guess who has bieber fever . I do I luv ho's song overboard 
Today was awesome 
FML 
What happend to me ? Who am I ? Have I fogotten my mission ? 
Uuuhhhhhh I hate when parents wake you up . 
I hate furloughs 
Don't you hate it when you have a three day weekend and you still don't do your hw until the last minute and then on Sunday you forget what your hw was and you don't even bother to attempt it until the teacher asks for that assignment the next day ... Lol 
I <3 hw when it makes me frusturated becuase then I don't do it . 
:) <3 
The perfect night ever ! 
Fml 
Life is great because I'm always surrounded by people who love me . Aww ? ( : 
Gong to the beach ! Yay 
Aww school tomorrow noways ! 
Hw hw hw ... Uhhh this sucks I have an exam tomorrow and I didn't even get the study guide ... Sh*t ! Well tomorrows the last day of school thank gosh . 
Yes no school for three days . Ehh what am I gonna do ? 
Bored :( I kinda wish their was school today ... No every furlough Fridays ! 
Is reading a awesome book lol ... I'm such a nerd 
Omg I'm almost finished !!! I feel so accomplished ! YES 
I saw some old pics of me with my friends .. Dam I wish I was young again . Time went by < PROPFEMALE > fast ! Huh , depressing ! Anyways when does school end ? 
Whateverz , you had your < PROPMALE > and you blew it . now leave me the **** alone 
I finished everything - accomplished - 
< PROPMALE > !! Just 1 more year ! 
I have no hw ! Yes , none ! Now , I can relax until graduation ! 
Congratulations ! To all the seniors of the c/o 2010 ! 
Is going to a party ! Shot shot shot shot shot ! 
It's 3:18 In the morning and theirs no one to talk too :( 
Is debating whether or not I should go to school or ditch school tomorrow ? Should I even go too school ... Mom what do you think ? \if you want to go to Oregon 
< PROPMALE > BABY ! 
I like the fact that we have 67 days of no SCHOOL but what the hell am I gonna do ! It's so effing hot ! 
Have you ever seen a 2 year old smoke before well now you do !!! :D you must see . Its so sad the father is an asshole ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xePgC8wHDXI 
Such a beautiful day !!! Beach :D 
But I can't libe like dis anymo < PROPMALE > ... You know that i Iuv u boi , hotttt like Mexico \ 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > . Kiss me !!! Instead of that cockeyed bitch !!! SQUIRELL 
•_• RawR ... Grrr why does that always happen !!! To me ... 
Omgosh !!!! 
Who you calling a kudi < PROPFEMALE > you lint licker 
I hate waking up so early . Where's my mocha laté ! Uhhh this sucks I don't want to get out of bed ! ;*( 
I feel like crap ... Uhhhhh 
I've never heard such a verbal foul language coming out of a 7 year olds mouth ... Daaammm parents you need to discipline this insolent fool ... 
Omg , buffalo solay , he was scratchin his okole , we went to lahaina dis chick was play witha vag *** ohyoyoy ohyoyoy oyioioiio- this is what my cuzin came up with .... Lmfao 
You are my sunshine my only sunshine you make me haapppyy when skys are grey you'd never noticed how much I love you so please don't take my sunshine away !!! 
I heard the most amazing love song in the entire world it's so uuuhhhhhh awesome : the power of love by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > you need to hear it it's so fricken awesome lol 
I drive the posted speed limit and cars in the back get mad at me and start honking l ! What's their problem ? Dummm drivers wanna get killed for being impatient 
Is just waiting for something spectacular to happen . 
Hmm I guess things have change between us two 
XD Taste the rainbow . 
I hate waking up at 6:30 In the Morning !!! Just 3 more days and then halleluyer 
Lol just watched madea goes to jail . I like it when she says halleluyeerr . 
Why do people go on Americas got talent and do stupid stuff ! They can't even bring it ! NEXT 
I have a test tomorrow !!! I hope I pass my exam ! 
Parents are party pooper :D 
You want the truth then here it is : everytime you start writing something in your status you revise and question yourself whether or not It is good or whether or not you should put it if you didn't your revising and erasing and erasing and then you give up ... You my friend just wasted 5 minutes of your life . You've been a bad girl/boy !!! XD hell it happens too me so it must happen too you ! lOL 
Wow today's the day ! I'm so nervous :D I hope I pass and for a fact I know I will ! Wish me lucky Facebook FRIENDS <3 
Don't want to miss a thing\ 
\ 
Cause I miss you babe and I don't wanna miss a thang cause baby when I close my eyes ... 
I totally hate driving with my dad ! Do you know why guys are more involved in car accidents ... Because their fathers tell them to drive faster . I was driving at the posted speed limit 20 ... Dad literally threatened me to drive faster . Guess how fast I was going on a narrow road with a lot of danger ... 40 MPH god damn 
Wow ! Mostly all of my friends on FaceBook are depressed ! Don't get mad get glad :) D 
You don't know what you have until you lose it . 
If everything happens for a reason why am I still here I'm better of dead 
Change is good & that's what i am going to accomplish Starting NOW XD 
Every bone in my body is aching ! I'm so tired XD 
I watched Eclipse and it was really good !!! XD 
Holy crap I just realized that tomorrow is the 4TH of < PROPFIRST > 
Did you know that the : . Nuns . : downtown said that today is the day the world I going to end . Haha they are so wrong ! I'll see you all tomorrow lol ... Happy 4th of July 
I hate arguing Over stupid things ... It's just ridiculous !!! 
If I had to rate my life from a scale from 1-10 it would be 10 !!! I love the memories I made , the actions I'd take ; to make a beautiful present 
It's really fricken hotttt 
I <3 digimon 
The Boo Boo Zoo 
I hate being sick :( 
: . Pretty Little Liars . : 
Who has classes with me\ 
1 . Spanish 3a\ 
2 . American Literature\ 
3 . Human Physiology\ 
4 . Chemistry\ 
5 . Math \ 
6 . Part . In Democracy\ 
7 . I don't have a # 7\ 
Advisory . Smith < PROPFIRST > - who's he ? 
I don't wanna grow up , I wanna get out , hey ! take me away I wanna shout out take me away away away awaaaaaaaaaaaaaay aaaayyyy 
So long gaaaayy boys - hangover that Chinese guy is so funny 
Why is he doing this to me ? 
Marley CooCoo 
Pretty little liars is next , Yay !!! XD 
Night 
Wow summer passed by really fast ! 
My n ' my sista get along like < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
Finally , gosh 
Chee XD 
Life is Beautiful . 
Omw I had a dream that I was a green power ranger . Don't you hate it when you're about to kiss someone in your dream and someone barges in ( your dream ) and your like oooohhh never mine . Lol 
Wow my life < PROPFEMALE > ted from playing Pokemon back in Makawao elementary school , to the < PROPFEMALE > of the month through out 2nd - 5th grade . Than it went to renaissance back in Kalama and now high school . Wow high school wasn't as good as the good old days but it opens up a brighter future . 
Nooooo !!! School tomorrow , why ? 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops into your head . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status . You'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
Today was a good day ! :D 
I was looking through all of my yearbooks from K-10 and it just amazes me how we grew up so fast ! We all look so different now and I looked at all the people I know now but didn't know than and it's just one of those moments where you're like I wish I knew that person back than because they are AWESOME . I will never forget the memories 
I'm not ignoring you , I'm waiting to see if you'll make the effort for once . 
Beach XD Yay ... Beach XSunburnX Beach :( * School Tomorrow * 
I need to move on already . It's not even worth it :) 
I had an awesome night 
So you think you can dance 
Somebody tell me whhhyyy 
FML I have two tests tomorrow !!! 
I got some issues that nobody can see\ 
and all of these emotions are pouring out of me\ 
i'll bring them to the light for you \ 
it's only right\ 
this is , the soundtrack to my life , Soundtrack to my life 
Human Phys is retarded ! I hate that class theirs so much crap to study !!! Uuuhhh 
I'm happy :D really really , happy !!!!!!!!!!!! Today was a great day ! 
Damn modern cable/ oceanic the Internet , TV channels and home phone was down for like several pain staking hours !!! 
I'll catch you when you fall , I P•R•O•M•I•S•E . 
It's freezing 
Party Time . Time for me to mingle . lmao 
I had the most perfect dream in the entire world ! I can't wait to see what the future has to offer . 
You know what i hate , is when i get a notification saying that i have to unlock a secret message . Dam those things !!! 
Hotel+Pool+Room Service+2 Days = Heaven 
The stupid things we do when were bored . Lmao 
I'm so tired . I wanna go sleep !! Yay tomorrows Friday 
Awe . Baby's are so cute ! 
When life gives you pie , eat it ! Yum :) 
OMW I swear that wishing < PROPFEMALE > I wished on , granted everyones wish , except mine . :( 
I went to subway w/ my freakishly awesome friend and this is what he said Anonymous : I wanna oil your buns ??? Me : WTH's wrong w/ you ( I am literally deaf ) . Anonymous : I said I want oil on the buns Me : Ohhhh wow , okay . Subway girl : lmao 
Gosh I have 2 tests tomorrow . Stupid human phys and mr ripani , well let's not go their . 
I ate some really shitty food . The poi tasted like fish and opihi and it was watery . The chicken tasted like crap and the fish thing was mixed with cat food and tuna- grossssss 
Is so fricken tired and wishes he had a laptop !!! 
Well today was ... Awesome ! I'm really tired . 
I'm going camping . You know what I love the most is going downtown at 4 or 5 in the morning and see the beautiful Kahului city lights ... And I really wanna go < PROPFEMALE > gazing , up Haleakala 
I'm so tired . I had a great 3 days of camping , fishing and havin ' a blast . Uuhh I gotta wash . I hope I didn't have any Homework todo because that will suck . Boogawoogawooga 
I hate procrasinating , never again ( Stress ) 
Je ne sais quoi 
It's cold and rainy and wet and yaaahhh . 
What's on your mind- Nothin . Gosh I'm so bored . I want reccess pieces 
I swear everytime i resort to facebook is when i don't feel like doing homework . STOP ! PROCRASINATING ... I don't feel like getting offf .. aaaahhhh 
Every person has 1000 wishes ' . A cancer patient only has one wish ' , to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but , I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for-an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it 
Tonight was the bomb . I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow 
Had a wonderful day . 
Ewwwww egg nog . Who drinks that crap . No offense 
When I tell you \I love you\ " I mean it ! " 
Is really really really bored . 
Secrets . Shhhhhh 
Stoked eh brah . What . No mo skool tomorrow 
Your crazy but hell that's what I like about you . 
Going Kihei tomorrow , so excited !!! 
I need to work harder and push myself to the limit ! 
The beach was awesome 
It's time for change :) 
I'm going to bake for the first time , Pumpkin Pie ; for the family ( whom aren't here at the moment ) I really hope this pie turns out good :) -I'm so worried & it better taste good !!! 
Earthquake damn people write fast I was like I'm gonna write it on FB first and i saw all the post comments and I was like shit I aint the first . 
\Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!! I am thankful for my family and the moments I share with my family & friends . I am thankful to live in such a beautiful place called Maui ... \"" 
I only have one reason why I don't like thanksgiving , I eat to dam * much !! I gettin huge 
I am so happy !!! XD \ 
Happy Black Friday lmao 
I hate procrastinating !!! It just leads to more crap to-do on Sundays 
Cause baby I'm a firework !!! 
Did I not get the memo or something ? Why is everyones picture a cartoon from back in the days ? WT * 
I hope that my future long term wish comes true . 
I had the time of my life 
I am stuck like glue 
Today was a very busy day . Now I am chillin ' on my new couch in my room . Lmao 
Why do teachers cram tests , projects and crap on the last week of school . Are they trying to kill us @_@ 
Winter Break yayayayaayayayayayay it's almost here 
Nemo 
Today was Awesome . Dude ! What ? Winter Break Is Finally Here !!! Yizzerrrr 
I wanna go to the movies 
Hey you , yah , you . Did you know that their are Power Puff \Boys ? \ " -cause I didn't " 
There are no good shows on 
I want to watch Tron : Legacy so bad 8x 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everybody . And spread the Christmas joy like butter on top a white whole grain bread . 
Today was really fun !!! 
Okay , its like 1:37 in the morning and that my friend was a very loud bolt of thunder . It reminds me of the guy from the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > commercial who goes \booooooooooooooom -yah he making lots of those . Dam did you just here that . That was loud . I feel like the thunder will hit my house !!! " 
When you need me but do not want me than I shall stay , when you want me but no longer need me than I shall leave . I hate goodbyes 
Family Guy :D 
I want to do something fun , Today . I need my License . Stupid SDL 
It will be a bright future . 
Je peuane lec't ti se mentemesrës ne me ous ? 
I ain't the type of dude who would O.o 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Buwa 
Why do we have school tomorrow ? 
Hey guys pretty little bitches is on . 
Today was awesome :D 
Just came back from downtown , & I can't believe there's school tomorrow . I totally forgot . 
I say beauty is not only within but on the outside too . 
I can't believe it's Friday . I have so much homework 
My room looks really manly :) * Rainbows and pink Unicorns ... yah 
WTF is Redonkulous I went shopping with a guy today , < PROPFIRST > and he was wearing a shirt that said \I <3 him\ " haha just for me lmao and he's straight and we were shopping and mostly everyone at kaahumanu thought we were going out hahaha . Yizzer " 
Did 80% of my homework . 
Uhhhhhhh human phys . Is killing me . 
I Remember when twilight the vampire movie came out and it was storming the next day and people used to say \Edward guys are play baseball\ " I luv thunder " 
Dam I am so happy the power went out after I took a shower . When the power went off I unlocked the bathroom door and ran into the pitch dark house . Lmao 
I absolutely need a break 
Is school cancelled or what 
C'mon < PROPMALE > K call me and let me know that school has been cancelled . WTH taking them so long . I don't want too see all my horrible teachers today except for 7th period , cuz 7th period is awesome 
When bonds break between two people it takes a lot of < PROPFEMALE > and love to repair . If you tell someone you love them you better mean it . If you love someone so much you'll do whatever it takes to get them back . 
I feel like i forgot to-do something , and i don't what it is ? 
Dam when I write on someones status I say it in my head and well I think that I'm actually writing it on the post and I miss like 20 words that grammatically explain what I am trying to say estoy loco 
It's snowing & it better be snowing when I go up there 
Im so happy :D Yum 
What's on your mind ? 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . You guys made my birthday really special . I luv u all <3 and I will comment on every1 who left me a post . Thanks guys 
Yay :) I'm so happy I got a laptop for my Birthday WooHoo ... 
Dude ! there's a YouTube video of someone throwing a bottle at < PROPFIRST > Bieber on stage and it was hilarious . 
My mom thinks that I am \Jag\ " because I had about 4 teaspoons of wine . " 
Hmmm sometimes it sucks being different but hey i guess it's what make you who you are . 
I'm happy :) I am glad to have friends that help me push for my goals < PROPFEMALE > J . 
i don't want to gain something to lose something . Uhhh too difficult to explain 
Just remember that everything happens for a reason . Sometimes the things you want might not come true because in the end < PROPFEMALE > dosen't want you getting hurt again . The opportunities you do have are good and some are just crappy , and its those crappy moments you learn from so it dosen't happen again . 
Pokémon : Zoroark : Master of Illusions 
I want a baby :D when i grow up of course . Their so cute 
Like this status if your going to the < PROPMALE > Prom . Party :D 
I had a lot of fun at prom . Go Jrs . Nighty night 
Does anyone know how to block people from downloading your pictures ? Facebook is Stu *** 
Your F**kin ' Perfect To Me ! 
Happy Valentines Day Everyone o_0 
Is Trippin Balls 
It's nice to see other people happy because it makes you happy but sometimes deep down it hurts at the same time , because you also want to be happy , too . 
Dum Facebook you had to make me write everything all over again because you weren't responding , ehh . 
:D am , why you look at that it's 9:27 PM 
I laugh :D haha 
Talkin ' to Buwa , < PROPFEMALE > , How do I link someone ? 
Having too much notifications from Shouei Yamazato , < PROPFEMALE > Buwa , and Shanti-Rae Mahealani Felicilda 
Dude , I love the prom photos . They're so nice and I had a blast . Can't wait to see y'all to give you the photos \A Night To Remember \"" 
Haha it's time for me to go to school lmao and hey it's 5:45 am here 
Your my Firework and always will be . Forever in my heart 
<3 
My dream was so F***ed up . 
Power Ranger Samurai <3 
Dude if someone was given an assignment to look up some random person on Facebook and get all of their information including a picture and do some background information on them , without adding them , that's so f***ed up . Everyone should block their profile because , you could be a victim . 
Today was great but I think I bombed my amendment test . 
- tyre was here , love you kanaloa <3 
Oh ! Written in the Stars \ 
A million < PROPMALE > away A message to the main Ooohhhh\ 
seasons come and go but I will never change and I'm on my way !!! 
I slept all day and now i cannot sleep . 
The people i meet are priceless , and , they mean a lot to me !!! 
Spring Break needs to hurry because I am ready to partaayyy ! and I have 10 notecards to finish , uuuuhhhhhhhh -McB 
It's raining , i like it . 
Bass Down Low 
Ayottes test tomorrow , ahhhhh !!! 
if you love me , comment on this status . \ 
if you think im a good friend , like this status . \ 
if you hate me , message me and tell me why . \ 
if you have a crush on me , poke me . \ 
... if you are not scared post this as your status :P 
Spring Break !!! 
Bow Chicka Wow Wow 
OMG , I'm gonna be a senior . Dude I remember my first day of school , ( memory ) [ Kindegarden , Mrs. Kims class - I was crying like a baby because my mommy left me . ] lmao dude c/o 2012 . 
Sirens will alarm at 9:59 . I hope the people in Japan are safe . 
Sirens !!! 
I'm Hungry :D 
Went to the movies with @ < PROPFIRST > Beach and watched Beastly . It was a really good movie ! 
Some things that men really need to know about women is that there fragile , like glass , break them and they'll make sure that you get what you deserve . Some things that women really needs to know about men is that there like a stone you can't break them but there most likely to break if you talk to other guys . P.S women like sweet niggah talk , nah nah jk they think it's cute though lmao 
Like this status and i'll write something random . A sentence . Tomorrow because my batteries dying and im too lazy to get the cord 
Cause baby I was born this wayy . 
Everyone wants to find Mr. Right , or a hot Girl for the men but what we all don't realize is that the imperfection of someone disguises the real beauty they behold . What I'm trying to say is the one you love could be right in front of you the whole time . 
made butter Mochi XD 
I hate 1 word messages , LIKE this status if you agree ... 
I Love Hawai'i!!! 
OMG It's Saint Patricks Day , holy shit ahhhhh i hate leprachauns , what are they again ??? hahaha shit 
Who is procrasinating on Ms McBrides Essay , LIKE this !!! 
FACK !!! OML this is ridiculo , I'm goin insane 
When I wake up tomorrow will you still be here , oh baby please dont gooo !!!! Lets run away from these lights . 
Okay now it's time for revision 
Did anyone just see a purple flash outside or was that just me . Weird 
Life ... is good :D Keep my head up & I will always go far 
Don't try and change me . I'm normal . 
Had so much fun yesterday and today !! 
Omg I'm gonna be a senior . Noooooooo !!! Time went by too fast . 
If you feelin down and depressed about yourself always remember that GOD makes no MISTAKES :D 
COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU ! 1 . violent 2 . i'd marry you 3 . sweet 4 . hot 5 . talkative 6 . tall 7 . cute 8 . funny 9 . fun 10 . perfect 11 . iloveyou ! 12 . i miss you . 13 . retarded 14 . random 15 . your the best . 16 . i'd date you . 17 . gorgeous 18 . bestfriend . 19 . we need to < PROPFEMALE > out . 20 . you rock . 
OMG I cannot believe there is school tomorrow I hate having odd periods . GRRR ... I hope there isn't anything due tomorrow because I didn't do anything . 
I can't get the song FIREWORK by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > out of my head , it's just so darn good :D 
Saw 5 kids today at the library talking smack about a boy their age whose black and has dreadlocks . I felt bad for him but I than realize that he was far away from them , but it made me realize that one day maturity and reality will kick them in their ass bahahaha 
E.T. by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Music Video is really good . I like it , it may seem weird but it's really good :D 
Ponyo !!! 
CLEANED my entire room ! Omg I am so sore . I really want to sleep but stupid Homework Why ??? When is Mrs. Ayottes Test ? 
OMG that is so sad ;( I wish I was there for you when you needed someone to hold you close . OMW ... This is depressing 
