Ready or not here comes 2011 ! 

I want a hug :'( 
This is a tribute to < PROPFIRST > Gaines a friend of mine who died on Saturday . To those of you who go to OLLU , if you find out more on what caused his death , please tell me , I would like to know . I will miss the great times I had with you . You have had a < PROPMALE > positive impact on me . Thank you so much for being apart of my life . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Gaines 
Tomorrow I am going to do something that I think I should have done three years ago ... 
Thanks you all for the gifts in Casle Age , you are too kind 
Thank you , all of you again , for the gifts on Castle Age 
I am going to New Orleans this Spring Break 
Please become a fan of the Historical Society of Our Lady of the Lake University and help support this recent history club 
I am having some issues right now and I need some alone time to get my act together 
I'm doing better now , everything is back to usual 
WARNING ...... HEY EVERYONE , LET EVERYONE KNOW ....... DO NOT OPEN AN EMAIL SAYING ' PASSWORD CONFIRMATION ' FROM FACEBOOK MANAGEMENT . FRIEND HAS JUST TOLD ME THAT SOMEONE THEY KNEW OPENED IT AND HAS GOT OVER 100 VIRUS'S ON THERE COMPUTER , ....... PASS THIS ON QUICKLY 
Might not go to Miizuumi Con because I might be board out of my mind if everyone else is busy 
had fun at the Mizuumi-Con 
Dear Friends : Thank you for the birthday wishes . Without you'll it would have been just another day . I enjoyed it so much and I will not forget it . Goodnight , or if you are reading this in the day , good day . 
Is it just me ? Or do people usually go through a flashback phase ? Because lately I have been having lots of flashbacks 
is tired of conspiracy theorists . Crop circles were proven to be made by people with nothing better to do , if 911 was a government attempt to take over people’s lives , then why haven’t they done it when Bush was in office ? If Obama is the Antichrist ( which being an agnostic , I can't really say I believe in it ) , then why hasn’t he accomplished anything yet with a low popularity ? 
Anyone know what to do if you have parents who are really picky on what you do with yourself and yet you know you should make decisions like what job you are going to get on your own ? 
Until March 20 , I will be in New Orleans doing a service project . On March 15-19 , please do not call/text unless if its really important on the times of 6am-7pm . Have a fun week ! 
By the way , I have a built-in wireless internet card in my laptop . Recently , it has not been working in my dorm as well as my house , does anyone have an answer to what happened to it ? 
is thinking about careers and has narrowed it down to three possible choices that he believes he sees himself doing : a ) legal assistant b ) soical counselor or c ) teacher , the question is which one to choose ? What do you all see him doing ? 
Don’t you just hate it when there is so much uncertainty in your life that it drives you crazy ? 
I just went to a meeting in regards to the Westbro Baptist Church ( WBC ) protest this Saturday . If you don't already know , they seem really aggressive of what they would yell at anyone they see on campus . Just ignore them , if you respond then you gave them what they want . 
They are mostly lawyers so they know the legal loopholes . There will be only one counterprotest ( Try contacting < PROPFIRST > McGraw for more info ) that is allowed , all others will be removed by campus police . I know I have problems controling my passions at times , but I think someone has to say this 
All three of my classes were canceled today ! What are the odds of that happening ? 
The WBC were defeated when they had to go to the bathroom ! 
I keep staring at < PROPFIRST > Gaines's Facebook < PROPFEMALE > , wishing I had joined the group a day earlier so I could tell him how much I miss him ! Oh the torture ! 
' s Easter will be the following : 1 ) Writing my 3rd book 2 ) catching up on schoolwork 3 ) sleep 4 ) watching the Lord of the Rings Trilogy , Extended Editions . Have a fun vacation ! 
Oh the Lord of the Rings ! A love story between Frodo and < PROPFIRST > , and full of some of the most EPIC battles I have seen on screen ! 
has things figured out after graduation . I am going to live alone in an aprtment and get a low paying job until the economy gets better . 
‘s next semester is full of uncertainty . Most of my friends from the school are graduating and I have already have had more than my fair share of drama . 
My cell phone account has expired and I cannot call nor receive any . May I barrow someone’s cell so I can call home ? 
has renewed the cell phone account . It is still the same number 
< PROPFEMALE > R . Miller : who is this person ? She's not listed as going to our school 
I HATE IT WITH A PASSION when people play relationship games with me , use me like a tool to get a girlfriend , or bug the hell out of me to get a girlfriend . Here's some perspective , I have been single since the moment I was born and I'm 22 
TRUE STORY NO JOKE : I was involved in an online political discussion over who should replace the retired Justice < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Stevens when someone suggested Jesus should be nominated and gave a convincing argument that Jesus does not have a political agenda , is neither a politician nor lawyer , and he also might be blocked because he might be considered a radical community organizer . 
Its offical , I will live in Providence next semester ! 
Now that < PROPFEMALE > Palin is leader of a tea party ( The Tea Party ) should her title be the Mad Hatter ? 
Someone murder me ! 
needs some alone time . I am having issues once again . 
If I had learned anything from the lastest drama episode it is uncontroled emotions leads only to destruction and never underestimate the power of words 
Taking Dr. Larson and Sr. Nagy at the same time is a bad combination 
MY PRECIOUSSSSS 
is still figuring out my position on the Arizona immagration reform . It is a diffcult decision to make considering 70% of people in Arizona support it while it does seem to give too much power to the police . I will have a more clear position once the law comes into effect . 
A REQUEST FOR THE FUTURE : I am tired of drama . If anyone has a disagreement with me or wants something from me please handle it in a constructive manner instead of making my life miserable . All I want is peace for once , is that too much to ask for ? 
Just because I may seem like I don’t care , usually it is not the case . The reason usually is I would be under a lot of stress that I would be unable to express myself . 
Why are people at OLLU so secretive towards me ? \ 
Why do a lot of people here talk about me but don’t talk to me ? Most \ 
of the time the reason for much of my unpleasant drama is because of\ 
lack of communication . 
As of tomorrow at 12:00 pm I leave , goodbye OLLU 
What good am I ? 
** ATTENTION**As of today , there is a \ 
NEWPRIVACY setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data \ 
Seriously Facebook , if you want to trick me again\ 
in accepting advertisments as friends you are going to have to do \ 
better than sending me one whose picture looks like Xena < PROPFEMALE > Worrior 
Sometimes it is the unspoken words that carries the most weight 
What is worst than having your voice taken away , figurativly speaking ? 
I have just planned out the epic angel vs . demon battle in\ 
the fantasy book I am writing 
last night went through a power outage , now I understand why couples tend to make out during power outages , I was bored out of my mind . 
Time can heal any kind of wound 
I hate it so much when people assault my identity 
has got an email about registering for the Alamo Heights Alumni Community . I do not know what it is , is it worth it ? 
just had a dream last night that I was aging faster than normal and I wasn't liking it one bit 
Has anyone else lost their Facebook chat ? because I have 
Can anyone else connect to their OLLUSA email account ? For some reason I get the error message when I try connect 
For some reason I get the feeling Sigma Theta Epsilon is trying to recruit me 
Has anyone else been able to bring up LakeOnline ? Every time I logged on I get an error message 
JUST 2 MORE WEEKS JUST 2 MORE WEEKS !!! 
My iPod officially hates me 
It will be a tough week , but I will see it to the end 
had an awesome time playing Dungeons an Dragons ! 
has been spending most of my teenage and young adult life waging war with the past ! Enough is enough its time to put an end to it ! 
may need to dress up for Halloween if I'm to any Halloween socials this year . Problem is I haven't really been thinking about it and if anyone has ideas on what I should be I would like to hear it 
Would someone please explain what , \I like it on __________________\ " is about ? " 
I am returning to isolation during the break . I am having some personal problems and it is my way of dealing with things . I do not intend to shut people out of my life permenantly 
Whats the point in continuing ?! I no longer have any dreams , why should I move on ?! 
if I ever have kids , I would defiantly tell them not to loose sight of their dreams , because there might be times in which that is all you have 
Is it possible to take Spanish II in the fall ? I need it and another class , problem is they are both offered at the same days and times next semester 
Can't wait to write the next three chapters in my book : XI : Demon Unleashed , XII : Old Friends , Old Enemies , and XIII : The Angel and the Demon Clash 
I wish I haven't been out of touch with the people here this semester . It has been really busy :( 
Happy Daylight Saving Time Day ! 
Seeing the Main Building done makes me nostalgic 
Like my status and I will like you ! 
I want to see the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie , but I have no plans :( 
What's worse than facing a conflict is waiting to face a conflict 
This vacation I'm planning to see the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie , is it any good ? ( please no spoilers ) 
This Thanksgiving I would like to thank all me friends , especially < PROPFEMALE > Martinez , < PROPFEMALE > Avellar , < PROPFEMALE > Itzel Moreno , < PROPMALE > Escobedo , < PROPMALE > Bates , and Karlinsky Kippler because I can believe in humanity once again thanks to them :) 
Just saw < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows , the only thing I did not like about is that it ended :( 
Sometimes I wish I could spread my wings and just fly away ... 
Join the campaign against child abuse and change your Facebook profile pic into a cartoon you enjoyed when you were a kid . Why ? Because the goal is flood Facebook with childhood memories until Monday December 6 . 
If there is a god out there , I am asking him or her to give me a sign that will encourage me to continue 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays Facebook ! 
< PROPMALE > Loughner is a terrorist , he deserves no sympathy 
\The purpose of < PROPMALE > is to comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable . \ " -Anonymous " 
Once I graduate here are the cities I want to move to :\ 
< PROPFIRST > , Texas\ 
San Fransisco , California \ 
Salt Lake City , Utah \ 
Tampa , Flordia\ 
Greensbro , North < PROPFEMALE > 
:( 
Would a person be considered weak if they have issues with loneliness ? 
I'm probably going to regret this , but I'm seriously considering setting up an online dating account . Anyone have suggestions ? 
Just turned in my application for Dillo Awakening . The end is near ! 
My computer is making these squeaky noises from the inside . It makes me nervous :/ 
Enjoyed the snow :) 
My birthday is about a month away . I would like to do is go to a dance club on Friday March 4th , a day before my real birthday . Just for a rough estimate on how many guests could attend , click \like\ " if you would at least consider attending . I am open for any input . Thank you . " 
What would be the new company name if FedEx and UPs merged ? FedUp 
I'm never going to make a contribution to this world , I don't see the point on continuing !!! 
X-Men ! Thor ! Captain < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPMALE > Potter part 2 ! Man this summer is going to be great for movies ! 
I really don't understand why science and religion always clash . Science does a really good job in explaining how the universe works , but does not explain why it works . Religion on the other hand seeks to explain why the universe functions the way it does , but it is at times not clear on how it functions the way it does . Why not combine the two ? 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! It made my day :) 
I hate my life ! I'm nothing but a complete failure ! 
It is hard to imagine from the revolutions in Egypt and Tunisia , to the conflict in Libya , all started when a Tunisian vegetable seller was manhandled by a local police officer . I am convinced now that the individual does have potential to do great and terrible things and the slightest action could have far-reaching consequences ! 
I have a 20-page research paper , but I have writers block :/ 
I know this sounds childish but someday I hope to be some kind of hero ! 
I will try and turn my life around after I graduate . I regret all the misery I've inflicted . That is something I will try and change after I graduate . For the meantime I will remain my self-imposed hermitage . 
I got hugged by a stranger at Mizuumi con . It made my day :) 
Highlight of the day : almost started doing a disco dance in Spanish class ! 
So Kansas City , Kansas has renamed itself to Google this year . I'm worried I might see a Facebook , Texas or Yahoo , New York , or Twitter , California someday . 
I'm really worried about my future and what I want to accomplish at Dillo Awakening is at least a direction on where to go . 
Just registered for new classes . This time I have more online classes than classroom classes . It means I will spend more time at the computer than walking outside , which also means I will run into people less often :( 
Happy Fiesta everyone ! 
You know what , forget the previous posts . I do want other people in my life and maybe someday I will take up dating . But now's not the time for that . Ever since last weekend I been having all these emotional swings . Hopefully I will start thinking clearly soon :/ 
Once I have secured my future , I swear I will dedicate my life to others once again . I want to leave a positive impact in this world before I die . 
Is it a bad thing if a person is sensitive ? 
Thank you Dillo Awakening family ! I am now getting along better with my biological family ! This has now been a problem for years and we can now talk about our problems without vilifying each other . I realized what I had to say when I was there and it worked ! You guys are great and thank you , all of you ! :) 
Happy Easter everyone ! * wave * :) 
I have found X amount of dollars at the entrance to Prov . If you can name the amount and the numerical value of the dollar bills , it is yours . Otherwise tomorrow , I will turn them into the lost and found . 
I must have been asleep all these years , because I am now beginning to find < PROPFEMALE > ladies very attractive all of a sudden ! 
I enjoy , in the words of < PROPFEMALE > Martinez , making my mind go boom ! 
Dreaming of my first date . It may not happen until a very long time , but I am dreaming about it ... 
It is May Day ! 
I'm not holding my breath on bin Laden's death , I will wait until President Obama's statement . 
I feel very mixed over bin Laden's death . He is no hero to me , especially after 9/11 . But I have also had very minimal support for the U.S. war in Afghanistan . I am more concerned how this will translate in the future over the relations between the U.S. and Muslims , which has been really tense , and how long we will continue the war . 
Can't wait for summer to start , I can finally work on my book again and I last left off at the part when I was beginning that epic angel vs . demon battle . 
My family and I celebrated mother's day by having a meal with her at one of her favorite restaurants . It is not much but it is at least something . Happy Mother's Day ! 
I'm hoping to get an apartment after I graduate . But I'm still debating on rather if I should have a roommate or not . 
Here comes the train , dodododod , it's here again ! 
