Aghhh , went to take a shower and my hot water won't come on ... gotta be at work in 30 < PROPFEMALE > :( 

Hey now I can find everbody all over again , woohoo , lol . 
why is it that I stay out all night drinking when I know I have to get up @ 6 every morning ?? :( bet I'll never make this mistake again , lol . 
fun fun , making candles , I want pink dye ............. and fresh cut grass scents .......... 
oh no ! i think it's going to storm and this ruins my Quizno's plan :( 
haha , don't have to go to work tomorrow ! that means I get to get belligerent tonight :-) 
wants a hamburger .... 
gonna take a nap , then maybe go swimming .... 
My truck is broken , again ............. 
ready to get off work ..... also ready for dinner , hmmm , looks like McDonald's again . 
ready to take a nap ..... 
feels like today is going to be one of those days where everything goes wrong . 
Thank God for Tuesdays , just knowing I don't have to g to work on Wednesday makes the whole day seem instantly better :) 
is working oh so verra verra hard ! 
tryin hard to play beer pong tonight ...... someone needs to offer up a table . 
spent an hour and ahalf driving around in circles , in this rain with stupid Mmephis drivers }: -( 
hmmm , well I'm off to read trashy romance novels ..... 
feels overly proud of the fact that I made it into work on time after last night ..... yay me ? 
finally got a nap and some food , woo hoo , I'm very thankful , sadly though I'm mostly thankful for McDonald's . 
wants to go camping on the river . Ready for vacation , camping , and 8 hour trips downriver ..... 
gonna have dinner at Fresh Slices tonight , never eaten there before , hopefully it'll be delicious . 
hates working on Monday mornings , but hopefully my truck will be fixed today !!!! 
just found out my truck is still a p.o.s. and still not running , no clue as to a finishing date now , and even worse - nobody knows whats actually wrong with it :( 
half price bowling tonight at Hardwick's , oooo fun fun , you know yall all want to go ! 
is ridiculously bored ...... Aghhh only 4 1/2 hours to go til I get off , 9 o clock here we go !! 
hahaha , day is getting better , if only I'd come upon like $ 5,000 it would make today a great day , lol . 
needs to get a new I.D. really bad , it's kinda pathetic , I couldn't even get my damn crawfish bisgue at Blue Monkey cause that bitch is 21 and up . I'm 23 :-( 
woo hoo ! finally got a new I.D. !!!! 
ready to get off work ......... wants a foot rub ... 
while in theory salt and vinegar chips would go great together reality is slightly different ... I feel like I might be dying on the inside ... 
Delicious Bacon !!! God I love bacon for breakfast ! 
is going to be leaving for Murfreesboro later on today ! 
is back from Murfreesboro !!! 
gonna go to < PROPMALE>'s later ..... 
listening to music from back in the day , Got A Man - < PROPFEMALE > - one of the greatest songs ever 
yay !! woke up minus a hangover ! thank god , especially considering I'm back to work today , I think I slept like 15-20 hours yesterday , ughh , one of those never drinking again type days , minus the never drinking again .... 
ughh , I went jogging the other day for the first time in ages , didn't stretch at all beforehand , of course , and now everything hurts and feels tight :-( all I want now is to soak in a hot bath for hours . 
arghh pandora isn't wanting to run right .... 
hmmm , how much bacon is to much to start your morning off with ? evidently around 6 pieces and some yogurt leaves you feelin a little funny :( 
ready for 9 ..... get to go home , play with my puppy , and be all around ridiculously lazy :) 
gotta love it when you can actually LOSE money driving an hour's distance total to walk one fucking dog for work . 
Yay ! I feel so good today , and it's soooo nice outside , now if only I didn't have to work all day ... :( 
woohoo , fried chicken , bar-b-q chicken , black eyed peas , great northern beans and a hawaiian roll for lunch ! It's gonna be delicious :-P 
evidently on fridays I'm a magician and can make money magically disappear :-( 
ready to get off work and take a nap ! 
A lost world populated by fanged frogs , grunting fish and < PROPFEMALE > bear-like creatures has been discovered in a remote volcanic crater on the Pacific island of Papua New Guinea . 
got flowers at work today ! ? 
dropped my phone in a toilet :-( 
Ughh , hate getting up so early e-v-e-r-y-d-a-y . 
wants to get off work early and have it rain really hard , frisbee in the rain ? 
is sick :-( 
thank effing god ! I think I'm finally getting my truck back tomorrow night !!!!!!!! 
WOOHOO Midtown Chik-Fil-A = OPEN !!!! 
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds 
is SooOoooOoo ready to get off work ... 
Knock , knock Who's there ? You ever hear the joke about the broken pencil ? You ever hear the joke about the broken pencil who ? Nevermind , it's pointless . 
had Lox today for the first time , delicious ! 
thank god for small pleasures that make the day somewhat more bearable , or rather make some people slightly more bearable .. 
wants sushi for lunch ........ but I forgot my money , so I'll have cookies instead :-( 
so glad to be back in Memphis , 
so .... Tops is delicious ... evidently the one on Union by the medical district failed their health test ... that's the main one I eat at :( 
got my truck back !!! yay , sick but feel almost obligated to go out since I can again ..... and it's a friday , shiiiiit }: -) 
Happy Birthday to ME !!! 
Abbi is so great !!! 
I like how under recommended pages it's - Sleeping , Many who like Drinking like this .. 
sooo evidently - City Pledges to Install 55 < PROPMALE > of Bike Facilities Over Next Two years -according to the Flyer 
is so excited ... it's mildly ridiculous . Not even sure why , well maybe I have a < PROPFEMALE > inkling :) 
crazy how some songs are always great and amazing even though it's been 10+ years 
birthday cake is always delicious .. 
Always fun to be peacefully sleeping only to wake to blood curdling terror :( 
want a hamburger , but I want it exactly how I like it ... I don't know how to make it the way I want though :( 
WOOHOO !! So , my broke down the other day :( got it back from the shop today :) runs better than it ever has since I bought it ! SO HAPPY !! 
So hot , even air conditioning doesn't seem to really help . 
so ready for a vacation ... new place , new people .. just need new money :( ehh .. soon soon . 
So great out , of course I'm workin all day , so hopin it stays like this for tomorrow when I have the day off ! 
OMG ! It really is International Bacon Day ! Kinda magical :) glad bacon gets the respect it deserves . 
In Little Rock , AR , an antiquated law is still on the books warning that engaging in playful banter may result in a 30-day jail term . In New York City , another outdated law mandates that men may be fined $25 for gazing lasciviously at a female ; a second conviction stipulates the offender wear a pair of blinders whenever he goes out for a walk . 
need a bike , rode down to Wolf River earlier on a borrowed bike , soooo uncomfortable and the back tire didn't wanna go , pretty awful . anyways , hopefully I'm going to get a new bike tomorrow ! :) 
Eatin pizza .. all I want is some milk . All I don't have is some milk :( 
Ughh .. haven't had my ears stretched out in forever , when will that nasty smell go away ? I mean it's only when I blatantly rub my ears that I can smell it , but still . They're back to a normal size .. maybe I just never noticed the smell before I stretched them .. I dunno , but I don't like it . 
all my favorite songs today have been La Bouche . I don't think you could listen to them and not smile :) 
about to be gettin all kinds of stuff from thinkgeek , can't wait for Monday !! 
I'm gonna make chocolate covered bacon !!! 
Goin to the germantown commissary , never had their BBQ before but heard it's supposed to be delicious ! 
Only 30 minutes left , so ready for Nyquil and my bed , thank god I've got all day off tomorrow , so sick :( 
they want me for jury duty .. sad that I'm slightly excited . 
woohoo !!! I just got a taser }: ) 
memphis po'boys from soul fish are ridiculously delicious . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas :) 
Pretty legit .... 
so lazy , need to get up and go to the gym . 
so if I was gonna buy a AC window unit , gotta be a 110 , where's the best place ? 
I used to get up so early every day before I had a job , now on a day off I get up at noon :( does make it acceptable to drink right off the bat though .. small perk . 
