remade my face book due to insane ammounts of hatemail on the other so 

Damn , hard as hell to find things to do nowadays . 
hahaha .... very funny who ever caught my account while it was still logged in .... changing it to say i was interested in men ...... very funny ..... Well if your goal was to prevent me from forgetting to log out you accomplished it . 
dear god , i HATE being sick .... 
my brain is fried . Im done thinking of solutions for every ones problems . Cant even solve mine . Why come to me of all people ? 
Just fuck it . I figure being nice hasnt gotten me anywhere but if i fuck everyone over i might get somewhere . 
just sort of down . Kinda sad , but not sure why . * sigh * i hate my mind . My thoughts are my worst enemy . They tear me down more than any kryptonite . 
i dont know whats wrong . I just feel like im gonna break down . I feel nervous and like im gonna cry . 
Kinda down at the moment . Dont ask about it . Just posting this to let you know why i might jump down your throat . 
Im thru . Im just done with everything . i cant take this shit . 
slipped fell and tore my face up .... My luck strikes again ...... * sigh * 
House got broke into . Got thrown into the window fighting with the guy ..... Sigh ..... My luck right ? 
always just a little too late . The story of my life ... 
i think i lost it . 
intoxication . Simply beautiful . The only thing thats helping . I wish i was somewhere with that person tho . 
And on top of Everything else .... A damn kidney stone . FML . 
I still dont know what to do , I would do anything just for another < PROPMALE > . 
1 More try . Thats all i have left in me . I just dont have the steam to continue . 
Sorry if you get multiple posts , messages , or the same comment repeatedly . My Facebook is being weird as hell right now . 
Somethings come back around 1 time . Take that 2nd < PROPMALE > . Could be your lucky break . If it comes around a 3rd time You better leap and < PROPFEMALE > it because that never happens . 
Hmm . Slightly Confused . Nothing unusual . Rather happy at this moment tho , very unusual . Lol . Man I love it . 
Looks like you left every memory behind , In the room where we made so many . Just got rid of it all . * sigh * 
cant win . Impede on someone else's happiness , and i feel bad . Stay silent and i lose . Speak and it wont matter , whats the point in any of it . 
I lost something along the way . Not quite sure what it is just yet , but something is missing . Maybe its a piece of my mind , maybe its something else . Either way im missing something , and i miss it significantly . 
intoxicated . It helps . Preventing the depression , the frustration , and the aggravation . * sigh * kinda sad in a way . 
old habits die hard . Some resurface tho . Hmmm .... 
having the time to think is the worst . Thoughts of mine are the worst torture . I wish i could forget . I wish i could just move on . I cant tho . I miss things far to much . And what hurts the most is knowing its all my fault . 
one you just called fat ? She's been starving herself & lost over 30lbs . The one you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability , studies over 4 hours a night . The one you called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on , hoping people will like her . The one you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Repost if you're against bullying 
Things just seem to keep twisting and turning into a complex puzzel my disfigured mind cant seem to solve . 
Wow .... That kinda hurts ..... 
Falling on your face is tough . But you learn not to take that path again , and sometimes end up with a pretty scar . Life is tough . Youll learn to deal . 
I dont want to settle . I want what and who i want . Just i suck at reaching that . God i wish i could just say what i felt and wanted . 
drama , drama , drama ....... So fun . 
Things pass with time . Everything will fade out and just become a distant memory as long as you allow it too . Consider everything that happened in that memory . And realize how much of it was negative . Then just forget . 
Grrrr .... Facebook and PvP . Net Are both being gay -.- 
Anger begins with Folly , But ends with regret ... 
Sadly Cro Cop gets KOed again .... Depressing in a way .... 
SHIT ! Rua lost , Which mean i will have to endure people talking MORE about jones than before . Son of a bitch . This is gonna get old FAST considering i was a little tired of it already/ 
The Cycle of life and death continues .... Some will live , Some will die .... 
6100 dollars in debt . Holy shit . Im boned atm . I hate hospitals . 
tounge tied . Can barely think of the words to say . I wish i could just say it , but my body seizes when i try too . Amazing . That sums it up . But im to nervous to even say it . 
Holy shit , idk whats wrong with me . ear infection , something . Ugh . 
Despite feeling sick as hell I am still determined to continue with my exercises . And all the Other shit i have . Im still going to progress damn it . JOb oppurtunities are looking good tho . 
I wish I could say what I want with out having it in a very enigmatic state . Bleh . I wish I could just be straight forward . 
I want you to know that i care about you . That I really do just want to see you smile . To be the one that makes you laugh . The one that makes you feel safe , and the one you turn too when things start to crumble . Hopefully you know who you are . 
im doubting tomorrow will be fun in the slightest . Ugh . Oh well . Lets do this shit !! 
My motivation is slowly going out the window for alot of things . I need some sort of muse . A drive to give me a reason to keep going . Ugh . I hate how my mind works . 
These thoughts hit me like a brick . And then pull me under . They just constantly flow , like water in a Siv , Ugh . I think I need a hand to pull me back out . 
Just so frustrating not know if feeling like this is even gonna matter . Cant even make a sound for how i feel right now . 
Intelligence . Humor . Creativity . Deep thought process . And Eyes that I like . Apparently anyone who meets these things are either A . Not interested . Or B . Out of my league . Sometimes both . Man its great . 
They pop up every now and then . To tease me maybe ? Either way i know they take me back where i have already been , Which is horrible , because i feel like im losing them again . 
Day one in my Attempt to quit smoking . Here we go .... 
and sleep wont grace me . 
Jesus . I can relate to Pee Wee < PROPMALE > in Pee Wee on broadway ... I hate myself . 
Confusion .... Idk if im right or wrong . Damn it ! I HATE THIS ! 
Start work tomorrow .... \ 
Fun fun fun . 
Somehow I left myself get tangled up in this . My head . My heart . Ugh . They wont agree . My heart has been taking over more and more and leaving my head wondering what will happen 
and here i am , scarred and worn , battered and torn , asking if , you think im good enough , if im true enough , because i know your worth enough , know that i care enough . 
Im sick of people . Constant comparrisons . fucking getting old . Im done . Im leaving . Im not staying there anymore . 
Insomnia strikes again . Been laying there trying to sleep for the past 2 hours now . I hate that shit . 
This is the end , My last farewell , \ 
I hope you enjoy , Whats left of your life , \ 
My tattered angel , You took what was left , \ 
Ran away , I am done , Time for my life To take a new turn\ 
So I wish you well , Enjoy Your self made hell . 
You came back to knock me down a few notches it would appear . Isnt that great . Anything else ya got for me while your at it ? 
Chili Cheese coney , Vanilla Coke , and Machine Shop . Awesome day 
Hmmm ... What to do , what to do .... 
And i thought i lost you , But Turns out you were never really ever there all . 
Today was interesting . Rather good . Interesting conversations , and New things approaching . Lets see how tomorrow is . 
If i knew how , \ 
I wouldnt stop to think , \ 
Id just turn time back , \ 
Because believe or not , \ 
You had taken my heart , \ 
From the very start , \ 
But i wasnt even told 
I think I told you once or twice that I was losing my mind , but you never seemed to listen . 
This is just one of those nights where my head and my heart are actually communicating with one another as opposed to constantly arguing . They came to the same conclusion , And its rather saddening , I wish that things had gone right when I had that < PROPMALE > . But now with it potentially being to late , what do I do from here ? 
Things are going well . Everything seems to be looking up . Yet . Im not happy . Something is missing . Im not sure what it is , but I wish I did . Then maybe these other good things would put a smile on my face . 
Welp . Passed the written test . gotta get my permit , then next month , License time 
Ladies and gentleman , I am gone . Great to see how some of you really are and if you cared . 
Mr. < PROPFIRST > Cuervo your my best friend for tonight . I talk to you , and it brings back memories , and i just reveal more and more to you . Isnt it amazing how i feel what i feel , and think what i think ? 
I finally realize what i feel . And it might be too late . go figure . Mr. Cuervo . Thanks . Lmao 
Man .... This weekend ..... So awkward ..... I dont even know where to start honestly ..... 
Just fed up . People are just a pointless project . 
Dreams i havnt had in a long time ... So weird they come back now ... 
Great to see how most of the people i know are completely full of shit . Absolutely love it . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qqa0dVy1j1o 
Boredom , An over active mind , and a large disdain for people isnt a good thing . 
Alright people . If your on here , and dont plan on talking to me . Remove me . Seriously . Its pointless to keep me if you dont even like me . 
The things left on the shelves of our minds are the only things that we will constantly have . People , Places , pets , and objects all die and vanish . < PROPFEMALE > the memories , and dont let your mind die . 
Man this aint my day tonight .... 
So outta shape . * face palm * 
ething else ... 
I dont think i ever told you , But you mean alot to me . Just try to smile . And dont let anything ever bring you down . You're too good for that . 
Thats great ... did this Psych test that is supposed to use the 1st three words your mind spots in this word search to help figure you out ... 1st three for me ..... Suicidal , Worthless , and Useless . Amazing my mind picks out those 3 above all others . 
New set of boots ... About 6'3-6'4 in em ... Muhahahahha 
Every now and then i feel like things are gonna be okay , and maybe work out . But then reality sits in and i realize im being a bit to postive , and bring myself back to earth . 
I cant seem to get you off my mind , And thats a problem . Getting my ass handed to me because of it is rediculous lmao . 
Kids with\ 
special needs aren't weird or odd . \ 
They only want what everyone wants ... \ 
to be accepted . Can I make a request ? \ 
Is anyone willing to post this and\ 
... leave it on your status for at least 1\ 
hour ? It is Special Education week &\ 
Autism Awareness Month , and this is\ 
in honor of all children made in a\ 
unique way . You never understand a\ 
situation until your in it 
And you never seem to notice . 
Anyone got something they wanna ask me ? I will be 100% honest , and wont care tonight 
This day just keeps getting better and better ......... 
Well i swung and missed like i always do , constiently batting a Zero , but i know if i connect even once it will be a home run , and that thought is the only thing that keeps me trying . 
Honesty . reliability . Intelligence . Sense of humor . Thought process . Creativity . And pretty eyes . Apparently im not allowed that hah . 
\Yeah just i feel like she'd be settling with me ... \ " \ 
The drive is fading , Finding it really hard to keep chasing stars when im stuck here in the dark constantly looking at them when im Milions of < PROPMALE > away . 
Too damn easy .... 
For me motivation is complicated ... Too easy and i lose all intrest , So i seek challenges , However It must be accomplishable . Finding that line of accomplishable impossibilities is almost an impossible task in and of itself . 
Holy shit . Never had a panic before , but that set one off . Wow of all the things too .... 
Slowly losing me along the way , Sad thing is You'll look back on day , Thinking on what you missed , Just like i do now , But its gonna be to late , You'll miss me when im gone . 
Carribean Jerk wings , Basket of fries , Limitless , and Sparring . Today was alright . 
All of us have thousands of wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour 
Holy shit ! Im feeling optomistic ! WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME !!!!!!!! 
If i were bold and direct , And just told you the truth , What would you say ? Would you laugh in my face ? Or would things go my way .... Hmmm .... 
DO YOU LOVE IT ???? CAUSE I F***ING LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Tonight . Rather enjoyable , altho there have been a few unforseen complications . Still good for the most part . 
Today was rather fun , Hanging out , decent food , and good company . 
Find more stuff everytime i come here . Great to know you left behind more than i thought .... 
< PROPMALE > Name : Hammer Head . Why ? Because im gonna bash my fucking skull in if my thoughts keep going rampant . 
Circling around in my head , these thought kill me . Its not because they are bad news in and of themselves , but its more of a linger thought that they wont happen . They leave me filled with doubt , and given my dysfunctional personality and thought process they get me more and more . Postive note ? They cant kill me . Im fucking invincible . 
Must you always be so hard on me ? Lighten up a little and see what happens , Maybe if it worked like that these things would vanish , and i wouldnt always forcing myself to be alone . But as usual they dont fade . 
Tattered souls , Broken bones , we all need repair , but no one is ever there , The silence kills , they hear our crys , but no one is ever listening , So why try , Dont let it out , Hold in the pain , Slowly bleeding out . 
\Well he seems to be having some problems with the girls in his class .... Maybe we should give him some riddilin\ " \ 
God , I cant wait for something to do ..... 
So i think im done . I just dont feel compelled to do it anymore . Why help ? Leaves scars on me , leaves others fine , but then they just fuck me in the end . Heh . Such pointless shit . 
< PROPFIRST > Blake\ 
LET'S SEE WHO TRULY READS MY STATUS : You and I wake up in a PSYCHIATRIC < PROPMALE > together . USING FOUR WORDS ..... What would you say to me ? NOTE : IF you comment , YOU MUST COPY and PASTE this to YOUR STATUS ..... So I may comment on yours as well . Be a good egg and play along . ( 4 words is harder than you think ) 
Completely bored . People . Talk . Entertain me . GAH ! 
Hmmm . Something just suddenly clicked . Im not sure why . But it makes sense .... Change is coming . 
Dont really give a shit about the Bin Laden thing . People messaged me all excited , But here's the thing .... Has anyone asking me really been affected by HIM specifically ? Alot of other things i consider more important to me than his death . 
If your stuck on my mind , and i cant get you off it , Is there any point in wanting to see you right in front of me ? 
Right ? Right ?! RIGHT !?!?!?! RIGHT ?!???!?!?!!! BRING IT !!! 
Maxed out Tinker AFB's gym's leg press machine . 480lbs * flex * Frickin Beast . 
Maybe I'm crazy , Outta my mind . Maybe I'm lonely , Looking for a good time . Maybe I'm strange , A little deranged . Maybe I'm crazy ... 
I hate garage sales ..... Why do i have to be up this damn early ! 
IM DONE ! SCREW THAT SHED IM F***ING DONE ! 
Happy mother's day people . 
Wow . People are so over dramatic , and take shit far to seriously . Over dramatic people . 
High schools that SUCK .... < PROPMALE > City HS , Moore HS , Springdale HS , Southmoore HS , Westmoore HS , Willowview Correctional Facility Selected School Program , and US < PROPMALE > . 
Oh . Attention people . If you wanna accuse me of something . Do it to my face . Be Blunt . You think im a Thief ? Confront me . Im a reasonable person . Im not gonna snap . But i can guarentee you . You're wrong with your accusations . 
HELL YES !!! First Pentakill in LoL Renekton FTW !!!!!! 
Well , Im getting drunk ... Even tho I'd much rather be somewhere with you ... But I'll just sit here thinking ..... 
You dont love a woman because she is beautiful , but she is beautiful because you love her . - < PROPFIRST > Eran 
COPY IF YOUR'RE BRAVE .. for the next 24 hours I can't lie , inbox me anything & I'll reply ... 
* sigh * Depressing . The Goo Goo Dolls will be preforming in oklahoma , Just found out . No way in HELL am I going to be able to make it hah . 
Holy crap . Last night ..... Just wow .... 
Hahaha .... Wow . People crack me up .... So much bullshit floating around .... 
When i think about you , i think you can go F**K yourself .... 
I feel really old .... Asking for Tools for X-mas , getting excited over new socks , and The highlight of my week is getting a new razor ..... wow .... 
Well , Just got a job , gonna start monday . Concrete labor here i come ! 
Your lies have gotten old . To think I was willing to do anything for you . Now ? Heh , You cross my mind , and all I can think is for you to just go to hell . 
And people wonder why i smoke so much .... 
Stomach stinging a little . Haha xD Wonder why !!! 
Im on my way , If you dont feel the pain , I guess you never will ... 
* sigh * I hate all the bullshit you cause . Why do you still try .... 
The words are losing meaning , So there is nothing left to say . Without ever hearing it was over , I knew it was time to walk away . Your lies and deception , Cause me so much Grief , But All i say is fuck it , its time to get some sleep . 
And just when i think they are gone , the nightmares come back 10fold 
FFS , Im done . Making a big deal outta nothing , And im tired of all the drama . 
What the hell ..... When did spiders start flying .... 
99.99% of life is what you make it . So if you say life sucks , Guess what ? Then you suck too ! 
Hm . I want a sandwich ..... Damn how come my Girlfriend is never around when i need her ! - A thought im willing to be most guys have had .... 
Spending way to much time working on a mathematical formula for a hobby . Dear god ..... How do i have a girlfriend ? 
1st day of work finished . Sweaty , and covered in Dirt . 
* sigh * i wish i could control Time . 
Stress , Ugh . Headache . Hah . 
Happy father's day to my buddies with kids . Dont really have anyone to wish it to myself so meh . 
Just got back from the lake haha . 
Well , I don't Know where you might be , but where ever it is , it will be without me . 
Texas tonight , ROAD TRIP ! 
\I miss you Masta 
If i just disappeared who all would care honestly . Would i just be a fast fading memory , or would my sudden leaving have any sort of lasting impact ? 
And i said , What About Breakfast at < PROPFEMALE>'s , And she Said I think i remember the Film , And as i recall We both Kinda Liked it , And i said well thats one thing we got . 
Almost time to go to texas ! DO YOU **** ING LOVE IT ?!?!?!?! 
And back from texas , Holy shit . 
Judge < PROPFEMALE > . Cant stand the bitch . Dont get why she has a TV show . Just a loud bitch who uses her position to abuse people Verbally . 
Hmm ..... I need to get REALLY stressed out 
9-3-20 as yorick ... Call him UP again ! 
Well . * sigh * This sucks . 
Oh god , the things i want to say to some people .......... 
Kinda just wanna headbutt something now . 
I'm just not really caring anymore . Just gonna nod my head , smile , and go with it . 
* sigh * 10 more days .... Seems like an eternity . 
Got my hair cut today . 1st time i have gone to a place to get it cut since i was 9 i think . Pretty nice . Thinking i might have a every 2-3 week drill now 
* sigh * Lets see how this goes ....... 
More scrap from work . Time to get creative ! 
* sigh * What am i doing ? 
This kinda sucks . Not too sure what to think about all this shit ... * sigh * 
Guess there is nothing left but to let the world start to turn . The thing that kept it from going forward has been removed . Brakes were taken off that bitch . 
Why did you even have to come back . For fucks sake this is just ..... * sigh * 
I got my toes in the water , Ass in the sand , Not a worry in the world , a cold beer in my hand . 
Of course im not surprised in the least 
Right eye swollen shut , Broken hand supposedly , Lps split , and Blood all over my face heh 
Eye socket and hands still sore . The most annoying thing tho ? My lips keep splitting open 
I've been trying my best to get along , but thats okay there is nothing left to say but .... 
What's a Guy gotta do to get a girl in this town , Dont wanna be alone when the sun goes down , Just a sweet little something to put my arms around ... 
* sigh * I dont even know anymore ..... 
I fucking quit . Happy life ? You fucking won . 
No clue what i am anymore . * sigh * 
fractured knuckle , and possibly torn ligaments in my right hand ... 
I say all the right things , at exactly the right time , but i mean nothing too you and i dont know why ... 
Thinking ill take this time to actually record some of my songs .... 
Only you own and rattle my bones\ 
You turn me over and over , \ 
Till I can't control myself\ 
Make me a liar , yeah , one big disaster uh\ 
You make my heart beat - faster 
The only words that i have left to say are Get out of my head , and FUCK YOU . 
The one good thing about today ? i had a HUGE ass plate of nachos ... 
and half the time i wonder why i even have most of you on here , seeing as how only maybe 10 of you actually communicate with me 
New CDs , < PROPMALE > Nathanson and Zac Brown Band . Music ftw ? 
405-881-4051\ 
\ 
My number for anyone interested . Text it letting me know who you are . 
An eye for an eye , tooth for a tooth \ 
Want someone to hurt you , make you die the way I do \ 
I don't think that I could be so \ 
Cold hearted 
Tomorrow ... 11:20 Am .... 
PUT THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU ! (1 ) Crazy - ( 2 ) I'd marry you - ( 3 ) Glad to know you - ( 4 ) Sarcastic(5 ) I miss you - ( 6 ) I'd kiss you - ( 7 ) Beautiful - ( 8 ) Smart - ( 9 ) Imaginativ e(10 ) Random - ( 11 ) Smart Ass - ( 12 ) Funny - ( 13 ) Sweet(14 ) Amazing - ( 15 ) Tough - ( 16 ) Cute - ( 17 ) I'd hit you with a bus(18 ) I love you - ( 19 ) Weirdo - ( 20 ) Friends forever 
YOU DON'T LOOK SICK !!! No , I don't . It's hard to explain to someone when they have no clue . It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Anxiety , Bipolar , Depression , Autism , Diabetes , Lupus , migraines , RA , Fibromyalgia , CROHNS , MS , ME , Arthritis , etc .. ) Never judge what you don't understand 
I love this shit ... seeing people who are supposed to be friends working shit behind my back as soon as im gone .... Fucking love all of you pieces of shit .... 
hah . I was fucking right ! FUCK PEOPLE ! 
I see little comments ... little things .... I read them , hear them .... And i get angry . But you will no know . Why ? Because if you knew what other thoughts accompanied them , you would run in terror . 
You feel like your doing nothing wrong , but posting suggestive pictures ... You get mad at people for thinking things that you say arnt true , When your actions make it seem like they are .... 
The bitch came back , the very next day .... 
Just realized ... I dont have any pictures ... Pictures of things ive done , people ive been with .... Kinda funny that no one seemed to find it important enough to take any . 
Internal screaming , Nothing feels right , \ 
What is the point of all this , when its one big fight , \ 
Im tired of the lies , Just so sick of it , \ 
Everytime i hear you speak , i just think \Bullshit ! \"" 
* Sigh * Thinking a bit too much about logical things that will net illogical responses . 
Sick of all the lies , And the deceitful shit . Anyone else have shit to tell me while we are at it ? 
Back in OK ... Just as shitty as i left it . 
It's hard to say what it is I see in you , Wonder if I'll always be with you , Words can't say , I can't do , Enough to prove , It's all for you . 
I wish it was anyone but me , I could have been anyone you see ... 
Everyone is bitching about new FB . But mine never changed . haha . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfZKbjUPrSg&feature=related 
I just want to see everyone i know happy . No more worries , No more guilt . Just peace of mind , and a slight smile . 
And i remember why i dont get on here anymore ... 
Welp . Ripped a tooth outta my mouth . Whose a badass ?!?!?! Sober too ! 
Sure , Being a kind and sweet guy is great .... But anger , Fear , and Intimidation generate results , So why act any other way ? 
Realzation hit ... The only thing i like in life ... Turtles . 
What i want is unattainable . Its a horrid situation i have gotten myself into .... * sigh * 
Ladies and Gentlemen ... Glad im replicable to you all . Great to know that . 
ATTENTION . I DONT RECIEVE PICTURES ON MY PHONE . STOP SENDING THEM . IM SICK OF THE MASS AMOUNTS OF CRICKET MESSAGES SAYING I CANT RECIEVE THEM . 
A general distain for people . A realization about people i know , and realizing that Im not good enough . Sorry im not happy enough , good enough , or someone else for you all . Thanks . Glad to know I meet NO ONES expectations . 
Ya see some people after high school , and Yeah they look different , But still need the same amount of facial work done ... 
K FB peoples ... Im hella bored . If ya wanna talk , comment for the number . Because i deleted all but 4 < PROPFIRST > outta my phone so i can \start fresh \"" 
Always interesting talking to someone you havnt in a while . Occasionally people change , Or are how you remembered them , and it makes ya smile . 
And of the < PROPFIRST > i've deleted none of them have attempted contact . Looks like i made the right cuts ... At this rate i should do scouting for the NFL 
So . My yahoo account is locked for some reason , and im not able to unlock it . Ugh . 
Hah . Looks like im an Asshole , Yet again ! 
Horoscope summarizes too , A female will want to argue with you today , And tell you that you're wrong . Alright , So nothing new . And to consider cutting ties with her . Well . Lets see Who i piss off today ! 
You can have the High roads , And ill take the Lows . Disguise the Frailty , I just love to hate you . * Side note , My yahoo was locked , Need everyones number/info that i had on there * 
And people wonder why i might just be the most jaded mother fucker they know . 
You lie about everything , and expect me to give a shit now and believe ANYTHING you say .... hahaha wow . 
Kinda wish my life was a romantic comedy style .... That way no matter how much i fuck up things end up working out . 
That was a pleasant talk . 
Love it when an Ex's BF brings up that hes With her now .... My only response is \Hope you enjoy knowing I jizzed on EVERY part of her body . Kiss her now fucker . \"" 
Werewolf Deck in construction ! With the stuff from < PROPFIRST > its gonna be ...... BEAST !!!!!!!!!!! 
