Women and their shenanigans 

Divine Celestial Patriarch Dallin is at your service 
done with your shit ..... don't like it ? fuck your self 
got the job at tmcc i start on monday .... only two more days of being a cabbie !!!! 
getting your boys frozen isn't too bad .... more expensive than i thought but its worth it ! 
Long freakin day ! 1 hour and 15 minutes to go ! who wants to shoot me in the head ? 
Ah a nice relaxing day at work 
Love reno . one day snow one day rain next day foggy and < PROPFEMALE > ! Hahaha 
Heading to Tahoe ! beautiful day today ! 
Beer beer ! beer beer ! beer beer beer beer beer ! Oh crap i forgot the words ! 
hm ..... too much 
Aw rockstar , a smoke , if only the weather was better or else this would be a great lunch break ! 
breaks over ... time to jump in my soccer mom state van ..... oh yes ..... 
Drunk is a good place to be 
ahhhh 4 more hours of work .... i want a cigarette ..... :-( 
another grande day at work ..... but i have cigarettes today woot woot .... good day 
hump day !!! almost friday !!!! 
My favorite place in the world ....... Red Rock Bar 
Woo soccer mom < PROPFIRST > ! Oh Yeah 
ahhh lunch finally ..... busy busy day .... 
RENO FUCKING < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!! BBQ IN THIS BITCH !!!!!!!! 
Get off my lawn ! 
Ah the soccer mom < PROPFIRST > ! He's a sexy beetch ! 
I get off work early woot woot !!!!! Beer here I come !!!!! 
mmm .... left over pulled pork .... perfect !!! 
The shit going on in Georgia ..... INSANE ..... makes me sick . 
off to red rock bar !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Biela got the death sentence !!!! Hope you enjoy the death cocktail 
Poor poor Australia and Indonesia ..... the oil spill has made our dear Commander and Chief cancel his trip there for the 2nd time this year ..... oh whatever shall they do ..... * tear * 
awwww 5 more hours and I get my 3 day weekend ..... I see booze in the future .... angels have cried 
almost the weekend ..... so close I can smell it ..... 
Ahhhh Arizona ..... I wish more states were like you .... Same with Nebrasaka .... good job Fremont 
Ah good old kick back at the house . anyone wanna come by and have a few beers and bratwurst give me a call or txt 351 3521 
Heard the final news . RIP Guy its been a long time since I saw you last . You are in my heart Brother . 
Ahhhh Life ..... Too live life is the greatest gift . Don't waste it . 
Damn Gold Diggers ..... 
I love Sushi especially all you can eat Sushi 
Time to nut up or shut up love that line 
bitches be crazy ...... 
Mmm beer best thing ever . especially when youre sick ..... best medicine ever . 
Burning Man has become so commercialized and completely overrated ..... not what it was originally about ..... good god . 
Ah < PROPFIRST > Beck and < PROPMALE > O'Reilly ..... oh how do I enjoy watching your shows ..... 
and my phone has disappeared ... it may be on I-80 in a million pieces or in some little piece of shit picked it up from the gas station where it got lost at ..... good gods ..... 
People are hilarious . They keep talking about how we should boycott BP and they completely forget that doing such would hurt small business and cities ( such as Reno among others ) where the unemployment rate is already extremely high and would only drive it higher . I hope the things you use in everyday life are all natural , cell phone , computer , bike , shoes , clothing .... Grow a pair 
SO extremely random ... but on my way into work today I ran over a snake ... not sure if it was dead or alive but this sonbitch was at least 3 feet long .... 
Just submitted my full time application to become a full time State of < PROPFEMALE > employee . Wish me luck guys !!!!! 
stupid sprint doesn't like the phone i just bought and is throwing a baby fit ..... stupid cell phone companies ... 
SWEET HOME ALABAMA WHERE THE SKIES ARE SO BLUE , SWEET HOME ALABAMA LORD I'M COMING HOME TO YOU !!!!!!!!!!! 
Who am I shitting , I'm a pitiful sight , and I ain't all that bright , I'm definitely chiseled from stone , I'm a cheat and a liar , no woman's < PROPFEMALE > , I'll probably die cold and alone , but just give me < PROPMALE > cause deep down inside I swear I got a big heart of a gold !!!!!!!! 
facebook really needs a thing where you can \dislike\ " someones status or comment or page ..... it'd be amazing " 
fuck me i'm bored ..... time to bust out the book !!!! reading time ! 
HELL YES RAIN !!!!!!!!!! 
Two and a half more years ...... I dunno if I can handle it ..... 
mmm ..... taylor swift ..... need i say more ? 
May the God's forgive the politicians/media who try to use or lessen any American deaths .... you don't deserve to be in the same room as a Soldier . 
Don't spread my wealth . Spread my work ethic ..... saw that bumper sticker today . Perfect !!!! 
if i cut off your arms and cut off you legs would you still love me anyway ? if you're bound and gagged , draped and displayed would you still love me anyway ? why don't you love me anyway ? 
stupid bastard dog of mine got outta the house again today and got picked up by animal control and wouldn't release him to my roommate while i was at work . now i gotta pay 55 bucks to get him outta doggy jail .... hope he enjoys his overnight stay 
so great day .... nice little car accident and when i mean nice .... i mean my car is fuck up beyond all recognition .... no more car for me and from now on next car i get its full coverage all the way ..... no more liability bull shit . \ 
\ 
on a positive note my dog , myself and my roommates g/f didn't die . although she might have a broken ankle we'll find out soon i imagine . 
Finally got a new phone .... since it was stolen i have no < PROPFIRST > anymore . If you want to get a hold of me txt me with your name ! last name appreciated .... don't want to get anyone confused .... i am a guy . \ 
775-351-3521 
I love having a phone again 
I hate having to wait in line just to pick up my pay check ...... 
why do people look at you weird if you mention you're a polytheist ?? 
Xrays are fun ..... now to see how jacked up my mouth is 
My tooth has been yanked out . No smoking for 3 days . I hate my life . 
being at work 2 hours early is boring .... listening to fox news radio and randomly commenting and liking people .... only burned up 30 minutes DAMNIT !!!!!!!!!!! 
Just tricked my roommate into eating dog jerky lol 
I really love kebobs ..... with pita flat bread . Delcious . 
God obama is irritating ..... 
Haha my sister's turtle ran away ...... 
Oh splendid ! This calls for a sexy party !!!!! Gotta love stewie's sexy parties 
California and < PROPFIRST > moore makes me sick ..... 
So i got laid off today .... who wants to come kick it tonight and have some beers at my place ?? 
I never realized how much writing your thoughts down helps to clear your head .... 
If you have never seen Hurtlocker you have to see this movie ...... best i have ever seen . 
I love how working outside gives you an epic tan ..... not only does my front yard look great but now i have a fantastic tanktop tan ..... 4 1/2 hours well spent . 
< PROPFEMALE > is soooooooooooooooooooooooooo awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm gunna take Loki for a walk in the rain in maybe 2 hours ... oh yes . 
I should be asleep ..... 
Oh flooded crawl space , how did i miss you ? Not very much ..... 
mmmm ..... hookah and a new drink i made .... i just need a name for it .... who is creative ?? 
I love clerks 2 
Wooo panda express here i come !!!!!! 
I've lost even more weight and I have passed the 2 week < PROPFIRST > of not having a cigarette ..... damn its been a crazy few weeks . I have way too much nervous energy 
I'm really craving a cig .... i have been craving one since sunday .... damn it !!!! 
I was very close to smoking yesterday ..... but i held firm and i'm glad i didn't go back .... almost 3 weeks !! Hell yes 
I hate shaving my face everyday ....... bane of my existence 
I changed my mind .... whatever is wrong with me right now is the bane of my existence . I woke up just now feeling drained , like shit , and like i need to puke .... 
Work is over ..... time for a beer ..... mmmm ..... delicious 
It is officially one of those nights .... I have to be up for work in 5 hours and I'm having a beer .... yup its one of those nights 
Cigs oh how do you dog my heels ..... well more like the actual habit . I was THAT CLOSE !!!!!! 
Wooooo Bullet concert !!!!!! Hell yes !!!!!!!! 
Best concert ever ....... 
I got 99 problems but a bitch aint one 
Over time all day today !!!! 
Sweet infant baby jesus starin at your baby einstein developmental videos on shapes and colors but still omnipotent 
At Red Rock Bar ..... its been a while ... I have missed you . 
Should not have done that last night ...... haha oh well ..... rockstar here i come 
So I found my glasses .... I found them with my foot and I now need to take them to a store to get them fixed ..... Who would like to go on this mission with me ???? Hint hint .... Lol 
Apparently being dehydrated is a bad thing ..... 
When you think that things can't get any worse and then all of a sudden they do ..... you feel like there is no hope and no way to get through it . That is when a < PROPFIRST > of hope shines through the clouds .... Thank God . I couldn't have handled this on top of everything else that has been shit on me this year .... 
\At the center of your being you have the answer . You know who you are and you know what you want . \ " Lao-Tzu " 
\The weak can never forgive . Forgiveness is an attribute of the strong . \ " Mahatma Gandhi " 
From Plato's Symposium ; We are fractured creatures trying to become whole . Interesting philosophy . To say the least . 
Good morning and Happy Thanksgiving to all !!!! 
whoooooooooo UNR yeeeeeeaaaahhhh boyyyyyyy 
GO NV .... we F**K N ' ROCK !!!!! 
To all you Boise fans ..... GET SOME !!!!!!!!! How does it feel ??? 
We should buy a beer for the Boise kicker .... maybe 10 HAHAHA 
Mmm breakfast burrito ..... 
You're from the future ?? Do they still have sandwiches there ? 
It sucks when you wanna drink and all you have is beer ... and you're not in a beer mood . 
Malibu rum and < PROPFEMALE > red < PROPFEMALE > light grapefuit juice .... not too bad . Just a little sweet . 
The interesting conversations you have while being drunk ..... I love it 
I woke up in the middle of the night and cant fall back to sleep ...... 
Here I go again on my own . Going down the only road I've ever known . Like a drifter I was born to walk alone !! Gotta love fired up .... insomnia strikes again 
Having a picture of my nephew from when he was 2 as the background on my phone always makes me smile when I see it . No matter what my mood is like . 
On my way to my interview . I hope it pans out . 
The movie ELF is freakin hilarious !! I love it . 
I'm such a dork .... I'm actually watching < PROPMALE > Potter ..... lol 
I lead a pretty boring life .... online solitare woo .... And I drank a half gallon of vodka in only 3 days .... wow . 
713 : i hate you for making me post this .... 
who wants spaghetti ? i'm gunna make some soon . 
Its awesome to hear gun shots in your back yard ... 
Mmm .... spaghetti and meatballs , some rum , and hookah . This will be a good night 
the start of a new sleep cycle . such is the cost of having a job at times . gotta do what it takes ..... good thing i don't start my official day til sunday night . lasagna tomorrow night with hookah and drinks . good-bye dear home we have had some memories .... another week or so .... over 2 years has come to a close . 
I hate when you can't get something outta your mind ... and its so bad you dream about it all night ..... 
To all who venture out to the < PROPFEMALE > pub crawl . Be smart and get home safely !! 
Hahaha < PROPFIRST > set it up to play beer pong tonight ..... i guess it had to happen ..... but first gotta finish the lasagna 
Yeah ! I am actually watching finding nemo right now . Hell yes !!! 
\It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness . \ " Seneca " 
Oxygen and hydrogen are having a drink at the bar , Gold walks in and they say Au !! Get out !!!! Hahahahahaha the nerd strikes again .... embrace it people ! 
Yes i shall be down in history as the man who opened a door ! 
I hit 217 on the dot .... another month of this and 195 here i come . Good-bye 200's . \ 
Ps . Everyone have a good xmas < PROPFEMALE > ! Be safe out there :-) 
Certainly no more sexual harassment suits . Whats wrong with saying , \hey nice tits\ " . When did that go out the window ? < PROPFIRST > Black-Accepted " 
Thats what girls are for ... having a good time .... then they get serious . Quote from my grandfather ... haha 
Wolf eyes .... grr baby grr .... 
I dont understand why people cant learn from history ..... 
\Re-examine all that you have been told ... and dismiss that which insults your soul . \ " Walt Whitman . " 
Love hookah and drinks .... and the new shrek :-D 
Full day of helping my friend move .... i'm dead tired 
We dance , we kiss , we schmooze , we < PROPFEMALE > on , we go home happy . 
\The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness . \ " The Dalai Lama " 
I was hiding under your porch cause i love you ..... can i stay ?? - < PROPMALE > from UP haha 
Life .... you are a fickle mistress . 
Don't go knocking on death's door . Just ring the < PROPFEMALE > and run . He hates that . 
I love the word anathema ... something about it is so .... substantial . It pops out at me . 
Tennessee I shall see you soon . April 19 .... not too long to wait . 
So i need to find someone to watch my dog for a month ... maybe more . Complications with my housing arrangements . Anyone have any suggestions ? 
In Russia , box smash you 
Community service today was actually kinda fun 
Well the day i went to jail was the day i was going to get hired at this one place ..... shitty . Just found out . Fuck my life ..... 
My family thinks i'm moving to Utah .... NOT going to happen !!!!!!! 
