Being Single Isn't Fun . I Miss Having Someone To Share My Time With . 

Well Lost it today my record has ended ... Lost my lunch within 5 mins of finishing ... But mysteriously didn't lose it all . 
Goal for 2010 : To not be single by the end of the year . 
ok so I either have a GI problem an Opertuneistic Infection or its just sinuses ... 
hopefully < PROPMALE > or < PROPFIRST > remember to bring an extra mat for me to use on thursday . 
well feeling ok today ... have psy appoint at 1 and have ID tomorrow 
threw up this morning ... right after taking my pills ... Didn't through up the pills though ? 
Feeling good today ... went to Gibraltor for the Holistic fair and had my stones and cards read ... It was right on the money . 
Pulminary doc today 
Spewed this morning all acid ... Ugh ! 
Have to now go get an MRI ... 
Spewed yet again ... this is so annoying think my sinuses are setting off a GI problem ... getting it checked out soon . 
Blah 
Woohoo nice shiny mace . working on the helm next 
Bite me game is fun but has to long of a down time 
Well they fixed the down time problem 
Well I start a new couciling center next week since my now ex therapist couldn't handle me and my issues . 
Gonna summon a Sea serpent or dragon tomorrow morning incase everyone wants to be on board . 
Well did my new patient intake today ... have been assigned a new therapist lets see how it works out ... was approved for 10 individual sessions ... 
why is it when u find someone u think u are meant to be with or have alot in common with and u want to be friends or more that they always seem to be on the otherside of the planet ? 
well had to cancel my GI appointment today ... PCPs can be a pain in the ass ... My specialist approved the appointment and the insurance did but the PCP didnt send the stupid ass referal ... I hate doctors sometimes . 
Theres a < PROPMALE > that I will be sharing my story at an event for Sexual Violence Awareness Month which is April ... If I do so it will be on the 22nd in Roseville . 
Dont know if anyone has noticed but i've been experiencing alot of problems with certain apps on FB . This is a < PROPMALE > Irritent to someone who cant be on here 24/7 . 
Have sleep study tonigh everyone wish me luck lol . 
had a hot medical assistant hook me up and tuck me in at my sleep study . 
well i have sleep apnea found out i have to go back for the second part of the test they told me in an hour i would stop breathing 9.5 times 
Is it wrong to Fantasies about someone when u dont really know them ? 
Is it wrong to Fantasies about someone in a commitment type form when u really dont know them ? 
For anyone on castleage u need to contact me direct at the moment for help ... for some reason my link to look at everyones castleage post isnt working . 
Why is it when someone u know dies that the first thing most people do is drink ? Why would u have a fundraiser in a bar for a person who didnt go to the bar ? I think its disrespectful to the deceased . Why can't u set up a memorial fund at the bank and ask for donations to be made there instead of asking abunch of drunks for there beer money ... 
If finding happiness was meant to be this easy I should have joined MCB sooner ! 
So , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are , well ... you know ... Even Newt Gingrich is on his 3rd marriage . Yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? REALLY ?!? Feel free to copy and paste if you agree . 
Think about this for a minute . If I showed up on your door step crying , would you care ? If I called you and asked you to come pick me up because something happened , would you come ? If I had one day left to live my life , would you be a part of it ? If I needed a shoulder to cry on , would you < PROPFEMALE > me yours ? Life is lonely ... without friends . It's World's Best Friend Week . If you agree repost . 
PFT Test went okay ... A little out of breath though . 
okay since right after the PFT i've been having hiccups on and off all day 
If you could describe ur current and past life by a current song what song would it be , and not just by the name but the actual words and meaning of the song . Name the song and artist then repost this . ' Fearless Love ' by < PROPFEMALE > Ethridge . 
Happy Friday Happy Last Day Of April And Happy Last Day Of Smoking ... Well Not So Happy For The Smokers . 
Well today was fun was in a car accident on 9 mile and < PROPFIRST > ... my mom and i were rear ended by a 88 year old woman whom should have not been driving ... 
Had loads of fun at the party last night yes it may not have looked like it but i'm more cerebial so I absorbed alot . 
Having Memories of my past pop up while watching a tv show tonight ... I'm remembering some things which are just not appropriate for everyone ... The people who know my story if ur out there and willing to reach out please do i need a hand getting out of this dark place . 
What is love ? Love is a feeling , but to find Unconditional Love thats the trick in life ... unconditional is where you love each other flaws and all . So how many of us can actually say we've found true love ... dont know cause thats different for everyone but true for me is Unconditional Love . 
' Trust ' \ 
Pronunciation : \\ ? tr ? st\\\ 
Function : noun \ 
Etymology : Middle English , probably of Scandinavian origin ; akin to Old Norse traust trust ; akin to Old English tr ? owe faithful\ 
1 a : assured reliance on the character , ability , strength , or truth of someone or something \ 
1 b : one in which confidence is placed 
When sleeping , I dream of events that will happen , or are happening to others ... particularly violent or bad acts ... When meeting someone new , or for that matter , speaking to anyone , I take on the burden of their emotions ... Everyone says that they feel better after speaking with me when they are down , but I always end up worse . It's like they transfer the emotion to me ... This is the fun of being an Empath . 
OK UNLESS I'M MISTAKEN MY STATUS IS SINGLE SO FOR ANYONE WHO THINKS I'M IN A RELATIONSHIP WITH < PROPFIRST > , I WOULD LIKE TO CORRECT THAT I AM NOT ... I WAS HIS FRIEND ... RIGHT NOW I'M THINKING ABOUT THAT CAUSE HE HAS BEEN TELLING PEOPLE WE ARE TOGETHER WHEN ME AND HIM AND A TALK AND SAID WE ARE JUST FRIENDS ... I'M SO DISCUSTED RIGHT NOW ... OI 
< PROPFEMALE > step aside theres a New bitch in town and its Me . 
Monogamy\ 
Pronunciation : \\- m ? \\ 
Pronunciation : \\- m ? \\\ 
Etymology : French monogamie , from Late Latin monogamia , from Greek , from monogamos monogamous , from mon- + gamos marriage , from gamein to marry\ 
Date : 1612\ 
1 archaic : the practice of marrying only once during a lifetime\ 
2 : the state or custom of being married to one person at a time\ 
3 : the condition or practice of having a single mate during a period of time 
Bears symbolize healing , divinity , invulnerability , spirit helper , protection , introspection , truth , female receptive energy , prophesy , stamina , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , defense , revenge , transformation , intuition , answers from the Dreamworld , benevolence , strength and bravery . They are connected to Artemis , Zeus , Callisto , Dea Artia , Thor , Odhinn , Freya , and Norse lunar water goddesses . 
Circle Etiquette :\ 
Never summon Anything you can't banish . \ 
\ 
If the ritual leader should ask for a volunteer , resist the urge to raise your hand ! While it is true that volunteering will most likely gain you stature and prestige amongst the group , thereby allowing you to advance quickly through the ranks , it is equally likely to get you strapped to a table and eaten alive by a drooling demonic horde . 
Glee was interesting with its plot twist tonight ... Next week is a must see since it's the Lady Gaga episode . 
Gonna be out on the town running everywhere from 21mile and < PROPMALE > all the way down to Detroit Receiving to get all my medical reports ... so I wont be around So please leave a message at the beep . BEEP ! 
Tomorrow should be fun have therapy ... my therapist knows nothing about the gay life style ... and she tells me everytime she sees me she learns something new ... Know all this would be Jimdandy if she wasnt always 30mins late for my appointment . 
Baking for the bake sale tomorrow ... tomorrow is going to be a long day ... since i only have one glass baking pan i have to cook one thing at a time cool it and then cut and wrap it for the sale then i can start the next item ... I'm making 3 in total . 
Bakesale here I come and u all better appreciate the 7hrs of work I put in today just baking and wrapping treats ! 
Helping < PROPMALE > Tomorrow So Wont Be Home Leave A Message At The Beep . Beep ! 
Have u ever gotten to a point in your life where u felt that u just cant do anything right ? 
Been helping someone for the last 2 days clean there house and I can say for a fact that I'm glad I did ... < PROPMALE > your a great guy and a true friend . I thank u for being who you are and I thank < PROPMALE > for Introducing me and allowing me to include u as a friend in my hectic life :) 
Woohoo off to the dentist for my 6 month cleaning .... oh so much fun . 
Well back from the dentist have a clean < PROPMALE > of oral health ... So dont have to see them again till Dec . Thank God . 
Down to my last pair of clean undies so doing My laundry today . 
OK Laundry is done ... Now have nothing to do for the rest of the week ... :( 
Had a wonderful day today met another nice person by the name of < PROPMALE > who is also a Facebook friend ... his photos dont do him justice hes hotter in person . Then < PROPMALE > out with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > thats always a blast . Pizza was great once the extra cheese was added . 
Well i shaved today ... but what did I shave i'll leave that as a mystery :) But lets see who can guess . 
Beauty Fades - Stupidity Stays ' < PROPFEMALE > Stanger ' 
Ah the fun of pride I shall pay for the fun for a few days ... I look like Fricken Mr. Krabbs and i bet when i move i bet i make the same sounds . 
ok most of the redness is gone now just have to deal with the tight skin ... 
well am at about 95% should be good by time the ice cream social hits ... 
A true friend is not someone who talks to u when they want to a true friend is someone who u can sit with and talk with on a serious level and then be joking the next ... I true friend is always there when u need them and sometimes when u dont expect them to be there they will suprise u . 
Well not going to be on this weekend as of tonight will be at daddies house for the weekend wont be back till late Sunday . So all have fun and hope to see whomever at the ice cream social . 
Had the most wonderful time with my daddies this weekend ... Had a great dinner which i helped make of scratch made mushroom soup , chicken cheese rice casserole and fresh fruit salad on sunday . Nothing is more fun then cooking with someone . 
I will be at Sams helping with the CMN Fundraiser as of Thursday - Saturday so anyone who wants to show up and support CMN please do . It's at the Sams Club by Great Lakes Crossing . 3 Dollars buys u a protein of some sort , chips and a drink . All moneys goes to Childrens Miracle Network , It's a great cause and all the little ones could really use ur support . So come on out I promise we dont bite . 
Made Rainbow Potato Salad 2 go along with dinner wasnt the best but everyone else liked it so I cant complain . 
Sckit Super worn out today Sckit sleep alot . Sckit did Have fun with daddies though over the past few days and Pandy Likes to pick on me it doesnt bother me though cause hes cute :P 
This < PROPMALE > Domo has to do his own laundry today . 
Ok well didnt get around to the laundry yesterday but will get on it today ... now if i could just get my arch in my right foot to stop hurting . 
ok now the foot is better but the other leg has one of 2 things either a localized infection or i have signs of lyme disease how wonderful a disease from a fruit for a fruit ... why couldnt it possibly be < PROPFEMALE > disease or blueberry disease ... oh well ... yes i know what it really is i'm just being silly it covers up my actual pain . 
ok well found out today i have cellulitis which is a localized infection i have currently in my left leg ... i'm currently on 2 antibiotics for it ... if that doesnt work My next step is to be hospitalized with a drip full of antibiotics ... oh so much fun of having a compromised immune system . 
Well leg is doing alot better today no pain and it looks like it stop spreading thanks to 200 mg of Doxycycline and 2000 mg of Keflex everyday . 
It's Nice when u have a hunch and it goes off right ... taking my friend < PROPFIRST > to my Psychic < PROPFEMALE > was wonderful for him ... Just like any Psychic she didn't open doors for him but she did open windows to help him see whats ahead ... its up to him to open the doors . 
Advice of the day : If u want to get mauled by a pack of bears cover yourself in < PROPFEMALE > , If you want to get mauled by a pack of gay bears cover yourself in bacon grease . 
knows that most people are searching for something ; the meaning of life , true love , or their place in the world . Me ? I'm just trying to find < PROPMALE > . 
Blonde Joke of the Day :\ 
A blonde goes to the movies , her boyfriend asks if she wants any thing to eat , she says yes M& Ms. So he goes to get her some M& Ms. He comes back with the M&Ms and gives them to her , she opens up the bag and pulls out all the brown ones and gives it to her boyfriend . Her boyfriend asked why she gave him all the brown ones , and she said \Oh I'm allergic to chocolate . \"" 
Big Question of the Day :\ 
If carrots are so good for the eyes , how come I see so many dead rabbits on the highway ? 
Really sick right now should be more careful in the future if there is one of being around people when there sick ... Even on antibiotics for something else can still catch something else just cause my immune system is compromised ... Oh Happy Days Are Here Again ... Not ! Excuse me while I go hack out a lung over the toilet . 
Back home after being in the hospital last night from dehydration and vomiting ... am on a pill to help stop the vomiting and an inhaler to help with breathing ... I did black out last night and had to get taken to the hospital by ambulence ... so thats where i've been lately ... oh well . 
Got out for a few mins today ... Had Bacon ... so good . but still hacking and bringing up balls of phlem . 
Ok all signs of virus are gone ... Just stuck with the annoying Dry Cough ... 
Well have an appointment with my Orthopedic Specialist at the DMC Tuesday Morning everyone wish me luck ... I know he wont be happy since Medicaid Denied me for a third time even after he wrote them a lengthy letter on why I needed full Medicaid . 
Ok Ortho Dr. Is Pissed now hes taking the next step and actually putting in the paperwork that i'm disabled so medicaid will see that a specialist has diagnosed me as disabled ... If Medicaid would just figure out i dont want to live on the system i just need it for a little while until i'm fixed then i wont need them anymore ... 
Had a wonderful date yesterday with one of the sweetest guy . It was kinda like one of those dreams u have that u wish would never end ... But it ended eventually ... He is a great kisser though . 
Slept in today and slept most of the day ooooh depression is so fun ... Then finally made hamburger helper for dinner ... yeah nothing special goin on today ... Loved the storms though 
Well had lunch with < PROPFIRST > and then went to my aunt's house to see all the mess the storm last night made on her street . 
Well working on prep for tomorrows dinner . Have a friend coming over for dinner and a movie or 2 . 
well had a great time yesterday watched 3 movies had dinner and went to dairy < PROPFEMALE > . My adivce for the day the dairy < PROPFEMALE > pecan pie blizzard is bad . 
Well tomorrow am off to get the medical report from my specialist at the dmc and then i wont be back on here till sometime wednesday going to have my blood draw for this 6 month period and since i was sick resently my < PROPFIRST > will be down but no stress tuesday or wednesday morning so my < PROPFIRST > can be as high as possible . 
Okay just liquidated alot of people who didnt deserve to be my friends ... 
Tomorrow have Dr. Appt . with PCP Dr. and other then that have nothing planned ... 
Getting a swedish massage on Saturday ... I could so use it . 
My mom had loads of fun today , she got to take her sister to the hospital and was there from early this morning to around 7pm ... so much fun to have on her birthday . 
Swedish Massage here I come :D 
< PROPFIRST > my Massuier has Magical Hands ! 
Dark and Depressed . 
Facebook I hate ur new improvements ... I hate the new photo < PROPFEMALE > layout ... I liked it better when there was < PROPFEMALE > s rather then one < PROPFEMALE > with over 100s of photos to look at ... its so aggrivating for us dial up people to wait for all of them to load . 
U want to know what lonelyness feels like ... try locking urself in a closet thats 1ftx5ft wide understairs an all u have is a cot and a small blanket to keep u warm no light no nothing . U want to see what my lonelyness is like why dont u try it . 
Had the best Hungarian Pork Paprikash for lunch today ... 
Hoxe foi < PROPFEMALE > día moi aburrido moito tempo , pero estou case a rematar de ler o meu libro ! 
Eins og er að takast á við að taka TB próf lætur sjá hvernig það kemur út . 
Finished reading Eragon and have started reading Elde.st . Eragon the movie was such a Terrible interpritation of the book ... In 15-20 years after the original movie was made they need to remake it and include more then 10% of the book unlike the crappy original . 
Officially liquidated my friendlist of all fake and bad profiles , am currently < PROPFEMALE > der 75 friends . If anyone has a friend that they think I might enjoy talking to please feel free to suggest them . \ 
( Oficialmente liquidada meu friendlist de todos os perfís falsos e mal , estou actualmente con menos de 75 amigos . Se alguén ten < PROPFEMALE > amigo que creo que podería gusta de falar para non dubide en suxeriu-las . ) 
Atra guliä < PROPFEMALE > ilian tauthr ono < PROPFEMALE > atra ono waíse skölir fra rauthr . \ 
If anyone can tell me what this says without cheating I will be your friend for life . 
Well guess no one got my phrase ... well it's over on the left for all to see ... Kinda disappointed no one even tried to guess ... 
You know some people arn't worth wasting ur time on ... I'm finding that out day by day ... and some are like dirty diamonds ... with a little cleaning and polishing they become the most beautiful people in the world . 
I am what I am and \ 
I am what I am afraid of \ 
Oh what am I afraid of \ 
I need a fearless love \ 
Don’t need to fear the end \ 
If you can’t hold me now \ 
You will never hold me again \ 
I want to live my life \ 
Pursuing all my happiness \ 
I want a fearless love \ 
I won’t settle for anything less 
Well finished reading Eldest ... It was a quick 1000+ < PROPFEMALE > read ... kinda upset at how it left things and upset that the cover dragon doesnt show up in the story till like the last few chapters but still it was a good read . 
Comezase a ler Brisingr eu teño tres semanas porque eu comproba da biblioteca en vez de compra-lo . \ 
Have started reading Brisingr I have three weeks cause I checked it out from the library rather then buying it . 
is more then half way through Brisingr ... but is disapointed when he found out the next book is being held back again ... UGH ! 
yesterday had the best meal ... went to < PROPFIRST>'s and had a cheese quesad ... and there new sandwich which is a grilled cheese with 4 cheese sticks inside ... I was in cheese heaven . :) 
Brisingr didnt end the way I would have wanted it to but hey there is still another book in the making hopefully they end the series properly ... Well since i finished It in exactly one week tomorrow I start anew with a New series by < PROPFIRST > Goodkind ... it the books that inspired the ' The Legend of the Seeker ' series so tomorrow I start on ' Wizards First Rule ' . 
Thanks for the great evening < PROPMALE > and everyone from group I needed that kick in the pants and Reality Check ... I did what was needed to be done ... And that stone that I took from the basket had alot of room in it for me to store my angry in ... I feel so much better now ... THANKS :) 
