One hippopotamus , two or more Hippopotami ... 

Remember to < PROPFEMALE > up your pantyhose or Stinky Wizzleteats won't give you sausages and pre-chewed gum .... 
I'm tired ... I just finished my suitcase ... Leaving for Italy Tuesday ... I can already hear the speaker call the damn plane to board ... I hate traveling ... 
Mothers little helpers anyone ? 
There should be a progressive system with the poking on Facebook ... Something like : poke , tap , shove , stab , fist fight , < PROPFEMALE > fist fight ... and so forth ... don't you think .... 
Why does it have to take four hours to get to Cannes ????? 
Waxing isn't as painful as people pretend ... Thought the center of the chest does hurt quite a bit , still it's completely within tolerable levels 
Perche non ce < PROPFEMALE > niente da fare ? 
Four days and I'm back home ... My skin is starting to suffer ... I'm not used to dry hair .. 
Four more hours ... 
Ich bin Home 
My classes are such a pain in the ass ... but I think I'll have fun in Italian 101 ... I have a feeling the professor can't speak it well ... because they only have basics and her name isn't Italian ... but even if I'm wrong ... I still get to practice ... 
Haha ... my mother hit me with a pillow on face book , then i went upstair and hit her with a real pillow ... lol 
I redid an old painting ... it came out great , and I love it even more ... not totally finished ... but I like the direction it went in 
Why do I have to go to class every day ... ugh ... 
Idle efforts are best when feeling suicidal Your proverb of the day 
Mysterious Skin is an amazing film ... I just finished watching it ... < PROPFIRST > Gordon-Levitt is fantastic , the whole cast really ... Beautifully made film ... 
floccinaucinihilipilification is the word of the day ... use it ... if you dare 
Why do my shoes hurt me so ... I am always so kind to them ... and they are so abusive , so now it's time for tough love ... shoes ... meet the weird-shoe-stretcher-ou t-t hingy ... hahahaha 
... I want my MANGA !!! That my sister denied me because she is cruel and twisted ... 
Repo : the genetic Opera 
Mmhmm , another samhain 
I finally got the movie , Repo the genetic Opera ... and now I have to wait to get home ... damn it all 
I got covered in charcoal today ... so great ... I feel better 
I just read an article on masculinity ... I had no idea about all the stupid things men put themselves through ... success and what not ... I'm glad I'm not a man ... I'm just a dude ... 
Question , would not drinking from bottles marked \drink me\ " be considered a strength ? " 
It sure is drunk out tonight ... 
Skin , Bone and Silicone ... by < PROPFEMALE > Enan 
I once envied the simple ... thinking of what things they are spared ... But I pity them now ... an old friend helped me realize how fearful simple minds are of things they don't want to understand ... I'd much rather have what pains my under thumb then over head ... 
I've been in an intoxicated daze for most of today ... Painting away ... listing to music from the movie Shelter ... ( Thanks Jonny ) 
I'm Completed the first phase of the Shelter project ... as i think I shall be calling it ... Now I need to decide whether or not to finish it as I envisioned or allow it to be as is ... what to do ? 
Today ... I have decided ( on a whim ) that I will be Puck ... lucky I'd memorized the final monologue and a few songs ... this should be interest ... 
Tokio Hotel 
You know what < PROPFIRST > Brown movie I would watch .... < PROPFIRST > Brown and the Great Pregnancy Scare ... I think that could have some amusing dialogue ... if only they had the balls to make it 
< PROPFIRST > Fry is going to be an awesome Cheshire Cat ... Like no other ... Looking forward to it 
I wonder what color an Oompa Loompa's blood is ... maybe it's made of soda pop ... or really smooth liquorish ... someone , quickly ask < PROPFIRST > before he dies 
Tick tock tick tock ... 
Happy birthday to me ... 
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious ... < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
My hand hurt ... but at least I'm almost done painting the solids in my room ... 
And now my head hurt ... damn paint fumes ... 
Butters !!! 
It turns out the road to hell isn't paved with good intention , just regular asphalt ... 
C-4 is an important part of a well balanced breakfast 
Hello < PROPFEMALE > is selling wine and I am loving it ... 
I am dead tired ... my legs are sore ... I want class to be over 
They TV just told me to call parliament , something tells me they won't answer 
Porridge , Bananas , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! 
The Question of the Day : Are you Hummus or are you Badger ? 
TEST ALL OVER .... I AM HAPPY ... for a brief moment in time anyway ... relaxing time ... Thanks < PROPMALE > 
Happy Frabjous day !!!! 
I need an < PROPMALE > studio ... lol ... so I can just mess up that room ... 
What Color does a Smurf go when we chock it ? 
Vicious Vicious - Don't looked so surprised .... Awesome song 
Damn you Heroki ... why are you so mean to Nowaki !?!?!?! He's such a sweet boy ... 
DAMN IT !!!!! I need to paint and have no canvas ... Or Primer to paint over an old one .... AHHHHHHHHHHHH ... 
.... Are snuff films Illegal or just in poor taste , cause you never see them ? 
Is it just me ... or is it cruel to force your child to cut his hair and then rub it in his face by buying him shampoo for long hair ... 
Twas brillig , and the slithy toves\ 
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe ;\ 
All mimsy were the borogoves , \ 
And the mome raths outgrabe . 
Who the fuck in < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? 
When the Lord closes a door , somewhere he opens a window ... shame it's in a different house ... 
Apparently edges sex for straight men is being raped by a butch lesbian while dreaming about their mother ( in a none sexual way ) ... wow ... straight people are weird ... don't blame me ... blame Peep Show ... 
The life of the wife was ended by the knife ... 
I've had a thought ... If power corrupts , and knowledge is power , then studying must be evil ... How dare professors act so < PROPMALE > , the hellion lot 
Why do people alway say you discover your sexuality like it's some grand quest or some such thing ... I just noticed it was in the room one day ... 
Is Sex considered a Sport ? 
has Central Heterochromia 
Child rearing advice ... Never raise your hand to your children ... it leaves your mid section unprotected ... 
mmmm , Thunderstorm 
People , people who need people ... are really pathetic ... be glad you don't need people ... they suck ... 
Almost done with my < PROPMALE > piece I've been working on for about a month now ... just one small corner ... hopefully tomorrow it will be done ... or the day after 
Isn't it horrible when you agree with someone , but their arguments are horrible ... damn it all 
This country is increasingly getting on my nerves 
Passed Drivers License test ... how horrible ... not I need to drive ... damn social expectations 
Italia down by one ... shit ... please don't let them lose ... I need to work with Italians tonight 
That's numberwang 
If your credit card , during a transaction , does not function as it is intended , e.i , exchange credit for good or services , then the card is declined . Given that , why is it that when it is not , and thus the opposite of the dichonomic paradigm , it is approved , would it not stand to linguistic reason that the card should be inclined ? 
In case you were wondering , he went <--- that way 
I keep hearing the wrong lyrics in a song ... it's so weird when that happens ... 
Hypnotroad owns your ass 
I burnt my wrist ... :( 
I'm going to start a new piece tonight ... if I'm not too tired .. 
Be yourself , everyone else is already taken \ 
< PROPFIRST > Wild 
Deutschland !!! Kick England's ass !!! 
1/2 NADH + cyt c(ox ) + ADP + P(i ) <=> 1/2 NAD (+) + cyt C(red ) + ATP 
I am in an Italian place with an Italian owner , with Spanish speaking workers , English speaking customers , singing in < PROPMALE > and trying to read De Rerum Natura in Latin ... This is a linguistic nightmare ... 
Why am I always fucking tired ... ugh , this is annoying 
Spain vs . Paraguay was epic ... what the fuck ... 
I have to tip my hat to Paraguay , they fought tooth and nail and it was an excellent game ... 
Ok , Musicians , Actors , etc ... you are not Artist , you do < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > forms , but your < PROPMALE > not Artists , I am fucking sick of telling people I'm an Artist and them asking what kind ... You have words for your damn < PROPMALE > form ... leave our word alone ... I should have to say visual < PROPMALE > s ... you guys don't say musical < PROPMALE > s when calling yourselves musicians ... so yeah 
Oh , Sir Digby Chicken Caesar , how < PROPMALE > you are 
What's the best way to get rid of temptation ??? 
Every man need a little black cocktail dress for those special occasions ... right boys 
You say I lack motivation like it's a bad thing ... 
Why don't I have more chances to say cluster-fuck , it's such a great concept ... 
Who wants to marry me ? 
Quote of the day\ 
\ 
A mans face is his autobiography , a woman's face is her work of fiction ... \ 
O . Wilde 
If you have any question , please write them on a piece of paper and throw set paper into the air ... I'll get back to you as soon as the winds change ... thank you ... 
In a world spinning as fast as the inside of Homebase when you've just had a go at a four-pack of Dulux tester cans , who is left to fight for all that is right and proper and good and leather and full of money and belonging to that teenager who doesn't look like he can handle himself ? Yes , it's the surprising adventures of me , Sir Digby Chicken Caesar ! 
Men ... 
A message to the general public ... Next time you have a thought , let it go ... 
Why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
Who wants to play the Who The Fuck Are You game ... ??? 
The air at work broke ... so I'm sitting in front of a massive oven ... with no air conditioning whatsoever ... 
Make smoothies not war ... they taste better going down 
Note ... do not use the keyboard cleaner as air conditioning , i got a boo boo on my tummy from it ... 
Loves a bitch , but that bitch has the car keys and happiness is a long way away 
My head hurts , anyone got any Zydrate ? 
I got ham , but I'm not a hamster ... 
Can you forget to give a shit , if you never did ? 
Statements are just poorly arranged questions ... 
This place is mind numbingly boring 
Gotta love \I touch myself\ " ... 80s masturbation songs .... yeah " 
I need an enormous canvas ... 
Thin-limbed gorgeous green eyes ... 
Beer Bread ... 
Christian likes < PROPFIRST > Boyle and PlayStation ... wow ... those too just go together so well 
I need someone to come into Miami Slice who knows the lines to A Little Priest from Sweeney < PROPMALE > ( musical ) and they can be Sweeney and I'll be Mrs. Lovett ... that should entertain the costumers ... and more important ... me 
Working on a large ass painting ... 
My arm is anticipating the pain it will feel ... ugh 
mmm observational humor 
Fuck facebook farming , it's all about Rune Factory ... 
One brush is spent ... aww ... always sad when I lose one 
Please step away from the Chardonnay 
Necropolis 
Who wants to go to fhloston paradise with me ... 
I need to practice my Scottish 
mmm the summer rains 
Is it still landscape if it's a picture of the sky ... skyscape ???? 
I wish you all weren't quite so boring 
My Phone is dying ... why couldn't it be < PROPFIRST > Beck 
The ground is almost done ... 
paintings finally starting to pull together ... rather then just be a bunch of flouting images ... lol 
( shotgun cocking sound ) 
Am I dead yet ... this whole life thing is time consuming 
why am i still at work ............................. 
They're shooting some kind of gay porn in the house across from mine ... and not doing a good job of hiding it either 
Finally finished the pasta ... whatever shape we ended up making ... 
wouldn't you know it ... when trying to come up with ideas for commissioned painting , I end up thinking of something awesome but completely unrelated to what I need to do ... lol ... so now instead of crossing something off the list ... I just added one 
I need to remember the < PROPFIRST > Brannan show in September ... 
I had a weird dream that i was out on a date with < PROPFIRST > Brannan and despite my charm and wit it was not going that well ... i was really frustrated , it's rare that someone I want to like me doesn't ... 
Apparently it's rock night at Miami Slice ... lol ... 
I realize when people say die of boredom it's more of a suicide then anything else ... 
My back is killing me ... I need to lay down 
My hand is killing me ... but I'm almost done with the massive painting ... 
I'm almost done with the massive 52 by 75in painting ... just need to let it dry and tweak some minor details 
I'm Jam Hot 
Why does no one want to attend my bedroom puppet show ... it's gonna be epic ... you people suck 
Women are a pain in the ass ... damn breast ... all hangy and shit ... I'm going back to painting men ... 
The button on my pants fell off ... and I don't have a belt ... this should be an interesting day at work .... 
OMG ... < PROPFEMALE > Garbo just walked in ... 
I should lose my pants more often ... I have a shit load of tips and it's only 7 
Happy August 4th everyone ... expect you < PROPFIRST > ... you know why ... ( Surly look ) 
Don't read this ... it's hazards to your health .... 
I'm trying to start a Lethargic League ... to push forth our agenda's thought congress , but somehow , I'm not getting volunteers ... odd 
MMmmmmmm Theobromine ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Pong ... is not the macarena . It takes < PROPFEMALE > . She is like a fine , well-aged prostitute ... it takes years to learn her tricks . She is cruel , laughs at you when you are naked , but you keep coming back for more , and more ! Why ? Because she is the only prostitute I can afford . 
I can't sleep again 
Miami's sinking ... again , waters pumping up through the drainage systems ... again 
Someone come visit me at work before I kill myself , or better other people for entertainment 
One more hour ... this place is too boring ... this much boredom should be illegal or a method of torture 
Sweet Power !!!! 
Mmm , what a lovely rain ... 
tick tock tick tock 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > ... what would I do without you ? 
Oh no , the water's infected ... with fire !!!!! 
I've been reading Junjou Egoist all night ... I'm so pathetic ... I want to have sex is the archive of a university too 
Just watched the movie \Wild Tigers I have known\ " that was an interesting trip ... A narrative hodgepodge and a visual dream ... Beautiful imagery and concept sow together haphazard with mismatched threads ... All and all I liked it ... " 
I wonder how much the advertisement dude who came up with the Depression Hurt slogan made ... cause that's a pretty pathetic slogan ... 
Just when I thought I was finally thinning the list of painting I had in the works it shot up again ... lol from 6 to 7 to 6 to 7 to 6 to 5 to 4 to 3 to 4 to 5 lol , 
Why is it Lunatics always know the best games ? 
I just said there is nothing sexier then a man with a nail gun ... and now I'm trying to figure out why that is or isn't as weird as it sounds ... 
I got home a little after 11PM and woke up at 1AM and have been painting till now ( 6:30 AM ... ish ) ... ugh ... and I have classes in two days ... my sleep schedule is so fucked 
I love how desperately short the cast list for Kill < PROPMALE > vol . 3 is , it's like ... The Bride , Elle Driver ... Sofie Fatale ( rumored ) ... They are desperately trying to find people that are still alive after then end of the first two ... so she will face off with a blind chick and one with one arm ... ( or less ) yeah .... epic fights the lot of them 
You know the voice in the back of you mind , the one telling you not to do things you really want to ... Well have I got news for you ... come down to Lobotomies R US today and we can take care of all those pesky voice in your head ... Even the really hard ones , like < PROPMALE > Gottfried ... So if you have < PROPMALE > Gottfried squealing indiscernible sounds in your head ... come on down 
How sad is it when three hours of sleep is more then you expected to get in ...? 
About to go into my Latin Class ... I love Humanity class books ... always so cheep ... lol 
Latin is going to be Epically fun ... I wish they had conversational Latin ... So when I get pissed I can yell in Latin ... yeah 
I think I'm gonna die 
mmmm ... I miss childhood .... 
I'd forgotten how long the morning was ... seeing as I tended to wake up around noon or 2 lol 
Why , Oh Why , Oh Why , is the structure of my chromosomes 
Why is Smut a bad thing ... I love how it sounds ... it's such a nice sounding word ... Smut ; that's smut ... You just want to say it over and over ... Like < PROPMALE > Gottfried 
How can people say violence is never the answer when they don't even know the question !?!?!?!!? It must be the answer to something ... 
Stop copying my mother likes everyone ... or she'll think she's cool 
Psycho Panda Beach Party anyone ???? 
You know what ... I STOLE THE COOKIES FROM THE COOKIE JAR ... and what , bitch !!!! 
Shounen < PROPFEMALE > should have a discl < PROPFEMALE > mer ... may cause depression ... 
War is Gods way of teach Americans geography ... \ 
< PROPMALE > Bierce 
Verbum Latium Terret Me 
2 drawing ideas down ... 1 more to go ... then the index card shit 
I will now collect Miami Beach Restaurant Business card for my < PROPMALE > project ... It's been decided 
Why do you insist on talking ... haven't you realized your not saying anything interesting ? 
I need a purple and white stripped long sleeve shirt ... I don't know why ... but I do ... Horizontal strips of course 
Someone remind me what I'm doing ? 
When I was sitting in < PROPMALE > class I magically got chocolate on me ... it was odd ... 
I was assigned to make the worse drawing in the world in < PROPMALE > class ... and I made one ... and the more I think of it ... the cooler and those not the worse it becomes ... ugh !!! 
An Egotist is a man of poor taste- more interested in himself then in me\ 
I'm out of eyeliner 
Why are YOU still alive ... 
When you ask stupid questions the terrorists win bible belt ... so stop it 
Meet the psychic nazi < PROPMALE > who says the Fuhrer has been reincarnated as a mad cap leggy blond ... There's something about Hitler , tonight on Sick Sad World 
Why is everyone hating on drama ... nothing is wrong with some drama in your life ... I would die of boredom without the small dramatic I enjoy from time to time ... 
I just found out water colors come in pencils ... AWESOME !!!!! 
going ahead of the class and working on my future and past verb forms of the ' are ' and ' ere ' endings ... it's pretty easy 
Someone kill me .... ugh .... I feel like shit 
Please don't make me kill you ... this shirt is dry clean only and i don't want to get blood on it ... 
lives in a state of perpetual exhaustion 
You ask why I'm so Jaded ... If you didn't suck so much I'd be more optimistic , so maybe it's your fault I hate everything ... every think of that world ... not so smart now are you ... 
I am serious , and don't call me < PROPFIRST > ... 
From now on ... instead of gasping I will say the word \gasp\ " ... for dramatic effect " 
... I wonder why barging into your boyfriends house demanding sex qualifies as apologizing for breaking dinner plans ... mmmm , curious 
This human form is so taxing ... ugh 
I wonder why I lack ambition ... 
Ok ... let me clear this up ... Unless you bring direct attention to yourself or are doing something overtly interesting ... I WILL NOT BE PAYING ATTENTION TO YOU ... people seem to think I am focusing on everything around me at all time ... no ... if something isn't demanding my attention ... it's not getting it ... so stop being shocked when I didn't notice something that you think should be obvious ... 
I'm sorry , I wasn't listening ... you really must try and be more interesting ... 
Nec Vitia Norstra Nec Remedia Tolerare Possumus\ 
Livy 
Off I go to fail my quiz ... or try not to ... either one 
Without Stats to worry about I am studying like crazy my Latin ... and it's really fun 
Didn't your mother ever teach you to shut the fuck up ? 
You unimaginable cunt ... ( OMG , cunt isn't a word on spell check , what a prick system ) 
Oh Dr. < PROPFIRST > Killinger , I want a magic murder bag too !!!! 
A revolution without dancing is a revolution not worth having\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Goldman 
Why is it the more you talk the less I listen .... mmm , I wonder 
I try not to look for things ... I find it puts you at terrible risk of finding them . 
I know why the cage bird sings ... cause I put a gun to it's head ... 
I know why we don't get enough business ... because < PROPMALE > keeps making these dying pig sounds he claims to be singing ... it scares of the people 
Show your Lawndale High spirit with the gift of urine 
I just made a movie reference my mother is too young for to someone younger then me ... score one for confusing remarks 
The asshole at the government are forcing me to waste my time monday at Jury duty shit and they have the balls to demand I don't wear short or a t-shirt ... so fuck them , I'm wearing a dress !!! 
Jury Duty was boring as fuck 
Stop ... just stop everything you're doing ... especially that breathing thing ... it's annoying when you do it ... 
Murder she snored ( the coke fiend ) 
This job is lowering my people skills ... my tolerance threshold for stupidity is plummeting 
Violence is always the answer , provided you ask the right question ... 
Just got back from the < PROPMALE > thing in the design district ... there was an odd smell of soil coming from one of the streets ... it was odd ... 
Do you find yourself answering questions you've been asked ? If you answered yes , or even if you answered no ... then you need to stop giving a shit ... 
Do they make bitchin boots in my size ... mother says I need to wear shoes to the halloween party ? 
< PROPMALE > - My , what a big check book you have , mister business man\ 
Business Man- All the better to fuck you with < PROPMALE > 
I just made weird groaning noises for no apparent reason ... if anyone has any information , please call 1 800 fuck you , or send your information to your state senator thanks you 
Hasn't this dream lasted long enough ? 
If my heart is what you're hunting for , here's a scalpel , good luck ... 
< PROPFEMALE > says I sound like Eros now that I'm sick ... I think i sound like Dr. Girlfriend ... damn throat 
I forgot what I was talking about ... but I'm sure it was brilliant , so let's just go with that 
Making a Pear and vanilla Tarte Tatin ... mmm , smells yummy 
I can smell through time .... 
My < PROPMALE > project reminds me of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... at first the color and lines attract the eyes ... but then when you really look at it ... you wonder what the fuck is interesting about it ... 
I left my bag in the DRC today and walked around for a bit and the black of weight on my shoulder made me feel overtly sexual ... I'm not sure why ... it was insane , but fun 
kind of sad how hard it is for me to agree with most people ... even if we agree I have to find a point of opposition ... lol 
Planting the seeds of rebellion sure is a lot of fun ... 
Borisman ... the World needs you !!!!! 
I'm just a reflection of you ; so stop trying to understand me and start trying to understand yourself , it will do you a lot more good . 
\You may know that I am pleased with you\ " \ 
it seems I am still alive after my surgery ... joy 
Out of the hospital a second time now ... let's keep it that way this time ... 
Is it mean to reply \Elysium\ " should someone ask where I'm from ? " 
Note , if you say \not to sound like a < PROPMALE >\" chances are ... you're a < PROPMALE >..." 
I can't be bothered to know what I'm doing , I'm to busy doing it ... tell my secretary and she'll get back to me 
Note : If I can see your ball hairs , your short shorts are too short 
I got all As ... how cool am I , the answer we were looking for ... is very 
I have reworked the picture on my paintings ... go my comment minions ... comment !!!! 
I finally got my Lennon SunGlasses ... epic ... now I just need to get some smaller circle ones in red ... and I'm epic 
There ... I finally put caption on all my painting in my painting album ... 
STOP PUTTING QUESTION MARKS AT THE END OF STATEMENTS ... if you not asking a question don't use the damn question < PROPFIRST > ... 
On a scale ... what's more impacting ... a strongly worded letter or a weakly worded threat ... I wonder 
Remember people ... My levity lecture is fast approaching ... please RPDM 
is in a doleful daze of artistic fervor 
Grand magnificently pointless gestures are the only kind of gestures I make ... 
I always enjoy when the smell of ash fills the air and when it rains down ... not sure why ... it reminds me of something but I can't remember what ... whatever it is , it's a pleasant memory , oddly enough 
I want a Kodama doll ... or like 20 ... someone buy me 20 Kodama dolls that I can scatter about my room 
It would seem my apple doesn't like water and it's keyboard doesn't wish to respond ... so I'll be off line for a bit ... if the strain of being detached for me becomes to great at any point ... please , get a hold of yourself , you're embarrassing 
By Vectron !!!! 
Thanks you all ... people who just noticed it was my birthday on face book and said happy birthday not to be bothered to write something that required any level of thought ... I \generic statement\ " you all " 
Finally finished all Midterm and it's spring break so now I get to catch up on all the readings ... yeah ! Awesome 
The blessed sponge of amnesia has wiped the slate of memory - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Madness is best left to professional ... you amateur just do it wrong and make the rest of us look bad 
Dude ... you suck at life ... get some lessons 
Libellum ludo legendus sum sed iners nimis sum 
' Tis the voice of the Lobster : I heard him declare\ 
\You have baked me too brown 
I try to live every few minute , because living every single one would get dull fast , I think it's important to skip a few 
Why are people so fucking stupid ... I just spent 2 hours trying to explain to a person that if you can't explain your opinions about things they aren't actually tour opinions ... and he wouldn't understand it 
Am I insane ... am i an illogical twat or is everyone else just massively retarded ... sometime i think it might be me ... but then I remember that my arguments are logical so they must be stupid 
Madness 
