Made oatmeal chocolate chip cookies with < PROPFIRST > and now taking the twins to the pool ..... 

Thanks for the Coffee !! I needed it !! I got the grass mowed and cleaned out my car .... I feel so productive !! :) 
Thanks for the Coffee this morning , < PROPFIRST > !! I needed it ! I mowed the grass and cleaned out the car .... I feel so productive ..... 
is a complete idiot . 
is ready for Connor and < PROPFIRST > to come home .... I miss them so much ! :( 
Horned Frogs !!! 
Go Sooners !! 
swings and roundabouts . 
Thank you so much to everyone who sent me wonderful birthday wishes !! 
In other words ..... you are an idiot and you need to shut the F up !!! Does that clear things up for you ??? 
I love my pandora 
Something always takes the place of missing pieces you can take and put together even though you know there's something missing .... 
I feel horrible ! Who the heck gave me this cold or whatever it is ?? I was fine when I went to sleep this makes no sense !! I do not have time to be sick . Can I reschedule this illness ? 
Oh , the sweet sounds of natures carwash ! The scion needed it since it was covered in pollen and someone < PROPFIRST > a cat face on my hood ! And the thunder and rain makes great sleeping weather especially when you feel like crap ! * sneeze/cough * 
will be doing her first Residency in Portland , OR in August !! yay 
First day at the new job went well even though I feel like crap still . Took some meds that are making me loopy so I'm going to bed !! 
Sometimes people are nice because that is genuinely who they really are .... the only thing weird about it is that people assume when you are nice there must be another reason . I am nice because I want to be . It IS a choice . I choose to be happy . If you are an unhappy person , get to know yourself better and figure out what will make you happy ( realisticly ) . Do not look to others to define who you are . Silly humans !! 
Jus got home from work and I hear my bed calling ... hopefully I can sleep more than four hours today . I think I'm getting slap-happy !! What day is this ?? 
has realized that there are some things I am just not meant to understand 
Is going to sleep during the night for the first time in a month ... yay ! I will be dreaming of going to DC2 on broughton and cursing outthat redheaded sales b*tc# just for fun ... don't shop there !! Rude ... I will cut her ... security !! :) 
will be sleeping today .... 
Is wondering if its accecptable to drink a < PROPFIRST>'s Harder Cranberry Lemonade at 9am since I just got off work .... I'm going with a YES !! 
Getting some sun and listing to my pandora .... real music , not that stuff on the radio !! :) 
Well we're moving on up to a deluxe apartment in the sky ... but it's not on the eastside and they call them condo's now ! 
Sleep ! 
I seek serenity . I believe I have seen the devil and his evil works in others .... I will not let it get the best of me . I will not loose faith that there are good honest and loving people in this world . I will not tolerate close-mindedness , hate or prejudice in my life . Peace everyone ! 
My heart goes out to the Mixon family and to those of you that were close to Chip . I hadn't seen him in years but I have some very fond memories growing up with him and very glad to have known him . The world is short one great guy . 
is so glad I don't have to work this weekend !! 
I really wanted that < PROPFIRST > Kors purse but I put it down because I realized I'd rather have a new piece of furniture instead 
Concert in the park !! 
Headed to the BEACH !!! :) 
World Cup !! 
I really miss Connor and < PROPFIRST > . The next two months are going to be hard . :( 
Lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness , and receive with meekness the engrafted word , which is able to save your souls . But be ye doers of the word and not hearers only , deceiving your own selves . For if any be a hearer and not a doer , he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in glass . < PROPFIRST > 1:21 -23 
...... 
Can't wait to go to the beach tomorrow ! 
Is hanging out by the pool !! 
PAIN 
I love watching classic car shows/auctions ! 
Go Boise State !!! 
Yes !! I'm going out !!!! :) 
went blonde . Hopefully I will have more fun ! :) 
I'm going to give up being nice to people . 
On the road to Indiana .... 
if anyone needs to get in touch with me call/text 912-596-3877 . Using < PROPFIRST>'s phone until mine is fixed . 
Watching Paranormal State ... love it ! 
If x is equal to sleep then y am I still freaking awake after two days ... algebra nightmares !! 
Can't believe I actually put on a pair of roller skates with < PROPFIRST > at < PROPFEMALE > Castle tonight ! 
This algebra class can kiss my arse ! 
I'd like to know what A-hole took MY coffee maker off my unit ?? This totally sucks !! 
Root canal . :( 
Excess on occasion is exhilirating . It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit . ~ W . Somerset Maugham , The Summing Up , 1938 
making pancakes from scratch for the kiddies and then I am going to get some sleep finally !! 
I don't know how much longer I can do this . :( 
I swear being nice gets you no where . I am tired of people acting like complete ass hats ! I've written off two people already today and its pretty early . Now who wants to be next ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > better beat Auburns arse !! Yes I am rooting for GA ! 
Damn you GA Bulldogs !! You had a < PROPMALE > to win my good favors but you blew it !!! 
Does anyone do any barefoot running ? 
Got a pair of Vibram five fingers . We will see .... 
My calves are really sore ... I guess I will be barefoot walking instead of running tonight ..... 
Parsimony .... 
I am SO proud of < PROPFIRST > for always making high honor roll and being in SEARCH , Jr. beta club , playing the Sax and being the best daughter a Mom could ask for ! Good luck on your application to be the editor of the School Newspaper !! I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
When it rains .... it POURS !!! 
GO BOISE STATE !! 
Can't wait to see Boise State play UGA in Atl Sept . 3 , 2011 ! I will be wearing blue and orange .... not red and black !! :) 
Without < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > none of us would be here ..... Say what ?!? 
Wondering if I will like The Event .... I miss Lost and need a replacement ..... 
Today I am thankful that I'm an American because otherwise I wouldn't be celebrating Thanksgiving ! Happy Turkey Day everyone ! :) 
is wondering where she lost her license ..... 
Always be yourself because the people that matter don't mind and the people that mind don't matter . 
thinks that life is so strange and unexpected . 
is Top 40 sweet cheeks !! 
This football game stinks . 
Kids should not be on facebook if they aren't educated about what's appropriate . If they don't understand they shouldn't have a fb account . Parents , please police your children and don't make it someone else's responsibility . 
is SO excited about < PROPFIRST>'s first band concert tonight ! 
I got a notice that someone from another country logged in on my facebook account so if you get something weird from me .... I didn't send it . 
I hope it snows ! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I have been a very good girl so could you please give me the winning Lotto < PROPFIRST > for christmas . I promise I will never ask for anything else . 
I think it's great that Connor's xbox 360 came in the mail today in time for me to ground him from it . I wonder if he will decide to do his homework now ? 
has realized that sometimes saying nothing , says everything . 
Inception was an awesome movie ! 
Kids are gone for 2 weeks , I am really going to miss them . Time to PAR-TAY !! :) 
is going to the movies by herself to see TRON in 3D !! 
is finally watching < PROPMALE > of Persia 
For everything you lose there is something to gain . 
would rather shop online than go to the store .... so glad I am done !! 
is wondering why my kids are still texting me things they want for christmas ..... didn't I just say I AM DONE !?! 
Go Boise State !! 
is tickety-boo ! 
I hope everyone has a wonderful Christmas ! 
Missing Connor and < PROPFIRST > :( 
is wishing I was at Dad's farm in Wisconsin with the rest of my crazy family ! 
nothing like a christmas hangover . 
I think they should just let the players beat the crap out eachother . 
can not believe the previews for My Strange Addiction !! WOW !! 
thinks the conversation with Obama about < PROPFIRST > Vick has been blown way out of proportion .... I don't think he is a big enough idiot to call the owner of the Eagles to specifically congratulate him for giving the dirt bag a 2nd < PROPMALE > . Funny on the timing this story gets out though .... 
is thinking about last years New Years < PROPFEMALE > in Arizona .... and seeing Boise State play in the Fiesta Bowl .... seems like a million years ago .... that was one crazy trip !! 
is so ready for this year to be over with ! 
Why do I feel so weird today .... like I left the house and forgot my knickers .... 
The kids flight was delayed and only have 10 < PROPFEMALE > . to make their connecting flight in ATL by themselves .... I think I need a drink .... or possibly something stronger !! 
Kids made it to JAX .... their luggage did not . GREAT ! 
Holy bunnies !! 
is playing < PROPFIRST > Kart on th wii and having coffee at Kellys ... so much fun !! 
promotes car dancing .... I'm not havin a seizure there's just a good song on the radio ! :) 
:( 
likes a few Magic Hats ! 
Why can't I sleep ?? 
PACKERS !!! 
and thats how the polar bear died ..... 
QUACK !!!! 
I will have to switch to A&E during commercials to see Hoarders at 10 ! 2000 RATS !?! 
He didn't know what to do !?! Uh .... someone needs to switch out his skinny and sweet !! 
Come on Ducks !!! 
Please Score !!!! 
hopes she doesn't run into anyone at target that she knows .... 
is the master of Just Dance 2 on wii !!! Love it !! 
loves some Cap'n Crunch 
Why is everyone talking about needing to drink tonight ? 
is so excited about < PROPFIRST > Cheering for her first game tomorrow !! 
Attaboy Packers !!! 
Another day without sleep ... it's gonna be a long night at work tonight . 
Getherdone Jets !! 
Attaboy Jets !!! 
I just love these erectile dysfunction commercials when you are trying to enjoy the game with the family . 
\The only thing they will have to do in that tub is bathe . \ " Thats profound < PROPFEMALE > " 
is looking forward to February . It cannot come soon enough ! 
I guess people have been doing wrong for so long they think it's right . 
lives without fear . 
Good news today ! I love it when you get confirmation that you are making the right decisions and everything seems to be working out great . 
After 3 hours and a few tests leave it to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > to have an illness and rash the doctors have never seen before ..... she is miserable ! 
Watching You've Got Mail with a Magic Hat 
is moving to Atlanta next month ! 
Go Packers !!! 
I wonder if < PROPFIRST > Sanchez would marry me ? 
Just finished reading Outlander , what a fantastic book ! 
cannot wait to move to Atlanta in a few weeks ! 
< PROPFIRST > made oatmeal cookies all by herself .... What an awesome kid ! She made honor roll ( as usual ) and Connor did pretty good ( amazingly) ! I am so proud to be their mommy !! 
I hope all my family and friends in Indiana and Wisconsin are keeping warm and staying safe !! 
Groundhog day ! Anyone know if Punxsutawney < PROPMALE > saw his shadow ? 
has yet to meet a man that truly knows how to treat a woman and is worthy of my love and affection . ( My answer to my co-worker - \Why is someone as wonderful as you are single ? \")" 
is gonna groove tonight ... I feel like dancing ! Life is good ! 
Dear Franjuan , I would really like to have a Chevy < PROPFIRST > for my Birthday ! :) 
Why is so funny for a dude to get their \boys\ " crunched ??? I think the those commercials are horrible .... " 
I hope < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s wife files for divorce . What a freakin moron ! How dumb does one have to be to get elected to Congress !?! 
Watching The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets Nest and drinking some wine .... a very relaxing night off . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Happy 11th Birthday to my beautiful < PROPFIRST > Caroline .... you are the most wonderful daughter a mother could ask for and you make this world brighter . I love you SO much ! And Congrats on receiving your beta club award today ... I'm so proud of you !! 
Happy 15th Birthday to my handsome son Connor it seems like yesterday you were just a baby , I can't believe it ! Thank you for bringing such joy to to my life .... I love you SO much ! 
is feeling yucky but I do not have time to be sick ... trying to fight it !! 
want you to make me feel like I'm the only girl in the world .... :) 
once , twice , three times a lady ..... lmao 
T.I.R.E.D. 
The power of LIKE !! If you don't like that someone \likes\ " your status/comments there is nothing you can do about it . I'm going to start \ " liking\ " EVERYTHING and see how many people I can piss off . GTG " 
Is headed to Atlanta !! 
Taking the kids to World of Coca Cola ! 
Starbucks !! 
The < PROPFEMALE > looks beautiful tonight 
wonders why was I cursed with such expensive taste ?? 
Good things come to those who wait ..... 
My life as a vampire will officially be over on Tuesday !! 
I'm SO freakin tired I wore my pj's to take < PROPFIRST > to cheer practice and waiting in the car for her .... I guess I have to give up my mother of the year award now . 
I have discovered love on a plate !! :) 
tonight is my last night at work and tomorrow is my last night in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Whew ! What a long day !! 
Hello Atlanta !!! 
I'm only on one drug and its < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
Border will do the job tonight but there has got to be a better mexican joint around here ..... 
is going to bed early 
loves getting off work at 3pm !!! :) 
Thanks everyone SO much for all the Birthday wishes !!!! I have had a great day ! :) 
It was nice to get so many wonderful B-day wishes today ! Thanks again to everyone !! 
What a day it has been ... so far I have been hit , kicked and spit on .... I can't wait to go to the gym tonight . 
My car is totally yellow ..... 
The FIRST time I'm stuck in traffic downtown ATL headed home and I have to pee so freaking bad .... this blows !!! 
is headed to < PROPFEMALE > 
It is always exactily the way it seems !! 
Why am I not able to sleep ?!? 
is SO ready for 3pm to get here !! 
what's the deal with the sirens going off in Smyrna ?? 
I did NOT want to get out of bed today !! 
One more hour and I get to play with my favorite twins ! Hopefully that will cheer me up !! 
has had enough !! D.O.N.E. 
I thought this day would never come !! 
is hoping Connor and < PROPFIRST > have a great first day of school in < PROPFEMALE > !! 
GO BOISE STATE !!! 
