hey very bored . < PROPFEMALE > u need to get on dgamer some time . 

thx < PROPMALE > ! 
:D got a DSi and the book i REALLY wanted for my birthday !!!! 
Snowboarding is sooooo fun Bailee's mom has been helping me , she says im pretty good i guess d : tho i dont rly think so . Bailee , Rylee , < PROPFEMALE > and I made one of the Gondala carts look like we killed someone haha . so fun . \ 
(: I wanna go snowboarding again . My rists hurts tho now . Going home tomorrow sometime . 
rubix cubes .... so confusing but rly fun 
THE SNACK THAT SMILES BACK ! GOLDFISH ! :D 
Going to camp for a week today . Cant wait . 
\Don't know what's going on 
Went on a roller coster for the first time ever today . Scariest thing ive ever done . But it was alot of fun . 
To all who can read this , Do NOT eat the monster under your bed ! \ 
.... It has feelings too ! 
1st . consumer < PROPMALE > . Pratt . \ 
2nd . soc studies . Nunlist . \ 
3rd . language arts . Nunlist\ 
4th . orchestra . Atwood . \ 
5th . algebra . Markofski\ 
6th . jep . Smith . \ 
7th . pe . Bevaqua 
Nunlist scares me ! 
I hate lightbulbs . -_- 
1 : random , 2 : babe , 3:i'dmarry you , 4 : sweet , 5 : beautiful , 6 : talkative , 7 : hot , 8 : fit , 9 : funny 10 : moody , 11 : perfect type , 12 : love you , 13 : nothing , 14 : gorgeous , 15 : strong , 16 : the best , 17 : awsome , 18 : dumb , 19 : crazy ,... 20 : amazing ,... 21 : sporty , 22 : best .. friend , 23 : cute . or are yah alittle scared 
Well , i got a schedule change . only have two calsses that r the same as they were . not rly liking it so far .... 
:D I might get to take care of Mr. Smiths class pet tarantula over winter break ! I'm so excited ! Haha 
I feel like im 5 or 6 again . Playing with lego horses , sharks , ppl , and regular lego bocks . Its for sciencs tho . well , at least the horses were to start with . 
PUT\ 
THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 = Crazy , 2 = I'd \ 
marry you , 3 = I love you , 4 = Sarcastic , 5 = I miss you , 6 = I'd \ 
kiss you , 7 = Moody , 8 = Smart , 9 = Energetic , 10 = Spoiled , 11 = \ 
Random , 12 = A hero , 13 = Funny , 14 = You're mine , 15 = Amazing , 16 = Tough , 17 = Cute 
really bad day , right b4 my b-day , not sure how great of a b-day im gonna have tomorrow now . 
I am not offically even more weird . i have beter balance wearing 3.5 in stilettos . then wearing regular flat shoes , or no shoes . impressive lol . 
Im not sure wat i did . But Im being ignored . So I give up .... I'll stop trying . 
I failed . I never wanted this to happen . I just wanted to talk . But now i think ive lost another friend .... Im sorry . 
YAY ! It snowed . :D I have nooooooo idea why , but im excited for the snow this year . as long as its not all yucky slush type stuff . thats not as fun . but it is fun to slide on . as long as you dont fall .... Anywho ... first snowfall : 11-18-10 lol . wow . 
I'm done with all the drama . Some people just don't change , and I'm tired of getting lied to all the time . Moving on with my life . I rather have a friend or two less , then be lied to & hurt by something so worthless . So I'm done with it . And Im done with some of my other friends . Done with drama . And now , it is time to be happy . 
(: Oh drama , how i will not miss you ! :D moving on with my life . I dont care what people say behind my back . I have my oppinion , they have theirs . I dont want anything to do with someone or something , and voice my oppinion of why , then it shouldnt matter to you . (: 
My IM isnt working D: haha . about to go on a walk in the nice , cold snow (: then i gotta set up [ the volleyball net to kick my dads butt . ( he thinks its sooooo easy to hit the ball over the net . ha ! ) Happy turkeyday ! 
had to reformat my comp bc of a virus . put all my pics and stuff on a thumb drive , but bc i had 2 folders named pictures , and i thought i put them both on , ik i did . but only my old ones got on . so all my newer pics , gone .. i hate viruses 
Click \like\ " if you are glad to have met me . Set this as your status to see how many people are glad to meet you :) " 
yay ! i get the lucky job of helping shovel at least 5in of snow ! this is gonna be fun , shoveling while ur very sore ! 
snow is actually pretty refreshing being pushed , then tripped into right after a volleyball game lol . 
Half frozen Mtn Dew is weird . It's like a slushy lol . 
Our eyes are placed in front of our head , Because it is more important to look ahead , then to look back . 
I'm excited . (: I'm in < PROPMALE > again , and I'm st < PROPMALE > ing on my first project , its gonna be totally awesome . Mr. Taylor gave me a great idea for it . Konstantin did most of the idea making tho . Thank you Konstantin . It's gonna be awesome ! Also , I get Mr. Smiths tarantula for winter break soon . (: 
:D It's official , I am now tarantula sitting < PROPMALE > . Haha , its soooo cool (: 
Tarantulas are very soft . (: And after you pet its back a few times , it realizes u dont want to hurt it , so it wont move as much away from you . (: Its so cool . 
i am holding a tarantula ! : D 
Block class is alot of fun now . (: 
Being sick sucks . I've been sick all week . greeting better , then worse . ): 
\Chocolate chip cookies gotta have more . bake em in the oven 
I is thinks i is going crazy . :D 
Crickets r annoying . we have 6 crickets in the house bc of the tarantula , they r in a plastic container , but they r still annoying . \ 
i like the tarantula tho ! : D 
True friends will stick with you no matter what you say or do . \ 
Fake friends come and go . But they leave a < PROPFIRST > . No matter if you want them to or not . Which friend are you ? 
Ya know wat sucks ? Finding a heated blanket when ur really cold . But you cant find the plug in thing ... grrrr 
I just held the tarantula (: With no gloves . \ 
So excited to go to sky high with Bailee in a lil bit . 
Really want to talk to someone . But whenever they are on , they never talk to me . And I'm always the one to start the conversation . So i feel like im always annoying them . I wish They would talk to me first sometimes .. 
I hate how much people change . I can understand people changing a little bit , becoming more mature and all . But some people change for the worst . I wish I had all my old friends back . all my best friends , my best friends again ..... 
way better mood now (: now i just gotta finish up my hw so i can go snowboarding thursday :D so excited . its gonna be rly interesting d : 
Really wanna go outside and go sleding . Sadly im stuck doing hw all day tho . i hope it keeps snowing (: 
Going snowboarding today (: so excited . Prolly wont be on for a few days tho . Hope < PROPFEMALE > ryone have a fun New Years < PROPFEMALE > . 
Like this status if you give a rip about me or my problems . \ 
Comment if you want to help me with my problems . \ 
Inbox me in you want me to just shut up and stop whining . \ 
Copy and paste this as your status if you want to see what your friends really think of you and your problems . 
i swear everyone thinks im stupid recently . i offer to help ppl with stuff , and they either go to someone else , or say its nothing ... not gonna bother offering anymore . \ 
i made my friend hate me somehow , and i think i just made another hate me too now ... 
Im sorry ): 
I wish life werent so complicated sometimes . I wish it was easier to talk to people about stuff , easier to trust people , and easier to know what to do ... 
\She won't make a sound \ 
I found out what kind of Tarantula < PROPMALE > ( Mr. Smiths tarantula ) is ! He/she/it , is a Chilean < PROPFEMALE > tarantula . (: 
True friends believe in you . Fake friends turn around and stab you in the back , and make things worse . 
Bad day most of the day , then surprisingly , one of the ppl i thought would never get me to laugh again , actually got me to laugh . So it turned out to be not that bad . Wish a certain person would talk to me tho . 
I just found a nest of lady bugs . There are over 200 up behind my house on a grave of someones pet .. Odd place for them . 
So bored . Someone should tt me :D 
I hate orchestra ... And Algebra ... 
)': such a bad day ... 
I'm sorry Jesse ... \ 
Please forgive me .... 
Really wanna go somewhere and take pics . tho not sure where to go . or wat to take pics of ... any ideas ??? 
Goodnight all . And goodnight Species d : ( Species knows who Species is d : haha)\ 
Im guessing Species IM isnt working , so im saying night on here d :\ 
Cant wait till tomorrow . (: 
Aw mid winter break (: so glad we have one . can work on all my homework , and redos all week d : 
I want an energy drink . i wanna try it . (: 
I wish it wasn't so < PROPFEMALE > , and it was a lot warmer . 
Burning the very top of your ear , then some how having the scab taken off really sucks . my ear was bleeding like crazy . 
Anyone gonna be at the mall on Thursday that wants to < PROPFEMALE > out maybe ? 
Old friends come and go . true friends stick like glue . I prefer the sticky friends . (: I love all my close friends ! 
Going to the mall tomorrow around 3 . If anyone else is going and wants to < PROPFEMALE > out . let me know (: 
Aw snow . (: Finally we meet again . 
Hmm I'm kinda tired . Spakoyne noche Mister Species haha . 
(: In a great mood today . Going out for lunch with my dad then to the doctors then to the mall . Only know one person thats going to the mall , but oh well . (: 
shots hurt > < 
Soooo bored today . Can't wait till school starts again . 
I wish it was easier to talk to some people . To tell them exactly how u feel . To just let it all out . Not so much a trust issue , but an issue of the person understanding . \ 
If it was esier , I would be so much happier . 
:D my arm is normal sized again ! tho it still hurts , and is a lil swollen still , but not alot . 
/: Wow . just realized , I have no favorite thing I can think of when I'm depressed to make me happier again .. 
Send me a number thorugh a message and ill tell you what i think about you . 
21 . I dont really know you , but in P.E. you have always been nice to me . Your also really pretty . 
3334 . I miss you ! I haven't seen you in a long time . You were great to < PROPFEMALE > out with at panda bear . You are so nice to me , and super pretty . Love ya ! 
15 . We used to be really close , but have slowly grown appart . You are one of the nicest , and spartest people i know . We should < PROPFEMALE > out again sometime or something ! 
14 . You are so nice ! your all ways there for me when i need someone to talk to . and you give me great advise . 
17 . EWW !!!!!!!!!!!! You are so weird and creepy !!!! \ 
Haha jk jk jk . I had to , you told me to be nice . \ 
anyways , you are one of my best friends . YOu are always , ALWAYS there for me when i need someone . We can relate about alot , and you are probably one of my best friends . Love ya ! ( as a friend d : lol ) 
80938 . I havent talked to you in forever ! We have had our ups , and our downs , but all in all , you have been a great friend . you are so nice and so sweet . I miss and love you ! 
13 . Girl . ur awesome . ur so nice and so pretty and ur so fun to < PROPFEMALE > out with . we gotta < PROPFEMALE > out again soon tho ! 
17 1/2 . ur a really great friend to me . ur always trying to help me , or giving me advice ( even if i dont need it ) but ur always there for me . 
123456789 . You are such a little cutie ! ( not to be creepy or anything ) ur so nice and innocent . ( or at least u act like it d : lol ) i LOVE your violin in orchestra . its so awesome . 
22 . I dont really know u that well , havent talked to u alot . but u seem really cool . and nice . 
357 1/2 . YOU my dear friend , are awesome . you are so nice , and funny . and u take A-Mazing pictures . its gonna be so weird next year without all my lil buddies ! im gonna miss u all so much ! 
7834 . I miss you ! We were friends when we were 3 , with the two others . The four of us were so close , and did everything together . then we slowly grew apart , and the four of us aren't rly close friends anymore . i would love to be close friends with two of u again . i loved hanging out with u at silverwood this summer too . ur so nice , and funny , and super pretty . I love you !! 
9000000000 . We met in 4th/5th grade , and almost instantly became friends . we have had our ups and downs , but we've never rly stayed mad very long . ur rly protective of me , and ik u would kick someones butt if they dared hurt me . ur a great friend <3 
I miss my best friend )': 
If you love me , comment on my status . \ 
If you think I'm a good friend , like it . \ 
If you hate me , message me why . \ 
If you ever had a crush on me , write on my wall . \ 
If you aren't scared , put this as your status and see what you get (: 
\This is ten percent luck 
so tired of getting called rat shit ): 
I don't know what im gonna do , but whatever . I'll just go with it and hope for the best (: \ 
My ankle hurts really bad . I think i really messed it up , but I dont know what I did . 
Going to < PROPMALE > for the weekend . wont be on till sunday . bye everybody ! have a great weekend (: imma miss you ! 
Well , apparently it is sunday now . im home again lol . my brother ended up not being able to move , so we got over half way there , then had to turn around again lol . oh well haha 
(: 
Iv never had sex , smoked weed , been drunk , snuck out , or skipped class , copy n ' paste this as your status & see whoever ' likes ' this thinks you lying 
I love getting random comments from people . They make my day better :D \ 
Thank you all who have said something nice to me today ! 
Had an A-Mazing weekend . But Im ready for school tomorrow . (: Im in such a great mood . Being happy is awesome ! 
Hmm apparently I have another new < PROPMALE > name . \Gimpy\ " just bc i sprained my ankle . Wooooow " 
Blueberry almost < PROPFEMALE > . d : 
There is only one way my week could get any better , and i think its gonna happen at the end of the week . (: I am so freaking happy right now (: 
To anybody in Geometry , Pre-AP English , science , and or world history : How hard are the classes ? i wanna be in Pre-AP English and science , and I'm not sure about history because I dont really like it . But I cant decide what to do . Help ?? 
Almost screamed bloody murder today ! \ 
Power went out after school and I was in the orchestra room . Alone . I thought i was in a very life like nightmare . 
Great day today (: \ 
So happy , cant wait for tomorrow ! 
Today was amazing (: \ 
Simple as that haha . 
Haha really happy . (: \ 
Im actually going to go to bed early too ! 
RIP Killer . Best spider ever haha . Live for over 7 months in a small container only eatting other spiders , its own eggs , or not eatting at all . 
Random store at the mall these two little girls were standing in front of a hanging poster thing next to the manics . Posing like models . So cute and adorable . haha 
Sooo do not feel good :/ im going to bed . I hope I can go to school tomorrow . 
O-o so much stuff happens when you are gone a day . Really wanna tt a certain person . 
Really bad day today .... Shouldn't have even bothered coming today . My throat feels horrible , and I was ignored by the one person I really wanted to talk to today , and to school for today .... I feel like I did something wrong but idk what . And They I find out my friends are talking crap behind my back ... Yea , PERFECT day .... 
): Feeling worse today then I did yesterday .... Still gotta go to school tho . Thank god its a half day though . ): 
alot better day today (: 
/: So many questions , so little time , one person who can answer ... 
Well , my voice is 100% gone now .. 
Happy Birthday Cookie , and R . I . P . \ 
( Cookie was my old cat who died at the age of 16 and 7 days . And yea , her birthday was on April fools ) 
I feels so loved today . (: 
Does not understand adult sense of humor in any way . O-o 
