I'm < PROPMALE > of the trees I'm the treemeister ! 

oops 
interior design and such other messes ... ick 
Is thinking of popsicles ... the evil yummy kind ... the evil green yummy kind .. >:( 
What's on my MIND ?!?!?... Well thanks to < PROPFEMALE > it's cookies :( * tummy rumble * 
Mmmmm salsa and tostitos in my tummy :D 
Out of hospital ... YAY ! Feeling a bit better ... YAY !... Love on me ? :D ( I will hopefully actually keep up with facebook now ... I said hopefully ... ) 
I am soooo ready for this semester to be over ... 
poop and procrastination . And ickyness .... oh I guess that would be poop though ... 
I literally woke up thirty minutes ago ... I hate being sick ... :( 
Back to Nashville tomorrow ... woot ! Classes start Wednesday !... woot ? :/ ... Yeah :D 
Class is great so far . I also have to quit my job so it looks like I really may be getting the break I need ! No worries ;) 
\I'm not a tease ! I'm just honest . I can't help it if I change my mind afterward . \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Auville = True True Love . BESTIES YAYYYYYY <33333 
I am so blessed that I'm surprised I'm not floating ... although I'm not really sure what blessed and floating have to do with one another ... made sense at the time ... anyways ! yep :D 
enjoyed an incredibly beautiful day today ! I squeeked at least seven times ! Woop ! :D 
has ridiculous amounts to do today and then .... < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland in 3D !!!!! Woooooooooooooooooooo ! Then deep relationship discussions ... antiwooooo :( 
wishes the wait was up and that her hopes were confirmed . 
I love the world :-3 ( that's a kissy face :D ) But seriously , if you're reading this right now I absolutely adore you , so smile . You truely are loved :) 
South Africa it is ! A whole three months of awesomeness !!! ( I hope :D ) 
Love is in the air ... for EVERYONE !!!!.... I keep running into stray hearts >:-( ... ( te he :D ) 
But really though , I'm feeling amazing considering . Your prayers are needed loves . Not for me , but for someone deep in my heart . I appreciate it . 
How do I help ? Should I give you big sloppy kisses ? No . Tell you what a blessing you are to all ? Yes , and how about I also hold your head between my hands , look you in the eyes and tell you that I love you .. not romantically .. not even as a brother . As something deeper and more everylasting than imaginable . I'm happy love , you should be too ! Nothing's your fault ! We all love you so ... 
REHEARSAL AGAIN TOMORROW !!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!! 
is only nineteen but feels so much older ( although I know I still have so much more to experience ! Peace Corps anyone ?? Or perhaps simply Cape Town's student run community service program ?? Simply life !! How very beautiful :) 
? ' s < PROPFEMALE > Herzig 
Sleeeeeepy 
wishes it was five thirty already !! :( 
also wonders what his deal is ... casual flirt ?... or simply doesn't care ?... hmmm 
Wishes it was over already . Limbo doesn't agree with me . 
Talk to me ! Get to know me ! Tell me about you ! I don't care , just say something . 
So no South Africa after all :((((((((((((((((((((( ..... well ... at least until next semester !!! :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
would love to work with a photographer that needs portfolio images ... modeling advice anyone ?? I'm gonna finally take the leap this summer . Specifically commercial/print and shows if I meet the standard ... 
So apparently I am no longer an option ?? Stupid boy . You should think twice and talk to me more , but like I said , stupid boys ... should I draw a friggin ' poster or somethin ?? I know it's a long distance hun , but I really have givin you enough clues to get it by now . 
Or perhaps I am too young and therefore immature ?? Always an option that one . I must say that I feel like a crushing fifteen year old . A definate foreign feeling . 
is pushing forward and hoping for a brighter today and if not perhaps tomorrow . If not tomorrow then I'll just have to keep going until my sun emerges again . 
I'm getting excited for my birthday . Want to know why ? http://apps.facebook.com/causes/birthdays/334539?m=21b1fc16 
Ok , so I put up this birthday wish thing asking for everyone to donate to a specific cause for me . I would still really love it if you guys could please do that . It really is the only thing I want for my Bday besides lot's of snuggles :) Please donate . It's a worthy cause . 
TODAY is my birthday . I have only one wish : please donate to stop child pornography !!! http://apps.facebook.com/causes/birthdays/334539?m=468f1348 
TODAY is my birthday . I have only one wish : please donate to stop child pornography !!! http://apps.facebook.com/causes/birthdays/334539?m=9d55c687 
Hey guys ! Sorry it took me so long to say this but THANK YOU SO MUCH to those who accknowleged my birthday . I had no idea I had so many people that loved me . I love you guys too :) 
' s thoughts are leaning toward pringles a the moment ... 
just realized that she doesn't have a date for a wedding ... is this bad ? Oh dear . 
went to the most amazing wedding today . < PROPFEMALE >!- You were gorgeous ! and Both of You ! - I'm so excited for you guys !!!! 
numnumnumnumnumnum ... fooooooooood .... I loooooove you . * Sigh * 
ACTING PEOPLE : I have a producer wanting a Spanish speaking actor . No Southern accent . Any takers ?... 
ACTING PEOPLE : Seriously , the commercial shoot is next week . If you can speak Spanish , can do the shoot , and want to get in contact with the producer I need you to let me know asap . 
Wants to go to Shake in Tha Park :(((( 
NEED A JOB ?! I have one for you . Please FACEBOOK ME FOR A JOB :D 
is goin ' to Carthage for a couple o ' days !! So if you text me and I don't text back , it isn't because I don't love you .. of course I do !! It's cuz I got nooooo service . Not even a bar . Can everyone say yay boonies ? YAY BOONIES !!! 
Ok , so the service thing now doesn't matter anyways because I kinda left my phone at home . Oops . Not like I coulda used it anyway huh ? Oh wells . :) 
had to break into her own apartment yesterday , is very sick ... again ( wtf ? ) , and is lusting after a luscious pair of plum pumps that she will never buy ( because she can't afford and really doesn't need them ... oh but they are delicious ! ) . Ha ! My life is an ADHD circus of perfection . How blessed am I ? Much more that I could ever deserve . 
loves fashion because you're using your beautiful body , no matter the size or shape , as an < PROPMALE > display . It is < PROPMALE > but better because you enhance it with your own beauty , inside and out ! 
Look at my profile pic !!!... Got it ?? Ok ... NOW COME TO THE SHOW !!! :D 
Hey guys , my show opens next weekend . I would love it if you could make it . It's my profile pic so look at that for info . Please come !!... Yes , even the Carthage peeps please . 
School : Break Me : Chill :DD 
will be in Carthage Sunday through Wednesday . If ya wanna < PROPFEMALE > lemme know ;) 
I had the most amazing day with my family ! How can God bless me so completely ? Wow . 
I'm having a great time in Colorado , but now I have to catch up on my mail !! x_x 
Also , sorry I haven't sent any pics of my hair ! Service is bad up here . 
Me as a deep redhead ?? 
I seriously need to start keeping up with my facebook . Sorry guys ! :( 
just wants to feel accepted in the department that's supposed to be her home 
Kick butt Dodgeball peeps ! 
Free pizza and drinks tonight at six . I need my college friends . Who wants to go ? 
Today is My Baby's Birthday !!! Woooooooooop !!!! Happy Birthday Sweetheart !!!!!!! 
