So after coming to the hospital lastnight with < PROPFEMALE > it still hasn't quiet hit me what's happend it probly won't till Friday when the surgury is going to happen . But I have come to the determination that hospital eggs taste like crap . 

So I'm sitting in bed unable to sleep ( go figure ) debating how much this sucks ... yet I've no comprehension of how much this must suck for < PROPFEMALE > . 
so 2 hours and counting till < PROPFEMALE>'s surgery . starting to get a bit nervous . but like I've been told a hundred times . she's in the best hands possible right now . 
About 6 ish hours into the surgery god knows how much longer ... it started to storm here . And somehow that's calming and reassuring . 
Work sux I'm still all for illegilization of no one awake before 6am . 
Draw in the sand your hurts , But carve in the stone your blessings . 
Whohoo waiting blows ... 
Snow and thunder ... wicked 
I hate it when u have to be somewhere @ a certain time , not a minute sooner ... and ur there like 15 minutes early ... that 15 minutes drags by like an hour . 
Today is a great day !... so far .... what ? I'm being optimisitic . 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour . I'm pretty sure I know the ones that will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . To honor those who have fought or are fighting cancer and those who have lost the fight .. 
Is it national cut-off a big fucking truck day ?? Did I not get a the memo ? 
According to < PROPFEMALE > I am officially a lesbian !....? 
F.Y.I. it takes a freaking long time to fill 2 120 gallon diesel tanks .... 
I been up for the last 2 1/2 hrs ... :) 
< Insert wise- morning , uplifting comment here > 
Tried a new type/flavor of coffee this am ... and might I say WHOLY CRAP IT WORKS ! 
So I've realised a peave I didn't even know I had ... when the blinker outside the truck blinks faster than/out of sync with the blinker on the dash ... only affected when I can see both . However in a semi ... that's often . 
Well this is an awesome way to start the day . Truck broke down omw to my first stop 
Awesome day just got more awesomer .... tire on the trailer blew out omw back to the warehouse . 
Ever get that feeling that no matter what happens today is going to be an awesome day ? \ 
\ 
Figured out why ... caffine overload @ 4am 
What is the purpose of being in a video game store for more than two hours , when you aren't being paid to be ??? 
Whoever said . Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life ... what's your answer to doing what you love for people you hate ? 
Sunday drivers are so slow ... they're a day late . 
Five Scottish Words of Wisdom . \ 
1 . Money cannot buy happiness but somehow , it's more comfortable to cry in a < PROPFEMALE > Benz than it is on a bicycle . \ 
2 . Forgive your enemy but remember the bastard's name . \ 
3 . Help a man when he is in trouble and he will remember you when he is in trouble again . \ 
4 . Many people are alive only because it's illegal to shoot them . \ 
5 . Alcohol does not solve any problems , but then neither does milk . 
stupid people are stupid- if i tell you your crooked in the dock . and i cant back in . your response should not be . no im not crooked , they're unloading the truck . 
also . if the back of a grocerystore says not a through street . dont be suprised when you try to cut through behind the store , and you cant get through because semis are blocking the path . 
They call me ... \murderer of tires \"" 
So awesome day gets more awesomer ( yes I know how that sounds and its awesome ) busted another trailer tire . 
My only regret is that I put no whiskey in my coffee this morning ... 
That awkward moment you grab something . But feel something on your finger , look and don't see anything . Only to realize what you put your hand through to grab said object was a spiderweb . 
My fiance is addicted to chapstick ... 
