Just finished The Shack by < PROPMALE > . < PROPFIRST > Young ... WOW , what an intense book . I recomended it to ANYONE . 

will have worked 80+ hours by the time the Friday work day has ended . 
Ahhh the weekend , at last some rest 
Just had a Great visit with my favorite aunt and favorite cousins . 
is batching concrete all night long ... 
is still batching concrete 
I am so done with this week . Glad it's over ... 
Had two baptism at church today , one more this evening , God is good and is at work in people's lives . Amen 
The winds of change ... they are a blowin ... not real sure of what God has in store but I know for sure it will be His Will ... not mine . 
is looking forward to Financial Peace 
I am going to teach me son how to ride a bike today 
Well , within 15 minutes , my 4 year old son < PROPFIRST > was ridding a bike with no assistance from his old man . He still need a bit of help stopping and starting but he's got riding turning , and crashing down ... actually he only bit it about two times ... what 
Getting ready to do the dreaded budget ... 
We should all celebrate our independence ... while we still have it ! 
When you’re in black slacks with accentuating off white pin stripes , everything goes according to plan ... 
I managed to catch myself on fire today ... no < PROPMALE > casualities , just a few chest hairs and work shirt . I figure if I have a minor self fire several times a year it will keep me from just spontaniousley combusting one day . 
It's been a day , it's been really hard to find time to spend with my Lord this week ... maybe I should close Facebook and do just that ... 
Misses his family 
1/3 of my family is in Spokane this weekend . My son is a ring bearer in < PROPFEMALE>'s cousin's wedding . I stayed home because I get to work Sunday ( double time ) so it's just Kailey and I this weekend . This morning it's off to the Uptown Shopping Center in Ric 
What a GREAT day with Kailey . Shopping at the Uptown , bumming around the mall , boating with my friend < PROPFIRST > , and topping it all off with roasting marshmallows over a fire pit in < PROPFIRST>'s back yard . 
Is SO READY for the rest of my family to be home ... Even the sick Boy . 
MY FAMILY IS HOME !!!! YEAH !!! 
Glad my family is home but now < PROPFEMALE > is sick . I wonder who will catch < PROPFIRST>'s flu bug next . I'm glad I get to go to work today and possibly escape the plague . 
I just got back from < PROPFEMALE > Trek with my family . Continuing the < PROPFEMALE > Trek tradition with my children . My wife cried at the beginning , and my children LOVED it . I though it was the best movie I've seen all year . Very Well Done . 
is REALLY tired of delusional stupidity . It is beyond a frustrating day ! 
Some days , it's just not worth chewing through the leather straps in the morning ... 
is getting ready to go out on a date with his wife ... all right . 
is enjoying some morning Spark and getting ready for work 
I finished The Alchemyst last night and it was awesome . I recommend the series to anyone . 
just got a new iPod Classic and is Half way through The Magician in The Secrets of The Immortal < PROPMALE > Flamel Series . 
is a dd for some friends at this years boat races . I pick them up at 8am and drop them off and pick them back up ( extremely drunk ) at 5:30 . The afternoon pickup is much more interesting ... 
Finished The Magician this weekend , started The Sorceress . Drove Drunks to and from Boat Races , got paid for my efforts , took ALL my daughters shopping , My son bought < PROPFIRST > Kart for the Wii with his own money ... very pleased with himself , < PROPFEMALE > turned 
is reday for the weekend , and glad this week is over . 
5 years The Mrs. and I have been married today ... and she hasn't killed me yet so we're doing good . 
Ahhh ... Spark and peanut butter toast ... breakfast of CHAMPIONS ! 
Just got out of the Hot Tub and is NOT looking forward to another week . But I did see a LOT of elk and deer Saturday . There would have been some pictures but ... well there wasn't a working camera ... Sorry < PROPFIRST > 
I have the day off tomorrow to go to the Fair with my family . Really looking forward to the beach boys ... really 
I had a good time at the fair with my Wife , kids , Friends ( The Breslaus , The Stephens , In-Laws , Uncle Mo , < PROPFIRST > & my little brother Nik . Good times ! 
Well I just got up , wished the wife happy birthday , and thought I'd check my Facebook . Should be a good day ... 
Done with Dinner at the In-Laws for the Mrs. Birthday , only two melt downs of children today so all and all it was a good birthday for my best friend . 
AWESOME Worship Service at church this morning , good food afterward , took a nap when I got home ... the perfect Sunday 
Up early this morning ; < PROPFIRST > starting public school again , 4th grade , < PROPFEMALE > will start Homeschooling < PROPFEMALE > next week . We are also preparing < PROPFIRST > for Kindergarten next year . Apparently kindergarten requires a lot more that nap time and finger painting . So spend some time with God this morning , make breakfast for the family , do a bible study with the kids and go to work . 
Another good morning , spent some quite time with God , called to wish Kailey a good first day of Middle school , and found out the my son has HORRID morning breath . It's looking to be an awesome day . 
Home from work ... tired ... hamburger helper for dinner :) ... The boy is sick ... what an evening . 
Quiet time with the wife this morning . Very good quality time . Ready for work with 2 hours before I have to take < PROPFIRST > to school 
For those who can't afford healt care and are living here LEGALLY , we have welfair . While I was making next to nothing my children were on Medical Cupons . I was thankful ... But now that I have WORKED my way up to a good job with good benifits I'LL BE DAMNED if I'm going to pay for someone elses health care . Welfair is there for those who can't afford it to use untill they can aford it , not to live off forever . 
Keep the government OUT of our health care ... or do we want to live in a socialistic regime ? TOO MANY men and women DIED to keep this a free country ... don't bastardise thier sacrifice by bending over to the government to run our lives ... thats called communism boys and girls . 
Health care needs reformed ... but not the way our worthless leadership is attempting to do it ... Getting dangerously close to a 1984 utopia aren't we now ... watch out for the thought police . 
I wish Americans would do their homework instead of believing everything the media spoon feeds them ... 
Just because I don't agree with what a lot of you are saying ... does NOT mean the I wouldn't defend to the DEATH your right to say it . That's what makes < PROPFEMALE > great . The freedom to say what we want even thought it may not be popular or widely accepted . I may not be a < PROPFEMALE > any more ... but I still believe that we all deserve to be free to say , think , and worship how/what we want . 
Well what a weekend , I come bact to see the aftermath of the < PROPFEMALE>'s nest whacking session I left last week . Thank you to all of you who participated in my little rant . Those who questioned me and commedented on my posts I really appreciate it . I love you all even if we don't all agree on everything . Gearing up for hunting next week . REALLY EXCITED to be hunting Elk with Bow this year for the first time . 
Why do short weeks seem so long ? 
Watching the mixer spin round and round ... trying not to dump concrete on the ground ... 
11.75 hour day ... good times , at least I'm working right ? Oh well , care group tonight , 04:15 call time for work tomorrow ... who needs sleep ? 
Got to work @ 03:45 this morning , only about 287 yards so it MIGHT not be as long of a day as yesterday ... pending any < PROPMALE > disasters which is very possable ... 
had a BP&J sandwich for lunch and it was made with JAM not that horrid jelly garbage ... ;~) . String cheese , yogurt covered pretzels and some tea ... 
Almost done for the day ... working on another 12 hour marathon ... OT is good ;~) 
Nevermind about the almost done ... I'll be here till 5:15 pm ... lets see that makes a 13.5 hour day ... goodie gumdrops 
HOME AT LAST !!! 
2 more hours ... really this time it will only be 2 hours . We aren't short handed today . Two loader operators and two batch plant operators OUTSTANDING ! 
is tired ... need sleepy but have to watch < PROPMALE > ramsey ... 
is completely and utterly DONE with everything ever ... well just for tonight . 
Love not having Sunday Morning Church ... Sunday night church at Pasco First ... oh thats right it was changed ... Pasco Christan Church tonight @ 6:00 
Sunday Evening worship was AWESOME . Now to bed ... one more day till bow hunting . 
Good quiet time with The Mrs. this morning . Now to finish locating all of the articles of clothing I will need for my hunting trip tomorrow ... you know underwear , pants , shirts , that old chestnut . My poor wife will be a hunting widow all the rest of the week . 
Off to a Monday at work but it is also my Friday . Now that is a great week ... work one day get paid for 5 , OH YEAH 
Well , back at work today , Hunting was really good , no kills but a good time anyway . Will post a few pictures of the area I was in . Great views of Mt . Adams and Mt . Rainer . Can't wait to read throught all of the posts I missed . 
Home from work , Wife at Bunko , Kids at Whartons , Beef stew in crock pot ... its dinner and TV in underwear time ... oh yeah ! 
Ready for the day , looking forward to the end of the work day . 
is up ... 
My Beef Stew leaked into the bottom of my lunch box ... now EVERYTHING in my lunch box smells like beef stew : Beef stew cheese , Beef stew chocolate pudding , Beef stew peaches ... yum 
Getting ready to take < PROPFIRST > to school , then back home to get my lunch and off to work by 10:30 . 
Milk always tastes better in a mug . 
misses his wife today ? Don't want to be at work , Want to be with her ... 
Is listening to The Red Hot Chili Peppers to prepare for bed . 
Got through the dreaded BUDGET with < PROPFEMALE > , now I enjoying some tea and an English Muffin with peanut butter on it 
Just got done helping some friends lay sod , now to clean up and get the family to church pictures . 
Had to make an emergency toilet paper run this morning . In a house of three females apparently no TP is a red alert emergency . 
Our oxygen bottle on our torch set up seems to be running low on oxygen ... murphy strikes again . 
It's going to be a late night at work tonight ... 
FINALLY DONE WITH WORK ... 12.64 hour day 
Is sick ... :~( 
is still going to work , gotta get ready . 
Now that our mixer has a new hydrulic ram , it's still not working properly and to boot , a bearing is going out on our main charge belt ... stupid Murphy 
Home at last ... time for some bed time tea ... really wish I had some wheat tea lemon and whiskey , That is the BEST cold remedy . 
Getting better , ready for the weekend , but I will be working Saturday ... oh well , OT 
Worked a total of 64 hours this week ... I'm pooped ... off to < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > Lion for some live music . 
About to go cook dinner . 
< PROPFIRST > is on the bus , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are Homeschooling , < PROPFIRST > is Batman today , and I don't have to be at work for another two hours . 
Might actually get off work on time ... what a novel idea . 
Girls have A LOT of words ... 
Done with the dreaded ... BUDGET for the week , now to put some pants on . 
Had a GREAT time with friends this evening ... 
is finally starting to feel better ... 
twenty , twenty twenty twenty-four hours ago ... I wanna be sedated . Nothin to do no where to go , I wanna be sedated ; Just put me in a wheel chair and get me to the show , hurry hurry hurry , before I go go go , I con't control my fingers I can't control my toes , oh no oh no oh noooooo 
Is still in a bit of pain ... getting better though ... 
Ready for work , a mug of Spark in me , Daughter at school , wife wants computer now . 
Had some GREAT Roast Beef Stew for lunch , and is waiting for his iPod speaker to charge . 
has the best wife in the world ! She is bringing me noodles and a change of cloths for after work . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is up and dressed ... yes I even have pants on . So now to get the kids up and begin my day but first ... grape spark . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head . when you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you will be surprised at what people remember about you ... 
The wife and I went to see a free showing of The Maltese Falcon at the local theater last night . I forgot how great movies were back then . It was wonderful date night . I Love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Off to pre-birthday drinks with \The Mrs\ " @ Ice Harbor Brewing Co . Thanks < PROPMALE >!" 
Ahhhh , another year closer to another tax break , more vacation at work , retirement , and death ... 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes . It was a Wicked Awesome birthday . 
Just grounded my kids for thinking it was a good idea to turn the TV on this morning instead of getting ready for school ... 
And now here's something we hope you'll really like ... 
Thank you Veterans for what you do and have done . Let us NEVER forget that Freedom Isn't Free , it's bought with a price ... blood ; Just like out salvation . 
The tree of < PROPFEMALE > must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants . ~ Thomas < PROPMALE > . 
is laid off , schooling < PROPFEMALE > , pricing a new muffler for one of our vehicles , and looking forward to Christmas 
Well , back to work this week ... sort of a bitter sweet deal . I was sort of looking forward to having Christmas week off . But a full paycheck is always good too . God knows what He's doing , I'm glad I don't have that responsibility . 
So ... I refuse to wish everyone a happy new year ... okay happy new year 
Is ready for work , and finishing off my second cup of tea . 
Well this weekend went too fast ! Took the kids to see < PROPMALE > and The Chipmunks The Squeekquel last night and now I'm going to go investigate the odd sound our Isuzu Rodeo is making ... But first , I must put on pants . 
Fixed idler pulley on Rode's serpentine belt , no more noise , AWESOME sermon this morning , now for some down time ... oh yeah ... I did find pants . 
Just finished working out with The Mrs. , then a little God time together , now I must go on the daily search for pants that don't displease me ... some days are harder then others ... some days it's just not worth chewing through the leather straps in the morning . 
Time for bed ... and I don't have to wear pants to bed ... Oh yeah no pants time ! 
Well it's morning ... I'm trying to think of some sort of wisdom to impart to you all without the mentions of pants ... oops . To all of you a good day , my The Lord bless your way ... don't whiz on the electric fence . 
Two more days of work . Two more days that I must resist urge to loose my mind . God give me the serenity ... SERENITY NOW ! 
Just got done working out with the wife , now we are onto the budget ... then maybe some quiet time . If I can just make it through today without loosing my ever loving mind all will be right with the world ... it would be a festivus miracle . 
Laied off and still busy ... MADNESS 
Well , The Mears Clan are now the proud owners of a 2000 Dodge Durango . It has a 3rd row so we can now fit our entire family in one car , and it has 4WD so I feel safer with my wife driving in inclement conditions . God provided for us well , He is Good . 
Week three of layoffs ... beginning to go mad ... squirrels talking to me ... 
Wife is out of town for two days so it's just the kids and I . Thank the Lord for Duct Tape ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
< PROPFIRST > is at school , < PROPFEMALE > is learning science with Grandpa , and < PROPFIRST > and I will be getting new tires on the Durango this afternoon . Boys day out ! 
right on the verge , just one more dose , I'm traveling from coast to coast , my theory isn't perfect but it's close ... 
Though I've been that face before , slammed every open door , squandered once scattered beliefs , so when the waves come crashin ' in , I'll swim as the ocean swims , out with the morning tide then back for my tea . 
HE DRANK < PROPFEMALE > IN A CAN AND < PROPFIRST > DANIELS BLACK , CHEWED TOBACCO FROM A MAIL POUCH SACK , HAD AN OLD DOG THAT WAS TRAINED TO ATTACK ... SOMETIMES 
Bible study with my Father-in-law and some of our friends . We are diving into the minor prophets tonight . 
I saw a dead squirrel on the road today ... it's good to know that there are others out there fighting for The Cause . 
I'm sick now ... I hate being sick ... and I know it's because of those evil squirrels . There must have been a biological weapon in that dead one on the road ... looks like you were right after all < PROPFIRST > ... AVENGE ME ! 
Feeling better this morning ... my mixture of NyQuil and Bourbon seemed to work well . I slept like a baby and felt no discomfort ... oh come to think of it it's past 9AM .. bourbon time !! 
the eyes of the ranger are upon you , any wrong you do he's gonna see . When you're in Texas look behind you , because that's where the rangers ' ... gonna be . 
The Mears Clan is moving slow this morning ... we are so not a morning family . 
Burn Notice Tonight !!! 
I still DVR reruns of < PROPMALE > Texas Ranger 
In regards to The Force ; after throughly exploring the many sides to The Force I seem to be leaning toward the Light Side ... the whole betrayal ideal of the Sith do not appeal to me . But this is still up for debate . I sense much confusion in me about The Force . 
Does the Dark side represent the world and the Light side represent The Way ... or is it the other way around ? 
~~~~ Jedi ~~~~ 
I brought the key back to my wife then she and I worked out together . Now off to buy her a new pair of shoes . 
Back to work today ! AT Last ! 
Okay , so I changed my profile picture ... again . My wife is happy ( which is all that REALLY matters ) and I hope all of my facebook friends are happy ... except for those of you who could care less what my profile pic is ... much love to you . 
Oh , by the way ... for anyone who cares I am back to work ... finally ! 
Just got back from < PROPFIRST>'s birthday party at McDonalds ... Pictures to come . 
Well I'm off to Wal-Mart to buy batteries for my son's new light saber , the TV remotes and back-up batteries for the Wii remotes . I should own stock in Duracell . 
Wel just got back from a birthday party with my son . There was a clown and everything ... Now he is napping before we go see MONSTER TRUCKS !!!! 
MONSTER TRUCKS WERE AWESOME !!!! 
Ahhhh it's Friday ... well that's about it . 
Went to descend to amend for a friend all the channels that had broken down , now you bring it up , I'm gonna ring it up , just to hear you say out loud . -RHCP 
NASCAR was great today ! < PROPMALE > better have a few more races like today if he wants to keep < PROPMALE > Busch at bay . 
Took the kids to see Diary of a Wimpy Kid . Really a good movie . < PROPFIRST > got all the books for Christmas from Grandma Mears now the whole family is wanting to read the second one . 
Hump day ... I'm having tea in my Batman mug to make it through . 
So The Boy broke his wrist , broke it so bad that he had to have emergency surgery tonight . He came through surgery fantastically and is currently sleeping . We will be out of the Hospital tomorrow ... or today I guess . Thank you all for your prayers , and for those of you who didn't know ... now you do . This is the first moment I have had to sit down and rest a spell . 
The Mrs. is sleeping , The boy is sleeping but I just can't let myself rest . Feel like I have to watch over my family , although the recliner in this hospital room is quite comfey . 
UPDATE ON THE BOY : Dr. should be in sometime this morning ; Rumor is if he can walk by himself , pee by himself , and eat solid food he can go home . So far he has met ALL of those criteria . So things are looking up except they still have him on the morphine . His pain is still coming in waves and hurting a lot . I can't believe my 5 year old is on Morphine . 
Well we are home and the wife and boy are in bed . Thanks again to all of you who kept us in your thoughts and prayers . 
Just had a great dinner brought to us by < PROPMALE > Splattstoesser and < PROPFEMALE > Bowman Splattstoesser . Thank you so much ! 
I am still in search of a particular Red Hot Chili Peppers Record at a good price . I only need three more albums to complete my collection . 
Went shopping for Easter outfits for the family . Went to Old Navy and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > after a great dinner at Red < PROPFIRST > . Good family time . 
is almost ready to head out the door to work . 
I am wearing pants today 
is home from work and the pants are now off . 
new phone plan ... I now have the ability to text ... 
< PROPFEMALE > 53:5 But He was pierced through for our transgressions , He was crushed for our iniquities ; The chastening for our well-being fell upon Him , And by His scourging we are healed . 
Just sent back < PROPFIRST > Cash : American Recording VI : Aint ' No Grave record to Amazon.com because it was NOT a 180 gram pressing as I was led to believe . Gotta have that heavy vinyl ... what can I say , I'm an audiophile . 
In memory of a 19 yr . old < PROPFEMALE > buried today , and countless others who have given this country their lives !! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyone’s status . Please do this ... in memory of ... all fallen soldiers !! Semper Fi Devil ! 
There are some things in this world that are better left unsaid ... apparently the status of my pants are on of them . It's an unfortunate set of circumstances really . 
< PROPFEMALE > is on her way to Spokane to take < PROPFIRST > to her post ear operation check up . I'm getting to head to work . TGIF ! 
Waitting for a table at Applebee's . I love the terror in the hostess ' eyes when she asks how many and I say , 6 ... 4 kid menus 
is listening to Dropkick Murpheys 
3,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA & 17,000 in IL . New Jersey & FL are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries as well . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our children get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers , copy & paste this to your status , and don't forget the sign language interpreters . 
Hump day ... everyone take luck out there . Just keep looking forward to that grape snow cone ( or < PROPFEMALE > ) at the end of the week . 
The eagle has landed ... but the squirrels are afoot ... dispatch the wombats to secure a perimiter and take out the vultures ... over 
is not ready for another week 
is listing to Red Hot Chili Peppers By The Way album on vinyl while < PROPFIRST > is working hard at not working on her school work ... ahhh parenthood 
oooh ... it's time to turn the record over 
Is attending a Richland School district Home Link informational meeting 
Ahh the awkward clap ... when one person starts it and only about a third of the people join in . 
I hate it when I have gas in a room of a lot of people ... okay actually I love it ! Let the crop dusting begin ! Ha ha ha ha !!! 
The Boy gets his cast off today . 
Well < PROPFEMALE > Clum Mears and < PROPFEMALE > leaves for CIY Believe today , leaving < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and I to our own devices tonight and all day tomorrow . I'm thinking < PROPFEMALE > Wars movie night (<PROPFIRST>'s request ) , a visit to Adventures Underground , and possibly attempt to take over the world . 
is celebrating No Pants day !!! 
Went to Kailey's band concert tonight . I remember when I was in middle school band ... sort of . 
Well it's Friday ... < PROPFEMALE > is on her way to Spokane with a very discontent < PROPFIRST > for another follow up appointment for her ear surgery . So I will be waking the other two members of my brood up shortly to take them to grandma and grandpas while I go to work . 
Saturday Morning ! 2 out of 4 children are up and we are watching Spiderman ... And tonight is < PROPFEMALE > Trek Night . Oh yeah . 
Okay ... I'm sending out an SOS here . My phone has decided that most of it's buttons are not going to work anymore . So if there is anyone out there who has a Verizon phone with keyboard they no longer use I'd be willing to buy it from you as I am currently without phone . 
Another Saturday ... off to donate platelets at the Red Cross . 
Going to the hot tub with The Mrs. .. oh yeah 
Thank you Veterans , past and present for giving all for the freedoms we take for granted . God bless you and your families . 
\The tree of < PROPFEMALE > must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
Good morning ... off to work I go . 
On a scale of 1-10 this day rated about a -12 . I'm glad it's over ... would really like a beer or 4 
Well it's Friday ... thats about it . Had some good quiet time this morning , had a bagel with strawberry cream cheese on it , not I'm killing time before I have to take < PROPFIRST > to school and go to work . 
three more hours till I'm officially off for the weekend . Three LONG hours . 
Done with work , done with this week , just done in general . 
Well today there is a graduation party , and I'm suppose to pick up my daughter sometime . 
cannot do anything right this weekend ... I quit 
Ready for another week ... another fun filled work week . 
is making cream of wheat for the family ... good times 
is about to ascend to the top of the silos and enjoy my weekly birds eye view of the Tri-Cities . 
Done with this week !!! Now for some R&RWP ... Thats Rest & Relaxation Without Pants . 
Helped my friend lay sod this morning ... now to put the almost sick boy down for a nap and follow suit myself . 
Went to see Karate Kid with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Clum Mears , and < PROPFEMALE > Clum . I was pleasantly surprised . It was a very good movie . 
is watching Ghostbusters 2 with < PROPFIRST > who is nursing a bad head ache from her almost concussion . 
So I am finally watching Fringe ... AWESOME ! 
is sitting next to my cousin < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Rayl having nice conversation and good company . It's been too long , good to see you Cuz 
As the week comes to a close I will reflect on the many moments of introspection I've had these past 5 days ... well now that that's done on to better things like ... having an introspective moment about the reflection I just had on my past introspective moments . 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek : TNG with my son . 
Put The Boy to bed and am now watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek ( 2009 ) ... again . 
Is taking my family to see Toy Story 3 today ... in 3D 
I finished the series Firefly last night and watched the movie Serenity . What an outstanding movie and series . I can't believe it only survived one season . 
Sent three of my four children to camp this morning ... it will be a quiet week . 
How many of us really know all of the people on our friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how you met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this can really be 9 hours from now !... Seriously , leave a comment ... this could be fun 
The house is strangely quiet without my daughters ... at least I still have my Boy and my wonderful wife . Love you < PROPFEMALE > Clum Mears 
I said i was distiguished and my wife laughed at me ... 
Had a great dinner with The Mrs. and The Boy at < PROPFEMALE > Garden . 
Sometimes you just need to listen to the Red Hot Chili Peppers 
thinks his wife is the best thing since blow dart guns 
Is currently wearing pants ... yeah me . 
Watched When in Rome and Edge of Darkness this evening with his wonderful wife < PROPFEMALE > Clum Mears . Both were good movies . 
is sick ... just a small cold but big enough to make most ordinary tasks in life moderatley miserable . 
is perpetually wrong ... and getting use to it . 
Well it's been a day ... 
is running loader today ... and has been since 3:00 am this morning 
I have officially been at work for 12 hours ... 2 to go . 
Im off work ... at last ... baby im comming home 
On the loader again ... should only be a 12 hour day today ... 
3:50 am call time tomorrow morning ... off to bed for me . +13 hour day tomorrow ... hooray for over time . 
My oldest daughter is officially a teenager today ... 
So I had a great time with my family I haven't seen in a long time today . My sisters < PROPFEMALE > Herrera , < PROPFIRST > Bosman , and a brother-in-law < PROPFIRST > Herrera . It was great to see you guys and I look forward to more visits like today's . 
Like my wife < PROPFEMALE > Clum Mears I too will be giving up facebook for this week . Pastor < PROPMALE > Rodgers challenged us to give something up for a week and spend time in the Word in place of what we gave up . So , I will see you all in 7 days facebook family . 
99% of teenagerswould cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Beiber standing up on top of a skyscraperabout to jump . If you're the 1% sitting there with popcorn & 3Dglasses screaming '' D0 A BARREL ROLL!'' , copy and paste this as your status 
00000010000001100000010000111100000110001000011110000 
Just watched Inception ... it was face meltingly awesome ! 
Kickin it at a pampered chef party ... hollaaaa . 
feeling stabby ... yes stabby . Going to take the boy out for a drink ... and then stab stuff . 
For the record ... Hoptober is AMAZING ! Very good beer 
The anesthetic never set in and I'm wondering where The apathy and urgency is that I thought I phoned in It's not so pleasant . And it's not so conventional It sure as hell ain't normal But we deal , we deal 
Off to run the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Fair 5K Fun Run with my wife < PROPFEMALE > Clum Mears . It's been since the Marines since I've run 3+ < PROPMALE > . My best time was 20:10 ( as a smoker ) , lets see what this old Devil Dog has left in him ... 
I finished with a time of 31:42 , My wife finished with 45:20 
So < PROPFEMALE > Clum Mears and I finished disc 3 of season one of Fringe last night and are pretty sure is one of out top three favorite shows ... well I am and I know she likes it . It is just good TV . 
The Fair ... makes me want to Stab people ... a lot , but only sometimes . Today was a good day ... mostly . The kids are having a great time and are looking forward to showing their goats tomorrow @ 09:00 
Mears kids are showing their goats at 9:00 am sharp next to the goat barn 
So , Here is the final standings on The Mears Kids at the fair ;\ 
< PROPFIRST > : Grand Champion - Breed ; Reserve < PROPMALE > Champion showmanship in her class , and blue ribbons for all her events\ 
Michelle : Special Award from Judge due to difficult attitude of her goat ; blue ribbons for all of her events , and her goat took second to < PROPFIRST>'s Grand Champion in Breed . \ 
All in all not bad for my kid's FIRST time showing ... HOLLA ! 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status , word for word , and see if they notice 
Crop dusting in wal-mart ... oh yeah ! 
When I see people making out in the isle at wal mart ... I want to stab them , that way they'll have a reason to hold on to each other ... 
Anyone who likes good music ... check out < PROPFIRST > Beebe & The Crooks I saw three of the seven piece band at the Fair . They are awesome , bought their CD and the full band is amazing . Highly recomended ... they're a Washington band to boot so ltes give em some support . 
Gonna start growing the beard ... 
Noooooooo Fuuugoooo ! 
My tummy is making the rumblies ... 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are on disc 5 of season 1 of Fringe and it just keeps getting better and better ... Hands down this is our Generation of The X-Files and by far the Best Show on Television ... followed closley by Burn Notice 
Hate eating alone ... out of town ... missing my family . Hopefully this place has good food ... perhaps a piece of pie after dinner . I'll keep everyone posted . 
< PROPMALE > was OUTSTANDING ! Now for a piece of peach pie with ice cream . 
Pie was ... pretty good . Now back to the motel ... 
It's all one big conspiracy !!!! ALL OF IT !!! The squirrels , the government , the chicken smugglers . But I do want to shout out to the troops ... my former brothers in arms . They are the one who are forgotten in this endless debate in the name of Homeland Security . Semper Fi 
Miss my wife and kids today . Work is taking too long . 
So < PROPFEMALE > Clum Mears and I have finished the first season of Fringe . WOW !!! I totally called the grave stone being < PROPFIRST > but I want to know what came through when < PROPFIRST > plucked < PROPFIRST > out ! Can't wait for Netflix to get me season two ! 
has obtained a new appreciation and respect for metal ... Thanx ZAN !!! 
Just watched Casablanca again ... one of the greatest movies EVER !!! 
when all of a sudden , i am unaware of these aflictions eclipsed by < PROPFEMALE > , and i realize just how wonderful you are ... 
on a date with the mrs. life is good ! 
Man Of The Hour was outstanding tonight . Way to go , you guys rocked !!! 
Ahhhh Tuesday ... we meet again . Let the madness ensue and I will indeed conquer you once more with my blade . 
well i conquered tuesday and left it beeding ... but just as i let my guard down wednesday puts on the sneak attack and stabs me in the back !!! STUPID WEDNESDAY !!! 
Wednesday is soundly defeated . I'm now sharpening the blade for Thursday's surprising yet inevitable betrayal 
sleep is a crutch for the week minded ... when you sleep , thats when the squirrels attack ! 
got my voter's pamphlet yesterday , and my ballot today ... I just voted , God Bless < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Sometimes I wish I could upload desired knowledge into my brane like in The Matrix . I'd be cool with installing an interface plug into th base of my brain if it meant that I could just point and click my way to new knowledge . 
Yes , the < PROPFEMALE > pigs fly at midnight - but do not listen to them , they speak only lies and treachery . 
Okay , so < PROPFEMALE > and I just finished season 2 of fringe and I am completely disappointed in the plot twist of the switched Olivias . From a show that has stayed away from cliche plot twists for so long why drop the ball now ? So , I am ready to boycott this season unless someone can give me a good reason to keep watching or let me know how many episodes until the Olivias are back to where they belong . 
~ discontent ~ 
Just watched this season of Fringe's season premier ( DVR Thanx ) and is officially boycotting Fringe until the writers can pull their heads out of their back sides and fix this stupid < PROPFEMALE > twist . My wife is still into the show so she will keep me appraised of any pertinent information pertaining to the primary plot while I am on my stupid writer sabbatical . 
Had a great time visiting with my friends < PROPMALE > Ben-Zekry and < PROPFEMALE > Ben-Zekry , then came home and was disgusted with Fringe season premier but have a wonderful wife < PROPFEMALE > Clum Mears , who understands my madness and is willing to tolerate my intolerance for substandard television . 
found mellow yellow at big lots ... score ! 
Ahhhhh the weekend ... should be a good one . 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ... for those of my friends who didn't post a birthday message , I will find you and unleash my squirrel army upon your house . 
Will miss his wife and family for the next two days ... off to Spokane I go . 
So , it's been a while since I've actually posted on facebook . Normally I use it as a voyeur tool to anonymously see what all my friends are up to , and truth be told some of you post way too much stuff way too often . But I do enjoy the randomness that is my news feed . I hope everyone is blessed this Christmas season and I wish you all a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy new year . 
NO PANTS !!!! 
WHAT IS THIS NUMBER THING ?!?! 
It was on my wife's status and I liked it ... Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . Consider the source and imagine what I will send you . 
doodoo butter 
so im now twittering ... follow me ¡joshuamears ... if what i do during my day intrests you ... i will follow those who follow me 
my wife is a sock thief ... 
Got a lot of stuff moved tonight ... but we have a lot more to go . My wife < PROPFEMALE > Clum Mears make a great team . Love you baby ! 
Sometimes I think it would be nice to live in a straight jacket ... in a padded room 
Just want to thank all of our friends who came to help us move . You all rock and we are so blessed to call you all friends 
From the ashes of the mustache ... the beard emerges triumphant 
I don't wanna work ... I just want to bang on the drum all day ... 
????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Daughters Week ! If you have beautiful Daughter that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold her in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
\ 
I have 3 ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Mears , Kailey , and < PROPFIRST > 
Likes to eat cheese with ants on top . 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Hall ... your face book hack kept me guessing about the comments to my phone all day . 
I just heard the theme from rainbow unichorn attack playing in sun mart ... i wanted to dash 
last night i stayed up watching twilight and eating popcorn ! GO TEAM < PROPMALE > ! 
has the world's best wife , I owe everything to her ! 
I personally believe in Jesus Christ . 
My son is 6 today ... I'm old today ... we are going to monster trucks for his birthday ! 
Got new work boots ... yes this is a big deal . 
I RANTED to the knave and fool , \ 
But outgrew that school , \ 
Would transform the part , \ 
Fit audience found , but cannot rule\ 
My fanatic heart . \ 
I sought my betters : though in each\ 
Fine manners , liberal speech , \ 
Turn hatred into sport , \ 
Nothing said or done can reach\ 
Out of Ireland have we come . \ 
Great hatred , little room , \ 
Maimed us at the start . \ 
I < PROPFEMALE > from my mother's womb\ 
A fanatic heart . \ 
-- WBY 
The smell of corned beef and cabbage fills my home ... my lovely wife is making her famous St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day Feast . You are the Best < PROPFEMALE > Clum Mears !!! I love you lots ! 
Enjoying some my froyo with my < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
is sitting the movie theater with my wonderful daughters who took me to see The Adjustment Bureo and paid for goodies ... I'm a spoiled dad 
Enjoying the men's no pants weekend watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek with < PROPFIRST > and Baxter 
So , for breakfast < PROPFIRST > said that fried cheese quesadillas sounded good so thats what we had . Now for lunch we are putting a spin on an old favoite of mine . Instead of < PROPMALE > & Cheese with a hamburger < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > thought < PROPMALE > & Cheese with bacon would go well together . I'll let you all know how it turned out . No girls to tell us that that's not an acceptable choice for lunch . 
For anyone who was wondering , < PROPMALE > & cheese with bacon is AMAZING . I recomend it to anyone looking for a quick heart attack , it's a good think < PROPFIRST > knows CPR . He had to revive me twice during the meal . 
YAY !!! The wife and daughters are home . Missed them ... but I will miss < PROPMALE > & Cheese with bacon too . 
