Happy New Years all ! Hope you're spending it with more friends than I am ! 

I had to work this one out of my system : Puns are punishing punishment . 
The only part I hate about cold weather is getting out of bed , but that's solved easily enough . 
3 hours of sleep does not aid the ability to perform trigonometry , let alone write creatively . 
Trigonometry Quiz , work history , finding a job ? None of that occupies my mind more than the Mystic Power Trio Band ! Francois the vampire on drums , < PROPMALE > the wendigo on bass ( and any other instrument ) and Jock the werewolf doing lead guitar and vocals . Rockin'! 
So , it may be really really bad for me , but I can't stop reading TV Tropes ... help ..? 
On my mind : Animaniacs . Some how , some way , I must watch that show again . In it's entirety . 
I really really hate solving purely theoretical problems with no actual < PROPFIRST > for trigonometry . Yet , I really really enjoy it also . This has led me to realize , I am a masochist for math ( and quite shocked by it also ) . 
Same seas , same storms , same currents , and same winds , but many different boats . 
In light of recent computer related events , I am now starting \Isaac's New Computer Fund\ " . This will hopefully not interfere with my \ " Live through Summer Fund \"." 
Ommmm . I love trigonometry , I love trigonometry . Ommmm . I love trigonometry , I love trigonometry . ( repeat as needed ) 
We have all lost family , friends , or loved ones ............. Today is the International Day against cancer . In memory of those who lost the battle against cancer and for all who fought and won or continue to fight to win . 
Reasons I can't sleep : Sinuses , Plenty of Not-So-Great sleep yesterday , and the cramp in the muscle under the left side of my jaw from yawning . Seriously . Muscle cramp . In the jaw . From yawning . 
I am feeling much better thanks to 10 hours of comfortable sleep , quiet neighbors , and what probably was nice weather . 
Earthquake News from Around the Globe : 7.0 in Japan , and an 8.3 in Chile . California , beware . 
Watching weird movies you've never heard about that shock your frontal lobes should be indulged in at least once a month . 
3 out of 4 of my classes I can study for . I'm prepared for those . Now I just have to figure out how to explain why I have written nothing new for Creative Writing . Or maybe I'll just buy cookies . 
Those department store customer cards are merely just another tool used by the government to keep track of people and determine when they are a potential danger . Then , well , we all know what happens then , don't we ? 
7 steel strings and 3 holes in my hands later , and the guitar a friend has lent me now sounds like a guitar . The bleeding was worth it :) 
The first step to learning guitar is not the notes , nor the chords , or even learning to play to a beat . The first step to learning guitar is ignoring the pain and convincing your fingers that they can bend in those ways . Class dismissed . 
I get worried when I check my bank account balance , and notice that my budget seems to be working better than I thought . 
Thinking back on it , I am surprised Pres Bush ( #2 ) didn't use G.I. < PROPFIRST > as a precedent for the war on terror 
To be , or not to be , that is the question . Or a part . The other part is : to be , or not to be , what ?! 
Murphy's Law is inevitable and inviolate . Should you state that something is going extremely well and then do nothing to ensure that it continues to do so , Murphy shall pay you a visit . Second , and related , when you make payment agreements over the phone , triple check exactly what you are agreeing to . 
Okay , I can now officially say it : TVTropes.org is bad for doing anything constructive . It's also really really really funny and inspiring . 
I catch myself wondering if the so called decline in < PROPFEMALE > is not due to any event more singular than that there is nowhere else for < PROPFEMALE > ns to expand to . 
Happy Pi Day everyone ! If you or anyone you know is feeling a little irrational , just give it till tomorrow where the prime factors of the date are merely 2 , 3 and 5 . 
Happy Ides of March all ! Or , as I like to call it , \Just Because You're Paranoid Does Not Mean You're Wrong\ " Day . " 
\If I had a million dollars I'd buy you a house - but not a real wood house that's cruel . \"" 
Yay ! My math classes finally useful for something outside of the classroom ! True , I might have only applied it to a game so far , but I finally see the light . 
Sometimes I wonder why businesses were so surprised that people were pirating music , video and ideas over the World Wide Web through the Internet . The Internet became what it is today through an act of piracy and treason . 
Just heard from my little sister < PROPFEMALE > , and she's 4 days from finishing boot for the Army . Good thing to hear :) 
A sword without a sheath is only half as useful . Without a sheath there is no way to easily < PROPFEMALE > it , leaving a person walking with it only one hand for any other task . It remains constantly at risk from elements and a danger to those around it . A sheath can even be a second weapon to fend off attackers . It can proclaim the responsibility , status and wealth of those who it accompanies . It is never passive . 
Got my check today . Went to deposit it after hours , but the atm ate my card . On the walk home , almost got run over by an Aston < PROPFIRST > . My only question is , what do I do with this necklace I found on the sidewalk ? It's not too expensive looking , only a gold chain with a < PROPFEMALE > pendant on it that can't be more than 2 karats . Mysteries of the world 
You don't really own anything unless you can < PROPFEMALE > it running flat out . 
... I'm talking to myself at night - Because I can't forget - Back and forth through my mind - Behind a cigarette ... 
I have come to the conclusion that painting with a perfectionist attitude is not a study in < PROPMALE > , but rather a study in masochism . 
Nothing tastes quite so good as a pizza delivered hot and fresh to your front door when you're starving and the cupboard is bare . 
Dexter : Defender of the innocent with his tool kits of Justice in a smashing leather longcoat . 
2 seasons down , 2 to go . Normally I am not an advocate for alcohol outside of meals , but I think this show needs a bottle of wine . Perhaps a nice red . 
Lesson Learned Today : It pays to be nice to the people who deliver food to your door . Thank you , my friend , for the free Mt . Dew . 
Leading cause of my headache today : impulsively attending a political party rally . Most often said phrase at said rally : \Wait . What did they just say ?! \"" 
I am headache free today ! Rejoice ! I know I am . 
Most of the time I listen to my good sense . Every now and then though , I have to leave it chained in the basement . 
I never appreciated exactly how big of a company Intel Corporation is until I started looking at business reports . 
I should have learned by now that I should NOT write a research paper on a topic I find interesting when I only have to achieve a vague objective with the paper . So now I sit here , a couple weeks of research completed and not a single line written . Did I mention that this paper is 1/8th of my grade for the class ? 
I'm so proud of myself ! I discovered a new way to enjoy being sick ! All you have to do is experience one debilitating symptom at a time . If you love being ill , then this is the way to make every illness count . However , I hate being sick . 
I declare myself fully recovered from my illness ! Thanks to 12 hours of uninterrupted sleep , awesome weather for the past few days , and friends for contributing to my full recovery . 
Realization 1 : I should wait till I take the class in the fall to learn programming . Realization 2 : I should build a cheap computer that I don't mind crashing for that class . 
Waking up with the most awesome idea for a painting does me no good if I don't have the skill to actually paint it , which I don't . 
It's always a little sad when I decide on a course of study , and then realize that a company I would like to work for is hiring people with the skills I am looking to learn . The sad part is that when I am certified in those skills , those positions will be filled . 
Finding $10 on the side of the road always improves a person's day , no matter how well off or flat broke they are . When you're broke though , you need that $10 . 
Nothing beats listening to an internet radio dj named DJ Silverpixie . If for nothing else than the name . 
A liter of Mt . Dew , two days , 15 pages and half a pack of cigarettes to Chicago ... uhm , I mean , finish my creative writing project . And I'm wearing sunglasses . 
I have rediscovered the secret to writing a good story : never , ever , let logic get in the way of a good story . 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . It's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer some point in our lives . 
I should stop believing that I can think in a calm , logical , rational manner after reaching a certain point of exhaustion . At this point , I should also just stop typing anything that others can see . Like this . Goodnight all ! 
I just made/ate the most perfect sandwich I have ever created . I think today is going to be a great day . 
I've had roadblocks , writing blocks , and even Lego blocks , but now for the first time I am suffering from a math block . I read it , I understand it , and when I go to apply it nothing makes sense . Kill me now . 
Come one , come all ! FREE Open Mic at the < PROPFIRST > N . Marks < PROPMALE > Gallery located on the College of the Desert campus in palm Desert . Tonight only , starting at 7PM . FREE Bands , FREE refreshments , and original literary works by CoD Creative Writers . \ 
\ 
-- Yes , I will be reading a sample of my work . \ 
*--* May not want to bring children . High possibility of strong language and/or graphic content . *--* \ 
Thank you ! 
Memory is a fickle , mercurial thing . Knowledge is based on memories of observation and thought . Thus , knowledge is built upon a foundation that has no support . 
I salute stunt people for making the impossible possible , and the SFX crews for making it look cool . However , some time I would like to see three things be feasible : gadgets , plot , and location . 
Tonight I bend my mind to the questions that have been plaguing me . Questions about relationships , the nature of love and the different perspectives everyone has on life . To aid me in my quest , I believe I shall find some font of wisdom , preferably in a liquid form . 
I wrote a story . For a month and a half . It was junk . I analyzed , I discovered , I applied lessons learned . Now , I can write what I meant to write in the first place . And that feels good . 
5 Days of studying , 10 pages of writing , then 2 Tests on Monday , 1 Party Tuesday night , and I am done with this semester . Wow . 
I had a good lunch . I am satisfied . Yet I am now hungry again because I got into a discussion with friends about good food . Ahhh , torture by salivation . 
Finals week has started today , and for me the thinking portion of my Finals ends today as well . Comp Sci this morning , Trig this afternoon , make my final piece pretty and printed for Writing tomorrow night . And for once this semester , I'm not even stressed . 
Creative writing paper almost ready for turn in . A dozen pages of some of the funnest writing I have done in years . While it is not complete yet , I don't think what I chose to write about can ever be competed . But I am happy with it . Now just to format , print , collate , and make pretty . 
Finals are over , completed , done , finished . That means this semester is finished . Now it's just a couple weeks wait to see how poorly I did in all my classes . However , I am fairly confident I passed all my classes . Fairly confident . 
Just found out I Aced my Trigonometry final , which apparently also means I aced the class , straight from my professor . I have now officially gone from feeling \good\ " to feeling \ " pretty damned good \"." 
I believe that an education is of inestimable value . Books , those repositories of knowledge and wisdom , should be passed on to the next generation . If the school's going to pay me for them , all the better . 
Apparently summer is here ( or close enough ) because I think 32c is pleasantly warm . Anything above 37c is still hot though . 
Happy Memorial Day all . 
The only thing a person can is what is writ upon their nature to do . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Just don't understand the appeal in his music . 
Spending the weekend watching my type of tournament live on the internet . So if I don't answer a phone call , return a text , or respond to here , something cool happened . 
I am done with music . Finished . My brain just simply does not work that way . I could list all the specific reasons , but the list really is just too long . 
Sometimes it's hard to tell what you're going to get with a movie . Sometimes , though , you realize you should set a different bar for your expectations , like when you notice that < PROPFIRST > Madsen and < PROPFIRST > Carradine are the stars . 
If a ' religion ' is defined to be a system of ideas that contains unprovable statements , then Gödel taught us that mathematics is not only a religion , it is the only religion that can prove itself to be one . \ —John Barrow ; reposted from random site during late night web-surfing " 
Step 2 of my sign complete . All that painstaking lettering is now completely covered in one shade of paint , and never to see the light of day again . Now , just 3 more steps to complete . 
For those who believe violence solves nothing , read history . 
I love California . Despite other places I have been , people I've known and natural disasters ( or lack thereof ) I've seen , Cali is still where I feel most comfortable and alive . 
Week 1 of class done today , whew . Looking forward to swimming every day this weekend , but such hopes were dashed by the signs stating , \Pool and Spa Closed for Maintenance . -Management\ " . Oh well . Guess that just leaves more time for homework . " 
Loneliness is often discounted as being just an occasional happenstance of fate , and not one of the ruling factors in how people live their lives . 
Existence is what fates make fun of , and the reality of it is what people spend their lives trying to deny . 
You are never in a position of power if someone is holding a gun to your head . Never . 
Life isn't serious and life isn't fun . Life is just serious and life is just fun . All these are true , all the time , simultaneously . 
A test on quadratics , slopes , distance and more oh my ! 
Every person has things they want . Some of these they know , and know they can get . Some of these they don't know they want , but they could get . Other things they know they want , but don't know they can get . And then there's the things they want , but have absolutely no clue if it's even feasible to get them , and so sit there hoping for success yet dreading the fall , so they never reach across that last little gap . 
You know , because you need to know . Like one of those old < PROPFIRST > Bond films . 
I am amazed at how a work out , shower and shave at the end of the week can make me feel so much better . 
I see skies of blue , and clouds of white . The start of the day , the end of the night . And I think to myself , ' Why can't I sleep ? ' 
Happy Fourth of July all , the day that the colonies expressed their intent not to be under British rule any longer . 
I miss rain , green , and fog . When I'm in the rain , green , and fog I miss heat , sand , and the lonely expanses . One day I'll find the right place . 
The good news : It seems like the advice from a doctor I know worked , and my ear infection has cleared up . The bad news : It seems it has cleared right up into a sinus infection . 
Did the last worrisome test for my class today . Now the rest of this summer class is all trig , which means I have almost no reason to go anymore . Hello summer . 
Things I have learned over the years I should do consistently , but still don't: 
I have learned only one thing about life so far , and that is that being alive will kill you . So don't take life so seriously , it all leads to the same place ( or places depending on your beliefs or philosophies ) in the end . 
Got my copy of Starcraft II , and am installing it . Unfortunately , I already have one issue with this game : where's my hard copy < PROPMALE > ? Unit tables ? Even a default hot key list ? It just feels weird not having anything to read about the game play while installing the game . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can ......... raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
$ 157,575 . That is the MSRP of a car I would like to own . Of course , this is without factoring in even how much it costs to run per year , or even insurance . So ... anyone got about $250k they would like to just give me ? 
Thank you , to all my friends . You guys really do help a lot . Remember , I will buy you cake . The good stuff too . 
I seem to have \Scarborough Fair\ " stuck in my head . At least it's a decent a song this time . " 
Dejected , rejected , and thinking about ejecting . 
I think my GPU just got into a tug-of-war with my CPU over RAM space ... Time to upgrade this hunk of not-quite-junk I think . 
There is your life , then there's my life . Your life involves life handing you a bunch of problems . My life involves me being my own problem . You look for love and happiness because you know it's out there for you while I know that I can never truly have either . Do not confuse my life for being yours , please . 
An ear infection , a stomach condition , 35 hours until my math final in a class that I have a very poor attendance record for and am I feeling any better ? Less pain , muddier thoughts , no ability to focus . Yup , I should be fine . 
2 Burnt out Fans : Replaced . 1 New Graphics Card ( because that also fried ): Done . Price : Worth it . 
Things done today : Dishes . This has been a successful day . 
14 hours of sleep last night . I guess my body just got fed up with my interference and set about to healing itself the old fashioned way . Man , do I feel a lot better after that . 
Just curious how many people remember < PROPFIRST > y < PROPFIRST > , because I find it funny seeing where he is now . 
Non oil powered cars : Good Idea . Battery powered cars : Not Practical . Solar Cars : Still Not Practical . Hydrogen Power : Freaky , but probably the most practical . Public Transport : No way to please everyone . My opinion : We need to rebuild our way of doing business and moving about our lives . 
I've given up on ever having meaningful conversation with anyone that can actually lead to the bettering of the world I think . Or else I'm really tired and the Internet has gotten to me . 
I think I am going to perform a bit of an experiment . This experiment will last an undefined amount of time and it is just simply to gather information . \ 
I will no longer chat with friends on Facebook . I will no longer hold conversations via text message . Instead , what I will do , is call people . If you want to chat with me , or discuss something , feel free to call me . 
Starcraft II . 
Today just became so political , so I am jumping on the bandwagon and protesting the fact that not enough groups protest something using free food , music and humor . 
I would like to sincerely apologize to everyone who has tried to teach me how to cook . I know I don't put those skills to use nearly as much as I should . But thanks to you , when times are < PROPFEMALE > I'm still eating well . Thanks ! 
\Cleave\ " is such an awesome word . Both of it's meanings are the opposite of each other . " 
I am on revision number four for this recipe I'm working on . By the time classes start again I should be able to cook it in my sleep . Gotta love the small challenges . 
So I'm watching the Starcraft 2 tournament from < PROPMALE > ( put on by < PROPMALE > League Gaming ) and I'm actually surprised at the sponsors . Old Spice , Doritos , < PROPFIRST > Links , BiC , and a couple others I think . But , seriously , Old Spice body wash ? We all know serious gaming nerds don't shower . 
Today is a beautiful day . The weather is splendid , people are sunbathing , the normally dour have smiles and every thing feels relaxed . The only two things that can make this day better is friends , and me not being broke . 
Friends are awesome . 
Ah , It's so great to be back in school ! Even without the proper preparation , it is still awesome ! 
Good News : I finally got some of my GI < PROPMALE > money today , so starting tomorrow I can eat again ! Better News : No surprise benefits changes ! I get to live another semester ! Bad News : I didn't let the beans cook/soak long enough for my \Bachelor Beans and Rice \"." 
< PROPMALE > supplies for class assembled ! I am so glad I already had a large majority of the supplies required . Looking at the receipt , I feel for anyone who has to buy everything on the \required materials\ " list . " 
... is looking for allies for City of Wonder . If you play this Facebook game , and want another ally , just leave a reply ( or better , add/invite me ) and I'll add you . This is my Facebook game for this semester of class , and the more the merrier ! 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education Week and these children are very special ! Let's show them some love ! 
off to bed . for those who care : Space Race Victory , 1929 . 
Life has made it a point for me not to go a day where I don't depress myself . 
The hardest part is not having barely enough now , but is instead having more than enough on the way , that never gets there in time . 
Drop a pebble in a pond , see the water stay so smooth . Watch the pebble disappear , as you listen for the truth . 
The best reward for having a skill is being able to put that skill to the purpose of making others happy . 
Money can't buy me happiness , but when I have it I tend to bitch less . 
Does anyone know of any Chinese ( or asian ) restaurant that delivers to/in Palm Desert ? I just can't seem to find any , and tonight feels like a good night for chinese lol . 
\What's with these homies dissin ' my girl ? Why do they got to front ? \"" 
I don't want to go to class today . I've been up all night , I'm still tired from pulling a 24 hour day yesterday , and I'm a bit ill . 
There is no more an acute realization than when you come face to face with the knowledge that you are of no more than peripheral importance to anyone in the world . 
Today will be a good day , a fruitful day , a day full of accomplishments and the bliss of life . And I shall call this day , Saturday . 
A human being should be able to change a diaper , plan an invasion , butcher a hog , conn a ship , design a building , write a sonnet , balance accounts , build a wall , set a bone , comfort the dying , take orders , give orders , cooperate , act alone , solve equations , analyze a new problem , pitch manure , program a computer , cook a tasty meal , fight efficiently , die gallantly . Specialization is for insects . -- < PROPFIRST > A . Heinlein 
Life ? Life sucks . My attitude ? That I'm going to find some way to make it not suck . 
Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood . 
Thanks to my friends for letting me know I'm being a rude ass . I'll work on it , and you guys are great . 
October is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member or friend who has lost his battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it , Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . 
Is what is morally Right and Wrong a universal human Truth , or is it merely a function of Perspective ? Is Morality a natural occurrence , a set of behaviors imposed by Society , or a decision every Person makes on their own ? Is Living by a moral code an act of Societal preservation , or Self preservation ? \ 
And finally ... Can I illustrate this question visually ? 
It's not the large moments that define a friendship ; those moments are just another example of the daily quality of that friendship writ large . 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it . 
ugh , this is gonna be a tough weekend . 2 days to prepare a presentation on a topic I don't even know something concrete about . I'm thinking this is going to be the weekend of scrambling and mad thinking 
So this morning I was all \Oh No ! \ " Then the left hemi said \ " Booyah ! Brain twist ! \ " and the right hemi was all \ " oh snap ! Snakes on a Plane ! \ " So now I'm chasing the < PROPMALE > across the desert changing giants into weather propelled turbines . " 
I slew my dragon ! Now to get over my nervousness about showing off the head to the townspeople . 
Please , join me in putting this in your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by Velociraptors . It's time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up for vicious sport . Velociraptors are , after all , kind ... of ... unstoppable . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > s , and the US < PROPFEMALE > Corps . Raise a drink to those Brothers and Sisters in Arms , whether they are with you today or not . 
\Nein ! Not ze puppiez ! \"" 
I beseech thee all to view the film \Man of La Mancha\ " from the year of our making 1972 starring < PROPFIRST > O'Toole and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST >." 
Collage for Art : Done . Research for Myth and Legends : Done . Debate for Critical Thinkg : uhm ... tomorrow afternoon , it will be 99.9% done . Final Analysis of the Weekend : Fruitful , and in the future there will be more of them . 
Looking to update the CPU , and motherboard incidentally , of my PC . Trying to keep it under $200 ( whole thing ) . I just love dredgin through specs and updating myself on what's available . The previous job kinda skewed my perceptions of what's available lol . Any help appreciated . 
Faceplanting in a parking lot ? Funny . Doing it yourself ? Not so funny . Avioding serious facial injury and head trauma ? Good . Having a messed up right arm ? Bad . Why did this happen ? Because I ditched class . I knew that class would only hurt me in the end . 
Today is a good day . My arm is back to 90% range of motion , though it still hurts a bit . My new CPU and Motherboard shipped from LA at 8:30 this morning . All my projects for my classes this semester are , well , they're already done and graded . And it's beautiful outside . 
Official Arrival Time of My PC parts : Nov 30 . So much for guaranteed overnight . 
Almost 3am , and I'm baking cookies . This is my second run of these cookies , and they're slightly deviated from the recipe . First batch in the oven . 
Goodnight , and Good Luck . 
9 Chapters , 8 Aspirin , 7 < PROPMALE > , 6 Nights , 5 Days , 4 Chores , 3 Assignments , 2 Tests and 1 Project until Finals are over . 
Some mistakes you learn from . Others you wish you had ne'er done . But once in a while , you make a mistake that kills a part of yourself and you remember it for the rest of your life , because there's always something missing . 
2010 Aston < PROPFIRST > DBS , you called out to me . You had your windows rolled down , your doors unlocked and some very comfortable seats . I had to refuse your very tempting offer , but I sincerely hope someone takes you out to dinner . 
Finals finished this afternoon . My celebration ? Slept for the afternoon . 
Today is a bad day . There's no reason for it to be so , but it just is . At least the weather is nice . 
Intuition is the ability to acquire knowledge without any apparent use of reason or inference . 
Eggnog is good . 
The First Week after finals , which means the return of bachelor cooking experiments . This week : Fish cakes . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to All , and I hope you have a better one than even I will . 
I think I'm just gonna sleep until < PROPFIRST > 29th . Have a good month all . 
The meaning of friendship these days has changed . I blame the Internet and the paradox of long lasting transient relationships . 
It's near < PROPFEMALE > , it's near freezing , it won't get near warm today , and this all makes me happy . Finally it feels like winter ! 
You know paranoia can be pretty bad when someone getting the cold shoulder starts interpreting it as a death threat . Which reminds me , has anyone seen my aluminum foil ? 
Jury Service completed ! 
today I'm just crawling into a hole and pulling the hole in after me . 
OK FB friends - You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 
be back in a week . < PROPMALE > to do , deamons to exercise , and gremlins to adopt . 
Back to work on my newest < PROPMALE > piece . Hopefully enough will get done to warrant pics by this evening . 
Kindle for Android and Kindle for PC makes for a fairly nice combination . Now if I could just get all my text books on kindle , my bag for school would be lighter . 
Today has been a good birthday . Good weather , friends , and got a lot accomplished . 
In between the lines there's a lot of obscurity , and I'm not inclined to resign to maturity . 
School . It starts again today at 8 , and ends today at 8 for me . Here's to being asleep tonight by 9 ! 
I decided to figure out how big the Internet is . I'm still waiting on the answer , but found plenty of guesses . 
Up later than I wanted . Can't sleep . In the last stages of some minor illness . And I have chem lab I have to go to tomorrow - wait , an email - hah ! No chem tomorrow because the professor is down with the flu ! Sleeping in here I come ! 
Today is a day for the simple things in life , I think . Like good food , music , and painting . 
A normal person has 1,000 wishes . A SOLDIER only has one , to come home safely . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please re-post in their honor . 
Love the rain out here in the desert . Think I'll take a nap . 
When taking a nap before an important event , make sure your alarm clock is not going to quit on you . 
Finishing up a paper for psychology , and I just realized I can't write this paper with anything resembling an honest and objective viewpoint . So , this is one that's going to be worked on over the weekend and turned in late , probably with a hangover . 
It's a beautiful morning outside . Reminds me of why I love being alive . 
Attention : If you are looking for < PROPMALE > , he is no longer here . If you would like to leave a message , it will be delivered when he is done kicking his ass . 
The best experiments are : scientific , deadly , and fun . 
I'm still trying to nail this \sleep\ " thing down . Is it something that's supposed to occur at regular intervals ? " 
All caught up on sleep finally . Now I just have to catch up on calculus , track down a check that never made it to it's destination , and get over this stomach bug . But at least I slept . 
Somebody once told me that the world is gonna roll me , and I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed . 
Just when I think everything was putting itself back together , something comes along and rips the stitches out . 
This put a smile on my face : Nocturnal Echo-Locating Flying-Mammal Man . 
Power corrupts , but absolute power is kind of neat . 
< PROPMALE>'s Homemade Pancakes . Side Effects include , but are not limited to : overeating , drowsiness , sticky fingers and loss of appetite . 
Thanks to a good friend for bringing to my attention that today is Tuesday , not Monday . Now I have to go file a police report . There appears to be someone out there stealing my days . 
Yay , it's raining ! Now if it could just stop between 1:30 and 2 ( instead of getting heavier like I predict ) then I might make it to class ! 
