tired of these trondao warning and the rain can it at least be nice for a week or a least the weekend 

it's the weekend yeah 
is it Friday yet ? 
rain rain go away come back some other time 
just got back from seeing g i < PROPFIRST > and all i can say is go < PROPFIRST > 
ATTENTION : READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS TO GET THE WORD OUT : If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service , do NOT click it . It's a virus ! 
is still tried from last night . the back to school bash 105 kids and < PROPFIRST > wright from the state office and its was awesome 
just got back from the family reunion and im stuffed to the gills 
just got back from the lonestar concert and it was a good show 
Exicted for the tent revial this week with bro < PROPFIRST > walls at 645pm and youth night tues with bro < PROPFIRST > yeary 
thanks everbody for the birthday wishes i had a good day 
got done with the after thanksgiving tradition of puting up the christmas stuff trees and light are in place 
made it home a little while ago took 35 < PROPFEMALE > normaly 12 to 15 so it snowed now so it can stop for the rest of the season who's with me 
decided i'm too sick to go to church tomarrow i send my love . you all have fun at the christmas party 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to y'all 
going to dinner with some friends here in a little bit 
Wishes y'all a happy new year and hopeing for a better 2010 cause were all in this togther and i'm pulling for you 
Happy New Year 
Water is just coffee that hasn't reached it's full potential 
Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting . I wonder how many will participate . 
No explanation required ... I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! { I love you MOM } 
acomplished my goal for the day i made it home before the snow 
cooking some lunch 
It’s \Doppelgänger Week\ " on Facebook . Change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you resemble ( and repost this ... ) " 
go to urbandictionary.com type your first name , copy and paste this as your status ! Then copy and paste the answer given for your name as a comment to your status ! 
toyotas 1st and 2nd and anthor daytona race with wreckers and checkers again if the first 2 races are any indication tomarrow will be a awesome race 
I Cant see just got back from the eye doctor . ordered more contacts and got new glasses pic coming soon 
As they say tonight's the night going to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > how awesome is that . oh and some other band named skillet is going to be there 
For my Savior , Jesus Christ , A new Facebook challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost this , I hope I am right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he died for YOU and me . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . I am not ashamed of the gospel of HIS name ! 
finelly feeling better went back to work today 
MMM milanos ! 
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/trigg-street-church-of-god-4-18-10 
Espn gruden best moves in the off season both go to the redskins with our coach and qb and i think the 3rd is our draft pick 
im so excited the moonlight drive in theatre opens tonight anthor sign of summer will be here soon 
How to train your dragon was a good movie 
Shutter island i think i need some gedon after this movie 
Well i guess some of yall have heard the rummors im here to annouce that i will not be following < PROPFIRST > kahne to hendrick motorsports effective immeadtly i will be joining < PROPFIRST > gibbs racing and the driver of the #18 m&ms / interstate batteries toyota camery < PROPFIRST > bush 
Getting to have a late dinner with the guys and wasn't it a really nice day 
Had to work this morning forgot when the last time that i had to suit up and rembering why i took the office job 
Yeah its friday and the work day is half over some body give me a quad yeah 
Wondering what i am going to do today 
Just got back from the moonlight drive in theater i love this time of year you can go watch movies outside 
i need yalls prayers ive got a big decisioni have to make 
Enjoing a cookout with the guys 
The new a team movie was awesome 
Car wash exit 14 exxon help the kids of the youth group 
I like driving on new pavement 
moonlight tonight 
Happy 4th of July to y'all 
Hey im asking for yalls help if your in abingdon tonight or tomarrow come by the exit 14 exxon and let the trigg st. church of god youth dept wash your car all procdieds go to the trip to fla so come on out and help them out 
< PROPFIRST > was here :) 
Ugh ! 
Had a good night got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my friends and have a good meal and made some new facebook friends so it was all awesome sauce 
Had a good day had fun at a pool party and got to < PROPFEMALE > with my friends afterwords so it = awesome sauce 
Getting ready to get off from work then earons to run maybe ill get home some time tonight 
30 more < PROPFEMALE > . of work then this day is done Thank God 
Is tired worked all day , cleaned some of the church also the server that thing was dirty and now time for a late dinner w/the guys 
Hey guys come out and help the youth group with a bake sale @ kmart in abingdon 10a 3pm or till they run out 
Why does it seem that everybody that i know is @ the beach or going to the beach and im stuck here in the rain 
Kind of sad last night out with all my friends sence < PROPMALE > is leaving for < PROPFIRST > soon 
if u need a friend ( text me ) need a laugh ( call me ) need a hug ( stop by ) need money ( I'm out of town ) 
yea its friday and half the work day is over and looking foward to see all the kin folk on sunday up on the mtn . 
Today was a good day went to my family reunion , eat way to much food , rode some 4 wheelers , picked some apples , and saw how much all my little cousins are growing up its to bad we can only do that a couple times of year wish i could do it more . 
all right i am gonna say it also go hokies 
who's ready for a realy long day today . trying to put two days worth of work into one and church tonight and anthor long day tomarrow oh boy ! 
its intersting the things you see driving around abingdon on a friday night 
only a couple more hours of work left to go today then i get to enjoy this nice fall day were having and get 2 see my friends at church who are always glad to see me 
I wish i could work outside today because its such a nice day 
I Got A Hair Cut Today 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can win a connect four game in 3 moves 
A couple more hours of work then a fun filled weekend with the youth group and new people i cant wait this going to be epic 
is tired had a uber busy weekend but it was well worth it got to < PROPFEMALE > with my friends and made some new friends from GA . 
eating supper at sonic but got nothing to do tonight i know its werid if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out and do something call me or send me a text 
only a few more hours of work then off to church where i feel like norm from cheers as soon as i walk in everybody shouts < PROPMALE > . thats how awesome i am 
One\ 
of my facebook friends challenged all believers to put this on their \ 
wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I \ 
will deny you in front of my father , at the Gates of Heaven . This is a \ 
simple test . If you love God you are not afraid to show it , repost \ 
... this !! 
I posted this from my tv How cool is that ? 
cant wait for tommarow to reveal this years costume for the halloween party and to see what everybody comes as . 
well off to bed had a awesome night hanging out with all my friends if you dont believe me check out the photos 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes it was a good day 
its gonna take some time to get used to the sun being up this early 
This too shall pass . No matter how good , no matter how bad , it will pass . 
it is a bad night my skins are losing badly but old school wwe monday night raw was awesome 
keep your stick on the ice 
Keep Your Stick On The Ice :) 
Cousins\ 
are the first friends of our lives .. When you grow up , they are still \ 
your friends . Repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the \ 
world ! They may not be part of your daily life , but they are never far \ 
from your thoughts and memories 
got stopped in a check point on the way home 
just got home man is the fog thick tonight 
happy thanksgiving everybody I'm grateful for my family and all my crazy friends and that i got all my decorating for Christmas done today . 
Change\ 
your profile picture to your favorite cartoon character from your\ 
childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday , \ 
December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to\ 
your status and invite your friends to do the same ! 
Das tue ich nicht , was die Zahlen und machen es noch schlimmer zu dir , ich < PROPFEMALE > euch in einer anderen Sprache , um es herauszufinden . Da sollten Sie mir < PROPFEMALE > n , was du < PROPMALE > mir an mich denken und sich nicht hinter einer bestimmten Anzahl . 
Well just got home from the church christmas party anthor drive thru the snow to get here . but i had a good time . 
well anthor friday is upon us and the snow is starting to melt(good thing ) but looking foward to all the things i have to do this weekend 
Had a good day today got to see all my crazy friends and excitied to see them all again thursday for the youth christmas party\\nBig Dog 
off to kitchen stadium in the battle mountain dew cake 
the battle is over in kitchen stadium next up the judging tomorrow then the verdict pictures later tonight 
Just a few more hours to the youth Christmas party i cant wait its going to be awesome 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
there is nothing like watching movies on blu < PROPFIRST > 
is it weird that im watching independance day on boxing day this close to christmas 
why do people still try to open the door to a busniess even though there is a big sign that says closed and the hours are posted on the door this boggles my mind ( btw the door is locked ) 
I reject your reality and substitute my own - < PROPFIRST > SAVAGE 
I Got New Shoes 
made it home after another snow sliding part of the way here 
Let's roll Kato\\n 
sitting at pizza hut with the youth group and the awesomest person ever , < PROPFIRST > ! i love you dave (: 
Goodnight fb see yall tomarrow 
Winter nascar testing ¡ daytona is helping me get over my nascar withdraws\\nBig Dog 
is enjoying all the batman on tv today the dark knight was on tnt and now the original batman is on g4 it's a good day for the caped crusader 
steelers vs packers in the super bowl sounds like a good game coming up 
pizza the hut 
Watching < PROPMALE > texas ranger reminds of one thing car chases are cool but truck chases are awesome\\nBig Dog 
there is nothing more fun than running blocker for a church < PROPFIRST > with teenagers in it . then driving like a crazyt person to get there before the pizza does . ( btw waiting in the parking lot when i got here ) 
Its so funny were doing church maintance after midnight\\nBig Dog 
i just found out that i now have access to espn3 . How cool is that . 
I think i have my new favorite box lunch its hardees big box lunch and its only $5 \\nBig Dog 
