Celebrating New Years as usual -- at home ! Happy New Years everybody ! 

Waiting for the warmer weather to return ... 
Finally a warm and < PROPFEMALE > lunch hour that I was able to spend lying in the sun . ( Clothing free of course ! ) 
Warm weather is finally here and I got in the first clothes-free hike of the year ! It felt good to be out in the sunshine ... 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . I spent my birthday traveling home from vacation . Nine hours and 500 < PROPMALE > of driving kind of wears a fellow out . 
I just got back a while ago from the funeral of an infant grandson of a close friend . It had to be the most emotionally intense funeral I've ever attended . My heart goes out to the family . 
A holiday weekend is nearly here and I haven't a clue on how to spend it ... 
Two more days until it's officially fall . I'm missing summer already ... 
Today was a perfect day for a clothes-free hike . Too bad I only had about 45 minutes to spend on the trail . I'm just thankful we're having a bit of an Indian summer at the moment . 
I survived Christmas , so now I need to figure out how I'm going to spend New Year's eve/day 
Fought with the wireless router and the router won . :p 
68F at the end of December . If this is global warming , I think I like it ! ;) 
Off to Wichita to make the final business purchases of the year . It's hard to believe another year and another decade is about to end . It seems like it wasn't that long ago we were \Partying like it was 1999\ " . LOL " 
Woke up early this morning with a sinus headache . Not the way I'd like to start my day . 
Feeling better than yesterday but that's not saying a lot . 
Why do so few online friends translate into real life friends ? I realize the minimal chances of meeting those who live far away , but what about those that live near ? 
Who the heck ordered all this cold and snow ? 
The bitter cold is finally leaving but the wind chill doesn't make it feel much better . How long is it until spring ? 
It sure looks better outside than what was forecast ... 
Why do Fridays always have to be such a PITA ? I'm glad the work week is over ... 
The weekend is here . Now what ? LOL 
The snow has stopped and the sun is out . Now if the temps would just warm back up I'd be happy . 
If the forecast is correct , all our snow melted just in time for another winter blast . Hopefully we won't have too many more rounds before it warms up and stays warm . ( I can dream , can't I ? LOL ) 
No wonder the house felt cold this morning . We shattered the previous record with a low temp of -14F . And to think just two weeks ago we hit 71F ! 
The weekend is almost here , so I hope our reprieve from winter weather lasts through it . I could sure use some time outdoors without freezing my butt off . 
I should probably think about getting some rest as I've been awake for about 24 hours . I spent about the last 12 hours playing \Rock Band\ " with friends . But first I need to come down off the caffeine ... " 
Cottage cheese with chunky salsa . Yum ! 
Yesterday morning the temperature felt like spring , but the temperature this morning reminds us that it's definitely still winter . :( 
I'm not sure if it's my phone or FB , but the mobile app keeps crashing and I'm not getting text notices like I should . Very annoying ... 
I'm growing tired of mother nature's sense of humor . Spring like weather one day and freezing cold the next . How the heck is a person supposed to adjust to that ? 
Mother nature and/or the weathermen must be on drugs . Winter storm watch out for today and tomorrow is forecast to be in the mid 60's . WTF ? 
I need to get off FB and get some shopping done . I wonder what I'll return with this time ... 
It's Sunday , so now what ? 
March is here , so it's only 3 more weeks until it's officially spring . It can't happen too soon for me ! 
While I'm thankful for warmer weather , I hate the sinus headaches that comes with it . 
Yea ! Sunshine ! Nice to have a < PROPFEMALE > day for a change . Too bad the warm weather that's coming with it isn't forecast to last long . :( 
Why does it seem to be easier to keep up with friends who live across the country than with the ones that live across town ? 
