Thank you everybody for all of your birthday wishes !!! I had a super great bday spent with the family !!! 

Just saw Anjelah < PROPMALE > and she was SO hilarious !!! Great show !! 
The most beautiful girl in the world . She is perfect in everyway , and is liked by all . She is loving and caring and will always be there for you . She is gorgeous and sexy . If you happen to come across one , dont ever let her go . I know i wontmy girlfriend , < PROPFEMALE > 
Was having a great day at work until < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > VROOGed !! So Rude !! 
Off to Aptos to watch my nephew play lacrosse . I hope you bring your GAME , < PROPFIRST > !!! 
11 Years ago I gave birth to the most amazing little boy in the world . Happy birthday Connor Truluck ... I love you !!!! 
Spent an amazing day with my sister celebrating Mom's bday . Pedis , facials and an amazing lunch at Cafe < PROPFIRST > !! 
Happy Graduation Jenn !! we r SOOOOOO proud of you !! 
Happy Bday < PROPFIRST > !! I can't believe you're a teenager already !!! 
CRAZY day at work ... or maybe that's Crazy people at work !! Glad its over !! 
Dinner and drinks with the Dodges !! What an amazing way to kick off the summer ! 
Spending the evening with < PROPFEMALE > maddy and < PROPFIRST > going to dinner then to dionnes dance yeaya :) 
Going river raftin ' with the Dodges !! yeaaaaaah !! 
2 down .... 1 to go !! 
For all the Michelle-a-palooza people .... bring lots of warm clothes and blankets with you . The fog is really socked in this morning !! 
Just got our new iMac today !! Can't wait til it's home and we can play with it . 
Happy First Day of school !!!!! 
summer is FINALLY here ! Yahooooo ! 
Pedi time ... probably the last one for the season !! 
Great weekend with the Wallers until Connor woke up and redcorated their bathroom at 1am . Thanks so much < PROPMALE > and Danijela !! 
I mostly like it in the back seat of my car .... but sometimes I like it on our kitchen island !!! its just the way I roll !!! 
Go UMS cheer !! You Ladies are rock this one !! 
< PROPFEMALE > !! they ROCKED it !! 
Congrats to UMS cheer for getting 2nd place at the Great < PROPFEMALE > competition !! You guys did amazing !! 
My name is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Truluck .... & I am a BIG dorkk . My feet stink !! 
This is I LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! Re-post ... if you have amazing sister(s ) . And I have 1 wonderful sister ... I am blessed . 
this game is killin\ meeee !! " 
Yahoooooooooo !!! Amazing game !!! 
Nothin ' like a little ( or big ) glass of sangria to start off my weekend right !!!!! :o ) 
Thanks for all of the wonderful birthday wishes ! I had such a great birthday !! 
Annual trip to SF started off with a few bumps but I'm sure will end with a bang !! 
Amazing day up in the city . 68 degrees !! AT$ 
Amazing day up in SF with Jenn and the boys AT&T tour , lunch at burgermeister , Coit tower , Fortune cookie Factory and finally a drink at the Empress of < PROPFEMALE > !! 
On our way to watch my nephew ' last football game of their regular season in Scotts Valley !! Go Aptos !! 
Breakfast at < PROPFIRST>'s with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > !! Great way to start my Monday !! 
FYI .... Virusspreading like wildfire on FB . It is a Trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut itdown ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15requests you as a friend , don'taccept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on ... your ... list ...... adds her then you get the virus too ! Please copy and pasteto your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES 
Come by Safeway on LG/Almaden and Union for the UMS cheer bake sale today from 10-4pm . Amazing homemade cookies , cakes and candies !! if you have any parties or dinners and need a little yummy to bring ... this is the place to get it !! Hope to see you all there ! 
My Mom forgot to tell me that when your kids are hurting it makes us Moms hurt almost worse !!! 
is going to the mall on the Saturday before Christmas . I think I need my head examined !! 
Loooooong nite with Court , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > !! I wish they went to bed when I told them the first time , or even the second time . I think its gonna be a nap day today !!! 
Let's go Sharks !!!!! 
is making homemade french bread for the first time !! If all goes well , our house will smell amaing in a couple of hours !! 
Day 5 of fever and yucky wet cough for Connor . Horrible sleepless night for us both . And busy 12 hour shift ahead of me !!! UGH ! 
Day 4 of Connor being home sick ... and he will be home tomorrow too . Ugh , he's starting to drive me a little wacky !!! You'd never know by all his energy that he has walking pneumonia !!! Antibiotics ... please do your job !!! 
got cancelled for 4 hrs but didn't hear the phone ring and I came to work anyways !! UGH !! 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on Foodstamps , Medicad , or Cash Assistance on your Children or yourself You have to pass a DRUG Test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post . People that work have to take a drug test , so should they !..... repost if you agree 
I have a deep passion of love for < PROPFEMALE > murgia <3 
My last 12 hour shift and I got cancelled the last 4 hrs ! Almost 2 weeks off now ! : 0 ) 
This gonna be an amazing Survivor this season ! I can't wait !! 
Poor < PROPFIRST > ! Gets sick as heck in DC and has to go to the hospital . Spent the day 
Came home to perfectly cleaned house and a candle burning to even make it smell pretty ! Thanks Honey .... you da bomb !! 
Loving the 8 hr shifts now ! So nice to be home and still have a little energy when I get home ! 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately ... Re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world .... and I do ! Love you guys ! 
Banananana ! 
