Today is a day where we forget the past to move on in the future , a day where we can use the past as a crutch , to move on is the message . Many struggled this year , many died , many live , many gave birth but lets not forget that a better future awaits the ones that help one another , that give and never expect to receive , and to make another persons day a < PROPFIRST > of sunshine ... 

... I wish all my friends and everyone that I don't know , a Wonderful New Year , let your troubles fade and let your happiness flow , I wish you all the best . 
Good night face book , see you another day ! <3 peace and love to all ! 
What should I say ? Today was the best and very very weird , of course it was . Oh < PROPFEMALE > if you see this , know you're a great friend and to the others you guys are like my family ! <3 
Oh mother what would I do without you ? Maybe less questions and maybe more quiet , but hey mom , I love you too much to let you go ... <3 
Lol today .... Ugh life .... And oh < PROPFEMALE > .... what a day to remember ! Lol Jk 
What should I say , I had a great day , especially when Kalen got TOLD ! I wish I could relive this day forever , lol jk , but still , pretty awesome day . Love ya my friends , have a GREAT WEEKEND , and see you Monday ! <3 TTYL ;) 
I have finally come up with what I wanted to write about for that contest , lets just hope its good enough ! I hope so ... 
Wowzers , I found a new drawing style , and on my own too !!! Wow I am so coolage right nows ! Lol yep I just started to do one thing then another and bam a new style , not really style I guess , but more like a new way for drawing heads . Lol yesh ! 
Good night Facebook , see ya'll tomorrow ! Have a happy Sunday ! <3 you guys ! 
I have a cool idea but I wanna tell you all about it ! It might sound stupid because well its about recycling , but I know its a lot wackier than I think it would be , but oh well endure it ! Lol well good night you guys , see you all tomorrow ! <3 
Lol the below link is this guy thats Jamaican and is smoking a spliff and he's talking about < PROPMALE > Marley's spot where he smoked pot himself , and that hes speaking about what he did and said , lol his laugh makes me crack up so much that I just can't get anough of it , lol . I hope you find this entertaining . 
Mom , on a day like this , you have never seen me cry but now you do , your the reason I'm here and I am very proud to call you my mom , Have a wonderful mothers day ! With lots of love . <3 
Well , its time for REPRESSION , and I will not cause no more drama ! Time for a change , freaking finally . Hope you all have a great week ! Love ya'll so much <3 
FINALS ! HOORAY , nope so not happy . Really Finals ? Ugh , oh well , at least my brain can handle the crunching < PROPFIRST > bit and reading bit , oh don't forget your World history oh and my fave , Biology ! Wowzwers , need to study , but way too lazy , lol . 
How far can you run from your past until it catches you and doesn't release until you open your eyes ? I hope its very very far away . Lol Weird saying , huh ? Lol 
Lol made me laugh so hard , lol #1 car wash ! lol 
HEY GUYS I HAVE A SURPRISE FOR YOU ! Its not that big of a surprise but I like it , lol not that much of a change , but eh , I have a plan for it , lol the summer will rock ! Yeah , thats not it , but hahaha you'll have to wait and see ! <3 love ya'll so much , see you guys Monday ! 
One day people will see that I'm not playing when I threaten , lol jk actually S.L. would know . Lol but what are Hypocrites for ? Lol anyways great day , especially towards the end of the day in my last class , oh what fun it was to be by the trouble that gave a death stare to me and the others I know , lol just fantastic ! >:( 
WOW I STILL AM SPEECHLESS ! UM YEAH A < PROPMALE > STORY FOR THOSE WHO I KNOW CAN BE THE SECRET SQUIRRELS , IF NOT THEN BUT OUT ! LOL 
FACEBOOK , what can I say , you really do have your good moments and other times you don't , but this happiness I feel right now , is just pure happiness , thanks for all those whom have been by me for so long and care about me , I truly love you all , even if I get annoying after a while , lol <3 pure love for you all ! G'night everyone , sweet dreams . 
Well the best thing in the world is throwing your back out , especially when your getting ready for school , its your friends birthday , and you were c < PROPFEMALE > ing into PANTS ! Now thats one for the fail book for me ! FANTASTIC ! Maybe it'll get better which I'm hoping it will ! Oh and mom's making me stay home to clean my room , so I won't be able to < PROPFEMALE > out with the most amazing person I know ! : /which makes me mad ! >:( 
Guess what ? I love you all <3 which comes with difficulties with certain people but I really do love you all ! <3 
I wonder if anyone knows how much I care for them to see that love is something that comes easy to those who want to see it and that I'm nothing special , just have a lot of love for life and people , gosh stop saying I'm awesome , when I'm the complete opposite ! I make JOKES but thats because it lightens hearts and makes them see that life isn't bad at all , just sad when theres no one to share it with . 
I love it when I close my eyes and your always there especially when you really aren't there . 
What the best part of my day is seeing you smile and sometimes when I think about you my heart begins to jump out of my chest . 
fI uoy ekil eht remmus neht sserp ekil ! 
Dude ! The white house its own FACE BOOK < PROPFEMALE > ! What the heck ? I thought they weren't so high tech , like maybe they still used carrier pigeons to do their dirty work ! Lol well I guess they aren't trying to be inconspicuous ! Lol 
Sitting in school , on the last day and yet , there's no one here but my besdt < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and don't forget < PROPFIRST > ! Lol I wish today wasn't the last day of school , kind of sad now ! It'll even out later , I hope :) 
Kind of sad that school had ended , but I guess that maybe the summer might not be as bad as I though , summer school here I come with arms wide open ! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Erm .... kinda in a sad mood and feel unappreciated ... :( oh well I guess its my sad mood day , bye . 
I guess my words go through one ear and out the other , hmmmm , I feel so stupid ! I am just bleh ! Never mind . 
< PROPFEMALE > sitter här i venten och spelar lite DotA å pushar på å smeker , med motståndet < PROPFEMALE > leker . < PROPFEMALE > sitter här i venten och spelar lite DotA å springer runt å creepar , och motståndet < PROPFEMALE > sleepar . 
I'M GOIN ' TO FIVE GUYS !!!!! BIG WOOP !!!! FREAK YEAH ! LOL BRO IS NOT HOME AND ME AND MOM'S IS CHILLEN ON THE DOWNLOAD ! LOL SEE YA'LL PEEPS LATERS ! ;) <3 
I wonder ... how many people will see this post and and actually comment on it . If you see this post comment it , I just am doing a test and I wanna know , thanks for your help ! 
IF YOU SEE A POST ABOVE OR BELOW THIS THEN COMMENT ! OR POSSIBLY LIKE IT SO I CAN DO THIS TEST CORRECTLY ! IF YOU BELIEVE I'M A DORK , THEN TRUTH IS , I FREAKING AM , SO WHAT OF IT ? ANYWAYS JUST FAVE THE DAMN THING ! THANKS :) 
Everyone seems so content in their life . < PROPFEMALE > has her family that are proud of her , Maycee has her family thats also proud of her , and everyone else , well they have others there for them as well . Everyone is feeling loved and seeming to have great lives , and that leaves me . 
I'm just there , not really doing anything and not really happy either , I'm just stuck in a place with four walls and constant noise from my brother and my mother . I'm just so alone or at least thats how I feel , everyone is just themselves and I'm here , sad in this place . * Tears up * I think I'm going to leave for a while . Bye everyone . 
So I sing proudly to my songs and I giggle when everyone talks about one thing , Love , something so vast and isolated from us all , some are strong enough to find it and others , well they never find it . I on the other hand have found it and I am willing to share it all with everyone including those who read this ! <3 ILY ALL ! 
The blasting of the music hitting your ear drums isn't loud enough to let you escape whats happening around you and yet you still sing along to the song and you still act like life isn't moving on around you , well all of that is me . The volume of my music is never enough , it won't let me get away from life , it'll never unless I calm the outside world first . But it never will be quiet . 
* Sorry I had to cut it into two , hehe I'm bad ass like that , lol jk anyhoo , I am in a sad kind of mood but increasing with happiness as each second passes , love you all so very much ! Talk to you all some other time ! YO ! <3 
HELL FREAKING YES ! THE PAST IS NOW AT REST AND THINGS ARE MUCH SWEETER THAN REVENGE ! I love this site so much its unbelievable how happy I am now . hehe love you guys very much stay cool yo ! <3 X3 
H.A.H.A.H.A. Its the good life again ;D 
Does anyone think I should delete my Myspace account ? If you say yes then hell yeah to ya ! If you say no then you suck . Hehe I'm officially leaving my past behind and starting a new ! * Invigorated * 
The evil deed is done , myspace is no longer in my life , but facebook is ! Hell yeah to a new drug called \FB\ " hehe ! " 
Dude I listened to the < PROPMALE > song by Lady GaGa and let me tell you , it scared the shit out of me ! I was afraid and I still am ! Dudes looked like Chinese guys in black high heels and GaGa looked like a weirdo in that Nun outfit , gosh the only one that looked normal was the guy with normal dirty blonde hair . Are you supposed to be scared after watching her vids ? If so she did a great job in making it happen , lmao ! 
DISTANCE is a FACTOR of < PROPFIRST > and LAND but L.O.V.E. is the FACTOR of the human HEART and the MAGNET thats ATTRACTED TO the other HEART . DISTANCE shouldn't matter ! So grow some BAWLS and tell each your TRUE feelings ! OR I WILL ! >;D 
Do you ever give your own advice to someone else ? If you do and your experiencing the same problem , then DAMN IT take your own advice for once ! Don't ask me what you should do , take your own advice , be happy and never GIVE UP ! <3 
with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Many of youwon't copy and paste this , but would you please do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? This is in honor of all children who need a little extra help and understanding . 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Friendly . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Smart . 11 : Random . 12 : Quiet . 13 : Funny . 14 : Different . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute ... Honesty yo ! 
2 years of my life are going to be the longest and yet the shortest years of my life ! Making friends and hanging out with old friends is going to be the most I'll do , because who knows when I'll get to see all of you again after college , but one thing is for sure , I'll never regret the times we all shared , the good and the bad , I love you all so much ! <3 
When I tell you something sad , I tend to run away from you . I'm afraid of your response , however I know you'll change how I feel about it , but till then leave me alone about it and let me sulk in my own misery . :\ ( " 
What kind of BITCH are you ? -- My Result : SWEET BITCH . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/234027/referrals/status?aid=100001060330135 
Two days till school begins , my stomach is in knots and my mind is behind a few years , this'll be a great year , but for how long will this feeling last ? I hope that this year will be fun , looks like I have a new math teacher , he looks really weird O.O Oh well new year , bring it on ! 
:( I'm sad , everyone's got me all wrong , its just like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and now I feel terrible . I wish no one knew me or ever attempted to talk to me :( Just leave me alone from now on ! 
:( Augh ! Another day of school , sometimes I wish I don't think at all , my mind tends to spiral and makes me freak out before time is called for it , oh brain I have many woes and you create them all , how sad : C night FACEBOOK 
I am banned from facebook for a while all due to not taking anything out for dinner , how nice D: 
I've had it , I hate people in general , but the ones I like the most they are the what I like to call the future brainiacs , everyone else can f-off and die somewhere . People suck and thats all they'll ever do ! fml ! >:O 
Seems like as I run forward I'm actually running backwards , I love the out doors so I guess seeing the same thing wouldn't be too bad , that is until you make the same mistake , then thats when you have to stop and find a new path -I know this to be true :( 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies . They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you and never question the friendship . Repost if you have at least one true friend . I have 10 true friends :'( I love you all <3 
I just want to take my face and shove it into a pillow , right this very second . I hate so many people and yet I deal with their shit on a daily basis , when will they just leave me alone ! I'm NOT OPRAH ! >:( 
What's the point of smiling when you could just cry your eyes out ? I shall take the ladder and just cry all evening long , or better yet , I'll get rid of this damn piece of shit facebook account and fuck what everyone else says , wants , and needs . I'm living my life as off now , so just fuck off >:O 
Pain , Pain , Pain that's all I'm feeling right now ! I just wish Monday will come sooner , another adjustment , hopefully it gets better by then * fingers crossed * 
When I was a baby I was normal , till I feel off the dinner table and cracked my skull , then I developed paranoia , then a few years down the road I got electrocuted by Christmas lights and from there it was schizophrenia all over again :) isn't life grand ? That's why I am so funneh , actually that's why I don't make sense , too many issues I've got going on :( oh well paranoia was fun , for a while , hehe ;D 
Ugh ! Why are there still more tears coming ? Damn this song , it's not even in English and it still is making me cry ! =\ [ " 
Does open relationship mean you are with one person but you still date other people or is that just plain cheating ? Lol open relationship is a weird way of saying you are a cheater with a secret , oh < PROPFEMALE > then ! 
:( I miss you ! 
AHHHH !! MY FINGER IS BLEEDING ! OWW YOU STUPID CUTICLE ! ONE DAY I WILL AVENGE THE BLEEDING OF MY FINGER , TILL THEN I NEED A BAND-AID . 
I hate trying to be the good friend and then getting slapped in my face about how I'm WRONG !? Fine , you'll see how terrible life can be when you act childish , you'll see soon enough all the good things I try to do for you . You think I was saying you're at fault ? You stop being friends with someone who is honest , well < PROPMALE > was honest and people might have hated him , but honesty hurts those who are immature . 
Time for bed , I'm beat :O zzzzzzzzzz ....... blegh , I have school tomorrow , why can't I change into a costume for the rest of my life and just be invisible to people ? Being able to be invisible when you want to be , I wish that every time I have to deal with people I utterly dislike , but I deal with it :( I keep telling myself , it'll get better , I have yet to see that . I hate being mature in a world of immaturity . 
Have you ever gotten the feeling of wanting to punch something and you instead take your anger and rage out on a wall that's made of concrete ? Well I've done that a few times this year and I do it hard to a point , but sometimes I wish I could hit it harder and break my hand , I want to do that so badly though :/ fml :( 
This is the hole I wish I could crawl in ---> O then maybe die inside it >:) , that'll be a fun leap to death . 
Having a sleep over :) ugh ! Algebra 2 ! Why did I miss that one specific day of school ? Oh yeah my back , lol welp seems like I have to get over it with a little help from my guest , hehe tonight's gonna be fun <3 
... I hate ... the days that drag on ... the people that stab you in the back ... life that is bleak ... many heartbreaks with no revival ... supposed friends ... life without meaning ... not being able to be with the one I love ... jealous people ... and closed minded people ... I know you'll say something , so why not make matters worse , why not just let everything be ? Just go ahead and break it , I can take the pain dear friend . 
I miss you ... so much :'( I can't stand being apart for the night , I love you dear , see you tomorrow though <3 
you know what i hate ? I hate it when you're walking home and the mormon bible guys are trying to get to u . I know they wanna spread the word but they r too late to spread the word to me , like just last week was the day it happened ... so guys ure a little late :( sorry but todays not the day to spreadt the word to me . 
You know what I want to be when I grow up ? I want to be an anger management specialist , reason being , so I can break shit because it helps get all that stress out ! Hehe I wanna just punch boxing bags and the whole nine yards , I wanna go all out and tell people it's okay to be angry just don't punch people , lol I would so be awesome at that job , lol 
I found an appropriate picture that describes my feelings at this point and it says , \This world would be so much nicer if people only used guns on themselves . \"" 
:( -Why is it so hard to stop missing you ? Ugh ! I wish I was on some island away from the world and that I'm stuck on that island with all the things that make me happy . I wish I was there with my love and then the rest just keeps me occupied with laughter and such childish things :( come on special island open up and let me go there . - :( 
I have a new idea . If people come and talk to me , I'm going to be like SWITZERLAND and be NEUTRAL- no more trash talking or anything , all my thoughts will be clear to me and my love and that's it , no one will know what I'm truly thinking . Seriously time to grow up , it's time to put away the Binky's and the thumbs and start eating hard foods , time to grow up , I'm no longer your momma , but your friend :O get it , got it , good . 
Ready for bed and ready for school , lets hope I can remember to brush my hair and teeth this time :/ nighty night FACEBOOK :( 
Finally figured out how to get my internet back up and running , welp , looks like I have a novel to write , only 50,000 words short ;P 
I wish I knew what I want to be ... one more year before college and still ... nothing * Hangs head in shame * :/ 
Why is all the Rum gone ?? Lol g'night FB , chillax and take a break is all Imma say . 
I wish today was a lot different , but I have to deal with whats I got , I suppose :/ 
I wish you the absolute best , I wish you happiness beyond your years , and I wish for life to give you all the love you deserve , Rest In Peace . 
I hate you and all of you .... sadly the only ones I care for anymore are < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > , anyone else who gives me no reason to hate :/ see if you like this now ! 
< PROPFEMALE > C H R I S T M A S ! ! I hope that everyone is having an amazing Christmas and that those who aren't , well just know you got me and the love of others out there , if you guys need anything , know I'm here too , so no worries , kick back and have a great day and week off ! Plus there will be a lot of food , so stuff up . See you guys later , have fun for once , please :) see ya later all . 
Who ever came up with the poke button thing , I despise you . There's not plot to it , just poking back and forth and when I don't want to poke someone it pokes itself anyways , what the heck is up with that ?? 
I wish that the people I knew at my Base school , would want to get together and < PROPFEMALE > out for old life sake , I mean come on guys , call me and send me love ! Lol jk about the love part , oh crap , sorry , uh my cell is minuteless , as soon as I get some text me , please :) 
My new years resolution is to have more patients with people and try not to get mad , maybe it'll work , maybe not , who knows ? 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES 
I think my youngest little white puppy might have Parvo and that makes me uberly sad to hear about this .... :( 
I wonder if the guy im next to is the one . Time will tell :) <3 
Have you ever wanted to know how life would be if you had no friends ? well i know how that is and its not fun at all , enjoy the friends u have now or end up like me forever ago , alone.im happy @ this point , nothin can get me down !! yeah thats right , nothing !!!! 
Sometimes i hate love , only reason is the getting hurt or getting disappointed part , sml :( 
Ugh ! Mom wants a facebook , lol maybe i'll make her one :p 
Ever wonder y someone likes u ? I do , idk the reason y i make friends or even the reason y people like being my friend , all i can say is that im grateful . Thanks for being my friend & loving me , it never goes unnoticed <3 :) 
If there is one thing i wish to be @ this point , is to be a single child :'( uve hurt me seann , forgiving u will b harder than last time . 
What do i do ? Augh ! How can i forget the pain u caused me and be friends now ? Its hard and i wish inever went through all this aggrivation . I just wish things were different , its painful trying to let ur words slide from my shoulders , :'( im tired ... :( 
Anime withdrawls , how nice >:[ 
Ugh , test this friday and next thursday ... Oh and the beginning of today i called facebook , textbook ... Mornings suck x ~ x 
Today was a great day , but would have been amazingly great if < PROPMALE > would act like a pompus prick >:/ 
Wouldnt ... Sorry , im exhausted too . 
I have great and amazing news !! NSHSS baby ! Im goin places !! :P 
I wonder how many times do I have to tell you I just want some sleep ? I need rest , it's inevitable to need it ! But I want rest ! So why do you constantly send me txt's ? Just let me sleep . please . 
