hi my name is < PROPMALE > I'm a graduate from south stokes high and I am in a relationship looking to become a police officer so please if anyone is interested in talking to me about this please email me thanks ... 

just bored and taking quizzes while thinking about my fiance and how cool it is seeing old friends . 
Went to the < PROPFEMALE > Classic last night with my fiance . It was a lot of fun , glad to have a girl like her around . Had tons of laughs and smiles . No trouble at all except for running out of cash for a minute , haha . but it was all well worth it . 
had lots of fun today and can't wait for the next one . 
Life isn't about how many risk you take or how many injuries you substain along the way . It's how you push through the pain and solve the situation . Whether there's a team with you or you're alone . In order to live you must be willing to risk it all or nothing . To die is to live and to live is to dream . Either way < PROPFEMALE > every moment because it may not be another one like it around the next bend over the horizon . 
a sword is tested by its stength of the blade . A warrior is tested by their will to survive the fight . The results are always the same if neither is ready for the situation that lies ahead of them . 
it's not about how you use the weapon . it's about who's firing it . Gun control is about hitting your target instead of who's hands it's in . That's the parent's job to teach that lesson . Not the government's . Ease up on the gun preaching and let us every day people do the teaching . 
Politians live life telling lies while the working family lives their lives paycheck to paycheck . Guess the government has better things to do before the working family is finally able to live like they deserve to . 
You can corner a tiger but eventually it's going to fight back . Which means , just because you're strong or have more than the next , you shouldn't push it on them because eventually they're going to come right back at you . 
Love is like a sword . It can hurt deeply if your heart is broken but if you need something to live for and there's someone waiting for you , then it'll keep you alive and give you something to live for . The good news is that it's also free of charge as well . 
Education isn't just in the text books . It's in everything you do . 
mornings are natures way of saying \here we go again\ " haha " 
it's not how many shots that's fired during battle . It's how good you make them count that matters . 
a person's choices are like a game of black < PROPFIRST > . You're not always going to be the dealer or always get twenty one but you use the cards you have to work in your favor which in all hopes everything is eventually work its self out . 
Is one bullet not worth the price of saving one's life or someone else's ? Would it still be murder if you killed in order to protect your self or your love one ? Is justice to be by the law , god , or natural ? Whose side of the story really matters when all the smoke and ashes have cleared ? 
It's not the dog in the fight . It's the size of the fight in the dog . 
It's not about how hard you can hit , it's about how hard you can get hit and keep going . How much you can take and keep going . That's how winning is done ! - Slyvester Stallone from < PROPMALE > Balboa 
life's a game of < PROPMALE > . it all depends on how you live which will determine the difficulty . 
It maybe cold outside but the warmth of someone's heart and soul is what will keep you warm when it all comes down to it . 
It's not cold outside , it's just a cool breeze on a very weird summer day 
Is the price of life really worth all the oil in Kuwait ? Is one drop of blood worth one swallow of water ? Is living your life without someone to share it with worth living ? Is doing the right thing really doing the right thing ? 
Running on ice is like spinning tires on hot pavement . Sure you can do it for a little bit but sooner or later you're going to hurt something . 
When looking in the mirror are you seeing your self or who you think you are ? 
When in a fight to protect someone else , remember that if you lose then they lose . If you win then they win because they live to see another day because of you . 
If the only person you've ever loved turned around and loved someone else .... would you still love them or would you leave ? 
Is life a dream or a story that is being played out as you go along ? 
Is it possible to live and let die or is a memory or situation something you would onto for as long as you live ? 
after every thing that has been proved to be illogical or impossible , then what always remains is the truth . No matter how much you don't wish to believe it . 
Nothing is ever impossible , it's just really complicated . 
Is bringing natural justice to those that deserves it or should you let the law or god handle the situation ? Is it right or wrong ? Would it be right or wrong amongest the views of others or would it even matter ? 
If you don't try to save one life then you'll never save any . It's just a matter on how you save them . It can be by donating blood , giving them a meal that you were planning to eat , talking to them , defending them in a fight or from the shadows .... we're all meant for something good ... it's just that the world all has it own point of views on that term . 
It's not who you are but what you do that defines how you are looked at and who you are to the rest of the world . 
If you loving something they tell you to let it go , but I say if you love something or someone , then do everything you can to make it good , right , and true because if you love it enough then it'll be everlasting . 
The dark is feared but the light is loved . Little do most people realize it's not what you can't see but instead it's what you do see that makes you believe and question what lies ahead . 
It's up to us to find something worth fighting for and when we do , we need to pass that on to our children and grand children so that the future generations can fulfill whatever parts we missed along the way and help us live forever . 
It's not the fight that matter , it's a matter of who and why you're fighting them . You have to control the outcome because if you don't then you've already lost and if you're trying to protect someone ... well then they've lost too . That's why you have to keep your cool and determine your actions , attack and defend , watch your surroundings , and always never back down . 
starting to hate vehicles with about as much as computers . Just got a new 700 cold crank battery , a new alternator , and now got to go and get new tires too ! just replaced the spark plugs , changed the oil recently , got to fix the inside door hook so I don't have to roll my window down to open the door .... I just want another one with < PROPMALE > windows instead of power and please let it get good MPG's too ! 
oh and lastly but the most important of all .... let it be an American made vehicle ! That's unless it's a Honda Civic 1998 automatic coupe model .... then I won't complain as much , haha . 
If something isn't broken why fix it ? answer is , so you don't have to worry about it breaking ... at least for a while then you worry about what else you have to do later . 
when you look down the sights or optics of a firearm arm , it's not what or who you are shooting at . It's why and how you're shooting that matters . So if you're using your firearm to protect others you care about or hunting for food then that's gun control . 
The problem isn't lawful gun control , then problem is awful parenting skills that's causing situations or misuse of firearms to happen . Please if you're a parent or an older sibiling with a fire arm , teach the younger ones to keep their hands off of them until the proper age and also , keep your weapons stored in a safe place away from little children . That'll solve gun control issue out there . 
a battle won by strength alone is a war that's lost . a battle won by wits is a war that's lost as well . but a battle that is won by both strength and wits is a battle that is sure to win . 
congratulations to the Lady Saura's Soccer team last night defeating North Forsyth 0 - 9 . This game was one the best that I've seen in a long time . PS : Good job last night < PROPFEMALE > baby . Good luck against McMicheal tonight smoke those Phoenix out . 
Hold everyday close but hold the nights ever closer because the most important things are the ones that you can see and hold . The nights hold secrets awaiting to be answered while the days are full of the same old , same old . Look in the dark and < PROPFEMALE > the light with you . 
to kill one person for no reason is murder , to kill one hundred people is to be a tyrant , but to kill someone for self defense is considered right ... when all and all they're exactly the same thing just different consequences . 
it's not how many people you have around you that determines who you are . but instead it's who you hold closer to your heart and go home to that determines where your heart stands . 
Anger can darken one's mind but when the one you love is beside you , you can see clearly . Remember to hold those you care about close and never give into your darker emotions because your judgement shall always be clouded . 
sleeping alone more room for you , to sleep with the one you love is sharing everything you have including your heart . 
It's not how you take the shot , it's why you take the shot that matters in life . and always remember you can always come back to it later if you want to just be ready to take the shot when it presents its self to you . 
heroes aren't born or made , they're just the ones that stands up when the chips are down to lead the way . 
a leader isn't determined on how many medals they have or how far up in rank they are , a leader is determined by the person that is there when you need to be no matter how bad the situation is . 
to lead is to follow and to follow is to lead . learn one before you try to do the other . 
to believe something is impossible then it will always be that way . To believe the impossible is plausible then it might be accomplished . To believe that the impossible is always possible , then you'll always achieve what you're looking to do . 
Team work is like a piece of rope , one piece broken and then whole thing begins to fall apart . Working alone is single shot rifle , better hope it works because it's not going to be easy . That's why you need a team that works together while being able to think alone . 
Look at the flames in a fire pit . Each one is different and unique in their own way and each one is the same as well . They're beautiful to look at and yet deadly at the same time . This is how we humans are in life and fire is one of the best teachers of what we can do . 
There's no fight impossible to win but there are some fights that need to be left alone because the enemy maybe more determined that what you believe them to be . Always be sure of your choice of combat and pick your battles wisely because some are harder than others . 
you go to school most of your life to learn stuff that the education systems want to shove in your brain . but when you leave you come to understand that you never stopped learning , you just took on more subjects to study up on . Life and nature - the real lesson plan of this world . You just get a little help understanding that from a text book . 
Hold true to your self and your dreams and the people around you . And nothing shall be impossible , just a little difficult to get to because of the obstacles you've got to climb to get there . 
stay the course and never back down . because the fight up hill is always hard but the fight to stay on top is even harder . 
One bullet can determine more than just who is the < PROPFIRST > . It can also change the fate of the world in more ways than one . Nothing has ever been ended or started without a bullet being fired ... the only difference is who the shooter was . 
One part of the soul is good and the other is evil . One heart is pure and the other is tainted . But who can determine which is which by just looking at what is given ? 
Well my passed away on Saturday 20 March 2010 . She laid in my arms for a long time shaking and trying to breath but her neck was severly crushed and I had to put her down . It hurts like hell but in the end I guess it was the right thing to do . 
I still will never forgive my self for taking her life although she would've passed slower in pain instead of quickly ... but I had raised her from a baby pup , so she was like my own child . 
With every day though , is a new day and every day is a new bandage placed on the wound . If I ever find out who placed the dog house on her neck , then God best have mercy on them because I'm not . Animals that you've raised a lot harder to say good bye to than a human being . Mostly because humans control their outcomes and are able to be held accountable .... animals are not . 
So as I move on and look at every day as another sun rise , I shall protect the innocent as I always have and the guilty shall pay . Because the ones in the middle are the ones that suffer either way . Rest in Peace Angel ol ' girl and say hello to your mother in the after life as peace comes on to you . I'll see you when I get there and maybe then it'll be okay ... 
Yin and < PROPFEMALE > , dark and light . Good and evil , wrong or right . Life is a fight you shall fight through day and night . So look to your left and look to your right , hold your head upright and grip your weapon tight . Because the battle over the horizon , maybe the fight of your life . 
\Every dog has its day dog . and today dog just ain't your's\ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
It's not bullet that does the damage . It's the idea you can reach out and touch the enemy from hundreds of yards that makes them tuck tail and run . 
feeling a lot better since the past few days . Good to know that there are good people out there . Good people help make good memories .... good memories help keep you alive . 
one round may take out one enemy but it makes the other hundred dunk and cover until further notice . 
we wake up thinking today is just the same old thing just on another day ... truth is that it's just another with a new story to tell . 
nature is like humanity ... it lives , it dies , and it is given a < PROPMALE > to start over .... the only difference is that nature doesn't try to kill each other 
live like tomorrow doesn't exist , sleep as if you haven't slept for days , enjoy the company of your loved ones , and pass your knowledge of life on to the next generation to follow in the hopes of it being passed on to other someday . 
the rifle makes the weapon . the human with the weapon makes the shooter . the one that proclaims freedom and peace , makes the path to the future . 
a warrior is made up of these ingredinents : trust , honesty , loyality , emotions , and dependability , and friendship . Put these all together and you've got an unstoppable fighter on the battle field and off the battlefield you have a friend that'll always been there when you need them or when you ask them to be . 
to fight and win is to do your job properly . to fight and die is to pass into the after life . but to fight in order to protect another life .... no fight is known to be the hardest in life . 
just because one person carries a gun and the other guy has a knife doesn't mean the knife is going to lose . It just depends on the situation and the opponent's reaction to who takes control of the chess board . 
life is hard but decision making is even harder . Due in part to the fact that no decision is ever an easy one and every action no matter how good or bad , shall always have a consequence in the end . Both consequences can be good or bad as well . Just so long as it's the choice that you want and no one can change it , then it'll always be the right decision . 
when confronted in harm's way , there's always two choices . Either fight or run ... if you fight then show no fear and give it all you've got . But if you run , then be sure to always check your six to make sure there's no one else tagging along behind you . 
be polite and kind to everyone you meet . but be sure to be ready for anything in response to some one else's stupidity . Just make sure to make it quick and easy ;-) 
close quarters or long range , either way it's involving strategy just like a chess board . Just make sure to think straight but move quick . 
Stay loyal to the ones you love , stay strong to those you protect , stay proud of who you are , stay honorable in the battle ... but most of all stay true too all your virtues within your soul . 
Love your woman who is your one and only , love your family , love your self , and love life . But most of all , love the fact that you can protect them all when your fight is looking you right in the face . 
one person up against twenty or thirty isn't called being out numbered . it's called having a challenge ahead of them . 
just coming home to the one person you care about is enough to make a smile appear through the roughest of all days . 
smile and be polite to everyone you meet but always be prepared for anything . 
a fight isn't just about violence or who is doing what . A fight is based on what's the reason violence is being used and who it's being used against . Fight to only protect , never to destroy . 
honor , pride , wisdom , and skill ... these are the four ingredients to a warrior's arsenal , the rest always come naturally . 
take the fight to those that tell you that you can not . Take the hand shake to those that say you can but you'll need help along the way . Take the hugs to the ones that's there for you through thick and thin . 
don't just assuming everything is going in your direction because there's always some one out there to come around and flank your open spots . 
the difference between the one you love and associates that you meet in the world is that the one you love will always be with your through thick and thin . Associates , they'll find ways to ruin your reputation and your life if they can benefit from it in the long run . 
the only people I need in my life besides my self is my fiance , my family , and nature . Other than that , people come and people go but those are the main ones that stay true to the cause and stay the course . 
Live your life , love your woman and stay forever loyal to her , protect your family . Forget the world . 
if you want to find the truth to all things under answered , then look in the mirror and you'll see where the answers start . 
dare to dream , dare to succeed , dare to win , dare to fight to the end , dare it and all and gain power . Dare to love and you'll have everything . 
to be or not to be was the question asked to Hamlet , my question is to live or not to live because either way it's all just a dream that can be the best we've ever had and don't want to wake up from or it can be a nightmare that we wish would just end and start back from the beginning . 
always stand your ground and hold strong because the fight to succeed is long and hard , but everything proves worth it in the end . 
for anyone that says the pen is mightier than the swore has never faced a fully automatic weapon - General < PROPFIRST > S . Patton World War II 
Drama - the overly emotional reaction to anything that is really ridiculously stupid . \ 
Scene - the emotional take over of something happening that shouldn't\ 
Problem solver - the one with the loudest voice of the crowd . 
Victory at all costs , victory in spite of all terror , victory however long and hard the road may be ; for without victory there is no survival . - < PROPMALE > Churchill 
pissed off day at work . Damn corporate officials and managers . be glad when august gets here . getting married and start BLET training . 
Hoping that I can get into law enforcement full time so that I can finally go and do the career that I've always wanted to do and will be glad to go to work for . 
“Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live . ” – < PROPFEMALE > Thompson 
hoping < PROPFEMALE > gets better soon . Allergies are a pain to have to deal with . Just waiting to go to work and be bored again .... got most of the stock put out already . Might just go and < PROPFEMALE > out at the gun shop a little bit since I pretty much live there , haha . Love you < PROPFEMALE > babe . 
Die for something or live for nothing - Slyvester Stallone from Rambo 
It's not who you are underneath . It's what you do that defines you . - Batman Begins 
Standing your ground isn't the same as retaliating , it's just proving your believe in everything you stand for and willing to show it through your emotions to anyone that says you're wrong because you know that you're right . 
Know who you are , know what you can do , be faithful to the one you're with , and never let anyone try and tell you any different because then you'll change . Be who you are , not what people want you to be . 
They say curiousity has always killed the cat but how can you ever learn the lesson if you don't try to figure out what killed the cat ? 
Wedding date is finally set . August 12 , 2010 at 1930 hours . better yet in english 7:30 pm . Now just have to go through counciling with a preacher in order to get his corporation to marry me and < PROPFEMALE > together . hoping for the best . 
well with all the bad news on the media I found something on < PROPFEMALE>'s Funniest Home videos that made my day . It was a video of a guy eating something in a bowl and he sat it down in front of the cat . The cat sniffed the bowl and then vommited right beside of it . But what made it so funny was the guy saying \you know you're bad cook when you get a reaction like this from something that eats mice . \"" 
Counting down the days until August 4 , 2010 at 0800 in the morning . Final test for BLET training at Rockingham Community College ! Ooyah ! Then after that 17 August 2010 at 0800 training starts ! OOyah double time ! 
No decision is ever an easy decision , that's why it's called living life and learning . Because if everything was out there for us to know then life wouldn't be as adventrous . 
You can't put everything on the book and hope it all comes true ... You've sometimes just got to stand up on your own two feet and face every challenge head on to see if the answer was already there . 
When one door closes another one opens , when the next door doesn't want to open , just strap a charge to it and blow it down then step in to inspect the next room . Besides who knows , it might have just been worth alerting everyone else where you are . 
No challenge is ever easy ... but sometimes the blood , sweat , tears , scars , and pain that comes with it may end up being rewarding in the end . Fight for what you want in life and don't let anyone tell you that you never can because can't never could and never would . But can would , did , and will always . 
Freedoms are never free . There's always a cost that comes with every freedom , that's why you should always fight for what is right and for what you believe in . 
Hope to god that every day is a new day , pray that nothing ever goes wrong , swear that you'll do your best to make each day better than the last . 
Nothing is ever given to you and nothing should be stolen . So if you really want something , challenge the ones that stand in the way of your goals and take all their words and make them regret them . 
If you want questions , look to the books . If you want knowledge , look to the teachers . If you want to dream , look to the stars . If you want to hold all that is and shall be , look through your own eyes . 
Challenge the world in everything you do and never say never because nothing is ever impossible unless you make it that way . The only thing impossible is giving up . 
It's not the fight that is hard , it's the person fighting the fight that makes it hard . If you believe you can then you will ... all you've gotta do is believe . 
ATV's , mud , trails , tall grass , tree , more fun to go around . Just don't get stuck ! 
One target - easy , two targets - a challenge , three targets - skill , four targets or more - pop shot ! 
Camoflauge in the stores is what you wear to make people think you've been hunting . Real camoflauge is what you do when you get to your location . 
don't ever think what you're seeing is the whole picture , because in the back ground always something you'll miss if you're not paying attention to it . 
look one way , you might make it . look both ways , you'll increase your odds . Look everywhere and it could save your life or someone else's . 
For every step in life there's another challenge aroung the bend . But if you love your self , love your life , and love your family and your wife . Then there's always going to be someone there to help to pick you up when you fall . 
Married 12 August 2010 at 1930 and start BLET training 17 August 2010 at 0800 . I'm excited and thank you to everyone that was able to come . Now , for my new job as a husband . ;-) Things change as far as statis but my personality is still the same . PS : Enjoying the weather here in the mountains . Lots of clouds and rain , ;-) 
Love a lot , smile often , laugh when things seem hard , fight the good fight , but overall , live a life worth living a thousand times so you may have the < PROPMALE > of doing all over again . 
And I just can't keep living this way\ 
So starting today , I'm breaking out of this cage\ 
I'm standing up , Imma face my demons\ 
I'm manning up , Imma hold my ground\ 
I've had enough , now I'm so fed up\ 
Time to put my life back together right now - Eminem's Not Afraid 
finished up with week one of BLET . Getting prepared for week two . Can't wait until December 18 to graduate the class and then find a department to go to and join the SRT team . Maybe I'll get lucky and join with Stokes county SRT at first to get my feet wet and then move on to a bigger department . 
Week two of BLET done . Starting to love PT now too . It's hard work trying to study the laws , go to the gym , study more laws and then PT but you know what ? It's all going to be worth it in the end ! After BLET I'm wanting to get on with SRT . 
All my test grades in BLET are between 88 and 100 on every test ! Can not wait until graduation and then I'm waiting for the < PROPMALE > to get onto Stokes County SRT ! I'm hoping . ;-) 
http://videogames.yahoo.com/events/plugged-in/gamers-lend-support-to-widow-of-heroic-developer/1410899 
Just because you're hurt doesn't mean you can't keep fighting ... get up because until you hear a bell ... the round isn't over until it's over . 
one bullet hurts , the second one just ticks you off , the third one slows you down , but then the enemy gives up because after three rounds and still fighting back ... you're showing them you're never going to stop coming . 
Size isn't everything right ? but hey , which firearm are you afraid of ? The guy with the pea shooter or the guy carrying a fully automatic . 50 BMG machine gun ? ;-) something to think about . 
If someone is hitting on you with everything they have and you don't have nothing left to hit back with ... that's not called taking a beating ... it's called bapistism under fire because you've got to sit there and take it in order to survive and earn the world's respect . 
\We cheat \ 
Finances , work , looking to get into my career , making sure everything is suppose to go as plan , trying to keep the peace , trying to do a ton of things at one time and always trying to think one thousand steps ahead .... damn sure is frustrating and keeps ticking me off everytime it's mentioned or I'm around it . I need a trip to the mountains or something ... 
Enjoying the cold air and the beauty of the snow on the grass and trees . Winter is really the best season for everything . Not to mention it's great for running ! 
Just when you think you don't have anything left inside you to keep you in the fight , that's when you always find the answer to why you fight in the first place . Fight for your pride and honor , fight for what you know is right , and always fight to make it home to your love ones because they're always going to be what drives you that one step further than what you thought you could go . 
Looking forward to my next time of going out shooting . The cold weather makes the time last longer because the barrel stays cooler ... the MP3 helps too . Also , getting ready for my job interview monday ... hope things go well ... actually I know they will . 
Think not of what is not impossible but only of what is deemed improbable because there is nothing in this world that is impossible it just hasn't happened yet . - in a book I found at Barnes and < PROPMALE > bookstore . 
Keep your hopes up for those in Japan . Got some good news that there are some survivors but let's hope more will appear . Wish the people there a lot of hope and hope that the nuclear reactors there can be cooled soon too . 
Well found out some great news this week ! Walmart in Mayodan has brought back their firearms and are now selling them again ! Yeah ! Now I have Dicks Sporting Goods , < PROPMALE>'s Gun Shop , Wal-Mart , and Sports Authority to check out ! oh yeah , and let's not forget Daddy Rabbit's Gun shop either ! Oh yeah ! 
One of the greatest lines ever said \ We are who we are . Now we can make a choice . We either die for something ... or live for nothing ... \"" 
May the family and friends of < PROPFIRST > have the strength to continue on and may < PROPFIRST>'s soul rest peacefully in the afterlife . My sorrows and condolences go out to you all . 
Just waiting for a day to go to the range and train with some new drills I've come up with and have been seeing done by other competition and combat shooters . Mix them both together and you've got a great arsenal for your training < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just looked at my paycheck that I'm getting this Friday and damn it feels good to see such a good payment for hard work . 43.09 hours and I love it ! Who knew that volunteering to work more hours to help get things done would ever pay off , ha , ha . Ooyah baby 
Still can't wait to get into law enforcement though while keeping my part time job that a way I can make ends meet and also have extra cash if I need it . and It'll help pay for training too . 
