Another new year < PROPFEMALE > alone . Awesome 

If yo ? ended 2010 single , p ? t this ? s yo ? r st ? t ? s . If someone inboxes yo ? ? he ? rt , they w ? nt to be with yo ? in 2011 
Chillin with with my cousin < PROPMALE > . Pullin another all-nighter 
Just attended a \funeral\ " with a cousin " 
I've been home for a bit and i'm already back into the same old nothingness 
My car passed inspection ! Ha haa . Suck it other people with nice cars ! 
In my boredom i'm applying for every job possible 
Now back to the school to fill out more paper work , damn i need to switch colleges 
When i got back from the school i got a call from one of the jobs i applyed for . Sweet ! 
Got an interview at 1 , so I'm going to spend the morining doing nothing 
Back from that interview 
Another crapy day . How fun ! What shoud i do first ? Rip off my arm ? 
Waiting for that phone call . And being bored like always 
VPN is up and running again but my FTP still isn't working 
Finally this long day is over . Now i get to enjoy the longer one tomorrow . Doesn't that sound exciting !? 
I HATE the heat ! 
I cant sleep anymore . It's weird cuz i only went to sleep like 3 hours ago . It's just too hot 
Just got back from another interview and its still hot 
Got another interview tomorrow at 3:30 
Got that job 
I just noticed that people like to say \burn in hell\ " but there really isn't any burning going on . Matter of fact the 9th circle is full of ice " 
I'm having a hard time keeping these damn viruses out of my computer . For some reason its still in there even though i got supposedly got rid of it and now i can boot into safe mode . Today SUCKS 
Wake is over . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > 
Wedding over . We were taking a crap load of pictures and videos 
Every one is asleep but me and my brother-in-law and I'm bored 
Just fixed < PROPFEMALE>'s computer . Now on to T's computer 
Wake up in the morning feeling like Winehouse . ( Hey , what up girl ? )\ 
Grab my breezer , I'm out the door\ 
I'm gonna be really loud , \ 
Cuz I don't care who I piss off\ 
Yeah , I'm a real big sinner . \ 
Sometimes , I eat my dessert before my dinner . 
Looks like I might be switching to mercy college in the Bronx 
Why can't he call her cell ? Noooooo . He had to wake me up so i can wake her up . That sir is an impossible feat . She can sleep through a hurricane . Lol . Now i can't go back to sleep 
I have to download made stuff now . Lol . At least i got something to do . Along with finishing < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding video 
It's HOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I need to get out 
Its nice and cold in my room . Lets hope it stays that way 
O qd lg wgktr !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Beach is over . Now time for humungulous pizza 
Damn that damn car and all its damnness ! 
I've been playin COD since i woke up at 9 somethin 
Just watched Repo Men . Why havent i seen this movie earlier ? I asked the same question when i saw Kick-Ass 
I faced my destroyer , I was ambushed by a lie , And you judged me once for falling , This wounded heart will rise 
I just bought a car . Bringing it home tomorrow . 
COD ! 
I got my car 
Parents should not be allowed to touch things . Now i can't find my proof of residency paper 
So you tell me how do you know you exist ? How do you know that your entire life isn't just part of someones imagination ? 
Passed inspection 
Blessed are you who hunger now , for you will be satisfied . Blessed are you who weep now , for you will laugh . 
Whoa , death someone would pray Could you wait to call me another day The children prayed , the preacher preached Time and mercy is out of your reach I'll fix your feet til you cant walk I'll lock your jaw til you cant talk I'll close your eyes so you can't see This very air , come and go with me 
The more things change the more they stay the same 
I've seen a < PROPMALE > man beg I've seen a good man sin I've seen a tough man cry I've seen a loser win And a sad man grin I heard an honest man lie I've seen the good side of bad And the down side of up And everything between 
I’ll burn my tomorrows And I stand inside today At the edge of the future And my dreams all fade away 
What is Your Inner Self ? -- My Result : A Smokelike Person . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/93348/referrals/status?aid=100001316825650 
Children\ 
with special needs do not have an illness . It's not contagious . They \ 
only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request to \ 
anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at \ 
least an hour ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honor for \ 
all children who need a little extra help 
Some people should have never been born . They shouldn't be allowed to plague the world with their presence 
Classes start tomorrow but got to go in for work today 
The damn Xbox is freezing up 
Judge not a man by the size of his wallet but by the size of his heart 
First day of classes my 6 to 9:10 was cut short so i've been chillin at the school to annoy my professors . Lol . Good times 
Class at 9 tomorrow 
You look like an angel Walk like an angel Talk like an angel But I got wise You're the devil in disguise 
Screw this 
My class is about to start . Damn this math ! from 1:30 - 3:45 
Finally had a class with < PROPMALE > . It's about damn time 
What the hell is wrong with people ? 
No class for me today . I love these holidays 
Palisades interstate parkway west 
To class then to bother my cousin < PROPFIRST > Crespo 
I'm bored !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
You know sometimes it feels like I'm the only one who can see the truth . That life is just an absurdist comedy . And the only appropriate response is to laugh 
Some people should have never been born 
You\ 
know sometimes it feels like I'm the only one who can see the truth . \ 
That life is just an absurdist comedy . And the only appropriate response\ 
is to laugh 
Project completed . I wanted to get every detail right . It was done a few days ago but i got side tracked from the final look at it 
If i had a nickle for every time I had a migraine that lasted days and hurt like hell . I would be the richest person on earth 
Have class at 1:30 so i have to be out of here by 12:30 . Then work right after . I'll be home around 10:10 or so . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! Rest in peace . You will be missed 
Firesheep hacked . Lol . I'm going to get sooooooo many people with this . I'm gonna sit in the library during the common hour on thursday and see how many people i get . I may even do it at work 
Internet is back . Yay ! Now it's gonna take me forever to catch up with all this homework 
Today sucks so far . I hate town of wallkill cops ! 
These people i call my sisters are loud as hell ! 
Just got out of work . Gonna play with my new phone 
I'm I the only one bored with my life ? 
Can I do nothing right ? Damn 
Got to leave to class soon . Then work till 10:45 but knowing my job . I'll be home by 12 
Getting ready for work soon . Sitting here bored till then 
Been on campus since 12 . And my class starts at 1:30 
Shhhhhhh . My common sense is tingling 
My GPA is now 3.8 . Yay ! Lol 
Very mature . Call my family low lives 
One of the worst days ever . I fucking hate today 
Mounted my tv and shelves yesterday . Everything is set up . Now to clean what's left 
Fun . Finally 
Just another day . Now sleep . School at 8 in the morning tomorrow 
About to drive to C o-o p to pick up this stupid car title for my dad . Even though i told him i have work to do . But who cares ? As long as he has his car 
Bartow mall . I haven't been here in forever 
Yo middletown people I'm in P.A. and the high-school here has the same mascot as our school . With the same damn colors . Original right ? 
Happy birfday grandma < PROPFEMALE > ! May you rest in peace 
New laptop ! Woohoo ! Lol . Alot smaller . Alot faster . i5 baby . About to download oovoo 
SIBLING WAR !! Copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands an hour without your brothers & sisters protesting , then you win ! 
It makes me wonder 
I got up an hour ago . And now i'm just sitting here doing some mind mapping . Getting really bored . 
OMG ! < PROPFEMALE > is controlling my computer ! 
