Had a great time playing on jet skis at Lake < PROPFIRST > last weekend ! 

I got an offer on my house this morning ! Lots of details to work out but it looks promising . I'm so excited ! 
Charmin , I love the Olllie pop song ! < PROPFIRST > , Id love to hear more about how and what you are doing . 
Went hiking in Dupont State < PROPMALE > today . Took a trail we shouldn't have and I have wounds to prove it ! ( Nothing serious ) Hiked all the way up to High Falls . I'm tired ! Went to the Flat Rock Playhouse Saturday . Great show ! 
On my way to < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend to take a test to prove that I am qualified to teach the classes I have been teaching for years . Wonder what happens if I don't pass ? Oh well ! House closing stuff is going well . That's all I care about at the moment 
Had to give my cockateil to a new home because he was causing my allergies to act up . Bummer ! 
I don't know but that's a very good idea . I'll see if I can find out . 
School starts Tuesday and I'm already overwhelmed ! House closes Wed Yeah ! I've got to get the rest of my stuff out this week end then spend the rest of the weekend at school . Homeowner's Association stuff getting very intense ( I'm secretary ) dealing with a situation we inherited . Never dull moment . 
My house closed today ! Yeah !! End of 2 years of paying 2 mortgages and endless upkeep . Exhausted after the first week of school but celebrating tonight anyway . 
I need good thoughts tomorrow . Have to attend the funeral of a long time friend who unexpectedly died last week end and face my ex-husband ( 32 years ) at the same time . 
It just dawned on me . Don't you have a birthday around now too ? You're getting up there yourself ! 
I have to find time to clean out my garage so I can get my car back in --- had to scrape my windshield 2 days in a row . It's full of the last stuff from the house . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! 
Woke up at 4:00 Friday morning with water pouring from my dining room ceiling . The toilet in the condo above me was overflowing and had been for hours . < PROPMALE > damage on both floors of my condo . All carpet had to be pulled up and huge blowers and demudifiers put up to dry it out . It was 98 degrees in the condo yesterday . I'm staying with < PROPMALE > for the week end . Never a dull moment ! 
Work still has not started on my condo . I'm back in the Red House Inn , my new home for a few weeks , after a weekend with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
Back in the Red House Inn , my new home away from home , after a weekend with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Work still hasn't started on my condo . Insurance red tape is so much fun . 
Does anyone know a reasonable place to get prefinished hardwood flooring ? I've heard about a surplus place in Hendersonville . Anybody know where it is ? 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and I had a great weekend at Snowshoe , WV . Skied till every muscle in our body was sore and we could barely stand and wonderful dinners in the evening . Fun ! 
Butler ???? No way . Go Duke !! ( since < PROPFEMALE > isn't in it ) 
Back in my condo after almost 3 months . Freshly painted , new carpet , hardwoods upstairs . Nice . Now all I have to do is unpack all these boxes and figure out where in the world I had all this stuff ! 
My fabulous daughter brought her decorator friend with her from < PROPFEMALE > yesterday and the two of them completely rearranged and redecorated my condo in about 4 hours . Although she took my church bench in the process but it was worth it ! Awesome ! 
Does anybody have an idea where I could find buckwheat or millet pillows ? I used to have one and would love another but no one seems to < PROPFEMALE > them any more . 
Does anyone know where I can find buckwheat or millet pillows ? I used to have one and would love to have another but nobody seems to < PROPFEMALE > them anymore . 
I'm off for a week in the Dominican Republic with a friend . Flying out of < PROPFEMALE > this afternoon . Hope I packed everything ! 
On my way to school to get a head start on the first official day of school for teachers tommorow . Bummer , after a way too short fun summer ! 
Crazy beginning of the year . I'm so exhausted . Only two more to go ! I would much rather be playing tennis or golf ! 
Finally driving my own car again after 2 weeks of a rental because < PROPMALE > backed into it in my driveway 2 weeks ago . Yeah ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > VIRUS spreading like wildfire on FaceBook ! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your ... list ... adds her ... then you get the virus too ! ... Please copy and ............... paste to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES . COM 
Thanks to everybody for the birthday wishes ! I can not be this old ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is able to see everyone's phone number . Go to Account , Edit Friends , \ 
Click on Phonebook on the left to see for yourself . To turn yours off \ 
go to Account , Privacy Settings , Click on Customize Settings . Scroll down until you find Mobile \ 
Number and edit the settings . I did custom settings then selected ME 
Thanks to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for an awesome Birthday bunch this morning ! 
This year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days ... based on Chinese Feng Shui .... copy within 11 min ... good luck ! 
Spent most of the weekend trying on boots to no avail . < PROPFEMALE > Brand , Frugal Backpacker , Discount Shoes -- I think I tried on every pair of boots they had . That's a lot of boots by the way . Did any of them fit ? Nooooo . I guess I'm not meant to wear boots ! 
Christmas decorating this weekend . Christmas parade and Twilight Tour will help get me in the mood ! 
Had a fun but cold ski trip to Cataloochee yesterday . Went to Wolf Ridge first but couldn't get up their hill . Roads were bad up there . 
I can't believe it's snowing again ! It hadn't started when I went to I play tennis and the ground was covered when I came out an hour and a half later . Great big pretty flakes . We may not get a spring break this year . 
I'm not superstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese FengShui . The one who does not copy ,... will be without money . I can't let that person be ME !! 
Had a fun ski trip to Sugar mountain Friday and dinner at a great tapas restaurant after . Nice warm up for Utah in March ! I guess I'll have to get up and go to school tomorrow . Sigh . 
Fun tennis mixer at the racquet club today . Lots of fun tennis , good food and good people ! 
Woke up at 3:00 this morning and couldn't go back to sleep thinking about all the beginning of semester stuff I needed to do at school so I finally gave up , got up and was at school by 6:30 . Unreal ! I am not a morning person ! Got a few things done , though . Maybe I can sleep tonight . 
