yeah ... fucked in the head 

thinkin about shit that will never happen and expecting shit that has no doubt 
i turned around to get my twistie cone .... and i fuckin missed it 
better faster stronger 
And I know what ladies like Need a man that's polite , listens and takes advice I could be all three , plus I can lay the pipe Come with me come stay the night 
Fuck that show the jersey shore ... seaside is for shoobie ... that show should be called shoobies 
My New Years Resolution is to be a Fuckin Bad Ass 
26 jello shots and a 12 pack ... i think im living up to my new years resolution 
630 in the mornin ... still goin strong ... all alone 
I was born in a bomb crater , my Mother was an M-16 , and my Father was the Devil . 
is comin home today 
I'll be back in SEA ISLE this weekend whats goin on hit me up 
SEA ISLE tonight OD , LaCosta who knows 
OUT all day UP allllll night and still can't fuckin sleep 
i gotta get away this place is drivin me nuckin futs 
SOOOO fuckin hungover its not even funny ... but im still laughin 
goin back to shit hole VA again 
If something is worth fighting for ... It's worth fighting dirty for it . 
prolly beachin it in sea isle all day whats good 
HITTIN THE BARS IN SEA ISLE IN A LITTLE WHILE ... WHO'S COMIN ??? 
Looks like the OD tonight hit me up 
did i mention that my phone is in two pieces ? hit me up tho i got a new one SEA ISLE all night 
no phone ... beat 
IHOP !! 
SPAIN !!!! HERE WE COME 
HEY ! SPAIN !... IM GONNA GET YA 
MADRID !!! tired as shit ... waiting to finish the trip up ... on more flight 
well ... i'm in spain ... whats good , its fuckin beautiful .. and i love life right now ... hit me up if u wanna know anything 
HEY ... TEL ME RIGHT NOW ... What the fuck do u know about SPAIN !!! haha living the fuckin life 
thinkin about u ;-) 
thinkin about u baby 
Some things just don't change . 
kinda miss those lazy days and wild nights 
Buenas noches desde España 
kicked some ass playin softball 
beavers , woodchucks , squirrels .... rabbits , mice , and moose 
FUCK HIKING ! POINTLESS ASS BULLSHIT 
cant wait for the weekend ... definatley goin out for some halloween partying 
PHILLIES BETTER BE WHOOPIN SOME ASS TONIGHT 
When am i gonna find mine ? 
I better wake up to the Phillies getting ready for game seven .... night 
Buenas noches desde Espana 
way way way way way tooooo drunk last night .... never drinking again ... hahahaha yeah right 
I'm HUNGRY !!! 
Es hora de partido en España 
oooooooooooooooooooooo nooooooooooooooooooo ...... iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii knooooooooooooowwww 
< PROPFEMALE > s die , that's what we're here for . But the < PROPFEMALE > Corps lives forever . And that means I'll live forever . 
Be Safe Sleep With A < PROPFEMALE > 
kicked my fuckin ass at the gym 
Spain ... who woulda thought 
People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf . 
jager bomb slushee for thanksgiving ... mmmmmmmmm 
Well ... its thanksgiving ... im drunk ... in spain ... and i still love my fuckin life ... whats really fuckin good 
Drinking beer doesn't make me fat , It makes me lean .... Against bars , tables , chairs , and poles . ” 
A drunk mans words are a sober man's thoughts . and You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on . 
Well I guess it would be nice If I could touch your body I know not everybody Has gotta body like me But I gotta think twice Before I give my heart away 
monday mornin pt ... the worst 
WHO HATES TRAINING ?? 
range all day ... FFFUUUCCCKKK !!! 
Mr. Officer if you come to take her , then that means one of us gonna end up in a stretcher 
hands are shaking cold , these hands are meant to hold 
even hero's have the right to bleed and dream 
turned the third on himself cause the bastard knew ... 
IM OUTTTTT !!!! 
... i got three < PROPFEMALE > bullets and im shootin for your soul ... 
what you've done is put yourself between a bullet and a target and it wont be long before you're pulling yourself away 
be safe ... sleep with a < PROPFEMALE > 
wooohooooo up at 5am for feild day inspection ... FML ! 
hittin the gym ... trying to get big ya know 
i want you ... to treat me like you used to ... 
DRINK AND DRINK AND DRINK AND DRINK AND DRINK AND DRINK AND FIGHT !!!! 
just got done at the gym ... food and shower 
going to get big 
cant fux with it 
FUCK FIELD DAY ............ GYM bbl much later 
power hour !!!!!!!!!!!!!! whoooooooooooooo 
I drink to make other people interesting 
power hour is like cheese .... you can put it with anything and make it better 
cant stop it with the wheels in my hand 
shootin rockets 
fuck you im drunk , fuck you im drunk ... pour my beer down the sink , ive got moore in the trunk ...... fuck you im drunk , fuck you im drunk .... and im going to be drunk until the next time im drunk 
Feild Meet tomorrow ... FML 
man who lives by the pistol ... dies by the smoking gun 
i need a vacation home 
Time waits for no one 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ... FML 
well i drank a few too many jello shots tonight .... im gonna eat and pass the fuck out 
Those days are gone ... and we can't keep holding on 
Fuck it ... i'm out 
FUCK THE FUCK OFF ! 
4am and too drunk to think of an excuse to go to sleep 
Them good old boys were drinkin whiskey and rye Singin , \this'll be the day that I die . \"" 
FUCK MY FUCKING LIFE ... this party is gonna be fuckin retarted 
I'm gonna fight ' em all . A nation army couldn't hold me back 
get me the fuck outta here 
Everyone knows about ME ... From the < PROPFEMALE > of England to the Hounds of Hell 
I will not fall ... I will stand tall ... Feels like noone can beat me 
May you always be courageous Stand upright and be strong May you stay forever young 
Fuckin Rain shittin on my day again 
what the fuck is it with season finales pissing me the fuck off 
Fuck it , im out ... 
just woke up ... gonna hit the gym ... bbl 
For years and years and years and years And you never left me no messages Ya never send me no letters You got some kinda nerve Taking all my world 
i need a beer 
WHERE HAS ALL THE RUM GONE 
im ready to come home 
If we're dry for another weekend someone is gonna get hurt . 
Happiness damn near destroys you Breaks your faith to pieces on the floor So you tell yourself , that’s enough for now Happiness has a violent roar 
When you feel all alone And a loyal friend is hard to find You're caught in a one way street With the monsters in your head When hopes and dreams are far away and You feel like you can't face the day You're not alone 
I wanna rock and roll all night , and party everyday . 
going to be in the feild for a few days ... talk to you when i get back 
3 day days knee deep in mud .... good training right ? 
wasting away in margeritaville 
I walk for < PROPMALE > inside this pit of danger I've swallowed down a thousand years of anger The weight of the world is falling on my shoulders A place where no one follows me ; I walk alone 
I have been wanting you for so long I wanna treat you like you wanna be treated I wanna see you as you wanna be seen 
ooooooo shower time ! 
Call me Mr. Flinstone , I can make your bedrock 
about to hit the gym ... wish this week of bullshit would be over 
Food and shower time ... 
mmmm shower time 
i cant fuckin wait to go to a bar say \can i get a beer\ " instead of \ " cerveza ? \"" 
Sometimes I get a feeling , Deep in my soul Sometimes I get a feeling , I just can't control Sometimes I get a feeling , Deep in my heart 
She pop them extasies and get that cotton mouth heavy I give her a bottle of water bitch break out sweatin And then she get straight to that head like a fuckin excedrin 
the days grows shorter and the nights last for days ... it feels like we're running outta time 
yup . just banged my head on the corner of a cabinet and it really fuckin hurt ... FML 
No more holding it in ... How many years can I pretend , Nothing ever goes the way it should . No more sitting in this place Hoping you might see it my way Cause I don't think you ever understood That what I'm looking for are the answers To why these questions never go away 
Better use the latex cause i don't want the \i'm late\ " text " 
Son when you grow up , would you be the savior of the broken , the beaten and the damned ? 
I'm on my high horse , please don't shoot me down , I land feet flat Then walk a million < PROPMALE > with Sea Isle on my back 
bed ... hopefully i can sleep tonight 
dream of californication 
what the FUCK !!!!!! 
i need a fuckiin < PROPFIRST > 
lovin life .... ya know 
diggin holes in the rain ... and then filling them back in ... AWESOME !! 
off to the gym be back in a coupe hours 
Fucked around and turned me down Cuz she didn`t think i could play the part But now the prom < PROPFEMALE > Is crying sittin` outside of my door See you never know how everything could turn around 
its my life ... fuck you 
ready to go home ... 
so i went to the gym ... and picked myself up some abs 
DEEEEEEEEEEE BEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
anyone who has never made a mistake on something ... has never tried it 
i think someone shit on or around the coats 
fuck all you fake ass bitches 
ur like a hot revolver but you aint killin noone but urself 
i told her i can be with her , but i can't be with her , as much as she like me to 
call me mr. flitstone ... i can make your bedrock 
hey yo bitch 
oooooooo small malaysian salmon 
nobody's perfect , but maybe .......... you're someone is me 
If I need some other love Give me more than I can stand And when my smile gets old and faded Wait around I'll smile again 
shower food bed ... im out 
its only monday and its already a shitty week 
5 mile stretcher run ... fusmc 
less than 3 years left 
fighters never quit and quitters never win 
why the fuck is everyone retarted on friday morning 
some of them want to get abused by you 
bab bad things 
1 mile no sweat , 2 < PROPMALE > warmin up , 3 < PROPMALE > gimme some more , 4 < PROPMALE > we done yet ?, 5 < PROPMALE > FML ...... 
dammit ... i sneezed on my cock and balls ...... hahaha 
single for a few years now and ... still not looking ... is that weird 
well im just gonna write off yesterday as never happening and move on 
hooooootie hooooooo 
Well a son's gonna rise in a mile In a mile You'll be feeling fine In a mile you will see After me You'll be out of the dark , yeah You'll get your shot 
grilllllllllin 
nd i looked and behold a pale horse and his name that sat on him was death and hell follwed with him 
oh please say to me you'll let me be your man and please say to me you'll let me hold your hand now let me hold your hand i wanna hold your hand 
If I was to smile and I held out my hand If I opened it now would you not understand Because you know if I'm to benefit I'll do everything that I can And who of you are like me 
get me ... the fuck .... OUTTA HERE 
softball team 1-0 ... here we goooo 
drunk didddy drunk drunk drunk 
hit the beach 
fuck it ... im out 
fuck this stupid squad comp 
gonna shoot guns and shit 
gym ... then starts \The Beer and Beach Weekend\ " ... whootie whooooo " 
well ... i had a bad ass night 
gotta get away .... 
all you did was wreck my bed , then in the morning kicked me in the head 
... i had to rearrange all their faces and change all their names ... 
time isn't wasted when you're getting wasted 
our scars remind us the past is real 
ohhh its < PROPFEMALE > close ... 
i guess ill go to the gym ... duces 
#1 ... whootie whoooo 
do we need it ? NO .... do we want it ? YEAHHHH 
in the fuckin U S of A 
im in < PROPFEMALE > but my phone took a shit like last week so no phone for now 
got my phone back but still dont have < PROPFIRST > so hit me up or leave me ur number on here 
Cinco de mayo ... One more reason to go get some beeeeeeeeers 
Atlantic city tonight ... Who's in ? 
may you build a ladder to the starts and climb on every rung , and stay forever young 
Let's go flyers 
who wants to get married ? 
LET'S GO FLYERS !!!! GAME 7 LET'S FUCKIN GO 
Now that's how you do it flyers 
When am I gonna catch a fuckin break ? 
Here we go flyers 
Cause if you wanna go\ 
Baby , let's go\ 
If you wanna rock , \ 
I'm ready to roll\ 
And if you wanna slow down , \ 
We can slow down together\ 
If you wanna walk , \ 
Baby , let's walk 
shitty fuckin week ... looks like im gonna have to blow off some steam this weekend .... A LOT of steam 
dime piece friday !!! 
here we go fly guys 
LINGERER !!! 
lets go fly guys 
flyers r shittin right now 
Tequilla on a monday ? Is that weird ?... Not if the flyers are playing a kickin some ass too . 
behold a pale horse : and his\ 
name that sat on him was Death , and Hell followed with him . And power\ 
was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth , to kill with\ 
sword , and with hunger , and with death , and with the beasts of the earth 
FLYERS VS . BLACKHAWS < PROPMALE > CUP !!!!!!!!! HERE WE GO 
oh yeah ...... fuck chicago blackhawks too 
Sea Isle this weekend ... whos up for some partying ?? 
Sea Isle this weekend ... i need < PROPFIRST > still ... so send me some 
Lacosta and the OD tonight anyone ? 
FUCK my head still hurts .... fuck it them fly guys r winning .......... LETS GO FLYERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
no shower happy hour anyone ? 
LETS GO FLYERS !!! 
Life is good 
cant wait for this weekend its gonna be great 
I'll be in sea isle tonight hit me up 
Yes I am up at 4am ... Fuck my life 
It is a military\ 
tradition that true friends can go long periods of time without\ 
speaking and never question their friendship . These friends pickup just\ 
like they spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how\ 
far apart they live . REPOST this if you are lucky enough to have at\ 
least one friend like this 
Big Gulps huh ?... well ... see ya later 
cant wait for cali 
Gettin the fuck up outta here 
Arkansas ... What a winner 
TEXAS !!! 
< PROPFIRST > , TX 
I miss my baby so bad ... I love you < PROPFEMALE > 
Well < PROPFIRST > , TX sucks ass 
I pissed in the grand canyon today 
About pull into hollywood 
I miss my baby ... 
I've got three < PROPFEMALE > bullets and I'm shootin for your soul 
From the glass lined tanks of OLD LATROBE 
Lost everyones < PROPFIRST > again hit me up with yours 
I'm gonna build us a ladder to the stars and we'll climb on every rung 
2500 left handed people die every year using right handed products 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > 
WHAT THE FUCK !!!!!! 
I absolutely hate being away from my baby whom just so happens to be the most amazing girl in the whole world 
Guy likes to rip throats ... Nothin I can do about it 
Lately I've been wandering off the narrow path you've given me so many things that I've never had and all in all I know it's you that always pulls me through if you reach deep inside you'll see my heart is true 
I got fired for making a shrimp slushee . Why did you do that ? Because I was hungry and thirsty . 
21 hours no sleep and at least 7 more ... FML 
I miss her so bad 
< PROPFEMALE > corps ball ... Sweet 
I ran until my muscles burned and my veins pumped battery acid ... And then , I ran some more 
I love my lady 
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend < PROPFEMALE > 
ICE-T your so old , the first thing you bought with your record deal was your freedom 
I have the most beautiful and amazing girl in the world , i love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Shitrit 
if u see me fightin a bear u better jump in and help the bear ... and if u ever dream about fuckin with me u better wake up and tell me you're sorry , and if youu're ever on the phone with god and you see me callin you better click over and see what i want . 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is\ 
to not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight\ 
against child abuse & copy & paste to your stat to invite your\ 
friends to do the same do it do it 
I love my lady sooooo much . You're amazing baby 
Metaphysically wrinkle free ? 
I wish i was laying on a warm beach looking a turquoise water sipping on an ice cold drink with my baby < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > LaRosa 
i lost all my < PROPFIRST > again ... text me with your name 6094088003 
got a new phone , need number text me ur name 6094088003 
I love my beautiful wife !!! 
Goin to afghanistan in september 
goin to the field till the 2nd .... no phone so leave a message or something 
Today is a good day 
I was madder than a midget withva yo-yo 
I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > LaRosa WITH ALL MY HEART ! 
..................... 
yo , pretty pumped right now 
i am gonna be soooo bored tonight ... everyone here is gone and 
last lonely night in the barracks for a while 
We are the fantastic four ... minus two 
Lingerer ! 
MY ROOM IS HAUNTED 
Fuck this ... 
bored .... 
To all my brothers in 1/5 that are leaving or already left , Cronk , < PROPFEMALE > , Lopez , Sanders , < PROPMALE > , Smith , and Copeland i love you guys . Be safe over there and keep your head up ... or down ( situation dictates haha ) . Get over there and do some work ... ill be seeing you guys sooner than you think ... im gonna miss you while you're gone but dont worry cause we are gonna get it in when we all get back . 
yo ... fuck some duty 
i dont know what to do .... im so confused 
