Hi 2010 . How are you ? Nice to Meet you . 

Hates that I cant just leave to go to < PROPFIRST>'s because I have the curfew of a 15 year old and parents that think im a delinquent ! Such Fun ! 
Just Choose my facebook name as SolelyMyself which is my everything else ... why , I dont know ... 
Just watched Year One , then illegally swam in a private lake ... Year One taught me one thing : Sodom was the original Vegas ! 
I cant believe im just NOW finding < PROPMALE > Burnham . From all the time I spend on YouTube , I should of heard this guy by now . Hilarious !! Ill be uploading a few videos soon . 2 Parody's , 2 Friend Vids , and 2 Vlogs . Just Sayin ! 
Supposed to clean my room . Decided it would help to put a movie in that wouldnt distract me , just for the noise ya know . Put in Disturbia ... ... I haven't cleaned my room . Moral of the story . Shia Labeouf is always distracting , in a good way , and I forgot 
Crap . That posted Twice .. MY BAD ! 
I do believe that < PROPFEMALE > Fox is the sexiest woman alive , totally beating < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Like Whoa . 
I hate Funerals ... Like a lot ... :( Its just something about this is the very last time you will ever see someone ever that makes for a really emotionally unpleasant event . 
Ok , So the plan was to go to NY on Friday , then I was like , OK Thursday , and then I read a lil about the YouTube Gathering and now I'm going on Saturday .. Just for the day . The Gathering Event is 12-5 . And I really want to go . 
is Swatting Flies and Rolling dice ! 
Getting ready to go to work , but I might go pick up some Happy Garden first =] .. . .. and maybe some Lemonade ! 
How dare them ! Fluffly pillows of love in the woosh with a woosh and then a woosh de woosh and bam ! 
I need a ham Sandwich ! 
I just found myself singing , \I was Born to Make you Happy\ " by the legendary < PROPFEMALE > Spears ! " 
< PROPFEMALE > Drain ! @# ! @$@ If you read this , I need you ... ha . 
Grrr rg a laga a grr ra ga raga gar graarg gar gr ragra laga 
Wow . So when im tired . I just like rape facebook ? I need to find more productive things to do . 
So I just filled out like 7 surverys So i could get coins in Farmville . Wow . 
< PROPFIRST > Mays and Cocaine .. I can see it . 
From my night of activities , I have an entire Tye Dye Outfit , and a Peace sign Latch Hook Pillow ( almost complete ) ... so all in all , staying up to 9am was pretty fun ! 
I just found out my step brother REALLY had swine flu . ha . Not even joking like all the times before . 
Shutting Up Now ! 
I just deleted < PROPFEMALE>'s portfolio main from < PROPFEMALE>'s website because it started to not make any sense to me why < PROPFEMALE > would have a portfolio on < PROPFEMALE>'s independent photography website , even if she may or may not be in her future business . 
Reading Online Articles for fun .. but why does Same Sex Marriage always lead to someone marrying a cow ?? And where is this meeting where all of the gays go to plan out their agenda ? Just curious . 
So I wonder if ill stay up to 9 am again tonight !?! I hope not . I have to work tomorrow . All my crops are plowed so Im just going to Open Up Tweet Deck and watch Cant Hardly Wait ! 
Up and Ready to leave for Cedar Point , and Ironically , Im worried that my crops might die in Farm Ville .... < PROPFEMALE > , you know what to do ! Got my phone fixed so TEXT IT !, #'s on my profile , and Ill be sure to scream your name on top of a roller coaster !! Its hard for me text without my old keypad , so I might not text yet . I went from like 80 words a minute to 2 . =] 
Just found a perfect getaway online . I love pirating movies ! 
Let me tell you what , It is great to come home from a good night to find that your parent has went through all your things in your room ! and apparently has found something she is displeased with . I need to move out . 
I feel better now ! Much better 
I wish my life were EXACTLY like those of the characters in Dawson's Creek . Sometimes in my delusional mind , i see my life played out exactly like this . Its fun in my head . < PROPFEMALE > will have a tough time getting this DVD back , if my DVD copier doesn't shape up . 
\I remember when parties were bowling and birthday cakes . Now they are high risk adventures that could kill you . I guess thats just another part of living in the new millennium . \"" 
Oh My .. my favorite quote , the one on my < PROPFEMALE > , the one that i quote all the time , was finally just on an episode of Dawsons Creek I am watching right now . 
Really Wants to go to the Gentlemen show tonight ... But Im not allowed . Just the woes of living at home . 
\This night is gonna end when we're damn well ready for it to be over \"" 
So I thought it was texted to me that I should just go to work at 12 to < PROPFEMALE > out , and then clock in at 3 ... I was really supposed to be there at 12 . Its 1:30 and Im still home . Super ! 
Im only 3 hours into this birthday and its already one of the best !!! 
Thanks to everyone who sent me birthday wishes . This is a pretty frickin great day ! Just Sayin !! 
Me being out of shape makes me hate football . Im going to feel like whoa in the morning . But it was fun , i suppose . No pain , no gain . 
Is sleep in my future . God I hope so . < PROPFIRST > , I did not Lie to you . I swear . I will go to sleep . I just wanted to see is she was on AIM . and she wasnt . ha 
I hate when facebook apps take it upon themselves to send things to people , without me clicking allow . 
Text A to 97979 .. Lady GaGa is not just a nominee but IS the Best New Artist in 2009 . Lets Prove it to the MTV Vma's 
Lady Gaga !!! She did It !! 
Making a Lady Gaga Megamix and so far , Im impressed . It can never be as good as a Kalen Rollyson Megamix , but it will suffice . 
Well < PROPFEMALE > Drain's CD is still not complete , because i got sidetracked first by a movie that one of the songs on the cd is in , and now by a song that isnt even on the CD , I just cant stop listening to Love Drunk by Boys Like Girls . 
I want to throw a Guido party where we all dress up like were from Jersey and talk with that accent .. I dont know what we would do but it sounds fun . 
Why am i having this feeling that I want to delete my facebook too . I already lost half my contacts with deleting my Myspace , so I know I cant . There are people I only talk to on facebook too . Its just a time sucker awayer . 
I decided to get a last minute smoothie on the way home from the movie at Sheetz . A cop told me I was going to fast , but that was all . I come outside to find a second cop car there and cops asking me if i had stolen my car because the plates didnt match . This resulted in my car being searched , and this whole big 30 minute investigation thing to find the DMV royally screwed me over . Ha . Fun Night . I was scared to death . 
Happy Birthday Sarra < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
I really think this was the best halloween weekend of my life . Growing up , im sure I said the same thing all through my youth , but I just had a lot of fun this weekend . It really feels like it didnt stop until right now . Happy Halloween , late* ! 
What Games Should We Play Tommorw Sarra < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Drain , and < PROPFEMALE > DeBolt ? Im thinking Mad Gab , and somethign different also . Just to mix it up . Maybe not Mad Gab , but for a few minutes , itd be cool . I dont know . opinions . I might buy a game .. And do we bring the five dollars still for pop ? I love Game Night . 
is .... 
thinks that its a pretty messed up idea that in order to get people to give to < PROPFEMALE > , you have to entice them with gifts and discounts . Its not < PROPFEMALE > if you recieve compensation . Thats just purchasing , and telling them to keep the change . Just sayin . 
Today , I burnt a house down , then stomped it in , stole a scooter , then almost got hurt , kicked < PROPFEMALE > Drain's butt at monopoly , and created the never ending alphabet story of Christmas . I think it was a pretty good day ! 
I'm finally moved into < PROPFIRST>'s . Pretty flipping excited . 
Thanksgiving was great . Hope everyone else had a good one . Its almost 3 and I'm trying to decide , do I want to go shopping ? 
Do people know they are doing something great while they are doing it ? 
Even better , how do you know you've done something great ? Why do we know all these names from our history texts , but not others ? Why is their discover or contribution to life more important than others ? 
OOOH , and if that is so , tell me who created the system we follow now . Thats would be a pretty great contribution . Did the first civilized peoples who set the chalk outline or shadow if you will of our sociological interactions know they were creating a system that would never be broken ? Like how the same old story replays itself . History Repeats . 
You know what . New plan . Screw these questions in my head . Its too late/early to be philosophical . Im just going to play Admit It by Say Anything , and go to sleep . Much better . 
Getting some last minute shopping done online . I think ebay bucks are the most ridiculous things . Ive ordered a good bit , and have racked up a whomping $1.08 in ebay bucks ! WTHeck . 
Im loving that I get a snow day from work . Like when does this ever happen . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone I wont get to wish personally ! 
I have an interview tomorrow ! YES ! Too bad its in Butler < PROPFEMALE > . Just a 2 and a half hour drive ! Im excited nonetheless . 
If I don't start sleeping , ill probably just : 1 . ) Die or 2 . ) Overcome sleeping forever . It would be so awesome to never sleep ever again . 
Have I really been too into blogTV to notice Winter Flipping Exploded Outside ? Its Looks Ridic Out There . 
Whenever I am sad , I just stop being sad and be awesome instead ... true story . 
Going to Charleston with < PROPFEMALE > DeBolt to yell at the Westborro Baptist Church . Kind of excited about this . Should be an interesting trip ! And then maybe to Pleasant Creek to be an adventurer . Fun ! 
Westborro baptist church finally left . That was an amazing experence to protest with so many people against something that is so evil . Hopefully will have pictures uploaded later . 
I don't think I'm going to go see < PROPFIRST > Facinelli today even though it would get me one step closer to completing a task on my to do list on life . I wanted to see him just so I could wear a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is a god shirt . If you know what that is from , your ten types of cool ! 
What a day . El Rincon . Went to see a movie with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . Was left treats on my windshield . And then .. oh yeah , I was scared to death when < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > pops up from my back seat ! She has such a good way of letting me know she is back in town ! Ha . Super fun . 
Im pretty sure , if Lady Gaga tickets would become available on Ticketmaster , I would immediately buy them , and sell my kidney to make up the debt . I am desperate to go to this show . 
Ilse : What are you looking for ? Moritz : If only I knew . Ilse : Then whats the use of looking ? I feel that sometimes I need to apply this lyric to my life . 
Watching True Blood . I kinda feel dirty watching it . Like if I still lived at home , then I wouldn't be able to . I feel awkward enough when the sex scenes occur , just thinking < PROPFIRST > can hear them in the other room . But so far , I kinda-ish like the show . It's getting better the farther I watch . But the symbolisim enough makes me a fan . 
Beach Bound Baby ! Duh da da da da duh da duh ! 
It's storming somewhere over the ocean right now and even though I'm tired and I know this could put me right to sleep , it's too nice to feel the wind and watch the lightning and hear the rain , thunder , and waves . So glad I decided to sleep on the porch ! 
Loving the love guys . I have the coolest best friends ever !! :) 
Watching Titanic before work . I've seen this movie far too many times ! But its my favorite and one of the greatest movies ever made , so I'll gladly sit through another three hours ! 
So it might be that I'm delusional because I haven't had like any sleep , but I'm having a really good day despite it being the start of a tiring busy weekend . My theme song today will be Walking on Sunshine ! Hopefully I can stop dancing around in a bit long enough for a nap . 
Is , ermm , confused ? To say the least . 
Eating Taco Soup at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s \Good ol ' fashioned house painting party ! \"" 
My coworkers and I just had a talk about Titanic and how much we love it . I am so excited . Ha . 
Happy fourth of july weekend everyone . Although I'll miss the fireworks tonight , I'll get to see some tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and of course Bean !!! 
Oh noes , Mexican Grasquitos . 
Gonna go rock out some rollercoasters ! 
That's it . It's tuna and lettuce for me for the next month at least . Gonna loose some pounds . Maybe do a fat flush or something . On a side note , finally got a new phone charger !! 
The Last Airbender season one . Knitting like a mad man . Listening to Bright Eyes and The Hush Sound . Maybe gonna watch one of my movies in a bit . Mom told me I look like I'm losing weight . Maybe take a nap in a bit . Then work tonight with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > most likely . Gonna be a pretty okay day !! 
Woke up at 5am again today . But that's ok . I am going to run some errands and see a movie with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . I need to start updating Facebook more , and stop updating Twitter so much . 
I can't escape the Eat n ' Park theme song . There was a commercial while watching tv this morning , and then another while getting my haircut . I'm waiting for it to come on the radio , cause I know it will play several times tonight . Just to be safe , I'll just stick with listening to Say Anything In Defense disk 2 . There aren't many smiles on that disk ! 
I'm so going to be spoiled . My Aunt < PROPFEMALE > is staying with us . She made homemade hot rolls for dinner her first night , brownies from scratch , and peanut butter brownies from scratch . Then today I wake up to homemade Cinnamon Rolls . This is pretty great ! 
So many times , I complain about people sitting at Eat n ' Park for like 2 hours . Then today , I sit at a restaurant for like 5 . 
I think I want to always wear my horns < PROPFEMALE > Fortney Hall made for me . They are so cool and such a conversation starter . Just about bed time after some brother time ! 
Initiate Juicing Tomatoes .. Beep be boop de be beep boop . 
Kinda liking school . Wish I had company . Freaking out cause I have so many classes where I have to talk in front of people . Waiting for Group Discussion to start . Then get to buy books before geology . After coffee with some peeps of course ! I need to take a library class cause I just made a fool of myself . Haha . 
Had an absolutely wonderful day ! Thanks to everyone who wished me birthday wishes . I wish I could thank each one of you in your own personal message , but Im way tired . Also thanks to everyone who came bowling . Even though I only bowled a 32 , I think this was pretty close to perfect . There is no way I can finish my cake and 2 dozen cookies though . You all are awesome cause you made my day awesome ! :) 
There are two times of the day that the sky is absolutely breathtaking . Unfortunately , most people sleep through them both . At least I get this whole big sky of stars to myself . 
Hopefully my day will be filled with stimulating lectures , because I dont think I brewed my tea strong enough this morning , and I'm going to need to stay awake . 
I'm going to fail this test . I want to post this study guide so everyone can see how ridiculous it is . 
So I watched The Social Network yesterday . I don't think < PROPFIRST > Zuckerberg is a bad person . Just a good businessman . I do think we now need a MySpace and Twitter movie . Just a suggestion . 
So angry right now . I'm ready to go see Thirty Seconds to Mars . I was walking out of my door to leave just to find out that the show is rescheduled to a month from now . WTF ? 
Babysitting the doodlebugs . Having a great time . But now it's their bedtime . Wish me luck . 
5Tonight , a table asked me for some Heinz 57 . I responded with , I'm sorry , but we don't serve alcohol here . And then he said no , it's a dipping sauce . And 
5 I said hmm , never heard of it . Just so were clear , Heinz 57 is ketchup . I learned this tonight ! 
In three hours , I get to see Spring Awakening and I'm so excited , it's ridiculous . I had such a good weekend too . < PROPFEMALE>'s party . Shamain . Scary movie night . Making costumes for work . Pretty awesome . If < PROPMALE > Leto reschedules again the 30 Seconds concert for tomorrow , I'm going to be so mad . 
Spring Awakening is my favorite musical , and now that I've finally seen it , I can proudly say that . 
\Whats a fire ? and why does it .... whats the word ? \"" 
On a bus heading to New York . So excited . When I wake up , I'll see the big city . 
One of the greatest joys in life is catching snowflakes on your tongue . 
So I did it , I got a part in the play Good Woman of Setzuan . Yay ! So excited . 
Whew ... and with the Breakfast Club essay I just submitted , all of my finals are finished . Now to get in my last few of hours for Theater , and I , my friends , will have completed and passed everything this semester . For me , its a pretty big deal . Just hoping everything went well with that geology exam . Im confident about everything else . 
Tonight I had Christmas round one at the EnP Christmas P < PROPMALE > y , which went great . Got cool < PROPMALE > from < PROPFEMALE > , and it's made me ready to be with my friends and family come this weekend . Also , anyone else think this lunar eclipse is somewhat uneventful ? 
Ran to Walmart to pick up some things today ... and I waited line for at least forty five minutes . And if that wasn't bad enough , I was in pajamas and ran into a million people I know . But at least I had < PROPFEMALE > to stand through the madness with , and it's Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and all this mad shopping will come to an end soon ! ;) 
May have been the lack of sleep from coming in at 5am from an awesome Christmas with my friends and being awoken at 8am by my brother , but when he tapped on my shoulder , I got so frightened I screamed ... a very similar scream to when I opened this laptop and said , is this a wrong box ? It wasnt ! 
So Excited !!! 
Pittsburgh's got a case of the MONDAYS .. ;) 
Im excited for school to start . That's so weird to start , but I'm excited about my classes . Hopefully after the first week , I'll feel the same way . 
Today started out as a bad morning . Im sleepy , my phone died , etc . But then I got to school , and realized the silver lining to having an 8:00 am class ..... SO MUCH PARKING !!!! 
I haven't even gone to all of my classes and I can tell I'm going to be stressed this semester . I'm both nervous and excited . 
Reasons I think im already in love with Dr. Savage . In her powerpoint today , we were discussing Satire , Parody , and Camp . The notes on the powerpoint were describing examples of camp . One of the lines read , \So is the Jersey Shore camp or not ? .. maybe its just trash . \ " Best . Thing . Ever . " 
Im so tired , I cant even think of a catchy facebook status . If I fall asleep in the library , I wonder how long it would take someone to move me and steal this computer ? 
My night could be summed up in this one simple statement : I have the best friends ever . 
Ive been watching my old vlog's all day as I privatized all my videos . There are some really creative and hilarious ones , but they are equally hella embarassing . I want to make videos again sometime , but I need fresh ones . If there was a video about you , I kept it so only you can view it . 
I thought I looked super grungy today , kinda homeless ... but then I told my friend this and she said , \You look normal today . You look like a normal boy . \ " Haha . What do I look like regularly ? " 
Just got out if rehearsal to find that I have , in an oh so brilliant move ... erm ... locked my keys in my car ... umm ... while it was running ... I'm awesome . 
I need to figure out how to pay it forward again . 
So am I the only person that kinda really digs Lady Gaga's new song ..? Someone , anyone , please dont leave me hanging .. 
So Lady Gaga's grammy performance was the most normal performance I think I have ever seen her do , even though she broke out into Toccata and Fugue in D Minor on an organ in the middle . 
What's on your mind ? 
BEST ____ EVER . * POW*\ 
It seems Im dangerous when I get excited about anything , not just Spring Awakening ! 
I love having a sunroof if not for any other reason than it opens up the space for more vibrant car dancing while driving .. 
Watching Its Kind of a Funny Story before I go off to Poetry class , and then I have to go get my costume and some make up on ... this is quite a good movie . 
I think I'm most excited for sleep after this weekend . Maybe actually sleeping a full night will act as the pep talk my immune system needs . 
Craziest . Night . Ever . hahaha ! 
I did something I never thought I would today ... I watched Never Say Never ( the < PROPFIRST > Bieber movie ) , I thoroughly enjoyed it , and then I even went right out and bought a Bieber CD ... what ? Yeah , I know . 
Singing Rent at my Lunch table with some awesome people ! La Vie Boheme ! 
Awesome . Just shattered my iPhone . It met its destruction on the cement outside of Eat n ' Park . It kinda works but is way too shattered . Bummed out hardcore . 
Hey friends ... I lost all of my contacts so please , send me a quick text with just your name so I can re-add you ! 
Writing my paper on Satire and Parody about the movie Daybreakers . I have so many ideas on how to write it , but its just not working for me yet . Grrr . 
My mom came to see the show tonight . I was more nervous than on opening night for some reason . But she liked it ! Now just two more shows left . 
I watched/listened to < PROPMALE > Miserables for the first time tonight and I absolutely loved it . Poor Eponine . I need to see it on stage someday . 
I want the Snooki book because 1st : it seems to be written on a third grade level . And 2nd : because I can't resist picking it up , reading a line , and dying from laughter . 
Spring break is about over . For the most part ... I had fun . ;) 
I just woke up to see my cat hanging out of my window which is on the second floor of my house , and at the bottom of said window is literally a < PROPMALE > leading to the neighbors house . It would have meant imminent death for my cat . Luckily he didn't jump . I talked him down . 
I wore flip flops today . I was all excited . My feet are no longer happy about this decision while I'm standing outside during this fire drill . Brrrrr . 
Going to Spring Awakening . So excited to see it again . 
In my idea of a perfect world , the weather is always like it is outside right now . If there were a couple more trees with fresh fruit and less intimidating clouds that were abstract but predictable in shape , I would never leave this lush patch of < PROPFEMALE > green grass . 
