I'm not getting up till Sunday . zzzzzzz 

Hi , I got bord so I though let's try Facebook . What's up ? 
Going to UNOH friday to check out the campus . 
I want a Pontiac Firefly :) 
Bing ! 
Just got back from visiting the < PROPMALE > Institute of Pittsburg and Pittsburg Technical Institute . 
It's true ! after prolonging graduation for 3 years so I could go to the Joint Vocational School , I've decided to graduate and move on to college . Haven't decided what college , but I'm going . The ACJVS Senior Ceremony is tonight at 6:30 at Lakeside High school :) 
Going to visit Lakeland community college Friday :) 
Did not like Lakeland community college much . 
Two hours into the day and it allready SUCKS ! 
I am under attack in World War game and seem to always fail in defending myself ! Please help me by joining as my < PROPFEMALE > even if you don't really care about the game . More < PROPFEMALE > s will increase my attack and defence ability even if you don't play . 
\Some say that the Stig is so fast he can out run a fence around a baseball field . \"" 
Hay , I just saw a commercial on TV for Toy Story 3 . Out June 18th . 
going to set a time to Go look at the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Institute 
is planning on visiting the < PROPMALE > Institute of < PROPMALE > Friday ! 
liked the < PROPMALE > Institute of < PROPMALE > ! 
Anyone else watching the address the Nation ? 
:( The < PROPMALE > Institute of < PROPMALE > does not teach Mechanical Design , just exterior concept 
What am I gonna do . what am I gonna do :/ 
The VoltAge is hear ! 
sssleeeeepp 
I love multitasking 
So we took stuff to my parents house and a roll of monolium that < PROPMALE > out the back . Dad pulls into the garage with the back hatch open . The wiper hit the top of the doorway and was pulled back . BOOM ! Bye bye window !!! >:( 
My top ten cars\ 
1 . Lamborgini Reventon\ 
2 . Lamborgini Murcielago\ 
3 . Roadmaster ( Semi Truck)\ 
4 . CHevy Volt\ 
5 . Pontiac G8 ( Sport Truck)\ 
6 . Dodge Challenger\ 
7 . Mitsubishi Eclipse 1999\ 
8 . Mitsubishi Eclipse 2006\ 
9 . Pontiac Solstice Coupe\ 
10 . Pontiac Bonneville 2000 
Big Head ! Big Head ! 
Rest in peace Pontiac :( 
aaaawww , what to do with my life ? 
You know your computer sucks when you start having problems playing facebook games do to insufficient memory . 
OOWW Thunder , rummble rumble 
HHMMMMM !! 
\I don't know what I don't know . That's why I don't know it . \"" 
\I AM NOT BACKWARDS !!! \ 
Geeerrrrrrrrr !!! my car wouldn't start ! No electrical power what so ever . But it was fun to drive Dads Saturn to scouts . Weee , < PROPMALE > transmission and an extra 50 horsepower . 
My computer froze cause it couldn't handle a small expansion in Farmville . I'm so getting a new computer . 
My car needs a new battery 
Finally got a new battery for my car today . I put it in and cleaned the car inside and out . All ready for tomarrow ! yaaaa 
My internet keeps going on in off like made windstream is working on there end . 
Someone talk to me ! 
I just found out that the Ford Fiestas 40mpg is on premium fuel like the fortwo . What's the point in getting better mpg if you pay more for the gas . The Chevy Cruze is said to get 40 mpg on regular but will cost $ 5,000 more in MSRP than the Fiesta . The Cruze is bigger so it makes up for the higher cost :p 
Oh my GOD ! I miss my old car so much I can't sleep . It physically herts . I actually have thoughts of trying to find it and buy it back , even if it is in pieces . What's wrong with me :o 
Is anyone interested or know someone interested about the Chevy Volt ? I know alot about it so ask me questions ! 
k 
is feeling lonly , depressed and angree . 
I'm really starting to like Corvettes :) 
Drove the Geo for half hour :) 
Watched Transformers . Now watching Transformers 2 :D 
I just saw the Halo Reach commercial on TV . Swweeeet 
My Lakeland Schedule Aug 28- Dec 17\ 
Business M 8:00 - 10:40 Madison\ 
Computers MW 5- 6:55 C Building\ 
Algebra TR 2- 3:15 A building\ 
English TR 3:30 - 4:45 A building 
YAAAAAAA :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :D I got a job !!!! Starting Monday . 
My first day of work went well . 
Ya ! finished my first week of work . Worked a strait 7 1/2 hours today ! I was real close to finishing my part of the project . 
WWAAAAZZUUUUUUUP ! 
Work didn't go so good today :( The boss isn't happy with my work . I think I need to be more independant and think things through . I'm worried ... 
EERRRR ! The boss thinks that he needs someone with more experience . I DISAGREE ! Now that I have had time to think about it what happened today . The people how made the part I was drawing had rounded a number to meet fraction standards . Long story short , we had most of the same problems . I had a hard time reading the stupid thing so it took me longer . That was his other complaint which I told him to begin with . ERRRR ! 
I think the boss might keep me for a while more at least . I'm working hard to keep the job . 
Wow . I talked to < PROPFEMALE > for 3 hours . Gwizz . Big brother is home for the weekend . < PROPFEMALE>'s party Saturday . and < PROPMALE>'s Eagle court of honor Sunday after the usual 3 hours of church . I not use to this . 
? 
OMG I feel like crap . :( 
is making pizza ! yumyum 
Nice off them to run the Highways detour down my street . Well , they got'a put it somewhere . I just hope they're planning to fix my road next . 
School , break , work , school . I might loose my mind , but who's to say I haven't already . 
Silence ... 
Going to < PROPFEMALE>'s and < PROPMALE>'s for afternoon picnic tomarrow . Hot dogs and Hamburgers ! Looking forward to that 30,000 mile < PROPFIRST > . 
loves Cotton < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Better look out GM , new car company coming up ! 
just saw a Geo Metro on TV in COPS 
is thinking on buying Halo Reach . 
Stupid highway traffic jam ! They closed the on ramp so I was diverted north . All I knew was home was to the east , away from the sun . A 40min trip turned into 2 hours ... 2 HOURS ! no radio or person to talk to . I got to see alot of unknown though :) 
My car has a new paint job . BUG ! 
Who would win in a fight Yoda or Master Cheif ? 
Fantastic Weather today !! 
60minute class 90minutes driving . hmmm 
Engineering may be what I do . But an Artist is what I am . 
POKE FOREVER ! 
just got a new Forza 3 , Halo3 ODST , and Halo Reach :) $101 
113 degrees in LA . New record . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > o baad ad duba 
My memory sucks . 
A sad sad thing just happened ... huu , I ran out of orange juice :( 
Epic fail or an epic win to defeat myself ... :o ... fail ... 
Does anyone else really hate pickup trucks and SUVs . 
I spent all day avoiding my xbox because I had homework to do . Instead I watched TV and movies waiting for my brain to get in the thinking mood . Never happened . My brain is gone . I can't do anything right anymore . life is sucking . But I'm still holding on to my dream . 
lol time to get on that homework ... could be a long day tomarrow ... hmmm 
Sooo ... what do think ? 
lol My exhaust pipe broke off the muffler . Now my ears hert . 
My chat bar vanished along with the list of people online . hm 
Soooo yaaa . 
just saw a Metro convertable on Seinfeld and now knows a YOTTAbyte is 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 bytes 
I really want your help on this friends . Tell me what you think . What makes an < PROPFEMALE > n car < PROPFEMALE > n ? Is it that it is made by an < PROPFEMALE > n car Manufacturer ? Is it that it is assebled in < PROPFEMALE > ? Is it that the parts are made by < PROPFEMALE > ns ? Or is it that the raw materials come from our soil . Or is it even that it is designed by an < PROPFEMALE > n Engineer . Seriously , were do you draw the line ? 
Feels sad and depressed and dosn't know y :( 
A sad day in car town . I sold my 2010 Camaro and 05 Mustang because the 08 Challenger was over priced and required level 150 . It would be an incomplete collection for a long time , so I got a Dodge Viper to follow my Vette and a Ford GT after that . Then I'm saving for Lambo Countach and a Murcielago SVT . I'd rather have the original Murcielago . 
Is eating a Hawiian Pizza . Canadian Bacon and Pineapple 
Well , out a work for a while . Solidworks stopped working . The boss said he will try to find me some other projects to do till the order for 2011 Solidworks comes in . 
Just finished Halo3 ODST on normal for the first time . 
wants more Hawiian Pizza ! 
had a crapy day 
Just made his day all better by scoring 200,000 points in ODST Firefight . After 99 minutes I got a metal for over 100 kills without dieing and 650 kills with 14 deaths . 
is depressed again . 
Did not get called into work today . Sad I'm not getting any money , but happy about a free day . :/ 
Started and finish Halo Reach today . 
Had I dream last night that I acually got my Chevy Metro back . It had no engine and the drivers side tire was gone and the rusted part of the frame was completly cut away . lol I miss my car :( 
Had a great idea for top gears amphibious challenge . One of them should have made it a fan boat like the ones they use for the everglades :D 
Nothing to say . Nothing to do . :p 
Wha hoo ! Grunt Birthday Party ! 
Ow crap , after the loss of Solidworks 2007 at work I haven't been abile to work . So the boss is looking at getting 2011 which is really expensive . I called today and he said he thinks he would need a new computer to run it as well . Looks like I'm out for a long time . That is unless I find a way to get it myself and then get paid per part at home . It's a new idea that needs some thinking thru , but I think it could work . 
Ya , Solidworks is $ 4,000 for Standard and $ 5,500 for Professional which includes Photoview . I don't have that much , and with no income I'm not getting there . The good news is that a computer to run it apears to be less than what I expected . 
Well , I was ready for greatness . I accually got my text book for computers and started reading . I was going to read two chapters today and one every day after . But three pages in I got this zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz . I slept for an hour . Then got right back to it and then stopped to check Facebook . I hate reading ! 
aawwww . Good time to start on my homework . 
Well , to save gas , I decided to go from Lakelands < PROPFEMALE > campus directly to the main campus . I forgot the classes where six and a half hours apart . I did finish reading chapter one of coputer class and I feel I got nothing out of it really . bllaaa , to much time at school . 
Good night all , zzzZZZzzz -_- 
Just scored 140 splatters out of 800 kills in Reach . 500 kills with the Wraith . haha . 
Missen my old Metro . I < PROPFIRST > it in my drawing on Tuesday . :( 
Why is a level 55 allowed to attack me when I'm a level 50 .!!! F'n Castle Age people . And why if I put everything I get to defence do people still stomp on me . I guess I need to join a Guild and get more friends . :p 
I hate not making progress . No job , no money , no progress :( 
I just saw a plow truck dumping salt down the road , I guess there expecting snow . Hail is coming down right now . 
Watch'n Transformers . 
Who likes Pontiacs ? I do ! 
lol Class starts in 5 minutes . 
I just scored big with my new Lambo in car town . Over 7,000 points ! 
I had a live chat with an Agent from Chevy about the Chevy Volt and she said that the Volt will run off electricity from the battery even if driving at highway speeds . But a teacher in UNOH alternative fuels department who aided in its development beleved it gas generator when energy consumption would reach that level ... The agent also said it would be offered in all 50 states by 2012 . 
Just spent 2 and 1/2 hours rakeing leafs and is only half done . 
Had another dream about his old Metro ... It's still alive somewhere I know it ! lol 
lol \I'm gona bust your face out\ " . Watching Transformers 2 " 
aaahhhh , sucks :( 
Well , when we took the Geo to Monro's for some repairs , they broke off a stub ( the threading that the tire's attached to)and didn't replace it . Took it back in today and they put a new stub on , but no nut . And now it's making a grinding noise . F U Monro's . I'll see what dad saids . 
Pictures from the LA Autoshow . YA VOLT ! \ 
http://www.youtube.com/gmblogs?x=us_showcase_329 
Poke and tickle . 
Off to school again . 
Aw , what a crappy day :( 
Had dinner at < PROPFIRST>'s with the family after replaceing ballbearings on the < PROPFIRST > . It was fun :) 
I feel socially ignored . 
I'm at a lakekand computer . They are so much faster . 
aww ! what now ? 
Really shouldn't of had a third cup of milk . I'm freakin cold ! 
This Thanksgiving I am thankful for everything I have and how it/they makes me feel . Special thanks to all 106 of my facebook friends and the many others not on fb . Happy Holidays ! 
Stayed at my sisters the last two nights , played video games with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > all Friday . Going back later today . 
So I checked that 99 ' Eclipse and it did have a for sale sign in the window . As much as I would like to buy it I really need to put my career ideas first . I also saw a metro on a car lot ! Early 90's kinda like mine . I'm thinking it would be a good thing to learn mechanics on . I'm close to having enough for solidworks but that last amount seems really far of . 
Hay ! That research project is due tomarrow ! Better get started . 
20 hours of school activity , I'm done .. 
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!! That Geo I looked at is for sale $400 :) It isn't road worthy though , Ran into a tree or pole but mechanically it's good . The mechanic thinks with some magic it could be made road worthy . Going in tomarrow , hopefully I can get Dad to come . 
Just saw a Chevy Volt commercial on tv . About a $1.50 for a complete charge . Compared to my Geo , it's a gallon of gas . $2.80 . The Volt costs 4 times as much when the Metros where new . But the Volt is bigger .?? 
? If your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad ever . Whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you or if he is an Angel in Heaven . Copy and paste this to your status and let everyone know that you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly ? 
My second Geo Metro is on its way ! $425 . And it's a 94 ' , the same year . + A/C and a radio . It most likly won't be road worthy ever again though . But it's good for parts . 
I saw my first Chevy Cruise today ! And one of the first Insights , I was half tempted to race him lol . 
So it's pokemon profile week . Who new ? 
She's up in the air . 
is so screwed . 
Noooooooooooooooo ! Where did the poke go ! I can't poke new people anymore :( 
The title has been transfered . It's offically mine :D 
< PROPMALE>'s back from Akron . The weather made the drive questionable . 
Been to < PROPFEMALE > campus . Teacher cancelled class . 
My computer class is crap ! I did better on the quizs when I didn't try . It's like they are worded to get you the wrong answers . I HATE ENGLISH !!! 
Just scored a 42 out of 50 on my Intro to Computer final ! 
Scored 90 on my Algebra test . 
?? I'm thinking that the Chevy Volt is being built on the same platform as a SAAB 9-3 . They look a lot alike including it's overall shape ... :/ 
When I poke you I really mean it ! 
Cleaning house while lstening to music . 
When the tone goes off at any given time of day or night , a Firefighter , EMT , or Paramedic is startled awake , gets dressed in seconds , and is en-route to the emergency . Regardless of the hour , the weather conditions , the holiday , or anything else when needed , they promptly respond and do it because they CARE ! Put this as your status if you are an emergency responder , know one , or love one 
Up at 5:30 ? very odd . 
I think I'm sick , not shure . 
Taking < PROPMALE > back to Akron :( 
Yaaaaaaa .. yaaaaa .. snow is back :) 
Just thought about this . The Volt's gas powered generator gets 37 mpg . I haven't heard weither that was city , highway , average , or continuis . :/ 
Worked on my Metro today ! Removed the door handle mechanizim and I'm gonna fix it . Did some other stuff too that's to complicated to explain . Gonna try and align the front tires next . They're kinda questionable . 
Waching Knight Rider . Hay look a Volkswagon Thing ! 
Can't sleep , I miss Master :( 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ! 
Does anyone care ? 
I'm surprized ! I actually enjoyed my 5 hour class . Even though I woke up at 6:20 to be there on time . And even though it was the teachers first time teaching a college class . Today was a review day :) 
:( 
Going for a cruise ! be back in half . 
Today a claim a great victory ! 
Lisening to my new soundtracks . 
school was crap :( 
School went much better today . 
Sleeping through the rest of sunday zzzzzz 
:/ I don't know anymore . 
Where did the posting of texting while driving go ? 
hahaha Poking Sprea .... Pokepocalypse .... Pokehurraciane .... 
AHHHHH ! No school ! More time to catch up for the quiz . :D 
I just herd that a Clidsdale weighs 2,000 lbs . That's a few hundred more than my car . 
Dad got his car stuck in my driveway . It took an hour or more to get him out . ug . 
I miss the days when I was smart . I keep wondering what caused my brain to work so smoothly . Was it the class room , the teacher , exercise ? Or the people around me . :( I want to be at my best again . 
I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS ( DIABETES ) . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL , MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US , IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION , AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT ! ? 
Going for a cruise . That is if turtle will make it out of the driveway . She hasn't failed me yet though . 
On my way to zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz school . 
I am intending to study some Algebra so I'm watching tv and blahing on fb . But I'm not playing Xbox though ! 
Gone gone gone , Smeegul is free ! 
I hate these stupid FB adds that don't even work ! 4000 Get Xbox Live points for liking , sharing , and a survey . Lies ! It's only worked once for me when cartown offered point for starting Millionaire city . :/ 
It's Beautiful outside :) 
My outdoor thermometer says it's 50 degrees ! 
Finished Halo 3 :OD ST on Legendary . It wasn't to hard after playing Reach 
Congratulation to < PROPFIRST > Fields on achieving Eagle Scout ! 
Rolls-Royce To Unveil 100% Electric Super-Luxury Car Next Month 
Shuveled out the driveway . Think I got a cold . 
Growing up is for the old . 
A snowmobiler just drove by , on the road . :/ 
aahhh ! I'm Naked ... not really , just my face ;) 
The Eagle EYE , coming soon . :) 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this ... in the status of all my friends and family !! 
:( I've lost inspiration . 
In a much better mood this morning . Ya Solidworks ! 
Dad got me some tools :D 
My exhaust has a hole in it again :/ 
lol I want to see Mitsubishi make an AWD V6 version of the Dodge Challenger . How great would that be . 
Merp :P 
So my Chapter 6 Midterm is tomarrow and I'm just finishing Chapter 5 ... yep 
So screwed 
\Tomarrow is Albunday . \"" 
Taking Mom to the dentis . 
I saw a Metro for sale on a lot the other day . A red 2000 sedan 4cyl from the looks of it . 
Copy this onto your status and see what people rate you ! ( 1 ) ghetto ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) love-able ( 6 ) crazy ( 7 ) i want you ( 8 ) spoiled ( 9 ) great parent ( 10 ) wild ( 11 ) funny ( 12 ) beautiful ( 13 ) mature ( 14 ) ugly ( 15 ) I’d take you home ( 16 ) wish I had your number ( 17 ) weird ( 18 ) honest ( 19 ) freak ( 20)sexy 
Heck Ya ! Dad may have just won $ 25,000 or a Chevy Cruise ECO ! And his 60th birthday is tomarrow . LMAO FG 
If U see the guy with a curled mustash , wish him a happy 60th ! Happy Birthday Dad ! 
So I helped Mom work on a card for Dad this afternoon and then we went to see about this contest thing . Then watched mission inpossible ... and now it's past midnight . 
I'm gonna make the Black < PROPFEMALE > on Halo Reach . It gonna be sweet ! 
No I will not buy gas today .. or yesterday .. or the hole week before that . 
-_- zzzzzzzzzzzz 
Today will be a very long day . 
I need help . Find the LCD of 12 , 18 , 20 the book says it should be 180 
Y is House taking the team for a drive in a monster truck ? 
:( stupid algebra 
I have never had sex , done drugs , got drunk , or snuck out . Copy & paste as your status and whoever likes it , thinks your lying . 
Today almost turned around for me . I saw a real Chevy Volt ! It was on a trailer being pulled by a pickup . But now , I had too come home and suck at Halo Reach :( 
I just watched top gear make random cars amphibious so I'm theorizing about that myself . 
Someone should make an ice cream bar with alcohol in it . 
I just played a great game of Civilization : Revolution on my 360 . A holl nation just gave up and merged with mine . I didn't even need to attack . :) 
Victory goes to those who believe in it the longest . 
I don't think this computer is going to last another year . \your virtual memory is running low\ " warning is poping up more and more . Web pages are randomly freezing and loading them is taking longer . After around 10 years : ? I think it's time for a new one . " 
? :) 
The world seems to be getting less friendly :( But I still have a few who care and that's all that matters ! 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you think !! 
had a very good day ! 
:O I got myself a new friend . Kity kity kity . Her name is Scarlette . My sister got a new dog and they didn't get along . She's gone exploring and probably will be for days . There's alot to explore . haha 
Scarlette woke me up at 4 now I'm tired and felling quezzy . :P 
