Happy New Year ! 2010 WOW ..... 

Wishes Everyone a Happy Thankgiving with lots of food and Hot Buttered Rums :) Thankful for facebook , and catching up with friends from the past . < PROPFEMALE > is Thankful for her BFF < PROPFEMALE > , cuz the holidays would never be the same without her . Thankful for the boys , and thankful they are being so awesome at < PROPFEMALE>'s . 
is prepared for the big birthday party tonight . The cake is baked and decorated , presents are wrapped , and my favorite Nerf gun is stashed away with a cache of ammo . Bring on the ten year olds ...... 
has spent ammo strewn from wall to wall , the exhausted bodies of the warriors lay in a heap on the floor , and believes her sanity is still intact ... 
wishes everyone a happy and fulfilling Christmas season ..... 
mmmmmm ...... blueberry strudel 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments . 
WOW !! Thanks for all the birthday wishes . They put a HUGE smile on my face . I had a wonderful start to my 40th year and hope the rest of the year follows suit . 
When choosing between evils , I always like to take the one I've never tried before . 
My dog keeps stealing my cat's three day old kittens to mother them herself ...... 
Is so excited about seeing my BFF < PROPFEMALE > today !!! Just wish she wasn't taking her sweet time on the drive .... 
is making wishes on shooting stars ..... 
Got my kids off to school for their first day . It all went smoothly . I hope it's a good indicator for the rest of the year . Now , what to do , what to do ...... 
Hopes I have backed everything up on my computer correctly ..... Wiping it clean today , back to factory specs . This is NOT going to be fun ..... 
Got up this morning to find my bathroom floor soaking wet . Crawled under the house at six AM .... big puddle . All plans for today blown to hell . Wonder what this is going to cost ? and why do things like this seem to happen to me on the weekend ? ! #$%## ! @ !!!!! holiday weekend at that ! 
Likes men in kilts ! The annual Scottish Highland festival is here and I'm going sight seeing ...... 
I like it on the kitchen counter . 
is praying for < PROPFIRST > Frisk . He had a heart attack this morning . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ..... 
Expecting up to 6 inches of rain to fall in my area starting this evening .... flood warnings on the rivers and creeks . This does not look good for me ... and waiting for disaster sucks !!!! 
