Happy New Year everyone ! :D Today starts six months of being vegetarian . :O 

Off to do some drawing . :) 
Winter break can't be coming to a close , it just can't . D ' : 
is getting ready for < PROPFIRST>'s bachelorette party . :O 
is out with the girlies . :) 
I need to think of something to do today ... You know , besides chores and laundry ... 
Well , I think I should get some sleep now . I need to get up early and get ready for an awesome beach party . =DD 
I've really got a lot ahead of me this weekend , and I should really get some rest . Catholic mass for a non-catholic and a funeral tomorrow , a surprize that awaits on Saturday , dinner with my grandparents on Sunday , and Registration for my senior year of high school on Monday . ='/ I'm not sure how much energy I'm going to have after all of this . 
Time for some sleep . I've got a lot of things ahead of me the next few days . =D 
I'm so bored ... There are only so many Practice Permit tests that you can take in one day . 
Registration early tomorrow . D'= I have to wake up at six in the morning . -Sob- 
Registration was a < PROPMALE > bust ... I had to wait in line for two hours ,... my schedule is totally messed up and some how I have eight classes my senior year , I didn't get the classes I wanted , Mr. Bottom didn't clear the history book that I turned in ON TIME , and the weirdiest thing is I was doing work for Mr. Belski ... I'm not even in band . And tomorrow I've got a meeting with my counselor at 2:30 P.M. 
I don't feel very well now ... I think I'm just going to relax and perhaps take a nap . 
I'm leaving for my meeting with my counselor today ... =/ We'll see how this goes . 
Just finished my meeting . My classes are as follows : Period 1 : English 4- Mrs. Sparks , Period : Econ . - Mr. < PROPMALE > , Period 3 : Inter . Sci . - Michelotti , Period 4 : Teacher's < PROPFEMALE > - Mrs. Lecesne , Period 5 : Forensics- Mr. Mullroni ( sp ? ) , Period 6 : Advanced Theater- Ms. < PROPMALE > , Period 7 : Foods & Nutrition- Cheif < PROPMALE > , and Period 8 : Drawing and Painting- Mr. Perez . It's going to be a long and interesting year . =/ 
I wonder what I should be for Halloween ... 
Had a good day today . =D Now , I've got to get some rest , because I've got to clean the house . =/ Ehh ... Oh well , it'll be well worth it because Jocey and < PROPFIRST > are coming over . 
I'm going out to shop with < PROPFEMALE > . =D 
I wish my cell phone was working . =/ 
Only five days of summer vacation left ... Senior year , here I come . 
It's sooo hot . D'= 
Is glad that things seem to be looking up . ;D 
is ready for an awesome day ! :D 
I had a great day . :D Plenty of friends and shopping . But , I'm not done yet . Shopping and a new haircut tomorrow . I can't wait . :P 
I just got back from shopping and getting a hair cut ... The lady kind of messed it up though ... Oh well , it'll grow back ... Right ? 
Why does it have to be sooo hot ? 
2009-2010 School year starts in less than twelve hours ! C/O 2010 , it's finally our turn . :D 
Off to bed now . Bright and early tomorrow . ;D 
I'm so tired ... School again tomorrow ? I can make it ... 
I'm so tired I just want to roll over in bed and sleep until ten o ' clock ... This heat + school = Death . 
Today was a long and exhausting day ... 
Horrible night . I'm going to bed . 
I feel kind of siiiccckk ... D ' : 
Finished my English project at about one thirty this morning ... I'm tired , but I'm glad it's done and it looks great . :D 
I've got to go read the script for auditions tomorrow . Wish me luck . ;D 
I'm off to school . :D 
No homework tonight ?... What to do ? :/ 
I'm off to bed night , good night all . ;D 
Just got back from school . I made an omlet in Cooking Class today . :D Yummy . 
I think I'm going to take a nap . :D See ya later . 
Going shopping for my birthday . :D Be back later . 
Celebration for my Birthday tomorrow at Chili's! Dinner is at six . Be there ! If you are interested in coming , text me !!! 
Just finished watching the Unborn ... Scary Fetus ghost . xD 
LATE START TOMORROW . :D ALL CLASSES ARE HALF AN OUR LONG . 
I left school early today because I'm sick ... Please let me be better for my birthday tomorrow . :D 
Oh noes ! I'm seventeen today ! I'm old now ... D: 
Ewww ... School today ... 
I hate being sick ... I'd way rather be at school right now , but I don't think I could have made it today . D: I'm sure I'll be back in the saddle tomorrow though , because school is better than home . 
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow . D: 
Can't wait to see The Invention of Lying . :D 
My brother is excitied about hitting puberty ... That's what they all say until it strikes . D:< 
Finished my Econ Outlines ! :DDD 
Either I need to start going to sleep sooner ... or school needs to start later . :/ 
I'm off to school now ... I hope the Senior Assembly today isn't a bust . ;D 
I'm dead tired . D: Today was awesome , but I feel like I'm going to pass out again like I did when I got home . xD 
gets enough exercise just by pushing her luck . 
I'm sick again . D: I'm so tired of it . 
just found a dramatic monologue for the Characterization lesson tomorrow . :D Yay . 
Yucky sickness go away . D: 
had an awesome night hanging out with the theater weridos . :D I love you guys . 
Well today was awesome . :D Good night . 
had a great day . :D Now I think I should get some sleep . Early morning tomorrow . 
had an interesting sort of day . But it was a good one . :D Good night all . School tomorrow . 
Sorry to anyone who has been trying to contact my phone in the last few days , I've got to pay my < PROPMALE > . xP 
always seems to have strange dreams ... 
just realized that today is a late start ... Oh well . xD 
is off to school now . :D 
hates doing dishes . D:< 
\I've had recurring nightmares that I was loved for who I am . And missed the opportunity to be a better man . " 
I'm going to bed now , good night everyone ! :D 
feels like going to sleep ... And staying asleep . 
I hurt my knee on the way home from school today . DD: 
I'm going out tonight . :D 
Is going to an < PROPMALE > museum today . :D 
is going out to play some catch . :D 
No school today . :DD 
Is confused . 
donated blood today . :D 
feels a great change coming . I'm going to face the day , and pray to God I won't make the same mistakes . :D 
The Angels won today . :DD 
is going Cosmic Ice Skating tonight . :D 
has a butt load of homework to do right now . D: 
Angels swept the Red Sox . :DD 
has realized that moving forward does not always mean leaving things behind . 
My parents are worried that my sickness is going to turn out to be the swine flu ... That's ridiculous ... Right ? :/ 
has been laying in bed for the last two hours with no hope of sleep . )': 
is going to try once again to get some sleep . 
I'm sick and they're doing construction at my house ... Why is it that as soon as I take the NyQuil the pull out the jackhammer ? 
needs to memorize her lines . D: 
is listening to music while waiting for the NyQuil to kick in . Then good night . ;D 
was feeling better last night , and then this sickness hit me like a ton of bricks . DD ' : 
has finished her play report . :DD 
The Dodgers lost to the Phillies . The score was 8-6 . :DD 
thinks she and some friends should go somewhere over the Thanksgiving Break . Any takers/ suggestions ? 
Booo . The Angels lost ... D ' : Oh well , next game we're going to take the Yankees ! :DD 
Gaahh ... The Angel's game is killing me right now . xD 
Saw the movie Paranormal Activity last night .... Genuinely scary . :D 
Yucky school tomorrow . :/ 
Angles beat the Yankees ! :DD 
Would anyone actually nominate me for Homecoming < PROPFEMALE > ? xD It sounds like just a big joke . 
needs to come up with a subject for my next < PROPMALE > project : protraits in black and white . :D 
is excited about the masquerade theme for Homecoming this year . :DD 
is angry with the Angels ... They need to start winning . :/ 
is off to school . :P 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , post a comment of your first memory of you and me . when you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you 
Nominate me for Homecoming Court ?? Thank you kindly . :D 
Thank you to the people who nominated me today . :DD If you still want to , tomorrow is the day . Thanks . ;D 
is loving the Angels game right now . :DD 
loves the Angel fan who jumped into the fountain . :DD 
Angels won ! :D Thank goodness . Two more to go . 
is looking good today . I'm ready for anything . Bring it on . >:D 
doesn't really like the new layout for facebook . ): 
is going to be visiting with her grandparents today . :DD 
I can't stand watching the Angels make all these errors . DD:< 
I can't believe the Angels lost !! DDD ' : 
is glad there's a late start today . :D 
is on the ballot for Homecoming < PROPFEMALE > ?! Vote for me Tuesday , October 27- Thursday , October 29 , in the ASB room ! :DD Thank you . 
needs a good new video game to play ... Something with a good storyline . :DD 
finally remembered the name of a film long forgotten . I couldn't remember it for the last two years , and I finally got it . :DD Unfortunately , now I want to see it again . :O 
Please vote for me tomorrow or Thursday for Homecoming < PROPFEMALE > . :DD Thank you c/o 2010 !! 
C/O 2010 , tomorrow and Thursday are the last days to vote for your Homecoming < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Please vote for me in the ASB room , if you haven't already done so . ;D Thank you so much . See you all at school tomorrow . 
is off to school . Only a few more days left until the end of the first quarter and the announcement of the Homecoming Court . :DD 
C/O 2010 ! Thank you for all of your support ! :DD Though if you haven't voted yet , make sure your vote is counted . Please vote for Mubashir and I for Homecoming < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Thank you very much ! o//3//o 
Oh , don't you just love the sound of screeching tires in the morning ? Good morning to you too , Anaheim . :D 
had a good time at the Brookhurst Drama Show . I'm excited to go to theater tomorrow ! :DD 
is really excited for tomorrow ! :DD 
didn't make it to the top three .... Oh well , there's always prom . xD 
Let's see how honest FB friends are ... Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word , no more . Then copy & paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting :) Keep it goin ........ ;) 
love urbandictionary.com . :D Word of the Day : jfgi- Just F ****** Google it . You say it when somebody asks a stupid question . 
needs some inspiration . 
is not liking this Econ . Quarter Project . D ' : 
is sorry if anyone has tried to contact me , my phone no longer has minutes and I'm probably going to have to wait until the weekend to get some more . DD: 
is soooo DONE with the Econ Quarter Project ... Not really , but I did my best . Good night world .... Or rather , good morning . D: 
is willing to make any food for someone who is willing to take her place at school today . :D 
needs some more sleep . Good night world . :D 
is off to school . Rebel pride day ! :DD 
doesn't want to spend another Friday Night at home tomorrow ... Does any one have any suggestions ? :D 
I'll tell you everything is alright and hope you see through this disguise . 
is having fun with photo shop . :D 
has a blue tongue from some Painter's Bubble Gum . :P 
is going out to see a play . Have fun everyone . :D 
Had a great time at the theater tonight . :D 
is as ready as she'll ever be for school tomorrow . :/ 
is very sleepy . But I'm going to look on the bright side , I've got my phone back and we have no school on Wed . :D 
Is happy to say that Middle Earth is a real place ... In < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
No school tomorrow ! :D I'm so happy . 
Good night world . :D Best wishes for your day off . Enjoy . 
I can't believe the show is one week from today . :O 
It really is illegal to ride a bike in a swimming pool , in Baldwin Park California ... Why ? Who knows . :P 
Good night Facebook , school tomorrow . :/ 
Off to school now . Booo . :P 
Another Friday night spent at home . This = lame . :P 
My foot is asleep . :O Time for the rest of me to do the same . 
is getting her hair cut and styled today . :DD 
had a great night tonight . :D I'm very tired , but it was worth it . 
is going out with her best friend today . :DD Text me if you need me . 
forgot there was a late start today . Pro : I now have an extra hour to relax ... Con : I could have been sleeping . 
School and late rehearsal today . It's going to be a long week . 
needs something to do ... Not having homework is good , but boring . 
Good night everyone . :D 
Play tomorrow ! I can't believe it . :O Anyway , 3:00 and 6:30 if you feel like coming . But there's always Thursday and Friday too if you can't make it . :DD Oh , and Theater Alumni , if you feel like having a little < PROPFIRST>'s on Friday , feel free to join us . 
Play today ?! I can't believe it . :O It's going to be a long day . :) 
The play was great tonight ! Good job guys . Two down , four to go . :DD 
Nighty night everyone . :DD 
Oh noes ! I overslept today ... And then realized that I have to still go to the store to buy some things for my Culinary < PROPMALE > class today . :O I'd just skip school all together ... But there's a play tonight . xD 
OVERSLEPT !... again . Anyway , the last two shows are today !! One at 3:00 and the other at 6:30 ! Please come and support us if you haven't done so already . :DD 
I wish my mom would call the office now , so I could leave for school now . ;P 
All finished with the play ! :D Wow , it was a lot of fun , but I'm exhausted and I'm glad it's over . Good job guys ! :DD 
Good night world . :DD 
Nothing much to do today . I think I'm just going to clean ... If anyone wants to do anything , let me know . :D 
It's strange to look back on the people you've grown up with ... And see now how much they've grown . It makes me happy to think that maybe I've grown a lot since then too . :) 
Wow I just finished a whole anime today , and I loved it . :D It's called Ghost Hound if you feel like checking it out . 
needs something to do this week . :P 
It's so cold I can't sleep . :O 
Sooo booored . I need to do something this week . Let's plan . :D 
Yay for a nice toasty fire in the fireplace . :DD 
What a strange and interesting day that today turned out to be . :) 
I don't know why , but I'm in such a good mood that I don't want to sleep .... Or maybe it's the soda . Either way ... It's a good night . :) 
Hmmm ... When I think about some of the falling-outs I've had with some friends , I wish I could understand why it happened and if I can still change that . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . :DD What are you thankful for ? 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive , you have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get . 
Over the river and through the woods , to Grandmother's house we go . :DD Happy Thanksgiving everyone . 
is scared of Black Friday . :OO 
Just finished watching Grave of the Fireflies . )': Sooo sad . 
finished watching Midori Days . :)) 
Fires in the fireplace are romantic ... But I'd just settle for being warm . :D 
feels like a big nerd .... but likes it . :D 
Sleepy time ! :D 
Off to play board games . :P 
is going to be making brownies for a party today . :D 
Oh no ! School tomorrow ! D: 
Good night everyone ! School tomorrow . :O 
really doesn't want to be up at this hour ... D ' : 
You wouldn't < PROPFEMALE > up during the middle of a conversation ... So why do people log off and stop talking or suddenly stop texting ? 
needs to start getting a bit more sleep . :O 
strongly dislikes being sick . D: 
Does anyone know Mr. Hogencamp's e-mail so that I can send in my senior quote ? 
My hopes are so high that your kiss might kill me , so won't you kill me , so I die happy . 
“The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion , who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement , who can tolerate not knowing ... not healing , not curing ... that is a friend who cares . ” 
needs to find an umbrella . D: 
is off to school now . I'm glad it's raining , but not glad that it's cold . :P 
Sorry if anyone tries to text me ... My phone needs to be paid for again . D: If you really need to get in contact with me call my house phone . :P 
Lemonade should never be carbonated . D: 
Have you ever fallen asleep without realizing you did it ? You just happen to wake up a few hours later and look at the clock ... Then you think to yourself , \Awesome\ " . :D " 
is off to bed now . Good night everyone . :D 
has got a lot on her mind . :) 
I wish I could sleep all my problems away , sleeping makes everything better . :) 
has nothing to do today . D: I guess I could go get some secret < PROPFEMALE > shopping done ... But I don't want to go alone . 
Off to go shopping for Secret < PROPFEMALE > . :O 
got a Raiders of the Lost Ark Lunch box today . :DDD 
SNL is awesome tonight . xD 
is trying to think of a subject to draw for a side project ... :P 
misses her best friend . D: 
Late start today . :) Going out for some breakfast . 
is off to school . D: 
Ten days until Christmas ?! Oh my . :) 
is off to bed now . :P School tomorrow .... Awweee ... 
The power went out in my house and reset my alarm clock ... Now I'm late for school . D: 
is finally off to school . D: 
I wanted to change my profile to a pokemon for this month ... But I couldn't decide or find a good picture . D: 
I finally decided on my Pokemon picture . :D Both Umbreon and Mew . 
I should be in bed right now ... D: 
is excited for dressing up all pretty tomorrow . :DDD Good night everyone ! Talk to you later . 
is looking good and excited to go to school . :D 
Awesome day , but I am < PROPFEMALE > tired . I'm ready to sleep in tomorrow . :) 
? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE ! ? Dear RA , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU ) I am NOT one of the 93% 
Time to get some sleep . :D 
is going to the swap meet with her best friend today ! :DD It's going to be a great day . 
Ahhh ... Man , I really wish they would update < PROPFEMALE > no Iru Machi ... It's a pain to wait . :P 
It's Monday and I'm not at school . I love Winter Break . :D 
Cleaning the house for my Grandparent's visit today . :D 
Comment this if you're my friend on Facebook , but you don't < PROPFEMALE > out with me ever . ;) 
Good night ! :D 
My younger brother went out on a double date today . :) Awwee . 
Cleaning the house , once again for my Grandparents ' visit . :) 
Everyone off to bed . < PROPFEMALE > won't come unless you're fast asleep . :) 
Tomorrow = Present opening , eating , and visiting and it should all be finished up by about five o ' clock ... Then what ? :P 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! :DD 
Over the river and through the woods , to Grandmother's house we go ! :D 
It was a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas after all . :) I hope everyone had a good time . 
It's been a great day , but now it's time for some sleep . :) 
is going out with Jocey and < PROPMALE > today . :DD 
If my heart should break , well I will surely die and my blood will flow and my soul will fly ... Into the night where the spirits scream , I will leave this world and become a dream . :) 
Nooo ... I don't want to go to school tomorrow . D ' : 
I don't want to go to school ... And YOU can't make me . >:O 
hates feeling sick . DDD ' : 
Good night facebook . 
Pain , pain go away ... D: 
fell asleep and had a strange dream ... Hopefully I remember it later . :O 
I'm feeling better . So I'll be at school tomorrow . :) 
Black . :) 
Good night Facebook . :) 
is sooo sleepy . :O 
is confuzzled . :O 
dislikes trying to sleep when I'm restless ... :( 
The Chargers better win today . :D 
It's < PROPFEMALE > outside . :O The windows are all fogged up because it's so cold outside . Thank God for warm tea . ;) 
Everyone is on Facebook , because the rain is keeping us indoors . :( 
GAH !!! I typed up all this stuff for homework ! And now the computer is being a jerk and I can't print it !! D: I can't even send it to myself .... I did all that work for nothing . :'( 
Good night everyone . :) 
Of to school now . D: 
I like the rain ... But not when I have to be at school . :O 
Job Shadowing tomorrow . :O 
I have to get myself over to < PROPFEMALE > before school to drop off my job shadowing form , then walk over to Brookhurst to do the job shadowing , at about lunchtime I've got to walk back over to < PROPFEMALE > to get to Seventh Period for a final , then walk back to Brookhurst after school for their rehearsal . :O I hope it doesn't rain too much ... Life would be so much easier if I could drive . 
is proud of her Culinary < PROPMALE > final . ;) I got an A and Chef < PROPMALE > really liked it . 
School tomorrow ... Or actually today ... Bleh ... :( 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > AND < PROPFEMALE > ! I can't believe you're already twenty ! :O 
4 of 6 Finals are finished . :O I'll do the rest tomorrow . 
is always playing mommy and checking up on everyone to make sure they're doing what their supposed to and that they're alright . :) 
Cleaning the entire house is tiresome work . :P 
The first day of our last semester of High School starts today . 4 1/2 months to go guys . :O 
My computer can't decide if it wants to work or if it wants to die . :O 
Theater Festival is tomorrow ! :O Come see us preform at Cypress College at 7:00 P.M. ;) 
Searching for prom dresses . :O 
No school tomorrow . :D 
Sooooo tiired . D: 
I don't want to go to school this week . D: 
Off to school now . :O 
Going to school . :O 
If I had 30 cents , and one was not a nickle , I'd be the other one . 
Thank God for Fridays . :) 
This is the first day in awhile that I slept in past 8:00 . :) 
My sister is getting all the fun and snow ... I get ... To clean the house . :O 
All is as it should be . :) 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day and Chinese New Year to all . :D 
Had an awesome day today ! :D Why do we have to have school tomorrow ? D: 
Graduation is at 7 P.M. this year . :D I love the fact that I won't have to sit in those hot gowns in the middle of the day with the sun shining in our eyes . Instead , it'll be cool and no one will sweat . :) Thank you < PROPFEMALE > . 
is an official nerd now . :O 
I'm starting to feel sick . D: 
NyQuil ... I'll pass out in a few minutes . :O 
Awesome day . :D 
Is calculating the cost of living . :O 
Just got back from having dinner with my Grandparents . :) 
I want to watch < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
I really like singing , I just wish I wasn't sick so that everyone else could enjoy the sound of it . :P 
While telling me about his senior project , this kid told me he wanted a PhD . I told him I had a PhD . He asked \Really ? In what ? \ " I replied \ " In kicking ass . \ " :) " 
is a lookn ' for a movie monologue . :) 
Overslept due to too much medicine and absent-mindedness . :O 
I finished Warcraft III today ... What's the big deal ? :P 
I woke up realizing it's Thursday and not Friday ... This makes for a bad start . :/ 
Vicks Vapor Rub smells awful . :/ But I guess it does the trick . 
At least it really is Friday today . :P 
I had an awesome weekend . :D It's too bad that it has to come to an end ... And then begin a full week of school . :( Not even a late start to help things along . 
I'm so exhausted . I feel like I didn't sleep at all last night . D: 
I can't believe that because the budget cuts in California , there won't be a theater program in our high school . Even though I won't be there , this is truly a sad day . :( 
Working on Senior Project . :O 
I'm so glad it's Friday . :) 
Of all nights ... I dislike Sunday night the most . :( 
I don't want to change my clocks on Sunday . Losing an extra hour of sleep . :( 
Darnnit ! I thought today was Friday again . :O 
It is NOW Friday ... I just need to get through school today , and then all will be right with the world . :) 
I need a new camera . :O 
I never thought I'd say this but ... Thank god for the CAHSEE . :) 
Awesome day . :) Too bad that tomorrow is Monday . :O 
I finally figured out how to download pictures from my phone . :) 
Today was definitely and awesome day . Breakfast with my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , only two hours of school , awesome laughs at lunch , and fun at rehearsal . :) 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Remember to wear your green . ;) 
Vegetarian ramen tastes like grass ! :( 
Prom is May first ? ... I still need to find someone to go with . :O 
is actually excited to go to < PROPMALE > today . :O 
Mrs. Lecesne told us that she watched Twilight and actually enjoyed it ... I lost a bit of respect for her that day ... :( 
I woke up at 5:30 today , realized that it was a late start , then went back to bed . :) ? 
It takes youtube waaaay too long to process a video . :/ 
Senior Project practice presentation today ... I hope it goes well . 
Had a good day ... I'm soooo sleepy now , I think it's time to get some rest . :) 
I need to work on exercising my vocals . :P 
Is practicing for the driver's permit test . :P 
Pros and Cons of Waking Up Late : Cons : I miss some classes , and have to walk to school by myself . :( Pros : I get to talk to my sister . :) 
Food Poisoning = Bad news :( 
Tomorrow's going to be a looonnngggg day . 
The Spring Musical : \The Floating Princess\ " is on April 15 & 16 . " 
Off to school and then rehearsal . Longest week ever . :P 
There are sooo many sexual innuendos in our Spring Musical ... And we didn't even put them there . :O 
Spring Break . :) 
Just got back from prom dress shopping . :) 
Happy Easter . :) 
I can't remember everything that has to be included for senior project portfolios ... Someone help me out ? :) 
Hopefully it doesn't rain all week . :O 
hoping I'll get the dress I want for prom . :) 
Ugghhh ... I feel so terrible today . :( Spring Break isn't turning out very well right now . 
I'm sorry ... I don't care who you are ... You can't \rock a snuggie\ " . :O " 
Does anyone know everything that is supposed to be included in the senior project portfolio ? 
Just finished watching Paprika . :) It was pretty awesome , but so strange . 
Not only do I have to find a prom gown ... But I've also got to find a floating < PROPFEMALE > gown . I'm not buying one for the play though ... Anyone want to help out ? :) 
Time for some sleep . Six Flags with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > tomorrow . ? 
Today = Cleaning + Nerding it up . :) 
Don't you just hate it when construction workers are working on your house ? :/ 
Does anyone know the website for that application we have to fill out for senior project ? :( 
Mannn ... Spring break is over already . :( This week is going to be sooo busy . Rehearsal all week long , spring musical on Thursday and Friday , and preparing for Senior Project over the weekend . When will the work end ? 
Thank god for late start days . :) 
Off to school . The longest two weeks of my life begin today . :P 
For the first time in a long time ... I wish I had shoes that I could actually wear with socks . :/ 
I am NOT getting sick . :/ 
I'm soooo exhausted this week . And it's only half way over . :O 
I can't believe the play is today ! :O 
Play today : First show = disaster ; second show = awesome . :) 
Thanks to everyone who showed up to support us at our show ! :D We had a lot of fun ... I think . 
After this week is over , I'll feel soooo much better . :) 
This weekend is waaaaaaayyyy too short . :/ 
My voice is finally coming back . :) 
Sometimes people just don't understand ... But sometimes , it's better that way . :) 
WHAT TIME IS IT ?! 
SENIOR PROJECT IS DONE !!! TAKE THAT SUCKA !! :D 
I'm going to kick sooo much butt during senior project tomorrow . :) 
It just had to rain today ... :/ 
8:45 A.M. in room 43 . Off to school I go . \D\ " here I come . :) " 
There WAS supposed to be a meteor shower tonight ... But because of all the rain and clouds , we won't be able to see it . :/ 
Thank God for Fridays . I need a good break . :) 
Awesome day and laser tagging night . :) Prom dress shopping tomorrow , please let me find one . :P 
Did not find a dress ... Beginning to wonder if I even want to go to prom anymore ... :( 
Finally found a dress ! Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Why is it that every time we have a late start ... I forget it is one ? :O 
I love making yummy food . :) 
Is officially done writing the script for our theater final . Everyone needs to give me their e-mail addresses so I send them to you . :P 
I might have to murder one of my siblings . :/ 
Prom tomorrow . I have to take about fifty-million pictures . :O 
Going to start getting ready for Prom . ;) ? 
Off to get my hair done for prom with < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
waiting on my date to get here . :P 
Prom was sooo good this year . :) 
I can't believe this weekend is over already ... :/ 
The only good thing about Mondays : Adventure Time . ;) 
I'm feeling much better now , all around . :) 
Last day of testing tomorrow . :P Thank goodness it's over , but I think I'm going to kind of miss having the short , one hour classes . :P 
Watching C.S.I. , I realized I learned a lot more in my Forensics class than I had thought . 
hates fat people . 
hates < PROPFEMALE > chongs too . 
hates the color black . 
hates large breasted blondes . 
Job hunting . Any suggestions ? 
What movie should I watch right now ~ !?! 
I'll take the Midnight Train going anywhere . 
Shmowzow ! Adventure Time is on tonight ! :D 
People still need to send me pictures and videos for the Theater Senior Slide Show ... :/ Come on guys , I only have about three weeks to put it together . 
After next week ... I'll be ready for high school to be over . :P 
Send me pictures people ! :P 
is black 
Oh man , it's Monday , School ... Job interview ... And working on Rebel Show ... This week is never going to end . :P 
THEATER SENIORS : You still need to send me those baby pictures . The only one that is off the hook is Edmar . 
Job interview in a few minutes . :O 
It's times like this , I wish I had an ipod ... Then I'd just go for a walk and think a little . 
My senioritis is so bad , it's starting to hurt when I try to get out of bed every morning . 
It's so strange that I felt alright yesterday ... But I feel sooo terrible today . But , I don't have the luxury of relaxing and trying to feel better right now ... So it's off to school and then Rebel show . 
Kicked butt at Rebel Show tonight ! Too bad I got punched in the nose . Dx 
I'm exhausted . Good night all . Rebel show again tomorrow . ;D 
Work out , rebel show , dinner with some friends . :) I'm hoping this day works out . 
Thank god it's Friday and there's Memorial Day on Monday . :) 
Last night was so much fun . :) I hope everyone had a good time . 
I am AWESOME ~ ! 
Awesome three-day weekend ... But now it's over and I realize ... I have school today , and I may have to do a speech . :/ 
If you \like\ " this status I'll post on your wall something I like about you . Make this your status if you're looking for a challenge ! :) " 
This morning is already starting out to be difficult ... :/ 
Last full week of high school . :O Pretty crazy . 
I'm UGLRY ! 
Am I the only one that doesn't care about the U.S. vs England game today ? 
Where in the world can I buy ONE blank DVD ?! 
Burning the theater slideshow as we speak . :P 
Last official day of high school . : ' D 
Graduation today . Congratulations class of 2010 ! :D 
is changing her profile to a graduation picture like everyone else . 
When will I be old enough to make my own decisions ? 
First day on the job ; First day of the lonnngggest summer of my life . :P 
Picked up my sister from the airport last night got to sleep at one o ' clock , woke up at five thirty ; Long story short --- I do not want to go to work today . :( 
It's days like today that people should just call in sick , and crawl back into bed . :( 
I'm ready for the weekend ... What will I do this fourth of July ? :O 
Getting my first paycheck wasn't nearly as exciting as I thought it would be . :/ 
Is this day over yet ? :( 
It's time for the weekend . :) 
Reconstructing your personality is a little like renovating a room . Sometimes you want to keep a few things , but you realize they don't fit well with everything else , so you decide to throw them out and realize that everything works a lot better . 
Everyone is going somewhere today ... I wish I wasn't going to work all day ... Otherwise I'd join them . 
Hot Summer + Raspberry Lemonade = A- O.K. by me . :) 
Today I was one of the guys . :) 
It's good to have great friends that you can talk to about anything and know they'd do anything for you . 
Debating on whether I feel like I was just punched in the face , or hit by a truck . :/ 
School starts two weeks from today . :O 
This is the one morning in a long time that I woke up early and thought to myself ... \I'd really like to go work out right now ... Maybe even go for a run . \ " And now I can't ... Because I have to go to work . :/ " 
I've got a strong hankering to do some MadLibs .... I don't even know why .. :O 
\Dear Fullerton < PROPMALE > ... Give me the classes I want ... Or else I may have to take drastic measures . \"" 
Fullerton < PROPMALE > here I come !... To petition for some of your classes . D:< 
I beat out 30 other petitioners for my math class today . :) Too bad I used up all my luck for the rest of the year . 
It's times like this I wish I could drive , that way I wouldn't have to take the bus to school . D: 
New laptop <3 
15 degrees cooler than yesterday ... doesnt make today any less hot . 
< PROPFEMALE > D is not awesome . :( 
Got to school two hours early for nothing . :/ This is disappointing . 
My head hurts ... :( 
Four day weekend . <3 
Perfection is in the eye of the beholder . We have it within us to make the world around us perfect .... But what's perfect for you , may not be perfect for everyone . Is it right for us to strive for our perfect world when it takes away from someone else's ? 
WORST DAY EVER !!!! 
Very good and interesting birthday . :) Adulthood , here I come . Bring on more headaches ! 
New phone ... I don't understand you're gadgets , shall I read your owner's < PROPMALE > ? Pffttt ... Probably not . :) 
Sometimes to find who you are you've got to look to where you've been and where you're going to push yourself to go . 
Man , sometimes I just wish I was 600lbs and was feces stuck to a bed . 
Trying your hardest means nothing if you're not trying the right way . 
I AM THE BEST EVUUUUUUURRRRR !!! 
You'll know it when you see it . 
This weekend must be filled with plans ... At all costs ! > : U 
Real style is about being able to cover up all of your body parts , and still looking good . :) 
Just filling time is hardly fulfilling . 
Que Pasoooooooo ? 
If it's supposedly \mygateway\ " then you should be letting me in ... :/ " 
IN YOUR FACE MYGATEWAY ! I'm all up in your site right now ! :D 
Hacked by < PROPFIRST > baca 
\Knowing others is intelligence ; knowing yourself is true wisdom . Mastering others is strength ; mastering yourself is true power . \"" 
The first step is to realize you're not good enough ... The second is to do something about it . 
The best thing about fighting with you , is getting < PROPMALE > to fall in love with you all over again . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to every boy and girl ! :D 
Not knowing what you have until it's gone is highly overrated ... Just appreciate it now and live . 
You can turn any moment into the right moment . 
Some people are afraid that if they get off their high horse , it'll gallop away . 
Realized that there is no school tomorrow ... Alright . :) 
Had fun with the guys tonight . :) 
First day back to school tomorrow-adventures await ! :D 
Hurricane Warnings , and snowstorms everywhere , even for Wisconsin . Winds can churn up 25 foot waves in lake Michigan . And people still don't think global warming exists ? 
Is it just me , or is everyone in the world sick right now ? : 0 
\Science is organized knowledge . Wisdom is organized life . \ " ~ Immanuel Kant " 
Either do something about it or mind your own buisness . Im tired of people just feeling \sorry \"." 
\See we still keep talkin ' after you're gone\ 
I've got a headache that just wont quit . : 0 
No computer for two weeks . Text or call if you need me . :) 
