Gotta love this summer air ! ;P 

Going hiking in the mountains today ! 
chillin at the beach :D 
looking for a job . all the old people are getting them :[ 
just a little depressed . ill get over it 
Feeling lonely and depressed as of late . Meh . I'll get over it ^^ 
< PROPMALE > out at the house for a bit . had fun . now im tired and its time for some sleep :P 
cleaning up the house ... yay 
A lot on my mind . A lot on my mind .... 
i just had the worst and best day ever . 
going to greenestreet . itll be awesomesauce 
Saw Paranormal Activities . Some scary shit right there ... 
going to the halloween party tomorrow with < PROPMALE > E . <3 . I'm a Tavern Girl . He's a Zombie . Fun times ... 
cant wait until halloween :) 
This guy's a huge thorn in my side . I just feel like screaming . 
So much snow ! Guess I'll go sledding or something . :] 
So bored . Reading Shakespeare . Fun stuff :] 
Think I have the flu :( 
I swear the rain is just taunting me . 
When you're gone the pieces of my heart are missing you . When you're gone the face I came to know is missing too . 
Snow again . BAH !!!! 
Nothing better than having a Disney < PROPFEMALE > movie marathon on a lazy Friday . 
Sleep deprivation is not fun . At all . aaaaaah 
Birthday's April 16 . I turn 20 . Give me a wii and I'll love you forever <3 
I found myself in Wonderland . Get back on my feet , on the ground . Is this real ? Is this pretend ? I'll take a stand until the end . 
This is so wierd . It's snowing and i hear a thump at the window . A bird flew into it and its wing was hurt . I brought it inside , my mom prayed for it and it instantly got better and flew off . I just realized what I want to do with my life . Work with animals <3 
Just finished watching Ice Castles . I'm in love with the theme song . One of my faves :] 
What sunshine is to flowers , smiles are to humanity . These are but trifles , to be sure ; but , scattered along life's pathway , the good they do is inconceivable . 
If I had a single flower for every time I think about you , I could walk forever in my garden . 
My older brother got married to some chick from England ! I'm proud of him :D 
I don't even know . My life isn't going anywhere . 
Happy Easter everyone ! 
It's Easter . And I smell food . ;( 
So , I really should go to sleep but . I can't . Hate when that happens . 
someone . help . me . decide . on . a . career ...!!! 
having an awesome day so far because of a certain someone :] 
I couldn't sleep . So here I am . Having problems with sleep can be such a pain in the tush . Buuut on another note ... Missing someone right now . You know who you are ! :3 
ill be baaaack around .... idk . late . dont miss me ;) 
Getting ready for church . Haven't been in years ! 
Tired , hungry , and bored . Going to bed early . \Sam !? Going to bed early !? \ " I know right ? :P " 
Why am I up ? o.O 
Hurray for getting 3 hours of sleep ... =/ 
Had a Samtastic day with someone special ! Anyways ... I'm tired . And ... stuff . 
I'm suddenly craving a red hot sausage . I want one so baaaad . :( 
Just woke up at 4 am here . Have a huge headache and feel like crap . :( 
I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself . A bird will fall frozen dead from a bough without ever having felt sorry for itself . 
Lightning scares me . On another note ... I have a certain someones ' Domo hat ! MWAHAHAHA 
Sick . Again ..... :( 
Off to bed . Don't miss me ! 
I smell burgers . Thanks , mom for making me suddenly very hungry . 
is going to sleep . Nice good sleep ... Bed beckoning to me .... sleeeeeepy 
Insane in the membrane ! 
Watching Record of Lodoss War for the 7th time :d 
Wtflip ... Brains about to ...... implode . 
Just finished watching Dear < PROPFIRST > . The ending surprised to to be honest . But it was simply amazing . Only wish < PROPFIRST > was there to watch it with me :( 
Had an awesome day with my boo . =) 
Dragon Age Origins and Mass Effect 2 are very very addictive lol 
Incognito Pandas ... Never saw that coming . 
Don't you love when your computer decides to crash and you have a hard time just trying to turn the stupid thing on ? 
Going to watch Eclipse with my mom in a few hours . I can't waaaait ! Team Jakeward :3 
Death by snoo snoo . Ahhh , good ol ' Futurama ... 
Fufufufu ~ ~ v.v 
Good ole country fried dill pickles . Mmm . 
Can't sleep . Had less than 7 hours of sleep the past 2 days . Add another hour plus a headache . Aaaah , today's gonna suck ! 
Hot .... sauce .... o___o ; 
So confused . Conflicted with myself . Now what ? 
Mondays ... haaaate em . Someone save me ! 
Even if I could go back and change things in the past , I wouldn't . I am who I am because of those days . 
So , I had a new revelation today and managed to get some things off my chest that have been bottled up for a while . Man , it's good when people actually \listen . \"" 
Let's pretend I know how to dance . You know who I'm talking to ;] 
Pretending to give a damn . 
Rum , anyone ? :] 
Sick to my stomach . Story of my life . 
Achievement hunting on the Xbox360 . Hey , at least it's something to when you're bored shitless . :] 
Someone entertain me . 
Just bought some DLC for Dragon Age Origins on the Xbox 360 . So fun . Nerd time ;) 
The rest is not real , but that is a lie . \ 
Beneath me I see the falling sky . 
Okay , < PROPFIRST > is done being lazy . I'm finally getting my license soon , and a job/school . I figure 2 years without doing anything is just .... retarded . 
So , I can't sleep ... I'll no doubt end up asleep all day . =[ 
Ugh , I think I'm sick . And there's nothing good to drink ... =( 
I need a drink . I REALLY need a drink . 
Nerdin ' it up with Mass Effect 1 . God , I'm such an achievement whore . 
is \ 
cleverly disguised as a responsible adult . 
?? q ? uo p ?? oq ??? ? ? nq ? ???? ? s ?? ??? s ? s ??? 
Damned convenience stores and their lack of hot sausages ... 
Some people really should learn how to not drive like a moron ... I'm not talking about myself here- that's besides the point haha . 
Got my hot sausages and I can honestly say ... I R HAPPY . <3333 
No matter what I do , I can't sleep . Great ... 
Gotta love waking up in the morning with a crick in your neck . Ah , good times . 
Don't you hate when you misplace your phone and can't find it ANYWHERE ? grrrr 
I have a sudden craving for some chocolate milk . :[ 
Facebook needs to stop acting retarded . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Eyre . This is one long ass movie 
whoever says paper beats rock is an idiot . next time I see someone say\ 
that I'll throw a rock at them while they hold up a sheet of paper . 
is experiencing life at a rate of several wtf's a minute . 
\In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life : it goes on . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Frost " 
Couldn't sleep last night . I fell asleep while walking down a flight of stairs and well ... use your imagination >.< 
So like half my laptop screen is black because i accidentally threw a blanket on top of it while it was on . FML 
My little brother's graduating from National Guard BCT in 2 days ! :] 
In South < PROPFEMALE > . My little brother is graduating from basic tomorrow ! Little < PROPFIRST > ... is a man now ! -tears- 
Sweet . I got a phone call from 666-666-6666 . Who the HELL was that ? See what I did there ? 
Fruit with no taste .... Mmm ..... 
Ugh . I feel sick . I need to cuddle :( 
Interview tomorrow . Hopefully , I'll get hired . 
Been addicted to Sims 3 lately , haha ! 
I could really use a drink right now ... 
Please take time today to remember the victims of the 9/11 attacks in the Twin Towers to remember all who were lost . 
Someone tell my camera to fix itself . 
So apparently I'm gonna burn in hell for all eternity . Thanks , that's real sweet of you . 
Job interview in 30 minutes . Hope I don't fuck it up . 
Someone play WoW with me . :] 
Just finished watching < PROPFEMALE > ... brought back memories :3 
I have the sudden urge to be violent to someone right now . 
About to cook an amazing meal . Call me Chef Beebe ! 
I miss elementary school , when there was less drama and more play . 
Happy Tree Friends is freakin ' hilarious ! Albeit sick ... 
Took a nap and had a dream that I was a teenager in the 70's . I watch too much \That 70's Show\ " =/ " 
Just watched one of the best movies I've ever seen : < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland :] 
I still don't feel that great . Stupid burger and it's stupid coleslaw ( eww ) 
Going to the < PROPFEMALE > classic fair today . <3 :D 
I wanna stop misplacing my phone for once . 
So , tuna straight from the can is gross 
When you have insomnia , you're never really asleep , and you're never really awake . 
Last night was freakin crazy . But awesome at the same time :] 
Shittalkers only waste the Earth's precious oxygen . I have better things to do than argue with girls that wanna act like 12 year old juveniles . Thanks , and bye . 
That's what I get for going outside with wet hair when it's freezing cold ... 
I think I'm coming down with something . I hope it's not the flu . 
I have a zero tolerance for sanctimonious morons who try to scare people . 
What the hell am I doing ...? 
Horror movie marathon . Wish someone could watch them with me =( 
It's just gonna be one of those days , I see ... 
I've just done the most hardcore workout I've had in a while . Full of energy ! 
Running up and down the stairs every few minutes to hand out < PROPFEMALE > ... fun . 
Appointment with the Navy recruiter tomorrow . Thank god my ASVAB is still good for 2 years . I cbf taking that again lol 
[ Insert generic Facebook status ] 
Some things are better left unseen ... 
I speak my mind . I never mind what I speak . 
I need a damn drink . 
Goin ' down to MEPS or whatever to pick my job in the Navy , and I'll possibly get sworn in :o 
Back from MEPS . Today was sooo long . But I picked my job , and I'll be an Operations Specialist . Leave for RCT in May :D 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is\ 
to not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight\ 
against child abuse & copy & paste to your stat to invite your\ 
friends to do the same . 
Why do people buy the slowest internet possible and then complain it's too slow ? 
I don't\ 
need an angel on my Christmas tree I already have several in heaven\ 
looking down on me ........ put this as your status if there is someone\ 
in Heaven you will miss this Christmas 
Snow , for the win ! <33 
I'm reeeeally itchin ' to make a snow angel . >.< 
Yes , I know how to shut up . I just don't know when . 
I'm in a good mood for some reason . 
If I had a dime for every time I lost my cellphone charger , I'd be a millionaire . 
SO not interested . 
I really want to punch someone in the face . 
Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ... USMC Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan and leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx . 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor ...... this Hero and his family Please pray for the family 
Finally managed to get some pictures of my new haircut ( along with the Christmas tree ) uploaded to facebook , albeit really blurry . I need a new camera . =( 
I would've been happy with my old profile . Thanks for nothing , Facebook . 
Addicted to Fallout 3 ! : L 
I hate those nights when you can't get ANY sleep at all :( 
No , all because I ask what your name is doesn't mean I want to know your life story . 
Hooked on < PROPFEMALE > Wars : Knights of the Old Republic ... never knew how satisfying being an ass to everyone in a video game could be ... Nerdgirl love <3 
I seem to have misplaced my Christmas spirit . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! 
Apparently , yesterday was the first white Christmas here since 1969 . Wow , lol . 
Who wants to have a snowball fight ? :) 
Playing video games on a crappy computer with a crappy graphics card ... kill me :( 
I kind of miss my long hair ._. 
Celebrating New Years alone . Too bad I have no alcohol :[ 
I feel like CRAP . I think I have that bug that's going around . 
Really ... Idgaf . :] 
if your mom is or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best mom ever , if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom , and that you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one mom 
I really really really really REALLY want some damn lemonade right now ! 
Jesus might've died for your sins , but there are marines right now fighting and dying for your freedoms . Please never forget those who gave some , and some who gave all . 
About to order some pizza . So hungry I could eat a giraffe ! 
I'm out of hot sauce . My world is going to end . :( 
Through memorizing this navy stuff for now ... nn fb . <3 
Ok , I need to stop sleeping on the couch . Crick in my neck :( 
I love Sims 3 :3 <3 
A morning sugar crash ... just what I need to start my day :( 
Watching The L Word online since I have nothing better to do ... 
First time I pulled an all-nighter in months ... No idea why I did it ... 
I need a fucking drink . 
My phone's missing again . Big surprise :( 
I can't get over how adorable my puppy is . I just die of cute overload everytime he looks up at me :3333 
I don't understand why Cupid was chosen to represent < PROPFIRST>'s Day . When I think about romance , the last thing on my mind is a short , chubby toddler coming at me with a weapon . 
likes pizza . o.O 
I love those dreams when the fate of the galaxy rests in your hands . 
Nothing like a little Mountain Dew to relieve some stress . 
Three Words : Beer . Is . Nasty . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is awesome . i will admit that :) 
Life's a bitch , might as well fuck her . 
You know you're a nerd when you have dreams about Fallout 3 . 
Of course I manage to burn bacon as well . 
Going to a Navy DEP meeting in a bit . Fuuun . 
Couldn't sleep a wink , and now I'm up at 6:20 am ... Today is gonna suck . 
The early bird might get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese . 
You ask why waffles are better than pancakes ? Because they're pancakes with syrup traps . 
Just found out my ferret died of old age at 7 . Wish I had her when it happened . Wonder if she died happy . Hey ... she was my pet first I'm allowed to cry >.> 
Who knew toddlers could be so bossy ! 
Looks like my brother forgot to change his tampon . 
I need a new pair of eyes . Who wants to trade ? 
Im such a huge dyke vagina is my fav thing in the world 
Only had 3 hours of sleep in the last 48 hours . fml :( 
Pepto Bismol for breakfast , mmm . 
I feel like I ran straight into a wall . Figuratively speaking , of course . 
Nothing like waking up at 7:30 am ... Way too early . Someone knock me out so I can go back to sleep :D 
Only about a month left until basic training ! I can't wait :D 
YES I LUV VAGINA ... MAYBE NEXT TIME I WILL REMEMBER 2 LOG OFF THE WII !!!! 
Off to bed in a bit , but I have an uncontrollable urge to eat some skittles :( 
