this grayling shit is for the birds ! Can't wait to get back home to the Zoo 

I love this job more and more everytime I see a new check stub ! =) 
After going through all these boring ass classes , I am going to get shit-faced this weekend . Think I'll start tomorrow after class and continue on through to Saturday night/Sunday morning . Yeah ... That sounds like the ticket ! =P 
Well , I had an alright time this weekend . Friday night started off pretty slow , then picked up a little bit but still didn't add up to anything worth bragging about . Saturday night on the other hand wasn't too bad . But I must say though , altogether this weekend definitely did not even make it to my top 25 . Maybe I'll have better luck next weekend . 
Three days and a wake up and I will be on my way out of this place and back home . Never thought I'd be happy to be going back to Michigan . 
Heading home tomorrow , glad to be getting out of Kansas ! 
Last night in Aggieville was pretty bad ass , met a lot of cool people . Getting ready to drive home though . See ya'll when I get there ! 
I had an awesome time last night . Don't think I laughed so hard at random people in my life ! I'll get a hold of you two next time I am out this way , for sure ! 
Slowly but surely , I am getting everything ready for my deployment to Afghanistan . Can't wait to get back to the Lapeer area to see some of you guys again ! 
I am so crushed that I have to wait to see Clash of the Titans in 3D ! until tuesday ... =( 
Uggh , time to start getting ready to deploy ... Not looking forward to it , but I am looking forward to the going away parties ... Good times will be had , bring your cameras if you decide to make it out to any of them !!! 
13601 Panther Dr < PROPMALE > , MI 48820-8510 is the location to my going away ceremony at the High School tomorrow at about noon in case anyone would like to attend =) 
Down here in Texas now , time to get this show on the road ! 
few more days of this crap and I get to see < PROPMALE > !!! can't wait ! 
The veiw from here is breath-taking . Can't wait to show you all the pics ! 
Well , I am finally here and surrounded by mountains . It's a pretty sweet view but the winds are crazy lol Love you guys and I can't wait to get back home and see all of you ! 
Another day in paradise . Atleast the winds weren't wicked as hell today , gotta look at the good in everything I suppose lol 
Another boring day in paradise down , something like 240 or so more to go . My how time flies .... 
Was in my first earthquake just a few hours ago . Was pretty interesting ... Thought my colleague was bouncing his leg really hard on the floor but the shaking went on for like 30 seconds . Wasn't that powerful but still shook the house . I hope there are more =) 
Watching Total Recall ... Good Times , good times ... hahaha hahaha ... Sorry , was my best Gay Robot impression under the circumstances .. You can't really get the full effect by reading the lines . 
Hello everyone , sorry I have been absent from FB so over a week . Had to take a break for a little bit and start my hibernation cycle =) Sleeping helps move this little deployment along so don't hate ! 
Hello Facebookers ! The time is getting close for me to come home and visit and I can not wait ! See ya'll soon ! =) 
I can not wait to get home and away from this place for a little while . Looking forward to a BIG Christmas dinner since I missed out on my favorite dinner holiday . Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving ! 
Sorting through a terabyte of music to put onto my computer ... Any requests ? ( Terabyte = 1000 Gigs ) 
I need to win the lottery when I come home ... 
If I had a million dollars , I would build my mom the coolest ranch house with horse stables so she could go horseback riding anytime she wanted . What would you do if you had a million dollars ? 
The countdown has begun and I can't wait till I can sip on some Mojito's and enjoys the company of friends =) 
will be home very soon . Can't hardly wait ... 
I am finally home ! Just took a nice hot shower and I am getting ready to do some laundry before I go out to my favorite bar out here . Can't wait to see you all ! 
lovin this black < PROPFIRST > storm 2 
Feels good to be home with the family . 
HOLY SHIT ! KID ROCK JUST WALKED INTO FAT BOYS ! 
what's on my mind ? well I'll tell you ... roll over accidents are kinda fun , but like other things in life , it only lasts for a couple of seconds ... oh well , guess we'll have to finish Christmas shopping tomorrow :\\ 
I can't believe its not butter face ! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE ! And Happy B-day < PROPMALE > ! Wish I caould be there with all of ya's! 
Gonna be a lot of work to get this business off the ground . It will all be worth it in the end though when we got branch offices open in a couple different states =) 
I can't believe how much facebookin I have been doing since I went home on leave ... Damn you BlackBerry , damn you to hell !! 
Brigands demand your money or your life ; women require both 
“I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . ” 
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today . It is already tomorrow in Australia . 
Don't take life too seriously . You'll never get out of it alive . 
Can I buy you a drink – or would you just prefer the five bucks ? 
Learning more now then I have since I've been here . 
I can't wait to be done with the mundane and get started on the more challenging things life has to offer . 
This was the best < PROPFIRST>'s Day ever ! Hope you all had a good one too =) 
I think my favorite song right now has to be \Hey There Delilah\ " ... No idea why anyone should care haha " 
Delirious is some funny stuff ! You know < PROPFIRST > Murphy still makes a million bucks a year off that dvd ? 
Had my account hacked so if anyone got messages from me in the past 24 hours , it wasn't me . 
I like lamp 
I need new pictures !!! I would also like to take this time to start thinking about my return party ... Any suggestions ? 
This week has been designated as Baby Pic Profile week .. Don't be the only one left out ! :D 
Oh my GAWD !! I can't wait to get the eff out of here ... I miss my friends .. I miss my family ... I miss my ... my ... my < PROPMALE > Lights !!!! And I can't forget < PROPFIRST > .. He is gonna kick my butt next time we < PROPFEMALE > out ! ;) 
Learning how to use Dreamweaver ... Kinda fun so far ... Can't wait to get a website published :) 
What's on my mind .... Hmmmmm .... What's on your mind ? 
My Mom made me laugh ..... Wiped my tears ..... Hugged me tight ..... Watched me succeed ..... Watched me fall ..... Cheered me on ..... Kept me going strong ..... and ..... drove me a little crazy at times ..... But Mom's are a promise from GOD that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful Mom . 
What's the opposite of motivation ? Cause that's about where I am right now ... Good times ! 
Life is meant to be lived , don't let complacency rule your ambitions . 
Happy thoughts .... Almost there 
I need to get a sound system for my car ... Nothing crazy , just enough to feel the music ... Can't wait till I can shop haha 
woooow < PROPFEMALE > , that song is dumb haha 
Blew my knee out somehow , calling it an early night . Talk at ya's tomorrow morning , later tonight for you eastern time zoners :P 
Here's to jumpin on the ' Quit Smoking ' band wagon ... hope this thing has seat belts ;) 
Ever feel like you have so much on your mind that you can't get anything done ? So weird ... 
Conversations are like a double-edged sword . Some can be meaningless , while others can change the coarse of history . 
The things we do .... 
this morning sucks ... too much to think about and nothing to do ... wtf , over ! 
From now on , I'm just gonna listen to the advice of my friends . 
not long to go but hot damn it feels like forever ... can't wait to get home and see everyone ... Feels like I ain't seen some of you for 15 years :( 
There is just no substitute for hard , angry rock . I can't wait to get to the Shop and just get wild 
Going to get my work out on ... be back later , sore and bruised to be sure haha 
I am so excited ! I got started a little late , but I think I will make it .. Gonna be nice to have my 17 year old beach body back . :P Now if only I could kick this damn smoking habit ... uggggg ! 
What does my work-out < PROPMALE > have in store for me today ? Can't wait to find out !! 
