I need new pictures ... plus , Facebook sucks . 

I'm starting a band . Who's with me ? 
suffers from a lack of technology , good advice and foresight , bills , time and taco < PROPFEMALE > . See ya'll ( did I really just use that word ? ) on here in a couple weeks . Deuces . 
leaving for Fort < PROPMALE > Wood , MO . in a week for reclass training . Can't wait to suck down tons of CS gas and puke my guts out , nom nom nom . Be back around the 19th . 
I really want to say something intelligent right here . It doesn't surprise me that nothing comes to mind . 
is ignoring you . 
Nothing spells fun like being out of state , rushing to the airport to make your flight before you land home prior to a 13 hour drive to another state the very next day and then realising YOU LOST YOUR F-ING WALLET ! But oh wait ... you missed your flight and happen to search your bag for something else and stumble on your wallet . Nice . 
What rolls down stairs , alone or in pairs , and over your neighbor's dog ? 
Did you know ? - That the American national anthem < PROPFEMALE > ( not the words ) is taken from a pornographic drinking song from a small British gentlemens club ? 
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you've never met . 
You know you've got an awesome job when you can sit comfortably and watch a 12 hour marathon of < PROPFEMALE > Wars 1-6 ... AND get paid for it . 
Gliese 581 g . Anybody else heard about this new planet ? Scientists are concluding odds of life existing at 100% , as well as being habitable . 
It's not about what you possess ; It's about what you know you have and how it makes you feel . I hope you feel good . 
No , I'm not ignoring you all . I no longer have internet AND my phone is changed . 
Birthday ? DENIED ! 
I have such great people in my life ! Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes . Now pool your money together and get me a gift , you bums . Ha , I'm kidding . Or am I ? No , I am .... 
Michigan vacation is over . Thank you to all my family , and I love you very much . To my friends that I was able to see and that took the time to , thank you and I love you all too , you're awesome . I had a great 15 days , more than I could have hoped for . It reminded of just how amazing things are . It was a great send-off before I deploy . I wish I had more time to share with everyone , but I'm grateful for the time I had . 
The vast majority of the nation is buried in snow resulting in millions of dollars of damage and personal hardship . Here , in Louisiana , the temp drops to about 20 and it snows for all of 5 minutes . Doesn't even stay on the ground . Apparently this is just to much , so the Governor declares a State of Emergency . Seriously ? Derp ! 
What the world needs now is more Dub Step . 
Who wants to be my battle < PROPMALE > Friday ? It's going to be a loooong and busy day . I gives cookieeeeeee .... :) 
Tomorrow's wake-up time : 4AM On the road by 5AM to Arkansas . 6 hour drive to an Army school for 2 weeks ; which , by the way , I still do not have official orders for . However , I was told to go anyway . It'll be interesting to see how that plays out . They'll either let me stay or send me away . Either way- ROAD TRIP ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s last WW I veteran < PROPFIRST > Buckles- R.I.P. 
I need some new music before I go play in the sandbox . That place can leave you out of touch with what's \hip\ " and \ " cool\ " . \ 
is the victim of another bad haircut . On the upside , at least there is hair to cut . 
9 days and a wake-up left for pre-mobilization training . Some loooooong days , but good training . I'm now expert qualified with rifle , grenade and . 50 cal . Licensed on almost every vehicle , explosives and Combat Life Saver certified . Not to mention dozens of other training courses racked up . Booyah . 
It's really hard to stay positive about life when it seems to be treating you like a punching bag . 
