< PROPFEMALE > #1 -You wanna see something BA ? \ < PROPFEMALE > #2 -\" sure ! \ " < PROPFEMALE > #2 -(rips pants)\ " There !..... Oh crap I just ripped my pants ! \ " hahahaha-good times :D " 

Owwww ! I'm teaching myself to play guitar and my fingers are NUMB ! Ow ow ow owie ! 
is sooooo bummed-cuz I just watched Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon and I always cry ! Why did that awesome dude w/the awesome green lotus sword have to die ? (and no I don't remember his name ) 
I am the walrus , they are the walrus . I am the eggman , GOO GOO GA CHOO ! 
is so tired and yaaaaaa ....... I love naps (: 
just ate waffles ! Yummmm ! 
Listening to Coldplay and I think \Yellow\ " is my favorite song now ! " 
Becca is the most awesome person in the world ! People should say something cool about her ! 
Becca and I are having facebook wars ! We are writing crazy stuff about each other on each others walls . Only signed in as each other 
WAH hahahaha ! 
Seriously , everyone go to my friends < PROPFEMALE > , look her up and write something awesome about her ! 
is totally in love with the song \Yellow\ " by Coldplay ! " 
loves the smell of rain 
just dyed her hair red 
is going to ride her bike , soon ...... Exersise ! Whoooooo ! 
is like uuber tired and wants to take a nice nap ! (might also take a shower ! )ewwwwww . 
is extremely tired and wants to take a nap-nighty night ! ZZZZZZ 
can't seem to understand the meaning of gorillas ! jokes-I'm just really bored ! (: > o party hat ! 
has a < PROPMALE > headache , cuz ' I went to Alive @ 5 and the band was totally 80s- erlack ! ): Help ! need ...... gooood ........ music 
I love summer ! But kinda bummed about her gig- ): 
is wondering what she should write a song about ........ 
is randomly watching youtube videos and loves the the Balloon Shop peepol ! 
NOOOOOO ! < PROPFIRST > Mays is dead ! .... ) : 
is wondering why everybodys dying and is very sad ! 
is saying good-bye brosephs ! I'll miss you all ! And watch the last couple vids I posted ! :D 
My bro ! My bro ! My bro broseph went jet skiing in Cabo ! 
Anberlins da bomb ! 
is BACK ! YAY ! Soooooo much agape and so many new friends ! I wannna go back to camp and stay forever ! 
has a really bad cold and wants to make herself a bowl of thai soup ! NUMO ! 
For my camp friends ! <3 UUUUUUUUU ! Sniffle * WAHHHHHHHHHH ! :( 
is in Havre with her Mom ! Yay ! Can't wait to see < PROPMALE > POTTER !!!!!!!!!!!! ( victory dance ) Snape snape severus snape ! DUMBLEDORE !!!!! 
is so thankful for the things God has given her ! :) 
is jammin ' to Plain White Tees ! Hey hey hey ! I'm gunna happy someday ! :D 
feels like she has waaaaay too many friends ! :D 
is in the chaotic enigma of love 
is not in the state of mind of thinking- its in the world of make-believe-so I'm sorry if I missed your call and I'm sorry if I hurt you-but my mind is not in the state of mind of thinking . ~ me ~ (lrics for a new song-You like ? ) 
just ate like so much deep-fat fried food ...... uuuuhg .... and my foot hurts ! :( 
is going scene ------- maybe ! What do you guys think ? 
is soooo happy to be on facebook ! Hi peeps ! :3 
can't wait to go to ANOTHER camp with her family ! YAY ! :3 
is too cool for school ! UUUUG ! 10 more days ! :( .. 
is soooo happy that Jessy is here ! YAY ! :D Victory dance ! :3 
L-l-l-life is wonderful ! :D 
is totally siked for life ! Can't wait to go to Germany ! Whooooo ! Might be going my senior year for a semester and live with my friend Jessy ! :3 You never know ! 
is so happy about everything ! Life is so great ! I'm so thankful for everything I have and all the amazing people who care about me- Life is journey that I don't wanna miss out on anything :) 
is done with her bug thingy for Honors BIO ! WHOOOOOOO ! ( victory dance ) :D 
AHHHHHHHHH ! SCHOOLS TOMORROW !!!!!! NOOOOOOOO !!!!!!! Why ? :( I'm seriously thinking of becoming a traveling poet/going on brodway and hitching a train to New York so I wouldn't have to go , buuuuuut-my dad would kill me and I have no money which means no food :( 
~ Everyday in the life is like a \The Shin's\ " song ~ " 
But the lonely are such delicate things , The wind from a wasp could blow them , Into the sea , With stones on their feet , Lost to the light and the loving we need , Still to come , The worst part and you know it , There is a numbness , In your heart and it's growing . ~ The Shins ~ 
is so excited for nothing ! Something good is going to happen soon ! :3 
is SO pumped for this weekend ! Going flyfishing with my family ! 
YAY ! Just got back from < PROPFIRST > Creek ! I didn't get ANY fish ! :( But it was FUN ! 
Weirdest night of my life ...... 
The trees in the moonshine are a dark lattice , So you catalog in the < PROPFEMALE > you notice , In a vacuum you are charged to record this , So you won't make it easy on me . ~ The Shins 
I almost have 100 friends ! YAY ! I feel so loved ! 
I got my beta fish ! YAY ! His name is < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > the III ! Hes so cool ! 
100 FRIENDS ! YAY ! 
fell down the stairs ! Might go to the doctors tomorrow ! :( 
Sabes que-estoy a tus pies ! Contigo ! Mi < PROPFEMALE > ! Quier vivir la < PROPFEMALE > ! :) Spanish class ! 
is sorrowful ...... My grandma just died and I feel like my worlds falling apart . 
is practicing a song for her grandma 
is in havre-for like 10 hours and then I'm going to kalispell until wednesday then going back to havre ! how exciting is that ? =) 
UHHHG ! I don't know what I'm going to carve my pumpkin into ! Any suggestions ? :) 
I guess everythings on my mind-like college :O I don't know why-but I feel like I'm being called to be a Youth Pastor ..... is that wierd ? What do you guys think ? 
HAHA :D I'm so happy and I dont know why ! :) 
Short bus , short bus-why do I love you so ? Haha-inside joke :) 
The Office was totally epic and I can't believe < PROPFIRST > fell into a koi pond-LOL :) 
Dyed my hair red and its pretty awesome ! see you guys on monday ! :) 
I swear-the more and more I look at my hair the more Nirvana songs pop into my head ...... I think my hair is too red ...... hmmmmmm :/ 
I had the most delicious thing today ! It was a TWINKIE CUPCAKE !!!!! :D 
I have an AMAZING IDEA ! I'm going to do a hilarious rendition of \Aint ' No Mountain High Enough\ " ! I'm so doing it soon ! :) " 
When you try your best , but you don't succeed . When you get what you want , but not what you need . When you feel so tired , but you can't sleep . Stuck in reverse . ~ Coldplay ~ 
Let's go don't wait this nights almost over honest , let's make this night last forever forever and ever let's make this last forever forever and ever let's make this last forever ~ Blink 182 ~ 
Can you feel the love tonight ? hahaahahaah ! :P It's really stuck in my head and it won't come out and I think my brain is fried from listening to too many show tunes ! 
I'm going to Bozeman ! I'm going to Bozeman ! I'm going to Bozeman ! I'm going to Bozeman ! I'm going to Bozeman ! I'm going to Bozeman ! I'm going to Bozeman ! TO SEE MY BEST < PROPMALE > ! :D ( victory dance)(all round ' town)(WOOT ! ) Y-E-S ! :D 
Hahahaaaaa-so tired but I'm so happy ! Got to see great friends , shop and sing ! :) I'll post pics later 
We can dance if we want to ! We can leave your friends behind ! Cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance , well they're no friends of mine ! I say , we can go where we want to ! A place where they will never find ! And we can act like we come from out of this world ! Leave the real one far behind , and we can dance SAFETY DANCE ! 
For once in my life-I'm in standstill Making the moment last ........ linger Not a race-just a pace Singing my song- all night long . Here it goes : Life is good but not that great I guess its ok Just waiting for time to go faster Maybe sometimes slower Oh-maybe just slower now ~ Me <3 
Let's see how many people on FB aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior ..... We need to get God back in America ... if you aren't ashamed , copy and paste this in your status ...... 
Doo da doo-life is just a box of choclates ! But I usually get the nasty , orange filled ones ! What can I say ? Right now theres not that much selection ! :( But I guess it'll happen some day when I just get the almond roca ! :) Num ! ~ me Thats the end of all creativity for tonite ! ( bow ) 
There's spring in the air They're sweeping the streets Wind is a breeze The sun becomes her he agrees What's holding up her face ? Nothing but blue skies Passage ways to windows That don't close Where do you live ? Love is a place Where are you from ? She says , ask yourself ask anyone What's holding up her face Nothing but blue skies Passage ways the mind's eye Contemplates ~ <3 is a Place by Metric 
Hmmmm ..... choir for two days in a row ??? Insane torture or fun fest ? I'm bracing myself for some crazy stuff ! ( grimace ) ' :[ 
HAPPY TURKEY DAY ! YAYAYAYAAY ! I'm going to get fat and eat as much stuffing I can get ! :) Peace out , girl scout ! 
I think I have a partial beer belly ! Way to much food ! :) I bet I've eaten more than all you guys ! LOL :D 
La la la la la la ! Doo da doo ! La la la la la ! I gained 3 pounds over Thanksgiving ! Doo da doo ! La la la la la ! I love lefsa ! AND STUFFING ! Hmmmmmmm ....... I so need to stop eating cuz ' I think all that food went to my head ! :) Sing along with me ! La la la la la la ! Doo da doo ! LAAAAAA ! :D ~ Halley's Overload of Thanksgiving Song 
Wow-Its a really small world and I might be getting caustrophobic ! :O 
What are you thinkin ' of , < PROPFIRST > ? Who are you dreamin ' of , < PROPFIRST > ? You come down from above ~ You let me sleep and let me breathe , Where I need to . And fool my heart to think that I , Might have had you . ~ < PROPFIRST > by the Dodos 
We did it ! We did it ! We did it ! Whoo ! ~ Dora the Explorer :) 
So I was like ' blah ' and you were like ' blah blah ' , Sick of these conversations with myself . Everytime you speak is a like a badly written sitcom , so just get over yourself . Its like my lifes backup to your theme song . ~ me 
It's begining to look alot like Christmas ! :O 
Hahahaha ! I did somthing kinda crazy and I'm not sure if I like the resluts ! LOL 
Hahaa ! Life is great and I'm actually getting 13 hours of sleep ! :D Thinking of starting a local radio station cuz ' the ones we have suck ! Thats whats going down in my ' crazy ' life ! Oh ! And Happy ( belated ) Christmas ! Hope everyone got a good load of presents ! 
Sleeping in until 1:00 pm ........... life is good 
OOOOOOO eeeeeeee ! oooooooooo eeeeeee ! What up with that ? What up with that ! 
Celebrate good times ! COME ON !!!!! I passed my bio test , I passed my bio test , I passed my bio test ! Whoot whoot ! 
Hmmmmm-weekend ....... to clean or not to clean ? 
Looking at old pictures and its kinda weird how much I've changed-lol 
Do you lika Pina Coladas ? And getting caught in the rain ? 
Songs of desperation , I played them for you , a moment , a love , a dream aloud a kiss , a cry our rights , our wrongs-The Temper Trap ! 
OH GOSH ! :O The new Vampire Weekend Album is totally EPIC !!!! I love all the songs ! 
Ok-so if I had a flipping amazing radio station set up in the next 5 years would you listen to it ? Just wondering =3 
Ohhhhh ! I love my hat , I love my hat ...... oh so very much ! DOOOOOOT ! ~ that was an ode to my hat that I made-be jealous :D 
Phew ! 2 down 2 more to go ! I seriously think this whole test thing is pointless , people already know I'm a genius ! :P Jokes 
Lalala ! I should be studying ...... BUT I'M NOT !!! haha 
Hmmmmm ... meatballs ... deliciousness ..... girraffe ....... butifulness ....... halley ........ randomness 
Sooooo stoked for the Vampire Weekend Concert March 16 ! Really praying that I can go =) 
REALLY NERVOUS !!!! I tried out for the Xpress talent search thingy and I'm waiting for them to call and tell me if I got in or not ! AHHHHHHHH !!!! :O 
Awwww ! Didn't get in ! =( Better luck next time ! 
Don't you hate it when you drink choco milk and all the flippin ' choco goes to the bottom-I will solve this devastating dilema in our ravished society :| 
Choco milk choco milk ! I love it so !!!! 
So theres this song ... I love it so much that I learned it and I'm going to serenade ppl tomorrow with it ..... haha 
Hm hm hm .... i'm going to get fat of these wierd korean < PROPFEMALE > snacks that I got ...... I met a cool dude today .......... hm hm hm ...... my fingers hurt form playing guitar too long ....... hm hm hm .......... kate makes me lafff real hard ....... hm hm hm ...... this is the longest post I've ever written ..... hm hm hm ..... these snacks are very delich 
Thinking of going to sleep ...... but I ate alot of junk food and I'm going to have nightmares D: 
I'ev got a lovely bunch of coconuts ! There they are standing in a row ! Big ones small ones , ones as big as your head ! 
Don't you hate it when you get the plastic wrap out , you unroll it and JUST as you put it over the bowl the plastic wrap rips ......... AHHHHHH ! 
Sooo ... I'm sitting here .... with a majorly cool person ...... ya .... shes pretty cool ...... her names Emileigh .... we're watchin ' < PROPMALE > frikkin ' Dynamite ....... so ya .... I'm full cuz ' I ate way too much queso ... which the perosn behind me also stole ..... grrrrrr .......... But I guess I like her ....... kinda ... shes mad @ me now .... like really T.O < PROPMALE > 
I just don't know what to do with myself ~ The White Stripes 
Muaaaaa ... Costco was flippin ' sweet today ..... like so many samples .... I was in junk food heaven ...... drooooooool 
Its kinda sad that I don't even know whos playing in the Superbowl .......... I'd rather sleep 
You know what ticks me off ? Corporate < PROPFEMALE > making up a stupid holiday that makes you wanna go eat 3 tubs of choco icecream to help you get over the fact that you don't have a boyfriend ...... hate Valentines Day 
YAY ! I FINISHED ! I FINISHED ! I FINISHED ! ( VICTORY DANCE ) Doo da doo ! :3 
Wearin ' 80's slouch socks tomorrow ! WHOO ! :P 
And we don't notice any time pass , we don't notice anything . We sit side by side in every class , teacher thinks that I sound funny . But she likes the way you sing . 
Random Person : Hey , you going to formal ? Me : Don't talk to me .... R : Why ? M : ............ hahahahaha-good times 
heh heh ..... tubbie 
\Neutral Milk Hotel\ " and \ " Belle and Sebasitan\ " are officially my favorite bands in the world ! :D So amazing " 
I hate how just everything here is a mess -----> but I also see the pattern of distress in the tangle 
Friday ----------> so many choices ---------> but will he call ? 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland was probably the coolest movie I've seen for a while ----> def . reccomend it =) 
I like to folf , but more than folfing , I like to watch folf on the T . V -----> my version of < PROPFIRST > C's kid song lol----->It's been stuck in my head forever 
Whoever said the grass was greener on the other side is conceited , cuz ' I'd rather have radioactive hot pink grass than stupid verde 
So -----> I'm doing a school newspaper article and I need help from my fellow Helenians (?) lol What do you guys do for fun on the weekend that's cheap and legal ? It'd be great to get some ideas =) 
I really wanna have a kareoke night !!!!!! does anyone know someone who has a machine ? Oh and thanks for the suggestions !!!! 
You know what sounds really good ? ( Fill the blank ) 
Heheheheeh -----> this weekend is so going to be epic .... like its scary how epic it's going to be 
Found the watch of my dreams ...... ate a whole thing of pub mix by myself ..... watched my favorite movie ..... played an epic game of ninja with my ninja friend .... slept ..... drank a gallon of milk ..... THIS WEEKEND WAS OF DA ' HOOK 
Geez-this whole daylight savings stuff is going to kill me 
I wanna write a rap about saran-wrap ...... hmmmmmm 
Never pick sides , never choose between two ----> but I just wanted you , I just wanted you . 
I know EXACTLY what I want for my birthday !!!! STARWARS SHEETS !!!!! 
Eat it yoshi ! hahahah-I love phone commercials ! Who plays their gameboy when camping ? 
When I was a child , I wish I had name that was something more productive ---> like < PROPMALE > 
How can this weekend get any better ? I think someone up there is really looking out for me :) 
Can't get over the fact that it's still not Friday -----> I woke up every day this week thinking it was Friday -------> when I told someone its Friday -----> they told me it wasn't------>then I was sad :( 
Muahahahaahah ..... Can't wait to go swimming ..... muahahahahaaha 
I love how theres all these people from all over ... and I see someone from school @ Fairmont Hot Spings ... make that two ( cringe ) 
I don't know why I'm on at this hour .... but I'm watching depressingly stupid movies about people with no lives ..... and eating oranges .... num :) 
ate something she wasn't supposed to eat and waiting for the side-affects 
I write my blue songs with my blue pen . I sing the blue notes to my blue friends . Now I don't know that much about you , but I like you because you're true blue . -Bright Eyes 
Now that I look back on this year ---> I realize this years almost gone ....... and I'm actually bummed out :( To all I consider my friend ----> Thanks for all the laffs :D 
That chick in that Spanish vid serioiusly hade the sweetest sideburns ------> and they were real :) 
I say that it stop snowing , righhhhhhhhtttt ....... now 
This life has been good and on my 16th birthday I will say , thanks for the laughs and the support . I'm surprised at how far I've gotten . 
For you were so different , you stood all alone . And you knew it had to be so . -the smiths 
Heck ya-we'll have our OWN 80's DANCE PARTY even though they canceled the dance . :P Kickin ' old school with Becca ! 
Hanging down town with my soul mate ...... lol .... not really .... 
\Heads on fire \"- Broken Bells " 
\Where's < PROPFIRST > Beiber ? \ " ----- SNL " 
I'm sorry , but I'm just thinking of the right words to say . I know they don't sound the way I planned them to be . But if you wait around a while , I'll make you fall for me , I promise , I promise you ... -When In Rome 
Cannot wait till it rains skittles .... it'll happen someday :) 
To peel ..... my heart .... out ..... and feed ..... it to the whales ----> Adam 
Starting a lacross club is going to be harder than I though :/ BUT I WILL MAKE IT HAPPEN !!! GRRRRR ! ( my warrior cry ! ) 
Haahhhahah-apples to apples @ church should be illegal !!!! :D Too much fun ! 
I'm the yogurt elf ! 
Do you believe in life after love ?? ----> Will Ferrel in \Land of The Lost \"" 
I seriously want to hit the football and wrestiling team in the face ----> they suck up all school funding !!!! We should work on our lacrosse club and music hall instead of buying the team brand new jerseys EVERY year !!!!!! GRRRR !!!! >:[ 
Can it ever end ? This year has lagged on and on .... sigh .... But on the bright side ---> 3 DAY WEEK !!! :D 
Where you from ? You sexy thang ??? LOL Nieffer 
Why yes , I eat popsicles while eating a cookie ... while checking facebook ... while watching a funny youtube vid .... Ahhhhhh , the things we do while doing stuff !!!! 
How can almonds taste like windex ? people confuse me o_O 
Beware of the Milky Pirates ! 
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts , there they are standing in a row ! 
CRASH ! SCREAM ! the dresser is on hazel .... AHHHHHH ! SHES ALIVE !!! I think my sis might kill me ....... right about now ..... good thing I don't store my nunchucks in there .... 
We're going on an ADVENTURE , < PROPFIRST > ! 
I'M WALKIN ' ON SUNSHINE !!! WHOAAAAA ! 
1 . yeah ...... :-D 2 . i have two hundred friends !!!!! 
15 minutes with you . Oh , I wouldn't say no . Oh please , they said you were easily read . ~ the smiths 
Yes .... art thou with Becca ? Indeed , kind sir ! 
Dandy dandy dandylions ! Frolick with a llama ! 
Hmmmm .... ( stroking imaginary beard ) ......... 
Oh the joys of waiting for summer ....... 28 days , 19 hours , 35 minutes and 46 seconds .... according to my online time calculator 
All I want is sunshine ..... and a glass of lemonade ..... and maybe a kiddie pool ...... sigh 
Is it really so strange that people drive around in golf carts for fun ? ..... I thought not ! 
I love it when you plan things out and the complete opposite happens .... haha :) 
It's just one of those days ! :D 
Be kind , please rewind .... 
I really want to eat something really unhealthy ..... hmmmmm 
Hahaha-last night ..... oh man ....... wal-mart is officially the best place to run around ! 
Yes .... I like McDiddy's ..... yes ..... 
is wondering how you actually play and BEAT minesweeper without being totally lucky ......... hmmmmmmm ........ ( stroke chin ) .......... wouldn't it be sweet if you could get paid for being amazing at minesweeper .... or any other fun/pointless video game ? I probably could get paid for being amazing at Call of Duty !!! :D 
Hey ! If you're interested in being in LACROSSE CLUB next year or know someone thats interested , please contact me or talk to me at school ! Thanks ! 
needs a sweat band for the serious minesweeping shes about to undergo 
I hate it when you get mad , then you realize it was a stupid reason to be mad and then you feel really stupid .... LOL :) 
is cleaning out her closet to make room for summer ! 
Turn it off man , turn it off ! It's sucking my will to live ! Oh , the humanity ! - < PROPMALE > from < PROPMALE>'s World 
Hate watching the news , because it reminds me of all the sadness in the world . Whoever said \ignorance is bliss\ " definitley knew what they were talking about . " 
When walking up the stairs , do you ever get the feeling that * something * is going to grab you by the ankles and do horrible things to you ??? Lately this has been a re-occuring feeling ... I might be watching too many horror films from the 50's :( 
Hey , Becca Davis .... you have a stalker ! :) jk lol 
------> Me , < PROPMALE > and Brendanare standing out there waiting for my dad ( cold and wet to top it off ) ..... and my dad comes and hes TOed to the max .... And then everybody in the gazebo realizes that they should probaly come out and say \SURPRISE !!! \ " My dad about wanted to strangle me ......... HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAD !! " 
Why yes .... I have a flower in my hair 
really wants to put a light-saber through her computer ...... 
Maaaaannnn ..... I want this flippin ' year to be over ... it's taking to long ! 
\I'm amazed at the ways you make me grin \"" 
Finals , oh finals ! I hate you ! More than you would believe . :P 
I've just seen a hit and run ..... hahahahaha :D but not of the car type 
Seriously thinking about getting dreads .... hmmm ... to dread or not to dread ? 
( dancing like a maniac and shaking my jazz hands ! ) 
IT'S OFFICIAL !!!!! SUMMER SUMMER SUMMER !!!!!! :D YAY !!!!!! (* jazz * hands !!! ) 
In Havre .... ( point gun @ head ) ...... no offense to those who live there .... 
Oh yes ............ you ...... you're name ...... I don't recall ..... oh , that ....... hmmmm ....... I'm sorry but I've been passed out sleeping in the car for 6 hours , so please come back when I'm not tired 
Having a Indiana Jones Marathon as soon as we find the VCR cord !!!!!! So stoked !!!! :D 
I hate snakes-Indiana Jones 
I love how all of Indiana Jones's helper dudes are ALWAYS foreign and they ususally die ! But thats only because they betray him .... jerks ! 
Loving < PROPFEMALE > Joplin , < PROPMALE > Airplane and Strawberry Alarm Clock ......... I've decided that I was born in the wrong century . FLOWER CHILD @ <3 
Someone told me long ago that theres a calm before the storm , I know it's been coming for a long time . When it's over , so they say it'll rain a rainy day . I know , it shinin ' down like water . I wanna know , have you ever seen the rain ? 
I can't promise , I'm not really sure that we'll all be alright-Pernice Brothers 
I feel like a stud muffin ..... :D 
I < PROPFEMALE > your smile\ 
There’s a word of peace on your lips\ 
Say it , and with tenderness- < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > 
likes cleaning ... but hopes not to make it a life career :) 
Stupid mouse 
Got my new 30 gig Zune !! Way better than an i-Pod :) 
Dying my hair blue :) 
Does anyone know of a clothing store located down-town thats under a church ? I've heard great thing about it and I really don't know where it is ! 
Which ones better ? A ninja or a pirate ? A NINJA PIRATE !!! hahahaha-I love college guys :) 
wants to have a hiking party ! All who are interested , comment !!!! 
You can dance ... and sing ! Love how 80s music can come back and be two times cooler :) 
REALLY WANTS TO GO TO THE DEAD WEATHER CONCERT IN BILLINGS SOOOOOO BAD !!!!!! :O 
Ahhh ..... remember when you were young and going on the merry-go-round didn't make you sick to your stomach ? I miss that ... I hate being old :( 
Have you ever noticed how all the good things in life are being destroyed by corporate < PROPFEMALE > and the Man ? It makes a girl think that everythings been done and nothing is * really * original . I hope to make a statement to people , but statements have already been made . 
Went to see Avatar the last Airbender .... big dissapointment .... Sokka wasn't even funny :( and they said Ang's name wrong 
Mastering a blank look while watching your dad make a fool of himself ...... harder than it looks :| 
CAT ON THE KEYBOARD :) Does * not * make things easy to type 
You not know how to a eat fri rice , I make a fri rice and I teach how to eat a fri rice ! 
Going to the Folk Fest tomorrow ! and I'm probably going to be the only person with blue hair :) 
Hiking and biking tomorrow ..... I hope ! 
I love how old people comment on my blue hair as \Funky Fresh\ " or \ " Happening \"" 
Rice makes me sad .... 
My garbage makes a gong noise when I open it . :) 
practices her cockney english often and then realizes that she'd rather practice at something worth-while ............. but can't seem to think of anything . 
Dear People , \ 
I know that life has it's bumps and dead ends , but waiting for the smooth ride is worth it in the end . \ 
Sincerely < PROPFEMALE > 
While shopping for various goods at Albertsons I counted 13 double takes ...... do I have something on my face or something ??? :) haha 
Can't believe I'm a < PROPMALE > in highschool .... feel so old and wrinkly ... haha , not really ! =D 
Hands hurt from sculpting , but the end results are so worth it ! =) 
Symphony or sculpting ??? Hmmmm .... 
is preparing herself for a whole week of crazy family reunion ! I might come back a changed person ... and I * think * thats a good thing :) 
You look like a giant eagle with fire all around you , and you've got a mountain for a face . 
Good to be home , but it's a bittersweet feeling . Kinda feel empty without my family . =( 
It's really hard for me to feel sorry for your foot when your cast has awesome graffitii and love poems on it .... just saying 
Do you really think you could cheer me up with satirical jokes and puns ..... fail .... but I enjoyed the smiles while they lasted 
Waking up at 12 is definitly one of the best parts of summer ... 
is trying to get blue out of her hair ... still ! If you have any tips , please comment ! Muchas Gracias ! 
You know that guy from the Old Spice commercials ? Hes like a mix of Denzel Washington and Will Smith with a hint of < PROPMALE > Samberg ... hehe .... I plan to marry this man 
Yes , I have holes in my pants . No , I'm not a bum . Yes , I enjoy my cold knees . Jeez , it's just a pair of jeans ! 
Never dying my hair an unnatural color ever again , totally not worth the effort and time :( 
I hate when I get all reclusive and don't want to < PROPFEMALE > with anybody .... and then spend countless hours on FB . I think it's a medical condition that sorely needs a name 
Inception was by far one of the BEST movies I've seen for many years . It's a movie that makes you think about alternate realities that you make up in your mind , which is true in a way . It really made me think about how many worlds and people I've made up , but haven't met yet . 
IHOP tomorrow with Kaitlin .... oh yeah ! ( insert awesome nodding of the head ) Gunna have me some eggs and panclocks . =) 
Today was weird . It wasn't bad , but it wasn't good either . Sometimes I think I'm asleep , just going through the motions mechanically , not really knowing who or where I am . Maybe I'm just tired =/ 
woke up to the sound of heavy techno .... and I feel alive !!! 
Whos up for some croquet and ultimate frisbee ? Still figuring out the details , but it'd be nice to know who wants to go =) 
Fun things always stack up ! Going to Sweet Pea Fest , then Flathead and hopefully Becca can come ! =) I just hope it all works out !!! 
Went school shopping today and I'm embracing my nerd tendencies more than before , so don't judge me when you see me on the first day of school . =) 
Haters be hating , cuz I been out cranking , verses that be blatant and tunes that be shaking ! 
Cool beans 
Oh dancing with myself , \ 
\ 
Well there's nothing to lose , \ 
And there's nothing to prove . \ 
I'll be dancing with myself ! - < PROPFIRST > Idol 
She hands me her cell phone , says it's my dad . Man , this ain't my dad ! This is a cell phone ! \ 
I THREW IT ON THE GROUND !!!!! What , you think I'm stupid ? I'm not a part of your system ! \ 
My dad's not a phone ! \ 
DUH ! - < PROPMALE > Samberg 
If life gives you lemons , you make lemonade .... if you get a couple gallons of water and a lot of sugar along with the lemons .... ya 
Get crunk shorty !!! 
Thats what she said ... 
Make oragomi .... its good for you 
My back hurts from learning to back flip .... ah , but the pain is nothing compared to the thrill of the flip ... 
doesn't want to leave her people in Bozeman ! It hurts too much :( 
La la la la-eat a twinkie ! La la la la-frolick with llamas ! La la la la-get a tattoo of a dinosaur ! :D 
Bamphest word I've ever heard ----> logorrhea : noun ; an excessive flow of words , prolixity 
is wondering if watching pirated movies is morally wrong .... 
is craving the sound of heavy < PROPMALE > techno ..... any suggestions ? 
A-Heres your icecream . \ 
H-I don't want it , put it back in the freezer ! \ 
A-You put it back in the freezer ! I just got it out !! \ 
H-Fine ! ( eats icecream ) 
loves how she filled more than half of her Zune with music worthy to brag about :) 
can't find her favorite Flaming Lips shirt and its very sad ... I spent 2 hours looking for it :( 
I don't care what anybody says , but I seriously love \Eternal Sunshine of The Spotless Mind\ " .... mi pelicula numero uno " 
When your mind is a mess , so is mine . I cant sleep , cuz it hurts when I think . My thoughts aren't at peace . With the plans that we make , chances we take . -Jack Johnosn 
Pshhhhhh ! :) Like that'll ever happen ! ...... sorry to be the skeptic , but I don't think I'll ever be sane enough to NOT laugh when you fall down the stairs :D Have a nice day ! 
La la la la la ! Can you say tired ? :D 
I watched you through your window , I was wearing that dumb sweatshirt . I looked like a goon , I was dressed for winter . Even though it was the middle of June . -Miniature Tigers 
RAWR ! Here comes the all awesome BEARCAT ! :D 
can't wait to get her license ! Watch out world , here comes Bearcat !!! :D 
is wondering how much it costs to get your driver's license ?? Help ? 
spent 10 minutes straining pulpy orange juice ! :P blech 
Why is that when you're like , \I'm so craving pickles ( or something else weird)\ " and everybody asks if you're prego ? I don't get it :/ " 
went to a wedding and got hit on by drunk teenage guys ... not my idea of fun :/ Why can't you just drink some soda , get a sugar buzz and do some insane charleston dancing ? 
owns at parallel parking ! So excited to get my license ! 
I miss you guys .... I can't wait to get back and see you all ... maybe have a costume party , just for kicks ! :) I'm actually counting down the days till school , but I also wanna do some crazy stuff before this summer comes to an end 
Never am I going to help my mom get music she likes ... I woke up to the Indigo Girls and she had it turned up ALL the way .... major hippie headache :/ 
Why can't we just get along ? :( 
Mushi Mushi ! 
Row row row your boat ! Why , of all children's songs , must this be the one stuck in my brain . It's so catchy and redundant ! 
Aw applesauce ! I got caramel in my teeth again !! Never eat those carmel-apple pops , they get lodged deep in your gums ! :P 
I find a fatal flaw in the logic of love . 
I GOT MY LICENSE !!!!! After all the missing paperwork , rescheduling and car problems I finally got it !!!!!! 
Just found out that ' shotgun ' in a car is gangstah derived ... how cool is that ????? 
Blessed are the forgetful 
When people say you're ' deep ' , what does that mean ? You have a deep heart , a deep mind , a deep soul ? I'm just being me , the best that I can . 
Its hard for me to understand conformity , it makes everybody the same . Who would want to be like everybody else just to fit in ? 
has been experiencing life changing experiences in the past 2 weeks , doesn't know what to expect for school and has no idea what shes doing ..... and life is good ! 
dunks doughnuts daily 
I wish you could look into people's glove boxes ... they reveal what the persons like 
Found out her challenges of the week --> 1 . Ride 9 < PROPMALE > on bike on < PROPMALE > terrain out of town 2 . Dub her bike something FIERCE ! 3 . Eat a dozen doughnuts without having to pay for them ( both in money and in weight gain ) 
Rode my bike more than 20 < PROPMALE > in the last couple days , named my bike EL CABALLO DE HIERRO ( Iron Horse en espanol ) , had a Jedi Light Saber duel with an 11 year old , ate 6 cookies and a doughnut . And best of all I was reminded by a wise jedi that \All you need is love \"- thanks Willi :) " 
really wants to go jam with a good friend :) 
Well then ... 
Love the smell of rain , it reminds me of that one time ... hehe 
Its nice to know I don't know everything in the world , theres just more to exploreand to get ridiculed for :) 
PEACE DAY MARCH !!! September 21 ! It'd be cool if we could make it happen ! 
I really wish there was a way to talk to milk , so then you didn't have to taste it , sniff it or check the expiration date . :P If anyone is a Milk Whisperer , they're welcome at my house ! 
A day of bagels , bug catching and awesome convos about the mos random stuff ... all thanks to my bff < PROPMALE > Phillips ! 
Time may change me , but I can't trace time-David Bowie 
Hate looking for colleges :/ 
I'm in love with < PROPFIRST > Mercer , and always will be . He is the epitimy of coolness and he has rad style . I don't care what you think , but he's sexier than < PROPFIRST > Depp and has 5,000,000 times the talent . 
i never got how you unwrap starbursts in your mouth ..... how does that work ? 
I love a little cry everyonce and a while ... but right now , all I can do is smile . Thank you ( bow ) 
I love my nerd friends ... the ones who don't care that I obsessivley want to marry Batman . =D 
Note to self ---> never eat green peppers if you suspect they are spicey . Results may vary i.e. Intense burning sensation on the tounge and lips , swollen tounge and lips and various family members laughing at you for smearing sourcream on like chapstick . :) 
Vocalizing is freeing ... do it :) 
First ever fender bender ... and I cried :( 
I had another debate about how Ironman totally ripped off Batman .... talk about nerdy 8 ) ( insert nerdy snort ) 
A day filled with surprises , smiles , smoothies , silliness , secrets , selective eating and best of all Spiderman .... I'd have to say its been an insteresting Friday 
People confuzzle me , I wish they would just make up thier minds about me cuz ' I'm sick of sitting on a shelf .... being examined and prodded .... it makes me get kinda caustrophobic ..... oh phooey :/ 
Hmmm .... I wonder if < PROPMALE>'s has Yoohoos .... 
Oh how I love you Trix Cereal :) My junk food obsession of cereal and doughnuts is getting to me :) 
Omg , weirdest thing ... I got like 8 guys whistling at me on my bike .... can't a girl just ride her dang bike in peace ? 
God , I love The Pixies :) 
Don't run away , I just want to speak my heart . Its so hard when you hide , I don't wanna < PROPMALE > you any more . Come back , I want it to be like it was . :( 
I need a Yoohoo ..... stat ! 
I'm sorry I have to be me , I'm sorry you have to be you ... but this is life and we're supposed to be us . My friend , its hard , but we'll never be apart , I promise you that . :) 
I really can't wait till I can go out and buy supplies for my own superhero costume ! If Batgirl from Bataman can make her own costume so can I ! =D 
Living the life you love is harder than I thought .... you just tick people off and attract bad energy . But I guess it all turns out right in the end . =) 
Last nite's Office was so funny ... I still can't get over < PROPFIRST>'s magic tricks for the video ... :) 
Ahhhhh .... Journey , the balm to my soul :) 
NAMI walk today , but no ... I'm not walking ... I be bouncing @ the Bounce House :) 
The Office is calling ! Oh Dwight ... I love you so 8 ) 
1st Saturday where I don't have to do anything .... I like just chilling =) 
( Insert RANDOM DANCING ) Yeah , thats what cool people do when they're alone in the house .... they dance ... their pants .... off .... not literally tho , thats just gross 
I love awkward encounters at Costco , they make me want to go do a documentary on the random people that you meet there :) Like the guy with the handlebar mustache , only REAL men wear handlebar mustaches ! 
At this point in my life I think I could summarize my life with any Shins song , they're just so insightful and have dual inerpretations . < PROPFIRST > Mercer is a genius and I really think The Shins need to go on tour in the next couple years , just so I can tell him that I've never felt so attached to band like his . 
I'm IN LOVE WITHHHH .... GASP ........ ( fill in the blank ) 
Oh gosh .. its Friday and I'm already freaking out :) 
is the most content person on this place called Earth . Thanks all you guys that made me so insanely happy and kept my head above the water . I love you all and I keep you in my thoughts . We need to have another meditation group very soon ! =D 
Ahg , I have so much stuff to do and look forward to o.O Sorry to Catie < PROPMALE > , Hallie-Maye < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Brazill , Kaitlynn < PROPFEMALE > Skoog and many others . I wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ... but I can't seem to get it together =D But I still love you ! 
Yes-I party hard .... not necessarily in the way you think ... haha 
Psh ! =] 
Love that people never cease to surprise me =) Oh < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Ahhh-the library =) 3rd best place in the world 
I wish I were in a comic book ... kinda like \Scott Pilgrim Vs . The World\ " ... but way cooler " 
Is it wrong that when a sick teenager still wants to go to school after a 4 day weekend of freedom ... theres something definitely wrong with this ..... 
Whats an ideal job ? thinking .... 
Can you say ... awkward ? 
Hmmmm ..... lyposuction 
Airband Club-anyone interested ? 
I know this sounds bad but I really wanna see someone fail at something and laugh at them ... like eating an ice cream cone and then dropping it ... I'm not trying to be mean , its just I'm usually the one failing at things =) 
Ding ding ding ! We have a winner ! 
Halloween , I own thee with my costume =) 
I wish there were \Indie Police\ " ... fighting crime and showing up indie wannabes " 
Kaitlin : Heres some tissues .. just in case you dont make it through the 15 minute car ride =) 
Hmmmm ... stargazing ? I think yes ! 
< PROPMALE > RITTER CONCERT ! WOOT ! First ever legit live concert I've been to , if you can believe that =) 
Life has gotten dismal since the moment the bomb hit , cant take it anymore =( 
Loving the snow .. but unfortunatley my mittens have dissapeared =] 
Eeeeeeeeeeeeewwwww ......? 
Ahhhh-slacking =) 
No , because ASS is a bad word ! ~ Bruski ... Ahhh-geometry =) \ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=ZNzfb008_ZQxdm0084UUS 
recently had a heart to heart talk about < PROPFEMALE > Wars with her mother and it was fantastic =) 
Dad wearing a stocking cap and dancing to gangstah music ..... and saying \BOI ! \ " ... great way to start the morning =) " 
Fell outta bed last nite , and I'm feeling just fine . So was the friend I've never had and she was feeling fine too . Content as I'll ever be , you cant take that away from me . 
Smilin ' just a lil ' bit 
Jammin ' with new friends =) 
Fish mouth =O 
Life is just so good , I could go climb a mountain and sing \Alleluia ! \ " at the top ! Awwww yeah ! =) " 
Slowwwly put down the potato =) Ahhh Thanksgiving 
My phone might jsut vibrate outta my jeans someday .... dirty thoughts =) lol 
If I had a trained croc of my own , I would ..... 
Why are we up so late ? 
Spent all nite listening to new music ... tired yet very satisfied with all the stuff she now knows 
Hey you ! Have a darn good Thanksgiving ! Now go eat and get fat cuz we need to jog together sometime . You know who you are , I excpect you to gain at leat 10 pounds ! 
Eyes are all puffy from crying for Dobby =( 
Ugh-Black Friday ... this is the part where you go duck and hide under your bed 
feels fat and happy ! 
I had my doubts , but \Flipped\ " is the BEST love story in the world .. and the best part it was directed by < PROPMALE > Reiner and the cinematography was so great ! Ok I'm done geeking out =) " 
What would you do if there was an alien invasion ? 
is watching She-Ra on Hulu ... I miss those times =) 
I love you ! 
Is it possible to explode with love ? D= It might happen ! 
I wonder where we would be without rhetoric .... go jump in a hole < PROPFIRST > Paine and no I dont care what techniques you use in your stupid pamphlets that were written when people didn't even bathe ! 
Slagging man , psh ! 
< PROPFEMALE > LeMieux ..... shwank is what you are =) 
I need a song .. one that can be easily adapted to acoustic ... quick ! 
Spell check thinks \Ghandi\ " is spelled wrong ! WTH ! " 
Whatchu talkin ' bout ' cracka !? Stop crumblin ' all ova hea ! 
Why is everybody changing their profile pic to cartoons ? I dont get it ! 
While eating salad , I noticed that the lettuce looked like alligator skin .... 
Chicka chicka ha ! 
Dear Santa , \ 
it would be nice to get some new cds , band tees and some Batman memrobilia . \ 
But if possible , could you get me a Un-Coolifier < PROPFIRST > Gun ? \ 
Your Biggest Fan , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Spending all my money on yarn T T_T T 
Fraggin ' fog ... I need to see where my car is going ! 
I wonder why you cant be married to more than one person on FB .... hmmm .. 
Where can you read books , learn Elvish and make new friends ? BOOK CLUB ! Do it ! 
found the perfect song =) 
wishes people would accept the odd ones =) 
I recently acquired new nerd friends .... excellent 
Hates it when she starts a trend and doesnt get credit ... sigh .... oh those wannabes 
Knit , crocet , eat , repeat . 
Got a band name , new hat and a guitar in hand ... its time to write a song ! 
< PROPMALE > World party .... this weekend .... awww yeah 
Hey nonny nonny ! 
I'm a chimp ! More like a pimp ! 
CA-RA-ZAY ! 
I love rediscovering music you listened to a year ago and then loving it 5 times more than before .... oh < PROPFEMALE > Underground =] 
is a Scrooge , or so I am told 
Knit knit knit 
To all those to who it may concern : Your Christmas presents will be fashionably late =) 
I hate double standerds .... a lot ..... a lot a lot ...... 
Facebook is depressing , the more I stay on , the more I realize how much time I'm wasting ..... I might delete my Facebook ..... just think of the things you could do without it ! 
AHHHH ! I love Aili Woods with all my soul , heart and foozles ! Warm fuzzies all around =) 
To all who are wondering why the suddedn change of heart about Facebook : \ 
Its because I have a tee-shirt and craft shop going and its going to be so much easier to get the products out there ! I did miss it a bit tho , pics are always fun =) 
Please copy & paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 
Having a case of agromania ..... 
skepticism is rampant ...... 
They're just old light 
Bibopsies aren't so much fun , but I got a cool band-aid ! =D 
blah blah blah .... and another blah for good measure 
My parents have found a way to inadvertantly torture me with their carnivourous tendencies ....... bacon ....... the smell is almost too much ..... what would you do in a situation like this ? Maybe being a baconatarian isnt so bad . 
In funks like this , sleep is the only cure =o 
Me : Ok , so you're on a < PROPMALE > and you're being chased by a flock of hungry looking dinosaurs . What do you do ? \ 
( Anomynous ): Uhm , next question ......? \ 
Me : This is a real life situtation , you have to have an escape plan ! \ 
( Anomynous ): Arent dinosuars dead or something ? 
Very awesome day with the mates and I couldn't ask for more really .... maybe some recording equipment , but thats all =) 
I feel like theres a lot of pretentious people that I legitly want to be friends with , but also feel like those people will piss me off after hanging with them for more than a couple minutes .............. nevermind =) 
Gah , I hate when I feel like I didn't get anything done ! 
Connor Mcsweeney ............. gah ......... get on frackin FB ..... 
Addicted to conversation hearts and can't stop putting them togther into things I'd like people to say to me ..... UR AWESOME --- MY BABY --- SWEETHEART ..... hahah 
Never touching us , \ 
the grief in the hearts of men , \ 
we just walk on by . \ 
Flying to a place , \ 
better life to be living , \ 
the mind of a child . 
La brujula de mi cabeza chocó con la apasionamiento de mi estómago ! 
Hey , you ... yeah you ... you should like The Cliffs ... cuz I'm in it =) 
Golly , is it really 10ish ...? Tea time ! 
Yay ! PJ day ! 
Just gunna mind my own business .... hum hum ..... doo da doo ...... 
Golly I extremely loath flakey people , you can never depend on them and you come out being a stalker/jerk when you get mad at them for canceling or not showing up . =/ 
Je veux que vous sachiez que rien ne pouvait me faire cesser de t'aimer ..... oh french rock =) 
Me : My head feels wierd ! \ 
Kim : Cuz you cut off the mullet ? \ 
Me : What ? \ 
Kim : I wasnt gunna tell you when you had it ........ 
Thank you to The Smiths for making life make sense again let me realize that I'm not alone in thinking that life always has a draw back =) 
I wear black on the outside , because black is how I feel on the inside-Smiths 
Cut my hair ... again .... I look like a flapper girl .... 
Never will I know what you saw in me , surely knew exactly what I saw in you . \ 
Thinking back now , I'm sure that was the only attraction . \ 
Textbook love , with a textbook style . ~ Fleet Foxes 
I now know that wasabi is not good to leave on your skin for long periods of time ... 
My hair is so fraggin ' cool .... thank you < PROPFIRST > ! 
Realizing that I'm not the person I used to be , but darlin ' theres no regrets . \ 
No regrets for you , no . 
Golly , doesnt feel like the weekend .... maybe its Monday in an alternate universe 
Wake up in a wierd position ..... get up and realize my feet are dangling off the couch ...... and my breath smells like salsa ! 
I feel the urge to play as much music as possible .... uhg I hate it when practice gets postponed =( 
got a rasta looking hat for 2 bucks at Goodwill .......................... and I be jammin ' =) 
Gunna go soak it up in a hot tub with my soulmate ..... not really , I'm just going to Boulder =) 
Cant make up my mind about anything anymore . God , love and the future ...... its almost too much . I wish I had a Magic 8 Ball that applied to special situations . 
finally found a person that gets music ! Ahg ! This is astronomical ! 
What is up with people today ? Everybody is all wierd , and its not just because of Valentines Day ..... somethings up =o 
Happiness , eudaimonia , moth , ball , bed ..... chain of thought is often dead . 
I'm seriously hankering down for some flannel and marshmellows ..... camping anyone ? Aili Woods , you are coming with me if I have to drag you away from your padre . =) 
Cranberries . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > project that I kind of need to get back to .... but instead I'm making confetti cake and getting sucked into StarTrek ...... 
Reminiscing about < PROPFEMALE > Trek ... in my head ..... I love Spock . 
So I'm officially sure that I got abducted by aliens last night ..... even my dreams arent that messed up ...... 
I had a dream that the school had a Beat Boxing Club ...... wishful thinking or reality ? 
( lifts up shirt)\ 
H : WHAT ARE YOU DOIN ? \ 
A : Drawing on your back ......... \ 
H : Oh ...... what is it ? \ 
A : I dont know ..... 
Ummmm ... you look like a dude with makeup on ..... a pretty dude ........ =) Oh thanks 
Indie movie night .... and we currently have no movies ...... Netflix ???? ( painful smile ) 
Mahhhhhhhh ...... yesterday definitely showed me that life is the best thing in the world ....... =) 
I love to run all nite ..... all day ... and all the hours in between . Aili Woods should become a trainer cuz I miss her GAM face =) 
H : You know raisins are kinda like sweetened dirt clods . \ 
R : You're kinda right . 
Very oblivious to alot of things ...... like men .... and pedology ..... and microeconomics ! 
I know that you're in love with her , \ 
I can tell by the way you never touch her or look at her . ---- Voxtrot 
Aili tells me I need to stop being a beep ..... I agree with this statement . But she cut me some slack because of certain circumstances ...... I lub her .... but she still thinks I'm overly pig-headed ..... oink 
That just be jag man 
Sugar never tasted so good to me ...... ( knock knock knock ) yeah 
I've already watched 8 movies ..... I'm thinking I need to slow down on all the foreign films .... I might start speaking french in my sleep . 
Whats the point of a movie with no main focus/plot and no devolopment of character ? 
Goodness , Havre is so .......... bleak . 
Golly , it sucks when you find out your crush is kinda not ..... straight 
These are the people I wish would somehow materialize right in my kitchen while making Banana bread .... < PROPFEMALE > WahiteKid Jens Bolstad III < PROPMALE > Ackeret and last but not least Aili Woods =) 
Man , its not even May and I have to decide on my summer plans . Dag yo ... 
I have a mole on my head ... 
M : Why can't you just be normal ? I think you just go out of your way to be weird . \ 
H : This is a puzzling theory ..... I have to think about this one . 
I've realized something ....... I've wasted 5 days sitting around watching TV and checking my FB more than needed ....................... and I don't even care =) 
Golly , people are needy . 
Is it weird to have romantic/teen angst dreams about someone you admire as a musician but in reality you almost kinda pity them in thier snobbishness ?.......... I'm very concerned 
Officially hooked on The Aquabats ...... thank you < PROPMALE > Smith ! 
I hate Apple products ..... they need to go die in a black hole .... grumble grumble . This is why I use Zunes ! 
I'm on a total funk/soul/rap jag , and I never wanna go back ! 
People talk too much . 
H : I think I'm angry man , and I don't exactly know why . \ 
M : Isn't that called \teen angst\ " ? \ 
Just got back from the track meet .... please tell me that the ones from now on are going to be less drama and tears ......... some people ! Black Swan tonite ! 
Ah , slacking . 
Have I ever felt so myself and not alone ? 
Blah , life is ok . 
Hum hum , I looked like a dude today =) 
Waiting for the day/week/year to be over ( Sigh ) Alas , time goes by its own standards ! 
Boze tomorrow ...... anybody wanna cheer on hot track chicks ? Ha , I joke =) 
Really tempted to \like\ " Beyonce ...... " 
Rolling down the street in my track sweats ....... 
School ? Not feeling it today , so come back later and I might be up . 
Tomorrow is going to be EPIK with a \k\ " ................. We're gunna party it up ova heah ! " 
So open invite to a day of roaming the streets , frisbee , Twister and Broadwater afterwards round ' 3ish ! Just call if you want in and/or need a ride ! 
Glad I'm not stressed out anymore =) 
Job hunting tomorrow ....... got my bike , newspaper and resume ........ Ready ! 
Waiting ..... 
Lifes redundant , go do something about it . 
I have a stalker ... scared , yes ..... flattered , no . 
2 French Films , 4 novels , 1 song written and a better grasp on life in general ..... Pensive but satisfying weekend . 
Bizzaro dream about books eating bugs .... and I'm not tripping I swear 
New Fleet Foxes ........ drool =) 
For the record , I'm a very adept cook .... I just made the best curry potatoes in the history of indian cooking ..... not that I'm bragging or anything .... ( brush that dirt off my shoulder ) 
Jeez , some people's cousins . 
I was thinking < PROPFEMALE > should have a Walk of The Living Dead ( for all those closet zombie and horror enthusiasts ) . I mean who wouldn't want to dress up in blood/gore parading the streets of < PROPFEMALE > ? Just a thought 
Summer-ASAP 
It'd be nice if the school year would end with a Zombie Apocalypse ...... that would definitely be ending with a big bang =) 
Hahahah ..... frigidaire .......... twucks ....... I don't think the comedic relief could get any better . 
[ Katrina Elaine]\ 
Report · 7:49 am\ 
WARNING , PLEASE READ . If someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance with your arms in the air - DO NOT do this . It is a scam , they just want to see you naked . Please copy and paste this to your status . I wish I had received this yesterday , I feel stupid now ............! 
I have all this pent up energy ..... I'm thinking Ultimate Frisbee , Plato Melting or Kite Flying .... and yes < PROPFEMALE > Strand is totally invited . Oh and chocolate milk chugging on top of all that =) 
Ha , < PROPMALE > Show and I'm checking my FB =) 
Oh Capote , why did you have to swing the other way and overdose on drugs ....? bah , where have all the good men gone ? 
Tizzed to the < PROPMALE > , but I have tea .... hmmmm , tea . Ahg ! Why cant people man up for once in their lives ?! ...... tea , think about the tea . 
Ho hum .... can't wait for school to be done . Fee fi ... 
Choices choices ... and the most obvious one is the most un-appealing . Gah , life is quite unpleasant and confusing sometimes . 
More options ..... really ?! 
Just saw Hangover Part II .... =) 
I woke up this morning and started to get ready for school ........ then I realize that its no school .... sleeping in is so under appreciated 
< PROPFEMALE > ' < PROPFEMALE>' McNamee and I have decided that I have a thing for gay/metro-sexual men . Examples : < PROPMALE > Capote , < PROPFIRST > Bowie , Batman ( sorry , but if you dress in rubber you're pretty metro ) and < PROPFIRST > Depp . If only there were a man that encompasses all of them , cuz ' I'd fall madly in love with him =) 
I GOT A JOB ! ( FIST PUMP ) 
Ahg , dreaming about < PROPFIRST > Bowie =) We rode a giant talking fish to the < PROPFEMALE > and had a jam session for an eternity .... it was so trippy and awesome ... There are no words for how beautiful it was 
First time I've ever drank straight black coffee ... and I'm officially hooked =) I've been buzzing all this time =) I'm not getting any sleep ! 
I don't need anyone-Belle and < PROPMALE > 
1 : You wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? \ 
2 : Yeah , when ? \ 
1 : I was thinking this week . \ 
2 : Welllllll .... \ 
1 : Nevermind , you cant make up your mind which pisses me off and yeah . Bye 
Over it , and I just want to scream out my love ! 
Need ..... caffine .... stat 
I cant find anything these days ..... and yes its because my room is now officially the PIT OF DOOM . D= I will clean once finals are done , I swear ! ( This message is strictly for parents eyes ) 
IS SUMMER BIZNITCH ! WHOOOOO ! Now I have to clean my room and get some coffee ... this is vair anti-climatic .... Gah ..... sigh ... 
Gah , stayed up and lost my voice from partying so hard =) ( Fist pump ) 
Dear Germs or whatever , \ 
I'm done with this whole sick/not being able to talk and what not . \ 
I'm very serious and I hope you go die in a tent filled of piranhas .... \ 
So yeah , go away so I can serenade people without sounding like a dehydrated duck thats on shrooms . \ 
yours not truely , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > . 
Can you say WONG ? Ha =) 
Uhg .... don't call me ungrateful , but starting work today does not sound very nice right now . Ach , sick body and < PROPMALE > headache . 
Fact of the day ( but not really because its very common ): People are stupid , but you have to confront that you are also a person , and part of this \people\ " . Therefore you are stupid . =) " 
Got laid off at a job I haven't even started , scared a guy off and totally think I need to get some R&R ...... real bad , really really bad . 
Feck ...... life is so wierd . But I'm wierd too , so I guess thats ok . I mean if you like to live and what not . ................ psh , feck 
Bah , its morning . 
doo doo 
Hum hum hum , its very depressing this weather . 
Camping and I ate a bunch of hot dogs ....... they're definitely going to be out of my stomach in a bit ...... on the ground ..... uhggggg ..... meat is so gross 
Begowtch ! 
Fasha : SO ! Did you enjoy the lake with the family ? \ 
Bearcat : Ummmmmm , do I get extra credit for saying yes ....? \ 
Fasha : No , really did you have fun ? \ 
Bearcat : ............... considering that you dragged me there against my will , I would say no ... but you fed me so I guess I shouldn't complain ... =) 
While riding my bike , \ 
Seeing flashes of light paths , \ 
My own is not safe . 
I have problems with people who compliment me .... 
Its sad when you're so people'd out that you just wanna curl up in a fetal position , listen to The Pixies and watch The < PROPMALE>'s Speech ....... gosh I'm such a dweeb . 
Super 8 ... today =) I'm so stoked , but < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > apparently read the synopsis and thought it was stupid . Heres the convo :\ 
E : Uhg , I don't know ... \ 
H : Then don't go ! I like going to movies by myself . Plus you'll talk ! \ 
E : .............. I'm still going to go ..... \ 
H : ........... 
Way too much sun + not having plans work out + crotch suffocating shorts = mucho mucho bad day ..... But I got to see sweet Sammi Thompson , so I'm more ok than I would have been . 
I just realized for the first time in 2 weeks that this summer is my last one as a kid ..... man what a rush .......... I'm seriously scared out of my mind ....... 
Hmmmm ..... a fish-el 
\So I was valking down the street and this guy came up to me and asked to me \ " Would you like to be a supermodel ? \"...\" ah ha ha ha har di har har =) I love SNL Movies " 
I didn't clock out for like the millionth time .... gah , my brain is not working ..... 
RAIN ! 
< PROPMALE > out with Uncle < PROPFIRST > Crapinski today ..... good times , cept ' when he got out the \Double Chug\ " ... Oh lawdy " 
I saw you through your window , I was wearing that dumb sweatshirt 
=( sadness in my heart . 
Eating Non bread and waiting for my madre to call , just woke up and not ready to deal with the current situtation . =/ 
< PROPMALE > Potter today =) Finally ! 
Oh , sweet relief ! I love my family but its kinda stressful being the most laid back one . Congrats mom for passing your boards ! 
I hope I never become uptight and picky as time wears on this body of mine . I would hate to spiral into someone whos grumpy and unpleasant . AMEN to whatevers out there ! =) 
Really wierd frikkin ' dream , not going to lie ... work today and hopefully < PROPFEMALE > with some cool cats afterwards =) 
Spent 60 and then earned 60 ... would that mean I'm back where I started ? 
Good day in the life , \ 
though summer dwindles fast , \ 
Snuffleupagus . 
Planet Earth is Blue and there's nothing I can do ...... Chanka chanka chanka a * Clap clap * =) 
I love it when you see people and they know who you are from across numerous square yards of other people ..... its weird that I'm that recognizable . I think I have a funny walk or something . 
Decemberists tonite in Zoo Town ! .... STOKED AS HECK ! =D I'm going to try soooo hard to get a pic with the band XD Wish me luck ! 
Back from the best night of my life , I consider myself so lucky with good family and friends and a place that I can call home . Montana , you're a place worth dreaming of . 
Jam sesh with < PROPMALE > .... maybe Jens Bolstad III if he's nice enough ;) I kid ! 
Good day , except for the hair cutting incident ... but that can be remedied so easily with a hat =) But it can't cover the tears I cry for my locks .... I kid , it was a fantastic day anyways ! 
Tired , but nothing Fire Tower can't fix ... maybe a Red Bull too .... and some green tea .... \Been drinking green tea all day !!! And I'm PUMPED ! \"" 
53669 ~ I adore you . You are so sweet and I'm soooo glad we're friends . Even tho we need to < PROPFEMALE > out more (!) I remember all the memories with a grin on my face =) We both have this weird obsession of weird things ... like South Park , bows , Anime and Adventureland ! This is why you need to call me up and/or give me a call very soon !!! Love you ! =D 
Got music fever , and its stellar . 
Feeling a bit like a hermit . When I finally answer my phone the flood of people never ends D= Not that I don't love you guys , I just like to be alone ... most of the time 
Golly , I just realized I'm going to be working 2 jobs ( 5 days a week ! ) and doing voice and piano lessons AND band practice ... and school starts in a couple weeks ..... VERY VERY VERY BUSY AM I ! 
I miss being a kid =( 
Camping sounds soooo good right now . 
Really really stoked to see my mom and bro =) Campings going to be the bomb . I can't believe I'm only weeks away from my senior year with a 60 dollar fine and no idea if my schedule will actually be what I need to graduate .... fun times =) 
H : \Ha 
So very tired , T T_T T\ 
working and helping so much , \ 
Being helpful tires . 
My movie is : Batman Returns\ 
Fave Character : Catwoman ( < PROPFEMALE > Pfieffer is the best one ) =) \ 
Least Fave Character : < PROPMALE > Shreck but Penguins in close 2nd\ 
Fave Song : Theres really no songs in the movie but it has that creepy orchestral stuff in the background \ 
Like my status for a movie 
Vork vork vork , thats all I do deese days . =( 
I really love my cousins , I hope my kids are as sweet as they are . =3 I'ma take a bunch of pics of them tomorrow so you guys can go eat your hearts out =) hehe 
Automatic sprinklers really freak me out sometimes . 
I want breakfast .... ( stomach grumble ) 
Do you ever think that life just passes you by , \ 
so much like a stringless kite , \ 
grabbing for the split ends , \ 
never quite catching the moments , \ 
fly away regret , sorrow and dread . \ 
But stay the meaning and reality , \ 
of love , friendship and truth . 
I love Garden State , < PROPMALE > Braff is genius =) 
My body hurts ..... somebody still owes me a backrub . Gah , but hes in Billings . 
I have to keep this pic as my profile long enough for the effect of wierdness to sink in ...... 
Stumbleupon kinda deprives me of sleep ..... 
I get a comment on my blog saying , \Whats up with you looking freakishly like that one chick from 500 Days of Summer ? \ " ..... FML =) " 
He took his vorpal sword in hand :\ 
Long time the manxome foe he sought -- \ 
So rested he by the Tumtum tree , \ 
And stood awhile in thought . \ 
And , as in uffish thought he stood , \ 
The Jabberwock , with eyes of flame , \ 
Came whiffling through the tulgey wood , \ 
And burbled as it came ! \ 
One two ! One two ! And through and through\ 
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack ! \ 
He left it dead , and with its head\ 
He went galumphing back . ~ Lewis < PROPFEMALE > 
Had a freaky dream about a sguid wearing a tophat rang my doorbell and we had breakfast and tea . His name was Sir Fredrich Tentacles , but he let me call him < PROPMALE > :3 
I have a theory of goods and bads . If you accept everything in your life , think positively and go where your instinct/heart tells you life will be good for you and manifest into many other good things =) If you're negative and treat others like crap , you're screwed ! XD 
Just woke up , realized its 2ish .... 
Rain makes me so happy , makes me feel like I'm home again . 
I love Montana , never wanna leave :) But then again ... 
Schedule ! \ 
1 . AP Spanish -Lyng\ 
2 . Jazz Choir- Schulzy :3 \ 
3 . Sci-Fi English - Gray\ 
4 . Culinary Arts 1&2 - Bassinger\ 
5 . American Gov . - Cooney\ 
6 . SATs - Schulzy again !!! :3 \ 
7 . Semester of Gym and Online Western Civ .! \ 
DREAM SCHEDULE !!! Best year of my life ! 
Considering I need to sleep , I don't think it'll happen today :/ 
So over summer weather , I think I've been wearing variations of the same darn thing all summer =/ Fall is my favourite season anyways =3 
I'm stupid , I say stupid things , I want stupid things and then I'm stupid all over and don't realize it . I know I mess up 90% of the time ... just let me do my thing , sorry if I hurt you . 
No sleep :P Brains should have some sort of switch , I'd sleep better . 
Did you ever want to be overrun by bandits\ 
To hand over all of your things and start over new ? ~ Midlake 
Its weird when your dreams turn into reality , you almost feel like you're asleep , floating above yourself . But you're not and he's holding your hand =) 
I just got a call , < PROPMALE > is leaving ..... I'm so depressed , hes one of my closest friends and I was looking forward to seeing him everyday .... :( I'm so sad in my heart . 
To be alone with you , to be alone with me , you went up on the tree . -Sufjan Stevens 
School tomorrow , blech . It doesn't feel like I should get up tomorrow and get ready ...... oh summer , where have you gone ? 
Pretty decent day :) I think it'll be a really really really uuber good year ! =D Stoked ! 
This whole cap and gown stuff is so ridiculous .... its like they're just egging you on to spend a big chunk of change on something you'll throw away in a year ! Again , I say RIDICULOUS . 
Kinda worried ...... :/ 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > , really really good . Tree of Life next week hopefully ! 
Work ... :( 
Good jam , got alot done .... hopefully we'll be playing gigs by October :3 
Over it . 
Dad : He send a text for me . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > : Um , ok ..... ( struggles with miniscule buttons for a minute)\ 
Dad : Just use the keyboard .... \ 
< PROPFEMALE > : Oh ! Thanks ! \ 
Jist of this story : < PROPFEMALE > is very glad that she doesn't text ! 
I need someone to shave my head for me :/ 
People need to butt out of my life , I can take care of myself , I'm perfectly able at graduating highschool with out anyone holding my hand . I may make mistakes , but I fix them without help . NO , I'm not capable of living on my own but who is at this age ???? I don't need someone to tell me that I'm not being safe/responsible .... Sorry for my mini rant ! 
( deep breath ) Everything will be alright . ( Exhale ) 
2 online courses , work , music and Sunday School Leader ..... ahhhhhhh help me . 
I need a time machine .... 
Danced to Friday and obsessively watching RuPaul ..... pretty good weekend already :D 
RuPaul makes everything better :) If only I could transport Ongina here ! 
Shes not a girl who misses much , doo doo doo doo doo dooo , oh yeah . ~ The Beatles 
Got off work early , so relieved to lay down ..... 
I badly need some Blitzen Trapper .... 
I want to know the 2012 Sasquatch line up already ... I really don't want to save up half a grand and find out that the bands suck . 
He calls just to say hi , I can't help but smile . 
Yogurt is always good , I don't care what you lactose intolerant people say :3 
FOUND MY BATMAN CUP !!!! 
I need to get organized again :/ 
I had a dream , you were in it , I woke up happy . 
The smell of rain stops , \ 
only to make me think of , \ 
how I want you here . 
Darn you Danni Hamper .... I want to dye my hair red now because of you ! 
Work , blah :P 
I had a dream that all the bands that I predicted to be at Sasquatch actually showed up in the lineup ....... I think I'm thinking about it too much :3 
Leave me alone ... 
Goodnight , goodnight to the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Got back from a checkup . NO anemia , no blood defeciencies ! We're in the clear !!!! 
I hear wierd noises coming from < PROPMALE>'s cage , like little drum solos ... but whenever I turn my head he's just floating serenely in his fish bowl ... 
Sometimes its hard to come to terms that I'll always have more guy friends than girls . I'm always going to be one of the guys , going to like videogames , gory movies and Batman . I was never able to actually level with a normal girl . I only notice this after I go through my friends list and realize I don't talk to even half of the girls and talk to more than two thirds of the guys . Lifes pretty funny . :) 
I miss my brother :( 
It's so weird , I'm a senior and I've just been kind of wrapped up in the idea of graduation ...... but then I look at my cousin's profile and realize I'm not the only one whos growing up . 
My old shoes , they walk without me . Waiting to find , a new pair of feet ~ Fox and Owl . Jens Bolstad III and < PROPMALE > Palkovich , I can't wait to jam with you guys <3 
Senior pictures turned out really good , definitely fits my personality and I'm glad they don't look like anyone elses . :3 Can't wait to send them out ! 
\Gandalf is a total stud ... compared to Dumbledore anyway . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Helseth " 
Tired :3 Nap time 
Sorry to be a Negative < PROPFEMALE > , but I really hate that Fall is taking it's sweet time . I want it to be cold :3 
I gots a bag of bahgels ... :3 
I noticed < PROPFIRST > Bird really likes the words like \palindrome\ " \ " metronome\ " \ " moderation\ " \ " conjugating\ " ECT . " 
I can't find my phone ... but that doesn't mean its lost :3 
I am so peeved right now ! D: 
< PROPMALE > calls me ... and I find my fraggin phone in my shoe ....... what are the odds ? 
Frag it , I'm going to eat these chicken wings . Good bye sweet vegetarianisms that have controlled my life for so long :3 But I still wont eat beef , pork or sheep :P 
