feels super yucky with when I get sunburned . I thought I had learned my lesson by now but , nope ... still forgot sunscreen !!! ARghhhhh ! 

just wants to be in ecuador right now :) it's kind of on my mind :) 
Just got back from an awesome WICKED night with < PROPFIRST > !!! Holy buckets , can I say AMAZING ??!!! YA GOTTA SEE IT !!! Thank you thank you thank you thank you , < PROPFIRST > !!! You're sooo the bomb ! Love your guts ! And your little dog too !!! 
Is just finishing packing ! If I don't come back , don't be surprised ! Ecuador here I come ! 
All packed up ! Can't fit another thing in those blasted bags ! But they'll be empty coming home :) Love you all and thanks for you're sweet msg's! xoxo Jaris 
And I would love to take you ALL with me ! 
life is never what i expect it to be ! just keep swimming , just keep swimming ! 
ecuador .... ecuador is on my mind :) 
study or clean ? argh I wish I were two people right now ! 
well , clean , it was ! now I shall study . You all are crack heads !!! ok , not all of you , but you who are know who you are !!! 
what about life break !?! not just fall break !!! 
time to study again ... and again and again :) 
hey all , just thought I'd let you know things are well . We ( my niece , nephew and I ) were in an accident this last Thursday ... wasn't too fun , but we're all home now , getting better . To say the least , we are very blessed , my car is proof of a miracle . Love you all and hope you have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
getting better and better .... I'm sure that time heals ! And ps I love you all ! Happy New Year ... soon ! 
I just signed for my house !!! Get ready for a house warming party ! You're all invited !!!! Can I say , Just a little excited !!! 
So foot surgery is ROUGH !!! But I made it out ! I have to technically be off my foot for 3 months ... who does that !?!?! I may have to hire a driver to and from work !!! Thanks for all your sweet words ! I love you all , and you can ALL come stay at my new house !!! or , should I say home :) This is so much fun ! 
Anybody want to help move stuff from the garage into the homestead ?!! Lookin for some hands thursday/friday night :) 
house stuff tomorrow ... yeah :) come if you can ! 
yes , this is some awesome weather ! And I am going to go eat a bowl of cap'n crunch and enjoy it !!! 
spent my first night in my home :) THANKS to everyone who has been helping me get things in order ! love ya ! 
i miss my old roomies ... love you girls ! You're worth a million ! 
...... can I say , I love bollywood !! 
Thanks all for the best wishes ! I love you all and yes , my b-day was great ... lunch with Launi < PROPFEMALE > and yes , < PROPFEMALE > ! soooo fun ! Now I'm camping with < PROPFEMALE > at her in-law's new cabin ! Fun times !!! 
someone tell me a fun country to visit .... and who would want to go with ? I think I need a little Europe in me ... so , what say ye ? 
Have to buy a car ... those of you who are \smooth\ " in this area ... wanna give some kind advice to your friend ?!!?! I'd love to hear it ! " 
Went to the Gila Valley < PROPFEMALE > openhouse in the weee early hours this morning with mi querido Vicente ... It was Incredible ! I love having such great friends and great experiences like that ! And the whole spanish to english transition the whole time is so fun ! 
I am so tired ! I'm going to sleep early in hopes for a good night's rest ! much needed after all this travel :) How are my friends and fam out there ?!!? I miss you all ! 
happy :) just because :) 
Booked my flight to Alaska !!! Yip Yip !! YEEEEEE ..... hardy har har .... 
jury duty .... hmmmmm . I hope so ! 
No jury duty ! Yeah for a day off to < PROPFEMALE > with Lulita e < PROPFEMALE > ! SOooooo fun ! 
ever feel like your life is a giant mixed signal ?! 
Friends reruns rock .... on season 4 ... could i be any more productive .... 
i love friends reruns .... \Could I BE any more productive today ?!!?! \"" 
I was born an original , so I refuse to die a copy . 
Almost all packed and on ready to go ! Yay for Alaska for some padres time !! 
Alaska is B-E-A_utiful :) Wish you were all here to enjoy it with me ! 
home sweet home .... here i come :) though I'd love to bring this Alaska weather back !!! 
home again , home again .... let's play ! 
has anyone ever done mystudio.net? ? Tell me about it , like , now .... :) 
couldn't sleep last night ... now i'm tired and it's only 8pm ... silly life ! 
anyone up for jesterz tonight ? it's at 8 or 10 ..... Brandon Hancock is performing :) 
Anyone up for pumpkin pancake friday !?! At Shaliece and < PROPMALE>'s! And a little A-Team love .... on bigscreen wall ??!! Cwall meee :) 
yahoo for the weekend .... :) 
Sedona Saturday :) I'm setting a new goal ... for October ! I'm going to go and do the typical October things this year !! Festivals , fall pics , hiking !!! Carnivals ... and carving pumpkins .... baking , trick-or-treating ... or at least watching ! I just want to soak it all in ! I love this month .. it's the start of that special feeling that I don't ever want to go away !!! 
Here's to pumpkin carving !! 
who wants to go to disneyland ? 
why does it have to end ???? 
< PROPFIRST > is on my mind 
