Spent New Year's with the TBA men in my life :) 

Garage sale in a couple weeks ! Woohoo ! 
Finished this quarter , finished my own website . I'm SO glad ! www.jaimiedesign.com 
1 more week of college ! I want my diploma dang-it ! 
Officially DONE with college ! I'll get my diploma in September . :) 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding was awesome ! < PROPFIRST > caught the bouquet and < PROPFIRST > caught the garter ! ;p 
Yesterday was < PROPFIRST > and I's 3 year anniversary ! 
At < PROPFIRST>'s house ; New laptop , wireless high-speed internet , and web design work ... I'm in heaven ! 
Almost done coding a website ! 
Best Grad Party ever !!! Thanks everyone for coming and being so supportive ! I love you all ! ;p 
Just gone home from partying with my cousins . Had a blast ! :) 
Going to Office < PROPMALE > later . Woo Hoo !!! 
Saw a DELOREAN in real life for the first time on the way to Office < PROPMALE > !!! Oh and the Office < PROPMALE > on < PROPMALE > and 82nd doesn't exist because google maps lies ! grrr 
Cooking up some homemade marinara sauce , yum ! 
The last 24 hours have been stressful . Work , work , work , work , work . BREAKTIME . :) 
Finally making some money :) 
At the rock climbing gym : < PROPFIRST > climbs while I work on the laptop . Good times . ;p 
Muse is totally bad ass . They need to tour here again !! 
Anybody need < PROPFEMALE > Wars action figures ? I'm selling ! 
Dedication : facebooking with your left hand when your right has carpal tunnel . It's pretty sad . haha 
Trying to get motivated !! 
Got a haircut today ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I are going to be < PROPFIRST > Mcfly and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > from Back to the Future !!! Living the dream !!! ;p 
Minus the Bear concert tonight ! ;p 
I've updated my site www.jaimiedesign.com and our business site www.leftandrightdesign.com Check them out ! 
Just finished making a badass newspaper basket . :) 
Had an awesome birthday weekend ! Date with < PROPFIRST > on Friday and cake and presents with the fam tonight . Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! :) 
WTF ?!?! So get this , my car has been out of order for a week due to a massive coolant leak . Anyways , now guess who has a mysterious coolant leak : < PROPFIRST > ! I can't freakin believe our cars are problem coolant twins in the same week ! So now we're stuck in Portland . < PROPFIRST > might have a blown head gasget and mine might be some intake manifold thingy . Oh yeah , and < PROPFIRST>'s computer bit the dust . NICE . >:( 
Good news : my car is fixed . Bad news : I have a sinus infection , again . :/ 
A word of WARNING : If you ever come across < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > or MEDIA MAISON , do NOT work with her or her company . She is a thief and she will scam you . She had us build two websites for her , and now she WONT PAY or answer any calls or emails . 
< PROPFIRST > and I got in a fender bender in my car today . NICE . We're fine , car fixable , no worries . Sucks though ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I are redoing our website . Sometimes taking a step back is the only way to move forward ! :) 
Tis the season : Anybody interested in a hand-knitted scarf or beanie ? Or perhaps a cell phone or Ipod cozy ? I've busted out the knitting supplies !! Let me know if you are interested ! 
Trying to find the parts I need for my Corsica ... It would help if I knew about cars . haha 
Beanies : $10 , Scarves : $20 , Cell phone/Ipod cozy : $5 ; You know you want in on this custom , hand-knitted action . Christmas is coming !!! 
< PROPFIRST > and I just got a whole bunch of clearance Halloween < PROPFEMALE > : like 10 bucks worth of < PROPFEMALE > for like 2.50 . YUM ! Now we are going to watch a ridiculously amount of LOST . :) 
The rock climbing gym is the BEST place to sell knitted beanies . It is full of outdoorsy men ! :) If anyone needs a beanie , scarf , or cell phone/Ipod sleeve , LET ME KNOW !! 
Motivation , where have you gone ? 
Bummed . Muse is coming to Seattle ... have no money ... and I think it's sold out :( 
Had a great Thanksgiving with my family at the Coburn's!!!! 
I like how our FREE Windows 7 upgrade costs $11.25 ... NOT . Totally lame . ;/ 
YAY !!! Looking at a cheap 95 Corsica tomorrow ! I plan on stealing it's parts at putting them on mine . After we buy it , that is . haha :) 
Finally spent my Barne's & < PROPMALE > gift card , thanks Rash ! :) Oh , and it is TOO freakin cold outside . I hate it ! 
What's better than Raspberry/Chocolate cheesecake ? FREE Raspberry/Chocolate cheesecake !!!! :) 
If I can't go to the Muse show in April , I will DIE ! :( 
Just got back from Elements Glass where < PROPFIRST > and I made our own glass ornament . Pics coming soon ! :) 
Rediscovering Zoo Tycoon 2 . Good times ! :) 
Nothing better than homemade blackberry jam with homemade bread :) 
Had another GREAT Christmas with my family !!! Happy Holidays everyone ! 
Finally saw Avatar in 3D ! Definitely the most EPIC movie ever . Everyone must see it ! :) 
Offically back in Camas :) We finished moving < PROPFIRST>'s stuff and now part way done with mine . I hope it doesn't snow while I'm moving my crap !! 
< PROPFIRST > and I just got back from eating at Claim Jumper . The food there is always AMAZING !! 
Doctor appointment today ... always anxious ! 
All moved in with < PROPFIRST > :) Our office is bad ass ! 
Bought some bird feeders for my new yard . EXCITED !!!! Too bad it's raining :( 
Might have Jury Duty this week ... SON OF A ....! :( 
Yes !! No jury duty today or tomorrow . Only three more days to call and I have a high group number . I'm crossing my fingers ! haha 
NEW OUTFIT DAY !!!! :D 
It's WAYBACK WEEK !!!! Let's Go Retro ! - Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! ( Copy and paste this to your status , and let's see how adorable we all were ! ) 
Baking bread and hopefully going to get some work done ! I'm feeling good ! 
Rediscovering my PS2 ... why did I ever go back to school ? haha j/k :p 
Computer bad , Playstation good . Who would have thought it would help my carpal tunnel ? :) 
Helped < PROPFIRST > and the gang clean out the new warehouse location today for the Selfless Creations Artist C o-o p . Found some treasures too . :) 
Played with some acrylic paint tonight . I haved painted anything since high school and I must say it felt good ! :) 
Retroweek is over ! Starting now , post a picture of someone fictional that you think best represents your personality . Be creative . Copy and paste this so we can all play along ! 
Going to get my haircut soon ! 
Reinstalling the Sims 2 and ALL my expansion packs .... why ? Because I haven't played in months and NEED my fix ! :) 
Had fun scrapbooking with my mom and sister today !! I FINALLY finished < PROPFIRST>'s baby scrapbook .... it only took me like 2 1/2 years ! haha 
IT'S BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!!!!! Update your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister or both ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! 
Kicking some website ass ! :) 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Today I went birdwatching with < PROPFIRST > at the Steigerwald Wildlife Refuge . It was the perfect day to go ! :) 
Celebrate Valentines Day , Change your Profile Picture to you and your spouse/significant other . Make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy and Paste this to your profile . ? ? ? 
Starting our < PROPFIRST>'s weekend with a glass of wine :) 
Had a GREAT < PROPFIRST>'s day with < PROPFIRST > ! Started the day with pink waffles and then went out to get Coldstone ice cream ! Came home for dinner , drank some wine and watched \Couple's Retreat\ " . It was really nice to spend the whole day together ! < PROPFIRST > is the BEST ! :) " 
Our website is 95% complete ! Final touches to be completed tomorrow , followed by its unveiling . We're super stoked , we've been working hard !!!! ;p 
Spent the weekend with my mom and dad , went to goodwill ad found some treasures , and < PROPFIRST > is back from his rock climbing vacation . Good times :) 
Coding for multiple browsers can be a real bitch . Gaaarr ! 
Just applied for a web designer position I found on < PROPMALE>'s list . EEEK , I am so nervous now !!! 
It's movie week at Facebook ; cut and Paste this to your Status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines ! Don't forget to comment on your friends movie lines ! 
Had a great dinner with my < PROPFIRST > , his dad and my parents ! And yes , I made it all . :) 
Going flower shopping with my Mom today ! Ahhh , I can't want until spring !! 
Then a speckled bird , humbly inspired , ran across the road , when it could've flew , it made me smile :) 
Just played Lord of the Rings Trivial Pursuit with < PROPFIRST > and Rash . Nothing makes me happier than sharing my movie trivia knowledge ! :) 
Allergies are DUMB :/ 
Doing laundry , cooking dinner , did the dishes , and going to bake banana bread soon . I kick ASS ! :) 
OH MY GOD !! < PROPFIRST > and I got free tickets for the JET and CRASH KINGS show tonight !!!!! THANKS < PROPFIRST > !! 
Awesome Crash Kings and Jet show tonight !!! I ache very , very badly ! hehe :) 
I am so proud of < PROPFIRST > ! He got a job at the Shell in Camas not even 24 hours after his interview ! Today is his second day , wish him luck ! :) 
Just got back from 14 hours of moving ! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are officially in Longview now ! I am SO SORE !! 
Hoping for a < PROPFEMALE > weekend so I can start building my garden plots !! :) 
I'm exhausted from planting flowers , herbs and veggies with my Mom ! :) 
Debating if I want to work on the garden plots or lounge about the house . It's a toss up ! 
Beginning Day 5 of garden plot preparation :) 
I have an interview at < PROPFEMALE > Vu consignment boutique in Camas next Thursday . :) 
Going to < PROPFIRST>'s beach house in Ocean Park with The Space peeps until Sunday . Then celebrating < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday in Longview . There is a lot of driving in my future ! Yipeee ! 
Enjoying an egg salad sandwich while I contemplate on what to create today . :) 
It's Pet week . If you have a pet you love , make them your profile picture ! 
Yay for Earth Day !! Everyone recycle !!! :) 
Have a job interview at 2 today .... god I hate selling myself ! 
I got the job at < PROPFEMALE > vu consignment in Camas !!!! yay for me ! 
About to go through the leftovers in the fridge .... I wonder what unpleasant things I will find ..... eww . 
Had a great shopping session with my mom !! Yay for something new ! :) 
Nervous for work today ... probably because tomorrow I'll be running the shop by myself . eeek :/ 
Does anybody know someone who is selling a little 4 cylinder , ( single cam , fuel injection ) engine that is compatible with a 92 Toyota Tercel ? Or a cheap Tercel with that engine ? blah , sharing a car sucks !! I'm dying here . lol 
Enjoying my day off after a busy week of training at work . Survived my first shift by myself yesterday . I think I am actually going to like this job ! :) Now I'm hoping to wrap up the digging in my last garden plot !! 
My sewing machine is being a real BITCH today !! Broke a couple needles trying to finish a SIMPLE hem . Garrr 
I am seriously BEAT . Busy week at work and had a EXCELLENT time at The Space grand opening and finally got to see < PROPFIRST > and This Infernal Machine play !!! It was so awesome !!! But the fun doesn't stop there ... The living room has become a recording studio for the weekend . Seriously , the house is strewn with cables , speakers and the like . lol 
Happy Mother's Day everyone !!! I am going to have dinner later with my wonderful mommy :) 
In the process of making a bad ass quilt out of old screen t-shirts . It is going to RULE ! 
Sore from kicking ass in the garden today ! Each plot now has a brick border :) 
My car is finally getting some new parts tomorrow !! I can't wait to have a left blinker again after six months ! Yippeee !!!! 
Day one of working nine days straight . bzzz :( 
Loving my new job ! Who would have thought ? :) 
Thankful for a short shift today :) 
My shift went REALLY fast today and it looks like I won't have to start working Sundays for awhile !!! STOKED !! 
Doing some research on an antique printing press cicra 1928 . It makes me happy :) 
Exhausted from my busy work week . So glad I have tomorrow off !!!! 
Yeah , so I had a good day at work UNTIL I screwed up the main computer . SERIOUSLY . I was asked to find some free pdf converter software and I installed some . Then I was prompted to restart and then the computer just died . Yeah , I'm hoping I didn't totally eff everything up . Luckily my boss wasn't mad , but that doesn't make me feel any better . 
Having a sewing b with < PROPFEMALE > today !!! Which may turn into a beading frenzy . :) 
Can't wait until my payday next week so I can FINALLY get my haircut !!! It's feeling long and frumpy . 
Going to spend the day with the fam !!! :) 
So my nephew saw my car today ( with its white parts ) and wanted to know why there was a cop car in the driveway . lol 
Just discovered a group of Western Scrub < PROPFIRST > fledglings in my yard ! They are so much fun to watch ! :D 
Hooray for Payday !! :) 
I wonder how many cavities the dentist will find in my mouth today . 
Spoiled myself today : new shoes , video game and bird feeder ! :) 
Had a huge buzz today and cleaned , moved furniture around and made a goodwill pile . I feel better now ! :) 
Just got back from Brenden & Mallery's wedding in Bend !! It was a whole weekend of fun and it was great to be with the gang ! And yes .... I caught the bouquet !!! :D 
Going to my parent's house for a family bbq !! :) 
Okay , so that new Five Guys burger place on 192nd kicks ass . < PROPFIRST > and I went there tonight and got huge burgers and fries made with fresh ingredients for the same price as < PROPFIRST>'s Jr. It was amazing . :) 
Went on a five mile hike today at < PROPMALE > park . It was fun , but my feet are seriously on fire ! 
Blah . Not excited to go to work today . I'm freaking tired ! 
Just watched Finding Neverland for the first time . It was SO good , I cried ! I haven't cried at a movie in awhile ! 
< PROPFIRST > killed a HUGE Hobo spider last night . It was just walking on the top of our couch , probably planning to kill us and eat us ! So I'm adding \finding a organic spider repellent\ " to my to do list . " 
Hopefully adopting a baby kitten on Tuesday ! I already purchased the necessities & am cleaning & < PROPFEMALE > proofing . :D 
The other day I had a baby name book laying out because I was looking for some cat names . < PROPFIRST>'s dad saw it and thought we we having a baby ! He was concerned . lol 
Pippin is a little spaz already ! I let him explore the whole house & he ran around like a freak ! lol 
Curse you sinus infection , curse you . 
Yay ! < PROPFIRST > got a car yesterday and I can drive myself to work now . Oh the simple pleasures :) 
What's more frustrating than BOTH of your computers having a nasty virus ? Anti-virus software that DOESN'T fix the problem ! GRRRR 
Good news : lost some weight . Bad news : most of my clothes don't fit . bzzzz :/ 
Woohoo ! It's cool enough to wear jeans today ! :) 
Had some of our onion and corn from our garden and they didn't taste like dirt ! Success ! :) 
Shopped til I dropped today with my Mom . It felt good to spoil myself today and it will be great to wear some clothes that actually fit . :) 
SisterWeek ??? If you have a sister , whether biological or spiritual , who hasmade you laugh , wiped your tears , prayed for you , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this on your wall . ??? 
< PROPFIRST > and I have been together 4 years today !!! Time sure flies when you're having fun :) 
One more shift before I get a few days off . Finally ! 
Officially missing a beloved NIN cd . This is just as bad as the time I misplaced my Back to the Future trilogy . * tear * 
Baking blueberry muffins ! And a blackberry pie sometime this weekend :) 
Made a kick ass blackberry pie tonight :) 
Taking Pippin to the vet for a check up . I haven't taken a cat by myself before ... should be good times . haha 
I'm not sure who is more exhausted from the vet visit , me or Pippin . Screw you Google maps for pointing me in the wrong direction with a whining cat in the backseat ! Arrgh ! 
Today will be a great day : 2 hour shift , get paid , shopping with Mom , and painting train logs with Dad . :D 
What's great about having two computers ? Burning two CDs at once . ;p 
Excited for a new purse and wallet . ;p 
Got my haircut today !! It feels great :) 
Drinking wine & baking a cake :) 
If youhave a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world ... who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you ... who works hard and would do anything for you ... that makes you laugh ... who is your best friend ... who you want to grow old with ... and who you are thankful for everyday ... repost this . 
Where have you gone motivation ? 
Sometimes I feel like Pippin is a baby . But instead of trying to eat and rock a cradle at the same time , I'm trying to eat while waving a feather wand . LOL 
Finally finishing up my t-shirt quilt ! I blame my Dad for all my unfinished projects- I think it's genetic ! LOL 
Watched the Prestige last night , it was so good ! I must say it was strange seeing < PROPFIRST > Bowie in an 1899 bohemian mustache . 
Just watched The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog , so adorable . Disney movies make me happy :) 
Woke up with a bit of a sinus infection . Bzzzzz .... Luckily I only work two hours today ! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !! < PROPFIRST > took me to the Claim Jumper restaurant last night in Clackamas and ate some fantastic food !! Today I going to my Momma's house to finish the birthday festivities ! YAY ! :) 
< PROPFIRST > took me to the mall today to buy me a new watch for my b-day . Yay !!! :D 
So Clash of the Titans .... not as epic as I thought it would be . :/ 
Ifyour Dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to still have your Dad with you or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this onto your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly ! 
So < PROPFIRST > and I were planning on doing something for Halloween but we were just not in the mood . I was so tired and my costume didn't get finished . We do plan on doing a photo shoot in our costumes once I finish mine ! Yay ! 
I made < PROPFIRST > watch the < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show with me ..... I think I scarred him for life . lol 
So somehow < PROPFIRST > and I landed a design job designing labels for a new cosmetic line , that will supposedly be sold at Nordstroms . The gal that hired is really nice and bought us dinner last night and paying us as we go ! WTF ? People actually paying us ? Who would have thought . The project needs to be done asap , like in a week , so probably won't see or hear from us in awhile . Terrified and stoked at the same time !! 
< PROPMALE > Potter 7 Part 1 was AWESOME ! As I knew it would be ! Bummed I have to wait six months for Part 2 though . 
Had a great Thanksgiving with my big family !! :) 
< PROPFIRST > and I bought a new mattress today !! It is our Christmas gift to each other and the solution to my back problem . YAY !! 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of wonderful childhood memories . This is in protest of violence against children ! 
I bought a catnip toy for Pippin the other day and he didn't respond to it . So I bought a BIG bag of different catnip and put some in his toy . What does he do ? He sniffs it and then tried to bury it like a turd . wtf ? 
Applied for a design job just now . I need something , I feel like my talents are going to waste . Wish me luck ! :) 
Going to go make blown glass ornaments , kick it with the fam , and then watch the marionette show at The Space !! :) 
The Christmas < PROPFIRST > Marionette Show was so AMAZING . Thank you everyone at The Space for the experience ! :) 
Happy Holidays Everyone !!! 
Found out yesterday that my sister , < PROPFEMALE > , is pregnant !!! YAY !! I'm going to be an auntie ! :D 
It's snowing ! 
I think my news years resolution is to find my groove , for i have lost it ! 
Pippin did not appreciate < PROPFIRST>'s Aunt's little doggie running into the room . Growls all around . lol 
Enjoying our new matching IKEA desks ! :D 
Today is going to suck , my wrist is killing me ! bzzz :( 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on Food stamps , Medicaid , or Cash Assistance on your Children or yourself You have to pass a DRUG Test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post . People that work has to take a drug test so should they . Amen .... repost if you agree !!!!! :) 
Whatever you give to a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile and she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges whatever she is given . So if you give her crap ....... be ready to receive a ton of shit !! Real women keep this going 
Watched the Legend of the Guardians last night . It was really good and the owls were adorable :) 
The sun feels great today ! Pippin feels the same way :D 
Found an add-on to Pippin's little house at Goodwill . Even though it was missing parts , it still worked . < PROPFEMALE > City is awesome ! ;p 
My sister < PROPFEMALE > was involved in a car accident last night . The other party ran a red light and hit her as she was entering the intersection . Her car is totaled ! Luckily her and the baby are fine ! Sure brings back memories of the last time it happened 10 years ago . 
Whipped dream vodka kicks ass ! Put it in root beer and you've got yourself a root beer float . YUM :) 
COME ON ! So I got my w-2 today and it turns out my employer hasn't been withholding money from my checks , even though I filled out a w-4 when i got the job !!! I have to talk to her tomorrow .... GRRRR 
Blah .... I hate Monday mornings ....... 
If I was still a teenager I would be so Steampunk right now . ;p 
Nobody puts < PROPFEMALE > in the corner ... 
Trying to have some courage 
Let's start celebrating < PROPFIRST>'s Day a little early shall we ? For the weekend , change your profile picture to you and your spouse/ significant other . Re-post this as your status and make sure to tell how long you've been together !? ? 2006 ? ? 
Have an appointment with a new clinic .... I hope my new doctor isn't a weirdo . 
Young the Giant was AWESOME last night !! I'm so tired .... :) 
Just watched the movie Frozen . Like I needed to have another reason to fear wolves . 
The game of musical cars continues ... 
Today is going to be awesome . < PROPFIRST > and I are moving some furniture and going through some crap . Yay ! :) 
Does anybody know of any companies hiring in Vancouver ? Preferably Graphic/Web Design . I am ready for change ! 
WOW . Just heard about the tsunami in Japan ... SO SAD :/ 
Tired of working every Saturday ! I just want to stay home with < PROPFIRST > and Pippin :/ 
< PROPFIRST > got a new computer , so I got mine back and we got a 23 inch monitor ! GOOD TIMES ! Now I can play Sims 2 ;p 
If your Dad is/was a hard working man , is and always will be your hero , helped\ 
you no matter how bad you were or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one DADDY !!!! 
I did some research , because Pippin won't use his scratching devices and won't respond to catnip , and discovered that cats are also attracted to honeysuckle . I found a whole bunch of honeysuckle toys and even a spray . I ordered the spray , so I hope he will love it and scratch where I want him to . :) 
Forgot that it's St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day .... good thing I was going to wear green today anyway . ;p 
I'll have a Coke . 
My sister is having a boy !! No name yet , but many ideas . I hope it's a redhead ;p 
Why are all the jobs I am perfect for in the Beaverton/Tualitin area . bzzzzz :/ 
