Anyone going to the skating party on sunday 

bored out of my mind and cold from playing football in the snow man my hands r cold =( 
Multimedia message 
had fun at six flags yesterday with my friends cant wait for next Saturday 
Great time at Malibu we should do it again . i was killing on the go karts . can't wait for the formal 
Had too much fun tonight . the food was great the music was tight and the dancing was beast but we needed the air on cuz it was to hot lol 
dnag ... got a piece of glass stuck in my foot ... man this hurts 
my party was on point ppl came and had fun . went 12-0 on spades too good 
Its a monday and im on the bus hot an tired and its raining out ... smh * goes to sleep * 
had one of da best weekends . went to a party yesterday came ova my friends house and had some chicken and ribs with greenbeans too good . * sigh * dont feel like goin to school smh ..... but at least im goin to da moives next week 
Good weekend went to da movies played football and now chillin cant wait till school is over 
Congration panic today cant wait 
Had a awesome time at da picnic food was too good and volleyball was funny/fun . And now to head my stank butt to da shower haha . 
This is day one ..... 2 more days 
Omg both my cpus are broken ... Now in using my phone for internet lol < PROPFEMALE > gay 
One more day !!! 
Senior all day im da < PROPMALE > of my school lol no more kool 
Man ... I need a hair cut or at least a lining haha 
Just got back from fieldservice glad it didnt rain 
Omg im ready to graduate imTired of school . 
What would you say to describe me 
Well im gone on wednesday to chicago . About time i had a vacation . 
Well im on the plane . Hopefully nothing goes wrong . 
Well im at the convention in chicago and dont know anyone lol o well time to listen . 
Dang its thudering so hard at the convention i went out side and was getting pushed back by 80 mph wind . There trying toget he power back on atm 
Said hey 
Just got done bowlin . Me and my cuzzin won . About to get some asian food 
Out in field service and its hot 
Sigh ... Tired 4 no reason 
I hate it when i go to shoe stores and no store has my size but 1 . They should keep a size 13 in every store smh 
Welcome to atl 
i need a job .... smh 
is doin nothing waiting 4 da convention 
Ppl at central when do we get our schedule 
Skating party was tight got hot as crap like always smh they didnt have my size cuz ppl took dem all lol dats what i get 4 comin on dat cp time sigh 
Summer break was fun for the past 17 years of my life . Now lookin in the future next year i wont be in school anymore . Man time flys . 
Omg ..... school at least im a sr 
Sigh 
School ... 
Needs to update his profile picture 
Weekend went fast again dang ... I need to plan something next weekend 
Chillin at a skating party 
Friday finally 
Got da fresh cut feel me 
About to work out in a hour or 2 lets get it 
Dang still in school 
Just got out da water from working out , time to get something to eat watch tv and hit da bed 
Dang where is may ready 4 school to be over 
Is tired 
Dang its cold 
Yes its saturday finally 
Sigh still in school smh 
i want some food real talk , but still in school .... dang 
Thank you for a whole week of break 
Im out ya night 
Well school is tomr glad dat we only have 2 weeks left till another break haha them the count down of school begins 5 more months 
Crazy weather this morning . 45 smh 
At bk chillin 
3 more periods to go ... Man i cant wait to get out of here 4ever 
Dang its cold !! 
At da dmv 
Lights out 
Its 30 and highest is 33 smh its cold 
I gotta study for a big test its either i pass or fail 
Dang im legal now 
Well im off to the airport duces 
Chillin in nyc 
Well ... going back to ga 
Mann i busted my butt 3 times going to the bus stop then i find out school is delayed smh going to bed 
Well time to go home 
Bored out of my mind 
Well out in service ;-D 
Just got done working out and taking a shower and now eating some icecream lets get it 
Ok who going to see the green hornet 
Hope da saints wins hate da falcons 
Makin chicken and fries lets get it 
Just got done eating and going to work out in 30 mins 
Cant wait for school to come bc then the count down begins 
Stupid pizzahunt gave me and my whole family food poision i am never eating pizza for a long time . 
May here i come 
Its snowin like crazy 
Well just chillin ... hopefully we have to go to school tmr again lol 
Im really thinkin of sleding with a wheel chair down the hill 
Da game is on lets get it 
Had a great break but there goes our spring break lol 
At da gym lets get it 
Dang ... im tired as crap ima feel this in da morning ... ugh night ya 
Anyone going to see the green hornet friday or do something ... malbu ? Lets do something 
Got done takin a shower from da gym about to chill 
Dang ... this workin out is killin me 
How to i keep missin da bus dang ..... well time to find a ride 
Well off to 4 period smh 
Night peeps 
My phone got erased dang ... lost all my contacts 
Out in service 
This weather perfect too bad tmr is going to be raining and cold til tuesday 
If this weather was always like this ..... only a boy can dream 
Another boring week to start sigh 
Why is it that when someone sees you eating a big texas they call you fat ? 
7:23 are you kidding me . 1 period here i come 
Tired .... 
Finally got da fresh cut 
Mann ga is a bipolor state 
so wut ya doin dis weekend 
whats ya doin for spring break 
is there a sk8ting party today ? 
