is it football season yet ? 

R . I . P < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio 
I'm off to the bar , exciting . 
Life isn't worth living anymore ............. 24 is over forever :( 
nice missed dunk gasol 
so a bunch of mexicans at montebello high school in ca at least half probably illegals took down the AMERICAN FLAG turned it upside down then raised it back up with the mexican flag on top of it . Its time to be like Arizonia and get these illegals the hell out of here . Fuck them all !!! 
L.A. voted to boycott Arizona even after hearing about ILLEGALS killing Legal citizens . What kind of bull crap is that . Arizona better not overturn this law . 
I predict the Lakers will win game 1 . 
Lakers are most likley probably going to win tonight , maybe . 
that < PROPMALE > fisher guy is pretty good . Lakers should keep him around . 
that kobe guy is pretty good he'll probably end up in the HOF 
Time to go shoot some heroin and pass the hell out :) 
I bet a trillion dollars U.S. wins . 
hope < PROPFEMALE > kicks the crap out of mexico 
Germany all the way !!!!! 
Lesner is going to kick some ass tonight 
who said lesner was going to win ..... I did :) 
two 311 steel reserve 40s and a tecate tall boy . I'm gonna be feeling pretty good . 
my street is blocked off and there's a street party type thing going on . It's pretty cool . 
so it's < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday . how about all you anti < PROPFEMALE > and terrorist fuckers raise a glass to our sucess because wihout us you'd have nothing to bitch about , you pieces of shit . 
Lebron should go to the Clippers . 
Being sunburnt sucks . Make it go away :( 
Hope Spain gets killed . GO WHITE GUYS !!!!!!!!! 
it's my bday and steinbrenner is dead , good day , because I REALLY REALLY REALLY hate the yankees . 
this fire is right here . Never been this close to a wild fire before . 
I hate summer . It's all < PROPFEMALE > and hot . Needs to be overcast and cold . 
just had my fantasy draft . RBs not so good WRs and QBs pretty good , even if I got that < PROPMALE > fag . I hate that guy . 
I love how there's all these people screaming how < PROPFIRST > lohan should be released even though she's the dumbass violating probations and getting a dui . she's a stupid moron and if it were anyone else no one would care and would do the full 90 . she's about as special as < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and that < PROPFEMALE > chick with all those asian kids which is , not at all . 
being < PROPMALE > over kind of sucks . 
twilight is the worst movie ever made , EVER !!!!!! 
watching zombieland on starz . it's pretty intense . alot better then twilight . 
it's moving day !!!! I hate packing though . 
finally done moving , now I can sleep for about 12 straight hours 
can I not go to work tomorrow but still get paid like I did 
favre is going to come back for 1 more year . 
off to the hospital , hopefully I'm not dying that would kind of suck 
I think I have a hernia :( 
hope the whole cowgals team gets hurt . that would be really cool 
why does it have to be the cowgals that come here ? hope their plane crashes when they leave . 
dude with peterson should have never traded him to me and the dude with favre should have never released him because now i'm going to dominate my league :) 
I'll say what I want , when I want and if you got a problem with it then fuck off . Just because you decide not too speak out doesn't make you any better then those that choose to :) 
by using words like ignorant , stubborn , and immature your trying to make yourself sound better . if you dont choose to talk about this kind of stuff that's your choice but don't try to put me down because I choose to 
says : Welcome to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > ! Now speak English ! 
drinking beer , watching football , this IS the best time of the year 
so my roommate had friends over last night and they were up till 330 and I caught them taking my beer so I took the rest up to my room , and now I'm drinking the rest of there's . the moral of the story , sometimes having asshole roommates gets you a bunch of free beer , and I like that . 
isn't fucking pissing fucking people off fucking fun :) 
fuck obama fuck obama fuck obama fuck obama fuck obama fuck obama fuck obama fuck obama fuck obama fuck obama fuck obama fuck obama fuck the cowboys 
beer #6 already and still have 10 more to go , plus football , awesome day 
if i could get paid for pissing people off i'd be < PROPMALE > , oprah style 
IT'S FINALLY FOOTBALL SEASON !!!! LIONS AND BROWNS ARE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL !!!!!!! 
Can't believe it's already been 9 years . still remember what I was doing that night , because it was about 9 pm over in japan . 2 1/2 weeks later we were on our way to the gulf to fuck shit up . 
raiders still suck 
what happened to SF , thought they were suppose to be all good 
haha < PROPFIRST > sucks 
damn flu shot making me feel like shit , at least i'm off tomorrow 
new season of survivor's finally here , let the masses rejoice 
todays the first day I ever left early for being sick , I think I have sars or some crazy shit 
haha cowgals lost ' cause they suck 0 and 16 this year 
LET'S GO JETS PUT THAT < PROPMALE > GUY ON IR 
haha raiders suck . 
why can't it be 35 degrees and overcast instead of 115 and all < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Go Dolphins !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hope the yankees all get aids . 
rangers better not blow another 3-0 lead . 
haha yankees lost ' cause they suck and will never win another game again , if only . 
raiders suck haha 
I love watching the yankees get their asses kicked . 
HOME RUN RANGERS !!!!! FUCK THE YANKEES !!!!!!!! 
series should be over , but i guess they'll just have to clinch tomorrow 
yeah yankees suck 
broncos are getting raped . by the raiders ? 
haha look at those cowgals getting their asses kicked , isn't it pretty . 
that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > guy's a pretty good coach , he's done alright 
go rangers , boo giants 
lets go vikings , beat those evil cheating pats 
time for blitzburg to fuck shit up 
at least it wasn't the yankees that won , giants still suck though 
damn computer nerds and their viruses and worms cost me 90 bucks and 4 plus hours on the phone with some dude who sounded like he was from < PROPFEMALE > . bad hackers , bad 
lets go browns put that < PROPMALE > guy on ir 
cowboys are getting destroyed , it's beautiful . and the patriots lost , awesome . too bad the dolphins lost , at least the steelers will win tomorrow night 
steelers are going to kick some ass 
wish applebees was still here so i could get some free food for veterens day :( 
patriots don't stand a < PROPMALE > against the soon to be 7 time super bowl champions 
I think the raiders are going to get their asses kicked :) 
booooooooooo patriots and that crying baby < PROPMALE > 
lions are going to pull off the upset 
it's beer time , yeaaaaaaaa 
time to curl up in my bed , listen to tayler swift and get in touch with my feelings ............................................................................................................................... nah fuck that it's time to watch football and drink lots of beer 
time to watch a true american classic , american history x , and drink more beer . 
could there be a worse mnf game 
MY ADHD MAKES ME MORE SPECIALER THEN YOU , DEAL WITH IT 
