This last year has been long and hard , so lets all together dive straight into the sea of the next year and keep serching for the light at the end of the tunnel . 

IS BLASTING MUSIC AND PLAYING WITH MY DAYS EARNINGS LOL 
i wish the world wouldnt be so hard , but if it wasnt how would it we worth anything ?? 
living life day by day 
had a blast volenteering today looking foward to going again !!! 
hopeing to have a great day !! 
is wondering something ..... 
getting ready for a busy and funn ass week !!! =) 
Is craveing cookies and is mojoraly confused 
Who is rayla ?? 
I love oreos ! they make me feel all warm and fuzzy lol 
Im his number 1 !!!!! 
Haveing a sumber party with the two most awsomeness ppl ! 
today is such a lazy day ... 
I WANT SMORES !! 
Wishes that she could have a real friend . 
Is trap like a rat . i hate a lab rats life . 
School is was lots of funn today =) 
When to a party and that was terrible , might have a boyfriend but doesn't really know , god like is so fucking complcated !!!! 
1 . ) why do ppl have to have these girl and guy codes ?? and 2 . ) why is it that when your nice to ppl that the atomaticaly think your friends ?? 
uggggh i hate being sick . i want orenge jucie ! 
Needs orenge jucie ... still really sick .... 
atchelly can breath through her own nose !! yay ! 
Feeling better finaly got my OJ . =) 
My Mr wonderful came to visted me when i was sick with more oj and noodles !! =) i love him <3 
You are on everyones mind < PROPFEMALE > get better soon . we all <3 you . 
Going to school this morning , on this sad day . 
Today was good . o_0 I cant belive he did that ! My boy is so strange but , islh ! <3 < PROPFEMALE > please pull though . =) 
hahaha i drove my moms car over a curb yesterday lol . =) 
Is kinda missing him . <3 ilh <3 
< PROPFEMALE > cures the soul , hehe im going to go play video games . 
Had my senior project perposal yesterday .. and it went well this morning i trimed my bangs and it turned out terrible XD the things in our lives ... 
Yesterday was one of the best days ever ! and today was great too ! thanks sweety !! ilh !! 
my back still iches stupid apple core . lol 
i gave blood today ! Feed american vampires lol ! and save lives ! 
just ate all her reeses and is now sad they are gone ! ;D 
Has a headace again .. just relised how different i really am from others my age , and how shy i really am . 
mom brought home reeses !!! 
This will shock you 0_o im going to a chruch today . kind sad today . 
why does it seem that i always have friends that are boys ? and that my two best friend that i hold right now are my boyfriend and anouther boy ? is it that i just dont appeal to other girls as a friend ? i dont understand why i dont .. do i smell or something ? 
Good morning internet world , today is going to be a busy day . =) hopes tommorrow is < PROPFEMALE > . 
This was a good weekend a pow wow on saturday and senior photos on sunday not bad i have to say ... =) 
Is amazed how rude and innerent people my own age can be . * rolls eyes * 
is sitting here eating chocolate and penut butter to make herself better <3 
WHY DOES EVERYTHING SUCK IN MY STUPID ASS LIFE ??! 
GAHHHH !!!! > = 0 
IS SO FUCKING PISSED ! is sick and tired of freakin hypocrits !! 
I is tired and stiff .. long week busy week is sneacking up on me ... 
Going to the play tonight ! its hopefully going to be fun !! 
MMMMMMMM ... chocolate frosting ! 
I think i just fucked everything up . Going to go to < PROPFEMALE > with some friends later ... maybe it will take my mind off of my idiotcie . 
Had a fun time with friends tonight , but now that im alone im thinking of things i need to stop thinking about . But is strangely content . 
Is so fucking tired of being screwed over !!!!! 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Moody . 6 : Cocky . 7 : No Words Can Explain . 8 : poop 9 : Random . 10 : Hot . 11 : Funny . 12 : Fit . 13 : Amazing . 14 : Tough . 15 : Cute . 16 : Bf/Gf Type . 17 : Player . 18 : The Best . 19 : Freak . 20 : Quiet . 21 : Adorable . 22 : Boring . 23 :D own to earth . 
HAPPY HOLIDAYS FACEBOOK LAND !!! 
Hmmm * looks around * does it seem like a reacurring pattern to you ? 
Feels kinda fat sitting here stuffing her face with < PROPFEMALE > but it tastes SO good ! Has had a rough and stressfull week ... hopes it gets better soon ... 
Thinking about dieing her hair again .... kinda itching for a change .... 
Is so crazy happy ! My senior project started today !! It went great ! There is like seven or eight girls , and its only the first class !! WOOT ! 
HATES writing assiments , it always makes me all flustered and criey . Thinking Way too much . 
Misses and wants her old best friend back . bad . 
BUSY , busy , busy . so manythings to do so little time ! got to get my buttox in gear !!!! 
* cough cough * anyone else feel left out in the dust ? 
im randomly really hyper ! 
I really hope it stays < PROPFEMALE > this week ! 
cant wait till its going to be warm .... 
Does not have any idea why she cant get out of bed in the mourning like a normal human being .... >;/ 
tifghishfg ; igoyrgsdghudghugyhskcjhv . skvhushvguvdfugvyfvdhfgvugiugasdugadugsjyvgsjdhvgfsuvrugvdjhfgvjsfgvrgvsidgfsjfchvgd . fkug Thats whats on my mind . Get it ? 
starting to get really home sick ..... : ( 
Went to the godmothers to get a promdress on saturday +) it was insaine ! 
I hope this will be a good spring break ! and now if only if i can get my plans straight ..... 
gosh i cant wait till i get out of the loop of these anoyying selfsenterd pains in my butt , and the most anoyying thing is that i even care about them .... grrrrrs . 
man i just got a good book yesterday , but now i cant read it till i get my glasses .... dam . 
LOL my dog was just eatting cotton balls ! 
misses the mind i had , the wourld i lived in , and the people i use to see everyday , but now the are a mist that i can see but not seem to grasp . this ! # ! @$@# sucks ! 
Man i wish the weather cleans up in a hurrie ! * mr. sunshine where did you go ? * 
: ) had a pretty good day cant wait till its tomorrow , got a new phone today i just wish it would hurry up and charge ! i think i will now go and get things ready for tommorrow and get some sleep ! 
My phones working !!!! 
Why ??? 
Sleepy time she comes . 
Good morning everyone !! 
Why is it that I always seem to be late to everything ? 
I'm going to be at rainbow dragon at threeish . Come meet me ! 
Had agreat day with everyone ! 
< PROPFIRST > is being mean to me 
Thanks to everyone that made my birthday the best birthday ever !! 
Hates how the scool is a dead zone ! 
So glad to be home so tired for some reason ... 
So don't want to go to school to take that stupid test 
Omg I can't find anything good . To go with my prom dress . Uh and my grandmas being a butt about it ... 
Late , again but I think its justice . 
Night settles on the earth like the snow blankets the surface . 
Got juice , and is trying to convince myself to feel better so I can get somethng done , anything done . Gosh * smacks self beside the head and yells wake up dum ass ! * 
I got in fight with a blackberrie bush today ... it won . 
Man , I FAIL . At chemistry , I can't even make a dimond molecule right ! 
God my phones starting to be a beach , I'm grouchy cause I'm hungry . 
Haven . A great night with mr wonderful . \) " 
Had an amazing day , and now thunder storms ! So freakin great ! 
Hope everyone at DDHS prom had a wicked awsome time ! 
Wow its such a pretty day today ! \) " 
Why must I be a girl ... I hate this emotional bull shitt . 
Had a great day yesterday , let's see if today will be just as good ! 
Ever have a time when you really need a good cry , but you just can't bring yourself to do it ? 
Gosh I'm so relaxed , thank you mr wonderful . ;) 
Today was almost perfect ! I love mr wonderful so much ! 
I just relised that about nine days after he leaves we will be dateing for six mounths ... I don't remeber it being that long ago .. 
People that are terrible at math unite ! 
I wish I wasn't so tired ... 
Sewed my shall , made my hair peaces , now all I gotta do is press my dress tomorrow . : ) 
Is it just me or is everyone going insaine today ?? 
On our way to prom !! Getting ready for an awsome night !! 
Prom was amazing ! Best night in my life so far ! Hope everyone esle had as much fun as I did ! 
I chipped a tooth a few days ago , now it kinda makes me feel like a vampire ... or a hill < PROPFIRST > ... 
What is it this time ? I'm freakin out already ... what else do I have to do ?? 
< PROPFIRST > is one ' cool cat ' my fellow friends . 
Ever love someone so much you thought your heart might beat out your cheast even after you get home from seeing them ? 
I'm so freackin overwhemed I'm shakeing , wtf am I going to do ? 
Finaly hear in the hotel at seaside , going to be a great weekend . \) " 
Is both happy and sad to be home . Love you mr. Wonderful . 
Why am I so depressed this stage isn't suppose to happen till later ... 
At a get together with < PROPFIRST > , still feeing crudy but at least I'm with him . 
Thinking way too much for my own good ... I need a friend 
In the waiting room for my boy to leave for airforce , waiting for apending doom . 
So scrude that it not even funny anymore .... 
Orenge jucie is my acohal , it makes me feel better . 
Misses her boy , wants to know how he is but can't , can't wait for that first letter . 
Long day , not feeling very good nothing spacific just slow , got something big started today so ... yayness . Still missing him . Loves- 
Got my ten < PROPFEMALE > paper done ! Woo ! Now just for the presentation . And I just did like 8 or nine lunges and now my legs are on fire ! Holy shit am I out of shape ! 
Presentaion went well , got my credit ! But didn't sleep well at all ... stupid dreams . 
Hello < PROPFEMALE > was amazing tonight ! Today was a really hard one but it ended really good . \) " 
How is it that whenever I get in the car for a while , it makes me hungry ? 
Ever have thoughs mornings when you want chocolate right off the bat ? 
Needs a girl night , can't keep wallowing around . 
So many reponsabilaties , so little time . 
What do you do when your head is about to explode ? 
Is thinking about renting legaly blonde and eatting junkfood . I wish I could ... 
Finals , pissed family , granfather visting , huge thing this weekend , and then graduation , with < PROPFIRST > comein . 0 . o . insaine ! 
Papa truck is coming tonight ! \) " 
The fashion show went great ! It was fun and the girls seemed to . Have a lot of funn , and that was the main obstical . Woot ! Funn days tomorrow ! Can't wait for all the exitmet tomorrow ! 
Funn days was cool , but I got sunburt weird . \( lol " 
Watching the starlight parade to watch friends I'm so jelous ! I wanna to go ! 
In our schools Model < PROPFEMALE > . It makes me feel so stupid , and bord . \( " 
Why does everyone seem to get o into this ? 
Finaly high school ends tomorrow , well almost ... done forever . 
Gone from high school forever , ecept for gaduation on Friday . Good luck to my ddhs gaduates tonight ! 
Whats up with me and orenge colored food ? I don't even like the color orenge . I just ate < PROPMALE > and cheese , and orenge juice for dinner . 
Graduation , grand , scary , and amazing . Do I have too ? Lol 
Home and rested after the all night party , going to another party , then dinner . 
I just had a funny feelin come over me , I don't have to go to school tomorrow ... \) I can sleep in . " 
Hates the fact that emotional and mental bullcrap always seemes to happen when my mounthly gift arrives . 
Not lookin foward to the next week , but this weekend looks promiseing . \) " 
I miss my guy sooo much right now ... 
When is the summer weather going come ? 
Woot ! Warm weather ! And I'm so groggy , cause I stayed up almost all night ... 
Uugggghhhhh . I feel shitty ! 
First a sun burn , then bugg bites , now a rash ? Gee thanks . 
I'm freaken pissed at our stupid ass dogs !!!!!!! 
So great I have mom and my grandma pissed at me , again ... the estergen in this house is going to kill me one day ... 
Ok , question . Is when a movie says that its out on june thirtyth and u have a ticket at midnight do u go tues or weds night ? 
Anyone want to see eclipce with me Tuesday night in battleground ? I need someone to go with me ! 
Ok anyone want my ticket for midnight showing of eclipce at battleground ? [ 9 more days ] 
What is wrong with me ? I can't stop being lazy !!!!! 
Teehee I'm in a giddy mood watching one of me favorite tv shows avitar the last airbendr , and eating coco crispises :) 
Around and around in my head I go , when I stop ? Nobody knows ! No seriously I'm getting dizzy . \( " 
The last airbender is a obomanation !!! Worst thing ever ! I wanted to throw pocorn and my water at the screen it was so bad !!! 
Ughh tummy hurts and I'm groggy ... stupid alerys . 
Happy 4th of july ! [ 3 more days ] 
Cleaning , cleaning , cleaning , kinda makes me feel like cinderella ... singing and scrubbing the floor . 
Now on the first plane of the day , \) wish me luck ! " 
Now in salt lake city , next stop texas ! Leave me love ! 
In texas ! Going to see my guy tomorrow . 
Eating reeses peanut butter cups . <3 Wishes I could relive today over and over . Ilk . \) <3 1437 ~ " 
Today looks promiseing , the sun is shineing and I get to spend the entire day with my guy . \) ilk " 
This has been the hardest days of my entire life , I've been happy sad , mad , broken , fixed and loved . Idk what I am now , but tomorrw looks bright . 
This week is going to suck I can already tell . 
Have you ever gone , wow I live with one of the mast annoying person on the planet . 
Haven a pretty dam good day today , relaxin . \) collectin yourself u know ? " 
Idk about you , but I'm pretty sure I got the jackpot . \) " 
Happy birthday babe . I love you maddi ! Sisters forever ! 
Thank you Camoren ! Now I got < PROPFEMALE > and watching ideana jones \) " 
I just feel like , %*&# my life . 
Really wishes her boy was here , and wow my family sucks . 
Why do I not even know what makes me happy but one thing ? Am I that pathetic ? 
Thinking about taken a shower and watching cartoons the rest of the night while chowing down on some more < PROPFEMALE > , decisions , decisions ... 
Omg I just had the biggest laughing fit in a long time . <3 ilk 
Feels a little like a fatt ass for eating two super big < PROPFEMALE > bars in less then an hour . O . 0 
Really , really wants to paint , but doesn't have any . \( maybe ill go see if the market has some ... and get more < PROPFEMALE > . Lol " 
Lol oh the things we do for love , like talk on the phone for an hour without peeing . Lol 
I have a problem , I'm adicted to hersheys cookies and cream < PROPFEMALE > bars ! 
I'm pretty proud of myself today , I hope this feelin continues ... 
Hates how when you stay up late being bord , and as soon as u go to sleep everyone starts to call ... 
Had a content day , I really injoyed it . Hope have anouther tomorrow . Ilk . \) " 
NEED TO GETT OUT OF HOUSE * TWICHES * HELP < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is happy that friends are still awake to talk to when your up late . \) " 
I don't get why I am so tired in the mornings , well I guess I need to shower . 
I FORGOT HOW AWSOME AMERICAN PIE WAS !!!! 
Yesterday was a blast , want to do that more often . \) feeling weird today . " 
THAT'S IT . I'M GETTING PAINTING SUPLIES TOMORROW !!! 
I'm going to talk to the flowers about cows . Goodbye . 
Feelin pretty good at this moment , rockin out ! waiting for news , hope its good . Send me comment ? Ask anything ! \) " 
Hell yeah ! The news I was waiting for came ! And it was awsome !! 
Feeling very girly today , watching top model , and the new movie wild child . \) it has me written . All over it ! " 
Lol I randomly found a frog in my fish tank , \) smart frog . " 
Never ever use pay power card servious !! They are horrible !! 
Boredom becomes me horribly . <3 Ilk . 
Can't wait to get a new computer , ours sucks ! Its so slow . 
<3 gotta love the movie big fish , but its even better when you hear qotes from it , from someone you love . Ilk <3 
Random question . Do you think I would be a good youtube < PROPFEMALE > ? Lol cause I don't think so ... 
Feelin pretty content right now . Can't wait till tomorrow , and Hey what's everybody doind the 23rd and 24th ? 
Funny thing , half of my left hand is numb ! Lol 
Going to shower , the to look at our new home . : ) 
Haha that was F-ing perfect . Lol ILK <3 
Gotta Love Lamas . \) <3 ILK . " 
I hate it how I didn't really do anything today , yet I'm all sore and feeling crappy ... : ( ilk <3 
Had a pretty awsome day , when shopping . For stuff for the apartment , only a few more things left to get ! <3 ilk . 
Wow . I need to get up earlyer more often . : ) ilk <3 
5 more days ! I better get to it ! \) " 
Feels like a pack rat knowing that I still have flowers from last valentines day . Lol <3 
I freaking hate my alergies ! they are driveing me crazy !! 3 more days ! ilk ! <3 
Baby sitting , he's teaching me checkers strages lol its cute :3 
WOW THAT SHOE FUCKING HURT !!! >:( 
Feeling better now , still have stuff rattleing around in my head . * sigh * \( old habits die hard ... " 
Goodness I hate the act of movien its so ... dirty and tireing and we haven't really started yet ... grrr . 
Omg !! At the new house ! Its awsome just need a few more things tomorrow , and it should be good ! <3 
Loven haven the pool to my self laying in the sun , \) " 
Almost perfect evening , watching < PROPMALE > and eating lasagna . \) ilk <3 " 
Good morning ppl who don't really care . 
Anyone else has animal crossing ? And can I have your friend code ? 
Man , got up this morning , got dressed , did my hair and make up and yet don't have anywhere to go and nothing to do ... suggestions ? 
Lookin forward to today , it started great watching a movie with one of my favorite actresses . Going to take a bath now . 
Just got back from a long awaited girls night out , it was amazing , thanks K & S ! Loves ! 
Had a great time at a pow wow tonight with auntie k and off to bed for a secound day of volenteering ! Woot ! Ilk <3 
Lol I just met one of the native americans from twilight at the pow wow I'm at today . Lol it was trippy .. 
Had an awsome day so far , went and had sushi , took the dogs for a walk and about to go out to the pool . Over all good day , for now . 
Can't wait to see < PROPFIRST > tomorrow , \) and lol I was doing my nails and it made me think for < PROPFIRST >." 
Not feeling too hot , but I get to see him today , so I hope I feel better asap . 
Still have my cough , and have a wedding tonight , but I'm so glad I get to be with him these next few days . \) Ilk . <3 " 
The wedding was beautiful , exept that I fell down the stairs twice . Lol and I had a wonderful time with my boy < PROPFIRST > , I <3 you ! 
Lol I just got a song dedicated to me on the radio ! I love you sweetheart ! \) " 
Taken this week off and taken it easy to get ride of this terrible cough . Talk to me ! \) " 
Man I forgot how terrible it was to be sick ! I feel so crappy , and gross ... 
Hey I'm haven a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > rep named < PROPFEMALE > coming to my house the 17th , anyone want to join in on the funn ? 
You ever want to just sleep through a cold ? I kinda wish I could just take a bunch of cold medecine and sleep till I'm better .. 
Watching Tru Calling and missing him , I have the best guy in the world , I wish I could go back and fall in love with him over and over again 
Well today offichally sucks , slept most of the day , and still feelin like shitt . :( 
Feeling much better today , thinking about doing some stuff today ... 
Hey does anyone want to watch movies with me tonight , I'm lonley . \) " 
Really wants to do something today , but what ? 
LAST < PROPMALE > ANYONE ESLE WANNA COME FRIDAY FOR < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ? 
O.o wish me luck ppl I have to do the unspeakable today . 0 . o 
Wow that was easyer than I made it out to be . * phew * 
I'm in love with the most amazing guy , I'm so glad to be his . ;3 
I was watching a bit of sesame street and < PROPMALE > just raped a song about fruit . O.o what is this world comeing to ?? 
Haven my first peticure ! <3 thought I would treat myself :) 
Had the most amazing day ! Only two things could have made it better ! ;) 
Random question , how does princepoppicock keep his huge hair on when he bows ? 
I could eat a whole apple pie by myself right now .... ;P 
Not lookin foward to a boring day of cleaning tomorrow , but I am looking foward to tomorrow night ;) woot . 
Mmm bakeing a apple pie and watching young frenkinstien with < PROPFEMALE > , good day sir a good day ! ;) 
Ok fine , my life is defitaly not going in order , but I guess as long as I get everything done it will be fine , right ? 
I found that when you brush your teeth right after getting up , you brush retardedly . 
Feeling like utter crap , in more then one way ... 
This is the kind of night I just wanna snuggle up with my < PROPFEMALE > and fall asleep with him beside me on one side with my < PROPFEMALE > on the other ... 
What's with the most inportent events in your life you last only a day ? And the things you wear that day you never wear again ? 
What's with me and sweets ? I love them so much I can't help it ! 
Really wants a mily way bar ... 
Why is it that we get our rights from a devine being ? Why can't we have certain rights because we are human beings ? 
Why are all the good shows canceled and they keep so much trash going on and on ...? 
I want it to be holloween so I can pig out on as many chacolate bars I want . :) 
Really wants to paint ! And eat chcolate and talk to my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Oh my freaken god ! Again ? Really ?? 
Wow , what is wrong with me ? I have lots to do .. 
Anyone else feeling fat ? I know I am ... 
Ok I have my dresses narrowed down to two , but I don't know what one I want , they both are equal in pros and cons .... 
Ok , finally got a dress , one thing down , about a million to go ... 
In november , ;) 
Getting married is hard to do , but its worth being with him in the end ... 
Click the \Like\ " button if I ever made you smile . :) " 
If your killed in the elisen feilds where do you go ? 
I am a shell of the person I was , what happened to me ?? 
Starting to hate havein facebook on my phone , so tired of watching everyone else have fun without me . :/ 
Sooore ! I worked out too hard today ... ouchy . 
Ok you got twentyfour hours to ask me any question you want with compleate honesty . Go do it ! Send them to my inbox ! 
Today was a great day ! Went shopping with mom , and was in a great mood all day ! I missed days like this ! <3 
What does it truely mean to be an adult ? Cause I'm tecknily a young adult , yet I still like to like the bottom of fruit snacks and stick them on my fingers ... 
Hmmm .... what should I do ? Should I go to the homecomeing game tomorrow ? 
I wish I was an amazon . Lol :) 
I am so close to ripping our fire alarm out of the ceiling and chucking it down the stairs and stomping on it till it stops the stupid beeps 
So sick of getting dissapointed , why do I keep hoping she will change ? 
You and I wake up in jail together , in four words what would you say to me ? ;) 
Gosh I like watching these painting shows ! Makes me think of the good old days ! 
Dam I feel like a big lazy pain in butt ! :/ couch patato ! :( grrrr . 
9 more days till I see the most amazing guy ever , 15 days till I get to stay with the most amazing guy ever forever ! <3 
Omg I want to tape my eyes open , why am I < PROPFEMALE > tired all the time ! * slaps face * wake upp ! 
Lol realization : if you eat reeses sticks then a yogurt , you get nutuagrain bar tasteing belches . Lol ! 
What should I have for dinner ? Macand cheese with fishsticks ? Or a sheperd pie ? Or soup ? 
I'm sooo out of it today ! : / 
O.o haven craveings .... must eat melty cheese ... 
Omg the magic school bus is on ! Its such a fashback ! :D 
Anyone wanna watch movies tonight ? 
Omg that was great ! We went trick or treating and this witch poped out of a < PROPFIRST > and flew around it and jumpes back in and drove away ... 
O.o four more days . And ten days . 
Two more days . Can't wait ! Can it be Saturday already ? 
One more day . ;D * sigh * Another night of asomia .... anyone wanna text me ? 
Omgomgomg ! I can't wait till tomorrow ! <3 I get to see the most amazing awsome guy in the world ! ( Ps . I know I'm being a girl ) 
I'm soooo glad my guys home again . I missed him . ;) 
Its soooo nice haven my < PROPFEMALE > back . I can't belive its only two more days ! O.o 
Omg ! O.o its tomorrow ! 
Today is the day ? Huh . Well I feel weird .... 
Why are vows soooo hard to write !? GAAAHHH ! 
Finaly I got my new phone . I got to get use to its new qurks it has ... 
I get tired but can't sleep without him here . ;) can't wait I see him again . B ) 
Why is iit you get tired and sore when you do nothing ? 
My goodness I miss my husband , can't wait till monday . :) 
Watching smallville by myself is freaking me out a little ... scary ... 
I haven't been up this early in a long time , ;) watching the sunrise . 
Anyone else sick and tired of being sick and tired ? 
\Ok slowly take a deep breath ... better ? \ " \ " No ! \"" 
Im feeling bad ass comeing home at four in the morning because I was \out\ " all night . ;) " 
I just randomly started singing when a man loves a woman ... weird ... 
I dare you . Send me < PROPFIRST > . :3 
#1 : we met in first grade , and have been friends since then , and hopefully for the rest of our lives . 
#636 : I met you during a big transition and trip of my life , and enjoyed many confersations , experinces , and laughs . Even though we haven't talked in a long time I hope you still see me as a friend . 
< PROPFIRST > please ! :) 
#867 : I met you in chior , and you were just the most beautiful , cutest sweetheart . <3 and I miss your company . :) 
More < PROPFIRST > ! Help the bordom ! :) 
#4 : your the most amazing guy I have ever met , even though you were kinda shy . I love your attitude , how you act like a cat and your hands ! You rule ! ;3 
#23 : we are now technically sisters now ! And I look foward to getting to know u better , cause we haven't really had a long conversation yet , but we have long lives together to do all of that ! :) 
#9 : you are a beautiful , awsome person ! :) I wish I could make confersation with you more . :) 
Anymore < PROPFIRST > ? 
I forgot how amazing the invetion of audio books were ! And I think my phones possest , it keeps playing bits of random music that has been deleted ... 
Huh ? 
Why is liveing and keeping things clean < PROPFEMALE > hard ! :/ 
Why do I have headaces all the time ? :/ 
Lol I just puked up pink stuff . Time to talk to my hubby and sleep now .... 
I both love and hates days like this , where you just sit at home and don't even get out of your pjs all day . ;) 
Lol wow is poring out there ! I was out there for maybe 7 minutes and came back with the dogs soaked and I had to change pants ! 
Im feeling sooo ugh ! Today ! Make it stop ! 0 . p 
Lol ! I just had a pirate lady come up to my house . :) lol 
In a surprisingly lighted mood after luch with antie k . ;) 
Why are guys sooo clueless ? Ugh ! 
Lol someone who smokes knowing its bad for you is like haven sex with some you know has a std . That thought amused me for a few minutes . 
Had a interestingly intence few days but im slightly starting to feel better ... what should I do ... 
Im sooo tired of haven headaces ... and missing my hubby ... 
What's everyone doing this tuesday ? Anyone that wants to see me before I move to nerbraska should come to big als bowling alley in vancouver . ;) bring some money for games/food plz . ;) 
Make that monday not tuesday . ;/ 
If anyone wants to see me before I move to nerbraska next week come tomorrow to big als in vancouver , around three . ;) 
ANYONE THAT WANTS TO SEE ME BEFORE I MOVE TO NERBRASKA SHOW UP AT BIG ALS IN VANCOUVER TODAY AT THREE !! IF YOU LOVE ME YOU WILL BE THERE !! 
Be at big als or be square ! You ! Come now ! 
I had a pretty amazing day today . ;) just saying . 
I have my < PROPFEMALE > back ! <3 god I missed him . 
Omg tomorrow im leaven the northwest . O.o 
Been in Nebraska for two days now . My < PROPFEMALE > left for work and I miss him already . What to do today ... :/ unpack ? 
Had one of the best days since moving to Nebraska went shopping with my hubby <3 and spent lots of money which i didn't really like but was necessary ... had a pedicure , a bubble bath and i am feeling relaxed and more serene then i have n a long time ... thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 1437 ! 
Last night was awesome ! had a date night with my sweetheart , found a Chinese restaurant better then rainbow dragon , and when to see tangled and was like the only people in both the restaurant and the theater . :D 
im going to pass out now ... 
Im in the hospital . Yay !.................................... 
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU NEED A FRUITY BEVERAGE , I'M GONNA TIE YOU TO THE RADIATOR AND GRAPE YOU IN THE MOUTH !! I'M THE GRAPIST !!! LOL 
IS GETTING SO CONFUSED AND FUSTERGATED ON WOW !!! 
In the movies a young girl go on an epic journey and wins against all odds , both mental and physical . The physical representing the mental state in witch troubling her , so by slaying the dragon you conquered your mental block , But in real life you just break . 
One of the weirdest things to feel iis brushing your teeth while haveing the hi-cups . 
I can't leave the counter without answering the question \have you felt depressed/hopeless or lost plesure in things that interest you . \ " But if you are really feeling that way would you really say yes ??? " 
BLIZZERED !! O . 0 
Does anyone else starting to feel like they are living in the movie idiocracy ? 
Orenge juice , a salad and jalapeno chips . what more could you ask for ?? 
Pringles taste funny after brushing your teeth . 
If you love me , comment on this status . \ 
If you think I'm a good friend , like this status . \ 
If you have ever had a crush on me , poke me . \ 
If you hate me , message me and tell me why . \ 
If your not scared , post this as your status 
Animal Crossing : City Folk if you play or have the game ADD ME ! i need friends ! \ 
my code is 2665-7018-6512 send me your code !!! 0 . o 
TRYING TO WRITE . IDK IF I CAN DO IT ... OR CAN I ? 
Have i mentioned lately that i married the most wonderful man in the world ? Cause i did . and i need to say it more . <3 
Who knows me best ? I bet NOBODY can answer all the questions correctly . First Name____Middle Name___Last Name___Age___Birthday___Eye Color____Hair Color____Favorite Color___Bestfriend_____Favorite Sport To Play____ ? Put this as your status and see who gets is right . 
What a eventful evening , first went to get my phone again ..., then got some paint , then to a hobbie shop to see how much of a geek my husband is , then to Chinese food , and watched and awesome movie \ I am number four\ " and finally on the way home we got pulled over by a cop . lol Happy Anniversary < PROPFEMALE >." 
feeling very oriental right now ... eating rice with chopsticks on the floor cross legged on a pillow . 
i just dont get it why are people ok with younger and younger kids getting famous and it ok for them to have facebooks and cellphones and stuff , i swear my kids are going to hate me but they cant have these things till they are like fifthteen ! 
I HATE IT WHEN THERE IS 20 PEOPLE ONLINE BUT THERE IS STILL NO ONE TO TALK TO . I HATE BEING FRIENDLESS . > : 0 
Theres nothing like a bowl of homemade chicken noodle on a cold and depressing day . 
I had a great day , went shopping had our picture drawn , had Koren food for dinner and im topping off the night with a chick flick , sweets , a magazine and lavender incense . <3 <3 love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Banana !!!! 
facebook is great because you can keep in touch with people that you would normal stay in touch with but that not always a good thing ... 
had a wonderful day shopping today . my husbands amazing ! <3 
had a great night with < PROPMALE > ! :) 
haveing a < PROPMALE > potter marathon with my hubby ! <3 yay ! 
Like my status and I'll confess THREE things I never told you . Copy and paste to your own status and see if you have the guts to be COMPLETELY honest for a day . :P 
girls : do ever feel like your pulling out your all your hair whenever you brush it ? 
today was very productive ! 
do you ever play with the shave cream in the shower ? it one of those child like fun ! 
i like the politics of ........................................................................................................................................................................................... dancing . :) 
GGGAAHH !!! KYLES TURNING ME IN TO A BIGGER GEEK ! 
creepy ... the wind is closeing all the doors in my room ... XD 
it snowed ! o . 0 and its the end of march . well that sucks . hope it goes away soon . and asomina sucks . 
kinda groggy , so tired of this feeling ... :/ excited for the ball tomorrow night ! i hope the snow clears by then ... 
At the ball , wish me luck everyone ! 
Had fun at the ball last night ! Had amazing food ! being around people again gives me hope . <3 
what should i do with my spoon that is too big ? 
i think facebook is a secret mind fucker . it messes with your head . 
i think snow is the midwests rain . 
does anyone else feel like life is spiting in your face ? cause thats how i feel .. :( 
had a good day today , and am not looking forward to tomorrow ... 
going to try and go to sleep now , wish me luck tomorrow . ill need it ! 
thank you so much to everyone who sent me birthday wishes ! it made me feel very loved <3 
HELL YEAH THUNDER AND LIGHTING STORM !!! AND IM HELLA HUNGRY ! 
I have tattoos , so I'm a trouble maker . I have curves , so I'm fat . I wear makeup , so I'm fake . I speak my mind , so I'm a jerk . I cry , so I'm a Drama < PROPFEMALE > . I have guy friends , so I'm a @# ! *% . I stand up for myself , so I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything nowadays without being labeled . So go ahead then , label me ! Re - Post this if YOUR PROUD OF WHO YOU ARE ! 
haveing a bad week . im going to now eat < PROPFEMALE > and watch bones ... 
Type your name : Rayla\ 
Type your name with your elbow : frahylas\ 
Type your name with your nose : rayla\ 
Type your name with your eyes shut : ray ; a\ 
Put this as your status and see how talented you are ! Don't delete mistakes ! \ 
( No I didn't cheat xD ) 
Thats it . I hate my life , and myself . And I don't know what to do about it . 
My goodness I <3 my new blender . I got it just in time ! Feel better sweety ! 
