Man , I wish school didn't have to start so soon !!! 

breakfest then work around the barn . After that I'm going to < PROPFEMALE>'s!!!! 
I now gonna take lessons with a professional barrel racing trainer !!!! I have always wanted to be taught by a pro !! 
I am sick of dealing with people who act like the don't care about anything . If people would just get a grip on life and start caring about they way people feel about stuff , even simple crap . The world would be a better place ! 
Hate the bloody rain , rode the horses in the barn ! Happy for the weekend though !! 
Just go back from grandmas in < PROPMALE > a while ago . My uncle let me shoot their shotgun and an over and under , which was totally awasome ! I hit nearly every sheet ! I just love the rush you get when you pull the trigger , gotta love the smell the gun smoke and shotgun shells ! 
I saw the movie The Wolfman !!! It was amasome and so sad in the end , I hate what happens to him cause the was so sweet to his girl !! 
Yo u Tube http://2155478733/aJWBfZ 
Yo u Tube http://fatfreegraphics.com/prettyperformans/ 
Hello Monday , may today be a better day for everyone !! 
Dear Friends !!!! Please SEND ME some animals on farmville !!!!! I'm so far behind and need some animals real BAD !! 
I only had my beautiful < PROPMALE > shephers mix puppy 1 week and today we found he had sadly passed away . We think he got hit by a car and ran back to the house were he died in the driveway . I am heart broken because he was the best puppy I ever had . Rest In Peace my dearest pup , I love very much , < PROPFIRST > . 
Dont fall in love , fall off a bridge . It hurts less . And Love can feel great at times but can hurt real bad at the same time !! Love gives people power to hurt you ! Jk 
I had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > today coming over to my house , yea !! 
WILL BE COMPLETE HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... you can ask one question ( in my inbox ) . any questions , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what , you have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get ..! :) 
Got back from riding the horse , man am I dirty . O well thats what dirt and horse sweat is for . I couldn't ask for a better horse and to think I broke her myself . I am nervous am the Barrel Racing competition next weekend ! Country Girls And Their Champion Dreams !! 
Rednecks don't let their friends drive drunk , they jump in the truck with them . 
Leaving for dinner in about 15min to aley Bales in Siler City , Lord onlys knows what I might have to salvage in West < PROPFEMALE > this weekend , lol . Meet me there friends , if ya want ! Lost phone , its been gone for 2 weeks ! 
Some people think bloodlines are everything . Can a kid with parents who are high school drop outs be a lawyer ? Yes . Can a kid with succesful parents fail ? Yes . Its the same in animals , my horse doesn't have a famous sire or dam but she has the heart to please me and protect me for people who threaten me . Thats why I love her so much , she was the best gift I ever got and I do everything I can for her as well . 
Listening to Nickelback , ya know rock aint have bad sometimes . Country soothes the soul though ! 
Why is it when your in a hurry everything goes WRONG !!!! 
Im HOT and TIRED but did great at my horse show ! Sugar really did her best but it was sooo hot that and I was glad that not many people showd up cause we might have both got heat stoke ! Anyway if you want to know more about my placing , facebook me ! We placed pretty good . 
Headed to church soon , Happy B-Day to me tomorrow ! I will finally be 14 and soon high school ! I will get to meet lots of new people there and I can't wait ! 
Thinking about the times when you were little and your hair was lighter and things were easy ? Now days , you see people lined up for the hair color they had when they were little and wishing things were easier . O if everyone had as little worries as when they were young . Then High School will hit me ! Then a big reality check . 
Going to Northwood today to I guess explore or whatever . Gonna have fun , unless we get attacked by some other kids there , lol . I hope we get to do something besides hear about the school and sit in a chair . I hope I have fun but atleast I get get away from Moncure for half a day , WHOOT WHOOT ! 
I passed the Algebra 1 EOC and I am so glad cause I was nervous ! Graduation and Dance tomorrow , can't WAIT ! I so happy that I know get to go into High School !!!! Band concert was pretty cool , I on the edge of my seat cause I was hoping that I wouldn't squeck and I didn't . Gonna have fun this SUMMER of ' 10 !!!!! 
They take you tweezers away at the airport because they are a weapon that me hjack the plane . If you can hjack a plane with tweezers , then you deserve the plane !! 
My friend went with me and my sis swimming at my house , then we all rode the horses but after riding awhile , we went back swimming . I had so much fun ! Can't wait to do it again ! 
Comment a Color : Black = I hate you . Pink = I like you . Purple = I would date you . Blue = I DID love you . Red = I DO love you . Orange = I like talking to you . White = I really care about you . Silver = We're close . Green=You're sexy . Put what colour you think of me as and then copy and paste this as your status . 
Going to breakfest with mom and < PROPFEMALE > . 
I just attacked by some werid looking black wasps living in what looks to be a mini < PROPFEMALE > hive or something . Dumb things came after me so I have baking soda on my head and ice all over me cause I fell running from them ! I hope dad can get a big bottle of spray to get them good . Any idea what they are , please tell me ? 
Going swimming !!! 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . * Red = I love you * Pink = Sexy * Green = Your funny * Orange = I like you * White = I used to like you * Yellow = Your amazing * Black = i think ur gangster * Blue = Friends Forever * Purple = I dont know you that well . Only if you dare ! 
Getting ready for church , probably gonna be a pretty good day ! 
Well the show went pretty good today but ended early due to rain . I placed in everything that I competed in , new GOAL ! I got a 16 second time in the flag exchange which is my all time record ! I am so proud that we did good even though dad had to pull Sugar into the arena cause she hates the gate , but we did good , so Im happy ! 
Got home and did a little homework , then went swimming and the water was SOOOOO COLD !!!!!! but Im fine now . I swear , that water felt like ICE !! But now Im back to doing homework , o well .... 
Went to the Greensboro Invite and ran a 26.52 which is my best time !!! Everyone did real good , great job everyone !! 
Got back from the horse show but gotta ride the horse more .... 
Cooked dinner from family and friends , got my finger burnt on a hot plate but I have found that I acutally like cooking ! 
Working the horse in a loose ring snaffle taught me something today . If you don't give people or horses anything to fight against but only trust , they work with you alot better . 
Staying up to watch the lunar eclipse ! 
I can't remember the last time I stayed up this late , Im so tired and I feel like crap for not sleeping but I really wanna see this Eclipse sooooo bad !! I hope it happens soon ! 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying what they want and bought . Well this is what I want . I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families to be adopted . I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . Now , lets see how many people actually care and bother to re-post this . I have a feeling I am gonna see almost no re-posts !!! 
Having a great Christmas sooooo far !!!!....... Hoping it only gets better ! 
Had an amazing Christmas , tomorrow I'm going to grandma's to spend christmas all over again !! 
Best Christmas ever !!!! Only gonna get better when I go to grandma's today , I got a complete set of blue legacy horse boots , and a SMX ortho sport pad in mamba blue for the horse !!!! Sweater , shirts , ear rings , cash . This Christmas is amazing !!! I am wishing everyone an amzing Christmas !!! Good luck everyone !!! 
Have the most fun today , rode the horse in her new pad and boots through and snow , I swear it was the best ride of my life besides getting alot of snow in my eye and she bucked a few times which was pretty fun . Still has a small cut on her lip so I had tobe soft and lift in her mouth and ride with only leg cues . So much fun feeling the wind and snow the your hair and you gallop across the pasture . 
I just ordered my horse a beautilful zebra hair bronco halter !!! I can't to get it in the mail !! She's gonna look amazing !! One of a kind !! 
Inbox only . \ 
2010 is almost over ! \ 
Confess something you always wanted to tell me ( 100% private ) . \ 
Put this as your status , you may be surprised . ( : 
I just cut a chunk of flesh out of my finger cutting carrots , so now I have a bandaged figer that I can't move . Feeling stupid and painful . 
I can offically ride the horse Saturday at the show , if all goes well . Just got back from the barn , so I can saddle and get on with one hand . Thank you lord . 
Got back from urgent care this morning and the doctors were suprised at who great it had heal , thank the lord that I don't have to wear a bandage anymore ! 
* L I k e this * if you would care if I died tomorrow . post this as ur status & see how much likes u get 
