is halfway through his trip to Germany ! :( 

USA 2-0 Spain 
USA 2-0 Spain Fuck yes ! 
comes home in one week ! 
three days to go !!! 
comes home in 24 hours ! 
' s back ! 
leaves for Colorado in two days . 
Is in < PROPFIRST > , Kansas . 
applied for a new dog !!! 
got a dog !!! 
is under the weather . 
' s dad just ran a 100 mile race ! What can your dad do ? 
is sick . 
is struggling with his five ads for AP Lit . & Comp . 
has an awesome dog . 
can't find any place with song lyrics !!! AAAAAHHHHHH !!! 
' s problem is solved . 
is grateful for his awesome friends !!! 
' s sister returns in two days ! 
' s sister comes home today ! 
: My dog ate a sword .... 
has gotten his senior pictures ! ( See Photos of < PROPFIRST > ) 
stupid science section ! 
' s new phone is awesome ! 
' s internet sucks . 
Procrastination has its setbacks ... 
enjoys his ice cold milk and oreo cookies ! 
is considering running to school Thursday morning . 
will be running to school tomorrow morning , wearing only shorts and a t-shirt . : ) 
victory ! 
needs less to worry about . 
Just the thought of you can drive me wild ! Oh , you make me smile ! 
now realizes the importance keeping a cell phone handy .... and knowing when your showtime practices are 
You know something's wrong if your internet is to slow to access your email . 
is glad he got to sing with such awesome people . See you guys on thursday ! 
doesn't know how he feels about the showtime results . 
if essays were a person , I would kill them . 
' s dog went to Taco < PROPFIRST>'s today . Apparently he prefers mexican food . Double-you tee eff , senior ? -Also I'm going to start actually working at my job tomorrow . : ( 
is visiting Purdue this weekend ! 
Happy Pi Day everybody ! 
exactly . 
has eight days to decide on a college before he looses a scholarship ... GAH ! 
Horay ! 
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do ! 
Gonna take a lot to drag me away from you ! There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do ! 
is attending the University of Kansas . 
loves his dog ! 
I hate writting poems . 
wrote a poem about the Clorox dragon on his english binder and loves it !!! 
fitness is like < PROPFEMALE > ing a friend money : the longer they take to pay you back , the less you want to < PROPFEMALE > them . 
All 1's . What else can you expect from LHS ? :) 
I got a feelin ! Whooohooo ! That tonight's gonna be a good night ! 
Dang . That was awesome . 
lost his hearing due to excessive awesomeness !! :) 
has sunburn splotches on his back . 
went to bed at six this morning . 
five more days . Almost there . 
can't comprehend life without LHS choir ... 
just ran out of tea . :( 
One < PROPFEMALE > down . Seven more . I got this . 
likes that there are so many statuses about the end of our senior year . 
dreamed about choir last night . 
I am grateful for everyone who got me this far or kept me company along the way and I hope I never forget any of you . :) 
is back from south < PROPFEMALE > ! 
five days til world cup soccer ! 
got new pillows ! :D 
Deutschland !! 
found a dead baby mouse in his car . fml 
really wants the < PROPMALE > , English , and American teams to win tomorrow ! 
Awesome start to the day !! Show ' em what's up , Germany !! 
All of my teams won . :) It's a good day . 
Can't wait for the fourth of July to see his family ! :) 
spent five hours of his life putting stupid photos on facebook . crap 
needs a nap . 
vote for FYI Club once a day this month on the Pepsi Refresh Project website ! 
orientation today ! 
got his AP scores today . THE DAY before I needed them . Hey-ell yes ! 
wouldn't mind if his roommate had a facebook account . 
lunch with the youth group and the Man U game with the Nagengasts . Good day ! 
cats can be hilarious or scary as hell . 
got new glasses for the first time in five years ! 
moves tomorrow for the first time he can remember . Two < PROPMALE > never felt so far . 
has internet !!! 
I swear there's a 30 year old in my math class ! What the hell , yo ! 
Calc II is lame . Can I retake fangohr's bc calc class with everyone again ? 
Man , I need a soccer ball ... 
feels like he lives in a ghost town . I remember people used to live here . Where'd they go and why was I left behind ? 
is going rock climbing ! 
Halfway to Friday ! 
needs a ball , a field , and no homework . 
ate the most magnificent burger he has ever eaten ! 
can't remember the last time he got 2mm of facial hair in 4 days . Proudest moment of my life . 
loves his grandma and her chocolate chip oatmeal cookies . :D 
Did anyone else have Get Low playing in their head during midterms ? 
It is a good day ! 
is feelin ' swagtastic ! 
I was feeling sleepy , then I ate one of Grandma < PROPFIRST>'s magical cookies . 
ran out of caramel syrup this morning . Drat . 
another good day . 
shoulda been a cowboy ... 
Calc II SUUUUUUUUUCCKKS !!! 
is sick . Damn . 
is having lunch with his mother this day . 
' s road trip with his pals was a success . 
Chemistry is the bane of my life . 
To all Ricketts , Scotts , Kerrs , Smiths , Caseys , and Fredricksons be warned : by thanksgiving I will have gone unshaven for 25 days . 
I have a four < PROPFEMALE > paper to write today and I reeeeaaally don't feel like caring . 
One more class . I'm gonna make it ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !! 
Three days til a clean-shaven me ! 
one . more . day . 
got a haircut , saw < PROPFEMALE > B ., finished the last lab of the semester , and gets hot chocolate later . Today is a good day ! 
saw < PROPFIRST > Mraz tonight in person . Yeah , you know you're jealous . :) 
two weeks left !! 
will not be available for the next two days . 
FINALLY finished his last english paper . Life is good , yal !! 
' s team just won the ME 228 competition . Eat my design skills ! 
Oldmen-Newman Game at High Noon at Robinson Field . Be there . 
Thanks for the Birthday wishes everybody !! 
is D.O.N.E. with finals !!!!! 
just got back from a sweet Nebraska Trip with dad , but I miss my KU-NE football game friends . 
can't wait for the game tomorrow ! 
is lovin this community service trip w/ my KU pals ! 
is back at the hall ! 
