Stupid phone .. anyway . Happy New Years . 

just walked to Walgreens with < PROPFEMALE > . Wow .. It's hot outside ): 
I went to the Muny :D Haha , it was fun . 
Woah . 4:30 in the morning .. 
is at my grandma's house . Its her birthday :P 
< PROPFEMALE>'s at my house and Im not there . She's been there for a long time too . o: Is that weird ? lol 
Wow , a lot of people are still awake :) 
Leaving Tuesday ... this should be interesting .. 
is coming home tomorrow :) 
its my birthday :) 
Going to the make-up registration on the 13th or something ? Fun stuff :/ 
Tonight was strange xD 
Some people never grow up . 
Still have to upload those bubble pictures ... If only I could find the cord .. 
Can't celebrate his birthday .. til 11:58 :D Only 2 minutes of birthday-ness :/ 
Wow ... 
Supernatural :) 
is confused :| 
Finally saw Paranormal Activity .. Eh . 
Facebook Trick ! Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter , then left click Then Scroll Up And Down up & down and magic circles will appear ! To stop this - refresh your < PROPFEMALE > THIS WORKS - TRY IT ! THEN COPY & PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS !! .. Okay , so that works and it's weird . But what's the point ? lol 
iTunes is really annoying . 
Facebook chat is annoying me . So i guess i'll just sleep . 
Putting up Christmas with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
just became a fan of too many things .. 
is freezing o: 
is getting ready to go have Christmas with some of the family . Still not sure what time we're leaving though .. 
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes , smart enough to profit from them , and strong enough to correct them . 
PixOs are magical . But they take too long to dry . 
The Rev ? :( 
\Silly Pink Haired Lady . \"" 
Pizza Roll Party ! lol 
It's always disappointing when you find someone who has no clue who < PROPFIRST > Halen , Guns N Roses , or Motley Crue are . Weirdos . 
randomly bought a fish :) Oh , and happy new year . 
Toast > Bread . 
Bend ... and snap xD 
' s plans get messed up all the time .. 
Super < PROPFIRST > Bros :) 
Time goes by so slow when youre waiting for something .. 
Did anyone else hope the snow today would stick all over the roads ? I did . 
I woke up early .. and am somehow running late . 
< PROPFIRST > fiiiiinally cut my hair . lmao . 
\I'm not gonna get hit by that twig ! \ " Haha " 
procrastination = weakpoint . 
So many people keep updating their status's .. its getting hard to keep up . 
So i'm thinking we'll have school tomorrow . 
Some things are better left untouched . 
... 
Google Chrome is really weird ... 
Pokemon marathon .. xP 
fails at cooking . 
Too much painting :| 
Hiccups are eviiiilllll :| 
Cooking with her dad . Btw , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > got her phone taken away . 
so many bon fires in one night :) 
Heilige Kuh :P 
Are we not allowed to ' become a fan ' anymore ?? Odd . 
Ughhh . still 1 more hour left . 
Sitting alone in a parking lot for an hour ? not that fun .. 
Anyone have $42 to spare ? :] haha . 
< PROPFEMALE > Prey .. haha 
:) 
I wish he would turn on the air conditioning ... 
Iron man was such a long movie o: 
Finally storming .. 
wishes things were simpler . 
Jessssies herrrre :) 
has anyone been to google today ?? Pacman ! <3 
Theres no need to update your status every 10 minutes . 
Storm storm storm . 
My water tastes like chapstik .. 
Six flagsss :) 
I couldve sworn a monster truck or something just went by my house .. 
\Boredom comes from being too lazy to get creative . \"" 
Goodbye Missouri , hello Tennessee :) 
Avenged Sevenfold is going to pointfest :D 
is watching How to Train Your Dragon :) 
1 movie down , 2 to go . 
I freaking hate the dentist ... 
Drums on rockband is next to impossible . 
I dont get why I always wait til the last minute to do everything : l It makes things so stressful . 
Goodbye Missouri , I miss you already . 
Maybe Minnesota would be more fun if we could leave the hotel room : l sheesh 
Horse races are pretty boring . 
There are crazy drivers in Chicago .. 
Computer has some crazy man eating virus .. well maybe not that extreme . but its freaking annoying . 
' It’s dangerous in the car with all the kamikaze deer running around . ' 
Is watching Law Abiding Citizin :) 
< PROPMALE > e cheese :P 
I have to reinstall The Sims > : l 
Got an xbox 360 and the new avenged sevenfold cd .. todays been agood day :) 
Ugh .. stupid dentist :/ 
Facebook mobile refuses to work anymore .. this is really frustrating . 
city museum last night :P 
Stupid schedule : l 
Everyone else got a locker on their schedule , right ? So why didnt I ..? 
I shall get a raccoon , and name him < PROPMALE > . 
Guess I gotta stay up all night .. So I dont sleep all day . Greaaat . 
We're about to give the cat a bath . This is gonna suck . 
I don't think it's possible to get more annoying . 
I cant tell if Vampires Suck looks funny or stupid haha . 
Is seeing Inception with < PROPFIRST > :) 
Last day of summer break : l 
Ughh .. this is so frustrating :( 
It's too early to be awake 
2nd degree burn from a shark steam mop .. wow . Can't get stupider than that . 
Watermellon balls ! :) 
Why is the math hall so cold ? o: 
Stupid dentist :( 
is going to watch Drag Me to Hell . I heard this was really stupid ... here goes . 
It looks like someone took a bite out of my magazine :( 
It would be nice if I could fall asleep now . 
is so happy to finally be home . 
' limbs dont fall off when you can feel them . ' 
Why cant today be Friday ? 
Ive never wanted to go to a concert and had the tickets sell out before .. what the hell ? 
Cheesus .. haha 
Temporary tattoos are fun at any age :) 
Vampire teeth . Muahaha . I love Halloween . 
Why am I awake ? :/ 
The darkness ... woo :) 
\It sounds like hurricane < PROPFEMALE > up in hurr \"" 
Halloween weekend starts .. now :) 
Am I the only one without power ?? 
Sonic is a hedgehog .. I thought everyone knew that . Apparently not lol 
My english teacher is crazy .. 
Nope . I give up . This math is impossible . 
This is gonna be a hella long ride to Chicago 
My ceiling fan broke :/ 
Snow ! :) 
< PROPMALE > & Company ! :) 
358 . Ah , you're making me do this haha . So I know youve been really busy but I miss you . We used to < PROPFEMALE > out all the time . And your parties ? I love your parties . I don't know why . They're always so small and so full of drama , but they're fun . You still need to make me watch all these 24389284 movies that I haven't seen . But I miss < PROPFEMALE > ing out with our little group . That needs to happen again soon :) 
662 . I'm gonna start off by saying .. sorry for not liking you when we first met haha . My bad . You turned out to be awesome . And I was sooo happy when I saw you in the gym for summer pe . I wouldn't have made it alone lmao . We still need to have a pizza roll party , < PROPFEMALE > ? I know you like sour cream ... lmao . 
I wait forever just to find out that < PROPMALE > Owens isn't coming to Missouri :( 
Winter break :) 
is watching Zombieland at our Christmas gathering thing haha . 
I love my family :) 
Chemistry test tomorrow ? Not good . 
I don't think i've ever realized how creepy Fraggle Rock was , before . 
My dad just woke me up to ask what I was doing .. Um .. sleeping ? 
