The lady at the Winco made a comment about having to do a little jig that made me think of Strong Bad 

I'm currently working hard making goof off characters and seeing what amazing stuff I can make them do . 
Ready to move . 
Listen to < PROPFEMALE > Mayes Muses on the Escapist . It is pretty good . 
Careys wedding is over . I am tired . 
Can't sleep so I'm daydreaming funny things 
Today is the last day to eat crappy food for a while , and I didn't eat any crappy food . 
is reading new onepiece 
@ < PROPFEMALE > fixed my bag :) 
Just got home from homecoming ... It was the best homecoming I've ever done . < PROPFIRST > did an amazing job . 
About to go to sleep , but watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek 2 Spock dying ... :( I have and will always be , your friend . 
Cant sleep 
My weird brother doesn't like < PROPFEMALE > corn . I mean who doesn't like < PROPFEMALE > corn . 
Looking at costumes 
NO Halo tournament at the valley mall . 
Thinks he has a grey hair 
Is an idoit and < PROPMALE > Mielke was right . ^Stumbles off to go strangle something^ Damn it 
In a great mood . Aparently when I get sad and yell and when I get angry and yell are two very different things . One is much meaner than the other . I mean one makes a girl cry and the other makes that same girl feel sorry about what a horrible day I'm having . 
Listening to J-Rock makes playing Knights of the Old Republic that much better 
Wakes up at 4:53 and ends up puking up dinner . Today sucks . 
K-9 ! No , don't die K-9 ! 
Phones broke . I'm sick . Today sucks 
Just got my phone back . I would appretiate it if everyone would give me their < PROPFIRST > again . Not knowing who people are is really pissing me off . 
Didn't realize it was almost 3 . Writing can be fun . Wrote some weird things about the powerpuff girls , < PROPMALE>'s Lab , and Mash . 
wow ... I got the broken pen 
Is bored and can't think of anything to do . :( 
Cut my lip . it is bleeding like crazy . I got a spam text that includes sound . I was quickly checking the message as a loud scream just appeared . 
Can't seem to find purple face paint anywhere . 
Doesn't get how I've gotten so many people to be pissy at me . What ever it is I AM SORRY ! 
Juggling 
It is raining :( My back hurts . Fricking < PROPFIRST > 
Halloween today ... I feel like going back to sleep 
November ... my birthday is so close , yet so far away 
Is putting away his phone ... Not to be picked up till tomorrow 
Droppped his phone in the middle of a convo 
The screw fell out of my glasses ... Idk where they went ... 
I am the key master 
2012 is actually pretty good 
Hates it when his horoscope is really specific about something ... Especially when it is right . 
Really needs to go out and do somehting this weekend . Is anybody doing anything fun that I can go to ?? I at least need some suggestions ... 
Damn it I always say weird things when I talk past midnight .... 
Wow ... I froze on my presentation .... 
Felt horrible and angry and stressed .... I pissed off < PROPFIRST > at 12:30 so I am in a great mood . 
I got up at 3 realizing that I'd forgotten to write my final paper due for English tomorrow . 
Just watched Fight Club . First rule of fight club : Watch it . Second rule : Watch it . 
The basis of a good relationship : Understanding , Caring , Compassion , ( and love ) . 
Needs more stuff to do . 
Is in a really good mood , but prob should get to sleep soon . 
Feels Pathetic 
Went to see Avatar with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . It was fun 
Just got done watching a movie with < PROPFEMALE > . 
yay ... Rice Krispie treats success . I really hope other people like them . 
Slept through my alarm clock and isn't going to make it to school . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone . Hope your day is filled with Holiday cheer ( or Geoffs love ) :3 
Sherlock Holmes would be an excellent movie if not for the title . 
Really needs something to do . Text me if you want to go do something . 
< PROPMALE>'s birthday was good . I got him Devil Summoner 2 . :) 
I believe I've gained about 7 pounds in the last week and a half just on the sugary goodness that is the holidays . I guess I should've told < PROPFEMALE > that all I want for Christmas is to lose 10 pounds . That toppled onto my newfound ability of not being able to sleep has offically made it a < PROPFEMALE > jolly holiday season . 
I just spent the last three hours pretending to be happy . I guess sleeping would be a very good idea about now . :( 
ALso does anyone wanna do something on new years ? 
I downloaded a game for the trip and tried it out . That was 6 pm . I feel so dead . 
Random Nerd Fact . What band was Oz introduced in during the second season of < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer ? 
Just got back three bags of Gudu pops and wonders if the lollipops have an experation date . I don't want to try them so who wants a free lollipop ? 
I almost slept through my alarm clock . I slept until 7:07 when my class starts at 7:30 
Went and saw Daybreakers with < PROPFEMALE > . It was fun except the predictibility of the movie . 
I've traveled 500 < PROPMALE > to give you my seed ! 
feels like crap . 
500 Days of summer = so funny 
My list didn't save and my computer crashed . This week sucks 
Youth in Revolt is good . I laughed so much . 
I think I might have just finished my list again . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Stomach just started hurting really bad again and I am wondering if I am going to get sick again .... OH NOes not a gain 
Why is it that I feel good all day then right before I go to bed I get sick . I hope I feel better in the morning . Gnight . 
Halo tournament was fun . Ruffies almost won . 
I'm an uncle . < PROPFEMALE > \Max Evans from Roswell\ " was born this morning . " 
Sooo .... Tired . I need sleepytime ... 
Right now I can't fly , can't fight , can't crow , can't draw , and I can't sleep ... 
I don't think I look like anyone famous ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Megami Tensei : Devil Survivor keeps on freezing on the final boss . I am so angry ... GAWDDD 
YAY ... I won ! All I had to do was only fight the final boss with my main character . All other characters made the game freeze . I am the < PROPMALE > . Also that fight took forever ... 
Making a character to show < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and past this as your status . Then put the first entry for your name under comments 
Wants to be the very best like no one ever was 
Can't sleep and am making sure that I have everything for tomorrows random game-O-day . Currently I have A 360 , Halo , Culdcept , Borderlands , gamecube , sonic adventure two battle , and super smash bros . Anything else you guyswant to play ? 
Went home and took a nap and woke up 20 minutes ago . Sorry about the movie night 
After today I really want to play Grandia again ... It is such a good game .. 
Totally played myself some animal crossing . 
Omg . I don't look that bad in pants that my bro owns from about 4 years ago . I'm gonna wear those tomorrow . 
Movie night wasn't bad . 
Is this 1914 ? Everyone seems to be grouping off into there own little alliances . Joining either cause wouldn't advance me in any way so I guess being Switzerland has it's benefits . 
Just beat mass effect 2 >.< 
Wow ... I didn't want to do this but . You have failed me for the last time alarm clock . 
Can't sleep . Thinking of how the past influences our future . 
Today is < PROPFEMALE>'s 1 month birthday . < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > gave me some jerky ... Tasty >.< Thanks 
Needs to stop making solent green jokes . No one thinks that they are funny . Also after the Sakura con I'll be doing a movie month on my youtube account if anyone is interested . 
I can wake up in the mornings . It only takes me 3 alarm clocks and two snooze buttons 
Omg The World God Only Knows is amazing .... :3 
It has been decided that me and < PROPMALE > will go as < PROPMALE > Matsushiro and Ryo Kuroyanagi from Yakitate Japan . Me in the outfit from the second ending . 
I am writing a paper and am stuck ... Lame . I need more pages . Not good enough . 
< PROPFEMALE > Carper pulled out my tooth ... It hurt . 
By the end of some days you start to feel like < PROPMALE > . I am finished with today 
I should never post what do you want of me instead of what do you want 
Decafe < PROPMALE > grey tea ... Ewww 
out of everyone who was at my place , who put my penut butter in the refrigerator . 
Writing mania ... My mind is going about 5 < PROPMALE > a hour , but I still am coming up with good ideas . 
So who want's to go see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland with me this weekend ? If I'm lucky < PROPMALE > will cry 
Is doing pretty good with my song writing career . I just wrote a new song , so go and check it out everybody . 
Watched < PROPFEMALE > again , but this time in 3D . I liked it better without the 3d 
I just realized that on episode 51 of Yakitate Japan there is a reference to Campanella from NIght on the Galactic Railroad . 
Bacon , eggs , and last nights bread will make < PROPFIRST > a fat boy 
drove my cr to Geoff's place and just got back home . Stupid brain thinking that it was 5:30 instead of 6:30 
Cooking myself dinner . I normally don't cook this late at night , but it is whopper wednesday at the Burger < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > buys me whoppers . He didn't want to go this week :( 
Uggg .... Stomach hurting .... Maybe I shouldn't have made those wraps ... Stomach pain ... No sleep for me I guess . 
I am way nicer to girls then I am to guys . I think it is because girls are cute . 
Yo ! It's the green Machine . Gonna rock the town without bein seen . Have you ever seen a turtle get down ? Slammin Jammin to the new swing sound . Yeah , everybody let's move . Vanilla is here with the new < PROPFIRST > Groove . Gonna rock , and roll this place . With the power of the ninja turtle bass . Iceman , ya know I'm not playin . Devastate the show while the turtles are sayin : Ninja , Ninja , RAP ! Ninja , Ninja , RAP ! 
Yay ... More things to decorate my house with ... 
Tofu yakisoba =] YUMMMMMY I think I ate to much though . I can't sleep . Totally worth it though . Good job < PROPFEMALE > for winning in rock paper sissors and picking my food for me . 
This week has been interesting . I've done some good deeds , some bad deeds , and some people are confused on which is which . I am so angry and sad , yet still suprisingly happy . Hope you have a nice time . 
It is pretty pathetic when looking at facebook makes you sad i fuckiiing hate you all ....... im going to bed 
My body seems to enjoy playing pranks on me . Oh hey < PROPFIRST > . You're going to sleep . Nope , sickness time . Stomach ache time =-( I also bit my tongue ... Today already seems to suck . 
I just found out that How to Train Your Dragon has < PROPFIRST > Tennant in it . 
The Senior trip should be fun . Then right when I get back I have the Sakura-con . Busy Busy Busy ... 
Oh noes .... I'm leaving for a week and my dance isn't finished ... Neither is my cd ... What well I do ?? Okay .. Everyone come up with songs for the con so I can make cds ... 
\I put the men in menstruation . \ " < PROPMALE > Mielke " 
I'm home , sore , tired , having to check up on many things . 
Love reading about mythology . Reading about a certain guardian of the Bifrost Bridge . Called the white god . Heimdall . 
If crossday was some elaborate April Fools trick I swear I will beat the crap out of all of you . 
Greatest thing I have heard while standing in a line at the con : Well I know how I'm gonna pick her up . I'll just casually talk to her about her ex-boyfriends and say You've sucked a cock . So Have I !! We have so much in common . 
Omg super excited . I have the base outline for a book . Actually two books . My mind is running at 2000 words a minute and I'm excited and nervous and looking up many things about mythology and religions . I don't know if anyone will like it , but the writing for this book offically starts today . I don't think I'll be sleeping today . >.< So EXCITED also I'm reading 1/2 < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFIRST > dropped a duece during dinner 
Another day , another new character . If I keep adding new characters at this rate I'm going to have to never finish this book . 
The book I'm writing is called the walk of the world . What do you think of the name ? Oh . I also made another character . He has a cool weapon . 
I went to bed early , thought of something from a long time ago and I hulk hoganed my underwear off . For all of those hulkomeniacs . I guess that's what happens when I have bad dreams but seriously . 
Hungry . Cooking hamburgers . I'm not a very good cook , but these really look tasty . 
stop playing with my nipples its weird 
just signed on a house on . 19906 grace < PROPFIRST > ottis orchards wa . 
just blew a fuse . half of my house isn't working . Sorry about leaving the convo . 
Started typing at about 10:30 . I didn't realize it was so late . I finished a couple of pages and they seem kinda good . I might show them to peoples this week . Don't be too harsh . plz 
Hey don't use just exposed . That app is failure . You don't have to answer questions it does so for you . I never answered any questions , and I'm guessing 19 o fmy friends don't have crushes on me . 
So ummm ... . Should I get a Sulcata Tortoise ? If I get one what should I name it ? I'm thinking Detective Lieutenant < PROPFIRST > McClain 
I get to reardan as funkytown plays 
bird poop missed me my mear inches 
What is your favorite book quote ? 
My head feels like it might explode , but alas I cannot rest until I finish everything for tomorrow . I wish I knew how to make gawah ( hope I'm spelling it right ) so I could drink until the need to sleep leaves me . 
I hope you dream nice friendly dreams about your greatest wishes , because tomorrow when you wake up you will be in the same horrible world as before . No riches , or great power and abilities . Don't cry for this world . However horrible the outside world gets we can always rely on our dreams to give us water in the drought of unhappiness . 
Earlier today since I deleted < PROPFIRST > from my facebook account I was going to get others to do the same . As I was creating the event however I decided that even since < PROPFIRST > hates me and I'm prolly kind of bitter because of it I shouldn't pull people into my problems . 
I downloaded Sengoku Basara and it doesn't have english Subs . I've realized however that it a lot of really good voice actors . 
there are geese on the freeway 
I have a splinter . A thorn in my side . \ 
A small irritation that may never subside . \ 
Even if I leave my body the thorn will be there . \ 
Friends can cause pain that can't be repaired . \ 
Good friends are like that splinter , that torn inside . \ 
Even if they hurt you they'll be by your side . \ 
Even if sadness hits and I start to despair , this irritation will be right here . 
I accieved the most amazing tennis move ever performed today . My back \ 
still kinda hurts though . 
I accieved the most amazing tennis move ever performed today . My back still kinda hurts though . 
< PROPFIRST>'s my bizzaro- chanze 
Just got home from Brians . I had a wonderful day today . 
Today's the worst day I've had this week . 
If history is to change , let it change . If the world is to be destroyed , \ 
so be it . If I am to die , I can only laugh . \ 
\ 
- Magus 
Why was < PROPFIRST > all pissy about how I didn't want him to draw a penis on lexi's face . 
Me and < PROPFIRST > got third in the doubles Brawls tournament ! 
I had a great time at the mall today with Your Magesty < PROPFEMALE > Perfectness , Nubbin , and The MOM ... Good coffee is always a plus . We looked at scarfs and cologne . I liked the smell of the Play one . 
< PROPMALE > is buying me mcdonalds .. I love hanging out with < PROPMALE > . I'm gaining 10 pounds 
I really don't mind it when my friends go out without me . I hate it when they call me afterwards asking for rides . Seriously ??? WTJ 
< PROPFIRST>'s and < PROPFIRST>'s place was fun . I've realized that I'm not very good at fighting games . Adventure times is really amazing . I really should say more , but I'd much rather sleep . 
oh my precious hair . It will never grow long ... :( I miss its non cuttly parts 
I don't like my hair cut at all . I think I have a new blue hat I can wear . 
Well I missed the auction today . ( my father after my graduation ) 
a kitten just jumped out of the car in front of me . I'm bringing it to the vet . 
Had a nice day hanging at the mall . Won against some people at Smash . I think I might be doing something not completely in my character ( < PROPFIRST > Agrees ) but I'm happy about it . 
Today was pretty bad . How was everyone elses day ? 
I really hate being wrong . I don't know why , but I've been wrong about so many things lately . Ugg .... 
I feel like < PROPMALE > off of Angel the t.v. show right now . 
I'm in kind of a horrible mood , but I'm not going to just sit home alone all day . Txt me if you want to do something . I'm going out somewhere ... 0 . O 
The true blood season premiere was disappointing . It didn't make me excited for anything that could happen this season . Me and < PROPFEMALE > yelled at the same moment during one scene though . 
Okay . I am having a great time at < PROPFIRST>'s place . I love my friends . I should leave and so should someone else , but we're having fun . 
I'm totally ready for whatever happens next . 
we were doing number trading last night . I realized that I don't have most of your < PROPFIRST > . If you want me to have your number send me a message with it . Or if you just want my number ask and I'll send mine . 
I had a great time at the movies . Shrek the third was good , and I looked at some shoes . :) It's been a long time since I had one of those icees . They're delicious . 
A good first day working for my father . No accidents yet . 
I swear they could play < PROPFIRST>'s voice in music to make people want to commit suicide . Subliminal messages . 
I have feelings of great emotion for my new yearbook !!! I feel really happy about life right now . I also played on a boat for about a half hour waiting to get into my house . I'm in one of those moments where I feel serious yet extremely happy . Also Fluttitoots the only breakfast ceral that will play music as you eat them . 
hanging on a boat out on the river . It is so hot . burning noo .. :) 
Just got home . Sleep time for me . Silverwood with the family tomorrow . I have doubts about it being fun at all . Swimming hopefully will be fun . 
My mom is telling me about one year at halloween when they dressed up as clan members . 
Hanging with < PROPFIRST > was fun . I also had some friends at my place . Anyways my dog < PROPMALE > got into the garbage and is now sick . I'm going to clean up some messes and try to make him feel better . 
Hello world . I'm at < PROPFIRST>'s . He is a really nice man and one of the people I enjoy time with the most . I am also texting Sumayah . I love my friends . Wait i highly enjoy spending time with my closest companions . 
I have officially decided , after the foolishness we exhibit during a night of drinking , that I am not going to drink again . It just turns us into idiots that do not think . People who say things that should not be said . We've never needed it to have a good time , and still don't . My < PROPFIRST > is 100% my best quality and removing it for a short while is an idiotic idea . I dont want to have a wall of text so bye . 
facebook friends what is the name of the main character on the tv show quantum leap . 
I'm in a really horrible mood . :) hahahahahahahahahahahahaha . ( ten seconds later ) hahahhahahahahaha . * < PROPFIRST > , \Why are you laughing michael ? \ " Idk hahaha " 
I went on a walk today with < PROPMALE > , I rode a bike , and I slept for more than 8 hours . Today seems pretty decent . I barely spoke to anyone today . Days like this are good sometimes . 
Right now I am an adult pretending to be a child pretending to be an adult . 
My brother asked for my other computer to allow him to enhance our server . I really like this movie I'm watching called Bride and Prejudice . I have to thank < PROPFEMALE > Almohanna for telling me about it . If you haven't seen it check it out . 
I had a really good day today . I kneaded meat until it was unrecognizable , had a good time walking a large dog around the park , and spent the rest of my evening watching a movie with my good friend < PROPFEMALE > . 
I had a good time at < PROPMALE > Garza's place . I love swimming even though I think I'm a bit out of shape . Then the fire came . I can say that I honestly started the fire on a mortar . All I did was basically pile a giant group of fireworks together and lit them on fire . < PROPFIRST > Hire helped gather the fireworks and < PROPFIRST > Spilker set them off with me . 
I get to manito park and walk around a bit . after about 6 minutes it started raining , then the wind picked up and made it pour . 
No doggie stop eating my shoes .... :'( 
I woke up at 2 . you can guess when I went to bed . 
Oh wow ... I think it just might be time for me to go to bed . Good Morning all of my facebook friends . 
THAT JERK < PROPFIRST > GAVE ME A PIECE OF JERKY ... PORK JERKY . XC 
I hate spiders so much ... SO MUCH !! I caught a spider crawling on my chest while I was trying to take a nap . = G Well I guess I'm awake . Does anyone wanna do anything ? I feel like moving . 
< PROPFIRST > Whelan , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and I walked 40 minutes to get eggs . 
I have work at five and this is the first time in a while that I will be sleeping early . Well prolly not for another hour , but it's a start . 
Hey everyone . A moose just walked across the freeway just at the broadway exit . Freaking 5 am . 
Work in a couple of hours . Time for bed . 
woke up at 830 silverwood trip is at 9 . I live a half hour away . O.o 
I'm so red I feel like Hellboy . 
I watched the I.T. Crowd and baked . I baked , and then proceeded to bake some more . Super baking time Go , or as < PROPMALE > would say , \Are you ready guys ? Time to put your oven on . \"" 
Depression\ 
is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be\ 
strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who \ 
has or has had depression . Leave it on your status for at least an \ 
hour . It's mental health week and 1 in 3 people will suffer at some \ 
point in ... their ... lives . Show your support good people 
I had a good day . Epic cow adventure followed by an amazing dinner . Alas it is midnight and I need rest for work so sleep is about to zzzzzzz ..... 
No matter what words I use , I cannot explain my mind . :( I wish it was easy ... >.> 
With your hair like that and a beard it looks like a mane . :) < PROPMALE > you say the greatest things . 
I've made ramen cuz I don't feel like cooking real food . 
I am so tired . in a couple of hours I'll be like a zombie moaning for sleep . rawr zzzz rawr zzzz rawr 
Just watched episode 1 of Weeds . Omg good . 
Reading Celtic Myths and Legends . I played some Siren on the ps2 today . It is kinda horrible and scary at the same time . :) it was fun 
My big brother < PROPFIRST > just got married . Yum . <3 
Today feels like 4 different days put together . I'm so tired . 
they gave me a girl watch . 
Just got home and saw an amazing sunrise . If your awake right now check it out . The sun looks gorgeous on the horizon . The way it makes the clouds and earth look is spectacular . Anyways time for sleep . 
I'm stealing something of . com's today with my random fact . Red ribbons are tied to the tails of horses who are known to kick . It brings a new light to the red ribbon army doesn't it . 
I run up to a pair of shoes and say I like these . my mothers response is really ? * side turned head * 
Everyday I spend with < PROPFIRST > is two days closer to my death . She is so horrible . 
Leaving for the Alaska trip tomorrow . 
I just got back . I had fun . 
I would like a blueberry pomegranate splash and a milk shake . no you can only have one . really ? 
It starts raining . I get up and head to my car to go home . My dad asked where I was going and I said that I was going home because of the rain . He replied it's not raining where I am , get back to work . I guess I got my own personal storm cloud . 
I was riding in a car with < PROPFIRST > . I finish talking to my dad and < PROPFIRST > says , \ Wow they yell at you a lot . \"" 
I need to get back into my writing curve ( need to get out of writers block ) . I was thinking of writing a game or movie review . Be honest with me . Would any of you read it ? 
I just bought a wii at a < PROPFIRST > in the box . lol ... 
I guess I better get on that . You're going off the shelves faster than a new < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > novel . :) 
Pork and Corn for lunch at my parents . I don't know what I'll be eating . 
Picking up some new records . Hello scratchlive . It's been a long time . 
Oh One Piece Movie 10 strong world is really good . It totally makes me feel that today is worth it . I don't think I've ever had this much paint in my hair before . I'm literally ripping my hair out to get it out . 
I think I may be sick ... Idk yet .... Just not feeling very good ... 
\there were so many alagators in wa . until you killed them . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
< PROPMALE > has bought Netflix . I am filling his queue with documentaries right now . The only thing he had on there was Grey's Anatomy . 
Got a new phone . Love it . 
I feel like i've accomplished nothing but being mean today . I think I can live with that . 
Moved a piano .... I felt like a boss .... My back hurts .. 
Reading the < PROPMALE > of war while taking a bath . Great idea ! 
Kingdom hearts was really good . I hated it at the beginning . Review is coming up soon . 
I bought a longboard . We have such great weather today that on my way back home my car slid off of the road . URGGG >.< My car's fine . 
There has been a glitch in the matrix . Three of the exact same car ran the same red light . 
Is signed up in a english as a second language class . 
Hanging out at manito . 
Gamer's club meet and greet is today at 12:30 . Come and get to know some of your fellow gamers . 
I find it completely ridiculous that I have helped four people move this year , but when I am moving I have to do it by myself . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > West BATMAN >.< 
< PROPMALE > is afraid to go downstairs . 
I hate this week . No internet . No new one piece . 
Orange slippers ... so cool . XO 
I walk inside . My mom looks at my shoes and asks why I took < PROPFEMALE>'s shoes from Alladin . Haha ... 
New one piece ... in other news I almost got killed today when the driver infront of me slammed on his breaks . My car did a nice 360 on the pavement . 
Today is much to warm for a black shirt . 
I really hate being the only single guy in a group of friends when we < PROPFEMALE > out : 
Watching the great train robbery . 
Going to bed . Found spider in blanket . Wide awake . 
< PROPFEMALE > is sooo good ... 
Sorry < PROPFIRST > I can't get journey out of my head . 
My sister's dog TinkerBell died today . Tinster we will miss you , even though you always peed on me . :*( 
Watching < PROPMALE > beat the lich < PROPMALE > .... oh nvm he died ... oh he's back ... dead again ... 
I need to take a break from lol .. guess i'll load up some warcraft 3 
He says because he hurts like getting hit w/ a bus full of bricks ! 
I cannot seem to find my razor ... beard time I guess 
I elbowed her in the face . My day is ruined . 
She uses aol ... >.< 
According to my gf I have the eyes of the dred pirate roberts and the nose of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Is going to take my phone back because not a single picture I've taken today was saved onto my phone . * ANGER * 
Hey does anybody have a long brown wig I can borrow for halloween 
It is so good to see a community get together to do something . 
Beat sumayah in a race while wearing heels . :) 
< PROPMALE > is a weirdo . He can't cross any of his toes . 
Mariah : It has a L and a P and the movie has samurais . It is a movie about a game . Me : The < PROPMALE > of Persia . Her : ya that's it 
Disappointed ... I hate it when things don't pan out . Stupid miscommunications . 
Had a great day today . I feel like every time I < PROPFEMALE > out at eastern I get hurt . First my foot now my hand . Both on the right side . Totally worth it . :) 
You know it's awkward being the fat kid playing truth or dare . Cuz when everybody else gets a kiss both partys enjoy it , but when you get one it always feels like the person just got a punishment .... Oh .. I kinda hate you so I'll make you kiss fattie over there . 
My bookclub group is making wookie sounds 
Reading < PROPFIRST > Hasselhoff's book Don't hassel the hoff . 
5:43 and the radio decides that it is hall and oats time . 
Wow . I grabbed a handdrill and put it in my bag in case I needed a vaccine 
I want to go see the new < PROPMALE > potter . Who all wants to see it with me ? 
< PROPMALE > doesn't have a key to the gates so he can't leave my parent's house ... nice job dad . 
My dog < PROPMALE > got into my room and ate my phone charger . :( 
Every year as soon as it hits my birthday everything turns to hell . Thanks for the happy birthday guys . It means a lot 
Is spending the beginning of his birthday walking home behind a old man who has a large knife on one side and what looks like a pistol holder on the other . 
Now a strange man with \roll on luggage is about a block behind me yelling < PROPFIRST > wait . " 
< PROPMALE > goes 12/4/8 I did great . He looks over to my screen . Oh 13/4/16 ... I gotta love amumu . 
IS totally nerding out on the new episodes of < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > is the pill that keeps my sleep at bay . 
I look so pretentious right now it is almost funny 
I'm sorry but can people stop posting these crappy personal messages . If you want to tell them what you think of them then put it in a message and send it . 
I talked to an ex today . I feel like a mature adult . Then I < PROPFIRST > a monkey with shaving cream on my mirror . Now everything feels even . 
I have a bruise on my leg that looks like a site < PROPMALE > . 
I tried to make my house look christmasy , but it ended up looking like an eight year old's birthday party . 
I hope everyone had fun tonight . I hope to see you all soon and that you all have happy holidays . Sorry to those who couldn't make it and a special sorry for those who weren't invited . No offense . I still have feelings for you that can be simplified but by much smarter people than me . 
Just had the spiciest burrito that I've ever had . 
Reading about lying , scheming , and love . Oh I love the World God Only Knows . 
I'm overhauling this stupid thing called my friends list . I am removing people who I do not associate with often or at all . This is not a reflection on anyone I just am done pretending relationships and faking them . This does not mean that we are not friends it just means that we do not talk . With a number of exceptions if we don't communicate with each other then we have no use for each other . 
It is 3 am and I have not received my dreams yet . Oh Morpheus , son of Hypnos , bring me my dreams . Well if the gods do not bring me peace , who will ? 
Me : \Thank you < PROPFIRST > so much . I am bad with Grammer . GRAMMER my enemy . < PROPFIRST > : * Grammar . Me : and his sidekick spelling . " 
I sit at my computer and look over to my wall to see the greatest thing ever . A One Piece blanket on my wall . Beautiful . 
I'm eating chocolate and watching the twilight series ... Is there something wrong with me ? 
I wake up . 24 hour cafe . Is this missula ? Yep 
I'm in Lake Havasu city Arizona . 
In yuma on my way to mexico ... 
I saw < PROPMALE > in mexico . He gained a little weight and was helping a drunk through the line . 
I'm listening to mc < PROPFIRST > on the radio in the casino .... 
I am in need of a cup of coffee this morning .... urg ... or maybe seven . 
With the new banning system i'm going to be so banned . 
Oooohhh spokane ... how I have missed your cold breath against the back of my neck .. okay ... now i'm bored 
Piranha 3d wasn't bad .. I thought it would be . Okay it was bad , but in a good way . 
Cheese and applesause ...... wtj 
My head hurts so much that I feel like Gallagher's watermelon after the show . 
Machete has the greatest backseat driving ever . 
I am wondering which of my friends have this Skype thing ? If so info question marks profit 
Can't fine my phone ... If any of you guys see it give me a fb message . 
I love my stupid grin when I am watching a love scene in a crappy tv show . 
My first game as Amumu in over a month . I giggled as I entered the fields of justice . I goofed off with no health while two people tried to kill me . I still got a kill without dieing . I rejoiced as I got a triple kill during our first team fight and I smiled as miss fortune tried to kill me right before I destroyed her with 20 hp . Good Game . 
My best friend is so cool . He's like the type of person that if < PROPFIRST > Phelphs dropped a baby over the side of a bridge he would jump off the bridge catch the baby and throw it back up . He is that cool 
I am going as link to the sakura-con 
I am so tired . I feel like I'm going to fall over . 
Went to an auction today . < PROPMALE > flipped out and bought about 100 boardgames . He never looked cooler . 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > I have my plans for my costume set out 
8 am . Time for sleep . I had fun at < PROPMALE > Horror with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > my < PROPFIRST > . thanks to waking me up in time to go 
Finished loading up some railroad ties ... 
I thought dinasours were just something that people made like those model cars . < PROPFEMALE > is really smart 
Job interview then auction . I think today is going to be a great day . 
I've never seen more crossbow parts in my life ... 
Another night talking for 6 or more hours . I'd prob be a lot happier if I wasn't so tired . :P 
I get a message about a week ago saying how if it snows I will have good luck with something :) I think I am the only person in spokane who was wishing for it to snow . 
I think singing someone to sleep is soooo great . :) If only I could get to sleep myself . 
Like everything slows down like when you're karate fighting . -this is < PROPFEMALE>'s version of birth 
This weekend has been very interesting 
My prereg for the Sakura-con didn't go through ... So angry . On a side note my arms hurt from shake weighting too much 
Leaving again . See you all in about a week 
In Arizona . Having a good time . 
Saw Red Riding Hood went bowling and watched Repo the genetic opera . Overall I'd say a pretty good day . 
A really really messed up hour . :( 
Silly things ... Staying over at someones house and still talking to them over skype .... :3 
I am legitimately happy . 
