Today's agenda ... back to back hockey games , lunch out with the family , then home for the never ending pile of laundry , and lastly- maybe a nice nap in my cuddly warm bed on this very cold day --- still considering the nap ... it's lookin ' good though !! 

hi-ho hi-ho , out into the snow I go ... the residents are hungry and waiting to be fed ... hope someone takes this good care of me when I am this age ... seriously ! LOL ! 
hi-ho .. hi-ho .. it's out into the cold I go ... the residents are wanting to be fed , I hope someone takes care of ME when I am not far from dead ... hi-ho-hi-ho-hi-ho ... seriously ! 
Okay , so there must have been a full < PROPFEMALE > at some time cause today- these people were losing their collective minds ! 
is wondering ... is anyone else having trouble loading YoVille ? I haven't been able to get past 62% before it stops loading and just sits .. just wondering .... 
is sick and tired of people -- I don't hate them ... just tired of them ... as I am sure they are tired of me .... I know ... it's called Life- so getting over it now ! Everyone has off days- seems that some aren't allowed to have any while others seem to be given 
is back to normal ... sometimes the things that upset us the most are small trivial things that if we just give them time- they will work themselves out- as in this case . I am thankful for good friends that offer suggestions and for friends who can understa 
is .... that's all there is right now ! 
Hey hey hey ... we are finally back from the beautiful state of New York !!! Lake Placid was beautiful !! The weather was fantastic and let me tell you- if we could have stayed there for another week- we would have . The house was perfect , everyone was ecstati 
is wondering what in the world she should do for dinner ... and is thankful that her car is fixed without any troubles ! Oh and the harsh reality of coming home and dealing with the hum-drum of everyday life is such a let down ! I want to go back on vacation ! 
is so glad the weekend is here ... need a break from all the chaos at work ! LOL ... gues I should just be greatful I have one ... 
is getting excited ... the last ' trip ' of the season will be here in a matter of days ... hope it's a good one- one of my daughter's will be celebrating her 16th birthday that same week !! Ought to be a rousing good time ! 
We have a new member to our family !! His name is < PROPMALE > and he's a 4 month old cooh hound/german shepherd mix- cute cute cute !! Pics coming soon ! happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
photos of < PROPMALE > are on here- look under the photos 
Well , I have three days under my belt at my new job and I can only say that the staff there is out-standing , the residents are dear , dear people and with God's help , I'll be able to contribute as much as the others do for these sweet people . they have been patient and kind and very encouraging to me . I truly love what I am doing . I just need to get some new feet ... mine are broken ! lol ! 
Today is going to be a wild and wonderful day . Brunch with the residents and even some from Memory care , I think . This week has been so much fun , I count the quality of my own job progress , not in money , but in hugs and smiles ... yesterday was a great day ! 
Going to do some running today , looking to just enjoy the day and take what comes as it happens ! Puppy is wore out from his walk , son is full from breakfast , one in the shower , and the other one is watching < PROPFEMALE > Girls , while the cats slink around - keeping one on the puppy and one eye on the quickest exit if puppy jumps up ! Goodness ... one is still sleeping ! Time to get up !! 
It's Sunday , have to work today , but that's okay ... I have been blessed with a great job- I love these people . I just can't say enough good things about them .... other than I'm having chronic hot flashes and these dear folks are coming out of their apartments wearing two and three layers of heavy clothing- makes me dizzy just thinking about it ! LOL !! 
Time to get the others up so they can get moving ... Hope everyone has a great day today- we all need a day that makes us appreciate what we have and the friends we know ! Hugs and love to you all ! 
Well , I'm off to do yard work ... I gotta a shrub that has started to take over a section of my yard , and some weeds that are taking over my island ! Seems like it's a great day to do yard work ! 
is working labor day- but it's totally worth it- I get to spend most of the day with my family so that makes it okay ! Hope everyone has a great time over the holiday weekend ! 
WAY TO GO MICHIGAN !!!!! Sweet ... oh yeah ! 
My son < PROPFIRST > had his first friendship game of the season and his team won 12-1 . It was great sitting in the stands again and seeing all his hard work over the summer pay off . Congrats to the Ice Eagles for a great start to the season ! 
Today's motto : \ It's not the length of life that's important .... it's the depth in which you live it . \ " Love to you all ... " 
It's amazing how difficult things are to do when one is dead tired and not wanting to get out of bed ... I could easily lie back down and sleep for the next 8 hours ! But it's off to work I go ! Stand tall people and have a good day ! 
I keep hearing and seeing people posting that nasty , dirty , four letter word on their status lines ... I can't handle it ... S-N-O-W .... 
Seems there are quite a few of my sweetys on her that are going through some serious trials .. please know that I am praying for you all and that your never far off in my thoughts . God's Hand of Blessing , Peace and Comfort on your all- hugs and love ! 
Going to be a wild ride today-off to Waterloo for my son's two hockey games-praying he does well and they win-.in the mean time-trying to keep up with the games on today- have mixed emotions-like the Hawks , but have been a fan of The Buckeyes for a while and since MI isn't doing so hot-well-Let's just say I hope they are kicker games and I'll be happy for whoever wins ! Way to go Redwings for their two wins this week ! 
yeah- so I got my schedules confused and Iowa didn't play the Buckeyes- they played Northwestern and lost , as I hear it . Sorry that for !!! But on the up side- my son and his team won both of their games !! Way to go Ice Eagles ! 
thinks ... Monday ... it is what it is ... 
Today , I'm thankful for having kids that want to help me and love me , and think I'm cool .. they want to be around me all the time and that makes me feel very blessed ! 
Today , I am thankful for the bed where I slept , the pillow for my head and the blanket that kept me warm ... too often it's the little things we take for granted . 
I would also like to say THANK YOU !!!! to all the men and women that serve to protect our great nation on a daily basis- near and far- God Bless each and every one of you !! My husband is a Vet as well ... and he is a WONDERFUL man ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Today , I am thankful for a God that loves me even when I don't love myself and cared enough for me that He put people around me to help remind me of how good I have it- Thank you Dear Lord ! 
Today is going to be a busy day ... this morning , taking the girls out for some shopping and fun , then this afternoon- son has two hockey games back to back ( go Ice Eagles ) , then home to walk to the dog , catch up on some laundry and then ... we'll see how the rest of the evening goes ! 
Saturday has come and gone- had a good day ! Sunday - even though the weather isn't the best- is looking alright too . Gotta keep a positive outlook or the yucky stuff WILL overtake you ! Smile folks ... it makes people wonder what you're up to ! 
Today- I am thankful for my sister . I can't be there to help go through all that is going on there with our mom- please keep my mom in your prayers- health issues- but she just keeps on going despite her own health issues ... I love you sis ! I have the best sister in the world ! 
Today , I am thankful that God knows my worries and concerns and He has already acted upon them . I am also thankful for my FB friends ... in a world gone crazy where weeds are rampant ... beautiful flowers still grow strong and are able to give others joy ! 
Made it through Monday ... for the most part ... thanking God that today was as good as it was . Tomorrow .... < PROPMALE > goes to the groomer , and I get the rest of the day to do what I want ... off work and planning to enjoy it thoroughly ! 
To those that have been praying for my mom and her surgery- I thank you from the bottom of my heart ... I haven't heard anything as of yet ... will be calling my sister soon ! 
Is happy that she got a message from my sister ! My mom's surgery only took an hour- not the three and a half they thought and she has already been up and around !!! Thank you Lord !!!! And to all of you sweeties that were praying with me ! I love you all ! 
today I am thankful for my salvation ... thankful for the people that God has given me for friends , thankful that I live in the greatest nation in the world ! Love and hugs to all my friends ... fb and non-fb ! 
I want to thank you all again for your prayers for my mom . Now i need more-her procedure went fine- but for some reason her sugar is registering 400and her potassium levels are ' critically high ' which affects muscles i , e ; the heart-if they can't figure out what is going on-her new pace maker/defibrlator will start shocking her without need . Not good ! Please pray they can figure out what is happening and fix it ! Thanks 
My sister just called and said that they are not releasing my mom tonight- but her sugar is coming down-not to where it's supposed to be , her potassium is slowly dropping as well ... they can't explain what happened or why it's decreasing . They have said that the surgery had NOTHING to do with what is happening now .. but I know that praying people are powerful and God has enabled !! Thank you ! 
Today i am thankful for praying friends ... I thank each and every one of you that has spoken to God on my mother's and my's behalf ... I'm in awe and have no other words than Thank you ... which really seems inadequate . :-) God Bless 
today ... I'm thankful for being given another day . Recently , people that I care about alot have come under attack , fighting an enemy they can't see ... I have no idea what it feels like or how I would handle myself ... God knows how strong they are ... and .. how weak I am- please ... join me in praying for their strength to endure and the wisdomof their doctors . 
To all my friends and family -on here and far away- I love you all , Have a Happy and Blessed Thanksgiving Day ! \and if you can't be with the ones you love ... love the ones your with ! \"" 
is thankful that she DOES NOT have to do any shopping on this utterly ridicuous day ... yes , I have to travel ... but it's not because of shopping ... to you bargain hunters and sale hounds ... happy hunting !! Be safe and try to remember civility and common courtesy ! :-) 
We made it back !! Took third in the hockey tournament ... happy with that !! So proud of my son and the team !! Just glad to be home from Chicago ! Next week ... Kansas City here come ! 
is feeling inspired by all the holiday decorations around to turn my own home into a thing of beauty for the holidays ! Hope the visions in my head can be re-produced in real life ! LOL ! 
Today , my only thought and prayer is that God would heal one of the most beautiful , spirited , loving , and dearest people I have had the privilege to know in my short life .... there seems to be a lot of cancer out there that is getting worse and worse- let's all HATE cancer today- it seems we all know someone or have known someone fighting it ! 
The Words \thank God it's Friday\ " have never meant more to me than today ! I have seen God so some amazing this week- thank you for praying- one can truly see where the power of God lies ... in HIS children ! God Bless ! " 
Okay- it's early- lol- sorry about the typos and missing words- God has done amazing THINGS this week- whether I can type it out or not ! LOL ! 
okay- my day off- oil change , tire rotation , grocery store run , quick stop ( yeah right ! ) into Kohl's , then off to get my nails done ... then back home for packing so 4 of the 6 of us can be ready for our trip to Kansas City tomorrow- phew- I need a nap ! 
dead on her feet ... drove to Kansas City on Saturday , come home Sunday- got home after driving through a winter storm ... got to bed very late , had to be to work very early ... yay- I'm tired ! lol ... 
is wondering why she isn't in bed yet ? I can hear my pillow calling me ... why am I not listening ? 
three hours ?! I have only been alseep for 3 measly hours- going to try for three more ... I hope I can get them ... or else I'm going to be dragging again today ! OYSH !! Good night all- again ! 
baby it's cold outside ! got the day off , got some sun , went to the grocery store .. yeah- hunkering down for the day . Maybe we'll work on one of the Christmas trees today . Hot coffee and a good movie sounds good too ... what to do-what to do ? :-) 
one tree up , one more to go , got to work today , then hockey practice , then some shopping , but more than anything ... I just want to stay in bed and sleep ! 
The husband made it to Germany just fine ... phew ... have tomorrow off , taking the kids out to breakfast and then some shopping before < PROPFEMALE > has to get to class ... planning an easy day !! Oh- well .. outside of my son's 4 hour hockey practice ... then it will be ! LOL ! 
is getting ready to get the kids up , get dressed , then off to breakfast and then a fun-filled day of shopping and family fun time . \dingle-a-ling-a-ling\ " ( it's cowbell time ! ) RISE AND SHINE PEOPLE ... It's time to begin the day !!! :-) " 
I should be sleeping right now .... wonder why I'm not ? 
is going to to try and go back to sleep ... has to be up in a couple of hours for work ! 
is off to shower and get ready for a really nice deep sleep ... there is just something about new clean sheets on a bed and freshly washed blankets ! Hello la-la-land ... I've missed you ! 
WOW- had intended to watch a movie after I showered , but I was so snuggly warm in my bed , that I crashed immediately- IT WAS ONLY 8:45 pm !!! Now it's 2:30 am and I've had my alloted 6 hours of sleep ! Phlbtttt ! LOL !!! Oh well ... maybe if I lie back down ... :-) 
is glad to have her hubby back home , missed him alot , but also gearing up for another hockey tounrament in Minnesota . Go Ice Eagles ... hard to believe that Christmas is only a week away ! OY !! Guess I had better get on that gift buying thing and get those Christmas cards sent out ! 
Hubby is coming home early today to wish us well on our trip .. love him for that ! Whle he was gone- his truck died- can everone say ouch ! Yeah- new fuel pump , and all it's fittings- not to mention the tow bill .. yeah- not what we needed- but it had to be fixed ! 
As an add on- thank GOD I have a job too cause Christmas is coming out of my paychecks not his ! He is such a wonderful man- God knew he was meant to be mine ! 
oh the weather outside is frightful , and my kids are so delightful ... and even though I have places to go ... let it snow , let it snow , let it snow !! LOL !! Yea- I have the best kids on the planet and only God knows how much I love them ! Smooocheis to them all ! 
Presents wrapped , under the tree , meal is planned , a day off to get the rest of the house cleaned ... and with weather as yucky as it is outside .. might as well get the laundry finished , help < PROPFEMALE > with her puzzle and pray that the power doesn't go out again !!! 
Here is my < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone out there on Facebook .. I have met some extrodinary people on here ... May you all have a blessed Christmas with the people you love , a day full of fun , laughter , and special memories ! God Bless ! 
Unfortunately , 97% of Facebook users won't repost this . When Jesus died on the cross He was thinking of you . If you are one of the 3% who will stand up for Him , just repost this ... I'm one of the 3% ... He IS the Reason for this SEASON ! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas ! 
We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? ? ? ? We Wish You A < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... And A Happy New Year !?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... \\" Copy and paste ~ keep the wave going " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone and Happy Birthday Jesus ... we'd be lost without you . Thank you for loving me and for being willing to die for me and my family as well ... we're yours ! 
Alright- here's a question : Do you make your kids eat breakfast first or does breakfast come after the gifts ? 
the gifts are unwrapped , the paper is all thrown away , the floor is vacuumed , the dinner is eaten and put away- now it's time for hot < PROPFEMALE > pie , with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream for dessert ... for me- a hot cup of coffee ! What a blessed day this has been ... everyone happy and content ! Love to everyone out there ! 
Whew ... I don't know what is harder than having 6 days off straight then having to get back into the swing of things by getting up at 4:00 am . The will is strong ... but the flesh is weak ... especially when it's only 8 * outside- Aye Caramba !!! 
so this is what I get for going one whole day without caffeine ... its after midnight and I'm still awake !! What the crap ! I didn't even drink any of it and I still can't sleep through the night ! This sucks ... going back upstairs and trying to go to sleep- today , I'm double dosing the caffeine ... need to make up for yesterday ! LOL !! 
okay so , yesterday I thought death was going to over-take me and i would have welcomed it gladly . No more skipping atleast one bottle of Coke a day- I'm too dependent on it ! LOL !!! < PROPMALE > and I were in Chicago and it was a busted day cause I felt like dog-do so bad . Came home , slept for nearly 12 hours and things are starting to get right again ! OY !!! I shall not come this way again for it pains me so !! 
has decided that in order for her to function at her normal capacity she is going to have to stay addicted to a caffeine source be it coffee , tea , Coke-whathaveyou there is just no way around it ... oh well .. we all have our vices- right ? A full day has gone by and since taking one of said beverages ... all is right in my world again ! Ya do whatcha gotta do to make it through ... Ciao ! 
We , too , have taken down the decorations , thinking out what to have for dinner , and cleaning up the left over mess from all the holidays . Praying for safety and happiness to all my facebook friends ... Happy New Year ... may 2010 top 2009 in all areas of your lives ! 
Happy New Year ... I wish you all more .. happiness , wealth , love and friends ! God Bless and hugs to you all ! 
sooooo looking forward to having the day off tomorrow ... one priority errand , one medium priority errand and about 4 menial errands that if I miss them ... no big deal ! Yay- easy day !!! 
wants to know if a place * outside of Heaven * exists where it's 77 * every day , 60 * at night , clean water , clean air , and no stress but I can still get a cell phone signal and wireless internet ... anywhere like that on earth ? 
is wondering how it is possible for my child to eat popcorn , explain a game move , laugh and breathe all at the same time ... unbelieveable ... AND be understood ... unreal ! LOL ! 
is it just me or are all but a few of the apps on here being stupid ?? I can't get into Mafia Wars , I can't get into Farmville , I can't get my Pet Society to work .... ARE YOU KIDDING ME !!! Would someone please tell me why everytime they \ update or enhance\ " something it stops working ?!?!?! " 
looking forward to having two days off in a row ... DEFINITELY NEED IT ... today- I drugged myself- took the drowsy formula instead of the non-drowsy formula and had to work through it ... now I know why they say \don't operate heavy epuipment when ingesting ... \"" 
pink 
silver lace 
it's time to do some serious cleaning ... off to the mudd-room- it's so full I we can barely get ot the garage door ! LOL ... I hate to admit it- but I think I know where my youngest get's her pack-rat tendencies ! 
is wondering why her migraines have to come on when she has time alone with the girls and has the day off ... any remedies out there for migraines ? I have already taken : Aleve , Ibuprofen , Tylenol sinus headache , and an allergy tablet ... any other suggestions ... please my eyes are about to shoot out of my head . 
kanga-sn-ion ... LOL !!! 
thinks people need to learn to say Thank you a little more often than they do ... remember- if someone does something nice for you and you don't appreciate at - maybe the next time- it won't be so nice ! 
another day done - two more coming up ... residents are in good spirits- makes everything a little easier to deal with . I really love my job ! 
just woke up from a wonderful toasty warm cuddle session with my hubby- he is such a good cuddler- BEST in the world ! I love this man ! 
had a great day today , now- getting ready for bed so we can begin again tomorrow- got lots to do ... keep yourselves safe and warm wherever you may be ! Good night ! 
okay- think i have figured it out- Thank you Thank YOU for all that suggested Excedrine Migraine ... woke up again this morning with another one- that is day 4 now with a migraine- took 4 Excedrine Migraine , had a cappuccino and a bottle of water ... I was good to go ! I hope I can sleep tonight ! LOL ! 
alrighty- I off to get my nails done , pick a few groceries and then wait for the hubby to get home from school ! Cant ' wait to cuddle with my man ! Love you baby !! 
I am so used to my desk top that using my daughter's laptop is just weird ! LOL !!! Got my nails done , dinner done , everyone is full and satisfied .... love those nights at home with everyone at home-snug and warm ! God has given me a wonderful family ! 
Ladies , your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and clear bra colors made the channel 4 news tonight . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > B Kolman foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall - if you participated in the Bra Color Game 
I don't know if it made the news in our area but I participated ! LOL ... thought that was kind of fun ! 
is going to have to leave her friends here and head on upstairs to get ready for work ... have a great day people ... if it's not- remember you can't change anything that has already passed-and tomorrow is always a clean slate ! Holla ! 
is thankful for a great work day and she gets the day off tomorrow ... tonight- it's hockey practice and then laundry- I'm good with it- means my life is full ! 
The moment you feel the neeed to tightly manage someone , you've made a hiring mistake- good people don't need to be managed . 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than dont ! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them !!! COPY AND PASTE IT PEOPLE 
feels like she is living inside a prism ... beautiful to see , but too many surfaces to know which one is the real thing .... 
sn ??? s ? no ? o ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s s ??? ???? ? no ?? n ??? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ?? 
is stalling cause she doesn't want to go into work ... she's enjoyed her time off ! Oh well ... I had better get moving- it's only 6 hours- right ? .... NO . NO ... I don't want to go .. please don't make me .. I'll be good- I promise ! NNNnnnnnnOOoooooo ...... 
made it through the day and now has a day off so all is well with the world ! I'd like to thank my co-workers for being my supporting cast ... and to my family , being the enablers that they are .... I couldn't have done it without you !.. snifff .. snifff .. ( did I win ? ) 
okay- has the day off today- going to run and pay a few bills , then off to the mall for a quick trip , then maybe a tan , and lastly- hoping to be able to get the puppy into the groomer . OMG- the puppy just chewed open a baseball ...?!?!?! When does the chewing end ???? UGH ! 
okay- had a small melt down , had a small time out- got my running done , had an iced coffee ... I'm all good- puppy is fine , kids are still alive ... I think I might have this thing called ' life ' down now ... 
< PROPFEMALE > just bought a new place on YoVille .. still putting it together- but feel free to stop by ! I wish I was there now ! 
on our menu tonight- I am thinking Sweet And Sour chicken with fresh pineapple , served over rice with maybe a tossed salad ... 
my fine is $370.00 ... dang ! 
Thank God it's Friday ... day off tomorrow- planning a low key day that might entail me not even getting out of my pjs !! Sounds like heaven to me ! Blessings facebook family- enjoy the day ! 
I should be getting ready for work right now-but my heart is hurting right now-I just found out that one of sweetest ladies I have EVER known , was battling an ugly cancer and has now passed on . I loved her greatly and she was the epitome fo Grace ... Farewll Diane-you will be missed greatly ! 
thinks having to wake up at 4:00 am on a day off is totally wrong !! Ergo ... I'm going to go back to bed and see if I can get a few more winks before I have to take Moose-zilla to his bath appt . and I get my nails done ! Suz- you crack me up- that's why I love ya ! Hugs ! 
America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter some of those are vets who have served this country , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds and living on dog food , and people dying from illness or going without treatment because they dont have insurance - yet we have a ... benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . DO YOU have the guts to repost this ? -See More 
I am out to prove that at least 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I am right ... Let's lift up His name and make a statement ! When Jesus died on the cross He was thinking of YOU . Sadly 97% of Facebook users will not repost this ... IF you are one of the few 3% to repost this . Praise God He died for you and me ! What an ... awesome thought ~ when He was on the cross I was on his mind . Thanks you Jesus ! 
got back from picking the puppy up from the groomer-not thrilled with that fact that they told me he is only 65% grown right now-he's 8mos and 70lbs !! Then took him up to the Retirement village , he was so good . All those new smells and new people- he was awesome ! 
thinks that everyone needs to remember- if you expect people to respect how you feel , then you need to respect how others feel as well . I find the ones that are the least tolerant are the ones screaming about the INtolerance of others ... 
is going to have a very interesting work week next week .. going to be off 5 days straight- WHAT in the WORLD am I going to do !!!??? I am not going to know what to do !! 
waiting for my honey-love to come home , dinner tonight- this is for you Naj- steak tenderloins , baked potato bar , glazed carrots and a tossed salad !! Can't wait for him to get home ! 
on the stairwell 
a day has gone by and one of God's greatest blessings to us here has been called home ... how the Heavens must be rejoicing to have her back with them . Now it's time to put one foot in front of the other and < PROPFEMALE > on . But oh- the sweetness of memories , of laughter and of tears , of friendship and now of loss ... I will miss her so ... 
had a decent day off ... now it's back to work for the next three days-feeling tired and out of sorts right now-hoping the day will go by fast so I can get home and snuggle with my hubby ; maybe watch a movie and then take a nap ! Yes , folks- this is what happens when your in your 40's and work crazy hours- sleep is priority ! 
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? you ? hope ? gets ? run ? over ? by ? a ? cement ? mixer ? ( it can be MORE than one-if necessary ! ) 
is hopeful that certain situations will work out ... when what looks like a small bend in the road turns out to be a giant \S\ " curve- the only thing you can do is hold on and pray you make it through ... then again- as the song goes \ " .. sometimes Good-bye is a 2nd chance . \"" 
Is thinking she really needs to get off here and get her dishes done- but i don't want to ! LOL !! 
is not happy- flat screen monitor took a dump-having to borrow daughter's laptop to keep up with things-taking monitor in to be fixed ... ugh .. somedays-technology really bites ! I hope it doesn't take long to fix ... already going through Farmville withdrawl .... lol 
Yeah !!! Got a new monitor- bigger than the one we just lost- cheaper than the one we got with the sytem when we bought and a 2 year service plan to boot ! Thank you Lord ... today wasn't starting off too good- and this just made it nice ! 
' s wishing that she could have 5 more days off cause she enjoyed her time off waaaayy too much ! But Monday is coming and with it- a whole new set of hills and valleys ... God , can I please win the Lotto so I don't have to do this anymore ? Pleeeeease ?... I'll wait for your answer ... lol ... 
Well , the weekend went by- Des Moines was a roller coaster ride of emotions- to my son , I love you and you did great ! You scored a goal , you had some great hits , you played your position well- but NO ONE is perfect and things happen ... so-Congrats for having a great weekend- way to go Ice Eagles ... 
is wishing she could stay in bed today under my warm blankets but since God has chosen NOT to let me win the Lotto- it's off to work I go ... atleast the Retirement Home is warm ... why-it's down right tropical .. especially since the residents keep their rooms at 85 * or higher I'm thinkin ' ... 
Hey Illinois ... how'd ya like that little eaerthquake this morning at 4:00 am ? Got things rattlin ' and rollin ' , huh ? It was 100 < PROPMALE > from here so we in the Quad Cities didn't feel a thing ... well .. atleast not in my area ! Exciting stuff for a Wednesday ! 
has reached her limits today- I'm soooooo ready for bed ! I know it's only 5:15 pm right now- but seriously-I'm thinking my iron must be low !! Son has hockey tonight so I am going to have to cart his butt down there again-and Chicago on Saturday for Presidents day tournament all the way through Monday ! The high note- off for 4 days ! Yea BABY ! 
is getting ready to < PROPFEMALE > up with her sister , get dressed and get my nails done , pick up puppy treats , head to the grocery store and then home to pack for Chicago ... really can think of a lot of different ways to spend my next 4 days off ... oh well ... it is what it is ... 
is sooo happy !!! My wonderful hubby sent me flowers- a dozen long stemmed red roses with an adorable < PROPMALE > bear and a small box of chocolates !!! I love love love that man of mine !!! He's the bestest in the whole world ! 
is grateful for atleast one night a week right now when everyone can be home , eat dinner together , and enjoy a movie together ! It was a nice night last night and makes me wish they were all young again so I can keep them home with me . Where does the time go ? 
is sooooooo glad to be home ! Tournament action was great-but once again the officiating was horrible . I don't know where the heck they get these people from but the screening process needs to be reformed-like everything else is that state . We came in 3rd , but probably would have been 2nd ... oh well .. they fought hard-did a great job ! 
can someone please tell me HOW in the world this state can be having the $$ troubles it's having ? You can't get off a ramp or get on a ramp without being charged something and their red-light cameras go off like a person's need to blink- there are millions of cars traveling through the revenue alone must be staggering . Their next toll will be ' thinking about changing lanes ' toll or something stupid like that ! 
I mean no disrespect to the good folks of Illinois- I hate Chicago-between the red light cameras , tolls , inflated gas prices , and all other ways Chicago gouges it's good people-there is no reason for them to be having budget problems ... I tip my hat to the people that live there for putting up with it- but wonder- is it worth it ? 
just found out she doesnt have to work tomorrow-yay me !!! I need another day to recover from the weekend anyway !! 
wants to know -for those who are involved with FarmVille- where are the dogs ? They have other farm animals and some not normally found on a farm-so-what's up with that ? 
the sun is shining , no snow in the forecast and another day off ... let's see ... I wasn't all that productive yesterday .. wonder if today is going to be any different ? LOL !! I DO need to go clothes shopping for the hubby though-so .... SOMETHING will get done today ! :-) 
shouldn't be surprised how some people act , should be offended how others act , and couldn't careless what other people think ... a wise person I know had posted on her < PROPFEMALE > \What other people say about you is NONE of YOUR Business ... today- that has more truth then you know ! " 
can't wait to get home from work and watch the USA men's Hockey team play Canada ... GO TEAM USA !!!! It's time to kick some Canadian butt ! 
For my Friend , Jesus , A new Facebook challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost , I hope I am right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of YOU and me . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost 
today's accomplishments ... all dishes washed and put away- scrubbed my fridge inside and out , got the kitchen floor mopped ! Love those productive days ! What I do hate though- car repair/fix costs ! < PROPMALE>'s truck-again-today only $50.00 - possibly going to be as much as $1k when it's all said and done ! POO-DGU !!! 
has to get to bed- gotta be to work in the morning ... had a relatively good today ! Gettin ' used to this stayin ' home stuff ... lol ... good night fb friends- catch ya on the flip side ! 
today has been nothing less than I expected yet more than I could handle ... is that like a Dichotomy between good and evil ? I can't think anymore right now .... let me know ! lol 
Grateful the day is almost over , looking forward to having tomorrow off-but hoping she still has a job come Friday ! Trust me- it's a long story-you don't want to know ! LOL !! 
Well , it's Friday and so far people I have talked to about what happened last time I was at work have assured me that all is well and I am still gainfully employed ! YAY me ! I hope the sunshines today so the residents will be happy ... how can one be irritated when the sun-i , e ; God's smile- is shining so bright ? It's an enigma ! 
It's Saturday and here I am- stalling before getting ready for work ... no one should have to work on weekends ... remember the days when if you didn't get gas on Friday evening you were out of luck cause everything was closed except churches on the weekends ? Sometimes- I wonder what it'd be like if it was like that again ? I'm outta here ! 
Well , it's Monday- I have no idea where my weekend went- if any of you have seen it- please notify me , I'd like a word please ! So , I'm off to my real job- have worked my farm , my cafe , gone through most of my requests , checked in with my mafia- so I guess my work here is done ... It's Monday- do what you can with it ! LOL ! 
wonders why things have to get harder as one ages instead of easier- especially when it comes to family and vacation time ! UGH ! Trying to make it work when 1/2 of us are going full tilt in opposite directions ... makes things very very difficult ! 
Tuesday ... it is what it is .... lol ! Have a great day out there FB family ! I just want to see the sun again ! Please ? Just alittle ? 
Wednesday .. the day you look forward to cause you know you're half way through your work week but dread cause you know the weekend will be here and gone before you know it .... Today is going to be great ! I have deemed it so- lol- so go with it ! 
well , I have to hit the road for a bit and when I get home , make it look like i have been somewhat productive ! LOL !! Off to get my nails done and maybe bring home lunch ! catch up with in a few , FB family ! 
My day off is just about over with- more than 1/2 way through and I haven't done one thing that is productive ... guess I am going to have to try harder later on tonight . Maybe if I make a kickin ' dinner it will make up for my lack motivation earlier ?! LOL- 
I love it when the seasons start to change- what I hate- is when I feel like death warmed over and I don't get to enjoy it ... like today ... would have loved to have stayed in bed .... it wasn't a good one , FB family- not good at all .... :( 
is hoping she gets a good nap in today-had to get up wayy too early for hubby's flight-but then again , what else are weekends for than relaxing and catching up on sleep ? Right ? 
well ... so much for the nap-I got one- but it was during 2012- what a weird movie- but it only lasted about 15 minutes and then we had to get some things done . OH well ... hopefully tomorrow will be better . My son's last two hockey games of the season- pizza party and then a Mallards game ! Oh yeah ! 
it's raining ... today is the day for the nap ... wait-I won't be home most of the day ... drats !! And just thinking about puppy going outside with all that water around makes me ill to think about him coming back in with muddy paws-ugh .. welcome spring ! 
weekend is gone , didn't get nearly as much accomplished as I wanted to- maybe I'll be more productive during the week ... lol ... nahhhh- probably not ! LOL !! 
soon , today will be but a by-thought in the space of my life and I pray that once it's gone , no other day will resemble it as I knew it .. for it was one not worth remembering ... 
the sun is out , the death grip winter had is finally loosening and we are moving into a new phase ... tomorrow will be better whether the sun is shining or not- because it is my day off and I have nothing to do but focus on me ! LOL !! YAY ! 
alrighty-went and got breakfast for the children , the sun is coming out , going to be 60 * today , got some running to do- so , Im off to get it done ! Hugs FB family- have a great day ! 
today , after work , it's on the rink for my son and his hockey stick ... then home to get some more straightening done b4 the man comes home Friday evening . Tomorrow and Saturday off though- going to be a good weekend !! YEE-HAW !! 
well , no sun , but that's okay-yesterday was very nice !! Daughter is going to take the test today to get her permit !! Hope you do good , sweety ! You will ... you're my daughter ! LOL !! I love you Liss !! 
It's Sunday ... I'm off to work in a few minutes ... hope the day goes by quickly , smoothly , and without a lot of grumbling ... from me OR them ! LOL !! have a great day ! 
Hubby got back safely from Spain , got a couple days rest , but today , he is on the road again ! See ya in afew days sweetheart ... stay safe ! Love you ! Missing you already ! 
it's looking like more and more that foot surgery might be in my future ... this is sooo not cool !! What I wouldn't give to have interchangable parts that can be removed and re-attached with a snap ... woe is me !! :-( 
loved the 4 days of absolutely beautiful weather we had , but alas , I knew it couldn't last- its only March !!! Spring is going to be awesome once it finally decides to stick around !!! 
Well , it was a somewhat of a nice break ... had some nice weather-my youngest turned 13 on Sunday- had a great day ! Now it is official ... 4 teenagers in the house all at once ... God give me strength !! I think life is about to get very interesting ! I think I need a Coke ! LOL ! 
is watching New < PROPFEMALE > right now- AAAHHHHH !!! - I'm loving it soooo much !!! The commentary going through the room right now is almost deafening ! The girls are so chatty ! LOL ! 
has a very busy week ahead of her and looks like most of the time she is going to be a single parent . Hopefully soon , I'll get to spend time with my hubby and get to know his face again- right now- I only recognize the back of his head ! LOL !! 
well , today was my day off and I spent it doing what I always do : cat to the vet for shots and an eye problem , Yukon to the dealer for check up and oil change , kids to the library for book report resources , then to the grocery store , home to put it away and then finally- planning dinner and have some laundry to get done ! 
Okay , so , today I wake up with Pink eye in both eyes ... whasssssupwithdat ? No one else in my house has it- and I get it ! I can't go back to work for 72 hours ! Not cool ! On the flip side- my visit to the dr. s office told me my blood pressure is awesome , my pulse was good and my heart is tip-top ! Excellent ! 
today is Friday , hoping for a better day- going to be on the chilly side but that's okay- it's going to be near 70 on Tuesday --- yeeeeeeee-hhaawwwwwwwwwwww .. 
It's Saturday ... weather's going to be awesome , yard work on the horizon , lots of sun and fresh air ... what could be better than that ? 
Well- it's been nice having the last few days off waiting for my eyes to get back to normal , but now it's time to go back to work ... pray it's good day and goes by quickly- Way to go MI STATE ... ' steam train a rollin ' all night long ... ' WAY TO GO REDWINGS !!! 
WHOO HOO ... MI STATE- you rock !! Let's finish it and make it to the final round ! No looking back ! And Detroit Redwings- everyone thought you were done- way to show them they were wrong !! Let's get ' em ! 
good night facebook family- catch you all on the flip side ! 
on my day off today- grocery store run , BUT FIRST- it's my 2nd daughter's FIRST official day of learning to drive ... she has a good head on her shoulders and should do fine- just like her sister before her- she is a fast learner ! 
okay so , how much should I worry when the first question my daughter asks me , once she is behind the the wheel , is \How fast can I go ? \ " .... lol- she did fantastic ! " 
2nd day off today and am going to make the most of it- have three long days coming up and I hope they fly by ! < PROPFEMALE > did great on her drive this morning-but for some reason , she was more high-strung than she was the first time- lol- it was almost comical !! 
made it through April Fools day with only one person getting me ! Had fun with the residents with green eggs , blue belgian waffles , and pink oatmeal !! LOL- It was a good day , the weather is beautiful- AND , we might have another addition to our family ! 
going to be getting ready for work soon- then two days off ... saw the lady housing the puppy we are looking at- he's adorable ! We are still considering him , but I know a certain someone that really wants him . Keep your fingers crossed and it might happen ! Happy Easter to all ... Thank you Jesus for rising from the tomb to conquer death ! Hallelujah !!! 
Happy Easter Facebook friends ! To those that celebrate the day with sweets and egg hunts- may your baskets overflow !! :=) To those that celebrate for more personal reasons-God Bless you today-who can fathom Such Love ? Hugs ! 
Monday- a bright beautiful day and we are hoping our newest addition will be here today !! We are anxiously awaiting his arrival ! Tonight it's supposed to be rainy and yucky- let's hope he gets here on time ! 
Okay-so , Scout has arrived and he is doing fine . Him and < PROPMALE > seem to be hitting off well and the cats don't seem to mind him ! Now- this weather is starting to concern me-rain with high winds and HAIL-2 different showers in less than 24 hours ! Not liking it ! :=( 
got running to do today-worried about our smallest cat , < PROPFIRST > , he has a pollup on his ear drum or right above it and they are going to try and remove it today-I don't have a good feeling about this-Im praying I'm wrong and thing will be fine ! 
YAY !!! Just got the call from the vet- it's not cancerous- it's out and < PROPFIRST > is going to be just fine ! I'm so happy- Boog is very attached to her < PROPFEMALE > and if he'd been really sick , she would have been devastated ! Yay < PROPFIRST > County Animal Hospital !! 
had a decent day today . Hope you are feeling better < PROPFEMALE > - missed you this morning ! Glad to know that I have the next two days off to get myself together . The next two weeks are going to be looonnnggg ! 
wishes she felt better ... such a beautiful day and I'm going to spend it wishing for unconsciousness with a bunch of pain meds flowing through me- great ! - just great ! :=( 
is off to the grocery store , then to the paint store , then to Lowe's for a new mower and then home again to get started on the to-do list ! It's going to be < PROPFIRST > busy day ! 
why oh why can't I have some one settle a ton of money on my house so we can fix all the things that need to be fixed so we can get out of here- I am sooooo sick of my neighbors !!! OR God- can you drop a tornado on their house ? That'd be good too ! 
off to work today ... got so much done yesterday though ! God didn't answer my prayer- neighbors house still there- so , I guess I'll have to pray for something else like plague or a really nice controlled infestation of their house ! And yes , I have tried several times to like them ... sorry- ain't happenin'! 
day off today but more running to do today-post office , tanning salon , nails done , then come home to take < PROPFEMALE > driving , 2nd coat of paint today , cleaning my room today , also going through closet to find things for a friend ! Tomorrow is going to be a wild crazy day too ! 
getting ready to leave for work ... hope today is a good day and that my sore tootsies will hold up !! Have a great day people ! 
made it through the day in one piece , didn't burn anything , drop anything , or insult anyone- atleast no one I know of ! LOL ... good thing Im off tomorrow- I need the rest ! 
is not starting off the day as she would like .... maybe a Venti Spiced Chai will help me get my state of mind back in line ... I just need to keep telling myself ' I love animals , I love animals .... I really love animals'- then i won't want to kill them ! LOL j/k 
didn't get the spiced chai , but that's okay , got to have lunch with the hubby and that was nice . Today- hopefully will fly by and work will be good . Be good today people , Friday is just around the corner ! 
sweet ... today will hopefully be a good one- MUCh needed after yesterday ! Way To Go Detroit for pulling off the win !!! Keep it goin'! Enjoy the day FB friends .... ;=) 
wishes all days could be as good as Sunday was- work went great , have the day off today-Mo-mo is on the mend and hoping that things continue on this path-a nice , uneventful week would be wonderful-the only downside to the whole weekend- Detroit lost Sunday ... and Crosby isn't in traction or on the injured list ... one can always hope though ! 
It's Tuesday ... one of my busiest days of the week ... let's hope that today goes as well as Sunday and that we get out of work without a headache . Son's got hockey tonight-Redwings playing too- come on guys- You can BEAT PHEONIX ... now let's get this thing done ! GO REDWINGS !!! 
it's TGIF- Detroit has to win tonight- yay- the Senators won !! It's going to be a long day , but hopefully a good one ... soooo glad the weekend is here ! Good day folks ! 
good night- it's been 5 days atleast since I have been able to get on here- hope all is well with everyone out there ... things in this world ... chaotic , frenzied and just plain out of control ... typical day ! Thank God- have the next two days off ! 
okay- so today is my day off- getting my nails done , off to return some items that didn't work out , get some groceries , take < PROPFEMALE > driving , off to tan , then when < PROPMALE > get homes- off to Peoria for < PROPFIRST>'s game tonight . Oh- and one stop off at work ! Yup- my day off ! 
is so glad it's Friday- today would of , could have been soooo much better if people would just learn to be happy- I know it's hard ... but no one said Life was a cake-walk ... thank od for people that who like to laugh ! 
It's \let's go to the store to pick out paint for your rooms kids\ " day ... I'm almost scared to see what they will come up with . The rest of day will be spend washing and priming- yay me ! :=/ " 
okay- so , today and tomorrow off- finishing the sanding and priming- onto the paint and then getting the girl's room back in order once again ! Who said home-ownership was fun ? this is soooooo NOT fun ! lol- in the 80's today- I should be on my deck in my lounge chair with an iced tea in one hand and a good book in the other-whasssupwitdat ? 
well , yesterday didn't pan out too well ... any one know how to smooth a wall that has paint splatters as a design that have been painted over two different time ( and NO- not by me or anyone else in my house ) cause right now- we are using 50 grit sandpaper and it's not working ! Started out using 200- splatters refuse to smooth down ! UGH !!! 
It's Thursday and today is do or die for the RedWings- if God has any mercy at all , He will allow Detroit to win and take tonight's game along with the next three to take the series ! I don't know what I will do with myself if the Wing's hockey season ends early- Oh and Lord- can you please KNOCK OUT PITTSBURGH AS WELL ? - Thanks ! 
It's nice to know that God is listening- :-) - Thank you God !!! Detroit spanked San < PROPFIRST > and yeah !! Pittsburgh lost !!!!! YAYYY !!! Isn't God good ? lol ! 
WOW- that was amazing ! Thank you so very much for all the birthday wishes - you're all amazing ! @ < PROPFEMALE > - loved your song , it was wonderful and I loved the originality- loved the cha cha cha's! @Auntie < PROPFEMALE > - you da ' bomb baby- you know that !! I love you all . I have wonderful friends and family ! 
sorry this is late- happy belated mother's day to all you moms out there ! being a mom just doesn't mean you birthed a baby-it's loving , caring for and helping a child- whether they're yours or not- anyone woman can be a MOTHER- but it takes someone special to be a mom ! Hugs to you all ! 
is glad the day went smoothly- missed talking to you < PROPFEMALE > - not the same when we don't get to chat ! - and am TICKLED TO DEATH that the Pens got knocked out last night by the Canadians !!! Oh yeah- how you like that < PROPFEMALE > Crosby ? Oh yay- doin ' the happy dance ! 
one day off and then it's back to the grind stone ... BUT- I got a lot done today- gotthe rest of my plants in the ground , lawns mowed , new hand rail stained and drying , got all the ceiling edges repainted white after the big paint last week- I hate textured ( i ; e , popcorn blown textures ) ceilings- it's practically impossible to NOT hit the wall ! UGH ! 
today was one lazy day-didn't get home till midnight last night from < PROPFIRST>'s practice , gotup at 4am to get the hubby's bag around for an unscheduled trip to Waterloo for two days , grocery shopping , getting the couch delivered , laundry , lawn mowing and oh yeah- pay some bills ... ugh , some days I wish I was on Gilligan's Island ! 
I might not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest ... Nor do I have the perfect body ... I might not be anyones first choice .... But I am a GREAT choice ... I don't pretend to be someone else .... Cause I am too good at being ME ... I might not be proud of some of the things I've done .... but I am proud of who I am today ! Take me as I am , or ......... don't take me at all ! Copy and post this if you live your life being you 
as much as I love this post , it's time to change it ! I hope all my fb friends have a terrific Monday-meaning the sunshine is shining and life is good to you today ! God bless ! 
made it through the storms last night , < PROPFIRST > had a great game and a great practice ... got the man off to work , the truck loaded-taken to the landfill-unloaded and home , now- it's a little \me\ " time .... what to do-what to do ! lol !! Got lots to do-shouldn't be a problem !! " 
is excited that the after tomorrow- I get a three day weekend . Can't wait to get the < PROPMALE > to enjoy the holiday with my family ! WHOO HOO !! Enjoy the time and remember what it's for !! To the servicemen and women- THANK YOU- again ! 
. I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the republic for which it stands ; one Nation under GOD indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK GOD , OUR COUNTRY , AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT !! Let's see how ...... many < PROPFEMALE > ns will repost ?????? 
wonders why is it that when things are happening along all smooth and nice something inevitably has to come along and screw that up ? I mean- reallY ? I know today is Tuesday- but it totally feels like a Monday ! I just have to remember WHO is in control and that if it doesn't kill me , it will make me stronger .... somehow- that doesn't make it any easier ! 
it's like one step forward and two steps back , no matter what i do-your always mad ... and I can't change your mind .... it's like tryin ' to turn around on a one way street , i can't give you what you want and it's killin ' me ... it's plain to see ... maybe we weren't meant to be .... 
So far away , there lies a place that can't be touched , I hide the pain , but it's stilll not enough ... Time after time I keep running in circles .. I can't deny what is real .... You're the one ... 
\This is my temporary home \ 
We seek pitifully to convey to others the treasures of our heart , but they have not the power to accept them , and so we go lonely , side by side but not together , unable to know our fellows and unknown by them . \ 
| | 
today started off pretty good- got to see < PROPFEMALE > and meet some new people- then as amazing as it seems- it only takes the bad attitude of one to make it rotten for everyone else- and it seems I was their target ... I got three words for ya- GET OVER IT ... cause I'm WAYYY over you ! 
knew today was going to be much better and it was ! Didn't get to see my < PROPMALE > , but it's okay- I'll see her soon enough ! Had lots of laughs with the residents , my co-workers today- and am thinking that Friday is going to be a good one too ! 
it's Sunday , may God be with all of you today in a special way ... I'm off to work ... God Bless ... 
got through the day and the nasty little hurricane that passed by- now the reward- 2 days off and only a few errands to run on those days ! Oh yeah ... can't wait ! 
rain , rain , go away ... come again another day .... sssOooooo tired of water falling from the sky ... going through a serious Vitamin D drought ... 
my second day off and here we g o-o il change for the Yukon , post office , tanning , nails , bookstore run , after a little break-son has hockey game in peoria gotta leave and will be getting home late-construction stinks ! busy busy busy ! 
going back to work ... hope everyone has a great day ... or what's left of it is good- this weekend is going to be a blast- hope all you dads are ready for it ! God bless- people- ... 
had a fantastic day today-wish they could all be as smooth ! Weather is beautiful- thank you God for this terrific day for I know that come tomorrow-a repeat it will not be .... 
“ I am here to seduce you into a love of life ; to help you to become a little more poetic ; to help you die to the mundane and to the ordinary so that the extraordinary explodes in your life . ” 
“Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option” 
“There are not many things in life so beautiful as true friendship , and not many things more uncommon . ” 
A man only becomes wise when he begins to calculate the approximate depth of his ignorance . 
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not ; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for ... 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there , including my own wonderful dad- lol- I wouldn't be here without you ! 
so does it constitute as a good start to a Monday when you get a ticket for a rolling stop-and you haven't even left the gated area you live in ? Jut wondering ... cause if this is the kind of day it's going to be ... I'm going back to bed ! 
hard to believe that we only have a week and a half and July is here- I feel like we are in fast forward motion ... where the heck did May go or the first part of June for that matter ! Christmas won't be far behind at the rate we are going ! Ugh ! 
is so glad she made it through the day- now to get some other work done before the weekend gets here . Son did very well tonight at hockey practice , trip home was good too- but we all know that tomorrow is going to be here sooner than we like so- hasta la noche mis amigos ! - Adios ! 
Good night- if it ever stops raining long enough to dry out- I think I'll pass out ! This is ridiculous .... nearly two solid weeks of rain ... I'm really over this weather ... really- it can stop any time now ! 
what the crap is up with these stupid Refs !!! Ugh !!! They disallowed another goal for the US ... absolutely ridiculous !!! I say we bring out the hungry lions and let go after them ! teehee-j/k ... sort of ! 8-) 
WHHOOOO HOOOOO- USA USA USA USA USA -- OH YEAH !!! DOWN TO THE WIRE AND THEY DID IT !!!! Even when the odds are against us- we still come out STRONG !!! Way to go U.S. Soccer Team !! 
when life starts getting out of control- take time to stop and look at what blessings you do and how much your friends and family means to you- after all- that's what important most- the impact you leave on the family after you're gone ! 
wow-whew , I was worried we weren't going to get more rain and we might actually have the < PROPMALE > to dry out .... never fear , there is more rain on the way and possible severe storms ... just in the < PROPMALE > of time ! --- poo-dgoo 8-( 
another weekend practically over and now it's on to work ! Have a wonderful day FB family and God bless your endeavors for the day ! 
wants to let a certain family in our hockey community that is having to deal with a horrible tragedy right now- the loss of a family member- that they are in our prayers , our hearts .. we hope your family knows how much they are loved and by how many . 
had a decent day today- we think we have decided what route we are going to take with my 16 year old and her dental issues ... opting out of the surgery and going to try just the expanders and braces ... gotta remove a coouple of teeth- but prayerfully- this will help her and she will be her normal self !!! YAY !! 
' s schedule is so confused right now , I don't even know what day it is ... got up thinking it was Sunday again ... GOT to get back on my normal work schedule ... hopefully next week ... today is going to be my Monday- God .. please be kind- amen ! FBook family- have a great day ! 
has the day off , BUT has to go in anyway cause she has to renew her stats on dementia training and blood born pathogens , plus kitchen safety issues and cross contamination- yeah- sounds like FUN to me ! Better stop off and get a HUGE boost of caffeine- think I'm gonna need it ! Hugs FBook family ! 
thinks that having pets is wonderful but the cost of keeping them healthy is killing me ! I am trying to wrap my head around the cost of cleaning our cats teeth- seriously-it didn't cost me THAT much to have everyone in my family's teeth cleaned ! WHATEVER !!!! 
getting ready for work , it's Thursday , not too long from now the weekend will be here and then : LET THE HOLIDAY FESTIVITIES BEGIN !!! WHOO HOOO !!... Granted , I have to work on Sunday- but that's cool- it's time and a half ... I thinki ... lol ! 
It's Friday people ... my wish/prayer for everyone today is that they have a wonderful weekend with great weather , fun ge t-t ogethers , out of this world fire works display and a new found love and respect for this country- from where we have been to where we are going . Thanks again to our Brave men and women who are fighting to keep us safe and free ... God bless ! 
today has been wonderful !! Got lots done around the house , got to spend one on one time with my man , going to have an easy dinner and then a restful evening ! Come the morning , I'll be ready for work !! Happy 4th of July facebook friends- love to you all ! 
got two days off-so after running to the library and then to the IWireless Center for tickets to the < PROPFEMALE > Wars Extravaganza , maybe just a quick tanning session and then relax the rest of the day ... Peoria tonight so gonna need my afternoon power nap ! LOL ! 
woke up this morning with a terrible headache and the wish that these stupid weather patterns would sort themselves out- the air pressure is about to make my head burst ... ugh .. I think if i was to sneeze really hard right now- I might be able to shoot my eyeballs across the room .... not good people-not good ! 8-( 
wow- made it back from Minnesota-dropped off my son for a two week hockey camp ! It was a beautiful area but it was 8and 1/2 hours away !!! Didn't think we were ever going to get there !! < PROPMALE > and I got some quiet time alone and that was wonderful ! Am very happy that we don't have to make the drive again though till the 23rd !! Miss you son ! 
whoo hoo- it's girl day ! With < PROPMALE > at work and < PROPFIRST > in Minnesota ... we are going to have some fun today- just in doors cause it's gonna be a scorcher today ! 
whew -- is it blazin ' out there ! Just got home from the ' girl day'- got my nails done , they shopped while I was doing that , then the bookstore , bed bath and beyond , Old Navy , and then Dairy < PROPFEMALE > ! Got some great deals and had a good time with my girls !! Love girl day ! 
Have the day off today- got some things that need to get done before the big road trip back to Minnesota to get Chris ... it's been very quiet since he's been gone ... and I know his sisters have missed him ! 
DOES ANYONE ON HERE KNOW HOW TO GET TECH HELP FOR FACEBOOK- NOT THE GAMES- LIKE LOG IN HELP ... MY DAUGHTER'S ACCOUNT HAS BEEN DISABLED FOR THE 3RD TIME FOR NO REASON ... GETTING A LITTLE SICK OF THIS ... ANY HELP WOULD BE GREAT !!! 
why is it that I can't seem to stay asleep when it's all I really really want to do ? This is getting soooooo old .... I have a feeling today is not going to be the most productive day ! ugh ! 
HEY EVERYONE -- MY DAUGHTER-MALISSA KELLER- HAD HER < PROPFEMALE > HACKED AGAIN- SO CAN ALL OF YOU GREAT PEOPLE OUT THERE WHOM HAVE FRIENDED ME FRIEND HER TOO ... AGAIN ? SHE IS TRYING TO GET HER STUFF BACK ... GAMES TOO ! THANK YOU ! 
is so excited- going to pick up < PROPFIRST > today !! He's been gone since July 11th and I have missed him sorely ! TOTALLY NOT looking forward to the 8 and 1/2 hour drive to get him- but hopefully it will go fast ! Have a terrific Friday FB family ! 
yay made it home ! we were gone one day and yet it seems longer ! < PROPFIRST > was blown away by his room being redone while he was gone . He loved it ! Still have some things to but A+ all around . All the while his sisters made him think that they took over his room for a game room and that he was bunking with the dogs ... too funny ! 
after a very full weekend , it's Monday-no one likes Mondays-but we have to get through it if we ever want to see Friday so , have the best one you can today- hugs to you all ! 8-) 
made it through Monday and how the heck do I get to end my day- with friggin ' attitude ? I don't think so .... seriously ... UGH ! 
okay , really- I just have a few words to say ... I am SICK AND SOOOOOO OVER humidity and hot temps !!! I am sure many of you feel the same way ... thank you for listening ! 
has made it home from son's hockey practice in one piece ... now it's off to bed cause we have work tomorrow !! It's hump day- gotta love hump day-it's what makes the slide-ride to Friday more enjoyable ! Good night Facebook family- sweet dreams ! 
is so glad that it's Friday ... now I just have one day to enjoy before I have to go back to work , one more drive to Peoria then done for a bit , the hubby is going to traveling alot over the next week and a half ... I'm thinking the house work and the laundry can go < PROPFEMALE > for a few days !! Just the thought makes me happy ! LOL ! 
glad it's Sunday ... had a decent night's sleep and is ready to deal with the people at the retirement home ... was it a full < PROPFEMALE > last night ? I hope no t-t hey tend to act a little nutsy the next day ! lol- oh well ... they are all good people- hope < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are working today- they're the best ! God bless FB family ! 
it's Monday and let's just say that if the things that happened yesterday continue today ... well , I'm putting it out there that I am NOT responsible for my actions or words ... there might be bodies left by the wayside ... I'm just saying ' 8-) 
it's rainy , it's humid , and I've been up most of the night .... yup , thinkin ' today may be the day I go to jail ... gotta get ready for work ... Live it up today FB family ! 
Okay so , all three cars need oil changes , mine needs new rear brakes , < PROPMALE>'s needs ball joints , < PROPFEMALE>'s needs tires , garage door needs a new belt , tuition is coming due and I still have grocery shopping to do but can't get work off to get it done .... anybody got any extra $100's lyin ' around- I was just wondering .... 8-) 
I PLEDGEALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OFAMERICA AND TO THEREPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITHLIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . ( I grew up sayingthis every morning inschool--it's a shame we no longer do this for fear of offending ......... someone ) . NOW , LET'S SEE HOW MANY AMERICANS WILL REPOST 
made it through whatever it was yesterday that was trying to kill me -- 24hr bugs are horrible the older one gets . Couldn't believe how fast it came on and how quick it put me down ! Feeling better though so I'm off to work -- hopefully no relapses ! Have a great Weekend all you Fantastic people ! 
okay so I for yesterday off to recover for another day-but now I have to work Saturday AND Sunday meaning I have no weekend at all to enjoy ! That stinks ... it's going to throw me off all week long too . OY ! OK- done whining about ... just got < PROPFEMALE > do whats I got < PROPFEMALE > do ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Turnbull-Hanagan PASSINGALONG INFO ...... FOX 5 NEWS REPORT : ATTENTION ... DO NOT JOIN THE GROUPCURRENTLY ON FACEBOOK , WITH THE TITLE .. \BECOMING A FATHER OR MOTHER WASTHE GREATEST GIFT OF MY LIFE\ " .. THIS IS A GROUP OF PEDOPHILES WHOSE AIM IS TO ACCESS YOUR PHOTOS . PLEASE COPY AND POST THIS TO YOUR STATUS " 
it's day 4 with this head cold and it's still holding on strong . I wonder at what point sinus tablets/headcold tablets become useless in the fight ... I think I might be at that point now ... ugh ! 8-( 
I think I have finally rounded the bend and am getting over this head cold ... I have 2 days off and am going to use it to my advantage ! It's so incredibly hot and HUMID outside ... yuck ! - can't wait until Fall is here ! Oh yeah---that's my thrive time ! 
getting together my wish list : a new F-350 fully loaded-silver and black , the 32ft camper we picked out last year , the $500.00 skates my son wants , the cars my two daughters want , and rest of the money it will take finish the remodel on my kitchen and bathes . That isn't asking too much , is it ? lol ... 
well ... I have tomorrow off , but I have a ton of things to get done ... have a great night FB family and sweet dreams ! Ang- eat a brownie for me ! Krystale- I've called ahead and let the LAPD know that you're not a stalker ... they said bring donuts and they'll look the other way ! 8-) 
had a decent day at work despite getting there late yesterday , then waited for < PROPMALE > to get home then took him to dinner- it was a nice night ! We both came home full and exhausted ... all in all- a great day ! 
made it through the day despite the fact that some of he residents were seriously crabby ! So , dinner to be made and then relaxing the rest of the night ! AAhhhhhh ...... 
know when that little voice inside you tells you to stop the action you are about to take and you ignore it and do it anyway-next time- LISTEN !!! Trust me- it will be better for you if you do !! Glad today is OVER !!! 
is wishing that she has < PROPFIRST>'s magic beans cause then I would plant them and grow that stalk that leads to the gold ... the money tree I tried to plant isn't working !!! 8-( ... anybody got any ideas ... that are legal-LOL- and not immoral ?! LOL ! 
if the past is behind us and the future before us , why is it that always have the urge to walk backwards-looking where we were and not where we're going ? 
is still reeling from the news I got when I got home ... my mother passed away Friday ... words escape me right now and the hollow feeling in my stomach makes me just want to sleep but I can't .... I'll miss you , mom , and I'll always love you ! 8-( 
has been having so much fun remembering the old days and remembring the times with mom and all she has meant to us , her life , and what she was all about . < PROPFEMALE > and I have been going through old photos ... my how the years have flown by . 
is finally home from my mother's funeral ... it was beautiful , she looked beautiful , and the whole ordeal is over ... I will miss her but am happy now that she is not suffering from all her health problems ... I love you mommy ... forever .... 
is enjoying her 2nd day off with nowhere to go ... trying to get the life back to normal ... it's hard though- I can hear my mother's voice sometimes during the day ... I still can't believe she is gone ... 8-( 
went back to work today ... it was weird ... can't explain why ... I think sleep deprivation is setting in and I keep thinking- I have to work tomorrow , Sunday and Monday .... huh- wonder how long I can hold our b4 I crack ! lol ... we shall see !! 8-) 
kick off day today ... hoping the Hawks do well , not sure if the Wolverines are playing today- but if they are GO WOLVERINES !!! LOVE FOOTBALL SEASON ... it means HOCKEY SEASON is right AROUND THE CORNER !!! WHOO HOOO !! 
it's Labor Day ... so I'm off to work ! Hope everyone has a great day and enjoys the rest of their 3 day weekend ! Mazel tov !! 
pphhllbbttt !..................... nuff said ! 
Okay ... so , I can say that it wasn't quite the ppphhllbbtttt ... just happy that it's Friday and the sun is out- the trees are turning colors , the farmers are whacking down the corn stalks ... HHmmmm .... it's time for a change ! YAY !! 
Saturday has come and gone ... way to go Wolverines !!! Love it when they win ! Way to go Hawks too ! It's time for work again ... let's hope today the Octogenarians are in good moods ... it makes for a better day ... trust me ! 
oh allergies .. why must you attack me when I am at my weakest .. why must my head continue to fill with gucky stuff that makes my sinuses swell feeling so dry yet draining constantly making me think that at any minute I could sneeze causing my eyes to fly out of my head across the room ... why ? WHY .. WHY ?????... okay- getting out the drugs . 
is feeling much better after coming down with the 24 hour flu and being dangerously dehydrated ... don't ever want to feel that way again ... note to self .... DRINK MORE WATER !!! Thank God I have a super boss who was ready to take me to the emergency room herself ! But I'm back and good to go ! Thank you Meg ... wuvs you ! 
I'm fluent in three languages : English , Sarcasm , and Profanity ... LOL-J/K !!! 
likes '' MOM ! i can't find it '' '' if i come up there & i'll see it .. you're dead '' ''' ........... found it .... 
SOOOO happy it's Friday ... games this weekend- it's going to be fun to see him play again ! Let's go Rivermen !!!! 
is back from a great weekend ... we tied 2 and lost one , all in all .. these kids played their hearts out and did an awesome job !! Way to go Peoria !! 
had a very sad day at work .... two of our dear residents passed away and they will be missed very much ... my prayers to their families ... hopefully tomorrow will be a happier day . 
is so glad that the day is almost over and I get the day of tomorrow ... next week- I may not get a day off ... THAT is going to be a rough week ! OY ! 
had the day off ... missed < PROPFIRST>'s game though- CONGRATS RIVERMEN for their 8-0 win today ! That's awesome ! Way to go team ! 
wonders why can't people be nice to other people ... is it < PROPFEMALE > hard just to be kind to others ? I mean really ... is it really that hard ? I guess I am guilty of the same thing s0 ... may be it is that hard .... 
Happy Anniversary sweetheart- we have been together for 23 years today ! You are the light in my eye , the spring in my step , the song in my soul , and all that fills my heart ! I thank God for you everyday and love you more now than ever !.... so where are you taking me for dinner ? LOL ! 
thanks to all of you that wished us well ... and the day was great . He got to come home early from work . The only thing that didn't happen was the ' out to dinner ' ... but it's cool- we have both been so burned out that we fell asleep for nearly 3 hours ! LOL ... that's just pathetic ! I'll take it though- it was a nice nap ! 
Hey FB friends , my daughter < PROPFEMALE > needs some more friends ... AND if you are playing Farmville or Petville and haven't already friended her on there- could you please help her out ... she's had to start these apps over three times now -right at crucial times- thank you for helping her out- in advance ! Have a great Saturday !! GO BLUE !!! 
Good Morning FB family ... today is a special day ! 10-10-10 .... I hope it's filled with blessings on you all and that today is a great day ! God Bless ... 
is soooo excited ... her sister is recovering nicely -hope to talk to her today , my new camera got here yesterday !!! I have the day off and I have two black&white movies to watch ! And seeings how I don't have a car to go anywhere- I might as well enjoy ! 
anyone else having trouble loading farmville or the other aps on here ? 
looks like today is going to be a double-header !!! < PROPFIRST > has a game today- GO PEORIA !!! - and all the family is going- WHOO HOO !! Then we are taking in the home opener for the Mallards tonight too !!! Going to be a looong-but fun day !! BUT FIRST- grocery shopping ! 
okay- so , went to my son's game- they rocked !!! Way to go Peoria !!! The girls had a good time and it was fun ! The 2nd half of the day .... phhhllbbttt ... alls I have to say is- if the Mallards keep playing like they did last night- I'm done ! I got three words for ya - SHOOT THE PUCK !!!!! can't score if you don't SHOOOOOTTT !!! < PROPFEMALE > deserved to win ! 
2 days off in a row ... the foreboding feeling I'm having is NOT a good one ... not sure if i want them to drag so I get to enjoy my time off or if I want to them to fly by so this feeling will go away .... hope you all have a great day out there today ! 
It's finally Mommy's week ! Repost with the date you first became a Mom ... ' 91 , ' 93 ' , 95 ' , 97 
guess I'll go watch my latest acquisition from the library .... it's called \Homicidal \"- a 1950's thriller ! Said to be better than \ " Psycho\ " .... we'll just have to see about that ! " 
got to watch my movie- for a ' 50's flick- it was pretty good . The best part is that it IS the movie I saw at 3:00 am about 6 months ago and couldn't remember the title to ... if you're into Noir thrillers- you got to see ... \Homicidal\ " ... good flick ! " 
back to work today ... can honestly say I enjoyed the last two days off and am finding it very hard to get up and get going ... I could see staying home every day- for about a 2 weeks- then I'd be stir crazy so .... hi-ho-hi-ho-it's-off-to-work-I-go! Have a great Thursday everyone- Remember the weekend is right around the corner ! 
yesterday was a good day-got the cars all cleaned out ! Today it's back to work . I have to miss my son's games in Chicago- GO Rivermen-clean HOUSE !! - but the flip side is- it's girls day and I am getting nails done after work ! God Bless your day Fb family ! 
It's Monday- for those of you unaware of what's going on- so buckle up and < PROPFEMALE > on ... oh- and Congrats to the Rivermen for winning BOTH games played yesterday- you guys ROCK ! Check ya on the flip side face book family ! 
today is going to a weird one ... hubby is out of town , have to take my son to hockey practice tonight- but first- a drs . office visit ... let's hope the news is good ! lol ! 
well .. dr was some what positive- no hernia , possible hiatal hernia , waiting on blood work to come back ... pulse and blood pressure perfect . Gotta keep positive- thyroid maybe a problem though ... got my gastro consult Nov 10th ! Yay me .... not ! 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One of my facebook friends challenged all believers to put this on their wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you infront of my father , at the Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , repost this . 
my bed beckons to me and with work coming early in the morning ... I think i will succomb to it ... good night Facebook family ... sweet dreams to you all ! 
Wow- the night flew by ... then again so did my days off ... oh well , it's back to the grind stone ... have a great Thursday people ... Friday is just around the corner ! 
see .. i told ya- Friday has already come and gone and now it's Saturday- my weekend is half over already ! Have a great day people- son has a game today- let's go Rivermen !!! 
well ... weekend's over for me- back to work- son's team won yesterday despite being laden with penalties- way to go Peoria !!! keep up the great work ! 
just got one question ... people are pushing around a baby stroller with a < PROPFEMALE > tot in it- going trick or treating ... just exactly WHICH ONES are getting the < PROPFEMALE > ? The kid with maybe 6 teeth dressed up in costume OR the parents pushing the kid around after dark ? I'm just sayin ' .... 
nite-nite FB family ... tomorrow we have 2 months left in 2010 ... it's officially the holiday season ... time to break out the festive music ! Sleep tight and have a great Monday ! 
Okay peeps ... the day is dawning- it's Monday- this is your one and only warning so- be careful out there ... personally- I think Mondays should have warning labels : Warning- the day you are about to embark on may leave you scarred and irreparably damaged ... proceed with caution . LOL- have a good day ! 
made it through the day !!! WHOO HOOO ... next two days off to veg and get some work done around the house !!! LOVIN ' it !! Might be able to get some serious fb gaming done too ! LOL ... j/k .. too much other stuff to do ! 
it's HUMP DAY !!! WHOO HOO ... things are changing all around us ... talking about possible snow flurries soon .... heck ya baby !!! Love this time of the year ! 
okay- it's time to get some things done around here- check ya in a few family- have a great day ! 
can't believe my two days off are almost gone .. oh well ... thankful for the ones I had . Have a great night- stay warm where it's cold and chill where it's hot ! I'm off to figure out dinner ! 
okay- washer running , dinner done : home-made teriyaki chicken with water chestnuts and pineapple over a bed of brown rice- that's what Liss and I had- the other two had oven baked bbq chicken with mashed potatoes . Yummy ! 
today has been pretty good ... cooked the big noon meal at work- everyone LOVED it !! - now I have the rest of the evening to watch the Redwings , then tomorrow off ... short run to the store , then to the library , orientation for < PROPFEMALE > at her new job , then hockey practice for the boy .... yup .. gonna be a busy day ! Hugs to everyone ! 
headaches ... the body's way of saying \Got plans ? NOT TODAY !!! \ " ... ugh- can't get rid of it ... been 13 hours and nothing is working ... pphhbblltt !! " 
well ... got the blood work bad from the docs office ... thyroid levels-good , sugar levels-good , white blood cell count-good .... cholesterol level-elevated ! Rats ! Oh well ... we'll see how it goes ! 
Good morning FB family ... it's HUMP DAY !!! So , all of you out there have a great day and keep in mind we are on the downward slide - Friday is just around the corner !! WHOO HOO !!! 
made it through the day , now , just 2 more days to go and it's the weekend ! WHOO HOO !! Got a couple days off this next coming week ... hoping they prove to be very productive ! < PROPFEMALE > on folks- Friday's almost here ! 
We made it !! It's Friday !!! You all know what that means ... so enjoy the day , put up with what you have to put up with , smack the ones you can't put up with ... just till quitting time- then it's the weekend ... savor it cause it won't stick around long ! Have a great day ! 
Yesterday was crazy ... but good ! Son's team did a great job and won their game 3-2 despite some very-very bad calls ... good grief ! Today- it's back to work- hope they kick butt today against the Sabres ... this is a team of some extraordinary young men ... GO PEORIA !!! 
Well ... that weekend blew by ... lol- oh well , son's team won both games and are riding a high right now ... pray they can keep it going ... one more day of work for me and then 2 glorious days off ... WHOO HOO !!! I guess THIS will be my weekend ! LOL !! 
it's my second day off and today we are raking leaves , a few errands and then the rest of the day to relax ... got lots done yesterday-yay me- so , today is a day of ease ... well , it will be after we rake about a million leaves ! LOL ! 
I don't care how good of shape a person is in ... and I don't care how much \fun\ " someone says it is .... they lie ! RAKING LEAVES IS NOT FUN !!!!!!!!!!!!! @ < PROPFEMALE > - I feel for ya lady- I only have one two trees to clean up after- I can't imagine what your arms must be feeling like ! OY !!! " 
ppphhbbbbllllttttt ... nuff said ! 
is so glad it's Friday , but at the same time , I realize I have only one day of work left with a person that has come to mean alot to me ... so sweety , and you know who you are- I will your smiling face and thank you for all the laughs !! I consider you one of my best friends- hugs and good luck ! 
was starting to believe that there was NEVER going to be a light at the end of this tunnel ... but yesterday- I saw a glimmer of light and now my hope is somewhat restored ... God give me the strength to make to the end ... that's all I'm askin'! 
.... just when I thought is was safe to start thinking happy thoughts- WHAMMO- my little light that I was holding tight to just got flushed out yet again .... ppphhhlllbbttt ! 
it's a new day ... which means a clean slate and a better state of mind ... get to work with two of my favorite people today so hoping for a good day at work ! Have a great day everyone ! 
In the last few weeks , I have had so many not good things happen that now that we are on the upswing of it all , I can say I am thankful-thankful for a hard working , loving husband , kids that surround me with love and and laughter , a roof to keep out the cold , and to be with people that love me in spite of myself . Thank you God for the blessings you give me but I overlook or take advantage of-it's more than I deserve . 
I said before I was thankful .. and I am , but let me say it now if I didn't earlier- Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends and family out there- be safe and have a great day ! 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Keller for sending me Thanksgiving Costume . I really like it ! 
had a very nice Thanksgiving ... now it's off to work today ... thankful I don't have to go out and fight the crowds ... no sale is worth losing sleep over- sorry ladies and gents- but just can't make myself do it ... so be nice to each other out there !! 
really would like to understand why some people can get their Farmville app to work and I can't .... don't make no sense ! It's been all day- how long does it take to fix this problem ! 
UGHHHHH !!!! Still can't get to my farm .... Come on !!! I think for everyone that is not able to sign on to Farmville- they ought to get a ton of farm cash , bumped to the next level automatically or both !!! Unbelieveable ! This is how I relax b4 work .... today is not going to be a good day ... I can tell already ! 
WHY WHY WHY WHY ~~~~ why can't they let me back on my farm .... don't they understand how much I like it there , how much my animals need me ? Why can't they fix this stupid problem and let me get back to my happy place !!!! UGH !! 
okay- so like- can SOMEONE please get ahold of Farmville and let them know that my farm needs me and I have to get back to it or I'll die !!! Please- really- I can't take it anymore ... I want to go to my farm !!!!... okay-I'm over it ... for now ! lol 
YYYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY .... IT'S BACK !! I AM SO HAPPYYYYY !!!!! :-) 
as of right now- I feel officially old ... how pathetic is that- I'm not even 42- and yet ... I have reached a stage in my life where I never really truly thought I'd reach ... pphhbbllltt ... from here on out- it's nothing but < PROPFEMALE > comments ... lol 
vodka ... whatever !!! LOL 
is hoping for a good night's rest so that come tomorrow- I can be at my best to do absolutely nothing ! LOL ! 
oops ... I read mine wrong- LOL- yeah- Beer ! - not that it matters ! LOL ..... had ya going there for a second didn't I ! LOL !! 
knows it's cold outside and wishes she could stay in her jammies all day but alas- another drs . appt . awaits me ... think after I'm done I'll treat myself to a Venti sized Spiced Chai Latte ... MMmmmmm ... yummy ! 
one more day down and tomorrow it's FRIDAY !!!!!!!!!!!! YAY !!! The weekend ... gotta love it ! We are supposed to get 4-5 inches of snow on Saturday into Sunday- yes , < PROPFEMALE > , there is a winter and it's comin ' my way !!! WHOO HOOO !! 
IT'S FRIDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now I know we have all been looking forward to this day- so -now that it's here , let's make the most of it and the couple of days that follow so that when Monday rolls around it won't be quite as bad ... do whatcha gotta do to make it great !! Off to work- have a great one people ! 
baby it's cold outside- but it's sooooo pretty ! 
okay peoples , just to let you know-I'm not doing Cityville .. lol .. I barely have enough time to work my farm , decorate in Yoville , and keep up with my Mafia ... another one would just kill me so thanks for all the invites but I can't-please don't waste another request on me- but the other three-yeah , keep them coming ! 
I finally got the tree up ! It's beautiful ! I can't believe it took me this long ... right now- supposed to be watching a movie with the girls but I need to be getting to bed- work in the morning ! Just glad to have that part of it over ! 8-) 
more snow ... lol ... go figure ! Lovin ' this white Christmas ! 
beautiful packages and festive trees can never take the place of the love we receive from the people in our lives so lets enjoy the gifts but make sure we appreciate the ones that touch us every day- < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my Facebook family ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone .. I wish you joy , peace , happiness , good health , and prosperity in 2011 !! 
okay farmville junkies ... if you are on my list and I sent you an invite for the party- please please please accept it ... I'm beggin ' ya ! LOL !!!! Thank you and have a HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! 
well .. finally got ALL the results back from the docs and I am happy to say that right now- as of today- I am breast cancer free .... had to had more images taken cause of a mass they thought they saw- turns out to be a mass of fibrous tissue ... I can't tell you how relieved I am ! :-) 
MY PROMISE TO MY CHILDREN : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound .. because I LOVE YOU ! When you understand that , I will know you are a responsible adult . You will never find someone who loves you , cares about you , and worries about you more than your mom ! Copy and paste if you are a mom 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a brat , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months ( or even years ) apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are ? ? ? 
got the day off today and I'm taking < PROPFEMALE > to the campus bookstore to get her books ... then to the bank , then to Walmart for some filters , last stop Michaels ... rest of the day is up to me ! :-) 
WHY do school books have to cost sooooo much ? And WHY is it that a \new edition\ " which might have a new cover and a couple more or maybe a few less charts in it < PROPFIRST > the price up $100.00 - I just don't get it ... spent over $500.00 ! -and that's used !! " 
well ... only thing on the schedule today is a trip to the nail salon , and then gotta take < PROPFEMALE > to work later . Maybe I'll shampoo the rugs today ! 
Dear Farmville administrators ... please stop screwing with my app or better yet , make it so I stop having problems getting to my farm ... it stalls , it fails , it won't load , it won't run ... are you willing to refund my coins that it cost me when I planted my crops ? I shouldn't have to use my unwither just because your app works fine one time and then won't the next !! UGH ! 
? Husband & Wife Week : If you have a mate who is Your best friend , who works hard for You , who has been with You through thick and thin , ( literally for me !! ) who loves You even when You're at your worst , and whom You are PROUD to be Married to , Copy and Paste this with the date You were Married !! 1 0-0 6 
what a great way to start a MOnday- woke up with a migraine AND a snow advisory ! I'd rather stay in bed ... but I'm off to work ! Have a great day fb Family ! 
I may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyone's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am or watch me as I walk away ! 
when the weather is cold outside and it's all nice and dark ... there is NOTHING better in the world than cuddling up with the one you love ... oh how I love that man of mine ! 
it's FRIDAY !!!! make the most of it , you only get 24 hours and 7 of them are already gone ! WHOO HOO !! 
watched two movies tonight with the girls- one was excellent , the other sort of okay- now it's time to hit the sheets ... tomorrow ? Just me and Marybeth ... wonder what we'll do ? 
Dear Spring ... it's been a long time since I've seen you , hope you are planning on coming for a visit soon . Right now , old man winter is about to remake his appearance again no matter how many restraining orders I file ! 
well ... depending on where in the quad cities you live- we got between 11 and 17 inches of snow ... extreme cold temps and high winds ... Hhhmmmm .... I'm thinking it's a hot cocoa , movie day with the occasional nap along the way ! Stay safe people ! 
well , it's been wonderful and if I could stay longer , I would ... but my pillow is calling my name and I am loathe to ignore it .... see ... we are very close and I don't get to spend that much time with it as it is so I wish you all a great night- a super Fantastic Friday and a SPANKIN ' Super Bowl Weekend ! GNite ! 
it's Friday !! live it up [ people ... you only get 24 hours and -depending on where you live- 7-8 are already gone ! Have a great day !!! 
hey hey hey , the weekend is finally in full swing ... gotta make the most of the time I have cause I gotta work Super Bowl Sunday ... and my son has a game in Chicago that I am going to miss- that stinks ... oh well ... ENJOY IT while it's here ! 
okay ... all these posts from to all these people- I DID NOT do this ... don't do this !! I can't remove them either !!! Sorry to all that got hit ! Stupid !!! 
baking peanut butter cookies with hershey kiss droplets in the middle , and then chocolate chip cookies with mini reese cups in them ! MMMmmMMMM !!! 
steak fajitas with nachos , refried beans , con queso , and sour cream ... sooooo glad to have dinner made so I can watch the Redwings- go Detroit ! 
I think the vain in my forehead is about to explode from the stress level I am dealing with by keeping my mouth closed about a certain situation !!! UGH !!!!! 
trying not to think about what is instore for the day ... sooo tired ... home at 12:30 am , alarm went off 4 hours later ... UGH !! .. I want to go back to bed !!! I can hear my pillow calling my name .... we never seem to spend enough time together ! 
just got back from having a family dinner with everyone there for the first time in a while- it was great ! I wasn't too happy with the 40 minute wait to get a table , but our waiter was very nice and very accommodating . Now time to relax ! 
so begins the work week for me again ... get through today and tomorrow and then 2 days off ... oh how I wish the money trees in Farmville were real ... lol- have a great day peeps !! GO REDWINGS !!! 
spaghetti , with meat sauce , garlic toast and veggies ... yummmm ! 
had a great dinner out with the hubby , and as a surprise , I got some new bling ! Oh how I love that man of mine !! 
It's been a loooong day and I am wore out . My son's team won their first game of the play-offs 7-2 ... way to go guys !!! Get a good night's sleep so tomorrow you all can keep on rollin ' ... let the bodies hit the floor-let the bodies hit the flooOORRRRR ~ ~ Good night to you all ! 
turning out to be ' one of THOSE ' days ... hope everyone that lives in my house comes through unscathed .... I tend to get a little homicidal ... no worries- it will pass !.... maybe .... 
ugh ... woke up with visual migraines ... that's the 3rd time this week ... hope this makes sense , I can't really see the keys ... lol .. my head is going to split .... ugh ! 
Alright people , I hope you all have a great day today ! It's another 7 days before you get another Saturday so make the most of it- and oh- < PROPMALE > , I understand you bailing on me ... it's all good- I'd rather go to the birthday party too ! LOL !! 
does anyone know of an inexpensive way to get an XBOX 360 fixed ... really don't want to have to buy a new system , but if it's just as expensive to fix , might as well buy new , right ? Ugh .... technology ... there are days when you are more a headache than a help ! 
banana 
okay folks- it's Hump Day- you know what means ... YUP ! - Beware of strange animals that want to friends with your leg !! - j/k ... means Friday is right around the corner !! Live it up !! Have a great day ! 
discussion of the day yesterday at work : Lunch- if liver is the organ that filters all the gross nasty stuff out of the body- WHY- WHY I ASK-would you want to cook it and eat it with the misconception that adding a TON of onions will make it better ??? Really ... I don't get it ... 
Dear God , please help the families that have been and are going to be affected by the Earthquake and following Tsunami that hit Japan this morning ... please keep the people of Hawaii and those on the west coast safe . 
So the US Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right under the First Amendment to protest military funerals ... I invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your first amendment is better than my Second Amendment . Re-post if you feel the same 
Had a night out with the < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > - could have been better ... went to a Mallards game ... they won so it was good- but wasn't sure who I was going to throttle first ... the kid in front of me blowing that stupid horn , the kid behind me who wouldn't shut up or the family of 15 sitting on the far end that needed to get up every 15 seconds for food !! Seriously ... 
Monday comes but once a week , time for work- no time for sleep ; just 24 hours and it goes away ... so do your best to smile today !! Have a good one people ! 
my last official Sunday working ... 4 days and counting ! 
2 days .... I think I can make it .... just 2 more days ! 
one never knows how much they are loved until there is change in your life that takes you down a road untraveled ... the out-pouring of love from the dear people that live at GH ... they are the best and my life will never be the same for having known them ... I love you all and thank you for the some of the best memories I'll ever have ! I'll be seeing you ... hugs ! 
okay I'm going to start making citizens arrests .. I'm taking down license's plates and car makes/models .. if you are talking on your phone while driving in the fast < PROPFIRST > and you are in front of me-I just want you to know-YES-THAT IS MY GRILL YOU ARE SEEING IN YOUR REAR VIEW MIRROR-GET OUT OF THE WAY OR GET OFF YOUR STUPID PHONE !!! I WILL BE SENDING YOU MY < PROPMALE > FOR THE ROAD RAGE CLASSES YOU ARE MAKING ME HAVE TO TAKE ! 
Hhmmmm ... let's see ... 80 * yesterday ... 41 * today ... can someone please let Mother Nature know now is not time the for her to have PMS ... stick with the warmer temps please ... I really don't want to be sick right now ! Thank you ! 
taxes finally done ... very disappointed at what we are getting back ..... BUT we don't owe so ... I am very thankful for that ! I personally think we need to go to the flat tax system ... it's getting old losing 30% to the government !! 
Husband and wife week --- if your spouse is your best friend , who works hard for you , and has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you when you're at your worst , and whom your are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with how long you've been together .... 24 years !! 
was feeling ambitious ... but it seems to have left me .... maybe tomorrow .. lol ! 
been a great day ... now where to take the girls for dinner ... have a great nite FB family !!! 
A Facebook challenge ... During this couple of weeks before Easter , I am out to prove that my friends will repost , I hope I am right !!! Easter is not about bunnies and chocolate eggs . Let's lift up God's name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of You and Me . If you are not ashamed to call Jesus Christ your savior , copy and repost . I'm not ashamed 
had a great night out with my girls- they are so much fun !! Simple things that mean the most and memories that last a lifetime ! Gotta love it ! 
Well beautiful people , I'm going to call it a night ! I wish you all great day tomorrow- sunshine , warm temps and relaxing to it's fullest ! Sweet dreams ! 
nails ... done , grocery shopping ... done , ran into one of my besties .... fun , drs . appt .... done , now just a few more things and I get to sit and relax ... I LOVE not working !! 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Daughter Week ! If you have a beautiful daughter that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold her in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????? 
alright ... time to get serious about the day ... laundry here I come ... pphhbblllttt ! Have a great day people ... hopefully the sun is shining wherever you are ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! \ 
Edmonton , Kentucky . USA . Little girl , 3 yrs old picked up by\ 
man driving gray car , license plate : Quebec 72B 381 . Canada . Put this as\ 
your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent so do it , 3\ 
seconds will not kill you . What if it were your child ? 
oh yeah- Wings-4 ... Phoenix 0 ..... WHOOOO HOOOOO !!! 
Detroit Got the Sweep ... Redwings RULE !!! Oh yeah- movin ' on ... see ya lata Phoenix ... WHOO HOOO !!! Love me some Redwing Hockey !! 
Happy Easter to all my fb friends and family out there ... I Know who I am , I know to whom I belong , and I know where I am heading ... and all I can say is- Thank you Jesus ... Have a great day people ! 
had a great day yesterday- got all 5 of my new < PROPFEMALE > bushes planted , got one whole side of the fence replaced , laundry done , garage cleaned out , dishes done , 1/2 the windows washed ... today , not so much ! lol ... oh well ... they can't all be productive days ! 
Rain rain go away come again ... when we've had more than two weeks of extreme heat , the ground is cracking open from thirst , the plants start to wither and people are lying on the ground with their tongues hanging out from heat exhaustion .... yea- that sounds about right- cause right now- we gots plenty ! 
okay apparently Mother Nature is wearing her gummies and listening to her Nano on < PROPMALE > cause she's not responding to my pleas .... gonna have to jump chain of command and go straight to God with this one ... thinking that maybe if He just gave her a little \electric touch\ " ... she'd glow !! ya know .. the SUN !! I need my Vitamin D " 
YAY- the sun is shining ... yet only for a little while and then it will be gone .... Oh why do you taunt me so with your happy glow ??? Looks like I might be tanning today ... gotta get that Vitamin D some how- right ?! 
just got back with < PROPFEMALE > from the dermatologist- alls good-had my Spiced Chai Latte , all good there ! :-) , now , off to tan , and then come home and get my groove on ! THE SUN IS SHINING ... Lord- please let it stay !!! Have a good one people ! 
tot he people that got a post from me on their < PROPFEMALE > about checking out the whole stalker thing- yeah- it's a joke , a scam , I tried it and the next thing I know it's sending out all these messages- don't try it and I apologize for it showing up ! Thanks ! 
Going to be < PROPFEMALE > and 70 * today- going to get a lot of things done today ! Live it up people- it's FRIDAY !!!!! WHOO HOOOO !! o- and as a side note- PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE , LORD , LET THE REDWINGS WIN TONIGHT- I'M NOT READY FOR THEM TO BE OUT OF THE SERIES !! Thank yoU ! ;-) 
