On the verge of somethin ' great . 

I'm a nobody , but nobody's fool !! 
Stimulate my heart , surrender my mind . Look into my eyes , and forever you'll find . A bad boy turned good , how could it be true ? And all through my pain , how could it be you ? 
Water and Ice , Wind and Rain . Are the substances I need , to heal your pain . 
I'm ... Bill . The master of my own illusionary world . 
“I am simply myself . No more and no less . All I really want is to be free . ” 
Eating Ice Cream and talkin ' to my brother . Right now , nothin ' is sweeter than this ! 
I'll shed blood , before I shed tears . Shedding tears is a surrender of the body to the heart . It is only proof , that we as human beings , don't know what to do with our hearts . 
I fought alot of drama this week , and defeated it . Even though tha battle was won , feel like I'm tha one who lost it . I spent too much energy on it , and honestly im exhausted . 
I do not believe that I am now dreaming , but I cannot prove that I am not . I am , however , quite certain that I am having certain experiences , whether they be those of a dream or those of waking life . 
My tears are the showers that fertilize this world . 
The bullet that will kill me someday , is not yet cast . 
My friendship is like peeing your pants : Everyone can see it , but only you can feel its warmth . 
I look up to the stars , for they are the street lights of eternity . 
Freedom comes only to those who no longer ask of life that it shall yield them any of those personal goods that are subject to the mutations of time . 
This journey will be difficult . The road will be long , and yet I face this challenge with profound humility with full knowledge of my own limitations . Although I face it with limitless faith in my own abilities , I hope to see my friends & loved ones at the end of my story . 
Some of the greatest philosophers of our time say that too much sanity is madness ; and it may be true . Although , I think the maddest thing of all ... is to see life as it is and not as it should be ! 
As long as my mind is enslaved , my body will never be free . Psychological freedom , a firm sense of self-esteem , is the most powerful weapon against the long night of physical slavery . 
Waiting for something or someone to take over tha crown I been carrying for so long . 
Just posted up at work . Waiting to get home and chill wit my peeps . 
Of all the possible futures that's laid before me ; this one holds the most promise . 
Sitting at work doing shit . Just contemplating . 
im ready to traverse through 
Waiting for that train to come rolling in 
Ppl at work r rubbin ' me da wrong way tonight . Don't wanna kick there face in 
enjoying mybreak with marrio eating doritos 
About to go outside and play football n tha mud in like a few hours , with all tha fellaz . Gotta get my mind off some kr8zy shiit & what better way than to take it out ; by tacklin ' ya peeps 2 tha ground !! 
About to turn in my uniform to tha bear ! Can't wait 
Just posted up at school chillin ' wit my street soldier on lunch break . 
Had a good first week of school . No pressure , no boring lectures , and no distractions . Although , this week in particular was wonderful . My baby turned 3 , and I had a b-day party for her like no other !! Daddy loves his baby gurl ! 
Gettin ' myself ready for this essay I have to present this morning in written communication . What a drag . 
Doin ' homework early in the mornin ' is very relaxing . Maybe some of ya should try it . 
Helping my moms with preparations for our Labor Day cookout 
Hope everyone had a good Labor Day weekend . Mines was OK , had to cook way too much . So many ribs , burgers , brats , lasagna & more . Still got food in tha fridge . 
Just posted up at school , having lunch wit Marrio 
Went to Snap Fitness all weekend , it was aiight . Did too much weight lifting though . Shoulders are a little stiff , but its all good . My pants fell down when running on the treadmill . String got snagged on the handle . Last but not least , I wanna shot out to my fam back in Vegas . My cuz < PROPFIRST > died , by a woman who dropped her cell and had to get it b4 realizing she ran my cuz ova . Love Always < PROPFIRST > ! I MISS YOU CUZZO !! 
Posted up at school , waitin ' for this senate meeting to start . Gonna hit up da gym next ! 
Gettin ' ready to volunteer for CASDA @ super one . 
Volunteered for CASDA again today @ super one . It was much livelier today , than it was yesterday because of Marrio an < PROPFIRST > . Gotta hand it to the people @ super one and CASDA , for having such customer & social skills to handle people the way they do . 
Today is almost over , and I didn't even study for that test tomorrow . That's about to change , cuz im gonna eat some homemade burritos while trying to watch dat boring ass video about the human brain . * Sighs * wish me luck on dat test tomorrow . Goodnight FB 
Just wakin ' up from a krazy ass dream . More scary than krazy though . Anyway , since i'm up , might as well start gettin ' ready fo school . Maybe later i'll hit tha gym and tha movies . I wanna see the movie \RED \"." 
Posted up @school . Doin ' nothin ' but surfin ' tha net & rockin ' dem beats until tha next class start . 
Doin ' my research paper @ tha moment in written communication class . 
Got a busy day today . School , Gym , shoppin ' , homework , and other good stuff . 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone , especially on Facebook . 
Went to a conference meeting today . It was better than I anticipated . Probably hit da gym after the school event or maybe da movies . 
Wakin ' up with a < PROPMALE > headache is a biitch !! Gotta shake it off though , cuz I got big moves to make today . 
Happy Birthday Deyvon ! Man ya growin ' fast . It seems like yesterday you were only 8 and now ur 17 . Time is creepin ' up on me . Enjoy ya B-Day bro . Love ya !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my peeps back n tha dirty south and on tha west coast . Also , gotta show sum luv to my street souljas out here reppin ' for what we do . Last but not least , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to my facebook fam , enjoy your time with ya close friends and loved ones . Hope everyone enjoy today for what it is and look forward to the new year . 
Went 2 Wisconsin Dells last week . Went shoppin ' & got me some new shoes 2 rock @ school . Got Saiya some PJ's & clothes . She'll luv Daddy fo dat . I went out bowling wit some friends . Food was excellent @ da Dells , except da meatloaf . Dodge dat shit @ all cost ! Went 2 several leadership seminars by < PROPFIRST > Miller . Man he was on fire ! He had da whole place poppin ' . I recommend anyone 2 go & hear him speak . Goodnight FB 
Gettin ' ready fo school . Fo once , i'm not lookin ' forward to this day . 
Had a bittersweet weekend . Went to Blackwoods Bar & Grill w/my brothers and nephew , celebrated Demarrio's B-Day plus took him shopping w/ my peeps . Although , someone gave me the shitiest sore throat ever this weekend , not to mention running nose and migraines . Gotta do a speech today in class and i'm not sure if my voice can handle it right now . 
Chilled @ < PROPFIRST>'s house for a grip and went to get a pedicure . Ahhh the simple pleasures ......... and the night is young so I might hit tha gym lata . 
Bout to go shoppin ' fo my trip to < PROPFEMALE > n a lil ' bit . Won't be back until Tuesday evening . Ya gotta love travelin'! 
Made it back from the capital in < PROPFEMALE > last night , and I must say I think everything went smooth on my part talking to the legislators . 
Wanna hit da gym up and then da Y lata fo some b-ball , but I got sooooooo much homework to do 
