damn fkin lurkers adding me , if i want you on this < PROPFEMALE > , i would of sent u a fking invite , but since i dont want you on here ur add req is going to fucking sit there . 

looking for a car to detail tomorrow ... tired of sitting around . im bored ! 
looking at apartments in < PROPFIRST > ... wow ... very nice ... why am i still here struggling to get by ? when i can get a nice 1bed aparment for under 800 . n can start my detailing business there or land a better job that i will ever do so here ... 
never really on here , but most of you know how to find me . 
tired of being lied to by someone i love . thanks alot . 
feelings right now on top of a pinched disc in my back are : frustrated , upset , angry ... depression will set in soon . trying to keep away from busting a wall open . 
going to let the bass eat my ears ... 
sadly i feel the rain comming 
Applied for El Segundo PD . wait till next week to find out the next step 
beat tired . off to bed . night everyone . 
testing march 12th =) 
hello face crack its been a while 
its been a lil while . been busy ... 
gettin ready for work 
back to seeing the old doctors for my injury again . since the new one refuses to give me proper pain meds . 
#np PPRPDCST004-A-Fourth . Level . Collective 
well mri reports are in . here it is : \ 
disc dislocation on T8-T9 , and T11-T12 , herniation on L1-L2 , L4-5 , C1 . Disc slip on my C7-8 and T1 and a few bones in my left hand were crushed and healed incorrectly 
wens 4p-9a , thurs 1p-6a , fri 3p-730a , sat 730a - 4a = one big ass check of 70% OT and DT oh and me being a zombie . O.o 
text message to my boss : hey < PROPFIRST > do u have any more hours tonight or tomorrow ? \go home you beast ! get some rest . 70 hrs wasn't enough ? \"" 
been in Vegas since Friday . comming back on tuesday i think 
fractured lower spine and 4 damaged nerve endings . getting shots on 7/21 
shall be in phoenix az on monday for work . be back thursday 
back in LA tomorrow 
not being able to take pain killers sucks . 
after 12 i shall stop drinking water . and well ... umm feel like i got hit by a < PROPMALE > truck tomorrow after i wake up from what they were doing to my back . eek 
back from the out patient surgery . text me if u wanna talk . 
damn i need something stronger for the pain . fuuuuuuuukkkk 
should of given me norco 10mg 
btw im a Junglist not a Raver ... dont associate me with the retards in hollywood 
usually a FREE party with a big headliner is just flat out trouble and its best for you to keep ur ass at home . 
500GB of tunes to go through .... sigh ... 
headache - 2 aspirin , back and neck - 1 7.5 vic and 1 325mg soma if still not helping 1 500mg naproxen ... 
i needz a new laptop ... or another job so i can get one ... 
backing up a few things before i nuke the laptop again . 
woohoo mexican music , now its a party . 
wanna talk on skype ? add me lajunglist 
backing up the last few gb's then nuke time . 
laptop fixed . now to work on the twackberry 
its hard to talk hood on ur phone when u have a smartphone and it has auto correct haha 
phone will be off for a few hours hence blackberry has a update ... HOPEFULLY this will help the phone and stop all of its problems 
:) 
skype : lajunglist 
In < PROPFEMALE > - The Homeless go without eating . \ 
In < PROPFEMALE > - The Elderly go without needed medicines . \ 
In < PROPFEMALE > - The Mentally ill go without treatment . \ 
In < PROPFEMALE > - Our Troops go without proper equipment . \ 
In < PROPFEMALE > - Our Veterans go without benefits they were promised . \ 
Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . \ 
Do you have the guts to re-post this ? I DID !! 
wow having to reject that work , really screwed me over . and now there isnt much work ... so idk what to do ... 
shall lay on the roof , since the heat from the sun helps with the pain , better than any other source of heat ... that i have connected to the wall 
locked to bassdrive np : Eastside Sessions Los < PROPFEMALE > - hosted by A - Sides 
how did i manage to have so many red bulls around my room .... 
Loving this new app for fb 
sunburnt , tired , sore and dirty . time for a shower . 
it amazed me how dirty i get even when i wear pants at work . damn im burnt . 
say what you want , im going to bed , im tired . work beat me up . 
Damn its cold 
soggy tacos ... no bueno ... just made me feel even more sick . fml 
burning the new Sub Pressure vol 2 to a cd , mmmm bass music 
lazy sunday 
i really REALLY hate cold weather . 
lets see if the vicoden will kick in n help , if not i may not be on much today , but seeing as i have been lagging on the ppr fb might have to be on for a few . if u need me text me 310.245.5206 
damn made another guy jealous . what is it with me ? maybe < PROPFEMALE > Sanderson could tell me .... 
the font with the most comments will help me deiced . so everyone please ! 
security wipe of the bb ... ugh .. tired of the issues 
You're a super hero . Here's the rules :\ 
Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . Don't reshuffle ! \ 
\ 
1st person is your sidekick : < PROPFIRST > Myers\ 
2nd person tries to expose your secret identity : < PROPFEMALE > Cisneros\ 
3rd person is your team mate : < PROPFIRST > Beebe\ 
4th person is your arch nemesis : < PROPMALE > Azarcoya\ 
5th person is your love interest : Agnieshka Kazub\ 
what a great pick of people lol 
going to church on sunday ! 
at work o_o 
how much more stress am i going to have before all my hair falls out . 
yes im upset , then again im keeping my anger down 
could any one recommend a auto collision shop in the south bay ? 
Dainja I'm in db 
Need to sober up before I head on home . Shall be M.I.A. For a few hrs but home b4 9a 
I know this ! 
Smh !!!! 
Why is it when I close my eyes I feel like ur staring at me ! creeper . 
YAWN naptime 
where is this email ? i wanna get on with my day and go back to sleep and go see someone later 
17 voice mails eh ? Since Monday . I'll check em later 
being single is fun . cause i get to < PROPFEMALE > with Dainja < PROPFIRST > Duyne . 
cleaning my room slowly 
if u are apart of PPRMG and ur not on my list msg me i'll get u on there 
good night Dainja < PROPFIRST > Duyne 
starting not to care about twitter anymore 
must go to body shop and grab my sub and amp and a few other things from it . who knows whats going to happen to the thunderbird . 
sleepy but wanna talk to her 
gotta go to bed , gotta drive tomorrow but i get to see someone ! 
Work Saturday and Sunday . But will go to church on Sunday night 
starting to do that mistake of leaving my wallet in my car and going inside while its in view as well as my phone 
Lolz owned ! 
going men tal ! oh my ! 
After dodging me for 4-5 weeks you suddenly text me and I'm not all fucked up over it . 
Waiting for second crew so we can leave 
What a day . That's all I can say . 
Get to go home and sleep on my own bed . Off earlier than expected but still gotta be up at 345a 
bed . got to be up in a few hrs 
Black out curtains are my best friends . Hah no street lamp in my eyes no more . 
GOODMORNING ! shower rthen back to work =( 
wheres mah red bull i cant stay awake ! 
< PROPFIRST > don't be a butt head ! Call u later 
Arm is killing me . 
Almost done . Just have the hard stuff left 
Going back to the warehouse 
< PROPFIRST > text me 
all squeeky clean 
eatting alone then fast food it is . 
sleeepy 
i cant breath ! needz fresh air 
The Sidekick : < PROPFEMALE > TheMiss Lynch\ 
The Heavy Weapons : < PROPFEMALE > Womp\ 
The Idiot that somehow survives : < PROPFEMALE > Karim\ 
...... The One that loses it : < PROPFEMALE > Chiquette\ 
The Brains : < PROPFIRST > Myers\ 
The First to Die : Scarlett Cross\ 
The Self-Sacrificing Hero : Dainja < PROPFIRST > Duyne\ 
The One that Kills Everyone : < PROPMALE > Mas 
fucking people running into the street as im coming down . chick yelling trying to flag me down like i did something wrong . not sure what i did i was doin 15-20 looking for a parking spot when its posted 30 . and well i didnt bother stopping 
cig then bed im beat 
i need a drink . 
another cd for the car stock systems are not meant for dnb . =/ 
i needz food yo . of to find some 
bed ... zzzZZzz 
i was told i look like a cholo , but what cholo wears spy optic sunglasses ? 
new pic :O 
Weird so I press l-t with out the dash and I get 11:55:26 PM on my BB o.o 
going to work be on later maybe . ezzz 
Lol 
Sleeepy ! Err 
Wow not cool .... 
miscommunication with insurance and body shop . * ur car is done * I call shop . * No its not done ** 
sweeet i won 4 dodger tickets 
Can it be Sunday already hah 
Ten more minutes . Hurry up 
Hangrrryyy 
Lazy fucker . 
work drama . No fun ! 
ok srsly im tired 
taking a lil nap then off to work 
Day 2 of busy weekend 
On pch in traffiic 
Bah . 
Almost done setting up . Hello headache 
This is kind of depressing . 
Crappy I can't call out . So if u need to talk to me leave a wall post 
Ahhhhh bats ! 
No lights but the ones we have thank god I brought my mini led mag light 
310am bed time ! 
sry for the spam , i deleted everything . cell coverage was shitty ! 
that was fucked up . only been asleep for an hour and parents should of had a ride set for their ride to lax . but im awakened by getting yelled at to take them ... \oh thanks for taking us\ " me : yeah sure fuck face . " 
it was Depressing cause i had to work an event that was a summer camp for homeless kids . and there was a lot of them . be thankful that u have a home for you and your child .... if u think u have it bad live ur life in their shoes for a week . 
dear cell phone , u are truly pissing me off . im about to throw you . 
i unlinked my cell for a bit , maybe that will stop the spam ... 
damn why is facebook spaming my phone though i dont have it linked anymore 
anyone want to get these dodger tickets off my hands ? 9/14 az d-backs section 9RS row F seat 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 VIP tickets 
bassdrive on lock ... mmm liquid dnb 
its sunday i have nothing to do . 
hungry ... have not eatten foodz since 8pm last night . 
mmmm food 
the hell with feeling sick . i hate eatting food . 
fingers hurt from rolling inflatables 
come home and random people are parked in my driveway then flip out when i ask them to move their car . 
time for lab sessions . 
a nice cold drink to end the day 
no one ever calls the cops when im blasting liquid dnb , but they do when im playing dubstep lol 
too lazy to walk up stairs . the end . 
so its monday .... what to do ..... 
Name Of The Game 4:19 The < PROPFEMALE > Method Tweekend 
i dont give a what ?! 
Live @ The Jungle Room . < PROPFEMALE > BC . October 15 2005 2:20:24 Dieselboy 
Worst Comes to Worst 3:36 Dilated Peoples Expansion Team Rap & Hip-Hop 
Be Strong 6:54 Facing Jinx , Philth Midnight Son EP Drum & Bass 
I sure miss having a fwd 4 cylinder car 
been going through my hard drive all day 
Kung Foo 5:41 Optical Virus ( VRS020 ) 
so according to Dainja < PROPFIRST > Duyne im a vicoden addict 
as much as i like this rental . i sure as hell miss my car 
< PROPFIRST > is a werido ! 
Won't be home till 830Ish 
Fuck traffic . 
off work and at home . shower time i smell like detailing wax and other lovely things 
have not shaved my face since saturday o.O 
wow my dog is really depressed . 
some girls are just retarded . 
gas prices are going up cause of the holiday weekend . fill up ur tank now before its too expensive . 
yup 
new castle and liquid dnb 
3rd new castle :) 
who wants to come over . i be bored . 
just dont understand why my ex keeps poppin up in my dreams ugh ! 
grub 
think we should hip up a strip club 
its like that . 
kinda missing someone not sure why tho 
wobble wobble 
new castle + grey goose + veev vodka yum 
bed time , ezz 
Sleepless night . Sigh 
Almost home 
im tired as fk but need to clean up my room 
starting mileage today was 559.6 ending mileage is 740.2 
[ 2011.07.24 ] Cell Sessions - DJ Cell 1:59:02 
931am dubstep playing . hahaha 
need to go to body shop n see whats going on with my car . it was supposed to have been done yesterday 
Yeah . Looks like I need to high speed buff my car . Lol . Only did . Half of the left Side . 
Should be done tomorrow 
500tc Egyptian cotton sheets . yup 
soon my vacation comes to an end with the workers comp appointments . then the stress is back . 
now what to do ... 
not happy with the people that up load SPRLP to the net . and let others d/l thanks for robbing us . least donate to us . if u like it fuckers . 
< PROPFEMALE > umm 
mr droolz is currently sitting on a upside down bar stool . 
Wants me to keep my back to the wall while I . Tape his premier . 
< PROPMALE > - Therapy Sessions Philly 2006 and booze 
and the pain is back . 
hey Fisko Drools , why are you walking funny ? u look kinda retarded . can u try n walk normal i know u enjoyed ur self last night The Dolphin Bar . 
got my car back , it looks nice . but had to double check the work . glad i did . head light was hanging on by a hair . thanks to Fisko Drools for helping 
anyone want to come over ? 
shower then back to the bass cannon ! :) 
Oh that burns . 
Prepare for drunk texting thank god for auto correct 
How the hell am I even walking ? 
raver pants . lolz 
Hermosa baeach 
dear corn whiskey i hate you . 
yeah im going to feel this in 8 hrs . ughh 
must try n sleep . :) \ 
if u want to kick it tomorrow text me . i'll go to you . 
theres parts of last night i do not remember . but my head dont hurt . 
Bbm pin 3063690E sry . 
finally home 
half a jar of 80 proof < PROPFEMALE > shine , 3 beers , 2 shots of vodka last night and i woke up < PROPFEMALE > over free this morning . :) 
3063690E bbm pin .... pin me ! 
another pill then maybe sleep . 
Ow . Looks like I can't move . Fk . 
anyone that has a blackberry u know what to do 3063690E 
I brought moonshine haha 
Porch djing :D 
Hello creepers ! 
I know all ! Muahaha 
some ears might be burning ..... After tonight . O.o 
i just dropped off Fisko Drools 
drugging myself to sleep :) no pain till i wake up 
i have my ups n downs just like everyone else . but sometimes more cause of the psychical pain im always in . 
Gotta fly Down the 405 to lbc n get my meds 
shall reply to messages later . im in a bad mood . and dont want to be rude to anyone . they will be replied to in due time . 
will be on bbm if u need me . 
I'm not sure what's worse . Being sick or my back killing me . Oh wait both . 
need to get the booze outta my trunk . 
just saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > 
tired of being nice , when people just expect i want something in return . 
still have the dodger tickets . for 9/14 i'll let all 4 go for 50 
maybe i shouldnt of wasted my time . 
just saw Fisko Drools entering as i drove by .... 
days like this makes me love beach front . 
im going to look for jaws 
i hate where my back hurts , cause it itches like crazy ... 
someone asked \u mad bro ? \ " punch them in the face and ask \ " u bleeding bro ? \"" 
Melting ..... 
Need to find some sort of a fan for my trunk . So my amp don't cut out after 2hrs . More like 30mins In this heat 
make sure your pets have plenty of water . 
vicoden makes me feel weird . just putting that out there . 
Im reading two < PROPMALE > connections between Arizona and California are down . Folks currently without power should be prepared to be without power until tomorrow afternoon . Go to the store , buy flashlights , batteries , ice for the freezer and food . Do not use candles for light , candles are dangerous and can start fires . and remember cash only ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ... I tried to call him so I can drop ur things off but he no anwser . 
SDG&E reporting the system is back online but will take hours to restore electricity to all customers . u can thank < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for the info 
Must eat b4 I puke again . 
Or should I say take another Vic : & 
post ur dnb mix links here plz 
doctors appointment tomorrow ! eeh 
Shssss 
Its funny when ur BB gets to 10% it just drops suddenly fast . Lol 
shower then off to the new doctor for my case 
More fucking xrays . Ur kidding right ? Fucking a I'm tired of taking my metal out 
Oh damn that < PROPFEMALE > was hot 
Quack quacks quackery quacked quacksalver quack 
Can u tell I'm bored ? 
Whack whacks whacked whacking whack 
stocked up on candles in case my power goes out . 
okays back to the HB Pier . :) 
Hoes go nuts * car alarm chirps * when * chirps again * the bass * chirps * BOOM * Car alarm goes off * 
glass of red wine . k im relaxed . 
Hello rain . 
Bass massage . Ahhhh 
just got home 
need to go to the store for work tomorrow and the rest of the day im relaxing . 
kicking it at home 
another 6 years b4 my car is a \classic car \"" 
going out for some air 
Ocean sounds calm for the most part . Who wants to go to the beach right now ? Hah 
Nothing is Older than Yesterday 5:19 Camo & Krooked 
ahhh shit something bit the hell out of me 
Cut Throat ( Original Mix ) 4:30 Figure , Whiskey < PROPMALE > Heavy Artillery Drumstep Drum & Bass 
tired of being sick . going to stop eatting soon . fucking a 
sept 14th dodger tickets , i doubt i'll go considering how i have been feeling the past 2 weeks . VIP , Section 9RS , Row F , Seat 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 i'll let all 4 go for $40 . 
someone text me , ima be laying down vicoden is really doing a number on me . 
going to troll Mia MaraJuana for the day . 
mmmm real mexican food 
washing my stuff for work 
laying down zzZZzz 
Moldova ( DaVIP Remix ) 6:37 Beatman & Ludmilla Breaks 
Work .... 130p till ? 
First real break since 2pm 
home from work finally going to bed tho , im beat ! 
really sore from work and pitching in the speed cage . 
Going to be epically sore on Sunday . but < PROPMALE > . For the work . 
home at last , getting things ready for work tomorrow . then relaxing 
everything in my ice chest is frozen . guess its a great cooler then 
going to bed , since i am beat , and i woke up all sick late this morning 
Waiting for the batteries to Charge in the truck ... Ac adapter only for the charge . Sigh . 
been in a really good mood this week some co-workers even noticed . not sure why i have been . #shrugs 
ok scratch that i was on a good one . till the pain started comming back . ARRGGHHH 
why do i have so many receipts from claremont , ca ? 
anyone wanna chat on skype ? 
was trying to hold out on taking a vicoden but i cant anymore . 
food sounds swell right now 
sunday nights consists of a glass of wine and liquid dnb on bassdrive.com its the way i relax without having to drive 120miles for a weekly show 
cloudy day ... some bassdrive.com and redbull 
Won more dodger tickets who wants to go ? #beatsf 
i have a baby snake in my backyard 
at work im the broken guy . 
relaxin 
bed . 
Dnbr ftw . 
I got two dodger tickets for Thursday's game against the giants 20 for the pair 
shaved off the beard . going to start over . 
mmm pain pills cold weather ughh 
what the hell is this ? 
its like myspace all over again . soon we are going to need 8GB of ram just to run this fucking format 
WOOHOO ... WANNA GO BACK TO OLD STYLE ... ACCOUNT SETTINGS ... CHANGE LANGUAGE TO ENGLISH(UK ) ... hahaha ... it works ... I just did it .. lmao 
so no one wants the dodger tickets huh ? its thursday's game vs . sf giants 20 for the pair text me 310.245.5206 
anyone want to buy the tickets or wut 
shall head off to gardena for a bit n see what my friend wants 
facebook must be owned by the CIA 
back to cleaning my room n getting rid of old things i have no use for . 
feel like moving my room around . so i have 2 sides of my bed not just one 
I have a cluster fuck mess 
is it childish to pick sides ... i mean were adults why are u acting like ur 5 
daaaammmnnnn sf giants are getting bombed on 
good game dodgers . kinda wish i went but someone else got to enjoy it . 
stuff ready for work :) 
bed 
working at UCLA tonight 
tired . going to bed . night 
maybe my check engine light will turn off , and i can get a smog done ... * crosses fingers * 
so ATT has a tower down in my area . im not ignoring you . i just have no service ... 
att hurry the fuck up . 
fuck this sucks . 
theirs 50 text so far .... 
blackberry desktop controller :) 
having to shave my face everyday is getting annoying 
going out for air 
looking at myspace . lol 
woah pain meds just kicked in 
ima feel bad when the orange tabby comes in my yard . my cat is going to kick his ass . 
heading to church\ 
call or text me 
Go back to Scotland pleaseeee . For the love of god . Wtf is this electro tech house ? 
U look like two douchebags about to bumfuck eachother on stage . 
I walked away from the pre-donkey show . Fk that . Go back to Scotland with ur wack music plz . K thx 
Don't feed the trolls , but most importantly - don't be a troll . You could make life worse for everyone . 
On September 30th , 2011 Facebook will start charging you for your account . To avoid this , you MUST get NAKED , stand on your dining room table and do the Macarena , all while singing ”I Will Survive” . After filming and sending it in a private message to me , then , and only then , will < PROPFIRST > Zuckerberg come down your chimney to tell you that your account will stay free . Pass it on , it must be true because someone on Facebook reposted it . 
shower time :) 
fully restored a headlight today . will upload pics later 
if ur headlights are yellowing hit me up i can fix that for you . 
wth am i getting sick . been sleepin all day i feel like crap 
For the last 2 weeks its been nasty ugly weather and now its < PROPFEMALE > 
tiem for a vicoden and a soma and bed 
Miss . Kramer it is 4am why are u poking me ? Least buy me breakfast first ;) 
just wanted to grab a bite to eat .... 
finally i was able to pass smog now to get my tags next week 
i need a weekly paying job . 
Crysspin Cryss why do u gotta poke me so much . 
going to put a mote around my house to keep < PROPFEMALE > Farrera out . 
got a Technics SL-D2 turntable sittin in my room . what to do ... what to do . 
wth its 1am 
detailed my car today . looks so much better than when the body shop did it . 
GOOD LUCK EVERYONE !! ~ ~ This year October has 5 Mondays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This Happens once every 823years . This is called money bags . So copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , will be without money . Copy within 11 mins of reading . Can't hurt so I did it :) 
morning , time to get ready for work . 
nom nom turkey sandwich 
Ahhhh finally a break .... 
off work relaxing , drinking a beer 
bout to knock out 
few more things to do before bed 
trying to wake up comon redbull give me wings already !!! 
what to do today . 
day off then work again tomorrow lols 
back to detailing my car 
finished detailing my car for now ... 
hanging out with grandpa Fisko Drools 
put some heavy duty settings on my < PROPFEMALE > for a creeper . 
i believe my creeper is a pedophile ..... cause u got a lot of high school chicks as ur friends and ur as old if not older than me . ur sick dude . 
im not a junglist i am a dnblist 
buahahahahaha i played \its a small world hardcore\ " for Fisko Drools " 
sinus headache u neeeeeeed to go away . 
figuring out what to do now that im off work .... 
work tomorrow , fucker better pay me . or im kicking his ass . \oh yeah pay was last week\ " yea ? i asked u said no . so i guess u OWE me for 3 weeks not 2 . " 
headache ... chills .... bout to vomit ... not cool .... 
i hate when people say im lazy . cause if u see me at work u wont be saying that shit . 
It rained ? 
can the 13th hurry up ... 
not sure how i type haha on my phone and autocorrect changes it to gays 
2012 tags on car , car detailed with window treatment ... bring it on rain . 
after tonight im going to be VERY busy with work tonight 10p- ? tomorrow 2p-7p thurs - all day fri - all day . 
if i fall over at an event and die . it was nice knowing you all :) 
Prolly off at 330a 
Trying to keep my asthma at bay .. I feel it creepin up on me ... 
a couple of peanut butter oreos and then bed . 
gah damnit . 
Its like a fucking never ending chat 
bed shortly 
alright time to get ready for work ... 
Always love having to do everyone else's job . Cause the look around and flock to eachother . Cause they r lazy . 
Gah damnit . 
if ur going to get mad at m on wwf cause im not playing everyday . u can stfu , i work that comes first . not a fucking app . 
plz apply here if r not nuts and do not have a split personality . 
Vegas again ... leaving Friday but goin for work 
how many times can i go to vegas in a year this will be my 12th time this year :) 
tired of retarded girls 
