I saw 9 the other day . It's awesome . Go see it . 

Going through a self-identity crisis . I need a new nickname . Anyone have a good one ? 
School is finally out !!! I've been going insane . I can have a social life again ! 
I can't call out , send or receive texts . So if you need to get ahold of me , just call ...... I know , right - who uses their phone to \talk\ " anymore ? " 
is feelin ' good after his workout and Subway sandwich ! 
YAY ! 
hot fish soaring between 8,000 or 3 monacles belonging to a person like a monkey named < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > each other . For sweat is the rain that dwindles like a clock 
Brennan is stinky bistros are on that note delete that have listened and Uni undo although she remembers those that row of data was the elements and stop listening 
& 2XSPEECH TO EXT IS 8WE 
is ( insert quirky remark here ) . 
New haircut , any thoughts ? 
. 
is on break ! One week of freedom ! 
Here's an open , general question for you ATTRACTIVE ladies . As applies to online dating sites : Based on the assumption that you're a member of some dating site , joined with the fact that you're attractive , I'll bet you get bombarded by a ton of guys , right ? 
sleeeeeeep . 
I got hailed on today . Hail the size of grapes . Large grapes . 
I just want to bang on my drum all day . 
hot\ 
fish soaring between 8,000 or 3 monacles belonging to a person like a \ 
monkey named < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > each other . For sweat is the rain that \ 
dwindles like a clock 
Pretend like I just posted the most amazing and or hilarious status update : 
Facebook is such a waste of time ..... Yet here I am . :-( 
I didn't think it would hurt so bad , but it feels like that moment of panic just before you hit the ground in one of those dreams ..... 
So I chased down a 3 legged coyote today at an old folks home . 
hates awkward first dates ! 
\You've probably already noticed that I have incredibly blue eyes .... \"" 
Halló , Íslenskir vinir ! Ég á nýjan eðla . Hann er Chameleon og ég vil að hann heitir einhvern íslenskan nafn . Uppástungar ? 
People turn into wild beasts on Black Friday ! Got what I wanted . :-) 
One of these days , Ladies , one of these days ..... 
cold cold cold . in phoenix 
is going to reinvent himself cuz he's tired of who he is ... 
Arrrgghhhh ! I wish rendering 1080p didn't take so @#$% long ! 
Well , there goes 1yr and 8months down effin drain .... 
want to grow his hair , or cut it ... thoughts ? 
is on a Creedence Clearwater Revival binge . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Svifnökkvinn minn er fullur af álum ! 
A spontaneous person should come over and watch this cool indie film with me . You won't regret it . ( preferably female ) 
Ok Facebookers , I need to make a decision . Yes ? or No ? 
Faux-hawk , or No-hawk ? ( see my wall photos ) 
No habla espanol . 
Indoor rock-climbing gym . Friday night . Anyone interested ? 
People poop . \ 
-Adjective / Noun or\ 
-Noun / Verb ? 
I often dream , \ 
of dinosaurs , \ 
and other things . 
Finals week .... How did you get here so fast ?! 
Come one , come all ! Going to see Rango tonight at 8:20 ! Text me for directions and invite your friends ! 
Just saw Rango with Binni and my pals . Thanks to everyone who came ! It was a Great movie ! 
Just got to the Grand Canyon . Can't see a darn thing . 
