... welcome to 2010 !! Bring on the flying cars and hover boards ... 

is all of the sudden extremely stressed out due to budgeting issues .... 
is still stressed ... 
Can't believe it's been three weeks already . 
Congrats to my sister who just had baby Bryn , 9 lbs 2 oz , 20 3/4 in long ! 
< PROPFEMALE > arrives tomorrow . We shall see ... 
Everyone's asleep now and so soon shall I ! Woo hoo ! Here's to at least two hours ... 
is listening to Pandora Internet radio ... 
about to go out to a late breakfast - a brunch , let's say - with < PROPFEMALE > and the kids , then off to the grocery store . Fun times ! 
is feeling it in the air tonight , oh Lord .... 
< PROPFEMALE > wants to go to the aquarium today . :: sigh :: Ok . 
< PROPFEMALE > go to sleep , < PROPFEMALE > go to sleep ... 
For < PROPFIRST>'s birthday today he requested that we go to the zoo and then to Best Buy . 
\Now I have guilt . \"" 
What would you do for a Klondike Bar ? 
It is amazing how breasts can effect a woman's life . 
if everyone's special , is no one special ? 
My sister-in-law is leaving tomorrow , early morning , and I am thrilled . 
Trying to think of an artist to use to make a new station on Pandora . Any suggestions ? I'm trying to to discover new music ... ( new to me , of course ) ... 
Love . 
Nap time ! ( please . ) 
just beat it ! beat it ! no one wants to be defeated . 
I finished the book in one day . On to the second installment . 
Book 2 now finished . :) I hope the movie isn't as disappointing as the first . 
is getting her anniversary band in a few weeks and celebrating our three years of marriage tomorrow . :) 
Happy Anniversary , < PROPFIRST > ! Thanks for putting up with me so far ... 
Missing what I felt like when I was in Florida . 
In my humble opinion , love does not manifest with gifts or sex . Those can be used as evidence of love , sometimes , but they are not love and cannot satisfy the ache . 
Improving my music collection ... or at least , collecting music . 
If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and I . It can be anything you want , either good or bad . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised what people remember about y 
Happy 4th ! Going to the mesa for the Kissing Camels fireworks ... if they're not rained out . 
I finished the saga . Crazy . I laughed , I cried and was glad to know a happy ending . :) It was like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > if she wrote comic books . 
I actually miss work . How is everyone doing ? How's my team ? Is that pilot over ? Did it do any good ? 
is up too early . I think one more hour of sleep would be nice . < PROPFEMALE > didn't think so . 
contemplating my mortality . 
The bills have poured in from when I had < PROPMALE > . I hate the current medical insurance . Even if I am paying a bit less overall , it feels like I'm paying quite a bit more because I have to actually pay attention . I'd rather have a $25 co pay and pay $400 . 
it's a hot one . 
If we all had access to everything we could ever want or need , and endless amount of time to learn and accomplish our goals , could the generalized \we\ " be more at peace ? " 
It is always around the time that I am actually able to take my kids for a walk , or go to the park that it starts clouding over , and the thunder and rain starts ... What is up with this crazy weather ? Am I really in Colorado still ? 
is trying to perk up . 
Everybody was Kung Fu fighting .... but I was just dancing . 
\I didn't even have time to close my eyes . \"" 
now owns my car and has the title . I just have to get to the DMV and get it changed to a Colorado title in my name . Hopefully it's not too busy . 
After three trips to the DMV I did actually accomplish what I needed ! Fantastic . I got quite a work out too ... thank goodness for tandem strollers . 
really really wants to start learning piano . Anyone have a piano ? 
just wants to sing ... again ... 
just did Wii Active . Pretty good workout . I'm going to do the 30 day challenge and see if I'll be able to get in a workout for the next 30 days . 
you're always on my mind ... 
\noodle . don't noodle . \"" 
\Yesterday is history . Tomorrow is a mystery . Today is a gift . That is why they call it the present . \"" 
< PROPMALE > is 50th percentile for height and head circumference , but 75th for weight . 12 lbs 6.5 oz at 2 months old . My little chunk . 
Looking forward to going out Saturday night ... karaoke , of course . I've been having withdrawals . 
Come out with me tonight ! Good Company . You don't have to sing , but I will be . 
Sooooo ... I , like , totally sang . It was , like , so nice . 
I'll be back to work in a couple weeks ... I hope I remember how to work . 
Wondering if I do have an unrealistic view on love ... 
realized today that I often have friends that come and go but whenever they are around I have a much lighter step . 
... started writing ... the itch hit me about 1:00 AM . 
\I am who i am and that's all that I am . \"" 
ask me anything . 
what is life without friends ? 
Uh , so , yeah , my birthday is Wednesday and so Saturday we're going out to Good Company for a bit ' o celebrating . Anyone who would like to is welcome to join us ... no pressure to sing . Just < PROPFEMALE > out , drink if you'd like , and be < PROPFEMALE > ... Please come . I w 
I have so much to say that I can't think of anything to say .... 
Thank you for the happy birthday wishes ... Love you all ! Miss you too ! 
... contemplating what songs to sing on Saturday ... Yeah , I premeditate my karaoke choices ... what of it ??... Any requests ? 
I generally get inspired in the middle of the night which makes the morning a bit more difficult ... 
Went out . It was fun to have some adult interaction . But , truly , I thought about my kids the whole time . 
Why do two children feel like more than two ? 
\Have no fear of perfection -- you'll never reach it . \ " ~ Salvador Dali " 
.. what's on my mind ? you dare to ask me what's on my mind ? What ISN'T on my mind ? I mean , seriously . I'm worrying/thinking about now , then , and the future , at about the same time ... If I even being to explain what I'm thinking about it would take a year before I got through one aspect of my thoughts ... < PROPFEMALE > on . 
Piano sale ? I'm so there ... now , who's comin ' with me ? 
I have given an open invitation for something wonderful to be done ... so now do it already ! 
Mentally preparing to return to work on Monday ... 
Survived my first day back to work .... 
I love Brain Toniq ! 
You know that song that you listen to when someone has ripped your heart out and left you lifeless ? \Live Again\ " by BTE was that song for me ... Funny . It doesn't do what it did to me before . I must be over it . :) " 
Work is not so bad , but the real work starts when I get home ... 
Ipod at work during lunch is awesome ! 
I actually went outside to enjoy the beautiful day today ! 
It's Sunday and I've been promised a walk to the park later with the kiddos ... But there's also yard work to finish up , laundry and I believe a Red Sox game ... so we shall see . 
.. can't think of anything witty or interesting to post at the moment ... 
< PROPFEMALE > kissed < PROPMALE > on the forehead and < PROPMALE > smiled at her ... aaaaaw .... 
... was my brain always like this ? or is its malfunction due to something recent ?... 
And so who the heck am I anyway ?? 
... the weekend .... sometimes it's more challenging than the work week ... 
... forgot how powerful a smile can be ... 
Alone with the babies from about two until after < PROPFIRST > gets back from the football game in Denver ... what should we do ? hmmm ... 
I hate that I forgot my Ipod and that my allergies are still making me sound stuffed up , but love that I brought some books to read and that my nose being clogged helps me not sing through my nose ... 
\one side will make your grow taller and one side will make you grow smaller . \"" 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
I feel in love with < PROPFIRST > all over again today ... just thinking of him .. sorry if that is sickenly sweet ... 
He gets so excited to see the Hawkeyes play and then it's just cursing up a storm ... I don't see how it's fun . 
I need a maid and a professional organizer to do an overhaul , plus some extra money to pay for it all ..... SOL for now , I guess . 
anyone else working on Labor Day ? 
I'm at work and almost my entire team is here with me . Crazy day ! I'm usually practically alone on holiday workdays ... 
Lo siento , Yo no recuerdo mucho espanol ! Ayudame ! 
:: Insert exceptionally intelligent , intuitive and/or entertaining quote here :: 
\You think I just dish it out . You don't think I take it at all ... You think I'm usually wearing the pants just cause I rarely wear a dress ... \"" 
What doesn't kill me does not necessarily make me stronger , but at least it doesn't kill me . 
Hoping to win a bunch of money from HGtv .... uh huh .... 
is wondering if anyone else has a blog ... anyone ? 
I should be sleeping !!! so I think I will . Finally . 
< PROPFEMALE > tired ... but it's ok . I'm at that giddy , hyper stage ... waiting for a crash . 
... still grinnin ' ... keep me laughing ... 
... working Saturday ... 
is excited about having a full and busy weekend , but not looking forward to the inevitable exhaustion this Monday . 
up again with < PROPMALE > all night it seems ... 
... if I didn't have children I would still be sleeping right now , for certain ! 
is so exhausted and I didn't even host a 2 yo's birthday party ... 
... mmm ... < PROPFIRST > made chili ... 
... if I let him cry he wakes up the whole house ... if I keep him from crying it just keeps me awake ... 
is not always the most sophisticated , intelligent , beautiful , tactful , or professional person , but I try my best to treat people as I would like to be treated . 
has found that I just go , go , go all the time and I have had very little time to stop and smell the roses , so to speak . 
really wants to get home and cuddle on the couch with the family and watch an entertaining and meaningless movie ... 
How very special are we For just a moment to be Part of life's eternal rhyme How very special are we To have on our family tree Mother Earth and Father Time 
okay , I will comply ... Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this as your status so that I may leave a word about you ... ( and whoever says \awesome\ " first gets a cookie . ) " 
hmmm ... haven't listened to real , actual , rock music for a while ... adrenaline rush . 
.... have been listening to Move by Thousand Foot Crutch on repeat ... makes me wanna jump in a mosh pit ... 
has taken it down a few notches so I no longer feel like starting a mosh pit at work ... decided that would be a problem . 
... so ... yeah .. I'm home for the night . Tomorrow there will be karaoke . Yes . There will be . 
thinks it was a fun night ! Luckily < PROPMALE > was awake to greet me so I get to stay up even longer ! 
is having a lazy day . 
hmmm ... yeah .... so I don't remember sleeping last night ... running on fumes and caffeine today . 
is still tired ... though I think I did sleep at least some ... 
is NOT tired AT ALL , just feeling GREAT and very AWAKE ... 
just wants to get all hopped up on energy drinks and go go go ... too much time is wasted when sleeping , and I've got stuff to do . :D 
is up with the hubby watching < PROPFEMALE > Knight make chicken and waffles .... 
: the war wages on , the daily battles bring some loss and some vicotry , but the war paint goes on and I < PROPMALE > my armor , choose my weapons carefully , and face each day with the spirit of a hero , believing that what I am do matters . 
is feeling rather cold this morning .... 
is feeling rather run down today ... would like to crash out right now ... I may fall asleep sitting up . 
... an hour left until the weekend .. just another hour ... hold on for one more hour ... 
is curious what it's like to sleep ... 
is looking forward to a relaxing weekend that won't happen . 
feels like hardly anything got done and the day is practically over . 
has done less housework than what was needed , but I suppose it's ok since I did get to spend time with my children and they are soooo adorable . 
is feeling rather chilly again this morning . I hope it warms up a bit towards afternoon since I'm supposed to < PROPFEMALE > out in Manitou later . < PROPFEMALE > , will you be around ? :) 
is totally out of it . It should be illegal for me to work under these conditions . 
is leaving Wednesday for Iowa . Long drive . Two kids . Oh boy . 
is feeling pretty good today . What's up with that ? :) 
is heading out to Iowa tonight . 
actually got internet access , and did make it to Iowa safe and sound ! 
is back home and everyone arrived in one piece . Iowa , mahalo for the ego boost ! :) 
is feeling a bit tired , but still geekin ' out a little from the Iowa trip . 
is pontificating ... 
is pondering pontification ... 
wants to have an amazing dream , wake up feeling refreshed and have a perfect day tomorrow . 
sings , \I never thought that I could be getting my grey hair with you beside me ... etc ... I wanna get almost too familiar but still notice the way that you walk ... \"" 
is feeling extremely ADD right now ... or maybe ADHD ... 
is very happy today thinking about my friends and my family ... 
Baby rolled over for the first time tonight !! 
likes pop songs redone by Hawaiian artists .. 
is feeling good again today ... it's the little things in life ... 
wants to go home and watch the New < PROPFEMALE > preview again .... 
wants to go home and sleep ... 
is listening to the New < PROPFEMALE > soundtrack ... the music in these movies is one of the most redeeming qualities ... it is really quite beautiful . 
... \I haven't slept in weeks ... you're the only one I see .. \"" 
is pondering the possibilities ... which song ... so many choices .... 
is exhausted . 
is thankful for a quick nap , but wondering what tonight will bring .. 
got her head checked by a jumbo jet . It wasn't eas-eh , but nothin ' i-is . Woo hoo ! 
spoke with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > today . 
is thinking about all that she has , and it is way better than nothing . 
is pondering if dressing up for halloween this year would be fun and if I do what I would be ... any suggestions ? 
wants to thank you for being my friend on FB or otherwise . :) 
is concerned about my taste level while watching Project Runway . 
is wondering when the children will actually sleep without having me hold them ... both of them .... something has gotta give . 
is wishing and hoping , and realizes she's just a dreamer , but would rather be a dreamer because looking at what could be possible is much better than believing it all to be impossible , imho . 
is undecided 
It was nice to know you , if only for a while/To come and go with a sweet hello/And a bittersweet goodbye ... And if every new beginning/Is just another's end/Tell me love , why should I begin/Again . \Hey Love\ " BTE 2009 " 
is surprised how close it is to the end of the year ... It's going to be 2010 ?? omg . I'm gettin ' old . Quick ! Someone stop the clock ! 
wants to give everyone a big hug ..... especially you ! 
is surprised that people in Colorado are so wimpy about the snow .... every school is closed ( almost ) ... this is nothing , people , nothing . 
is considering starting to tan again ... idk ... I have this nice really pale white skin right now ... I can blend in with the snow .... and I have less of a < PROPMALE > of skin cancer .... but I also look awesome with a tan .... and it's warm in those tanning beds ... hmm ... cancer or look good .... tough one . 
should drink less coffee . 
is a muse d 
... stupid red alert ... 
is feeling artsy today ... 
is a battle poet ... WHAT ?!... oh my . 
is amazing . Convinced ? 
is wanting to be asleep still but the kiddies are up .... I didn't think it would be responsible to leave them and go back to bed .... 
is listening to Thriller on vinyl ... 
is wondering why the doorbell has stopped ringing ... hardly anyone this year ... hmmm ... 
is bringing in < PROPFEMALE > to work on Monday . 
has < PROPFEMALE > at her desk . 
Update : I have < PROPFEMALE > at my desk and I want YOU to eat it ... so I don't . :) 
Hoy es el < PROPFEMALE > de los muertes ! 
is unsatisfied ... but never being satisfied helps me keep reaching for what I really want ... I don't want to be complacent . 
is not concerned ... 
feels the combination of being hyper and sitting around all day at a desk in front of a computer where I have the option of communicating with a multitude of people could be a very bad thing .... 
is fine . Thanks . 
is pensively pondering possibilities both real and surreal . 
... how frustrating to have friends that I can hardly ever , if ever , see ... talk to ... sit on the couch and watch movies with ... or go get a drink with ... or do whatever seems pleasant to do ... just know I'm thinking about you , if that helps . 
is excited about walking down to Good Company tonight . It feels like it's gonna be a good night ... gonna have to load up on caffeine before I go ... 
hopes everyone will have a wonderful night tonight , with or without me . 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
has < PROPFIRST > Fiasco's \Superstar\ " stuck in my head .... " 
is deciding what her status is ... married , yes ... other than that ... not sure . 
is thankful for the friends who inspire me . 
is thankful for love because of its limitless possibilities , its many forms , its healing power and for those who love me . 
... left early from work b/c < PROPFIRST > is sick . No worries . He seems to have food poisoning ... so far no one's dying . 
is thankful for the veterans who risk(ed ) it all to protect all of us . 
is thankful for fantasyland because sometimes reality is too annoying . 
is thankful for the rebels , the true non-conformists , and the malcontents for driving change , creating masterpieces , insisting on diversity of thought and of diversity in general . 
is thankful for those who do the work I cannot do , will not do , should not do , and have not done . 
is thankful for friends with kids too . :) 
is thankful for the < PROPMALE > to raise a family . 
... there's a lot of cake here if anyone wants some ... come on over . 
is thankful things not being as bad as they could be . 
is thankful that things are not as bad as they could be , and people are not as mad as they could be . 
is thankful for sunshine during cold weather . 
is so so thankful that < PROPFEMALE > is ok !! She was trying to be Evil Kneivil last night ... 
is thankful for friends I can talk to ... 
is thankful for forgiveness . 
.... AAARGH ... stupid MD fraud training ... 
is thankful for the release of NEW < PROPFEMALE > ... yay ! Haterz just lay off . I'm 30 going on 13 . 
is thankful for how sweet and cute my children can be ... 
If you are working today ( Progressive people ) and would like to see the babies , < PROPFIRST > will be here with them shortly ! :) 
thinks 30 is going to be great ... anyone who wants to tell me differently can just keep it to themselves . :) 
is thankful for a few moments of peace and quiet . 
is thankful for la musica . 
is thankful for wtg , wth , wtf , t < PROPMALE > l , gtg , lol , rofl , roflmao , < PROPMALE > , yw , etc , etc .. because why should I < PROPMALE > pe out the entire phrase or really explain myself when I can just get away with an acronym , make someone feel like I thought their joke was great , and I get away with saying \bad words\ " in inappropriate places ! " 
is thankful for movies that make me cry . 
is thankful for the fireflies and the stars . 
is thankful for five minute breaks while at work on the day before the holiday ... 
is so ready to be off this freakin ' phone ! 
yes yes , of course , Happy Thanksgiving .... time for gluttony . 
is happy that < PROPFIRST > said this Thanksgiving was one of his favorites . 
is giving you a hug . 
wants to go hiking ... anyone want to come with me ? It will be fun . It's nighttime so most of the bears will be sleeping and if we run into one we probably won't know since it's dark . 
wants to go some place warm for a while . 
is so excited that it's the weekend .... I forgot it was here . 
is working , oh yay ! Working , drinkin ' coffee ... looking at FB ... come on , it's a good day . 
has been up with both kiddos tonight , both are coughing and unhappy .. :( But at least I got to share this with all of you . 
is incredibly lucky . That is all . 
is so tired .. kids were battling to see who could keep me up the longest again last night . Taking a half day from work , at least until < PROPFIRST > can get home . < PROPFEMALE > has a fever . 
is now sick along with the poor kiddos . At least I can take meds to help . 
is having a difficult time preparing for the holidays and getting things mailed out b/c I feel like hell . 
is relatively happy despite being sick ... 
is confused ... 
is not going to worry about it today ... really ... what ?! 
is excited that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > will be joining us for Christmas this year . < PROPFIRST > promises not to stab himself in the hand this time . 
is so pissed that this is the week we break the glass cooktop . 
finds it difficult to go to work when there is so much to do at home . 
is wanting to siiiiiinnggg .... 
... um .... yup .... hi . :: waves :: 
just has this feeling that playing in the snow would be especially fun today ... 
... is soooo freaking bored ... I need something to stimulate me intellectually ... 
thinks her cleverness is underrated 
is especially excited to see < PROPFEMALE>'s face when she walks out to all her presents under the tree tomorrow morning ... 
.... omg ... I talked to < PROPFIRST > White's wife .... I wonder if it is the same guy ... 
is all of the sudden sad that Christmas day is almost over .... and I'm at work . :( Oh well ... still more fun to come . 
is going out w/ the family after nap time . < PROPFIRST>'s painting our spare room magenta right now ... not the whole thing , the bottom halves of the walls will be \grape popsicle . \"" 
wants to start recording music but we are having technical difficulties . Anyone out there good with hardware/software compatiability and troubleshooting computer problems ?? 
... This one's for you , < PROPMALE > ! 
is thinking about < PROPMALE > ... and < PROPFEMALE > ... and < PROPMALE > ... and < PROPMALE > ... and < PROPFEMALE > ... and < PROPFIRST > ... and < PROPMALE > ... and < PROPFEMALE > ... and < PROPFEMALE > again ... 
< PROPMALE > ! 
is a bit worried about next week after < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > leaves because now < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are used to having her around .... and so am I !!! 
.... okay ... just so you know ... \direct deposit\ " is what your work does so you get your paycheck deposited into your account ... EFT is not a direct deposit . Why in the world would an insurance company have \ " direct deposit\ " into your account ?? ... " 
is interested in seeing what happens this year .... no babies for me this year ... but what else could possibly happen ?? 
Yay !!! Yippie ! Woooooooooooooooooooooohooooooooooooo !!!! That is all . 
imma be < PROPMALE > , baby ... 
Just 40 more minutes ... Trying to find my happy place to get me through ... 
F**kin ' A . 
I'd be fine right now if I could have slept as much as I wanted ... 
Oh work , I loathe thee today ... but I will survive cause I'm a survivor ... 
is trying not to think about it too much today ... 
.... okay .... so things may not be quite as bad as I initially thought .. but still not great ... maybe not even good ... but ... at least maybe there's hope ... 
is .... um .. tired . 
.... oh and by the way .. like , Go Hawks , or some stuff ... 
... well ... whaddayaknow ... the Hawkeyes won . :) 
.... BIG HUGE :: sigh :: ... it's so difficult ... 
.... I live ... they live ... we live ... let's live better ... all of us . 
.... florescent green ! 
... white ! 
... flourescent green ... again ... with dark green polka dots ... 
... so I know it's my job to answer this phone ... and why is it annoying me so much when the call comes in ... one after afreakin ' nother .... 
is wishing work wouldn't be so much like work ... and I'm sore from Just Dance which is making it annoying to sit up all day in this stupid chair in front of this stupid computer all day ... 
... okay ... so I get a day off tomorrow ... < phew > 
is in it for the long haul ... \they know I have you ... \"" 
is interested in becoming independently wealthy ... 
is starting a new schedule on 1/31 ... 10 hours on Saturday and Sunday , then M , Th-F 4-10 ... Getting my wisdome teeth out on 1/22 b/c I am running out of time especially with the schedule change . Found out that the fridge has been leaking and now we have to replace at least part of the kitchen floor . Come on Tax return !! Big money , no wammies !! Anything else you would like to know ? Please ask . :) 
mentioned her current work out routine right ? Oh yeah , it's Wii ... Just Dance . Every night , baby . Well , except last night . And the night before . And probably not tonight either . 
... \There is still death in the lands beyond the fields we know \"" 
is staying positive . Yes . Things will be fine . I have pictured my goal and hopefully that helps me achieve it . Oh shoot ... now I just pictured another goal ... and um .. there's another ... completely different ... I'm supposing this doesn't work if I have more than one goal in mind . 
... does this sweater make me look fat ? Don't be honest . 
is looking forward ... 
is a parent , apparently , isn't it apparent ? 
is a poet , in case you didn't know it ... and my poetry may be terrible , but it's being written anyway . 
Starting now , post a picture of someone fictional that you think best represents your personality . Be creative . Copy and paste this so we can all play along 
is excited about having wisdom teeth removed tomorrow ... what fun to have surgery ! What fun , the unknowing ! What fun that hubby will be main caretaker of the children while I just < PROPFEMALE > out and watch movies all day and all weekend .... unless I feel ok . In which case ... I must be Mom . 
has survived the wisdom teeth removal . 
hmmm .... so I may have over done it ... and now my mouth hurts more today than yesterday ... how dare I attempt to eat one day after wisdom teeth removal ! 
is having fun talking today . It's difficult to pronounce some words when I can't open my mouth ... Haha customer ! I have you now ! I have the answer and can't give it to you because I can't talk ! 
... become a fan of Einstein bagels ... free bagel coupon for ya ' ... ! 
if I did this correctly .... my fine is $600.60 . What ?! So ! You know you did too ! 
thinks it's true that it is more painful a few days after the surgery .... ow . 
thinks it maybe should have been illegal for her to drive home .... I think I may be tripping . 
is ready for my close up .... I love the lovely green and yellow tint to my puffy cheeks .... 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? 
feels green . 
wants to go out dancing sometime .... anyone ? 
During this week change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you have been told you look like .... and repost this 
is going for an emergency dental appointment tomorrow ... apparently something is wrong . Yay . 
is fine . Got an antibiotic . No dry sockets . The gigantic bruise on my face is normal , according to the dr , for someone with a mouth as small as mine because of how much they have to stretch my face to yank teeth from my skull . Nice . 
... on the nightstand ... 
is going to try to enjoy her last Saturday off . 
is actually pretty surprised at how busy it has been today . People are weird on Sunday . 
is not at work and it feels weird . 
\The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt\ " . ~ Bertrand < PROPFIRST > " 
is leaving , but not on a jetplane , in a car , from work to home . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
thought it was going to be a crazy , crazy day because < PROPFEMALE > got up and just starting running around screaming ... almost from the instant she was awake ... but things have settled now . Just waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get back from his interview . :: fingers crossed :: He looked damn sexy when he left , but I'm not sure the guy interviewing him will care about that . 
What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Google it ... then copy and paste this to your profile .... Mine : Magic - < PROPFEMALE > Newton-John 
needs a professional organizer ... and a maid . 
had a 20 minute time frame where it would have been possible to shower when the children had an overlap in their naptimes ... maybe when I get home from work tonight ... I chose to do laundry and dishes instead . 
... my goodness my new schedule is weird . This is gonna take some gettin ' used to . 
has pre-ordered a copy of New < PROPFEMALE > on Amazon.com . Can't wait to see it again since i didn't get a < PROPMALE > to go back to see it in the theater ... BUT !!! < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland with < PROPFIRST > Depp is looking awesome , so I will have to make some time for that in March . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from Rectal Cranial Inversion . Rectal Cranial Inversion , otherwise known as Head Up Your Ass Syndrome , affects the lives of many . There is still no known cure for Rectal Cranial Inversion , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , mainly because ... they already suffer from RCI - 
blah blah blah . blah blah blah blah blah . blah . 
wishes she were at home with the fam . 
is beyond tired . < PROPMALE > was so happy to see me last night he decided sleep was unnecessary . 
thinks changing my schedule has effected the children a bit negatively . 
is trying to do everything at once .... too bad I only have these two little arms . 
made it through the grocery store and to home with both kids ... and even got them both to nap at about the same time .... have dinner in the slow cooker ... and now it's on to the housework . Yippiekihyay ... 
work is a break . 
hmmm .... yes .... hmmm ... very interesting . >> __ 
... Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! I'm at work for the next 10 hours ! woo hoo ! Love you . 
filled out the 9 month questionnaire for < PROPMALE > . I think he's pretty well developed , at least above average if not genius . 
is trying to get going this morning . Notice I am writing this on FB . 
< PROPMALE > slept in until 10 and < PROPFEMALE > is still asleep ! I just went to check on her and she's fine ... but it's freakin ' me out .. Usually everyone's up by 8:45 at the latest ! 
will be heading to Cincinnati Easter week . We are planning on eating some LaRosas's and Skyline - maybe Goldstar too , going to < PROPMALE>'s Island at least one day , we are getting tickets to see the Reds ... And hopefully Nonie is in good spirits though she would have returned from her cruise not too long before . Let me know if you'd like to join us ! 
is drinking coffee but it just seems to be putting me in a daze instead of waking me up . 
is wondering why so many people call their insurance company on a Friday night ... apparently I am not the only person with no life , eh . 
My body is not perfect but I nurtured a baby(2 ) and Im proud ! Too bad if we don't look perfect but every < PROPFIRST > , every line , and every bit of skin represents our beautiful babies and what we have done for them . Having a baby is no easy task , we are strong , we are brave and we should be proud of ourselves . Put this as your status if your a proud Mom !!! 
is really wondering why you would say \I have a question about my insurance policy\ " when calling your insurance company and were asked how you could be helped . Isn't that kinda a \ " duh\ " situation ... ? " 
is feeling like winter weather is forever and wants to move south !! 
is still cold . 
thinks pediatric doctors are arrogant , even more so when they too are mothers . 
... why didn't someone tell me about RuPaul's Drag Race sooner ?? :D 
is about to embark on a glorious adventure ... good night . See you in dreamland . 
: was not quite as successful this time as last in the grocery shopping arena . Got most of what we needed but will be heading to the store late , after work without the kids , to get the rest . Can I still be super mom ? 
is just feeling giggly - I smiled on every call , regardless of how I felt about the people I was talking to - 
has booked the hotel in Cincinnati - we will be leaving Saturday night after I get off work and getting to Muscatine by Sunday so the kids can see Grandma < PROPFEMALE > for Easter , then heading to Cincinnati that night . 
is feeling icky and cold ; I'm begging my body not to be sick . 
... come on ship , where are you ? ... 
is a bit upset that < PROPFEMALE > threw up four times starting around .... well ... maybe three ? or four ? ... I have a hunch it was a result of the interesting mix of foods she ended up eating yesterday , but still concerned ... 
is a bit refreshed though tired . 
has gotta do something because without doing anything I have nothing interesting to say . 
thought that < PROPFEMALE > was doing fine - went a whole day with no vomiting and she's vomitted twice today ! But she seems fine and happy inbetween upchucks ... no fever . I'm taking her to the doctor on Monday - or should I take her to emergency room ? 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > is in the clear .... finally . 
is anticipating perfect weather for the trip back to Cincinnati next month . Of course . 
the best laid plans of parents always go astray . 
wants so badly to finish the painting I started almost two years ago - anyone want to babysit continuously for the next three days ? 
is impressed about how cute my children are . 
is making my way in the world today and it takes everything I've got . Getting away from all my troubles sure would help a lot . 
is amazed .... 
is so happy ! < PROPMALE > has already started walking on his own ! I mean , just a few steps ... but he's only 9 1/2 mos old . He's amazing ! :) 
??????? If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this for the ones that make this the Home of the Free because of the Brave !!!! ??????????? 
is trying not to be annoying but apparently that is my nature . 
is so over this call after call every single time I'm at work schtuff ... 
is not happy about the snow ... I was looking forward to more spring-like weather . 
“The problems of the world cannot possibly be solved by skeptics or cynics whose horizons are limited by the obvious realities . We need men who can dream of things that never were . ” -- < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy ( Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ) 
is trying not to freak out anymore ... 
is much better now . Someone just slap me next time . 
wants to off to home head now going and be there . 
is pleased to announce her resignation from motherhood ... I'm sorry ... what was that ? you mean I can't ... this is for life ?! omg ... I had no idea . 
how much did you pay for your copy of New < PROPFEMALE > ? 
is going to be staying up all night singing - just for the heck of it . Anyone want to join me ? 
is at the mercy of golf courses seeking second assistants ... 
loves the banana song by the Aggrolites - Yo Gabba Gabba is so cool . :D 
had fun ... too bad < PROPFEMALE > needs naps because I would have < PROPMALE > out longer . 
is getting more and more excited about seeing Cincinnati again - it is good to get in touch with where I came from once in a while . 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! You may find it interesting to know what your FB friends first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence } --- Bush , Goo Goo Dolls and No Doubt in Dayton 
is tired but not . 
is wishing for the days when I could actually sleep in when I couldn't sleep the night before ... 
... for anyone interesting , I have recently updated the vandolahnews blog with some , I think , adorable video and pics . 
is feeling satisfied for the moment ... 
will be at work soon ... :: sigh :: ... another lonely night slaving away in front of a computer - 
needs something exciting - but non-tragic or traumatizing exciting - to happen ... I feel like I'm stuck in a mire unable to acquire what I < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is about to get some coffee so I can start feeling alive ... 
... where are we going , my beautiful friends 
is not THAT bad .. whatever , man . lol 
in what madness shall I find myself wrapped ? Yours or my own . 
' s been a bad , bad girl - I've been careless with a delicate man - and it's a sad , sad world when a girl breaks a boy just because she can .... 
... hey ... so ... what's up ? 
is tired . 
has two more days before I start the drive to Cincinnati - it's going to be a half family reunion too . :) 
is wondering how often I'll be truly awake on this \vacation . \ " :: sigh :: " 
... oh , it's April Fool's day ? I'm so with it . 
... so I'm all packed ... well , except for that ... and that ... oh and that ... um ... I may need to grab another bag ... 
Nice , got some unintentinal OT . Going home . 
will be at work tonight and then I'm off on the trek across the country - soon , Skyline , I shall have you ... 
is having difficulty focusing - just four more hours until I'm off work ... and then just about 15 until I'm in Eastern Iowa and ... then ... um ... 7 hours , maybe , until Cinci . Not too excited about the drive . But it will be a nice payoff , right ? 
I wanna go go go go go ... 
Just one more hour until I get to sit in a car for 15 hours ... 
Who will go to a Toad the Wet Sprocket concert with me in Boulder ? And who will babysit so I can go ?! 
Just finished the driving tour of my childhood homes in Cincinnati ; since being here I have eaten Skyline , Goldstar and LaRosa's been to a Red's game ; visited with my grandmother and my sister and her family ; my parents too . Time to go . 
being home is nice . Btw , thanks < PROPFEMALE > . 
wants to go back to living in a hotel where the laundry and cleaning is done for me . 
wants , wants , wants what she doesn't need , need , need . 
has so much to do and two many children to get in the way of what I need to do .... :P 
asks : What's going on ? 
is satisfied with my own insanity . It's enough crazy to be interesting and not so much as to be scary , I think . 
found some not matching chairs , except for the style of chair , and really want them ... but can't decide those two and a chaise lounge . 
didn't sleep last night . :( The kids did well at least . 
will be late for work 
is smarter than she looks ? LOL ... 
can't help feeling that the artist in her is about to explode into pieces of paint and poetry . 
hates that life gets in the way of life . 
had a wonderful day in Manitou Springs celebrating such a beautiful one - now I'm at work . Lame . 
thinks the tree made from recycled materials is actually rather beautiful . 
... wtf ... I totally just sat here not realizing what time it is ... time to go home !! I've just been sitting here taking calls not realizing that I only really get paid until 10:00 PM . lol 
is ready to sleep in ... when the kids are . 
... mas café por favor . 
is feeling unnecessarily depressed - stupid weather . 
needs some of this mop on my head chopped - ever seen a doll's hair that has been thrown in a box and stored for 10 years ? 
thinks life is cyclical but sometimes the circles aren't always drawn in the same spot . 
um ... so ... snow . That makes sense . 
is ready and willing to be amazing ; now let's see how well I can pull it off . 
is singing ( again ) ... \I want adventure in the great wide somewhereI want it more then life can telland for once it might be grandto have someone understandI want so much more then they've got planned . \"" 
is happy and she knows it , so if you see me randomly clapping my hands you'll know why . 
... can I get a d o-o ver ? 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there through thick and thin , love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall ( and give you a much needed dose of reality or swift kick in the butt , if necessary ) then copy and post this to your status . She or He will know who they are . ? 
is fond of you . Just so you know . 
is exhausted - 
is not just any mother , I am their mother , and that makes all the difference . 
... so what about this request , \Could I have your name and date of birth to verify ? \ " indicates I'm asking for you to spell your ridiculously long name as slowly as possible - " 
... yes , I am awake . Back in the ole days back in Iowa City I would have walked down to the Ped Mall , maybe gone to a bar , Tobacco bowl , or < PROPFEMALE>'s for breakfast ... 
thanks you for being a friend . :D I'm feeling old . 
You are never alone , not really . 
has one of those sexy low voices today ... oh yeah . How about some verbal voi ? 
is feeling the cold coming on .... I was trying to will it to stay away . 
.. omg ... omg ... this is it ... I may have an idea so smart my head would explode if I even began to know what I was talking about ... 
is most interested in the pursuit of happiness . 
has two gorgeous children and I'm celebrating them today . 
hoping all the mom's had wonderful days today . :) 
is confused ... if I'm your friend on FB does that mean we're friends in \real\ " life too ? " 
is a bit exhausted . 
is amazed at how abusive people can be when something has not been completed to their satisfaction despite the insignificant nature of the situation . 
is actually going out tonight ! Woo hoo ! 
had fun last night . Ate some sushi at Tako , and sang some songs in the lowest octave I can reach - U2's \One\ " and Black Crowes \ " She Talks to Angels . \ " It was nice that < PROPFIRST > and I got to have a conversation . " 
.. hmm ... so not interesting ? uh ... sorry , then , I've got nothing . 
: < PROPMALE>'s birthday is on May 23rd . Not going to officially send out invitations because I went all out for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday and no one showed - so just let me know if you would like to come , and please do . You are invited . There will be cake and ballons , some sorts of activities planned . 
is pondering ... 
while you yell at your woman another desires to speak in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , insult , and degrade her , another will remind her how great she is . While you're violent towards your woman another will want to show her gentleness . While you make her cry others are willing to steal her smile . Post as your status to protest violence against women . 
... okay ... so ... I'm thinking we'll do a balloon release ( I have done some research on environmental effects and all is well ) and have a bubble machine if we can be outside - grill out , birthday cake , adult drinks for those who qualify , kiddie drinks for those who don't ... just an excuse to get together and celebrate that my kid made it to a year old . He is a genius . 
is gonna have a long day at work ... a very long day ... 
is interested in you . 
feels stronger than yesterday ... lol 
... < PROPMALE>' jungle themed outdoor fun fest is coming together rather well ... I'll be there . :D Now the weather best be cooperating . 
is ready to kick this 10 hour day into yesterday . :D 
... oh Monday , how you antagonize me ... 
is truly ready for some consistently warm weather ... 
is awake .... sorta . 
so < PROPFEMALE > is running around yelling , \Super Bunny ! \"" 
thinks < PROPMALE > needs a longer nap , but he apparently does not think so . And I thought I would actually get a moment to myself . 
loves birthdays ... 
is here for you because I understand that we all have strife and we have all had hardship in one way or another ; and whether it is physical , mental and/or emotional , just know that more than anything in the world I wish that I could make things right - and though I am truly powerless to really do so , it will never keep me from trying . 
is still excited about Sunday ... it might be a beautiful day ... keep your fingers crossed for me . 
it is confirmed . Yes . I am amazing . 
is going to visit < PROPFIRST > at work with the kiddos . Pretty day to be up on the mesa . 
is anticipating a good day tomorrow ... oh yes , it will be a good day ! < PROPMALE > is 1 year old ! 
is thinking this is going to be a fabulous day ! :D Happy Birthday , < PROPMALE > !! 
... thank you to all who joined us to celebrate < PROPMALE>' first birthday . It was a good day . 
wants to say something interesting but all I have to say seems mundane . 
would just like to say : in good times , in bad times , I'll be by your side forever more ... :D 
... grr ... stupid nightly cycle ... stupid SAR ... :: sigh :: .... 
... oh yeah ... I came in second in the karaoke contest . And one of the reasons that I never tried out for American Idol - if I'm only second place at a hole-in-the-wall bar in Colorado Springs I'd never make it ... ;) 
had one of those nights where there is just no sleeping , and the more I desired sleep the less likely it seemed I would sleep . :: sigh :: 
is stalking my prey in the night and I'm watching you all with the eye of the tiger ... I'm sooo intimidating , I know ... 
is willing to make life more interesting ... absolutely . 
is ready for some fun ... 
is wishing everyone a safe and happy Memorial Day - do remember those who have fallen , but celebrate the life we have such a short time to live to the fullest ! 
it's such a beautiful day ... :: sigh :: 
is amazed at how < PROPFEMALE > has quickly figured out how to count and seems to be speaker better everyday ... from last week to this week even . Kids are so cool . Anyone know much about that \foreign\ " language program for kids and if it's worth purchasing ? " 
okay , so I researched Muzzy and it's like 200.00 bucks per program ... do you think it will be worth it ? I want my kids to be fluent in other languages . I always wish I had been more devoted to learning languages .... 
had fun ; despite the thunderstorm downpour complete with hail the zoo was a pretty good time . 
is mostly dead ... not all dead . Toooo blaaaaveee .... 
finds that while I'm on the phone working the quote I most often think about is from Blazing Saddles : \You’ve got to remember that these are just simple farmers . These are people of the land . The common < PROPMALE > of the new West . You know morons . \"" 
... \you are so money ; you are so money and you don't even know it . \"" 
loves thinking about those fleeting moments that were beautiful then and beautiful now as memories that can be replayed whenever i want ... 
Posted more pics on vandolahnews.blogspot.com . Just a few from the zoo and such . 
wanted cute , fun family pictures but ended up with one nice shot of < PROPMALE > . 
thinks taking two children under the age of 3 to the grocery store is a great way to teach humility . 
... so you are so lucky because I am updating my status , yet again , to let you know that I'm at work , and despite that fact I am going to have a good night ... okay ?! Good then . And I like the Eclipse Sdtrck . Anyone gotta problem with that ? :D 
are you sleeping ? 
is waiting to go to work ... I may fall asleep ... at work ... on the keyboard with someone going \hello ?! hello ?! \ " in my ear . " 
forgets that to most everyone else this day feels somewhat important because of the weekend to come ... 
is thinking of getting a new cell phone provider and needing to find an indestructible cell phone ... 
... yeah .... strange weather . 
loves writing late at night , or early morning , because I seem to have better thoughts on life when I'm nearly not alive . 
... why are people combative tonight ? Is there something going on I don't know about ? Is it be angry at Progressive day ? Seriously , almost every person I've spoken with ... 
How many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list ? Here's a task for you ... I want all my facebook friends to post how you met me ( only if they really want to ) . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get ... This might be interesting ! 
fit into pants I haven't worn since before I was prego .... only one pair - the others are apparently made of a smaller 5/6 measurement - but it does seem to indicate the pretzel and coffee diet is working . 
thinks it's awesome that if I ask < PROPFEMALE > if she wants to \rock out\ " she requests that I put Heart on the record player and we have to play \ " Alone\ " first ... lol " 
just got back from < PROPFEMALE>'s . Sometimes it's just nice to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone who knows what I'm talking about ... 
is ready for a nap ... but then I'm going to work very shortly ... think I could take a nap at work ? 
is not sure if I should just let go and feel satisfied or if I should try to keep myself disatisfied so I'm always striving for something ... 
knows why the kids won't nap today ... because we get to go to a birthday party later where there will be other children and adults to see how terribly they react to no sleep mixed with cupcakes .... 
... ugh , seriously , how many nasty angry elderly people are going to call me before the end of the night ? 
is excited about going to see Eclipse . No , really , I am . I already have my ticket . It is the day after the release , so I think that makes me a little less crazy than some . 
Happy Father's Day to all the daddies out there ! ( Especially my babies ' daddy ! ) 
would enjoy having the day off but can't afford losing 10 hours and finds that most people will not help me recover the hours .... so Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > ! I'll see you tomorrow ! 
is excited about the possibility of a few day trip to New Mexico in the near future , the one night stay in < PROPMALE > on Wednesday , and yeah , still have much excited anticipation about seeing Eclipse ... 
will be heading up to < PROPMALE > tomorrow : < PROPFIRST>'s going to the baseball game while the kids and I < PROPFEMALE > out at the hotel to swim and such . Anyone want to join us ? ... it might be a long night ... 
So , yup , going to < PROPMALE > with two 2 1/2 yos , 1 yo , and a 9 yo today .. I'm excited . No , really , I am . I think it will be fun . < PROPFEMALE > out in the pool for a while , watch movies , play flashlight tag and dance around wearing glow bracelets while < PROPFIRST>'s at a baseball game ... then go to the zoo the next day . I really am a mom , huh ? :D 
is happy I didn't lose any children at the zoo ! 
is full time again ... added 3 1/2 hours to my weekly schedule . Yay ? 
pulled out Muse \The Resistance\ " again this morning ... I always seem to have to replay \ " Undisclosed Desires\ " - like Pringles ... " 
would reach for the < PROPFEMALE > but I don't think it will be very helpful because it's just a rock floating in space . 
Sex is nature , and I believe in going along with nature . -- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
... who wants to babysit on the 14th of July ? Anyone ? Any takers ? 
.... LOL \T as in Tater .. \ " LOL " 
will have the next three days off ! Yay ! Eclipse on Thursday ! yay ! And < PROPFIRST > and I are going out Thursday night for our four year anniversary ! Yay ! 
When I came here , I couldn't speak a word of English , but my sex life was perfect . Now my English is perfect but my sex life is rubbish . -- < PROPFIRST > Iglesias 
thank you Auto-Brew . 
so < PROPFEMALE > doesn't like to , refuses to , or cannot pronounce \melon\ " so she calls it \ " lemons\ " ... was very confusing before I knew what she was talking about ... " 
... my goodness ! it looks like I've just been sitting at the computer all morning ... I haven't , but it looks like it doesn't it ? Seriously ... so , I'm going for a walk with the kiddos ... the laundry can wait . 
:: bouncing :: :: bouncing :: :: bouncing :: 
... I enjoyed it , thank you . 
.... I mean , really ?! Really ?! Red Alert on the 4th of July ? Don't you people have beers to drink and illegal fireworks to set off ?! 
had a nice time at the fireworks up on the mesa - < PROPMALE > was scared and spent most of his time with his head against my chest under a blanket ; and < PROPFEMALE > didn't like the noise but couldn't take her eyes away ... the end result is that she likes fireworks ( from a distance ) . 
is not ready to accept defeat ! My house can be clean for more than an hour I am certain ... there must be hope ! 
... it's my Tuesday , what's the big deal ?! lol ... So many TGIF statuses today ... 
is ready to face my 10 hour day lacking sleep .... 2 cups of coffee please ... and more later . 
is ready to take on the world ... after I get some rest .. in about 18 years or so . 
was unprepared for < PROPFIRST>'s friend to arrive because my phone was on silent and I just checked it as < PROPMALE > drove into our driveway . Wonderful . House is a mess ... well , not too bad ... lol ... Sorry < PROPFIRST > . 
is ready for a fun night out tonight . Fun , I tell you ! Fun ! So it best be fun ! 
... so ... yes , I ordered the collection of Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy on paperback from Amazon and rec'd the Ingmar Bergman DVD collection ... Not sure how those relate to each other .... 
... lol ... fushigi ! .... lol .... 
.... so did I embarrass myself last night or what ?! lol 
remembers playing in the pit in the highschool marching band listening while we all attempted to play songs from the movie Far and Away ... Should we get the band back together ? 
Wanted : Roommate . Good with kids . Willing to babysit while parents sleep . 
is bored . Who wants to skip out on work and go play in the mountains ? 
is back from Manitou Springs - what ? I didn't tell you I was going ? I know . We stayed overnight , seriously . 
Okay , so just an early reminder that Ms. < PROPFEMALE > and I are having a birthday party celebrating the birth of ourselves on 8/21 and she is graciously hosting it . I will remind you throughout the rest of July and into August so hopefully people show up ... :) 
has a headache like hungover ... but I swear I didn't have one drink . 
knows that being a millionaire is unlikely to be in my future but as long as the birthday party with < PROPFEMALE > Sarbacher turns out well I know my life will be fulfilled ... So I hope everyone's making plans to show up . :) 
... one of those days ... just one of those days where I feel like I need some good ole scream therapy ... 
... hi all ! My good friend and daycare lady is looking for more work ; if anyone knows of anyone looking for a cleaning lady or a wonderful and caring daycare lady please let me know so I can forward her information . She will be available for cleaning T-F anywhere from 8- 2:30 and daycare availability is flexible - let her know what you need . K . thanks . 
.. hi all ! My good friend and daycare lady is looking for more work ; if anyone knows of anyone looking for a cleaning lady or a wonderful and caring daycare lady please let me know so I can forward her information . She will be available for cleaning T-F anywhere from 8- 2:30 and daycare availability is flexible - let her know what you need . K . thanks . 
is seriously suffering - I think it's allergies . It feels like allergies . But I'm not used to having allergies - my eyes are puffy and watering , my nasal passages clogged and I have this sorta itchy feeling ... I took a Clariton , but I'm not clear ... 
is unwilling to accept to defeat - but I'm not quite sure what battle I'm trying to win . 
and I'm listening to \I'm So Ordinary\ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE >." 
Love you , love your show ! 
Okay ... talk to me . What's going on with you ? 
okay ... so < PROPFIRST > , here ya ' go : What I'm listening to : \Ain't No Rest for the Wicked\ " - Cage the Elephant . " 
is feeling like ... celebrating being 30 by acting 21 . And the celebration may be lasting for a few months ... at least ... lol . Now who's babysitting ?! 
Thank you for the birthday wishes ! Really helps the hangover ... LOL ... :: sigh :: 
... my mind is racing , my body is still , and work is slow ... 
When < PROPFEMALE > eyes are smiling , Sure , ' tis like the morn in Spring . In the lilt of < PROPFEMALE > laughterYou can hear the angels sing . When < PROPFEMALE > hearts are happy , All the world seems bright and gay . And when < PROPFEMALE > eyes are smiling , Sure , they steal your heart away . 
... okay , so seriously , party ... 8/21 ... it will be fun , darn it . So please come . < PROPFEMALE > out . Celebrate life with us ! 
is feeling a little distracted and finding it difficult to pay attention to the customers at work . 
... I'm an innie not an outtie but I'm outtie for now . 
... let's dance . 
..... seriously ... 8 inch heels . Bam . 
I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love with you more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life . ? 
.... not sure I like endings in most cases ... but I suppose they are inevitable in many . And yeah , every ending means a \new beginning\ " but sometimes that beginning gets washed away in the continuity of the life that hasn't changed because of the ending ... " 
is status-free . 
thinks the last hour of work is excruciating some nights ... 
tries not to hate it when people say \at least it's Friday \"" 
is in the market for a piano - anyone know much about pianos ? ' cause I don't want to buy one off craigslist for 200 bucks , get it moved , and find out it can't be tuned .... 
Lesson 2 : If you do not pay your insurance your policy \lapses ;\ " a building may \ " collapse . \ " Lesson 3 : You may experience a \ " cancellation\ " of the policy but \ " cancelfication\ " is not a word . " 
had been planning on going to < PROPMALE > Park this morning with the family for a hike and now < PROPFIRST > is \resting\ " and have a feeling we won't be going . " 
is working ... attempting to work ... trying not to fall asleep on the keyboard ... g ftnnnp0- 
... love is our resistance ... 
Hey , so Saturday , August 21st is this Saturday and I just wanted to make sure you all knew that it is going to be a super-fantastic day , so everyone should come < PROPFEMALE > out with the coolest Leo-ettes in CS ... well , at least we think we are ... that's why we take pictures of ourselves all the time ... and blue evening dresses to a daytime event ... and red lipstick ... and 8 inch heels ... 
was glancing over at the McDonald's advertisement over on the right hand side of the screen and thought it said \The Simple Joy of Anus . \"" 
is sooooooooooooo excited about the party on Saturday . Aren't you ?! 
is really annoyed that allergies have developed now - I thought I was in the clear ! I've never had allergies before . Crazy life . 
omg , omg , omg .... it's nearly here ... are you ready ? Are you ready , people ? 
This is my Monday ... Again , I repeat , this is my Monday ... Either stay clear or offer remedy ... 
Ugh . 
tries not to wait for time to remember it forgot about me . 
.... so ... I may be a day away from having a piano in my possession ... :: bouncing :: 
: “Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own” and \Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . \"" 
Okay , so ... yup .. Saturday , August 21st is upon us ... do you have your party hats , dresses and such ready to go ?! Cause it's gonna be fun ... :D Please show up ! You are invited ! The welcome mat is out ! 
bought a piano ... we have a piano . We bought a piano . I did cry , a little , on the way home from seeing it and giving the person half the money ... just a little . 
finds planning is futile . 
... it's only a flesh wound . 
..... just dance ... it'll be okay .... 
needs a life explosion .... 
I don't care what people say\ 
The rush is worth the price I pay\ 
I get so high when you're with me\ 
But crash and crave you when you are away ... because ... 
... lol ... gossip I laugh at you ... and even from the horse's mouth I will laugh at you all the more for that horse talking at all ... 
wants you to know that even when I'm not dancing I'm dancing . 
must find motivation to do what is not motivational . 
likes everyone to know that I LOL 
... no really ... I'm listening to Savage Garden .. \The Animal Song\ " and I like it ... honestly . " 
wants you to know , she wants you to know right now ... that she's going to write music and hoping it will be good someday . 
thinks my night last night was super , hella fun . How was yours ? 
wants to know if I publish a collection of poetry would you want to buy a copy ? 
.... so ... it's in the envelope to send off to be copyrighted ... and the title is a little bit lame , but ... whatever ... lol . :: bouncing :: Now ... who wants to publish the next great poet of the century ... 
... ah heck . self doubt is creeping ... :: sigh :: 
... so , probably will self publish a few books , but I am submitting the manuscript to a few poetry book contests ... I'm kinda laughing about the prospect that I will win out of all the talent poets out there ... but , may as well right ? All I have to lose is my $25.00 entry fee . 
... he seriously asked if the endorsement would change his premium \dramastically . \ " Nice . " 
.... red alert on Labor Day ? It's a beautiful day , don't you have better things to do ? ... 
is going to have a difficult time through the second half of my day ... 
... um ... does anyone know how to get a high resolution pic on my digital camera ? So far I've traversed the settings and I got nothing .... anyone ? 
is going to go < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > Sarbacher tonight ! Yay ! 
was only slightly disappointed that there was no Jell-o wrestling , but I did enjoy the Poet's Punch - I must say that whiskey is not my favorite , though . 
... seriously needs to find new homes for two of my cats ... anyone know of any no kill shelters or someone looking for a warm , fuzzy snuggle < PROPMALE > ? 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will always love them ....... Repost if you have at least 1 of these friends in your life !!!! 
... so .... anyone want to babysit on short notice ? Because < PROPFEMALE > Sarbacher was supposed to be going to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s birthday party tonight , but per unreliable babysitters is now unable to go and it just wouldn't be a party without her ! Her family was going to watch < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > ... and < PROPFEMALE > who can pretty much take care of herself ... 
had a fabulous time at < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s birthday !! 
wishes I could do my job with my eyes closed , head on a pillow , sleeping ... so tired . lol 
so < PROPFIRST > A VanDolah told me that he feels reinvigorated after having spent time with a gaggle of gay men at < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s birthday . So , thanks guys , for whatever it is that you did for him ... and you don't have to tell me the details . It's none of my business . ;) 
is at work . That is all . So , what are you up to ? 
sooo ... Progressive people ... does anyone have any type of allergy medicine !? I did not take mine this morning and I'm having a wonderfully annoying attack ... Anyone ?! 
.... I think it's working ... but not quite there yet ... 
... oh hell ... I think my crazy is setting in again ... 
believes mythical beasts are more than mythic . Why not ? 
is interested in knowing more about you : What should be one of the things I appreciate most about you ? 
wants a wife . 
is uncharacteristically hyper tonight at work ... please interact with me here so that I can sit in my chair for a reasonable amount of time to actually do my job ... Please . I beg you ! LOL ... oh my . Gone , gone , gone , baby is gone ... 
... we're going down , down in an earlier round and , sugar , we're going down swinging ... 
wants you to know that your opinion matters : If I get my hair cut how short should I go ? What style ? Any other commments ? 
... wth does it mean to follow your heart anyway ? It just pumps blood ... 
has gotta go , go , go , ' cause I can't go fast if I go too slow .... 
wants a vacation now ! Now , damn it ! 
: Hey , look , I have one life to live . One life . And these decisions to try to discover which road to take and have the least regrets in that choice is a difficult one . And sometimes while I'm pondering what to do and how my life could be I think about what I have and wonder if it is enough .... 
is my name and I'm here , world . Waiting , but not passively - I'm taking you on ! Let's go as many rounds as it takes ! ;) 
I want to laugh : tell me something you remember about a conversation that we've had or something that we have done together that is at least a little funny . :) Please be kind not to post something totally humliating , if you don't mind . :D 
This week we remember all the babies born sleeping or whom we have carried , but never met , or those we have held but could not take home or the ones that came home , but did not stay . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . BREAK THE SILENCE - IN MEMORY OF ALL . 
is gonna go \ooooooooooouuuuuuttttttttttt\ " tonight ... " 
Okay , so this made me giggle : \ 
Customer said \There are only two people that I really want in my box and those are the only ones that I want to come into my box\ " \ 
... so , seriously , I rocked it last night in the karaoke contest - I mean , I have never < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > in Chains before and I performed it , not just singing karaoke , I performed ... and the tickets went to the KJ's friends . I demand a recount ! 
is getting ready for an Open Mic - have some songs with < PROPFIRST > A VanDolah written , one of three memorized , have the dress and the earrings ( very important ) and some great stage presence - Bring it on ! I'm so excited ... yay ! Soon , very soon ... not soon enough . 
reminds you : Oh the thinks you can think if only you try ! 
but you know , it's not just about thinking , it is also about doing - get out and do something great that you have thinked and in a blink you feel like your world is linked to what is great about the world in general . 
is about to go sing some karaoke , can you believe it ?! And < PROPFIRST > and I laid down the first track of our album . ;) I nearly cried . It's beautiful . 
is concerned that everyone needs counseling and no one's going so the crazy continues . 
thinks Aquarius might be correct . It is < PROPFEMALE > to meet people sometimes ... and sometimes they tell you just what you need at just the right time . 
... \what would you do ? what would you say ? if everyone you loved came back for just one day ... how would it feel if every dream came real ? \"" 
Connor : And everywhere , everyone thinks the same thing : that someone should just go kill those motherf*ck*rs . \ 
Murphy : Kill ' em all . Admit it . Even you've thought about it . 
... today's Tuesday/Friday ... I get to sit in a cubicle all night speaking to people I probably don't want to talk to about things I would prefer not to talk about ... in the meantime , I get to play housewifeypooh - what are you up to today/tonight ? 
has begun the cubicle sitting . Stupid work . I'm trying to figure out how to manipulate my life and experience to help me do something other than cubicle sitting for a wage that allows me to take care of my family . I'm way too ADD for this ... 
is making it through , only about 45 minutes left ... come on 11:30 PM ... 
You can close your eyes to the things you don't wanna see , but you can't close your heart to the things you don't wanna feel [ Shakespeare ] 
is ready for the weekend ... oh ... wait ... 
wants what she wants . 
: why , yes , I am painting a depiction of < PROPFIRST > Cullen on a pumpkin while at work . Unfortunately progress has been halted by lack of white and black paint . 
smokes - ' cause she's on fire ! 
: FUDGE AND COOKIES !!!! 
acts like summer and walks like rain . 
Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR first name . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall , so I can leave a word about you ! 
is aware that sometimes the universe does in fact take care of me . I won't be stepping on any bugs in the near future - come on good < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is loving < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > playing nicely together . :) How did that happen ? 
1 of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in minority , and so much else , all for something they didnt ask for . Many gay teens are going to suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them that life will get better , & you respect them for who they are , copy & paste this . Most of you wont , but lets see the 5% of you who will 
likes it on the passenger seat in my car . 
is starting to feel like a figment of her own imagination . In that case , I'm going to start making sure this dream goes in the direction I want ... 
wonders about the judging in the pumpkin contest .... 
has designer shades to hide her face and walks around like she's cooler than you ... 
: no seriously , I was just psyching myself up - 
: Anyone have tips on how to quickly and inexpensively sound proof , or at least dampen the sound going through , a ceiling ? 
wants to stay focused ; trying . 
thinks it's interesting when people call me at work to talk to me about their policies but do not wait for me to reply to any questions that they may have ... Is it normal to want to reply to a question that is posed to me in regards to a subject that I have been trained to be somewhat of an expert ? 
wants to know how you make it through a 10 hour work day : 
is hopeful - and that's at least a good place to start . :) 
really wants icecream ... 
la , la , la , la , la , la , la , la ... 
... I so hope that everyone else is having a wonderful Saturday away from this work thing ... 
feels like making history - and you know what that means ... well , don't ya' ? 
: Damn it . It's moron Sunday again . 
is seriously hating this tonight . 
is amazed at how nervous I am in my last three minutes of my work night , wondering if I will get another call and if it will be that belligerent drunk who decided to call in about his insurance after a Sunday night binge to complain about everything he could and keep me here late .... come on 11:00 ... 
: I get two days off after this . Trying to keep that in mind through the next 11 hours . 
spins right round like a record , baby . 
has no focus . None . ADD ! 
I'm sorry . Could you repeat that ? I was just watching your mouth move ....... what was it that you were saying : 
\because I'm so motherf***ing smart that I make smart people feel retarded . \"" 
: Just Dance 2 ! 
is now seriously tired , totally wiped out , and I was only a guest at the party . 
is at work . Damn it . When I woke up after my drive here I had been dreaming that I didn't have to work anymore ... 
6 1/2 - 7 inches . :( 
Like my status and I will ( try to ) tell you :\ 
1 ) Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13\ 
seconds , 2 ) The color you remind me of , 3 ) My first memory of you , 4 ) An\ 
animal you remind me of , 5 ) Ask something I've always wondered about\ 
you , 6 ) My favorite thing about you , 7 ) Challenge you to repost ... this ! 
is an angel on Earth . See , now it's documented . It must be true ! 
wants life to be about more than working to survive ... and I'm working on it . 
is struggling to stay in my chair today at work - come on 10:00 ... 
is heading to Manitou today . Anyone need anything ? 
practices random acts of awesome . :) 
just wants to sing , again . 
My wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE , EQUAL RIGHTS and LOVE !! 93% won't copy and paste this .... Will you ... make it your status 
That's right . I don't lie , people , I don't lie . 
is sooo special . 
is awake without her consent . 
is too much . Let me sum up . 
likes dating < PROPFEMALE > - it's on again , off again , but I like that she keeps me on my toes . 
has recordings of 4 out of 5 of our songs - post to get feedback even though the recordings are not the highest quality or wait ? 
is wearing purple ! Are you ? And do you know why ? 
knows it's going to be a great day . Hangin ' with the fam , going to get new threads and new tunes ... Yay ! 
.... coooofffffeeeee ..... cccccccccccccccooooooooooooofffffffffffffffeeeeeeeeeeeee ..... 
damns reality . I want my avocation to be my vocation already ! 
MUAH ! I kiss you ! 
has a feeling today is going to be a hellishly long day , but I'm soooo waiting for tonight ... because not only do I not get out much , but I'm getting out on a Saturday to < PROPFEMALE > with my bff . :) 
: Holy stupidity , Batman ! 
.... it's so close ... I can almost taste it ... it's like , right there - -and of course we're in red alert . wtf . 
has already spoken with 107 of the general public today . That's enough . 
is apparently the life of the party - when did that happen ?! 
is giddy tired . I have a feeling I'll be loling rather often for little reason . 
spawned the laughter of the smoke shack on several occassions this week ... Meh . Doesn't stop me . 
just spoke with someone named \Wanthaporn . \ " :: giggle :: " 
is not looking forward to my work day .... all I can hope for is that it exceeds my expectations ; nowhere to go but up ... 
buahahahahaha .... 
wrote you a song to make you fall in love ... 
is moving on . What are you up to today ? 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer now . Didn't take me long to post this one as I think this disease has touched everyone at some point in their ... life ! 
thinks nothing hurts worse than being helpless . 
is mildly amused - but I've never been a fan of mild . 
: Live , laugh , love . 
The < PROPFEMALE > to hold your smile\ 
overwhelms me -\ 
not just to see it but possess it , \ 
take it , \ 
kiss it , \ 
feel it inside me wriggling around\ 
and gripping my heart\ 
with its brilliance . 
dislikes Scylla and Charybdis . I know there's another option ... 
is at work and feeling like I'm going to pass out - I'm fairly certain the only thing that would help is sleep which is of course the one thing I cannot do at work . Well , I can , but ... 
needs an Adrenaline Rush ! Someone act like they wanna fight with me ... 
thinks sometimes , if all I'm supposed to do is help you with your insurance policy it is possible to tell me a bit too much ... yikes . 
: Oh , you're saying I'm awesome and I should just keep being awesome ? Oh , well , I think I've got that covered . 
is anyone planning on viewing the Progressive Family Fest Talent show ? Anyone else participating ? 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's ...... Military Appreciation Week . Re-post if you are in the military , love a military member , a veteran , or appreciate our troops . 
Please put this in your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and can breathe fire . 90% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . The other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and 3% do not have time for this nonsense . 
hopes everyone who has started Halloween festivities tonight will have a fabulous time , look great and stays safe . 
is sooooo bored now . My lunch break is now the most entertaining part of my day - it feels great to dance . The problem is that when I get back into the building it's such a let down to have to sit in this chair ... ugh ... stupid cubicle ! 
is back at work . Curses ! 
: What ?! Really . Just tell me , seriously . Because the façade is transparent and I'd rather just know . 
< PROPFIRST > Bennet : The glories of nature . What are men compared to rocks and mountains ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Bennet : Believe me . Men are either eaten up with arrogance or stupidity . If they are amiable , they are so easily led they have no minds of their own whatsoever . \ 
Mrs. Gardiner : Take care , my love . That savors strongly of bitterness . 
wants to be more . \ 
Anyone game for babysitting on Tuesday nights ? Please let me know ! 
hopes everyone has had a fabulous , fun and safe weekend so far , happy halloween ! Have fantastic nights ! 
wonders if anyone else likes the music at all ? 
&% *(#&&!_#@* (&^#()@(JOSD*PE&#$ KL :#) (eklA ? W#\$939 20- " 
still looking for more feedback on the music - check my videos - Thanks much ! 
has gotta go ... the ignorance I'm being faced with today is overwhelming .. 
: Google * THAT * B- 
I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . - < PROPFEMALE > Angelou Soooo ... how did I and/or do I make you feel ? 
wants to be back in Florida ... if I close my eyes ... I'm nearly there . 
WHAT ?! < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland is fictional ? 
\sweep the leg . \"" 
wishes March would get here just a little more quickly ... just gotta < PROPFEMALE > on through the holidays ... 
thanks you for your friendship . 
will craft her < PROPFEMALE > and will not give up . 
: Thank you random motivational quote gifter . :) 
Describe the most entertaining moment of the past week : 
is finally leaving to go home ! If only I didn't have to drive and could just sorta float there ... 
: Good morning , afternoon and/or evening ! What are your plans for today ? 
oh , cubicle , how I loathe thee ... Maybe I need to bring in more decoration .... 
has 182 friends on Facebook . I could have a hella wicked phat party if you all would show up . :D 
likes < PROPMALE > the bellman . 
R E S P E C T - find out what it means to me ! 
: Open Mic pending December 1st . :: crossing fingers :: ... 
\Compassion is a priceless jewel . \ " Get some . :) " 
\'Below me ' ... I don't get it ... ' below me ' .... " 
is taking the day off from work to help my darling daughter celebrate her third birthday ( which is really tomorrow ) . Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! I loveth you ! 
' s muscles are sore ! And it feels amazing b/c it's from my \work out\ " - so I don't think I can stop - I already look more toned and my belly is getting slimmer ... and it's free ! Excellent . " 
found it weird to have this day off - see you tomorrow Progressive . 
hates her boobs . Who wants ' em ? 
: Speaking of \the grass is greener\ " - I am pondering cutting all my hair off and donating it to locks of love . What sort of hair cut would look good on me ? I was thinking a pixie - anyone have an opinion ? Right now my hair is nearly three feet long . " 
has one vote for pixie - like < PROPFEMALE > in the twilight movies ... Anyone else ?!! 
One more hour ... just one more hour ... please ... make it ... go ... just a little ... faaaaster .... 
“A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight , and his punishment is that he sees the < PROPFEMALE > before the rest of the world . ” ~ Oscar Wilde 
is ready for spring . Let's just skip this winter thing all together ... 
3:00 PM - Hair cut 
soooo ... I'm nervous - for the hair cutting , and even for the singing at Progressive - how weird to sing for a particular purpose at Progressive ! Usually it's just to distract people from their work . ;) 
.... so we played our first gig . lol . Better luck next time . :) 
I am thankful to those who chose and are choosing to risk their lives to preserve our way of life . Thank you , veterans . 
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment . ” ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
feels like I haven't slept in days ... but I'm pretty sure it's just one day . So I'm not totally crazy yet . 
OMG , I'm going to wash my hair today and wash out the wonderful styling that Brit did ... It may be a bad hair day as I try to figure out how to actually style my own hair . 
Happy Friday to those that have this day as an actual Friday . Don't feel sorry for me that's it my Tuesday and I'm here until 11:30 pm . ( Okay , please feel a little sorry for me . ) 
\You can't be me\ 
needs someone to do my hair every morning ... I'm not good at this . 
10 hour day , you're all mine and I'll do what I can not to want to shoot myself in the head before it's done ... 
half way through ... \ 
wish I were going out to see you tonight . \ 
Sorry my schedule sucks . \ 
Hope ya'll are having a fabulous time doing whatever it is that you do . 
Curses ! 
omg I'm crashing hard ... from coffee ? from lack of sleep ? from lack of serotonin ? idk ... One hour left . 
Hold me . Thrill me . Kiss me . ... let's just leave off that last part . 
:: gasp :: I found a white hair attached to my scalp . 
Is experiencing the night that never ends ... 
Just another douche-bag Monday .... 
No , really . Please give me a reason to stay here today ... because besides the fact that I'm expected to I'm having a difficult time ... 
doesn't want to go home but I can't stay here . closing time . 
knows when things are starting to feel out of control , knows it is just in my mind because life is still moving along at that same steady pace though it feels like it's tumbling light speed into oblivion , and I have to catch my breath , stand back , and look into the distance knowing the horizon I reach is inevitably where I'm supposed to be - my choices were made for a reason - for me - for them - for us ... 
wrong place . wrong people . wrong time . 
Self doubt how dare you creep up on me ! Away with you foul beast ! 
One of the , if not the , rudest awakenings I've had yet : \ 
< PROPFEMALE > is crying very loudly next to the bed , so being hardly awake I just reach out a hand and help her climb up , so she does and we're starting to snuggle in while < PROPFIRST > is protesting which is counter productive to him wanting to sleep b/c < PROPFEMALE > cries some more and gets to the point where she vomits all over my pillow and me ... 
Missing someone gets easier every day because even though it's one day further from the last time you saw each other , it's one day closer to the next time you will . 
\Take into account that great love and great ahievements involve great risk . \"" 
It's 2:17 AM .... and I feel like dancing ... 
I know it's two months away , but I'm excited - I think his voice is a part of my brain chemistry . 
My grandmother was one of the original (?) Rockettes , has traveled the world more than one time , and at the age of 96 has had to give up many of her beautiful things - I have the fine < PROPFEMALE > , and no worries , it arrived safe and sound . I shook the box and there were no sounds of broken pieces when I started ... 
\Annie Are You Ok\ 
is amazed and awed ... I have plans on a Sat night ! Woot ! It will be \Heaven \"..." 
\And sometimes I could sell my soul\ 
\If I meet\ 
Holy Heaven - I had a marvelous time tonight ! Loved seeing everyone ! :: HUGS :: 
And then I go to work ... :: sigh :: 
2010 is almost over . So like this status if i've made you smile this year . Then set this as you status . You'll be surprised how many people you've made smile :) 
FOCUS .... ARGH . 
So what are you doing for Thanksgiving ? 
.... I will have a book in print early 2011 . :D ... 
Any photographer out there available to take a high res pic of one my paintings ?! 
is gonna be high on various cold meds for Thanksgiving ... yay . I actually have no voice , luckily for everyone .... 
Thoughts and prayers to < PROPFEMALE > Sarbacher and her family - her father just died last night , losing the battle to cancer . 
Both Christmas trees are up and the stockings are < PROPMALE > by the chimney with care .... now if everything could just stay in tact over the next few weeks .... 
is feeling incredibly sentimental these days - it's cold , it's the holidays , and ... I love you . I miss you . And had I the opportunity I would come to see you for the holidays . :: hugs :: 
Oh , Friday night ! How you burn me with your embers of fires that others spark while I crouch within my cubicle walls ! If only I had less drive to live I could stand the pain of being burned so many times a year ... 
... ' cause without love I won't survive ... 
I would scream , but I have barely any voice to scream with ... so I'll just growl ... grrrr ... 
I'm seriously concerned about how many people call their insurance companies at midnight on a saturday ... 
Veritas . Aequitas . 
is down with the sickness ... 
I have half a voice . My job is to talk on the phone . Ugh . 
while careening down the sheet of ice formerly a road last night I reflected on my life , and mostly what I thought about was < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > - they are what I live for . 
Just gotta make it through today and then my weekend begins ... I see snuggling by the fire with hot chocolate in my future ... 
sssssssssssshhhudupp ! < PROPMALE>'s crying . 
I dont ' mean to be a spaz . Let's just blame it on me being an artist and leave it at that . 
@#$&%^$*&^% (&* ^$&^%$()*&%&^%#&^% (*&^)* & stupid people 
How is it only a quarter to nine ?! I have been here for soooooo long ... 
So outta here to start my weekend ... who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? Yeah ... well ... I don't expect much . 
:: crossing fingers :: I think < PROPFEMALE > is going to be bringing me something very special this year ... Just hoping I'm not on the naughty list ... 
And I will love you\ 
because of you\ 
and you cannot stop me . 
Downloaded more music today . Yay ! I have new songs for my personal parking lot rave ... Actually , I was hoping that my Progressive peeps would join me some time and we could do a flash mob thing ... Fun , right ?! 
finds the best happenings in my life have happened to be the best by accident . 
make ' em go ' oh , oh , oh ' as you shoot across the sky-ey-ey ... 
I have a playlist on my iPod with songs that I never grow tired of listening to , that I just want to hear over and over and over again ... and I want to write a song like those ... the ones that like a symbiotic vine growing on a tree enrich someone's life ... and I know I can't try to write it , b/c writing music is an organic process but I can't wait to find out if it happens .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Sarbacher , I am so happy we are hanging out tonight !! I have missed you so , so , so , so much ! 
Feels a little like death - maybe only mostly death . 
Seeing a doctor today . I hope some sort of antibiotic or miracle pill can cure me . Two weeks is enough , thank you . 
In other news , thank you < PROPFEMALE > Zang for taking that pic of my painting , exactly 300 dpi - sent to publisher , who will then send the materials on to editors , and I'm on my way to having an actual book in hand . :: GRIN :: 
Change your default FB picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . Thegoal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , Dec . 6th . Join the fight AGAINST child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same ! 
Diagnosis : Viral Bronchitis - 3 to 6 weeks and nothing can be done . Yay . Open Mic cancelled . :( 
So , there's been a discussion that it's not joining any fight against child abuse to change your profile picture - So I'm encouraging anyone who has the option of getting involved and helping to prevent child abuse to take some sort of stand to truly help , donate money to proper causes , and also to not beat your children . And if there is a social worker out there , please do a well check on my neighbors ' kids . 
... \still there are many who turned out their porchlights so I would think they were not home and hid in the dark of their windows ' til I passed and left them alone ... \"" 
:: insert scream here :: I seriously had this same absolutely annoying call last night . For someone from the same damn state . 
\Never part without loving words to think of during your absence . It may be that you will not meet again in this life . \"" 
Thank you for the fishtank , < PROPFIRST > Fairbank-Humphreys . The kiddies and the kitties like it . :D 
Needs advice . Any really . Go ahead : 
No really , I'm a firework . Boom , boom , boom ! 
That poltergeist stalks my will . 
“The love that lasts the longest is the love that is never returned . ”\ 
“Your heart is my piñata . ” 
< PROPMALE > just flushed the toilet and looked down into it as the water wooshed away and said \whoa . \"" 
Thank you < PROPMALE > Schubart and < PROPFEMALE > Schubart for thinking of us . 
I wanna play too : Send a number to my inbox and I'll post what I really think of you in as few words as possible because I'm fairly certain I could write an essay on each of you . Much love . 
711 , You surpised me ! I had no idea how fun and crazy you were when we worked together and I'm looking forward to the day we get to go out and paint this town red ! I think you and I are birds of a feather and we should flock together . 
21 , We clicked right away and if any two people were meant to find each other it is most definitely you and I . BFFs . 
7 , I've never known anyone who had to work so hard to bear children and I admire your perseverence through those tough times ; and always with a bit of sarcastic humor to help . 
411 , You're my sister from anotha mista and I most definitely love you like family . We are different , but the same . 
Mas numeros , por favor ! :D ( More < PROPFIRST > , please . ) 
27 , You are sweet , cool , intelligent , talented , and I'm very glad to have begun getting to know you better more recently . 
1203 , I was intimidated by you at first by your reserve , but I think you are very cool , and though I don't know you too well yet , so far I enjoy your positivity and humor ; looking forward to hanging out sometime . 
69 , Beautiful , sexy and wears the best clothes ! And you need to smile more because it's gorgeous too . 
712 , I think very highly of you . Obviously smart and totally cool . I wish our schedules weren't comletely opposite so we could actually < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
Pi , you are very tall , kind and interesting , and I'm fairly certain you are a caring father , and probably a very good drinker . 
is determined to make life interesting and exciting as often as possible ; I will not just sit around waiting for things to happen .... unless I'm at work , in which case I have no choice ... hmmm ... 
Infinity , Fun and beautiful , one of the kindest ladies I've ever met , and someone I regret not knowing better , and whose face I miss seeing around the office . Please let me know the next time you get a minute ... and let's do something , coffee or tea , zoos or aquariums , doesn't matter to me .. :) 
Scoping the Open Mic Kinfolks tonight ... wish I were playing it ! A couple weeks and it will be me . 
I want your horror\ 
I want your design\ 
Cause you're a criminal \ 
as long as your mine\ 
I want your love\ 
lawv lawv lawv\ 
I want your love 
Just remember that I'm number 1 . Tell me what you think about that . Uh huh . Yeah . What's up ? You wanna fight about it ? 
420 , I truly adore you . I know we don't see as much of each other as I would like and I consider myself quite lucky when I do get to < PROPFEMALE > out with you . You are endlessly fun and I love your perspective on life , love and the pursuit of happiness . 
1Billion10 , You're dead sexy and seem like tons of fun . ;) 
2323 , We haven't seen each other in years and it's good to know you are doing well and looking good , I might add . We had some good times hanging out in good ole Camp D . If I ever make it back to Cinci I'll look ya ' up . :) 
1011001 , Calm and cool , with a sometimes rather dry sense of humor to back it up , though not always dry ; you give off a good vibe of someone who is caring and kind ; no we don't know each other as well as we could , but easily remedied . 
37 , You're a good man . You've been through hell , but you don't feel sorry for yourself because of it . You do what you can do to help others get through their lives too . 
3333 , I don't meet many people who have a similar brain as me . It's nearly impossible , actually , I'm certain . And since I began talking to you I was fairly certain I'd met someone who may actually understand my insanity . It's a miracle ! 
Not one < PROPFEMALE > , but many . 
Smile , please : it helps you , it helps me . And I'll try to do the same . 
\I only smile in the dark\ 
Work could prove productive today . I am sitting in my chair . 
It isn't that I mean to be offensive , I was born this way . :( 
Muahahahaha ... so ... stupid shirt . Oh well . What am I to do about wardrobe malfunction ? 
I like you . Do you like me ? ( check yes or no ) 
Part of me knows it's true , and the other part has taken the part that knows it's true and beaten it to a bloody pulp ... yay ! 
“You do anything long enough to escape the habit of living\ 
until the escape becomes the habit . ” 
< PROPFEMALE > Sarbacher I think you just have to make sure to select the person . :) 
I feel fine . Yes , I'm fine . Fine . Just fine . Like grapes before being made into wine . 
Hey now , hey now , don't dream it's over ... and other lyrics ... deluge in a paper cup ... etc .... etc .... 
If you were a genius albino monkey that could talk , what would you do with your life ? 
I will speak in non-sequitor and free association for the rest of the day . This next call should be interesting . 
Sincerely , Me . 
I might look like I should be an elf but it's only in your really strange dreams that I am one . Seriously . Stop it . It's weird . 
is a lion-monkey-hazel tree . You ? 
It doesn't feel like Christmas unless there's grandmothers around-and there will be no grandmothers in town for Christmas this year . 
Discouraged . Damn it . 
Wait , what's this ? I like Slipknot ? I mean , I like rock music often but just assumed I couldn't sit and listen to any of their songs in its entirety ... 
On a cleaning kick ... Really . I actually have been . 
Wow ... so ... gainshare , I won an ipod and a 50.00 gift card . I'm glad I chose to come to work . :) 
Hello , my darlings . I hope you are all well . It is officially Friday , what do you have planned for the weekend ? 
To sleep . Perchance to dream . Please . 
AH !! Too big ! Toooooo biiiiig !! 
Queerest of the queer ... do-do-do-do-do-do .... 
I'm going home now ! But , Monday ... oh , Monday , I do not want to seeeeeeee you ... 
It's a blustery day ! Tie a string to me and fly me like a kite ... 
It's a jolly holiday with < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > makes your heart feel light . When the day is grey and ordinary , < PROPFEMALE > makes the sun shine bright ... 
Waiting for the kids to be fully asleep so I can go be < PROPFEMALE>'s elf and wrap some presents .. 
Can anyone babysit tonight ? 
I'm soooo excited ! My kids are going to be so happy on Christmas morning and I can't wait !! I know they are young , but I have a video camera , so even if they don't remember this Christmas they will be able to look back on it fondly via digital means ... 
The greatest gift of all is friendship and I thank you for that which you give to me , in all of its various forms ; whether you are far or near , whether we speak daily or hardly at all , and I want to make sure you know because it is important for me for you to know ... just in case . 
Yayayayayayayayay .... Just have to make it through work tonight ... and then and then ... and then ... I become a jolly fat man with a red suit and a beard ... 
I gotta feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night ! That tonight's gonna be a good , good night !! 
Buahahahah .... so ... I'm going through the FB suggestions for friends to add ... and some of them were people who I thought were already in my friends ' list that apparently de-friended me . :: sigh :: So , should I add them again ? It has happened that I have lost friends , I think , when I deactivated my FB account and reactivated ... but ... I'm not sure it's the case here . Leave it alone or not ? 
Please share this message from The < PROPMALE > Project . Sometimes you can't tell if a friend needs to talk . The holidays can be lonely , especially if you're not out . If you need someone to talk to , know that we're here 24/7 . You are not alone . The < PROPMALE > Lifeline 866-488-7386 ? 
I think that it was a lovely day yesterday . Family , friends , fun . Filled me with good feeling . And I'm tired today and at work now . But I'd rather be hanging out with you . What would we be doing ? 
Wishes are much like buying lottery tickets but don't cost a thing and are even less likely to result in large amounts of cash . 
Forever and ever you'll stay in my heart and I will love you forever and ever ... lalalalalalala ... etc .... 
So ... it's just not Christmas without my mommy , so I'm going to see her , both of my grandmothers , my father , cousin and his baby , and my brother and sister-in-law in March to celebrate again . :) It's only just begun , my friends ... 
Speaking of lemons , the sunshine is doing wonders for my mind ... Flash mob today anyone ?! 
I spoke to the same crazy lady I had spoken to back in September ! Fun times . I remembered the name and the voice and the manner in which she spoke ... poor thing . totally insane . 
loves days off and when I have one again I'll let you know . 
Ain't nothin ' like Heidi-time to make you sing songs like \I've had the time of my life ... \ " or at least say things like \ " I giggled until my giggler was broken ... \"" 
I have 25 bucks worth of music to purchase via iTunes ... suggestions ? 
Good morning . What are your plans for the day ? And what do you really want to do ? 
I thought it would be a lovely morning to sleep in , but as usual I stand corrected . 
I like you soooo much that I want to climb trees with you , build forts , make up songs and inside jokes , and run through places that we're not supposed to shooting at each other with water guns ... 
Soooo .... roads suck , visibility is low and people are freakin ' stupid ... be careful out there ! Especially those who are driving rear-wheel drive death traps ... you may want to consider finding a friend who at least has front-wheel drive ... 
I want to go run in the snow !!! This is amazing ... :: sigh :: I just don't want it to stick around too long and I don't really like driving in it too much ... ;) 
\That was one of the finest examples of spiritual guidance I've ever had the good fortune to witness \"" 
The red shoes have shipped , the jeans have shipped , the new shirt has shipped .... :: claps :: I love how new clothes make me feel new . 
It isn't that it's a new year , it's that we have all made it through the past year - if you have any resolution to make it should be to live life to the fullest , take in every experience that you can , meet as many people , and be influenced by as many perspectives as you can ; and I hope you all find some kind happiness ... 
Imma be ... 
Took an ambien last night . I haven't slept like that for months . 
I want this day to end ! AAAAAAAAHHH ... 
I feel like I'm washed up on an unpopulated island with two kids and looking for a fresh water source ... 
< PROPFEMALE > ! We're going out tomorrow night ! We can do whatever your heart desires ... except that . And that . And that .... well and not that because you're a cripple ... or that . But everything else is fair game . 
.... I just sat down and noted all the corrections I'm going to make to the book ... so ... depending on how long I get the next proof , I think I'm going to have this thing published by February , seriously . I'm very nervous . Self doubt is creeping in a bit ... but at the very least , I tried ... and maybe volume 2 will be brilliant if this isn't . :D 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , I <3 the coffee maker ... thank you . 
< PROPFEMALE > just told me that I'm \so really tall ;\ " relativity . " 
What's up with you ? 
Wired . 
Mornings are so difficult when the nights were so fun ... :P 
Name 10 things that you are ( broad categories like \mother\ " and such ): " 
\And I feel fine ... \"" 
Remember those 10 things you said you are ? Can you order them as far your top priority ? What is the most important to you ? 
BLAH BLAH BLAH .... BLAH ! 
i Mas café por favor ! 
So many things that I would rather be doing right now ... so many .... 
I will be better today than I was yesterday , and hopefully it will continue like that everyday ... 
I don't wanna go home , but I don't wanna stay here ... 
Monday is hurting me . Make it stop . 
Oh , thank you , three cups of espresso . The day suddenly seems like it could be tackled despite any and all complication ... 
is what she has always been , just older and regressing . 
Needs ... 
\There is no charge for awesomeness . Or attractiveness . \"" 
I will be attempting to schedule a Friday night off ... It's so exciting that I may hyperventilate when/if it is approved . 
It's a beautiful day . It is here to make you feel positive . To make you feel as though something can be accomplished . That life is not as bad as you thought . And then you will go out and you will talk to the people of the world and you will find out , that yes , it is as bad as you thought . Have a nice day ! 
My anger is jealous of my happiness today . 
Someone call me . I feel like the Lochness monster . 
Everyone just calm down ! 
On second thought , I'm tired of calm ... 
When all else fails ... 
I am having a very difficult time sitting in this chair ... So much I want to do ... sooooo much !!! 
Second galley received ; working on a few edits . But it's much closer ! I now want to replace some of the poems , but that's only with part of me ... I know why I put them there and if no one else knows ... oh the effin ' well ... but it's THAT much closer . February is still a possibility for actual publishing . I have a Library of Congress Control Number ( LCCN ) and a copyright ! omg ... omg .... omg ... 
Dream . 
Damn you stupid error message that I can't fix getting in the way of progress ... I hate delays . 
Per news I just received about a friend I knew in high school , I urge anyone who thinks about suicide to please talk to me ... talk to a friend , talk to someone ... Don't do it . Just do not do it . There is always hope . 
\When I am released/And the gates fly open before me/When I am released/Will you still be waiting for me ? \"" 
Beer - ick . 
My stomach is seriously in knots . I picked the price of my book . Now ... to find out if anyone thinks it's worth it . :) 
omg ... getting a Russian interpreter on the line , and I just keep thinking about Primus ... 
First day with borrowed dogs : Discovered we desperately need a new fence . 
words , \ 
the kind that dislodge \ 
daggers \ 
I will catch\ 
break them \ 
over my knee , \ 
sew the wounds \ 
shut-\ 
so is my mouth . \ 
I am only ears . 
Make up a story of how you wish we'd met , think we should have met , and/or believe we could have met in another life ( especially since most of you are going to say \at school\ " and \ " at work\ " and \ " we're family\ " and that just gets boring ): " 
It was a good night ! By strange coincidence sat next to the woman who wrote me inquiring about the show . Great music , of course ... and I was a total mess when I talked to < PROPMALE > after the show . Gah ! Always . It was like I was 17 again behind Bogart's .... 
Holy mirrors , Batman , I look like hell . Feeling rather tired .... 
Good morning ! What do you have planned for the day ? 
Check baby , check baby - one , two , three , four - check baby , check baby - one ... 
I'm so excited . and I just can't hide . I'm about to lose my mind . And I think I like it . I want to . Anyone else ? 
This work thing ... it's just not working . I just want to fly ... 
The world has tried to contain me inside a < PROPFEMALE > shell and I unfortunately have broken through today ... 
So according to my horoscope I would receive some sort of good news from a friend far away - I instead receive a call from my sister that my mom is in the hospital , but we don't know how serious it is and there is very little information right now ... :: sigh :: I'm sure she'll be fine . I'm sure ... ... 
Hey , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , \ 
No one deserves me ! No one could handle me at my worst ! It's just too insane ! 
Being reacquainted with old friends is so priceless ... 
After it sunk in ... a bit stressed . 
Luckily my brother is level-headed and has been wonderful in keeping everyone updated . My mom is doing fine after surgery . And that is what is most important . 
I learned all I need to know from watching Kung Fu Panda . 
What song do you listen to and think ' it's like it was written just for me!' ? 
I will forgive you under nearly any circumstance , but please do not test me . I will love you because of you and you cannot stop me , even with all of our differences and often because of those differences . And I will show you kindness and compassion , but please don't take advantage . And if you mistake my sincerety for the façade that many others project please talk to me more b/c you do not know me yet ... 
So how do I look tonight ? 
Job . Gah . 
So somebody else's psycho stalker is now writing me and proving that yes , she is , in fact , a psycho stalker ... Lovely . At least she is letting everyone know . 
Oh well . 
I think I'll make breakfast for dinner and dinner for breakfast .... we used to do that at Girl Scouts - why not ? :) 
Attending an open mic tonight . Still not playing it . :: sigh :: 
Since last Friday I keep getting Amish garb images and the song \Naughty Girl\ " stuck in my head ... and with the reminders about Peaks n ' Pasties it is back yet again ... lol " 
New windows installed today . Utility bills , commence lowering ... 
There must be something better . 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ..... 10 hours of call after call I have a feeling . 
Book . book , book . book , book book book . book book book . Book . Book . book book . 
Having an obsessed day . 
Good morning ; it's cold . 
1st open mic : done . Result ? Rockin ' 
\ ... and somebody told me that this is the place where everything's better and everything's safe ... \"" 
I feel misled . And now the simmering beneath the surface is erupting into flame ... what a worthless endeavor . 
To whom it may concern :\ 
\ 
No I am not embarrassed about how loudly I sing when I come to work . But thank you for letting me know just how loud it is via my supervisor . I really just think I'm that good and think everyone should hear . \ 
Peace n ' love . 
I want you to comment on this status about how you met me . But , I want you to lie . That's right . Just make stuff up . After you comment , I want you to copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
My head's on backwards and I'm turned around/I'm walking my feet are forward and I'm staring at t he ground behind me/looking for the truth because I think the future is the beginning and the end is where I've left 
Poetry from mi amigo :\ 
We have every right be fondled \ 
by people who love us . 
I was alone . I was all by myself . No one was looking . I was thinking of you . Did I happen to mention I was all by myself ... all by myself .... 
I didn't know . Just checked the New Releases and there it was .... 
I'm a published poet . What does it mean ?! 
All representatives are currently cursing their lives , please hold while we try to gain our composure so we can talk to you again ... 
“My mind tells me to give up , but my heart won't let me . ” 
My heart is on fire and my head is swimming . 
\Gotta launder my karma ... \"" 
Editing . 
got home last night and opened a fortune cookie , it said , \never give up . \ " Thank you fortune cookie .... and now I will sing < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > \ " Don't Give Up\ " ... :: clears throat :: ... " 
What is important , really ? 
Fedora . I need a new fedora . 
in case anyone was trying to get a hold of me , my phone is currently not in working order . I'm thrilled to express I may be getting a new one . 
“Be patient toward all that is unsolved in your heart and try to love the questions themselves . Do not now seek the answers , which cannot be given you because you would not be able to live them . And the point is to live everything . Live the questions”\ 
Rainer < PROPFIRST > Rilke 
Finally figured out who de-friended me ; phew . Glad it wasn't someone who I thought actually liked me . 
wants to know what you think of the book , if you get it . So let me know somehow . 
The Buddha has three bodies . 
Breakfast : Sausage and waffles w/blueberry syrup . Just trying to teach my kids about eating healthily . 
Has anyone attempted to buy my book ? Was it successful ? A friend of mine said he was having trouble once he got to the shipping options .... 
[ FYI ... Facebook has changed its News Feed , so that by default , you can only see updates from people you've recently interacted with ! To change this , click on the arrow next to ' Most Recent ' , then ' Edit Options ' , and check the box to receive updates from ALL Friends ! Then save . Most Importantly ... Re-Post this ! Otherwise , only a few of your friends will actually see it . ] 
Kinda feels like I'm moving and I'm sitting still ... hmmm .. or wait , maybe that's my head about to land on the keyboard .... 
We are like trees in the wind , we may bend but don't break ... 
Bored , bored , bored , bored . There's nothing to do .... 
Counting down the days until vacation ... I nearly forget that I'm going ... 
“Businesses may come and go , but religion will last forever , for in no other endeavor does the consumer blame himself for product failure” 
“We praise or blame as one or the other affords more opportunity for exhibiting our power of judgment . ” - Friedrich Nietzsche 
“A boss creates fear , a leader confidence . A boss fixes blame , a leader corrects mistakes . A boss knows all , a leader asks questions . A boss makes work drudgery , a leader makes it interesting . ” 
Love , I get so lost sometimes .... 
' I've got a confession to make , I'm your fool ... ' 
spin around , spin around , spin around , spin around , spin ah-round ... 
Aquarium today with < PROPFIRST > A VanDolah and < PROPMALE > Cavazos and the children ! Yay ! Not to mention some Casa < PROPFEMALE > action ... \more sopapillas please ! \"" 
Nap time for the kiddos . :: crossing fingers :: 
I'm not sure there is ever any preparation for customer service . You just have to dive in and hope for the best , like ... standing on a < PROPMALE > with a pack of wild dogs behind you that are determined to kill you and the only thing you can do is jump into the raging water below . 
OMG , FML . 
My life on repeat . 
Headin ' to the Zodiac in about two hours with < PROPFIRST > A VanDolah to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and fellow Peaks n ' Pasties Burlesquers ... and then wherever the night decides to take us after that ... 
So , fun night . I sorta didn't want it to end when it did , but at some point , especially since I was not drinking , I remembered I'm a mom with two kids at home with the already generous babysitter . 
Coffeeeeee ! 
WORK . BAH ! 
How much do you love me ? Let you count the ways .... 
Love , I don't like to see so much pain . So much wasted and this moment keeps slipping away ... 
\You held me down 
GAH !! 
Vacation , vacation , vacation , vacation .... and my fear is that this vacation will be just as , if not more , stressful than my usual life ... 
Does anyone know the security procedures now used at most airports ? Once you have been on a plane , and if you don't leave secured areas , do you still have to go through scanners at each airport ? And does everyone get searched now even without scanners ? I'm just wondering if I should wear a \boobie\ " trap like < PROPFEMALE > Rabbit ... " 
so I got to work , fairly good mood , hanging out ... opened email ... AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH !!! 
I'm sometimes afraid to post anything , afraid I have nothing to say , or nothing important , but today I find it very important for me to say , nothing . 
Do not be alarmed when you see me . I whacked my face on my car door as I was leaving for work . As of yet I have not had anyone hit me in the face on purpose . Though if you want to get into a fight , I'm more than willing as long as we're still friends later . 
FOCUS FOCUS FOCUS FOCUS ... say that really fast and you start saying something much more fun ... FOCUS FOCUS FOCUS FOCUS FOCUS ... and I have none , btw . 
name a song you would include in the soundtrack to the movie representation of your life : 
\Life is pain . Anyone who tells you any differently is selling something . \"" 
\Come live in my heart 
So , as I realize I am about to embark on the journey to Florida it hits me that I'm terrified of flying on a plane , and with my entire family with me it makes me queasy . 
Go to your profile . The top 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How f-d are you ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Heidrich Dixon , < PROPFIRST > Gynx Gfx Sullie , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Lubbers , Nehemiah Urban Hmmm ... pretty smart , resourceful people . Not too much brute-force strength , but I might be okay . lol 
:: aneurysm :: 
Florida . Tonight I will be intoxicated . Thank you , < PROPFIRST > . My cousin and Cuervo . 
will see you at work for those of you who work where I work . 
Trying to get into the work state of mind . Anyone willing to let me shadow them for a while ? I'm not sure I'm able to take a call yet ... 
And now it's time to dance ! 
I want to get off the track of infinity , lack of affinity for the endless cycles , unfeeling icicles trap me , so I'm off to see the wizard and escape my afflictions , end my addictions , derail this train and slice this pain . 
Blame it all on yourself ' cause she's always a woman to me . 
\In the swirling 
We have to appreciate what we have . Not saying we shouldn't strive for more . We have to be thankful for the good times . Not saying we should forget the bad . Take note of others ' suffering and try to help others through . Not saying you can solve others ' problems , but we can all use a little push in the right direction . And the situation in Japan is dire , please help . 
Carpe Diem ! 
I know I'm good . I just like everyone else to tell me so also . 
It's great to talk about old times . Sometimes I forget where I came from , who I was . Who I was in the eyes of others who knew me then . It's good to get a reminder . :) 
Poetry open mic tonight at Black Cat Books . So I shifted my schedule early plus had to take time off to get there . I hope I don't fail miserably . On one hand I picture myself pulling it off famously , on the other there could be giggle fits , coughing , choking , and reading too fast ... 
No , seriously , which poem should I read ?! Aaaaah ! I'm getting nervous ! 
Wish me luck ! 
Not the open mic atmosphere that I expected , but very nice . 
I am so surprised how much my kids have changed in a relatively short period of time . 
Trying my best to believe \I can\ " instead of dwelling on \ " I can't\ "" 
Time to make the donuts . 
\The belief that there is only one truth and that oneself is in possession of it seems to me the deepest root of all evil that is in the world . \ " ~ Max Born " 
can't access TPS at work anymore . :( Boo ! My morale has just decreased about 99.9% . 
Lords of Acid on the way home . I can't help it . The pun hasn't gotten old yet . 
Stickers ! 
Hmmm , love it when friendship seems to be based on what other of someone's friends thinks of said friend . smh . 
Just received three replacement books for the ones with the jacked-up printing and water damage . If anyone would like to buy a copy , I think I have run out of family to give them to . 
We lose people along the way , and grieve and forever retain those scars , but life keeps going and others might come along , not to replace , but to help repair the battered heart . 
I'm afraid to wake up\ 
It might mean I'm dead\ 
This might be a dream\ 
The last thought in my head 
I step over the line of your reality and create my own instead . \ 
You may call it fantasy , but your reality I fear to tread . 
The good stuff always happens at work on my days off . 
\Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale < PROPFEMALE > light ? \"" 
\Fame ! I'm gonna live forev-ah ! \"" 
Hahaha ... Another mysterious \unfriending\ " ... :: sigh :: It's okay . Some people can't handle my version of sanity . " 
\Just remember that you don't have to be what they want you to be . \ " \ 
Nobody eat anything ! It's all bad for you ! Just die of starvation ; it's better that way and you won't be obese . There . Solved . Next problem . 
Love how at nap time I seem the only one who actually wants to nap ... 
had fun at Good Company with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and company ! So , who won the karaoke contest ? < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Preparing for my 10 hour day . Coffee ? check . Quiet meditation ? Absolutely not . 
\Those lucky bastards that don't have to work make 3D billboards and big 30 foot smurfs ... \"" 
So , as someone who has always wanted to write her own songs , it feels pretty good that < PROPFIRST > and I have 9 completed songs . If we'd had more time over the past year we would have an album by now , I'm certain . It comes rather easily for us . 
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do . Explore . Dream . Discover . author- < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Next hip hop < PROPFEMALE > right here .... And ... cue laughter . 
OM pending . 
family . counting to 10 .... 
I'm like a bird .... I have a very small brain and I fly into windows . 
Cubicle walls are still cubicle walls even when pasted with decoration ... and I'm too short to see over them to look out the window ... 
Rocco : There's two kinds of people in this world ... You got your talkers and you got your doers ... But when it is all said and done , it's the doers that change this world . And when they do that , they change us , and that's why we never forget them ... Do you just talk about it , or do you stand up and do something about it ? Because believe you me , all the rest of it is just coffee house bullshit . 
I am who I am and that's all that I am . 
Who has my book ? Did you read it ? 
Spring ? I need to move south . 
Here we are now . Entertain us . 
Yes , I'm a stay at home mom ... before I go to work . 
\Projections onto the sky 
\Cake or death ?! \"" 
A huge thank you to the military ! 
\Sincere Kudos to the President for ordering the mission . He could have just ordered a missile strike and hoped for the best . \"" 
Opinions . Good for you . 
