Why don't men come with instruction manuals and remote controls ??? 

I wish it would snow DAGGUMIT !!!! 
Finally FRIDAY !!! 
weekends aren't long enough ... 
Can't wait for Christmas !!! 
please snow , please snow , please snow ... 
did somebody order a white Christmas ? 
moving ........................ AGAIN !!!!! 
moving ............. AGAIN !!!!!! I'm surrounded by cardboard boxes ! 
I am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I am right ! Let's lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of Facebook Users will not repost this ... when Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you . If you are one of the few 3% , repost this message . Praise God He died for me and you !!!!!!!!!!!! 
To all my farmville neighbors , please send me rabbits and trees !!! Thanks I will return the favor ! 
And ... I've sent out alot of neighbor requests , won't you be my neighbor ??? :( 
Be very careful if you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved . 
Farmville neighbors ... please send me rabbits and trees for my farm and i'll return the favor . 
Send me some rabbits !!!! Farmville neighbors i'm begging you ! 
13 days ... 
12 days ... 
not even a week away to my baby's big day !!!! 
Well ... the snow has cancelled Harlo's birthday party , but we'll all have somethin to look forward to next weekend !!! He can celebrate his birthday all month long and February too !!! 
Party tomorrow , rain or shine ... Can't wait to see Harlo's cakes ! 
more snow ... on the way ? 
This wind is Outta Control !!! 
help me build my horse stable !!! I still need board , nails , and horeshoes . I'm almost there ! 
PLEASE >>> I need horseshoes , nails and boards ... am i the only person still building my stable ??? I will return the favor ! 
cant wait till friday ! Its been a long week already ! 
I only need 3 more items to finish my horse stable ... boards and bricks can anyone lend a hand ??? 
2 more horseshoes and i'm done thanks everyone ! 
only 1 more horseshoe now .... THANK YOU everyone so much !!!! I'm gettin excited to see my stable !!! 
finally got my horse stable ..... thanks everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
How long can you actually keep a cold ???? I'm sick of being sick ! 
hiho hiho off to another work week we go !!! 
Still need 6 more helpers to expand my chicken coop .... c'mon neighbors ! 
I love snow ! Everyone else is ready for warm weather but not me !!!! let it snow let it snow let it snow !!!!!!! 
Today is a day that the lord hath made , rejoice and be glad in it ! Even if its STILL not friday !! 
Friday : Lets knock this last day out ! C'mon guys , TEAMWORK ! 
Whew !!!!! Another week under the belt ! Time for some R&R ! 
This weekend flew by ... and to make things even worse , it was the prettiest weather weve had in a while !!! :( 
Doesn't look like its gonna snow ..... 
Blizzard anyone ???? 
Tootheaches are for the birds !!!!!! 
I need slate tile , can anyone send some ???? Help me out FV neighbors ! 
Well i reckon i better try to get some sleep ... I'm gettin up early , havin some teeth pulled tomorrow , you know the usual ! If u see this before then say a little prayer for me ! Honestly I'm a nervous wreck , always am before they start yanking out my parts !!!! 
thanks everyone for the prayers ! This morning went great ... dont remember a thing ! Thanks to my momma in law for the help getting through it this morning ! Love you guys ! 
weekends dont last long enough ! 
I only need one more person to help me expand my chicken coop today is the last day , please help !!!!!!! 
RE-Post -- IMMEDEDILATELY ) < PROPFEMALE > ALERT ******** ! ) MONTH OLD < LITTLE GIRL !!! ( RYLEE ALEANN FOLAN ) taken in ROSEVILLE < MICHIGAN . I HOPE TO SEE THIS REPEATED ON THIS < PROPFEMALE > MANY TIMES , A CHILD IS IN DANGER . LORD BRING THIS CHILD HOME ... CALL WITH INFORMATION : 586-775-2100 or 911 . this happened 3-26-2010 , A FEW MINS . AGO ! 
Bedtime ! YAY ! 
Feeling un-important ... but KNOWING that I am more than just important ! 
Found out today I get a 3 day weekend , I cant believe it ! I dont know what Im gonna do with myself ??? YAY ! 
You guys gotta watch Where The wild Things Are ... its great !!! 
Can't wait for a vacation ! 
I see all these precious babies being born and I start to realize mine's not little anymore , he's growing so fast . So ... New moms and dads , enjoy these moments while they last cause they fly by and one day it will be all you can do to hold em still , let alone rock them to sleep . 
Today has been a wild one ... Im ready for Friday ! Need some R&R desperately please ... anyone know where I can find some ? 
If it's gonna be this cold it better start gettin white outside !!! 
Friends are like toilet paper ... You wish they were there when you sh* ! your pants ! LOL 
