o what a night ! 

okay so it didn't last long ! muhuhahahahaha ... 
wants to puke ... bleeeeh 
Attack of the Mosquitoes LXXXVII 
www.posecais.com 
Democrats = Republicans . 
get me the mother f out of la . 
LOVE peanuts . 
has no money 
one thing they were right about ... we really do learn and grow everyday . 
was smashed by a truck in < PROPFEMALE>'s car ... : c 
woke up and can't quite turn my head to the left .... off to the hospital . 
< PROPFIRST > caught Coda eating his < PROPFEMALE > roasted cashews and he screamed at her , \HEY ! NO FAIR !!!! \"" 
making a Grand Isle list ... 
loves Saturday nights with her boys :) 
needs a wizard to zap my neck back in shape . 
Loves Jort . The bestest friend ever . 
Gettin ' ready for paradise ... ah ' I can already smell the dead fish and stale alcohol . 
change is an open window to see the things you were blind to before 
and < PROPFIRST > Posecai bought Flips , salty peanuts , and watermelon and strawberry blowpops on August 4 , 2009 at 12:30 a . m ... somehow < PROPFIRST > s Flips made it out the bag and into the pantry , but my salty peanuts and watermelon/strawberry blowpops and the bag are MI 
loves Panda girl . 
' s tears have caused a migraine . 
had a dream I was pregnant . Fished around for an answer to this o ' so realistic horrifying dream , and discovered it represents a new growth in my life , growing creativity . My creation , or creativity is \kicking\ " to get my attention . :) " 
my goodness ! < PROPMALE > Ledger was finer than frogs hair ! 
is spending the whole day with the right side of my brain . 
Dear Self , Lullaby and good night , with roses bed light . With lilies o'er spread is baby's wee bed . Lay thee down now and rest , may thy slumber be blessed . 
The Earth rotates around the asshole 15 times a year . 
is being harassed . < PROPFIRST > and Jut are rapping and shaking their butts on me . Maybe they put a secret ingredient in the soup they're making ... 
la la la lalala la la la la land . 
can't figure out why I even get on fb . 
is excited to go hiking tomorrow with Jort and < PROPFIRST > . 
Orphan is a fucked up movie . 
we all die . The goal isn't to live forever , the goal is to create something that ill . -Palahniuk 
is funny 
For every up there is a down , for every square there is a round , for every high there is a low , for every to there is a fro ... To and fro , stop and go , That's what makes the world go round . 
has a broked air conditioner . 
school . 
going to < PROPFEMALE>'s 21st Birthday Bash ! 
is missing 
is floating 
ate a sloppy ho , sloppy sloppy ho . 
kickoff in +90 minutes 
misses Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > 
is shleepy . 
meep :o 
is ready for paradise ... by that I mean Death Valley . 
anyone have a sprint phone they don't use ? 
< PROPFIRST > Delaune check it ??? fb loves twitterrrrr !!!! 
. CAN'T . READ . ANY . LONGER ... 
is going to have a peaceful day . 
f shiz I am bored , just waitin ' on the boys to get home ... hm , where could they be ? 
ESPANOL CLASS ISSSSSSS CANCLED !!!!!!! WONDERFUL DAY PEOPLE , WONDERFUL DAY !!!! 
it hurts under my thumb nail . 
NEEDS TO GET RID OF SHIT ! 
arms are open ... blissfully welcoming October 2009 . 
Brees just blocked for Bush . 
needs help finding a monologue ... by tonight or tomorrow ? Please ! I am not an actress and I don't even know where to start ! 
is riding a bike downhill and cannot find the breaks . 
omg i need an effing monologue 
is obsessed with her smart , sweet , loving , caring , handsome , hilarious , amazingly perfect man . 
haha just ate a warhead and it was awesome 
Got your costumes ready ????? 
is costumin ' 
When witches go riding , and black cats are seen , the < PROPFEMALE > laughs and whispers , it's near Halloween ... 
Last night was off-da-chain . Herd ? 
and < PROPFEMALE > Altmeyer <3 butterflies . 
is getting paid to love a pinecone . 
Today , I changed a tire by myself ... I am great . 
......... Continuum was better , sorry JCM . 
is fallllinnnnngggggggg 
Girl can't help it ! 
BANGS ? 
has to keep reminding myself 13 days ... 13 days . 
< PROPFEMALE > Dargis how long does this damn disease last ? 
wish I was on Bourbon right now . 
it feels so good to live in December ! 
loves my fantasies ! 
is home alone :( no one to play in the snow with ... if it happens . 
To all my friends(old and new ) and to my family ... I LOVE YOU ! THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE AND LETTING ME BE PART OF YOURS ! 
life is HILARIOUS ! I LOVE IT ! 
5 days ... 
is wanting something ... 
Don't stay up till midnight to make sure the past year leaves ... stay up till midnight to experience and welcome the glorious year of 2010 into your life ! <3 
\this is the best party of tHe year !! \"-- victoria ruiz " 
in B-Rizzle , unfortunately . 
Change of <3 . Missed the boys ! Cookin ' n drankin ' LIFE IS SWEET ! 
you need tennis shoes to play tennis 
I don't think I'm gonna go to NO anymore 
<3 ' s college 
when eyelids want to close , they'll know how . 
headed to N.O. and can't wait to breathe in that sweet SAINTS Super Dome air on Sunday !!! 
no words . 
I cannot believe I do not have one picture from the BEST DAY OF MY LIFE ! 
there is a cute little brown mouse hiding behind my toilet ... how do I catch him to set him free ??? 
WHO DAT ? 
Baby I'm a Saints Fan dats why I say Who Dat !!!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > has had my <3 for 5 years ! 
4 Days 3 hours 46 minutes and 22 seconds 
3 Days 4 hours 2 minutes and 40 seconds 
2 Days 5 hours 23 mintues 1 second 
Wish we could bottle this feeling !! WHO DAT ! 
is craaaavin a chicken ceasar pita and red cream soda from Cafe Royale and served by < PROPFIRST > Delaune !!!!! 
cannot wait for Abita Strawberry ... should be coming soon right ? 
LAISSEZ < PROPMALE > BON TEMPS ROULER !!! 
there is still a part of me that wishes I were < PROPFIRST > . 
mochi :) 
cruel cruel cruel cruel . 
silence will break your heart <3 
i <3 my Coda Beanz sooooo much ! 
hello little speck of light . You are so high up . Yes , I am still here . Deep deep down in this cold dark hole . I still have the shovel , but I've dug too deep and now I can't get out . So ... I will go to sleep . Goodnight little light . 
music <3<3<3 
Music + Strawbita = <3<3<3 
chasing ... 
maybe , just maybe at some point in my life I'll get to experience a whole week FREE of migraines . 
after monday and tuesday ... even the calendar says W.T.F. hahahahahahahahha 
walked in on a snowcrab creepin ' on the living room floor , DINNER ! 
burn . 
drafting ... and it's a problem because I don't know how ???? 
Anything other than yes is no , anything other than stay is go , anything less than ' I love you ' is lying . 
: c missing you 
I am drivin ' 
I am yawnin ' 
I AM SO TIRED OF GOOGLING IMAGES !!!!!! 
another one . 
Purchase of first Rhythm&Soul album ever ... sweet . 
Phone is activated !! 
Ketchup . Catch up ! No , Ketchup . Seriously , catch up . 
I lost it . 
< PROPMALE > Pothead and the Devils Lettuce 
clean or study ? clean or study ??? CLEAN OR STUDY ??? 
is freakishly good at climbing . 
is at Barnes ... studying ... on Friday ... on spring break . I had to have hit my head , HARD ! 
is sleeping home alone for the first time ever ! I am scared shitless , but I also feel invigorated and a new sort of independence upon me . Strange . 
just watched HBO's new series , Treme . It's about New Orleans after the storm . Lots of great music and stories . WATCH IT !!! 
¡Feliz Cumpleaños < PROPFEMALE > Baquie ! Back to your roots tonight ! < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I didn't know till tonight but GLEE is AWESOME ! 
I LOVE COLORS ! 
mornings hate me . I hate mornings . BUT I do smell pancakes . We may be okay today < PROPMALE > . Scratch that . Splendid day , I say ! A splendid day indeed ! 
I transform into a straaange little person when I am BORED OUT MY BOX !!! 
I decided to go ahead and drink an ice cold 7oz Coronita , while finishing my paper and studying ! Finally celebrating Cinco de Drinkooo !!! 
hello summer ;) 
tubing . with . Jort . and Jom . 
and < PROPFIRST > are having a beer for DIO . 
< PROPFIRST > Posecai , keepin the party goin since 1985 . 
loves me some < PROPFIRST > Posecai !!! 
pen . suh . cola . 
@ < PROPFEMALE > Altmeyer and I are busy , scuba diving . Dats what's up . 
Ten thousand dollars , a case of whiskey , and a dozen hookers is just enough to bribe a Missouri state legislature ... in case you're curious . 
is going to RED < PROPFIRST > !! 
is cookin ' with Posecai ! 
It's official . I am cutting my hair off . 
Ducote daredevil blood . 
xtra large 
Today the universe has filled the wild blue yonder with breathtaking clouds . It is awe-inspiring and it feels so good . 
I wonder if you would be closer with old friends without fb because you'd have to call to keep in touch-OR-not friends at all because you still wouldn't call AND you wouldn't have fb to communicate and update you on their lives . Just pondering my relationship with some people and facebooks influence(good or bad ) on it . 
Oil spill , STILL troops across seas , gay rights , environment , healthcare , immigration , senate/house elections etc . This country needs you . The world needs you . We can make a difference , but half you write about your anticipation of jersey shore instead . It's insanely depressing . Please do not give STUPID people on tv your attention when so much is going on in the world . You're better than that , I promise . 
boys > girls 
gettin down in the BST ! good drank , good food , GREAT crowd ! 
I will NEVER be TOO OLD to play football in the rain !!! but everyone else is :( 
how to get your boyfriend and friends to play in the rain with you : throw mud at them and run :D 
hedz up : me fone es brokened . 
I'm goin ' back to New Orleans to wear that ball and chain 
gotta love middle of the night Grand Isle runs ! 
If it's too loud ... you're too old . 
maybe I am a bitch 
Hey Mr. Seagull with the cantaloupe .. ya can't eat what ya can't chew ! 
I need a bicycle ! Sell me your bike ! 
listening to Beethoven Pandora and drafting . It works :D 
On the road to 8PEAT ! 
I am so left 
someone pinched all my nerves in the night 
¡dl ?? 
Hey NFL ! You make it EXTREMELY difficult to concentrate on my studies ! JS . 
Happy 18th Birthday to my beautiful , sweet , smart , talented , and amazing sister , < PROPFIRST > Ducote ! I love you ! 
3 waking thoughts : I love metal in autumn , I'm unprepared for this 45 degree weather , and \Fat Pig\ " is going to be tha shiz . " 
college is eating my soul . 
Stop talking to me about people and stop asking my opinion about how other people live . I DON'T CARE WHAT OTHER PEOPLE ARE DOING . And I say that with love . 
A weekend wasted isn't a wasted weekend . 
I am only what I create . All that exists , exists only in my awareness . -Scriabin 
Love that 1/3 of the theatre department is wearing purple :) 
Come give blood tonight at THe 13th Gate ! You get $5 off and get to cut the line !!! 
What the shit Summer ? Git the hell out of here . Now . 
Just got home from the theatre ... You people better come see Fat Pig next week ! 
Who gave me herpes ? 
It's November . Don't forget to watch the leaves turn . 
Congratulations to everyone who was a part of making LSU's lab studio production of FAT PIG real ! Please support us and come see the show ! 
5042310630 is back in business ;) 
< PROPFIRST > bought me a < PROPFIRST > today . 
There is a wild sparrow in my kitchen 
Home is where you are . 
Well I'm not the worlds most passionate gal\ 
But when I looked in her eyes well I almost fell for my < PROPFEMALE > \ 
No-no-no-no < PROPFEMALE > no-no-no-no < PROPFEMALE > 
between the starlit sky and the mirror sea sleeps an overwhelming bout of infinity --- Today was cool . 
Need Netflix movie recommendations . Now . 
Club 181 is sad right now . 
Club 181 is poppin ' right now . 
breaking point 
finally . 
Pandora only allows 40 hours of free listening a month and my time is up . Meep . 
Black Swan . One word . Intense . 
A beautiful day for a forever young birthday . 
bout that time to celebrate the awesome life of < PROPFIRST > Posecai 
Restless . Coffee and tortilla soup . Powder and boots . Triangle and Saints . 
I'm sorry . I can't help that babies creep me out . 
I really adore the unexpected . 
Sometimes you just need a little best friend and ice cream moment in life . Perhaps < PROPFEMALE > Altmeyer will be a good companion and accompany me tomorrow evening ? 
I'm boring 
Phoneless . Call < PROPFIRST > . 
I love that I love < PROPFIRST > Posecai and I really love that he loves me back 
Do you ever research for inspiration to the point where you've discovered so many inspiring things that you become uninspired ? I do . 
I'm used to being good 
well , this is the third time this week the people in my new house are partying at 3am aka I have to move so if anyone has a room ... please give me details , thanks 
I just want to procrastinate :( 
Gotta finish these Metal Children renderings so I can go out with my boo for our anniversaries babies ! 
Fuck the radio . 
I never got to see The White Stripes live : * c 
Two sacksa ' crawdads , a kega ' beeah , and some sun shine 
Braaaaiinnsssssss 
Sometimes that fire inside that pushes me to constantly create actually starts to burn . 
Flowers are blooming :) 
Club 181 is open once again ! 
I love Mardi Gras 
