Cola for Bridal/Bowl weekend festivities 

Move home ... or stay at the beach ? 
Work , then roadtrippin to D.C !!!!!!!!!!!! 
blowing money 
irmoville 
< PROPFEMALE > for interview ! ahhhh 
Last night out in the Dyrrrtle !!!! Getting ready and watching my Gamecocks open a can of whoopass ! 
survived 1st week of a full-time job . Weekend calls for some buzz worthiness . 
got the hookup on Big SOUth ! 
long weekend ahead ... Dyrtle I goooo 
At the office- I ran into a wall . tripped . ran into the wall again 30 < PROPFEMALE > later . Office Depot run- plastic bag ripped on me and stuff fell in puddle . That's just a typical hump day . Thursday .... Game on < PROPFEMALE > Kinolta aka the \chicanery\ " copier . " 
should i still be a gamecock fan when i want Bama to crush Garcia ? 
has O . D'ed on orange juice and is dying for a fat fix of wasabi . 
Bedtime and its not even 10pm ... 
tough game considering i love celtics and Lebron ... 
self-destructing w/ last minute late night home videos of the good days ... 
watching my girls last game online !! 
about to watch an old teammate Blakely Mattern the #1 defender in entire SEC conf . on ESPNU !! Get it giiirrl !!! 
got sidetracked- looking for a new hairdo , send me ur ideas !! 
best mooovie everr ... < PROPFEMALE > christmas < PROPFEMALE > christmas < PROPFEMALE > chrismas kiss my ass kiss his ass kiss your ass Happy Hannukkah hahaha !! 
I woke up this morning and swwwwoooooore it had to be Friday ... WHOOO YEA ! 
< PROPFEMALE > - SEVEN GAMES ?!?!!? really . REALLY ?!?!?! 
100% Ice Pellets ... aka free day oofff ?!?!?!?! 
going to Panthers gaaaaame to see Farve and < PROPFIRST > Rice !!! 
back to the City 
Black Eyed Peas concert Feb . 20 , let me know if u want to get tickets ! 
wishes she was going back to school . 
stressickened . ballin ' tonite thank god . someone's getting stomped . 
Last call for Black Eyed Peas concert Feb . 20 !! 
pffth . day 3 still can't eat . 
Saaaayyiiiiiiiddd !! 
friends arrive soon and the festivities begin at midnight . Sorry in advance to my neighbors . 
ohhh life and what it'll do to ya . 
CCU mbb on Big South Network and 2 hours of LOST on ABC tonight !!! 
CCU tonight at 8 pm on ESPNU !!! 
soccer with the boys !! 
To not make a decision ... is a decision ... 
one good thing about working for a conference is March Madness TV ALL DAY right in front of my desk ;) 
fun day , I was actually busy and got to stop and witness the Tigers hanging themselves . 
where r u july ..... 
3 months ... 3 months ... 3 months ........ 
rollin ' til the wheels fall off . 
Ballin in Heaven now .... Rest in Peace April , we will miss ur sunshine around here . 
Dinner with Guns then some Eagles ' action . 
attempting to work out before sunrise . 
Shout out to Tiger Woods- u're sucking sooo .... come to BFINNNN !! 
its tough when I've realized it was a year ago I was at the beach w a pack of coronas and now I'm stuck between 4 walls . 
Thanks to all of yall for the tons of birthday love !! Definitely had a great day yesterday !!! 
A special mother heaven needs to take on board- Forever and always rest in peace Mrs. Schuller . 
NoDa town and final LOST episode before finale !!! Calling it now- the twist of it all is there will be another season . 
Last minute decision , NCAA D1 < PROPMALE > test in the morning . All-nighter . College routine is Back . Thanks Boss/ettes . Oh and Janny-if you read this , its all your fault . :) 
6 weeks ; 26 days ; 208 hours ; 12,480 minutes until I'm free fallin 
In a box watching CCU baseball thats playing only 20 minutes away . And , I work for the conference which is semi-hosting it . ugh . Fml . 
30 Days . 
C'mon , let's GO COASTAL ! 
C-I , N-O C-I , N-O Let's Go Coastal !!! 
C-I , N-O ; C-I , N-O ; Let's Go Coastal !!! SUPER REGIONALS !!!!!!!! 
one week . . . til coronas on the beach w my best girls . say AAahh ... 
dreaming of 34th street . And Revolutions . 
Who knows anyone that needs a roommate in < PROPFEMALE > ??? 
1.5 hr left of the internship , Finals ' tonight- better get my discount ! Interview in the morning , getting my haiirrr done after , possibly nails too , then packing , then an extremely vital pit stop for some boooze and the its off to many JEWIDO festivities at the Beach !!!! ( siiighs ) Oh Happy Day ... 
Hannukkah in July was surreal ... 
has moved a total of 11 times in the last 6 years . fml . Big girl job starts tomorrow !! 
Bar Crrrrawlin ' 
Driving range for Sunday Funday festivities 
my head's spinning but my feet wont move ! 
PC computers seriously suck . 
Just made her goal for the month w 3 new accounts !!! Ow ow wow ! 
Hump Day . 
I ran into 3 Coastal retired athletes last night by accident . Then come to find out Coastal boys soccer r playing UNCC tonight ! aaah can't wait to see my girls tonight !! 
monkey monday . 
24 hours is not enough . 
I need to get rid of my couches asap . Somebody buy them from me !!!! 
Holler to my CCU soccer girls for beating Clemsoonnnnnnn !!!! 
Finally fixed the FB defects ! 
31 years today ! Happy Anniversary mom and dad !!! 
Finally . Wedding , successfully complete . 
\When it rains ... it pours\ " * A-Mel " 
Is in love with a 50 
ah . finally . my breath of fresh air .............. 
Game Day ! Now where are those damn gator bites ?? Let's deep fry them nice and crunchy . GOOO COCKS !! 
just woke up deprived of food ... last time i ate was 14 hours ago ! Can't sleep now so hell , shoot me a question in my inbox and i'll post an answer ..... 
2 Guidos and a Jew reunion . CANNOT . Wait . 
North til u smell it , then turn west til u step in it ... Goooo COCKS !!! 
\I'm the situation that likes to situated . \"- anonymous " 
Soccer finals tonight- Shooting for our 4th out of 5 championships and our second in a row ! 
2 Guidos & a Jew . Time well wasted ...... 
Wait a minute ... Let me get this straight- COASTAL .. BEAT ... LSU ?????? 
Scratch the Bobcats ... I'm going to see MJ ! 
has the best Uncle in the world ! Sushi then Bobcats . Yes siiiirr !!! 
Day off tomorrow ... \Good attitude w bad habits . \"" 
3-day weekend ... hmm what to do ... what to doo ... 
has several Bobcat tickets ... let me know if u want in ! 
\That's just the way the cookie crumbles ... \"" 
Its a festivus for the rest of us .... 
hmm .... new years .... what to do , what to do ...? 
Dear Year 2010- u've been one hell of a rollercoaster . Let's move on ... 2011 , swing my way and I'm gonna take u nowhere but UP ! 
Was in Target today , bought a frapp , looked to my right , nearly dropped my frapp- wish I did bc bathing suits were on the racks ! Its only January people !! \ 
Grrr 
Getting my smart on ... 
\State of Emergency . \ " Somehow the newsprint industry didn't get the message .... Cold Hearts . " 
i want everything and nothing at the same time . 
Tuesdays is literally the worst day of the week . Its the day after Monday , and you still have 4 days to go .... Thirsty Tuesdays anyone ??? 
just give me the beers till the week is over . 
Oh migranes , you love me dearly and I hate you clearly . f'off . 
is getting hungry for an italian dinner on \Queen's Feast Week\ " at my amazing customer's < PROPFIRST>'s Italian Restaurant/Bar in Ballantyne . MM mmm MMM . " 
My goal for the rest of the week ... No food allergy attacks , no migranes , no broken phones . Please . Just one easy . uneventful . day . 
Repeat summer of ' 08 ?? Vooolpe tonight and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! Hurry up Friday ! 
I need a drink and a new dance move . \ 
(( -- l -- )) 
Coastal < PROPFEMALE > is now running the show nationally in bball owning the longest winning streak !!! BLACK ' N TEAL , BLACK ' N TEAL 7pm tonight at Winthrop\ 
\ 
BLACK ' N TEAL , BLACK ' N TEAL BLACK ' N TEAL , BLACK ' N TEAL 
Roses r red , violets r blue , Vday wish came true , Clowney I heart you !!! Gamecock Nation has risen !!! 
Maybe working as a slave in the food industry wasn't so bad in < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Unbeliveable . Coming from USA Today's shining light of CCU Athletics to NY Times raping our Men's bball program . Screw you < PROPFIRST > and RESIGN . Three times in three different programs .... Seriously ??? Did you think third time would be a charm ? Gah dang MAN !!! Get your ballsack straight . 
ballin ' out tonight w my chickens taking over ESPN !!! GO COCKS AND CCU !!! \ 
C-I , N-O COCKS ! C-I , N-O COCKS ! C-I , N-O COCKS ! 
He today's employee appreciation day . HA , who would have known ... 
In need of some good news ! 
