HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! 

I wish we had vans that drove around all night , only instead of ice cream and jolly tunes it would be taco < PROPFEMALE > and the macarena 
this mess is f'in ridiculous ! < PROPFIRST>'s computer is too small to be settin this up on ! 
HAPPY EASTER ! 
The only sure thing about luck is that it will change . 
Gotta love grandmothers ! 
The BIGGEST mistake is being too afraid to make it ! 
Story of my life i get the wrong parts for everythin ... first i like girls an they < PROPMALE > give me that equipment then the wrong bolts for my car !!! 
Oh where oh where did my lil hoe go ? Oh where oh where can she be ? 
Me an my tree hugger are a great team !!! 
Finally get my car back together then i gotta take it back apart so i'd only have to pay 35 instead of 105 now me an < PROPMALE > get to do everthin all over again !!! 
Stuffy , sore , an sleepy ! And i cant even go to sleep cause the stuffiness an soreness wont let me ! 
Never practice what you preach . If you're going to practice it why preach it ? 
Mud ridin wit my tree hugger !!! 
Mmmmmm margaritas !!! 
They say what doesn't kill you makes you stronger ! Well what if i didn't sign up for extra strength training ? 
Another weekend at the ball fields 
Anyone who says sunshine brings you happiness has never danced in the rain 
Never again will i jump off the anythin wit battle < PROPMALE > ! One of us always falls an bust our ass an this time it was me ! 
HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY TO MY BATTLE < PROPMALE > !!! 
Heaven help the fool who did er wrong its too late too bad shes too far gone he shoulda thought of that before he left er all alone if shes lonely now she wont be lonely long 
At the casino wit < PROPFEMALE > punkin an < PROPFEMALE > battle < PROPMALE > for er 21st ... already havin fun an only been here a hour !!! 
Um ... has anyone ever heard of the poptart monkies ? 
Its like a pillsbury cookie , but better !!! :) 
Just know wherever you are near or far in your house or in your car , wherever you are battle < PROPMALE > i pray for you ! ( ha me loves you bb ) 
Had a blast tubin an wake boardin wit < PROPFEMALE > wife , < PROPFEMALE > battle < PROPMALE > , an < PROPFEMALE > !!! Ready to go again ! 
Can't wait to go out on the res tomm wit the crew ! Gonna have some fun wake boardin an tubin ! 
Ready for a weekend of peace and quiet ! 
Headed out at 930 on our 4 hour drive to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > but atleast < PROPFEMALE > battle < PROPMALE > didnt < PROPFEMALE > ke us take a freakin bus !!! 
We made it out of our canoe alive and only with limited battle wounds !!! 
Its amazing how time flies ! 
Dr. Faggot ! Paging Dr. Faggot ! 
Thought of the day : Never give up on love ! Sometimes you have to climb a few mountains and get a few cuts before you reach level ground and can heal ! 
Oh the things you see an here when folks sing karaoke !!! 
No one ever said love was easy , it has its ups and downs and rough patches along the way but in the end its always worth the fight ! 
It's crazy , ain't it ?!? 
I just don't get it , how things magically change in 5 minutes ! It's so confusing , especially when you don't recall doing whatever you did in those 5 minutes ! 
Every action in our lives touches on some cord that ripples in enternity 
Road trip to starkville to officially move LL back !!! 
Sittin in waffle house an LL says : when i laid on the matress i could feel where the wood had been in me an its all bruised and shit ! 
mama to LL : can i ask you a question ? LL to mama : i've never put it in my mouth ! 
Have i ever mentioned that i absolutely hate goin to the dentist ? If not then i am now ! 
Sittin in the dentist office and what do i hear on the radio right before dr. wise yanks my tooth out ? Mine an bb's bad luck song ! Its a sign , isn ' 
That song was definately a bad sign cause this tooth hurt worse then the last one cause i wasnt completely numb an i felt it comin out ! 
105 degree hot tub in 100 degree weather in the summer time only us !!! 
Night swimmin at LLs , can't go swimmin durin the day when its 105 heat index we wait til night when its cooled off ! Aint that bassackwards ? 
Ready to dance !!! 
Ugh ! So ready for the day to be over with already ! 
Here we go , here we go on our way to the boat ! 
Made it home from the boat wit a lil extra money now finally time for bed ! 
Riddle me this if you please ... How come it's ok for the student body at a high school to debate issues pertaining to homesexuality with the arguement that it's wrong in the eyes of God but those same students can't pray in school or even read their Bible in their free time ? Can I get help with an answer ? 
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing 
One day and i mean one day soon you will look back and say \what hell was i thinkin ? \"" 
I'm awake and at work after 2 hours of sleep , what more could you possibly ask for ? 
lovin it !!! 
yea it's ironic ! it's a lil crazy and even a lil weird , but i promise hell hasn't froze over ! just actin like adults and not wantin to deal with the drama ! 
So how bout i get to work today an my radiator blows up ! this mess is effin ridiculous ! 
Finally off work , finally ate , an finna take my radiator off to check the damage ! Wish me luck ! 
Anyone wanna help me put my radiator in today ? 
EVJE2KR 
Woo Hoo we'll be greenwood bound her soon ! I love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and her late night road trips ! 
First u gotta put ur neck into it < PROPMALE > stop jus do it do it 
Ridin through the ghetto an LL plays juvenile u know they was like look at them effin crackas 
I so miss the days when mama's kiss was the cure for everythin ! 
Don't you hate it when people are so selfish an inconsiderate ? 
And i'll never need to see the sun again , there's enough light in your eyes to light up out little world ... 
If you expect the unexpected , then doesn't that make the unexpected expected ? 
I distrust camels and for that matter anyone else who can go a week without a drink ! 
A guy at work just told me smokin kills slowly .... so what who's in a hurry ? Not me ! 
Why is it said that an alarm clock is going off when really it's coming on ? 
Note to self : it is illegal to stab people for their stupidity . 
My formula for simple living : I wake up in the morning and go to bed at night . In between , i occupy myself the best i can . 
Keep on an ima stab u wit that bobbypin ! 
so me an punk took the what % gay are your quiz and i got 95% but punk only got 88% and i'm not sure how that works considering the fact we'are married and all ! 
I like my beer cold ... my tv loud .... an my homosexuals flaming ! 
Holy crap my fake plants died because i forgot to pretend to water them ! 
If you can't see the bright side , then polish the dull side ! 
sure wish some folks came wit a big neon sign above their head sayin i'm finna tell u my life story that way u could avoid em if u didn't feel like hearin it 
How come not one person on a beer commercial ever has a beer gut ? 
< PROPMALE > is my lunch time lover ! 
whoever said nothing is impossible never tried slamming a revolving door ! 
HUMPTY-DUMPTY WAS PUSHED !!! 
Ill teach this in 8 easy steps course of a lifetime ull never forget ill show u how to in 8 easy steps ill show u how real this shit looks when taught the best 
early bird gets the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese ! 
it's always darkest before < PROPFEMALE > , so if you're going to steal your neighbor's news paper , that's the time ti do it ! 
some days your the bug , and some days you're the windshield 
It's like a slumber party !!! Woo hoo !!! \ 
~ INFINITY x 2 ~ 
KH : we need to have girls night at the fair next month ! KT : yea but im not drinkin til after the rides cause ill prolly lose my tooth ! im gonna fixident it in ! 
the 50/50/90 rule : if there is a 50/50 < PROPMALE > you can get something right , then there is a 90% < PROPMALE > you will get it wrong ! 
Dolphins are so intelligent that within only a few weeks of captivity they can train people to stand at the edge of a pool an throw fish 
remember the time the cat ate my goldfish , and you lied to me and said i never had a goldfish ? well why did i have the bowl < PROPFEMALE > ? huh ? why did i have the bowl ? i'll tell you why , because you're an effin liar that's why !!! 
i'm a little amazed to hear of plane crash victims who can only be identified through dental records , because what i can't understand is if they don't know who you are how do they know who your dentist is ? 
Don't be selfish share your coconuts ! 
imagine how much deeper the ocean would be without all the sponges !?! 
constantly choosing between the lesser of two evils is still choosing evil so when choosing i always choose the one i've never tried before ! 
never go to a doctor whose offices plants have died 
marriage is like a tense , unfunny version of everybody loves < PROPFIRST > , only it doesn't last 22 minutes , IT LASTS FOREVER !!! 
If it's a hole in the wall does that mean it's a dirty freeforall 
eagles may soar high , but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines ! 
never test the depth of water with both feet 
Few women admit their age , and few men act it 
My wife is the greatest ! 
in the 1500s most people got married in June because they took their yearly bath in May so they still smelled pretty good by June . however , they were still starting to smell a little so brides would < PROPFEMALE > a bouquet of flowers to hide the body odor . hence the custom today of < PROPFEMALE > ing flowers when getting married . 
it's 3:40 do you know where your pants are ? 
the funniest thing you'll ever see first thing in the morning is 6 mexicans squeezing into a small ford pick up an if that wasn't enough , you should've seen them trying to shut the doors ! 
you know you've been working and running around too much when you get invited to a party at YOUR house that you didn't even know was happening ! 
flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss 
Got my purple on ! 
if it doesn't fit , force it ; if it breaks , it needed to be replaced anyways . 
BREAKING NEWS : the energizer < PROPFEMALE > was arrested and charged with battery 
why do you press harder on the buttons of a remote when you know the batteries are dead ? 
I got a battle < PROPMALE > for sale real cheap ! Anyone who wants < PROPFEMALE > middleton jus lemme know !!! 
Ok battle < PROPMALE > has gone off sale , she's still mine ! However i'll rent er out for the right price but for this weekend only ! 
If Webster wrote the first dictionary where did he get the words ? 
Kt : did we get any chocolate today ? Me : tootsie pops Kt : will u eat the < PROPFEMALE > off the outside so i can have toe tootsie roll ? 
Some folks just irk ya nerves ! 
why do we say something is \out of whack\ " ? what exactly is \ " whack \"?" 
why doesn't glue stick to the inside of the bottle ? 
fill what's empty , empty what's full , scratch where is itches . 
you can't plan life , all you can do is be available for it . 
At the boat wit < PROPFEMALE > baby an my nuggle bear 
man is a peculiar creature . he spends a fortune making his home insect-proof and air-conditioned , only to turn around and eat in the yard . 
< PROPMALE > says to me I'm gonna shove my mouth full of this hotdog so i can't hear you talk ! Bahaha love it ! 
Although your tounge is very little not many people are able to hold it ! 
never be bullied into silence . never allow yourself to be made a victim . accept no one's definition of your life ; define yourself . 
timing has an awful lot to do with the outcome of a rain dance . 
a great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it . 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! 
never hold discussions with the monkey when the organ grinder is in the room . 
Ha ha Some folks jus don't think things through before they come out of their mouths my brother got asked if u can go to jail for comitting suicide 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone 
4 hours of sleep in 2 days ain't cuttin it ... it's time to crash !!! 
suburbs are ares where they cut down all the trees and then name the streets after them . 
ever had one of those days where it seems everyone is just out to irk ya last nerve ? yea it's one of those days ! 
never floss with strangers 
< PROPMALE > sure makes you respect cops less and less . they're just as cowardly and pathetic as the people who wait until you aren't home or wait until it's just your 12 year old little brother there before they come to your house ! first the cops say don't come back then they let them come back and threaten to arrest you when you get home ! pathetic huh ? 
i must be a bad bitch for you to hide behind the police car when i pull up i mean really ? do i seriously seem ignorant enough to do somethin in front of a police officer ? you sure weren't scared of the 12 year old but when big sissy gets there to help him defend himself you run and hide like a < PROPFEMALE > . that's ok though ms. < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch who kicks ass hard and you'll meet her soon ! 
THREE BROWN BEAR !!! 
you gotta embrace the chaos , life just might astonish you 
First official day of winter an i'm outside in shorts an a tshirt ! 
a synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first though of . 
Christmas is a lil weird ... what other holiday do you sit around a dead tree and eat < PROPFEMALE > out of a sock ? 
Some folks just try to stir shit up , but it's ok < PROPFEMALE > will be introduced to you soon and just might become a life long friend if you keep on 
< PROPFEMALE > is officially on er way to texas , wtf am i gonna do wit myself while she's gone ? 
S: what do i have to wash ? C : everythin ! S: but mama i washed my body yesterday ! ha ha love that kid he's a trip when it's bath time 
FOR SALE : Parachute . Only used once , never opened , small stain . 
The chicken came first ... God would look funny sittin on an egg . 
My date wit them shots went well , i think we're gonna continue seeing each other 
how come 365 days out of the year i can sleep with my mouth wide open or only breathe through my nose and i'm fine , wake up feeling like a champ ; but the moment i get sick and i sleep with my mouth wide open or breathe all night through my nose i wake up with a friggin sore throat it just doesn't seem right does it ? 
Just dance is definately the funniest game ! 
i'm tellin ya the dog was clappin its hands/paws ! 
Where'd you wash your hair last night ? \ 
Do worms go to heaven ? 
You shouldn't throw your cigarette butts on the ground cause they make their way to the ocean where fish smoke them an become addicted to nicotine 
Jus for the effin record wasp stings hurt like a mug !!! 
havin one of those days where when you talk to me it sounds like the adults from < PROPFIRST > brown ! 
Fool we in < PROPMALE > u'll come up missin you better hush ! 
