Hi to all . I very seldom have time to jump on here . So don't think I am ignoring you . Hope y'all are doing well . Love to all . Gotta go . 

Hey you guys . I know < PROPFIRST > posted some new pictures so jump onto her Facebook and check them out . She'll have to show me again how to add new photos . Love to all , Shell 
Happy New Year ! 
Happy New Year To All ! 2010 feels like a great year to start a new . Wishing everyone good health and happiness . 
Going bananas with all this darn snow and now sub temps . Have to say ... I am really tired of it already . Oh yeah ... and trying to learn how to attach pictures without having to ask Leslie-Ann again . Just give me time . I'll get it eventually ! 
Still working on photos . < PROPFIRST > had to show me again . Things are looking up here . It is getting warmer ! You know you are a true NoDak when the temp is 20 and you aren't cold anymore . Love to all ! 
Hey Mom . Just wanted to say thanks for turning me into a Cafe junky . I have spoiled several dishes . I forget about them and come back and they are green and gross . It's fun though and distracting . Love you guys . Have a great day ! It's hump day . Yahoo ! 
\Lost\ " watching \ " Lost\ " ... thought it was supposed to start making sense by now ???? " 
Sending all my Love and Prayers to my Precious Family and Friends . I love and appreciate you all . Remember to tell your loved ones the same cuz tomorrow might be too late . 
You know the saying when life hands you lemons make lemonade ... what if it throws the whole darn orchard at you ... then what ? 
OK guys . I tried to upload photos of Faith-Ann's 1st Birthday Party but I guess I still have a lot to learn . Tomorrow is a new day . I shall try again . Love to all ! 
Just killed a HUGE SPIDER and didn't even scream ! YAHOO ! I am woman ... hear me roar ! 
Great night a head ! Dinner with family and Rescue Me comes back on ! YAHOO ! 
Happy 4th y'all! Just chillin ' at home today . The kids are going to < PROPMALE>'s today for picnic and fireworks later . Hopefully they actually get to visit with their Dad this year . Love to all and be safe ! 
New favorite band . Jaron and The Long Road To Love ! \Pray For You\ " came on the radio the other day & I literally laughed out loud . WOW-I know right .. it takes a lot 2 make me laugh like that nemore so I knew I had to buy his CD & I am not sorry I did . Go 2 CMT.com 4 a listen . I promise it doesn't sound like country @ all & U will laugh so hard U pee yourself .. try it ! I gar-on-T you will like it . " 
You gotta love Tuesday nights ( Rescue Me) ! I think I'll take a < PROPFEMALE > out of \Lou's\ " ( < PROPFIRST > Scurti ) and \ " Tommy's\ " ( < PROPMALE > Leary ) book and just say what is on my mind . Everybody watch out ... LOL . Oh yeah and it doesn't hurt that Franco is easy on the eyes . " 
Watching Lion < PROPMALE > with my two favorite girls ... Faith-Ann and Leslie-Ann . Faith's first time and she loves it . She dances to all the songs . She's the sweet of what's left of my heart . Thank God for my kids ! 
PROMISE TO MY CHILDREN : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , sometimes even be your worst nightmare . Lay awake at night and fret ... cheer for you , brag about you & even hug you in public until the day you understand why I do it . All because .. I ... LOVE ... YOU ...... You can never find someone who loves you & cares about you more than your mom !! Copy & paste if you you agree 
True Blood rocks ! You gotta love vampires and a good looking werewolf to boot . Sweet ! 
How do you know when it's time to do the dishes ??? When you eat cereal for lunch and have to use one of your granddaughter's baby spoons ... LOL ! 
Facebook ... it's all fun and games ' til someone gets their feelings hurt ! 
Oopsie ... stayed at Margaritaville a little too long :-) 
Do you ever get the feeling that someone else thinks they are the only one affected by matters of the heart ? I am feeling that right now . Like I am supposed to just shut up and keep my true feelings to myself . Which I have been doing for a really long time now . So to that other person ... U win ! 
Well guys , thanks for listening to all my ranting and raving . This has been a really difficult month for me and I am going to try to start a new journey in my life and do things for me and my kids that can only bring us closer as a family ... because really in the end that is all you have and I want their memories of their mom to be good ones . Love to all ! 
Trying to change my profile picture . Who wants to bet that it takes me and hour or more to do it ??? I am not so great at things like this yet ... but I'm trying . 
The girls ( Faith-Ann , Sweet Pea & I ) are watching Armageddon and playing peek-a-boo . We should be cleaning and getting ready for the trip but oh well . Faith-Ann really wanted to watch the movie and ... well you see her picture ... how could Gma say no ? 
What to do when the baby is stuck behind the couch .... become super strong Grandma and move the heavy couch .... don't worry she's fine . She's on to zerberting the dog now . Never a dull moment ! LOL 
Having a good time on vaca ! Except for the heat . My old body can't take it anymore . I couldn't live in the south again . Love to all . Shell 
Vacation is going well . Too bad it will end soon and then back to reality . Oh well , it has been great while it lasted . Love to all ! 
Finally home . Safe and Sound ! Praise the Lord ! Thanks so much to all y'all who took time to visit with us . We enjoyed it so much and look forward to doing it again . Love to all ! 
Catching up on True Blood ... oh no good looking werewolf man is leaving ... boohoo . I will miss him . Hope he comes back soon . 
What Color Fire are YOU ? -- My Result : Rare Green . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/269404/referrals/status?aid=533743973 
What tattoo design represents you the most ? -- My Result : Lillies . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/682463/referrals/status?aid=533743973 
I think this is a never ending day ! When will it end ? 
wondering if I will spend every Friday night like this one ... watched half a movie by myself until < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > & Faith came home and finished it with me ... now on FB ... what a wild life huh . maybe after i turn 40 i'll really cut loose . what's there to lose ... right ? 
I've never actually seen someone slip on a banana peel ! 
Fighting off the flu bug and trying to keep it to myself . Don't want Faithie to get it . Love to all and have a great Labor Day weekend . 
Happy Labor Day ! Be safe ! 
Chillin ' with < PROPFIRST > and Faith . Silly , silly girls ! 
Great start to Survivor tonight . Looking forward to an interesting season . 
tired of being to exhausted to fall asleep . i mean seriously ... how many damn sheep can one count ? 
Thank you all so much for all the Happy Birthday wishes and the LOVE ! 40 feels a lot like 30 except ... we can eat cake ! ( not like I wouldn't even if it weren't my bday ) The kids and I are going out to Space Aliens for dinner ... I say it is soon time to Eat , Drink and be OOOHHH so < PROPFEMALE > . Love to all ! Thanks again . Shell 
Night Night cruel world ... going to bed with the newest < PROPMALE > Sparks book on my Nook the \kids\ " gave me for my birthday ! Thanks again . I love it ! " 
Have you ever been driving and then you see it ... 1 lonely shoe on the side of the road . I always wonder ... where's the other one ? Where's the person the shoe belongs to ? What if there's a foot inside of the shoe ? OMG right ! I know it's weird but just think about it . 
I like it on the desk . 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your ... status . I'll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life 
Happy Halloween to all ! Be safe and have fun ! 
What I am most thankful for this Thanksgiving holiday ... my family , friends and the ability god gave me to forgive . Without it , WE can not heal nor can our loved ones . 
Thank god for my first born . She helped Reece with homework tonight . 
Great weekend so far . NOT ! < PROPFIRST > now has the stomach flu . We were up most of the night & I have already done more laundry today than I usually do in a week . Poor kid . He is getting some rest & drinking lots of gatorade . I was hoping this was done in our house since last weekend it hit us hard . It could always be worse . Wish us luck ! 
Sweetness ! Just watched previews for Survivor Redemption Island . So excited to see how < PROPMALE > will do this time . Hope he kicks < PROPFIRST>'s ass . I can't stand that little weasel . 
