Ok . What's going on tonight ? Where is my blue < PROPFEMALE > ?? You only get so many of these a year and obviously there won't be anymore THIS year . Psh . Clouds on a full < PROPFEMALE > ? It's not fair I tell ya ! :P 

Who said they didn't want the snow ? Granted , we got all of this seasons downfall at once , but it's so beautiful outside . It's so quiet . Got my tea and my hoodie . I'm ready for the snow . Bring it on ! :D 
If I don't start how am I gonna finish ? 
Made Homemade Mac-n-Cheese ! MMMMM !!!! 
I plan on making Tomato Soup from scratch . Reading the recipe I need vegetable stock . So I'm making my own right now ! 
Made my Tomato Soup from scratch . You could really taste the celery , which we justified as ' summer-fying ' . :D 
Going to Cedar Point tomorrow !! I'm pumped !! 
Cedar Point was AWESOME ! We made record timing ALL day ! ( Sorry I didn't bring everyone . :P ) 
needs a new job ! Something to spice things up . My job is getting monotonous . 
is trying to take life more seriously ... I don't know if I want to ... I'll figure that out later . :P 
Day 1 of the ' Keep on the Watch ' District Convention was GREAT !!! Excited for Day 2 and 3 ! :D 
Alright !! Day 2 of the District Convention was AWESOME too ! I never really liked Symposiums until last year . This years are great ! Pumped for the Drama ! :D 
Day 3 was PHENOMENAL ! The Drama gave me chills ! The 9-part Symposium was outstanding . ... I want to go again . :P 
I feel like I just wasted an hour and a half of my life ... 
I'm painting my room today !!! I think I'm excited . :P It's time to move on . Say your last goodbyes handprints . We'll miss you dearly ! :D 
Mulched the yard . My back is as red as a lobster . :( But I know it's gonna turn into a great tan . < PROPFIRST > doesn't stay burnt long . :P ( And yes . I referred to myself in the third person . lol ) 
Doing cleaning at the house today ! This party is gonna kill us all . I just know it . :P 
Today is cleanup day at the Antolik's! We always have one of these after ' wild parties ' . Not that exciting . And who's big idea was it to leave the back door open all day ? Flies EVERYWHERE ! Shoo fly ! Go on . Shoo !! 
Dad : When are you going to finish unloading the dishwasher ? Me : After I start unloading it ! Mwahahaha ... 
One manager told me that he wants me to work more because I'm \one of the best employees\ " . Then my boss sent me home 30min early because she says \ " I'm bad at my job\ " . How bipolar !! :P " 
Went to the Medina County Fair yesterday ! Saw the demolition derby . Was AWESOME ! Watching cars smash into each other was more fun then I would've imagined . lol . #6 in the ' Subcompact ' league gets < PROPMALE > props ! :D 
Another lazy summer day ... I have a lot of those . :P 
Saw the new video ' The Wonders of Creation Reveal God's < PROPFEMALE>' . Very well done !! If you haven't seen it , you have to ! Definitely makes me appreciate creation a lot more . 
NO WORK FOR 2 WEEKS !!! ( I'm gonna need the monies though . fund collection starting immediately . :P ) Pioneer school starts Monday !! WOOT WOOT . 
Just picked up my book for Pioneer School !! So much studying !! .. I've actually never been excited to study in my life ! :P 
Looking forward to Day 2 of Pioneer School . I already didn't even want to go home today ! Into the field tomorrow !! /nervous and /excited . 
Day 2 went very well ! Service wasn't so bad . After I ' botched up ' the first door , the rest went great ! And I learned today that the instructors are having just as much fun with you as you are with them ! ( read in an undertone . psh ! .. long story ) :P 
Day 3 !! Class discussion on head coverings went A LOT longer than planned . :P But still really good ! 
Just finished studying for Day 5 ! Looking forward to service !! That never happens . :P 
/nervous . I have the weekend to myself . I feel like I should study hard right now and go to bed early for class tomorrow ... I better make time for studying !!! :P 
If I don't walk away from this computer and study , I know for a fact I never will get to it ! 
Needing sleep . I never NEED sleep . That's always been optional . But I presume that's what this feeling is in my eye . * You know what happens when you ' presume ' ... You ' press you to me ' . Ew . Wait * 
Tomorrow is the last day of Pioneer School .. :( 
.... Today is the first meeting since Pioneer School ... Why am I nervous ?? It's not like I've never been to meeting ! /nervous ? 
So meeting went well ! I don't know why I was so nervous . But it's all good ! ( I only commented once . ) :P 
Do you know what it's like to be the first person in a contact list ? People open their phone to call someone , see your name and DON'T CALL YOU !! It's hurtful is what it is !! .... If you don't have my number , it's for the best . :P 
Just took a quiz and found out that I'm just like Chandler from Friends !! :D The description is me in a nutshell ! :D 
Has a stupid sore throat and runny nose . ( I blame work . Sickies everywhere ! ) Has plans for tonight to go see Bugs < PROPFEMALE > at < PROPFEMALE > . Should I go and get everyone else sick ? Or stay home and get better ? 
staying home tonight to get better . < PROPFIRST > wanted me to go with him to a bonfire . I'm not going to go to someone else's house that I don't even know . Just to blow my nose in a strangers house ! To sneeze and cough on people I don't know ! Staying home seems like the smarter choice !! ugh . 
eating SUPER-CHEESY pepperjack cheese eggs for breakfast ! ... I have work today . 1-5pm . Right in the middle of the day ! So far the eggs are the only thing I have going for me . :P 
You can now be my fan ! How exciting for you ! :D 
Last night was A LOT of fun !! Too bad it's over . I don't know why I enjoyed it so much , but if I had to relive another day , yesterday would be that day ! :D 
brb . 
I'm running a tight schedule tomorrow . So don't get in my way . ( I'm really not intimidating , am I ? ) 
BABY ? < PROPFEMALE > ! 
..... ..... ..... just found out that a friend of mine on Facebook is no longer my friend ... When I clicked on their picture to see what's new with them ( I feel like a stalker on FB ) it said ' add friend ' ... BUT THEY WERE ALREADY !!! How disappointing .. 
Got paid today .. and had to give 200 of it to insurance . Sometimes I wish someone else would pay for that . :P 
Dad : I want to ... um ... you know what I'm trying to say . Aaron : No dad , I don't . You haven't said anything ! 
I don't care who you are , NEVER tell someone that you're vulnerable ! Especially when you are ! 
So ... I've decided that some people shouldn't have a Facebook account . Can I get a ' woop woop' ?? ( I'm REALLY white ! ) 
Today was OFFICIALLY my first time in rush-hour traffic . Really wasn't too bad . I'm a very calm driver as it is . After I dropped off < PROPFIRST > I drove around < PROPMALE > ( because I could ) and saw some really cool buildings . < PROPMALE > isn't that scary during the morning as it is at night . :P 
I cleaned the ENTIRE house today . Then people came over and trashed it . I cleaned up everything tonight . After I'm all done , < PROPMALE > needed a pillow . < PROPFIRST > yelled at me and told me to get < PROPMALE > a pillow , since ' I'm not doing anything ' . I cleaned the house for HIS party . Cleaned up after HIS party ! And then he tells me that I'm not doing anything ?? If he wasn't already in a neck brace I would've put him in one ! 
When did the Song Lyric become so famous ? Why do people post song lyrics on their status at all ? \Aaron's status : It's too late to apologize . \ " .... Bad example .. But you know what I mean ! It's not how you're feeling . It's just something that you enjoy hearing ... Why does this bother me ?? " 
went to a place called Steak Escape in Strongsville . Got a HUGE baked potato for dinner . You ready for this ? 1 1/4 lb potato , steak or chicken , bacon , sour cream , cheddar cheese , onions , bbq sauce and cajun seasonings . This thing was MASSIVE and tasted WONDERFUL ! I highly recommend the $6.50 . It took over half an hour to eat ! Mmmm . 
It's beautiful today ! I wanna go for a hike or something , but I don't want to get the group together . So you make the group and I'll decide which one to join . :P 
Since I'm Captain Obvious .. It's COLD outside !! Brrr .... 
I made this great Peach Pie for today .... Now I have no party to take it to so I wanna share it . I only made one so I'm taking orders . :P 
heard < PROPMALE > Fosters talk this morning . Was GREAT ! He made copies for those who know him and want one . It's already on my Ipod . :P 
So weather outside is great ! But there is one thing that I don't like about today ... Those stupid Japanese Beetles !! They are all over the house trying to get in . I had to hurry and close the door ! I look stupid trying to hide from these things .. Warn your friends and your family ! The Beetles are back !! /RUN !!! 
I don't like not being invited to things . But I'll tell ya what , it is fun finding a way to get invited . :P 
I'm actually making dinner tonight !! :D Pasta with a Vodka Cream Sauce . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . Let's see if it turns out for me . :P 
If there is one thing I learned today it would be this : \Be careful when making dinner . You only wind up hurt in the end . \ " :P " 
Burning the top of your mouth really takes the fun out of eating . But that doesn't stop me from trying ! :D 
... I'm not worried that < PROPFEMALE > told me today that I would make a great stay-at-home dad ! In fact . I'm honored ! Who wouldn't want to stay at home and not go to work ? :D 
It's late . I have to work tomorrow . I'm kinda tired . But it's a full < PROPFEMALE > ! How can I resist going for a walk on a night like this ? I can't . So I'm going to listen to my ' Moonlit Walk ' mix from Ally and take my rat baby for a walk down the drive . Life doesn't get better ! :D 
I had to be at work at the ungodly hour of 5:30 am . After words I did some running around and got pooped beyone compare . So I went and took a 7hour ' nap ' . Now it's 12:37 AM and I'm wide awake . And this is why I don't take naps !! Throws my entire cycle out of wack . Ugh . ... I need to go to bed ... But I CAN'T! I clearly didn't think this through at all . 
So why is ' Facebook ' a misspelled word when on Facebook ? And why does ' Verizon ' not show up as a word when you have a Verizon phone ? I'd understand if you said ' T-mobile ' while using Verizon . I wouldn't like it if you said someone elses name instead of mine either . :P 
Last night I finally put my hammock up in my room . It's been 4 years in the making . And last night was the big day ! :D I love having it . Especially in the house . :P 
I wanna make mini pies today .. but I can't seem to get motivated ! :( 
I made my mini pies ! Only took me in to the next day to get motivated . But I'm all done ! :D 
Spent the day with < PROPFIRST > and Hudson . Was a wonderful ' do nothing ' day ! :D 
I'm just a boy ! C I N D Y ? ! 
I can't decide if I should leave the house on Black Friday ? I was smart and took off work .. Now what to do with my free time ? I'm also thinking of going in to get coffee , just to rub in their faces that I don't have to work ! WOOT WOOT ! :P 
Oh no !! Tomorrow starts Christmas music at work ! If I have to hear another version about that stupid reindeer with the red nose , Ima kill him ! 
I had an apple for breakfast . My dad's reply : ' An apple ? That's it ?? ... Good for you . ' Not sure how to take that . :P 
Today is one of those days ! Not so good ... 
I love hearing great news about old friends . Warms the cockels of my heart ! :D 
Loves typos . It's great when one misplaced letter changes the entire word and you look like a fool in the end ! :D 
My dad walks in the door with a 6 pack and says to < PROPFIRST > ' Oh , I didn't you were gonna be home ' . Almost like he's hiding an addiction or something .. Maybe that's where I get it from . :P 
Today is the first of December . The first day of the last month of the year . If now isn't the time to set goals then when should I ? I have so many plans , but not enough motivation to < PROPFEMALE > them out . Someone be my personal motivator . I need you . Now accepting applications . :P 
Planning on going to IKEA today ! I doubt I'll buy anything , I just like going . :P 
Lost Father : May have reward . Probably not , though . :P 
Why do people , who have never met me , constantly request to be my friend ? \Psh . You don't know me ! \"" 
A persons refrigerator says alot about them . Mine is filled with Panera food . I think it means that I'm cheap and really appreciate the free food ! :D ( Tell me what your fridge is telling you ! ) 
Feeling productive . Did some things I wanted to do and its only 11:45 . Now I have the day to bum . Nothing new there . :P 
Had a great day in service ! I was more upbuilt than anything else I could've done today ! :D 
I finished everything I needed to do by 1:00 pm ! :D And this time they were real chores . :P 
Who doesn't love a good leftover for breakfast ? :D 
Finally snow ! What took you so long ?? 
It's beautiful out ! :D I'm looking forward to the full < PROPFEMALE > with the snow . Mmmmm .. It's awesome out here on nights like that ! Especially with a snowman mug full of hot tea . I can't wait !!! :D 2 more days and counting ! 
Work just called me and so kindly called me off . NO WORK ! SNOW DAY !! WOOT WOOT ! Who ever said I didn't like Panera ?! :D 
I started exercising today . Finally gave in to myself and set a goal . I don't know where the motivation came from , but let's chain it to the ground so it doesn't go anywhere ! 
OK ! So a little bit ago I started noticing that people were posting colors on FB . I didn't realize they were ' panty colors ' . So when you say ' Black ' I commented ' White ' . When you say ' Yellow ' I said ' Blue ' . Now I feel stupid . But you should feel stupid for telling everyone your undy color . Tsk tsk on you ! :P 
I wanna see Avatar again !! One time is not enough ! 
Hi . I like you . Let's date . I love you . Let's get married . Next month ? PERFECT ! :D 
Oh the rumors I've started ! And the repercussions will be great indeed ! 
Ok . So to calm you all down , it was a joke . I've learned from this today that if this ever happens you all will be happy for me . Thanks . So you can stop calling me and start calling all the people you called to tell them the ' great news ' . Don't lie to me . I know you told someone else . It's what you do . :P 
I got my first email scam !! How exciting !! \Indicate your interest to receive the transfer of ( US $9.5 ) Million 50% for me and 50% for you\ " had scam writen all over it . I feel so cool now ! lol . " 
My eyes are saying ' Go to bed , stupid ' but my bouncing leg is telling me ' Stay up and party!!' . Shut up leg . :P 
07.32.38 
Even on my days off I find myself eating Panera . 
WHY ? WHY ? WHY ? 
If you want a burrito , you can have another bite of mine . :P 
WELCOME TO TODAY !! 
Out of around 100 people , all but ONE didn't wear plaid . Hooray for success ! :D 
Never drink and bake ! You'll stop measuring altogether ! This crust has too much better ... er ... butter .. . Never drink and type . :P 
I hate when you look your school up , year and all , you always find people who clearly graduated like 10years before that . Why don't people know when they graduated ? 
By how did you recieve the wedgies , when you are clearly not a wearer of the underpants ? 
No one rofl's in real life ! :P 
I haven't posted anything on FB in a LONG time !! Since January 26 ... Oh .. Wait . That was literally last week . Now I feel stupid . :P 
Tata is always right . If Tata says the world is flat , you say OK ! 
I think < PROPFEMALE > is on PBS right now . And I'm missing it ? Not today ! :P 
I think I'm gonna get my hair cut . Not all off . Just most of it . 
Why is it when my bro is inviting people I get yelled at when the house is dirty ? The books and mess all around the house are his things !! This is stupid . I'm not even gonna be home tonight !! 
< PROPMALE > bruised me . Allysa(is that her name ? ) will never be my friend . I was accused of being a drunk ... Just your average night at the Bees . 
Got my hair cut . Don't hate me . It's short . But that's ok . It'll grow back . 
Sadly running out of ideas for baking . I need your creative juices . At the moment I know I wanna make something else , I just don't know what . 
Am I really that popular that I need a calendar ? I love my calendar , but sadly I'll have to squeeze you in . It's the burden I must < PROPFEMALE > . 
Learned today that bubble wrap is like catnip for humans . 
Kids have better toys than we did when we were little . I'm jealous ! I want a ' < PROPFIRST > Jump Up'!! :P 
I made my < PROPMALE > -n-cheese again tonight . I had a bunch of elbow < PROPMALE > aroni still to use . But < PROPFIRST > Antolik Polomsky and < PROPMALE > came over tonight so I made them some . But instead of boring < PROPMALE > I added red and orange peppers with some sausage , too . Next time ... a stronger cheese ! But YUM !!! :D 
You know it's getting warmer out when the ' ladybugs ' start showing up all over the house again . 
I hear my dog whimpering . I look for her all over . I'm even checking closets , just in case . You know where I find her ? In the shower ! She jumped in and couldn't find her way out . Ha Ha . Silly dog . 
I'm sick of driving a gas guzzler ! 
I just want leftover rice . But to get to it I have to go through 3 layers of leftovers . Of course , my rice is on the bottom ! Who in their right mind combines leftovers together ? They should stay in their own container . ' Where should I put these leftovers ? ' ' Oh , just put them on top of yesterdays . ' I think my rice has been eaten and now I just have a plate of mystery food . Mmmm .. Mystery food .... 
Saw ' < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ' . Now I wanna read the book . Both of them . Even though I'll probably not understand 1800's humor/literature . 
Going to Kalahari tomorrow !! I've never been there so I'm excited ! WOOT WOOT ! :D 
Kalahari was awesome ! :D I had a great time . I did try the surfing . Good lord . Let's not talk about that . lol . Tried practically everything ! And I even got to have a drink in the hot tub/bar . That was cool ! :D 
I'm excited that you're excited about the stupid things that I get excited about . lol . Oh , Gabby Dawson . lol . 
At this moment I have 365 friends on Facebook . One for every day of the year . This is gonna be the best year ever ! :D 
Gonna go shopping to look old . Only a few have this expertise . :P 
Got some house-cleaning today . Also need to find a great hat ! And work later . The hat is at the top of the list . :P 
I love thunderstorms !! But I still get scared when lightening strikes and my house shakes ... You can find me under my bed . 
All I have to say is : when I wake up we better have water !! 
Yesterday was garbage . I miss my Tata . 
My hair is coming back ! It's still short , but at times I can't tell where my sideburns should start/end . 
Memorial night !! :D 
So I find myself addicted to Facebook , like most of us late night commenters are . So for the month of April I'll be conducting an experiment on myself . I'm gonna stay away from Facebook for the entire month . No more notification emails . No random checking to see who commented on what . But no worries . I won't be deleting my FB . I'll just be on hiatus . So have a good month ! See you all when I get back on May 1st . 
It's been 30 days since I was here last . Oh , how I've missed you all . I just hope that the feeling is mutual . Staying away for the month wasn't as hard to do as I thought it would be . I might do this again sometime . Just not yet . But give me some time , I plan on reading every comment . I apologize in advance if I don't comment back . 
BAM ! 
is a fan of screening calls from < PROPFIRST > that aren't in my phone . 
Had French Toast this morning !! Oh how I've missed this . :P 
Finished reading my book . Any ideas for a second one ? 
Pierogis for dinner . I made them ! Me ! But if they turn out bad I don't care . I'll be eating them anyway . ... Even if it's by myself . :P 
Pumped for my roadtrip ! NC here we come ... in 3 days !! WOOT ! Bought walkie talkies for the car ride . * Breaker breaker 19257893425 . We're in the car . Over . * 
Skipped service this morning to do my Bible reading . And I'm quite happy with my decision . Don't worry , I'm going out this afternoon . 
What are the chances of running into someone you know from High School in North < PROPFEMALE > ? At a Walmart ?? I don't know the number it happened . 
is making a Strawberries and Cream Cobbler . Sadly , didn't notice the yeild serves 4 . I need more than that . But it still sounds good . 
I love my nephew ! I got to babysit him for my sister tonight . He's a little chub-ball of happy ! ... Take that < PROPMALE > Starkey ! 
Quick . When downloading stuff from Watchtower what format do I choose ? Mp3 or AAC . 
I downloaded all the new music from Watchtower . I can't do anything with that though because now my computer says it has no room ! Stupid thing . 
Feeling much better today . Last night didn't go well for me . But I still had a good time overall . :P 
... 
Wow . I'm just sitting here and I got real dizzy . For a second the room was moving . ... Until then I was having a good morning . :P ... wait . Still am !!! :D 
Tomorrow will be 73 degrees with a slight < PROPMALE > of rain in the evening . 5 seconds from now will be awesome with a slight < PROPMALE > of the best day of my life ! YO ! 
My dad put a password on the computer and forgot what it was . This is the second time he's done that . I don't think he should ever be allowed to think that they are a good idea . 
Oh percocet , oh percocet , I take you when I'm hurting .. You stop my pain , make me insane , and make me talk like a crazy ! ( < PROPFIRST > Schilling ) 
Got my official Panera name badge ! Now I'm an official Panera manager ! ... For the second time ! Let's hope this time around is better . At least < PROPFIRST > Wonder isn't there . And < PROPMALE > Starkey is leaving soon . Just kidding you guys . ... But seriously . :P 
< PROPFIRST > made ribs for dinner tonight . They tasted like raw fish . When I asked him about it he said ' Yeah , I don't think the meat was good . So I just covered it with alot of BBQ sauce . ' It didn't make me feel any better about eating it . Didn't stop me from trying it though ! 
Got sunburnt last Monday . Then burned the burn on Saturday . ... I don't hurt at all ! And no that is not sarcasm . 
needs a great Karaoke song ! 
Finished reading my book last night !! Between a Rock and a Hard Place . Would definitely read it again . Good thing I own it . :P 
The convention this weekend was great ! Wrote ( so sleepy ) and ( distracted ) in my notes in places where it applied . So later it'll explain why I have 1 or 2 lines for a speakers part . :P 
Aaron : \Where you at ? \ " Dad : \ " You home ? \ " ... Is it really that difficult to answer the question ? Instead it was decidedly better to ask me ? Ugh . " 
You know when you're looking at baby pictures and you come across a picture that the baby is just so cute you can't help but smile and laugh ? Is it wrong that I can't stop smiling at MY baby picture ? I was just so darn cute ! :P 
You don't know what you have until it's gone . 
Pumped for C4 !! Who's with me ? :P 
I'm scared of < PROPMALE > . But I have to go . ... Anyone wanna come and protect me ? ... Seriously . 
!!!!!! 
My District Manager came in today . He asked me if I was smiling when talking to customers . I said ' of course!' and then he told me that I was the Panera version of < PROPFIRST > Bieber . Not so sure what it meant , but I guess it was supposed to be funny . I just don't get it . 
Will be watching a friends house this week . If you are also watching a friends house this week let me know . * wink wink * 
Sitting here using stolen WiFi while my friends cat keeps clawing at my feet and the dog is never done being starved for affection . So far Day 1 of Housesitting is going well . :P 
Day 2 of housesitting : Today went well . Sadly , my alarm never went off so I had to go to afternoon meeting . Then I miscalculated how long it would take to get there and I was late anyway ( only be 5min ) . Hopefully this cat will stop gnawing on me . I have cuts all over me . We'll see how tomorrow goes . 
learned that stolen WiFi isn't the most reliable ... 
Saw someones last name at the library that sounds like mine . Andzelik . :P 
Put < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > McElrath 90s mix on my iPod . Took a little effort but got all the song titles . Now just working on a CD cover for it . 
If anyone has any information that will help me get past a Firewall that would be great . It's been about 3hours and my download is only at 2% . I've been all over the place researching explanations and there are none . The reason I'm given is ' Your computer appears to be behind a firewall ' . If it seriously takes 85hours to finish I'm going to through my computer out into the neighbors field while he is plowing . UGH ! 
Dear < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . You're garbage ! Love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Cream of Wheat does not like me as much as I like it . 
Blizzard sent me an email telling me how to fix my computer troubles . It was too long to read . So I just deleted the failed patch and it let me download the new one . I don't know why it took me so long to think of something so simple ! 
I was gonna do dishes but the dishwasher is full of dirty dishes already . .. Guess I'll wait for one load to finish before I do the next . :P 
\What's an elk ? \ " \ " It's like a small rodent . \"" 
Rode the 4-wheeler around today ! I loved every minute of it ... until I fell off . But overall I still enjoyed myself . 
It is literally impossible to put my right shoe on before my left . 
I started a download on the 17th . Finally hit 99% just before I left for work . I get home to find out we lost power in the storm . Are you kidding ?? Thankfully it didn't have to start over but it still has some more to go . :( 
3rd download ? This will never end !! 
4th ??? SERIOUSLY ?? Each taking forever ! 
Went to BODIES ... The Exhibition and it was awesome ! Then after ate at Zoup ! What a good afternoon ! 
I need another awesome profile pic . I haven't changed it in a long time . Which is good and boring wrapped up into one . So please find me another great pic of me !!! 
Went to Melt Bar and Grilled . First time and it was awesome ! Got the Big Popper ! Mmm ... Also got the Pumpkin Spice Martini . Not enough pumpkin , but perfect amount of vodka . 
I don't have a voice . Yesterday was raspy . Today nothing . I'm practically a loud whisper ! lol . 
MY VOICE IS ALMOST HERE !!! Oh , how the world has missed you ! 
Had a productive morning . Washed all my meeting shirts and changed 4 light bulbs ! What a good start . :P 
Recent fan of Family Video ! Just got a five night rental for . 53cents ! Can't beat that ! 
I'm getting my suit tailored today by < PROPFEMALE > Bauer . How exciting ! Maybe it'll fit me this time . 
Great Wedding !!! Go Truitts !! 
Today started off well . Woke up early ( 8:30 ) Went to the bathroom to do my ' morning business ' . That's when it went downhill . Just found out we have no water . Gonna be a ' crappy ' day ! :P 
I bought Smirnoff Espresso Vodka and Baileys < PROPFEMALE > . Mix that and Pumpkin Pie Spice flavored syrup ! Mmmm . In for a good evening . Scratch that ! GREAT evening !! 
Oh baby , you taste like a loose change . Ugh . Pennies . 
Do people really have nothing else to do instead of trying to steal my Blizzard account info ? I was just on ' lock down ' because of account security . It's a video game . Seriously ? What do you get out of it ? 
Did some ' winter cleaning ' . Removed some friends from my list . Went from 450 to 340 . Congrats to those who made the cut . To those who didn't: It's not that we aren't friends . But we haven't been in contact for so long because our lives took us in different directions . No , I don't hate you . It's Facebook . Don't take it so seriously . 
\I know how you feel . No 
We just got Netflix on the Wii ! I'm so excited to stay home and watch some movies this winter ! 
Finished reading The History of Love last night . It was ok . Alot going on . The ending kinda left me hanging . But when I think about it it was still a good way to end it . ... Any suggestions for a new book ?? 
My dad is listening to people playing the violin , poorly I might add , in order to see how he compares . ... Someone shoot me now ! 
Already downloading . How exciting !! 
Dad : \I want you to bathe your dog today . That means giving her a bath . \"" 
I am so pumped for the Assembly this weekend . My suit is already put together and my books and notepad are already on the table . ... Now I just need to finish learning the new songs and we're good ! 
If anyone can think of some places to eat after the Assembly . Text me becuase I will not be checking FB this weekend . So busy ! :P 
My profile shows that I'm single again . ... For the record , I've always been single ! :P 
I got my first car ! 2011 Chevy Cruze . I finally have a vehicle I can drive out in service . ... And YES I'm still keeping my truck . 
Awesome day in service !! Who would've thunk that people would be home this morning and willing to talk about Christmas ?! :P 
Total sickie today . Why can't I throw up when my body CLEARLY needs to ?! 
Feeling better today ! Eating toast helped . Thanks for your ' get well ' wishes . :P 
My dad and I took a walk in the woods . Great day to do it ! Didn't see any life other than < PROPFEMALE > running all over the place . 
Good day in my book . ... GO TODAY ! 
Just ordered The Never Ending Story as the next book I plan on reading . Loved the movie growing up , so why not read the book ? I haven't read a book that was made into a movie so this is going to be interesting . ( But I have read a book that was made into a movie AFTER I read it . ) :P 
Watched a terrible movie last night . The Island of Doctor Moreau . I don't know if it's because it's old and poorly directed . But waste of a good hour and a half of sleep . 
I want to go get a haircut . But it's cold outside ... 
Got my haircut . The elements couldn't keep me in . Even though I wanted them to . :P 
Thank you , Netflix ! I love that I am reunited with TV shows I used to watch like Roswell tv and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Adventures . Oh the memories ! 
Grilled Cheese , you're a hot mess . :P 
Friday : Gave dog a bath . Took collar off . Saturday : Dog goes missing at 3:30 pm . Find out she's at the Medina County Animal Shelter at 8:45 pm . Sunday : Shelter closed . Monday : Find out they are still closed because of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > day . ... I JUST WANT MY DOG BACK !!! They are only open 10-4 and I work tomorrow 8-4 . GAH !! My heart just sank ... 
GOT MY DOG BACK !!!!! Even got her a new tag . :P This is NOT happening again ! 
Paid my first car payment , my 2 credit card bills and still have MORE than I anticipated ! I say , ' good day!' 
I was people-watching at Walmart . One of the BEST places to do that . Then I got to thinking , \What if people were ' people-watching ' me ? \ " I got out of there as fast as humanly possible ! Phew . Dodged a bullet there . " 
I'm very upset ! I sat down to watch another episode of Roswell and now Netflix is telling me that it is unavailable . ... I was just watching it this morning !! UGH ! 
\You thinking what I'm thinking ? \ " \ " Head for the bushes . \"" 
I wanna go to London at the end of June !! Mumford and Sons , Arcade Fire , Beirut , and The Vaccines are all playing together . That show will be EPIC !!! 
AA : \I wanna go to London this spring . \ " AC : \ " Why would you want to go to London ? It's boring and they don't even speak your language ! \ " AA : \ " That's where we get our English from ... \ " AC : \ " They speak English in London ? Isn't that in France ? \ " ... Some people just aren't smart . LOL . " 
Had an awesome time last night . Sadly I had to get up this morning . ... I just wanna sleep !! 
How my dad sits in a dark and cold house all day still puzzles me . I walk in the door and immediately throw on 7 layers of clothes . Brr ... 
I don't care what kind of day I'm having , every time I hear Kids by MGMT I just wanna jump around . It's really the only way to handle it . :P 
Today my car was on TV . I felt so important ! 
Who in their right mind gets a tote of hot chocolate at 6:45 am ? Someone who doesn't have to make it themselves ! Fools ! 
Yeah ! Pitchfork ' em ! 
Why can't I log into my Allstate account ? I'm sure I know my correct birth date . Why do you tell me it's wrong . You know what ? You're wrong ! 
Is it weird that I love getting/opening junk mail ? The best part is I get to burn it afterward . Is it weird that I love to burn things ? 
Supposed to leave for meeting in 15min . Problem is my dad and brother are both sleeping ... We're gonna be late ... 
Why can't I find the songs I love without the swearing ? Is it really necessary to use them ? 
I don't like BBC Radio . I LOVE BBC Radio 1 !! 
\I come for the wuggas . But I stay for the jiggy juggas . \ " Jugga Jiggy Wugga . " 
A customer came in today with a Blizzard Authenticator . I felt so dorky but I asked and he's a WoW'r . :P 
On my way home from work yesterday I saw a car in the ditch . I stopped to see if he needed anything . Thankfully he was fine . But when I got back in my car I used my OnStar and the dispatcher was able to send help . I now love it and am considering purchasing it after my trial ! 
Here's the short answer : NO ! \ 
Here's the long answer : NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
I just became a fan of iTunes ! I've never saw it as something amazing until yesterday . I love finding new songs and instantly owning them ! I've been sitting here at my computer for about 2 hours just listening to new stuff . Good morning ! 
I'm prepared for service tomorrow . Something that I haven't done since ... last Tuesday ? But it was months before that ! 
Service today was great . No amount of preparation could have prepared me for such a great day ! 
\I blame it on my A.D.D. baby . \ " -Sail ( Awolnation ) " 
Washing the Chevy Cruze today after work . I've washed it a hundred times while the snow was on the ground , but now that it's mud I don't wanna waste my time . Have you seen my driveway ? One big mud glob ! So I'll wash it after work and go out . At least it'll be clean long enough to show off . :P 
Since when is my leftover Chipotle Mexican Grill up for grabs ? You see me eat it and put the rest back in the fridge . That doesn't mean ' I hate this , you eat it ' . Putting food in the fridge means ' I'm putting this here for safe keeping until my belly ready for more ' . ... I want my Chipotle . :( 
< PROPFIRST > Schilling didn't believe that I don't get pulled over . I think I made a believer out of her . And I love Mumford and Sons ' Little Lion Man and little more because of it ! 
Dad : < PROPFIRST > , let your dog in . \ 
Me : Gimme a sec . \ 
Dad : < PROPFIRST > , she's jumping at the door . \ 
Me : I know , hold on . \ 
* Let dog in*\ 
Dad : I know you didn't just let your dog in . She's muddy ! \ 
Me : You're so frustrating ! 
I want it to be warm again so I can go Running ! I miss it . And running inside doesn't give the same rush . Btw . On a side note . I can see the triceps I didn't know were still located in my arm . GO PROGRESS ! 
I need to get in shape so it needs to get warm and I'm still tryin ' to get my swole on . ( Thanks for the heads up < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) 
My dad just asked if he could use my car . I'm kinda leery about it . Not because he could crash it or damage it , but because he said he'll be back at 12:30 pm . ... But that's when I have to leave for work ! He better not make me late today . Or worse , damage my car ! :P 
Any suggestions on a cheap car rental place ? ... Has nothing to do with my previous post . :P 
I'm glad to have friends that care . 
I've had AVG protecting my computer for the last few years but my coverage just ended . My question for Facebook is : What is the best protection for my computer ? 
Guess who just bought SIRIUS XM Radio for the next year ? This guy ! 
Oh , I am what I am . I do what I want . :D 
Ran 2.7 < PROPMALE > this morning in 28 minutes . ... I aim to lower that time by the end of the week ! 
I just ran a 5k ( around the block ) . And according to my new crappy $10 stopwatch from Walmart I did it in 33:19 !! Not too shabby for someone who just started running this past Tuesday ! :D 
I would've informed you earlier if our internet wasn't down ... Ran my 5k yesterday in 31:40 . Down 1:39 since Friday ! Let's lower that more tomorrow shall we ? 
Probably going to show up at the Wadsworth Panera for their grand opening . It's gonna be packed , I know . But I don't care . I just want a free mug ... which < PROPFIRST > tells me I can't have . Psh ! I'm getting one whether he agrees or not ! Who's with me ?? 
Running update : Just ran for 30:44 ! Down another 56 seconds ! The 5k run in May will be a piece of cake if I keep this up . ... Mmm . Cake . ... * snaps out of it * Until then I'll be enjoying the protein from the eggs I got from < PROPFEMALE > Jakubisin . :P 
Had an awesome time last night . Didn't think I'd wake up and go running before meeting . But I did ! Ran the 5k in 30min EXACTLY ! I even took a picture of the stop watch to prove it . That's down another 44sec since Friday . < PROPFIRST > Bly , I'm coming for you . :P 
Just connected our new internet box . After 45min worth of complications , our internet is up and running faster than I thought it would . ... Reminds me of myself . :P 
I love that I can go long periods without listening to country music on the radio and as soon as I turn it on I still know all the songs . They never get new ones I guess . 
