I tell myself Im never drinkng again but I know its a bold-faced lie 

finally a half-way decent day to take boat ride ! 
is single and ready to mingle 
is boating and beer .. now this is summer :-) 
is boating to a party on Money Island ! Happy 4th ! 
one benefit to living alone is I never need to put on clothes :-P 
its finally nice on my day off .. going kayaking !! :-D 
is blueberry picking .. then making some homemade blueberry pie :-) 
doesn't have a working phone bc my Dad is a piece of shit .. send me a fb message if u need to gt ahold of me 
I beleive in being a law-abiding citizen .. i just dont beleive in all the laws 
is in NYC :-D 
likes pissing people off 
\though the course may change sometimes the rivers always reach the sea \"" 
needs a roomate 
neeeds a life plan ASAP 
is sitting on my ass watching tv and getting paid !! :-D 
is painting the new apartment 
first day of classes + moving all my shit into the new apartment = not a fun day for < PROPFEMALE > 
Birthday celebration take 1- BAR night ! 
thanks for all the bday love .. celebration take 3- party at my place ! 
fuck my life 
the grass is always greener on the other side 
needs a cheap car .. anyone selling one that runs ? 
lost my phone :-( 
feels very useless without a phone , car , or computer and is not happy about it at all !! 
almost died on my rainy walk to school this morning 
is at uconn with my girlies 
extreamly fustrated bc I locked my keys in my car and have to wait an hour for AAA and pay them a bunch of money !! :-( 
last night was a shit show , doing it all over again at the Knicks game in NYC ! 
is making homemade pumpkin pie and drinking mimosas .. a nice rainy day :-) 
did I grow a third boob or something ? all of a sudden my phone has been blowing up ! 
just got off work and am pretty drunk 
is not feeling great and can really go for some herbal remedies 
pregaming at my place with my girls then out in new haven for the night !! hit up the cell if u wanna join in the fun ! 
stuffed from my mom's delicious cooking .. relaxing with the fam 
is trying to clean the messy disaster from wednesday night before my roomates come home and kill me 
is wayy too hungover for a wednesday :-/ 
helping < PROPFEMALE > prepare for Mexico by eating tacos and drinking Margaritas :-) 
damn my procrastination ! sooo much work left to do .. very strressed :-( 
going Christmas shopping then getting blitzed on eggnog and lighting up some trees .. I guess the holidays arent all bad 
great night with my girls ... off to nyc 
plans to drink away all the bad memories of 2009 and start 2010 off fresh .. with an empty mind and a killer hangover 
is tearing up the slopes in VT :-) 
traveling again .. NY tonight Miami tmrw then to Mexico and Belize on a cruise !! So Excited :-D 
had a GREAT time on vacation but its nice to finally be home and in my own bed .. goodnight 
finally got my car up and running .. i forgot how much i missed that wonderful little shitbox ! 
is going on a solo hike in the woods to clear my head 
just walked home from downtown New Haven drunk and alone .. happy i made it home safe :) 
is partying it up in NYC tonight !! :-D 
got a new phone .. dont have anyone's < PROPFIRST > :-/ 
is proud to say I have never seen a single episode of the Jersey Shore and never will !! 
my little brother left for basic training today .. i miss him already ! 
with all the money I spent on books I could have gone on another cruise ! :-( 
is sending out resumes all day because I need a job bad ! 
homemade wings , burgers , and salsa , good beer and the superbowl .. sounds like its gonna be a great night :-) 
snow day = my ass on the couch with a bowl of food and bowl grass :-) 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day is for suckers 
is 20lbs heavier than Id like to be . So I like to eat .. why must my body punish me for it ? 
My phone isnt working at the moment . Send me a fb message if u need to get ahold of me 
cell phone is temporarily out of service :-( contact me through fb 
still no phone .. sorry if your texting me .. im not ignoring you .. send me a fb mess . 
is not gonna get a little rain stop me from celebrating my favorite day of the year .. parade time !! 
of course I have to get sick now that Im on spring break . :-( 
fuck being sick , Im going out with my girls in New Haven anyway ! where is the question ? 
woke up with an empty bottle of vodka next to my bed , a burn hole in my comforter and multiple voicemails telling me to go fuck myself .. sounds like a good night :-/ 
I have a feeling its gonna be another crazy night out with my girls .. what kind of adventures will we get into tonight ? only time will tell :-P 
has lots of work to do but cant seem to motivate myself to get it done :-/ 
about 10 people came up to me last night who knew me by name who I didnt recognize at all ! maybe I should stop drinking so much or at least stop going to the same places when I do :-/ 
another night out in the have 
I dont beleive in this whole reserection crap but I can never turn down a good meal .. off to see the fam 
really needs to delete a bunch of these creepy facebook stalkers that I never actually met before 
went on a diesel hike and now im laying in the sun before class ... great day :) 
day 4 of workout plan .. it hurts to walk but besides that im feeling great ! 
Stamford for the night with my sexy chicas !! 
ahh my computer is not letting me uploads pics unless its one at a time and its really pissing me off ! 
This is my life imma do what I do , If you dont like it I dont care fuck you ! 
road tripping down to south < PROPFEMALE > to see my little brother graduate from basic training 
is spending my next two days at Fort < PROPMALE > 
on the long journey back home . I want to start pounding beers but i dont want to have to stop and pee more frequently .. what a dilema 
kickball game at East Rock park :-) 
excited to spend my favorite holiday with my two best friends < PROPFEMALE > Moore and < PROPFEMALE > and continue our tradition of a taco picnic at the top of East Rock :-) 
Dear Liver , I appologize in advance for what I am going to put you through this weekend but please dont fail me because Im gonna need you to work overtime . New Haven tonight , then Uconn spring weekend fri and sat !! 
had a great weekend/ 5 day binge drinking fest .. now I gotta get back to buisness 
I dont mind serving jury duty but I do mind waking up at 6:30 am to do it .. hoping I at least get an interesting trial 
sunday funday .. kickball and flip cup all day .. gotta love it ! :-D 
cinco de mayo is just another excuse to get drunk mid-week . But hey I'll take it ! Hitting up happy hour .. who knows where the night will take me after a couple margaritas 
party bus to NYC !! its gonna be a wild night :-) 
brunch with my momma then kickball and post kickball drinking activities .. running on 3 hours of sleep .. should be interesting .. and starting my drinking early since my mom made screwdrivers 
just finished an exam Ive been working on for over 10 hours so you bet your ass im drinking tonight as soon as my day is over ! 
is debating whether I should take a nap or go out for happy hour 
boat ride --> kickball --> < PROPFEMALE > liffys ... what a wonderful sunday !! :-D 
kickball two days in a row .. how exciting ! gotta practice for my f . u . c . kers 
work , work , and more work .. damn my procrastination ! : - < 
I am tring to get work done in the computer lab and this fucking baby wont stop yelling . I love kids but they have no place here .. get it out before I throw you out !!!! 
is finishing my last exam then Taste of The Nation tonight at Yale Commons .. come by to help end world hunger ! 
is getting paid to sit on my ass watch the office and eat my thai food i got delivered .. not a bad night 
another sunday filled with kickball and flip cup :-) im gonna try not to black out at the bar this time tho 
is baking in the sun 
is hungover but powering through for b.o.m.b. fest !! i also have an extra ticket so hit me up if u plan on going and need one 
is laying out at soundview .. i might not be able to consider myself white for much longer . love it :) 
had a fantastic weekend .. now i really gotta get to sleep cause its back to real life tmrw . 8am class .. urg :-/ 
comcast better get here soon cause im sick of this < PROPFEMALE > phone screen being my sole source of internet . and hopefully a sketchy comcast dude doesnt ask me out this time ! 
is covered in mud and a little dissapointed noone wanted to dance with me ! 
is up in the air with my favorite pilot :) 
is exhausted from waking up at 3:30 am to drive < PROPFIRST > Smith to the airport . And a little sad cause im kinda gonna miss him 
is bored in class learning about the dangers of alcohol and wishing i was out grabbing a drink with my girls 
a well deserved night out with my girls since Ive been working really hard all week ! 
is making some $$ . hoping to be out in time to go camping on Selden's Island with my crew ! 
is putting my wingwoman skills to the test tonight .. out in new haven with my ladies :-) 
ahh crazy night . would like to get some sleep but people are still partying in my living room . oh boy 
is still pissed I got kicked outta the bar because some bitch kept throwing ice at me and i decided to be the bigger person and not beat her ass and do absolutely nothing and I still get kicked out of the bar !? Shows how much taking the high road does .. stopping real low next time .. bitch better watch her back ! 
Kickball playoffs ! Im hoping for a shut-out ! 
just finished my night class and pretty sure I aced it ! Now 2 more weeks of spanish is the only thing standing in between me and a college degree ! 
loves a close game ! 
All of my girls that never made it out last night better come out tonight .. that includes you < PROPFEMALE > Spignesi , Aminata Bah , < PROPFEMALE > ? Hudson , and Shreena Patel ! 
Happy Hour !! cells good if u wanna join in the fun 
tried to climb the dinosaur at the peobody mesuem but it was a fail :( going back with a ladder immediatly .. it is my new life's goal 
New York City <3 
is stumbling around nyc trying to find a liquor store .. o geez .. tonight has disaster written all over it ! 
is heading home from nyc for a fathers day brunch .. then winning the championship game in kickball ! while running on 3 hours of sleep .. ahh 
wow guy next to me on the train is reading the bible and chugging vodka out of a waterbottle ! 
Congrats to my f . u . c . k . ers for being New Haven kickball champs and having an undefeated season !! :-D 
is selling italian ices in front of the yale new haven hospital .. if ur in the area come visit me ! I feel like the guy in the wackness except his product is wayy better than mine . lol 
needs a recomendation for a good book to read . 
is so over New Haven ! partying in Stamford tonight !! 
Ive been waiting 3 weeks for today .. cant wait until later !! :-) 
is standing outside in the poring rain not selling any italian ices . fml ! 
just finished my last spanish exam .. now officially done with college !! :-D Getting a mani pedi to celebrate then Live at 5 in Stamford tonight !! 
boating , drinking , and relaxing in Long Island for the weekend 
had a great weekend .. on my way home and completely wiped out . Gotta head back to the airport tmrw to drop off my man :( 
is hot as fuck ! 
hates packing/moving !! : - < 
so many things to do tonight .. NYC , Mohegan , Terminal 110 , or < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > .. hows a girl to choose ? 
holy hangover ! 
sailfest !! 
spending the day out on the water :) 
had a great day out on the boat .. finally relaxing after 6 straight days of partying and waiting for Entourage to start <3 
kickball game then out for a few beers . place tbd 
loves gettin free drinks but they are dangerous :-p 
has Block Island fever .. needs to plan a trip asap ! whos with me ? 
is napping outside in the sun .. naked ;-) adios tan lines ! 
got pulled over TWICE in the past 2 < PROPFEMALE > . since i have a suspended liscence for unpaid parking tickets i am stranded on the side of the road . and i now have two more tickets added onto my tab . fml !! 
is babysitting .. sad im missing all the fun things going on tonight but happy im making some money 
misquamacit for the day :) 
Bartender \I can't accept your expired id 
got a real job today and going on a boat ride to soundview .. id say today has been a success :) 
is at Hamonasset with < PROPFEMALE > Hudson and Aminata Bah .. need to get in a few more days of laziness and relaxation before I start real life . 
is going to see Inception .. gotta see what all the hype is about 
is going to the DMV to get a non drivers ID so I can get my drink on everyday this week and weekend 
stamford for the night with some of my favorite people ! 
is chilling at the court house with the criminals 
Happy 20th Birthday to my little brother < PROPFIRST > Kravet ! I miss you and I wish you were home with us ! < PROPFEMALE > in there and I cant wait to see you in a couple months ! <3 
is going blueberry picking and wine tasting at Bishop's Orchard today .. hit me up if u wanna join me 
why is it that basically eveyone I know's birthday has been in the past week ? Everyone's parents must have been humping like crazy in October 
is in Block Island until Sunday !!! 
is loving block island and never wants to go home ! 
real life officially begins .. first day on the new job 
can't wait for Alive at 5 tonight with my favorites !! 
firrst week of work sucessfully completed & finally got my liscence re-instated .. I am now a fully functional working adult :-) 
has a case of the Mondays :-( 
tgif 
ahh woke up at 5am to drive to the airport now im stuck in traffic and exhausted and have to work a full day .. and to top off my misery its monday :-/ 
finally home after a longg day .. lying in bed catching up on my sunday night shows .. not moving for the rest of the night ! :) 
SBC tonight with my ladies :) 
is taking a bike ride to < PROPMALE > Oysterfest :) 
is a hurricane 
just because your boyfriend ( or some amateur photographer that you have pay ) takes slutty pictures of you does NOT make you a model ! 
NYC with my man :) 
congrats to my cousin < PROPFIRST > who is now a married woman ! now on the long journey back home 
Happy Birthday to my amazing and beautiful mother < PROPFEMALE > Kolb !! <3 U 
SBC tonight < PROPFEMALE > Trupin , Shreena Patel , < PROPFEMALE > Hudson , Aminata Bah , < PROPFEMALE > Ouellette , Karlee Hackett ?? I miss you girls !! 
is < PROPFEMALE > excited that my brother < PROPFIRST > Kravet is coming home tomorrow !! :-D 
mmm pumpkin beer .. my favorite thing about the start of fall :) 
raspberry mojitos , lobster , and a boat ride .. sounds like a good sunday to me :) 
is gearing up for a serious kickball game 
never lost a game of kickball in the new haven league in the past two seasons ... pretty fucking stoked !! :-) 
needs to think of some sweet plans to celebrate my upcoming birthday .. ideas ? 
is excited for the always < PROPFEMALE > premier !! 
is high rolling at Foxwoods tonight !! 
is on my way to achieving my kickball goal of two undefeated seasons .. go Ballstards !! 
hates all these CT politicians ! They should take all that money they spend on ads trashing each other and actually do some good for this state !! 
is watching a gay Next on the spanish channel .. very entertaining 
ehh why is this week going by < PROPFEMALE > slow ?! :-( 
i decided my new dream job is a judge on a cooking show .. yumm ! 
really thinks my birthday should count as a paid holiday !! 
thanks everyone for the bday love ! Dinner with my man tonight , then out with some sexy ladies , Yale football/ tailgate party on Saturday and kickball on Sunday ! should be a good weekend ! :-D 
happy about our inglorious win in kickball and flip cup and even more excited I finally got some action in the field ! :-) 
had to record the debate because my dinner took a long time to cook . Catching up on my politics hoping one of these candidates can sway me .. 
is spending a week's paycheck to fix my POS car ! Not too happy about that .. would rather spend the money shopping or on a vacation ! 
going to HighRollers Foxwoods tonight to party with < PROPFIRST > Kardashian and some other sexy ladies !! Can't Wait !! :-D 
killer headache ! Maybe I shouldnt have taken consecutive shots of vodka after already going through two bottles , buy hey I wasn't about to let a $300 bottle of vodka go to waste ! 
really wishes I had the day off today !! 
wants to get freaky with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ;-P 
its a beautiful fall Saturday and Im stuck inside working ! :-( 
hates everyone right now ! : - < 
humm I still don't know who to vote for . I've always sided with the democrats on the social issues , but I'm not a huge fan of large government and higher taxes . I just wish these candidates would focus their campaigns on how they will improve our state and not what a terrible , lying , stealing , opportunist their opponent is ! I'm becoming very disenchanted with politics in general . 
<3 ' s < PROPFEMALE > K's! 
just spent $100 to get my hair done and Im not really feeling it :-( 
is NYC bound for Halloween weekend ! so excited ! :-) 
might be too old to party in nyc until 4am .. but im doing it again tonight . oh boy 
on my way back to ct for the kickball playoffs . Gonna need a keg full of coffee for this game ! But i will power through .. i want this win real bad ! 
ahh I really dont wanna get out of bed and go to work today ! I left my credit card at < PROPFEMALE > Liffys last night and prob shouldnt have driven home . :-/ But I had a great weekend in nyc and happy the Ballstards pulled out a win ! 
is debating taking a nap in the backseat of my car or under my desk ( grandma's boy style ) on my lunch break in order to restore my energy level 
thank god this day is over ! Sushi with my momma then straight to bed ! 
is up early so I can go vote before work ! 
is cooking up lots of brownies , cupcakes , and jello shots ! 
thanks to all my awseome friends for coming out last night making it such a fun time ! <3 u all ! 
kickball final four .. come on down and support the Ballstards .. Im bringing a keg ! I want that #1 spot so bad I can taste it ! 
my whole body is sore .. between drunken falling , kickball , and football it hurts to move ! 
Happy Veterans Day to everyone who has served our country and wising the best to everyone who is currently serving , including my little brother < PROPFIRST > Kravet and friend < PROPMALE > Garthwaite . 
< PROPFEMALE > Liffeys tonight for some acoustic guitar , beers , and good friends ! 
Ive been watching the Spanish channel for an hour and just realized it . lol 
not having a phone prompted me to take a solo bike ride on the beach .. it was actually kinda nice . But now my ass and legs are very sore :-/ 
getting ready to go to the Liff to party with my kickball peeps ! I expect another out of control evening ! 
is heading to a confrence in Hartford .. and Im excited to get out of the office for a day ! 
is going to see Due Date .. lets hope it doesn't suck 
just stocked up on $100 worth of Four Loko and Joose . Fuck you FDA !! 
is trying to muster up the energy to go out .. four loko and < PROPFIRST > Z just might do the trick .. 
I hate all of you who are bragging about your short weeks ! Not only do I have to work a full day today and tmrw but my boss thinks its fair to make us come in on Sunday because we are getting thurs and fri off . : - < fml !! 
is going to shoot some guns then off to the Omni to pregame with my girls then party hardy in New Haven ! <3 
great night with my ladies ! Now I hoping I can get some more sleep because I promised my mom Id try to be alive at our Thanksgiving table for once this year .. 
spent more money today than I made all week ! Fuck you Black Friday ! 
5 year high school reunion .. to go or not to go , that is the question ? 
has to work on this sunday and my car wont start .. fml ! 
is spending the rest of the work day babysitting for my boss's kid instead of being in the office .. score ! :-) 
these Californication teasers are killing me .. I need < PROPMALE > Moody back in my life asap !! 
? Single ? In a Relationship ? No longer give a shit 
needs a vacation ! 
its sunday , im at work and running off 3 hours of sleep . not a happy camper right now ! :-( 
Bridge to Terabithia is the saddest children's movie ever ! Bawling my eyes out right now ! 
is buying a bunch of lift tickets to Bromley because they are cheaper if you get them before tmrw . So if you plan on taking VT trips with me this winter let me know or buy your own tickets .. because I will basically be living there this winter ! ( well on the weekends ) 
SBC tonight with my crew ! <3 
is VT bound . hitting the slopes at Killington all weekend ! So excited ! :) 
my body is too sore for another full day of skiing :-/ Off to the Longtrail Brewery instead . 
really wishes a scheduled nap time extended past kindergarden ! 
is going to get a much needed hour long full body massage ! :-) 
company holiday party tonight . Debating if I should take advantage of the open bar and get embarrassingly drunk in front of my co-workers . Who am I kidding .. we all know its gonna happen ! :-P 
New Haven SantaCon 2010 then NYC tonight with my ladies ! :-) 
finishing my Christmas shopping then family holiday in Stamford . Excited becuase I get to see my brother < PROPFIRST > Kravet !! :-D 
prime 16 happy hour with my brother and amigos ! <3 
why the fuck am I working right now ?? < PROPFEMALE > coffee should make this day go by a little faster ;-) 
Trying to figure out how to use my new iPhone right now 
Is VT bound with the fam 
Looks like I'm snowed in and stuck in Vermont for an extra day ... What a shame :-p 
The roads are too bad for me to drive home and it's too < PROPFEMALE > for me to go skiing .. This officially sucks ! :-( 
Is attempting to make the drive back home . Hopefully me and my car make it there in one piece 
My attempt to drive home was an epic fail ! I could have predicted that one . My car is now on the side of the road burried in about 6 feet of snow . :-( 
Cooking , cleaning , and shoveling ... What a fun night 
Dinner party with my ladies <3 
too much sangria last night = killer headache this morning ! But totally worth it ! 
going to get my nails done because Im sick of being at work right now ! :-p 
done with work for the year and ready to party !! Happy New Years everyone !! I have a feeling 2011 is gonna kick-ass ! :-D 
is happy its happy hour !! :-) drinks in Westbrook now then possibly SBC tonight .. 
anyone know where I can buy a pair of ski pants for under $100 ? 
is excited for BAR tonight with my ladies !! Im hoping all the deuchbags will stay at home to watch the Jersey Shore ! 
Am I the only person on the planet who has NEVER seen a single episode of the Jersey Shore ?? Im totally ok with that . 
where is this so-called snow ? not a drop where I am ! 
Is heading back to Vermont so I can spend the weekend on the slopes :-) 
Cooking dinner for the family then catching up on Californication :) 
would really like to take a snow day tomorrow !! 
going to celebrate with my PE with some sushi and scorpion bowls ! :-) 
is not happy Im working today ! : - < 
Things I learned from Dr. < PROPFEMALE>'s Sex Quiz App on my iphone :\ 
1 . Having sex once a week can lower a man's risk of diabetes by 40%\ 
2 . The word scumbag was derived from a used condom\ 
3 . Women with breast implants are more likely to commit suicide\ 
4 . More Americans loose their virginity in June than any other month\ 
5 . 1 in 18 Americans have an extra breast nipple 
NYC for the night 
Putting on a cockail dress and supporting the kids . At Hartford Holiday < PROPFEMALE > 
If anyone is interested in going to Vermont with me this weekend hit me up ! 
SBC with my favs for my lover < PROPFEMALE > Hudson's birthday ! 
Cooking dinner for < PROPFEMALE > tonight and hanging out with some wine and good tv :) 
I love having a house in VT !! Back to the mountain I go ! :-) 
I need a vacation bad ! Preferably somewhere warm where I can work on my tan and drink fruity cocktails all day and not have to worry about working ! 
Wow I finally get to leave work early !! Going home and being lazy . 
I get that it snowed alot last night . I dug my own car out of the snow this morning and drove on the snowy roads . I dont need to see your pics to prove it to me ! 
debating about moving down to Miami ( or < PROPFEMALE > perhaps ) for the rest of the winter . Im so over this snow ! Who's coming with me ? 
had a very unpleasant drive to work this morning . If I have to hear about one more person's day off Im gonna scream ! 
a much needed night out tonight ! I havent gotten drunk or crazy in a while and I plan on changing that tonight . should be interesting ;-) 
after my 1 1/2 hour commute in traffic I finally made it into work :-( 
Everybody dies but not everybody lives 
Is so happy I'm leaving work before it's pitch black out .. Its been a while ! 
VT bound with < PROPFEMALE > Dickey and < PROPFIRST > Smith . Excited to shred the slopes once again !! 
Sushi and scorpion bowls with my < PROPFIRST > :) 
headed to NYC for the Knicks game tonight !! :-) 
loading up on Emergen-C because I'm in no mood to get sick and I feel that sneaky bastard of a cold creeping up on me :-( 
excited for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > & Parliment Funkadelic at Toads tonight !! 
wishin I was outside enjoying the warmth and sunshine and not cooped up in my office all day ! :-( 
Making homemade guacamole , tacos , nachos , and margaritas . It's a full blown fiesta in here ! 
I hate everyone who has the day off today !! 
My ability to get out of tickets just might be my favorite thing about being a girl ;-) 
I have been a Knicks fan since I was 5 years old . I have stood by my team through the good times and the not so good . For everyone who has been embarrassed to be a Knicks fan before or those of you just jumping on the bandwagon now because you think its cool .. screw you .. we don't want your fake bullshit support just because you wanna support a team you know is gonna win !! 
Margaritas with my ladies ! :-) \ 
ps . Go Knicks !! 
How the hell did I run up a $50 bar tab last night while drinking $2 shots ?? 
apartment hunting like crazy because I refuse to pay rent to live with my parents ! Isnt the point of living at home to save money ?? wtf mom ? oh well .. 6 months was way to long to be back home anyway .. back to new haven it is ! 
TGIF ! 
Saw 2 amazing apartments in new haven , did a little shopping , and Foxwoods tonight ! I'd say today had been a success :) 
This place is a proctologist's dream ... Wall to wall assholes ! 
I am already over this week ! :-/ I want it to be the weekend already because my man comes home and its the new haven st. < PROPFEMALE>'s parade ! 
Its official .. moving to an awesome apartment in New Haven with < PROPFEMALE > Hudson and Jenn < PROPFEMALE > .. cant wait until April 1st .. its gonna casa de loco !!! 
pub crawl with the kickball crew tonight ! 
So not in the mood to drive to the airport right now but happy that my man is coming home ! :-) 
Oh how I love parade day .. Getting my drink on like the < PROPFEMALE > folk do !! :-) 
no amount of coffee is going to make this day tolerable ! :-/ 
just got my passport in the mail .. Im ready to travel the world ! Now who wants to lend me 10 grand ? lol 
Heading to Bills for some St. < PROPFEMALE>'s day beers with some good people :) 
I am loving the plethora of young male cops in < PROPFEMALE > who keep letting me off for speeding with a warning ;-) 
Im very unmotivated to get any work done today :-/ 
Boarding for the day then OAR concert at Okemo later :-) 
Moving some stuff into the new apartment :) 
I thought The Office would be finished after < PROPMALE > Carell's departure but with Will Ferrell replacing him I will definitely still be watching ! 
packing my stuff while drinking some beers , bumping some tunes , and dancing with myself 
Walking to Kickball practice .. I love being back in East Rock :-) 
My liver was not prepared for last night .. Today's gonna suck !! :-/ 
Got a cute little hairy black man on top of me who won't stop purring in ecstasy 
Just spent $69 to fill up my tank with gas .. I think that's a personal record for the camry . And all I'm thinking is that's a really cute pair if shoes I now can't buy ! :-( 
I wish my office break room had a bed in it because I am in serious need of a nap ! 
Buffalo wild wings to watch the Uconn game with < PROPFEMALE > 
