R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Sullivan \The Rev\ " from Avenged Sevenfold and actress < PROPFEMALE > Murphy :( " 

is so ready to get \The Raven\ " fixed :) " 
going to see the movie \The Crazies\ " hope it will be good :) " 
six flags , white water , wild aventures , busch gardens or disney world cant decide ? 
my mom suffered a light stroke Friday morning and is currently being hospitalized . Hopefully she will get through this with no more problems . All prayers are certainly appreciated :) 
For once in my lifetime I wish GOD would bless me with a good man with a good heart that really loves me for me . I dont care anything about looks , money , or material things or anything else that a lot of people these days look for just someone old fashioned that actually believes in marriage and doing right :) 
gotta doctors appt . tomorrow for a frequent skin infection Ive been having . Wish me luck :) 
got some antibiotics and some pain meds ! Hopefully I will recover soon from this crap :) 
la < PROPFEMALE > la la la la < PROPFEMALE > la la la la < PROPFEMALE > la 
got sent home from work until I recover . I pray this will be over soon :) 
had fun with the sand < PROPMALE > and making lanyard keychains :) 
made my own sub sandwich tonight and it was goood :) 
kickin back listening to < PROPFEMALE > in chains :) what a pretty good night so far ! 
ahhhhhhccchhhhuuuuu :) 
is currently safe and secure in her own little world :) goodnite everyone ! 
The next 2 days off yaaaaaayyyyyy :) 
why does it seem like time goes by soooo slow when ur workin but then when u get off work then it wants to fly by so fast ! Its like when u get off then in no time u gotta go back :) 
is about 2 go get a shower , wash and brush my knee length hair and then go to bed 4 the night . Goodnite everyone :) 
Did u know that if u wipe ur computer monitor down ( a regular monitor not a flat screen ) down with water then u will have what looks like rainbow sprinkles on the screen until wiped dry- kind of cool :) 
I just dont know what 2 say right now . A lot goin on I guess :( 
Please keep my older sister < PROPFEMALE > in your prayers ! She found a lump in her breast that is growing really big and got a biopsy done yesterday 2 find out what is goin on . Will know Fri what it is . She is almost 37 ! 
waitin on tomorrow 2 get here-Melissa is going in 2 get a surgical biopsy done cause the needle biopsy didnt show anything due 2 them not getting enough cells or tissue 2 make a diagnoses-anyhow praying this will be benign and not malignant ! 
Fri is the big day when we will finally know what is going on with Melissa-thanks everyone for your prayers and concerns about this-will keep everyone posted as soon as I find out . we are hopin for the best and preparin for the worst ! 
is glad I finally found me a boyfriend :) 
is really worried bout my sister < PROPFEMALE > , praying she is going to be alright :( 
my mommas gotta go back in the hospital- her hemoglobin level dropped way below normal and she has to be admitted again . 
mom is back home right now after a blood transfusion at the hospital :) 
had fun in the swimming pool last night :) My bf was a party pooper though-he doesnt like swimming much :( 
got 2 go get a supposedly abscess drained out of my armpit today :( Wish me luck :) 
needs a drink reeaally baaaaddd ! 
is blah :) 
anyone know any \decent\ " guys that are not controlling and that dont play games let me know :) " 
cant wait 2 move on and get my life 2gether :) On top of that the snake in the house the other day really scared the s**t out of me ! 
whats up with douche bags anyway ? 
Dont use cheap hand soap 2 wash your hands- some of it smells like bug spray once it is dried :( 
wants to put an end 2 suffering 4 good 
please pray 4 my cousin Michelles healing and well being . Cancer has 2 stop eating our family alive so young ! 
think Im gonna go settle in and have a date with Mr. Alcohol , LOL ! 
