Happy News Years everyone 

Going back to Annapolis this afternoon . It has been an enjoyable 12 days . It's been nice having lunch with my mom , aunts , and her friends the last few days . 
I'm in my time frame where I can apply for my next duty station . After talking to a few people at work , I want to stay in the network defense field . CNA was fun at R3d T3am , but I have gained more interest in pursing computer forensics . I may list NCDOC on my application this month , even though I would rather go to San < PROPFIRST > . 
I scheduled to take my Security+ exam on December 15th , now I have to get off my arse and study the Sybex books and course material . 
Sumitomo Tr & Bk paid a dividend 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
The episode of Chopped I recorded on Thursday has the chefs making an appetizer with chicken liver , raspberries and asparagus . I couldn't imagine being forced to cook something that I didn't like , but 10k can be persuading lol . 
My YTD return for 2010 was 11.3% ( according to financial software ) . The worst performing investment of my current holdings is down 13.53% and best is up 84.19% . 
the bizarre question from last night/this morning : \How did you get those scratches on your face ? \ " lol . " 
Judges , are you ready to make your decision ? 
I had lunch at a place in VAB that serves manapua . It was ono . I ain't had any since 2001 . I should see if the commissary sells frozen ones or find an Asian store . 
i filed my taxes friday , w00t $521 refund . normally my refund is in the low $300s . i think my $240 loss on gm stock helped raise it . 
This week I've been doing the Meals on Wheels delivery on base . The elderly woman is in her mid 70s and likes to talk about growing up in Ohio , the time she lived in Washington working at a hospital , and while in < PROPFEMALE > . I normally stay about 30 minutes while she tells stories of her life experiences . The only downfall is finding a parking spot when returning to work . 
Does anyone else have a stock buying addiction ? This month I've invested in 2 REITS , Annaly Capital Management ( NLY ) and American Capital Agency Corp ( AGNC ) . The 3rd REIT I own shares of is CBL Properties ( CBL ) . 
I checked my Chief exam profile sheet the other day . Unfortunately my final multiple wasn't high enough to be selection board eligible . I missed it by a measly 1.14 points , but oh well . I know I need to study more as I can imporve in the descrete math and a couple other sections . 
Yesterday I went to a \Fundamentals of Investing\ " seminar hosted by Government Employees Benefit Association . It was a really good overview of basic principles and new 2010 ROTH conversion laws . One thing I noticed that is sort of related is it was held in a building owned by Corporate Office Property . COPT owns numerous buildings in the area and I am thinking about buying about $2k in shares of stock in them . " 
Today my office had an \enterprise operations consolidation\ " brief . I couldn't help myself but to think of Office Space when the \ " efficiency experts\ " consultants spoke to the Initec employees . " 
picture of a kitten - https://www.360photocontest.com/contest.asp?page=viewInd&secure=on&id=10402&contestId=41 
my suspended registration fine was dismissed and i am taking a pbj for speeding - there wnet $115 d`oh 
i received the 1st half of my bonus today . 30% was taken out for federal taxes . i guess it will go towards obama`s health care reform lmfao 
Over the weekend SyFy was showing disaster movies . Part of Category 6's plot revolved around a failing electrical grid . It made wonder how much of the infrastructure could be improved if more people invested in clean energy companies . It kinda led me to buy some shares of GRID ( NASDAQ Clean Edge Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund ) . 
I wonde what the majority of Hulk Hogan fans think of him being in Rent-A-Center commercials . It makes me think he`s desperate for money and approves of ripping off consumers . 
Last night on WJZ , the anchorman reporting the Iceland volcano story said the ass is being spread around europe instead of ash lmfao . 
Finished the < PROPMALE > Ramsey FPU Seminar today . It's too bad all 12 chapters aren't covered , but I may buy the DVD set to watch later . The < PROPFEMALE > came with a mp3 player with the lessons , but it's not the same as watching . 
Today and tommorow I am attending a Federal Cybersecurity Workshop in McLean , VA . This afternoon traffick was backed up from McLean to the BW Parkway and then again on 50 . Hopefully tommorow I can beat it or go the other way around the beltway . 
Corporate Chefs Inc has the food service contract at MITRE . Their food tastes better and is cheaper than SODEXO . Too bad SODEXO`s contract doesn`t expire sooner lol . 
Happy Tree Hugger Day ! How many tree hugger bags do you have ? I have 10 . 
Saturday I received a sale flyer for Rite . It has a \Red Hot Specials\ " picture next to some Always " 
I mailed Mother's Day gifts and cards this afternoon . 
A few days ago someone at work , I don't remember if it was someone in the office or another Sailor , mentioned buying a house down in < PROPFEMALE > Beach . I signed up to attend the Home Buying Seminar later this month to help me decide . 
Happy Mother's Day Mom , < PROPFIRST > and all the other mothers out there 
what`s worng with dc ? 1st a surcharge on plastic bags and now the dc council wants a tax on plastic bottles 
Last night there were several tv commercials for a new lottery ticket , District of Columbia Black . I may drive down and get one for me and two more for father's day . 
Yesterday I made a guava-banana pie for a bbq . I was really good and I should make it again . 
Today my DivO had her retirement ceremony that completed her 22 years of Naval service . Unfortunately her parents were unable to attend due to her father recently being diagnosed with cancer . \ 
Also the guest speaker was someone who I served with out in Japan . It was kinda nice seeing her again . 
I hope Sears doesn`t take too long on replacing my serpetine belt . 
This past weekend I bought and installed a roof antenna for an old couple that have been having problems since the DTV switch-over . It's too bad the city or county doesn't have towers with vhf and uhf repeaters to help residents in low areas or live near a lot of talll trees that reduce reception . 
Friday afternoon I turned in my apartment keys . The maintenance guy never did a pre-move out inspection and was busy \fixing\ " the jacuzi ( that has been broke ) and couldn't do it before I left . I was hoping to get an estimate of the cost to replace 3 portions of the carpet that have stains . I'll have to wait for their contractors to do an assessment and Saywer Realty to mail me the move-out inspection sheet . " 
I spent the day with my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > yesterday . She was bitten by a blue hornet Friday afternoon and one of her fingers was still itching and a little swolen . It's been nice being able to see her and < PROPFIRST > every couple of months over these last 3 years . < PROPFEMALE > is already talkling about the next time she flies out here , to drive her , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > to visit me in < PROPFEMALE > Beach . 
Happy Father's Day Dad and < PROPMALE > . While packing my suitcases , I realized I forgot to include the NIOC MD visor I received for reenlisting . I can give it to < PROPMALE > when I see him in a couple of weeks . 
I seen LT < PROPMALE > , previous SIWO/DivO , in the cafeteria today . I was able join him and one of his coworkers eating lunch and talk about the times on the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . He seems to be doing pretty well as a reservist and at his contracting job . 
Today was the last day in the NISIRT . I was presented with a plaque containing a hard drive plate and a gold tab that has \You really put the ' SHHH ' in SHO ! \ " . I also have a photo of the infamous lightening bolt striking OPS2 with signatures from my friends in the office and NIOC Dept . I was really fortunate to be assigned to a work center and department that supports their people . " 
Tomorrow after work I'm going to head to Annapolis to pick up my mail from the Post Office and use my coupon for a free ice cream from < PROPFEMALE > Moo's . Their ice cream is much better than Cold Stone's . 
My flight had a layover in Indiannapolis . A guy in front asked if I was going to KC . I answered yes and thoght , if I wasn`t I would have deplaned . 
I am happy I my sked Friday allowed me to attend YNCS < PROPFEMALE > Moore`s retirement ceremony . Many of her guests had known her for 10+ years . She has definately had a huge positive influence over thousands of Sailors during her 25 year career . 
During the 2nd leg of my flight , I realized I left the District of Colunbia Black lottery tickets in my car . D`oh . 
This afternoon I used my mom's computer to find places to eat and go see . She has my step-dad's old orange cookware set in the computer room ( I bought them new set for Christmas ) . I made a comment to my mom that the pans match the pretty orange computer chair lmfao . 
With the dark clouds I seen earlier , I am suprised it hasn't rained . 
Mom , Aunt < PROPFIRST > and I ate lunch at Hibachi Japanese Steakhouse down on the Plaza . The food was alright , but I have had better . I was dissapointed we weren't given the option to order sushi and the chef didn't do any tricks . Afterwards we walked around a few blocks and went into a couple of < PROPMALE > galleries and a coffee shop . 
I've seen a lot of train cars with coal in them since being in Kansas City . I wonder if < PROPFEMALE > is expecting more bad boys and girls this year . 
Mom really put the \goo\ " in her gooloash tonight . " 
I think I may get Mom an air purifer for Christmas to remove cigarette smoke when she lights up . 
Last night Mom and I went to the Corporate Woods Office Park's firework display . They canceledd it on the 4th due to the rain . It was a really good show that had nice constant shootings throughout the 30 minute display . We parked next to a couple that live in < PROPFEMALE > , the wife said they went to KC River Fest on the 4th and their display only lasted 6 minutes ( that's what she said lmfao ) . 
I called Regatta Bay about my move-out inspection . They are not charging me for the carpet which is nice , but they said a couple of the cabinets had to be replaced . There wasn't anything wrong with the cabinets other than a previous bad paint job . The manager said photos were taken , but I didn't ask if they were included with the letter . I may stop by there on the 20th on my way down to VA Beach . 
I picked up my rental car today from < PROPFEMALE > . The guy gave me a free upgrade and said the < PROPFEMALE > Optimum is more fuel effecient than the compact he had . It had a fuel tank of gas when I picked it up and after driving to Carrolltown is at 3/4 of a tank . 
After lunch today I visited my grandma that lives in the nursing home . She seemed to be alright . I gave her one of my white hats as promised ( don't tell as she doesn't want anyone else to know ) . She did tell a short story of her childhood of getting really tanned from helping her father plow fields . Her mother wouldn't make her green clothes because she would get so dark she would look black . 
Today I also stopped by Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPMALE>'s house . < PROPFEMALE > was out with < PROPFEMALE > at a park in Higginsville so I spent a couple of hours with < PROPFIRST > . It was nice seeing her again . We talked about college , work , coffee , cell phone and a few other things . Hopefully she'll complete here homework , or at least be close , to attend < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party on Sunday . 
A month or two ago a card from the North Kansas City School District came to my dad's house . I called the number and apparently Winnetonka is making a book and CD or DVD of the school's history and alumni . They expect to finish contacting current and former faculty and students and have the items ready by October . 
My portfolio actually had a gain ( 4.4% ) this week , however it's still down about 1% for the year . 
This morning I ran on the Carrollton High School track . It seemed liked there was a big difference running on gravel/dirt track than rubber ones . I still prefer eliptical machines because they keep track of time , distance and calories and allow the resistance level to be changed . Maybe one of these days I won't have a spare tire . lmfao 
I'd really like to go get some suhi this week . Maybe I can go up to < PROPFEMALE > or KC and get some . 
Yesterday dad and I went fishing at a couple of ponds . The chiggers got my ankles , legs , and thighs and I found a tick on me . Next time I should use some Off or another insect repellant . d'oh 
SUMITOMO TRUST & BANKING ( STBUY ) paid a dividend of $0.0477 per share on July 12th . Thus far , I have a $12.13 gain since buying shares last July . 
A < PROPFIRST > Lucc Picard sent me a a friend request yesterday . He is in San Fransico and has 6 Facebook friends . I wonder if this is one of < PROPFEMALE>'s alternate personalities lmfao . 
I'm tired of getting a recorded message from 206-202-5273 . I verified my number is registered on the Do Not Call List . 
I Love Being \ 
Black QOTD : “I freed a thousand slaves . I could have freed a \ 
thousand more if only they knew they were slaves . \ - < PROPFEMALE > Tubman " 
I visited my grandmother yesterday . It was somewhat good & bad visit . Here a few things she said which gives reason our family never visits with her . \ 
\ 
She pumps the nursing home staff for information about Whitney . \ 
One of the staff is an unwed mother and has a black baby . \ 
She questioned < PROPFEMALE>'s cooking after telling her Whit & I were eating supper at < PROPFEMALE>'s house . 
CBL Properties & Associates ( CBL ) paid a $0.20 per share dividend this week . I am currently up 113% since buying shares in December 2008 . 
This evening < PROPFIRST > picked up a taco pizza from < PROPFIRST>'s . It was really good , I reckon I ain't had one in 3 or more years . She was supposed to get one last week , but the special was 2 single topping pizzas for $20 . 
I finished downloading all the available references on NKO for the Chief's exam . I'll have to devote more time to study than I did last year . Maybe some Chiefs will retire and improve the promotion rate . 
My dad set two live traps in the back of his truck last week . He finally caught a coon that has been getting into trash in the truck bed . This isn't the first time a coon has been in the back of something at his house . LMFAO ! \ 
He should keep his trash inside until he can take it to a dumpster . The sad part is my dad doesn't have the tools to remove the animal and it was disposed of . 
Last night and this morning when I signed onto FaceBook , I had to verify my identity since I logged on from different locations . I think I need to start looking at the photo albums of my FB friends to be able to identify them lmfao . 
I made it down to < PROPFEMALE > Beach safely . It only took me 3.5 hours and I stopped at a Starbucks along the way for a blueberry struessel muffin and a venti bold pick of the day . I still have about 1/2 a tank of gas left also . 
There was a storm today that seems to have disrupted the internet service at my hotel . While tech support is contacting the front desk to have them restart the equipment , I walked to Starbucks for an over-priced deli-sandwhich , $2 ice < PROPFEMALE > machiato and free wi-fi . I was really wanting their chicken targon salad sandwhich , but all they had were turkey & swiss and small panins . 
This morning the Today Show had a segment about the expense of a college education . One of the write-in questions was from parents who are contemplating a home equity < PROPFEMALE > to pay for their child's masters degree . The host and guests understand the parents helping with an undergraduate degree , but not for a masters . Those parents are likely near retirement and will need their money to support themselves . 
CNN Money article on Secrets of Extreme Savers article . \ 
It's too bad only a few of these finance articles include people under 25 to show that young people can in fact do it and still maintain a social life . \ 
http://money.cnn.com/galleries/2010/moneymag/1007/gallery.super_savers.moneymag/6.html 
I checked into NCDOC this afternoon and now I am officially trailer trash . NCDOC and NETWARCOM share the same building and there are 4 or 5 double-wides connected to it with breezeways in between each one . LMFAO . 
Today I put in an offer on the 2 bdrm at Ghent Square . I'm offering $3k less than list price and requesting closing cost assistance . My monthly payment will be close to my BAH amount . The listing agent and seller said my offer is reasonable . Hopefully the seller will sign/fax the contract back to his agent by tomorrow so she can forward it to his lender to finish the HAP process since it is already preapproved . 
Two weeks in a row my portfolio had a gain ( 3.6% this week ) and finally I am in the black for YTD ( 1.6% ) . 
Corporate Office Properties ( OFC ) paid a dividend of $0.25 per share on the 15th . The value of my shares are currently down 6.7% since buying them in April . 
Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd ( TNP ) paid a dividend of $0.15 per share on July 15th . 
Each congressman spends about $1.4 mil on crap each year including eating out , student < PROPFEMALE > payments , vacations , postage , etc . 
The version of Hair Spray with < PROPFIRST > Travolta came on after Juno . I like < PROPFIRST > Travolta , but he doesn't make a pretty BBW lmfao . I gotta see what else is on . 
Today I experienced my first PT session at NCDOC . It was a lot harder than my normal abs , pushups and cardio machine . I'm glad I ran on the tracks while on leave because it prepared me to run on pavement here . This morning we did a 3.3 mile run and I didn't have to stop and walk along the way . 
Today there are a bunch of geese that hanging out next to the hotel . I wanted to honk and coverse with them , but other guests were outside smoking and/or on their cell phones . If they are still out there after I eat dinner , I may give them some bread . Fatten them up before going for the kill . 
After getting my computer acounts made today , I looked around the intranet and address book . There's a PO1 < PROPFEMALE > assigned to NCDOC or NNWC . I'll try not to quote < PROPFIRST > Griffin if/when I see her . lmfao 
I'm watching Seinfeld . It's the episode in which a fat person gets robbed while < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > stand by and eventually get arrested for violating the \Good Samaritan Law \"." 
Was it wrong of me to go to Sonic while there was a terrential down pour ? lol 
Maid service has not changed my towels , emptied the trash can , vacuumed or changed linen & made the bed this week . 
Lately it seems like FB isn't displaying posts chronologically on my wall . Is anyone else experiencing this ? 
I finally found a laundromat to warsh my clothes today . Afterwards I drove around to see what is in the neighborhood of the Western Branch portion of Chesapeake . I passed one of the apartments I was going to look at , Stone Bridge . They looked like two-story trailers lol . 
An ad for Beach Ford aired during the last commercial break . The owner welcomed home the Sailors that are part of the Enterprise Strike Group . I think that is a great jesture . I wonder if any of companies or government officials do that in other high deployable unit areas . 
I was notified of HAP approval today . This afternoon I was able to have a home inspection completed . There are just a few minor things that need to be fixed . The hot water heater will need to be replaced as it is out of warranty per the condo association bylaws . I'm going to take care of that myself since I am getting an awesome deal . 
I'm watching Talegada Nights . It's on the segment of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > praying before their meal . I like the movie , but it does have soem bad parenting skillz lol . 
I don't know how many times I heard the word \retard\ " today ; it was too many to count . A Chief in the indoc class had to have said it about 20 times and I heard 3 or 4 other people say it throughout the day as well . I know it's one of my frequent adjectives . I must have big sphere of influence . " 
I seen a commercial this morning that Heart will be performing in Portsmout in Aug 13th . I'd really like to go see them . However , the movie Restrepo will be showing that night as well . 
the hotel dryers need the coins removed so i had to go to a laundry mat . 
The actor who played JR from < PROPFIRST > is now advertising for a solar power company . In the ad he mocks the congressmen who said \drill baby drill\ " by saying \ " shine baby shine\ " . \ 
I thought there was going to be an earthquake in the NEX Food Court during lunch today . 
I'm trying to route a tuition assistance request at work . They have to check to see if it will be approved because I have not completed the job qualification standards for my permanent department and I wasn't selection board eligible . I am in Training & Exercise Dept ( T&E not T&A lol ) and I don't think completing an OPS JQS should be a requirement . If it is , I will take my time completing CBTs in Training . 
Has anyone ever told you that your toothbrush is too small for your big mouth ? lol 
Congratulations to all the Chief selectees . I think NCDOC had 5 or 6 peole get selected . 
I had the worst spaghetti for lunch . It was basically noodles and ground beef , no sauce . I was expecting the mess hall to be serving chinese food , since that what is listed on the 21 day plan . $4.25 is an ok price , but the food today wasn't worth it . Maybe I'll try it again tomorrow . Cash only FTL . \ 
Afterward , I went to McDonald's for a hot fudge sundae . Apparently , VA has a 12% prepared food tax . 
I gave the galley another try today . What they served did not line up with the 21 day meal plan again . I have no idea how they cooked the pork chops . The edges curled towards the center . The scallopped potatoes weren't anything special either . I did enjoy the fried okra , but all that requires is putting em in a deep fryer for a few minutes . 
I seen Restrepo this afternoon . It was a really good documentary and I bet the Soldiers were glad to tell their stories . I'm sure it helps them deal with everything they experienced . I know it has to be tough seeing your friends become casulaties , especially the instance when the guy died on the chopper heading to the ER . 
I received my travel claim today . I may use part of it buying some new things for the condo . 15 more days till closing !. \ 
Tidewater Community College was able to update my account to make me eligible for the in-state tuition rate . Now if only my request chit will make it to the XO for him to sign and approve my WebTA . 
I'm starting to notice at work , those of us in Training , are being treated like children . At the end of the work day , even if it's 4 or a little after , one of the Training staff members goes to ask the Division Chief if it's alright to leave . Today the LPO told us we are taking lunch from 11 to 1215 . Every Tuesday morning we are required to participate in ultimate frisby for department PT . 
I finally received my travel claim . Party in Norfolk lmfao . 
It's National Cupcake Day . 
My < PROPFEMALE > request finally reached the XO around 2pm and he approved it . Now I just have to wait for the people in Pcola to authorize funding . Tomorrow I am going to leave early to give the voucher to TCC and get my books . TCC in their infinite wisdom drops students who haven't paid and requires them to re-enroll in classes until they have done so . I get up early enough to not have a problem though . 
The NCDOC and NIOC Chief Selects are having a car wash fundraiser today at the Advanced Auto on Witchduck . My car needs a good washing and this gives me an opportunity to support them . Too bad they aren't cleaning the inside of it lol . 
Yesterday I was looking at concept cars on Toyata , Lexus , and Honda . The one I liked the best is Toyata's FT-CH which is estimated to get 51/48 mpg . It's a little smaller than the Prius and therefore should be priced accordingly . Hopefully it will be priced similar to the Honda Insight . Of course , it's all dependant upon Toyota putting the car in production . 
I went to NEX and Commissary this afternoon for a few things . While in line at the NEX , there was a black lady who had 2 kids with her . She sent her daughter to the register in the next < PROPFIRST > to pay for a couple things . The mom yelled at her son to get up out of yo sistah . The way she spoke and her accent reminded me of < PROPFIRST > Q . Liquor . 
Help my mom , a Soldiers Angel , win so she can hep out our military men \ 
and women . Go to : https://sears.promo.eprize.com/billion/gallery?id=63422&cp=vote&sms_ss=email\ 
Be sure to check your email the FIRST time you vote , ( usually the spam \ 
folder ) & just click on the link to confirm your vote . Votes don't \ 
count until they're confirmed . Please vote everyday if you can . Thanks ! 
The way we abbreviate Balance Sheet is BS . An easy way to remember this is \IS ( Income Sheet ) SHE ( Statement of stock Holder Equity) \"" 
The way we abbreviate Balance Sheet is BS . An \ 
easy way to remember the accounting equation is \IS ( Income Sheet ) SHE ( Statement of stock \ 
Yesterday afternoon a guy at work recognized me from such duty stations as NSGA Kunia . His face looked familar , but I didn't remember his name . He said he transfered shortly after I checked in . His name is < PROPMALE > Goodman . < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > are my only 2 friends on FB that go back to Hawaii . 
my car won't start this morning . the earliest auto parts stores open is 8 and repair places open at 730 . hopefully it's just the battery . 
This weekend I may go to Segway of Hampton . They offer 4 tours - 2 state parks , 1 downtown Norfolk and 1 wildlife refuge - that are 90 minutes for $75 . I may ask some people at work if they would be interested in doing one in a few weeks , at least after I get moved in . 6 MORE DAYS !!! 
Yesterday I realized at work there is someone from each of my previous duty stations at NCDOC . Once < PROPFIRST > Tant gets here , there will be someone from each office since I have been to the Fort twice . Its kinda cool considering there's only about 280 ppl that work at NCDOC . 
Does anyone else play Millioinaire City ? Trailer City needs some business partners lmfao 
Yesterday I was frustrated with my < PROPFEMALE > processor not providing the Flood Insurance Department a copy of the association's policy . The insurance rep spoke to another < PROPFEMALE > processor that said there were not any notes in my file mentioning a minimum coverage amount . I went with $25k property/contents coverage and this afternoon I was informed to increase it an additional $153900 . Whiskey Tango Foxtrot !! 
My net work went up $30k today !!! I am glad my home purchase process is finally through . A print of the Brooklyn Bridge was mistakenly left behind so he is compensating for washer/dryer . The title company gave me 2 coffee cups and I took an ink pen and note tablet . I joked that if any paralegal positions were open my mom would move out here and apply for it . 
I paid the $5 monthly fee to have access to the coffee mess at work . I must say I have been getting my money's worth lol . Today I filled my cup 3 times before heading to closing . 
A J Gator's Sports Bar & Grill on Wednessday's offers a 25% military discount . 
my neighbors have wi-fi , but unfortunately i dont have an adapter that can go into promiscuos mode 
im waiting for the moving company to deliver my things . i looked around some more . i really dont think the ltjg and ens put an effort into cleaning . < PROPFIRST > ( listing agent ) gave my number to a cleaning service to take care of it . hopefully they can fit me in this weekend , weather permiting . 
i went to lowes and took advantage of their 20% off plus 10% mil discount . sat i am getting washer , dryer and water heater installed all for thr low price of $1500 lmfao . its a good thing i know how to budget and build savings account . 
i went to work this am and realized i didnt have my employee badge . the qd wasnt open so i spent 15 < PROPFEMALE > looking in my suitcases and found it lol . when i got to my work center i was informed huricane watches were set and i dont need to be at work till mon . i was only gonna be there 4 bout 1 hr since cox is co < PROPFEMALE > g 2day . 
i brought my stuff up from my car and got out of uniform . i suppose i should put clothes on b4 cox gets here . has anyone ever noticed there are never any women cable techs ? 
it`s RED shirt friday . i dont have a red shirt so im gonna wear another red article of clothing . 
Your Tax Dollars At Work - The Mayflower crew in Baltimore wrapped my pot holders with paper and bubble wrap . 
The Lowe's saleswoman called this morning and said the dryer has a scratch . I'll have to go there this afternoon and get an additional 10% off it ! 
I'm snacking left over fried avocados from last night . It's amazing we can take something healthy and turn it into something that will clog arteries . lol 
I went to Cup of < PROPFIRST>'s website and sent a bunch of coffee to fellow servicemen . Hopefully some of them will write back . 
My front loader washer and dryer were installed this morning . Lowes ' installation team was unable to install the water heater since it was too wide and water pipes for hvac are above it . I'll call the management company on Tuesday to see where to get the contractor version of the 38 gallon low-boy water heater . 
i need to buy a new vacuum . my old one bit the dust before moving . one of my friends recommended a dyson . i'm not really feelin the $400 for one though . 
i can't find my a&e coupon d'oh 
The subwoofer for my computer speakers are missing as well . The subwoofer , scanner and keyboard must have all been in the same box . 
Blah , I start shift work tomorrow . I love being told at the end of the day prior to switching to be on the watch team currently on mids . 
I supported my fellow Americans and more importantly my fellow Missourans . I purchased a Simplicity vacuum that is made in St. < PROPFIRST > , MO . They are also sold under the brand name Riccar , but I think that is out west . 
I received four emails from today containing the \thank you's\ " from several of the Soldiers ( in the broad sense ) that received coffee through COJ . " 
The evening news had a segment about different pant manufacturers having larger waiste measurements than what the size tag indicates . I hope other areas cover the topic as well to raise consumer awareness . Next time you go shopping for pants , jeans , or shorts , bring a tape measure . lol 
This morning I had to PT after getting off work . I remembered my Casio that has a stop watch function . I made it to the Foc'sle in 11:30 and completed the run in 23:10 . I should go on Google Maps to get the exact distance instead of going by the estimated 3 miles . \ 
I think my workout made it difficult to sleep today . I didn't fall asleep till bout 1030 and woke up at 315 . 
I went to the NEX on NOB and purchased a set of NWUs . I forgot the NCDOC patch and the line was long to order name tags so I'll take them to the NEX on Little Creer for tailoring . 
The Chief Selects are having another car wash on Sunday . This time it is at Fudruckers on < PROPFEMALE > Beach Blvd from 10am - 5pm . Going there would be a good reason to get some beer battered onion rings . 
Last night/this morning at work , one of the CND Watch Officers turned the tv to The < PROPFIRST > something Show on ESPN . OMG that was boring . It was kind of a radio call-in show and he didn't get excited when he talked . Good thing I had coffee lol 
I sent an email with my new address in it . 
I really don't know about my grandma lol . I am on the phone with her and one of the old folks home staff walked by and she said hello . She had to whisper to me that the lady was black . 
I'm going to go meet my upstairs neighbor . She has some plants on her balcony that sit directly on it and water runs through it onto my balcony . Hopefully it will go well or < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > might make an appearance lol jk . 
I wakled up to a couple furniture stores earlier . I thought I was walking towards Norfolk Coffee & Tea , but I went the wrong way lol . Two of the cushions in my couch sink in to the cross-board when I sit on them . I'm trying to decide if I want another couch or possibly a sectional . I may hit up a consignment shop later this week since I have a picture I want to get rid of also . 
I was trying to finish my homework , but the Blackboard service is unavailable . I should have finished it over the weekend lol 
Earlier\ 
this week , a guy at work spent the day with a girl and didn't take her \ 
home ( 1 hr round-trip ) . He brough her on base and she had to sit in his \ 
car while he asked permission to take her to Newport News . While I \ 
could have afforded to let him go that long , however I decided against \ 
it . Her friends in VB were out and didn't answer their cells so he let \ 
her borrow his car and she picked him up after work . 
The Fleet and Family Support Center is having a Car Buying Seminar next month . I've never taken advantage of attending one one fo their classes . \ 
Here's my Car Buying Tip 101 :\ 
Don't wear clothes and accessories ( watch , rings , sunglasses , bling , etc ) that are worth more than 20% of the car . lmfao 
Last night , the CND Watch Officer had Fox News Channel on the entire night . I don't think I had seen the < PROPMALE > Beck show before . He seemed to be an interesting character . 
RecoverEZ sent me a letter with an updated < PROPMALE > from Regatta Bay Apts . I guess they couldn't produce the photos and therefore removed the charges for the sink and blinds . It looks like I will be getting about $50 from my security deposit back too . I should prolly call their dumbkljlk for them to send it here instead of my mom's house . That and they put \2 N\ " instead of \ " LN\ " on the street name . lmfao " 
I called McBride < PROPMALE > Gallery to see if they were able to locate a \Crab Town\ " print by Niel Harpe from another gallery or the artist . I should have contacted Mr. Harpe directly lol . I was asked to give them a call in another week unless they contact me first . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Beach has a shortgage of curly fries available from fast food restaurants . I have gone to a couple of Arby's and Hardees and they don't have them . The cashier at Hardees last night told me they stopped serving them 2 years ago . Now that I am here , they will have to bring them back . 
I walked to Urban Castaways ( consignment shop ) to see what couches they had . They had a few , but none I liked . Afterwards I walked to Norfolk Coffee & Tea . I was hoping they served coffee , but they didn't and I ended up buying a pound of of Manhatten Blend . Now I'll have to brew a pot of it and see how it compares to Kona Isles . 
Undercover Brother FTW 
my fa is tired . i'm gonna need to make some coffee before work lol . 
Today I seen a couch , chair and ottoman set I liked , but it wasn't in a color & fabric I liked . I put a deposit on a set in the color & material I want and they will let me know when it is ready . However , they had a showroom end table that I liked and it was 65% off . It has alligator leather on the sides . \ 
Speaking of alligators , I should go to A J's Gator Sports Bar & Grill for some A J Gator Tail . 
Napolean Dynamite is on WGN . 
spread the word , peace and chicken 
Yesterday wasn't a good day . I had to be @ work at 7 to be present at couple ppl's counseling which didn't occur till 830 . Then the PO1s had eval training and my dept had quarters . I got take-out at a bbq place on my way home . I didn't get home and finished eating till 115 . I set my alarm for 8am instead of 8pm and didn't wake up till 1030 ( 30 < PROPFEMALE > after I was supposed to be at work ) . 
I am getting tired of all the \Booty Pop\ " commercials that air every and all night . " 
There was a horrible multi-car accident on Shore Dr this morning . I seen 3 ambulances and 6 cop cars and 1 firetruck . I hope everyone will be ok . 
apparently cuz i slept so well yesterday i can't today lol . i have pt tomorrow morning after work too . maybe i can catch a nap before 8 . 
I\ 
attempted to contact Nero's Antiques & Appraisals to get my prints \ 
appraised without success . I was recommended a gentleman who used to \ 
work at the Chrysler Museum by Wyatte Decorative Arts & appraisals \ 
since the owner popped out a baby and is taking time off . I emailed him\ 
a list of artists and print names and he will be in contact with me \ 
after doing some pre-research on them . 
< PROPMALE > Beck was a guest on the Fox News morning show today . He said it would be easy to cut spending down and even as a Republican he can cut Defense spending down a lot . He compared the number of ships to the number of Admirals and suggested downsizing them . I wonder if the Chief of Naval Operations was watching . 
I was able to recount lots of good memories when I uploaded photos into my new albums , espcially those that have Papa , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , Grandma Isaacs and Grandma < PROPFEMALE > . I'll have to double check my albums to see if I have any of Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . 
My Movers Advantage bonus was posted to my bank account today ! I also received a check from Sawyer Reality and another one from USAA . I'll try not to spend the $1.37 from USAA in one place lol . I really don't know why they couldn't have sent a message asking if I want a check or for it to be deposited in my checking or savings account . 
When I got home this morning , I called and made a doctor's appointment for tomorrow . The lady said she had an opening at 1:15 and I told her I prefered something later . She asked \what do you mean ? \ " lol . " 
I went back to Deroum Furniture this afternoon and purchased the two glass urns . I think people will be surprised with their Christmas gifts this year ! \ 
For the time being , I will put them on on my mantle . 
I purchased 4 pictures by < PROPFIRST > Holtzinger at a consignment shop this afternoon . They are of Granby Street , a Trolly , Norfolk City Market and Lynhaven House , < PROPFEMALE > Beach during the early 1900s . 
Last night on the way to the trailer park , I picked up some alligator tail and macaroni ' n cheese from A J Gators . The gator from the location in Wards shopping center seemed to be greasier than the one in downtown . 
McBridge Gallery still has not contacted < PROPMALE > Harpe to see if he has any spare \Crab Town\ " prints . " 
I cooked some Talapia Roulade for dinner this evening . Boy did it stink while it was in the oven . It had to be the crab stuffing that caused the smell . I could make some comments , but I'll leave that for others . lmfao 
had another long and boring night at work . one more week till switching to day shift for the month of october . at least i was able to sleep past 1130 this morning . 
i wish we had lrsprac at work . that would make watch more fun and eventful . i miss hearing soundtrack clips and Sailors making Chewbacca sounds . 
a few days ago i woke up with the left side of my jaw and ear hurting . i thought i may have slept wierd , but my ear is still bothering me . i went to the doctor's office and was given a few allergy products to help with decongestion . i haven't noticed any improvement though . 
One of my neighbors complimented on the two lamps I purchased earlier . I thought about saying \your mom likes them too \"." 
i haven't had any sushi in a while . perhaps some of my friends will want to get some this evening or tomorrow . raw salmon , mackrel , tuna , eel , octopus and squid sound good with some hot green tea or sake . \ 
living off of granby is great ! 
my scrambled eggs with cheese didn't turn out as well as they normally do . i must have added too much milk . 
Good afternoon Facebookians . I am trying to decide what to dress up for halloween . I am thinking about wearing working blues or working whites and being me from 2009 or as < PROPFIRST > Griffin . I would need to gain some weight to gain if I dressed up as < PROPFIRST > though . 
i wonder if wide st and broad st intersect 
I am fixing veal chops , organic yukon baked potatoes and vp healthy garden blend vegetables for dinner . \ 
Too bad I have to work otherwise I would have a glass of the wine < PROPFEMALE > gave me . \ 
working nights ftl 
you mind if i have some of this tasty beverage to wash this down ? 
i love accounting , but the homework and quizes take so long to complete . Using paper ledgers ( in hs ) was so much easier than having to use the drop down bars and know what order to the program wants things listed . 
UPS\ 
dropped off my print . I didn't get to the door in time and the driver \ 
left it by my door . I am dissapointed a signature wasn't required . I suppose if I wasn't wearing my bed clothes I could have answered the door in time . lmfao 
A Ford Fusion Hybrid commercial aired a moment ago . They were bragging that it is expected to uphold better resale value than a Toyota Camry . A 2010 Ford Fusion Hybrid that sells for $28k will be worth $1200 less than a Toyota Prius or Honda Civic Hybrid ( both which costs around $20k ) . It costs more and gets less < PROPMALE > per gallon . Ford needs to step up its game in 2012 if it wants to tackle on the hybrid market . 
One of the outcomes of the meetings is we are going to start an Analyst of the Month program . I get the * privelege * of writing the guidelines , establishing grading criteria , a submission timeline and awards . Actually , I'm happy to do it since it encourages healthy competition and increase morale and work productivity and allows those actions to be recognized and rewarded . 
All this rain is causing the roads to flood here . I was pushing water on Shore Dr. I'm glad my car's air intake is at the top of the engine . 
There is a difference when entering the base depending on if a Sailor or < PROPFEMALE > is standing gate guard duty . The Sailor checks the ID and says welcome to \Little Creek\ " or \ " JEB\ " . The < PROPFEMALE > s take it a step further and give the time of day greeting along with the person's rank before welcoming him or her to the base . " 
Cyber Tip of the Week :\ 
Do not download or open a file called \asshole . pdf \"" 
The saleswoman at Thompsonville Furniture called to inform me several of their stores will be closing and to assure me if I have any questions about my living room set ( once I get it ) stores in Richmond and Newport News will be able to assist me . \ 
I applaud her customer service skills . I hope she is able to transition into one of the remaining locations or into a new job quickly after the VB store closes . 
I am highly dissapointed in our Congressional representatives by taking an early recess . They are more worried about political pitfalls by taking action on the budget , defense authorization < PROPMALE > , extending parts of the \Bush tax cuts\ " and I'm sure there are plenty of other inacitions . \ 
This morning I took one of my dress blue jumpers with me to work to get a NCDOC UIM sewn on it after work . I noticed one of my other jumpers has a NAVSECGRUACT KUNIA rocker on it lol 
I keep getting 20% off coupons for Bed , Bath and Beyond . I can't think of anything I need from there other than curtains for my bedroom windows though . 
I bought a new wireless adapter for my desktop at the NEX this afternoon since my current one is older and frequently looses the signal . There numerous D-Link adapters above a $47.99 price tag and when I went to enter my purchase in my financial records I noticed the real price was $77.99 . A salesman pointed out the D-Link because the Cisco one was $65 . \ 
Has anyone used a PowerLine networking ? 
I hope the weather is nice for the services being held tomorrow at Little Creek in honor of 3 Sailors that were assigned to Naval Special Warfare Group . One of them was a fellow CT , CTRCS < PROPFIRST > McLendon . He must have been a great leader to have made E-8 and be 2 years younger than me . \ 
Not to take attention away from the 2 Special Warfare Operators ( SO ) that were 24 & 26 . 
Lately a few of my FB friends and their friends have been making posts bout how < PROPFIRST > Lohan makes the news for being arrested and contrasts it with a list of service men and women who lost their lives that did not make the news . It is a great point on how the media focuses on entertainment and not news , however the list contains men and women died in July . 
I wish < PROPFEMALE > Phelps would get disbarred . 
I finally was able to make an appointment to get my damaged pictured and a few others appraised . It looks like the 4th company is the charm lol . Unfortunately , the lady doesn't like to do appraisals at her office due to increased insurance premiums . Part of the fee for coming out to look at them will go towards the appraisal process . 
Sensor Tactics Division is ____ like NSGAY is to Naval Security Group Activity Yokosuka . 
I faxed my absentee ballot request today . I should get it towards the end of next week . I need to remind my section to do the same if they plan on voting in the November election . 
Today was the 3rd time in a week a bum has asked for money . This afternoon the guy followed me in a parking lot till I found an open spot lol . i gave him 2 for effort . 
When I get home this afternoon , I am contemplating making a post on Sen. McCaskill , Sen. Bond , and Rep. Graves ' FB < PROPFEMALE > quoting Lumberg from Office Space about needing to come in on Saturday and Sunday lol 
Over the last 2 days I learned I need to improve my leadership abilities . I really don't know what is so hard about going to work , doing routine job functions , 2 or 3 infrequent tasks and making it an easy day . 
I traded my Ford Fusion in for a Honda Civic Hybrid . I didn't get as much for the Fusion as I wanted , but oh well . I was tired of avg 19/20 mpg per tank with all the stop n go traffic . Now I am averaging 40 mpg per tank ! I do miss the fold down seats , but I didn't like the Insight & CRZ hatchback since part of rear view was obstructed & trunk wasn't as deep . 
I < PROPMALE > 9 of my pictures so far today . I need to get some nais to < PROPFEMALE > 2 that can't use picture < PROPFEMALE > ers . \ 
I need to decide if I want my panoramic of Chestertown above the fp mantle or couch . If I put above the fp , I would need to fix cutouts from where previous owner ran cables to the tv mount . 
I bought a pair of green slacks and a belt with a gold buckle . I already have a white dress shirt . Now I am all ready to be < PROPFIRST > . 
I dropped off 2.5 sets of NWU's at Suky's Tailor on Independence Blvd . It cost $27 to sew on patches compared to $45 for 1.5 sets at the NEX . Suky must get a huge amount of business to be able to undercut the NEX by that much . 
My camera has been giving me issues reading a few SD cards . I have a 10% off coupon for Best Buy , although I wonder if the NEX will give me 5% off to get my business . 
Today I weighed in at 152 lbs . Tomorrow I get to burn 170 cal in 12 < PROPFEMALE > on an eliptical machine . I think I only need to burn 140 , but I want to score an excelent again on my pt test . 
Today was so busy I wasn't able to get my first cup of coffee until 12 . I had a 730 and 8 meetings , PT at 9 , flu shot and \sailorization\ " until noon . A couple of my coworkers could tell I was going through caffiene withdrawal lol . " 
I got my absentee balot in the mail today !!! For those not able to vote in person , have you received or requested yours ? Election Day is Nov 2 and will be here before you know it . 
I went to the Old Town Point Wine Festival down the paved road with one of my friends . Its interesting he`s from the KC area also . I have tasted my $35 worth of wine . lmfao . I bought a bottle of red wine made from a blend of grapes that includes the Norton Grape . I`ve notivced 100% Norton ( whether Mo or Va ) isnt as good as blend . Too bad there arecoffee tasting events . LOL 
Sunday afternoon I went to the American Veterans Traveling Tribute event in Suffolk . They have an impressive WW2 Memorial Wall . I think it would be hard to keep clean and in good shape going across the country . I looked for and found PO3 O'Bryant's name in their section for those lost while deployed fighting the GWOT . 
Bleh , the \necessary evil\ " of administrative actions to reprimand people . I feel bad about what the outcome will be . " 
This was a question from my accounting quiz :\ 
MC Qu . 90 A company's current \ 
assets were $Ca , its quick assets were \ 
$Ass ... 
It seems like the people at work make things overly complicated . There is so much pressure on peddly crap I am having a hard time working on things due by the 1st . 
do any of my CT ( or IT ) brothers from another mother know what \RAD-X\ " is ? " 
I received a letter from BUMED asking me to participate in a telephone survey in relation to my doctor appointment two weeks ago . I''ve received these survey requests before and when I didn't participate BUMED repeatedly sent letters to inquire about the survey status . I should call the number and ask why are surveys optional if they are going to hound patients to particpate in them . 
i received my 2nd dominion power < PROPMALE > yesterday and can't believe how low it is ($53 ) . i don't like how dominion doesn't put the price per kWh . idk if they are cheaper than Clean Currents ' $0.113 per kWh and BGE's delivery service charge . i do know i am using about 450 kWh compared to 800-1100 kWh when i had roommate . 
55 Soldiers returned home ( Ft Eustis ) from being deployed in Afganistan for 6 months , yet the Today Show is going to talk about < PROPFIRST > Lohan and kids wearing make up . 
I moved the fridge and stove out from the walls and it was gross . I ought to buy one of those plastic da kines that block things from falling between counter and stove . 
I attempted to install the D-Link DWA-160 rev A2 today and failed ! lol . I uninstalled the Linksys software ( old adapter ) and disabled AV prior to installing the D-Link software . The Device Manager shows the adapter working fine , however the D-Link connection Wizard screams \Wireless adapter not found ! \ " It installed fine on my laptop ( Win 7 ) though . " 
Windows give me the family nature never could ! 
wtf < PROPFEMALE > 
i really wish cardio kickboxing sessions were available . it's a great intense workout and relieves stress a lot better than just running . 
bah , stayed late to work on an eval . \ 
on something more positive , i was asked to be a mentor . i asked for a list of goals and expectations . hopefully he'll follow through on providing those to me and we can work together to meet or exceed them . 
I need a new set of baking pans . My current set has film of < PROPFEMALE > or w/e that won't come off and food sticks to . I want to start eating healthier and bake and broil fish more often . 
Yesterday during one of the morning meetings , I brought up < PROPMALE > Garcia . The DH said it was a < PROPFEMALE > island out in the middle of the ocean , which segwayed for me to say \surrounded by < PROPFEMALE > seahorses\ " . Apparently none of the leadership in my department has seen \ " Napoleon Dynamite \"." 
The PO1s in my division had our first \Analyst of the Month\ " board this afternoon . The Sailor in my watch section was selected by a huge margin . I'll have to keep pushing my peeps to give me quality input to make it easier to nominate one of them with an accurate reflection of their contribution to meeting NCDOC and Network Forensic's missions . " 
I bought < PROPFIRST>'s Christmas present today . She knows wut it is cuz I texted her a pic of it . I guess she doesn't know she's waiting till then though lol . It's a black Nike DryFit shirt with \Wit Ness\ " written in pink . " 
having to be at work at 0530 ftl 
This afternoon I was able to use the phrase \that's what she said\ " in a non-joking conversation . " 
I actually got a lunch break today ! A few PO1s in my department went to < PROPFEMALE > Tuesday's . It gave us an area to talk about some work things without being interrupted . \ 
Avocado Turkey Burgers ftw . < PROPFEMALE > Tuesday french fries ftl . 
dividend paying stocks FTW ! 5 of my stocks paid their quarterly dividends this week that totaled $76 . i have one more stock that will pay it's dividend in two weeks . 
I participated in a 5k sponsored by the Friends of Norfolk Historical Cemeteries this morning . I think I went through some of their loops 3 times because it too me longer than expected to complete it lol . 
last night i had to go into work to submit an e-leave request . i filled my car up with gas afterwards and i averaged 53mpg on my way home ! i can't wait to see the fuel economy with mostly highway while driving to/fro Camp Lejeune . 
i stopped at a hess gas station so mom could pee on the way down here . she said the \woman\ " b4 her left the toilet seat up . lmfao " 
we made it back this evening . i have 2 bars left on my fuel gauge with 450 < PROPMALE > . tomorrow i'll have to fill up when we go to the nex and commissary tomorrow . i'll have to decide if i want to show my mom the trailer park next to my work building or go to the better exchange on NOB lmfao . 
Mom and I went to AJ Gator's Sports Bar & Grill for lunch . I asked them to make me a quesadilla with the alligator meat , but they wouldn't . Maybe I'll send them a suggestion on their web < PROPFEMALE > or make a post on their FB < PROPFEMALE > . 
Got mom and lil < PROPFIRST > dropped off at the airport and came home to change . Now to get my fa to work lmfao . Maybe I'll have time to stop by Wawa for coffee . 
Today is the last day to vote in Sear's Billion Points Video contest . Please vote for my mom . \ 
https://sears.promo.eprize.com/billion/gallery?id=63422&cp=vote&sms_ss=email 
Lowe's is having 20% off of Frigidaire appliances over $397 w/Free Delivery and Haul Away until November 15th . UPromise members earn 6% if purchased online . 
I'm thinking about unloading some stocks later this month or early next month ; one being JTX . I read online that H&R Block is not expecting to do tax refund anticipation loans due to some issues with HSBC . I disagree with poor financial planing of those who get them , but it could boost JTX stock prices lol . 
Thomasville Furniture called and my stuff will be delivered next Friday . I'll have to coerce them into taking my current set out . Maybe I can hit up an ATM and bribe them lol . 
I need to start thinking about what Christmas gifts to buy people . I already have a few things . I'm trying to decide what to get my mom . Too bad Lowe's special is this month and not Dec . I could get her a new fridge for less than what I bought her cooking set last year . An air purifier also crossed my mind . 
Cox is having issues again this morning . This is the second morning this month ; hopefully it won't be a recurring problem . 
The mail carrier delivered 2 Verizon < PROPMALE > s yesterday ; one for me and other for previous residents . I opened one and called Verizon to ask about the charges . While on the phone I realized I mistakenly opened the other guy's < PROPMALE > lol . 
this morning on the hampton roads show , they made roasted butternut squash soup . it looks really good . 
I took a couple things to 2nd Act Consignment Shop . When I talked to the employees before , they seemed more confident how items were selling . I'm uncertain if they will sell , but hopefully they will before the 60 day contract is up . I prolly should have tried Ebay with local pick up/delivery only first . 
I emailed AJ Gators Sports Bar & Grill a suggestion to add alligator quesadilla\ 
to their menu . They already serve fried gator and have tortillas for quesadillas . I hope they add it , if not I'll have to order their gator tail and take it home and make it myself . 
G Dubya is gonna be on Oprah this afternoon . I may record to see if he talks about < PROPFEMALE > , GWOT & Iraq and the economy . I know he did his best in the situation he was dealt with , but unfortunately it didn't go as well as planned with everything . 
The NCDOC Command Assessment Team is conducting a Command Climate Survey . The forecast looks partly cloudy with a 20% < PROPMALE > of snow flurries . 
The Mission Continues event in Norfolk is anticipating over 200 participants . They better have coffee if they want me there at 7 lol . I'll have to bring a uniform to change when finished so I can stay there till bout 1 . I wonder if I'll see anyone from the base I know at the event . 
I am a Veteran , and a Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . Regardless of personal political views , that is an honor , and there are way too many people in ...... this country who no longer remember that fact .... Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Veteran . \ 
US Navy 1996 to Present 
its cold outside painting the skewl sign for mission continues event 
My couch and chair were delivered this morning already . I'll have to call and ask about my coffee table . Maybe next week I can schedule Good Will to pick up my old set . 
Shrinkage is the term used to refer to the loss of inventory and is computed by comparing a physical count of inventory with record amounts . \ 
The author to my accounting book must not have consulted with < PROPFIRST > Castanza for the definition lmfao . 
I have spent $200 at various Starbucks this year ! 
Last Sunday at church , the pastor referenced a book in the sermon I thought made a good point . A lil girl pointed to a stained glass window at church and asked her mom what it was . Her mom responded with saints , referring to the picture on the glass . Later the girl told one her friends that saints let light shine through . It was a good point we should let God's light shine through us . 
Last night I resubmitted my e-leave for next month . Hopefully it will get routed this time . 
Mom is gonna be upset at me on Saturday lol . I went ahead and took advantage of Lowe's 20% plus 10% mil discount . 
The episode of Saved by the < PROPFEMALE > is about earthquakes . I miss earthquakes in Japan . Maybe C7F will be available when I am in my orders negotiation window . 
the bold pick of the day at Starbucks on NOB is Christmas Blend . wut happened to Thanksgiving ? 
For someone who doesn't have money , I wonder how the person can afford to put mobile web on his or her prepaid cell phone . 
Yesterday I seen a female < PROPMALE > at the Commissary . 
I decided to bring a pumpkin cranberry walnut bread to work on Thanksgiving evening . The NOB Commissary didn't have any frozen or dried cranberries so I may have to drive by Food Lion . I bought some \Hey ya'll it's\ " < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > loaf pans since my old one had a bunch of scratches allowing food to stick . \ 
MacArthur Center's seasonal ice rink opens this weekend . Maybe some friends and I can walk our fa's down to the mall and skate Saturday or Sunday afternoon . 
The book for my accounting class has 25 chapters , yet we are only going through 10 . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Kettle is airing on TCM next Wed afternoon . I set my DVR to record since I'll be at work . 
Is that a < PROPFEMALE > coming out of your < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I'm thinking about buying a small Christmas tree this year . But what would I decorate it with ? I'm missing one of my ornaments lol . 
I had my eval debrief this afternoon . I need to work on projecting myself and sharing my knowledge and experience with others , especially < PROPMALE > Sailors since this is my 3rd CTN assignment . It really sucked because I was just past the 90 days to receive a Not Observed eval . However , the Chief's board will know that when they look at it . 
Thursday evening a guy at work was talking about KC bbq . It turns out he is from < PROPFIRST > , KS . KC beats the imported < PROPFEMALE > bbq that VA has hands down . 
i finished the habitat for humanity project today . i managed to get paint on my jeans and hoodie . i should probably soak them b4 putting them in the washer to see if paint gets out . 
When you say next door , do you mean Flingers or Chilis ? 
Yesterday I called Lowe's because I wasn't given a military discount on a purchase . They are returning and reselling the item in their computer system . I'm glad to get the additional $40 off the product . 
Friday I may head to Lynhaven Mall and hit up some Black Friday sales . I want to get some new jeans and shirts from JCP . Too bad JCP isn't at MacArthur so I could wobble down there lmfao . 
I was motivated enough today to go run at Mount White Trashmore . I really should it more often while the weather is still nice . 
If\ 
you have a brother who has made you laugh , tortured you , stuck-up for \ 
you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , \ 
picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong & you can't do \ 
without , copy and paste this to your status .... 
Hope Foundation come to my condo to take my old couch and chair a few minutes ago . Unfortunately , the lick stains didn't come out enough when I cleaned them last week . The guys suggested Thrift Store or CPKDT may take them . I may have the waste removal company take them out . 
the bulk removal company wants 85 for curb side pickup of my couch and chair . maybe i can ask one of my coworkers with a truck to help me out and take it the dump myself and give them $ or premium coffee lol . 
I wonder why people at work feel the need to call to ask/get information about something KNOWING my fa will be this afternoon before their COB . \ 
Maybe they are getting an Aloha Wednesday . 
I put the pumpkin cranberry walnut bread in the oven . The recipe made 2 loaves . That'll allow me to take one into work and the other to < PROPFEMALE>'s . 
In roughly 45 minutes , it will be my 14th year in the Navy . It seems like it has gone by way too quickly . There have been many things lately that have reminded me of being in Hawaii and < PROPMALE > Garcia . I've been wearing my NIOC Yokosuka ID holder and use a Starbucks travel mug daily . \ 
W00t for E6 14+ pay !!!! I'm ready for E7 pay lmfao . 
Minimal manning for Thursday and Friday was almost canceled for office . \ 
I have no idea what is wrong with people at my work sometimes . There \ 
are 3 < PROPMALE > holidays that people get together with family -Thanksgiving , Christmas & Easter . The reason for canceling was way \ 
to vague . I hope senior management gets wind of it . I was\ 
going to \let my people go\ " anyways and take repercussion 
I went to Lynnhaven Mall this morning . I can't believe I got up at 440 after getting home at 11 lol . At JCP , I bought a few clothes and 2 cookie sheets . I bought 2 shirts from A & E . The girl forgot to remove one of the anti-theft devices so I'll have to walk to the one @ MacArthur Mall to get it taken off . I also used my annual phone upgrade on a Droid Pro . 
HAPPY BLACK FRIDAY !!! 
Happy Festivus . 
I made spaghetti using ground lamb , but I didn't tell the people who ate it lmfao . 
We made it back from Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s house . Next time I''m not taking the Chesapeake Bay Bridge/Tunnel though . The $12 toll and the several 45mpg zones were rough lol . Last night we ate at < PROPFEMALE>'s on < PROPMALE > Island , one of my favs out there . < PROPMALE > didn't like his sketty though lol . It wasn't as good as wut I made Friday . 
Friday I washed my green blanket that I purchased several years ago and somehow a white t-shirt and a pair socks got mixed in with it . I now have green t-shirt and socks lol . I wonder why the green bled after all these years . 
Happy Cyber Monday ! 
It's turning out to be a nice day . I should have walked to the mall earlier so I could have had time to go to Mount White Trashmore to run a lap or two . Maybe I can do it tomorrow . 
I think I know what to get dad and < PROPFIRST > for Christmas . I'll have to check with < PROPFIRST > to see if they have one . 
< PROPMALE > Howerton - Thanks for liking morel mushrooms lol . I haven't had any in a few years . I found some online and ordered . I'll have to ask around to see if they grow out here . 
My grandma mailed a card and enclosed a couple newspaper clippings . Two of them was about a story of a Norborne girl who was killed by a train . I can understand the sunset prevent her from seeing it , but she should have heard it . 
I finished exam 4 of my accounting class . I need to study this weekend to be able to take the final by the 7th . 
I made another attempt to clean my old couch and chair with a damp microfiber cloth . This time I put some < PROPFEMALE > on it to see if it will help . When they dry , I'm going to take pictures of them for an ad to give them away . 
Tuesday I left home early enough to stop by the NEX to pick up PO3 collar and cover devices for a guy in my section who got frocked yesterday . A couple other PO1s did the same thing for their people . 
It's December 2nd , have you maximized your 401k , < PROPFIRST > and 529 contributions ? 
My leave chit for the 27th and 28th was finally approved ! I had to submit a duty-exchange request for another PO1 to cover those days since it will leave only two PO3s in my section those days . 
A < PROPFIRST > Gibbons responded to my couch and chair ad . I wonder if she's related to < PROPFIRST > Gibbons . 
had to buy bleach last night . For some reason my white t-shirts came \ 
out dingy when I warshed them last week . Hopefully they'll come out bright and white this time . It is the beginning of the \ 
month and I need to run the washer cleaner , as recommended . 
I wanna try to finish up Christmas shopping this weekend . I only need things for a couple more people . Maybe I'll just have the National Arbor Foundation plant a tree in someone's name lmfao jk . 
math is the lesbian sister of biology . 
Senator < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > was on Meet The Press this morning . He made an interesting statement about solar panel companies . It is an American technology , but < PROPFEMALE > has 60% of the top 10 companies who make them . We need to invest more through the use of grants and tax deductions/credits to American companies that produce alternative energy products . 
UPS delivered a package today and in doing so my storm door closer got bent . Hopefully I will get a response from my email and they will send me a check for a replacement . 
My birthday gift from my mom was delivered tonight . I'll have to steam some brown rice to go with salmon tomorrow . 
I bought Aunt < PROPFIRST > and Uncle < PROPFIRST > their Christmas gifts . All that is left are 2 gift cards . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! Last night a few friends and I went to a Chinese place and had some soup and tea before I had to go to work . I took an order of chicken with snow peas to work and ate it about 130am . 
I followed a SUV part of the way home this morning that had a \S&ve the Boobies bumper sticker . Support Breast Cancer Research \"." 
Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to say THANKS to a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who < PROPFEMALE > while serving our country ?! USMC SGT NICHOLS J . ALEMAN . He died Dec 5 while serving in Afghanistan\ 
? RIP SGT ALEMAN ? SIMPER FI ? 
I went to the NEX and got a haircut and asked for a 2.5 guard like I always do . I think the guy must use metric lol . My hair will grow back though . \ 
I also went to the commissary and bought ingrediants for chili . I wanted to get some avacodo relish since another recipe uses it , but they don't < PROPFEMALE > it . I may try a speciality store . 
Greetings Mr. < PROPMALE > 
From the Desk of Vladmir Putin , Prime Minister of Russia : Dear < PROPFEMALE > Palin , As I look out from the window of the Kremlin and see your house all the way in Alaska , one thought came to mind . PLEASE close your drapes . It's bad enough we here in Russia had to see your dysfunctional Thanksgiving Dinner , which by the way , I didn't know men in < PROPFEMALE > drank that much . 
I got a B in my Accounting I class . This week I need to walk my happy self down the paved road to TCC Norfolk and talk to an advisor about which class to take next . Great thing is it's across from the mall in which there's a Starbucks . 
-- -.-- / . -- --- . - . -.- / ... .. - -.- . -.- ... 
I went to the mall and got a gift card and that finished up my Christmas shopping . I took my Starbucks mug inside to finish it up and to get a refill . At first the broad rang it up full price , which was more than other locations , and I mentioned the one base charges 0.55 when customers use tumblers . They didn't even know it was a grande size . i wish they made venti size ones , but I haven't seen any . 
the check engine light came on my car this morning . i'll have to let the \acting lpo\ " know i won't be at pt tomorrow since i need to take my car to the dealership . i'm not going to attend the afternoon session either lol . " 
I walked to TCC Norfolk campus to talk to an advisor about which class to take next and to ask why I need to take ITE 115 ( a 4 credit computer class ) with all my skillz . It was a bloody cold walk back home so I stopped at A Latte Cafe and got a caremelo machiato . 
i hate how we get treated like children at work . 
I got a birthday and Christmas card , that had a small check in each , in the mail from my grandmother . Now to find somewhere to cash them lol . 
This morning's PT session was interesting . A Senior Chief made a comment a few times about < PROPMALE > and and the need to wash your ass and PT uniforms . He said if someone smells again Friday morning , he is going to embarrass the person in front of the department by calling him/her out . Other than that , the PT sessions have difficult moments but overall its less than what I do by myself . 
im finishing up the last of my chili at work tonight . the aroma from the red wine can still be smelled although the alcohol content has been cooked out lol 
I went to the Post Office and mailed gifts to 3 people . They should receive them by Wednesday . I wanted to go to Baker's Crust , but they closed at 3 today . < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > is next to them so I stopped in and was told they will be finished framing my prints next week . 
i hope the snow/slush doesn't freeze overnight while working . i wonder what would happen if the gates to my complex won't open lol . 
There's a difference between knowing the path and walking the path . 
.. - / .. ... / ... - .. - . -- . .. - .. / - --- / ... .. - - ... -- .. - / . - / - .. .. - - -.-- / ... . -- . - . -- . / . - . . --.- .. - . ... - / - --- / - . - -.- . / . - .. . . - ... - . / . - - . - .. / - .... . . - . . .. - . --- . - . . / . - . . --.- .. - .. . - . . / ... --- -- . --- - . . / - --- / . -- --- . - . -.- / . ---- ----- / -.- . --- - . ... . -.- . .. - - .. ... - . / - .. . - -.-- ... 
It's important to use correct terminology or specify exactly what is required instead of leaving it up to the listener to use the standard definition . 
I'm tired of buying milk and not using all of it or even none . I was going to cook a Lipton pasta side , but the milk I bought expired on the 10th and wasn't even opened lol . I might see if Food Lion sells pints since the Commissary doesn't sell non-organic pints . 
Omg the Starbucks @ NOB is closed ! 
I went to NFCU to cash the bday and Christmas checks my grandma sent on the way to the Commissary . When I got home , a Christmas card with a check was in my mailbox from my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > lol . I guess I'll be making another trip lol 
One of my subordinates called to let me know he may be late this evening . His dog's tail got caught in a door and he's taking the dog to the vet . I hope the vet is able to sew his tail back together and it doesn't cost too much . I know emergency vet visits can be expensive . 
Waiting for PSD to open so I can sign my advancement worksheet . It seems like they want them signed way early here . Ive got 30 < PROPFEMALE > and then I can go home and sleep . 
there's a plantif on the people's court who likes < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > rafiel lmfao 
My check to the Chesapeake Bay Foundation cleared . I guess that means I was accepted to attend their course . I should receive a confirmation letter shortly . 
i cant wait for winter to be over and we can start doing real pt . running circles and length of the court in the basketball court creates a low pressure area . 
\The one thing women don't want to find in their stockings on Christmas morning is their husband . \ " ~ Joan Rivers " 
bah , i have a case of conjunctivitis . i wanted a 7am appointment , but they didn't have one so i sked a late afternoon one . maybe the doc will give me an siq chit lol . the doctors i've been to b4 haven't been consistent with it . 
My non-CT friends have a difficult time with the concept of working holidays . Next holiday I will send our adversaries a memo to give them a day off also . 
After my doctor appointment , ya'll can prolly guess where I went . I picked up a box of cranberry bliss bars to take in to work tonight . I wish the caramel-apple spice was served all year long . 
There was a segment on the news last night ( ya we didn't watch < PROPMALE > Beck lmfao ) that the IRS is delaying the date for those who are itemizing deductions for the 2010 federal taxes . I wonder if they are going to extend the April 15th the same number of days they are delaying the earliest file date . \ 
It's my money and I want it now ! 
On my way into the Trailer Park , I want to stop at Walgreens , CVS or Wal-Mart to see if they have any coal . I want to put them in a few people's desks . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Facebook Peeps . I hope everyone stayed within their budget . I didn't lmfao ; that should be a 2011 goal . 
I think we watched the Pope channel last night lol . I like the liturgy and how the service seemed to have been < PROPFIRST > through although I disagree with several points of Catholicism . It sounded nice in whatever language he speaks . \ 
Then we watched a couple episodes of Chopped on the Food Network . 
i just burnt some gyoza . i'll have to get some more when i get groceries again lol . 
Norfolk is a little slow ; it's white the day after Christmas . I may go out and take some pictures . I should prolly brush my car off a couple times today to prevent excessive accumulation by tomorrow . 
My car got its first brushing for the day . Hopefully the management company will have the snow removed tonight . The guy who waters the flowers ( not like I do lol ) lives here and I wonder if he'll remove the snow from the walkways . 
I called my grandmother earlier . She got the picture of < PROPFEMALE > & me . She didn't mention < PROPFEMALE > in the photo and I have gained weight lol . The thermostat in her mini-fridge went out so she bought a new one . One of the staff took it and replaced the thermostat to fix it and gave my grandma 20 for it . Then she went on about people in town being sick and someone having colon cancer so I said I had to go . 
Today I noticed I am missing the custom-tailored coat I had made in < PROPFIRST > Kong . I will need to update my claim form when I go back to work on Wednesday 
my dominion power < PROPMALE > ( electric ) is available and is 135 . i know i forgot to adjust my thermostat a few times when going to work ; there's no need to heat an empty house . 
Facebook wouldn't let me access my account from my phone while I was at < PROPMALE>'s even though I accessed FB last week from it lmfao . I restored my account and my phone's IP was from Nashville lol . 
i wonder why vdot or the city of chesapeake didn't clean us-17 very well after all the snow we got . there was a big difference after crossing back into va lol 
My financial software is having issues today . I may have to buy a new software next week . I've read a lot of complaints about Quicken , but I think they are only company that does everything - budgeting , cash flow , reports , investments , etc . 
last night's episode of Chopped had their contestants serve a cuttlefish entree . I don't think I have tried that . I'll have to find a Mediterranean or Asian restaurant that serves it . 
2 day work week FTW ! i should slip on some ice in the parking lot to make it a 1 day work week lol jk 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l |^^^^^^^^^^|\ 
l HAVE A SAFE * AND * HAPPY NEW YEAR |” \”; .. 
I don't understand why at work they want the po1s to know personal situations of < PROPMALE > people and in other cases they don't even let us know stuff involving our specific subordinates/watch team members . 
someone on food network made avocado banana mousse . i wonder if i have time to find recipe , go to the store and make it b4 party 2night . 
Have a great New Year's < PROPFEMALE > FB friends ! 
The episode of Chopped from last night has some interesting ingredients - goat brains and fish heads . 
This week was really trying with only me and one qualified analyst lol . I'm glad everyone returns from leave next week . The new rotating schedule that starts next week will be interesting . 
Mission Continues MLK Jr Event . I will be working < PROPFEMALE > shift , but as long as Norfolk doesn't have their project on Sunday I can volunteer before work . \ 
http://www.missioncontinues.org/Get_Involved/UpcomingSpecialEvents/MLKDay2011 
I received notification of being accepted in the Chesapeake Bay Foundation's VoiCeS course . I'm looking forward to learning new information on Bay preservation . In my Writing 101 class , I chose that topic for one of my papers . 
I work for real winners . I emailed a soft-copy of an eval yesterday afternoon or this morning and encrypted it with my PKI cert . I received a phone call asking where the eval was saved on the network . My LPO had an issue opening my email while I was on the phone . If he would have checked his email during the day , the issue could have been corrected today and not have to w8 until Monday . 
I see < PROPMALE > crackers and I think , \omg the crackers kill my life \"" 
Let ' see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name ... it can only be 1 word ... the copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you ... don't just post a word & not copy ... that's no fun !!! 
you're mother's brother went to summer camp with my uncle's friend's accountant . 
I don't like how a lot of software like browsers , Java , IM , etc want to install a toolbar with their application . 
I received an issue of American Lifestyles magazine in the mail today . There is a picture of a \Crazy Chins\ " make up < PROPFEMALE > . I wonder if that is what people with multiple chins use . " 
I fried a bag of catfish nuggets for dinner . I can't believe 2 nuggets are considered a single serving lol . 
This meatloaf is rather shallow and pedantic . 
At PT we had to hop like a frog across the gym floor . I understand wanting to vary the routine , but I don't see how that will improve run times . I can't wait for warmer weather when we can run outside . It would be nice if we went to the other gym since it it has a room full of cardio equipment . 
I was gonna go to AJ Gator's tonight , but one of my friends has to put in over time to finish up his TPS reports . It is a lil cold to walk too lol . 
Yay , the meeting today was canceled , not that I was planning on attending . I'm covering a coworker's shift tomorrow , thereby making today my only day off until next Wed . The meeting is pushed to next Thursday at noon . I bet they don't realize that the CPO exam is next Thursday morning . I am off on that day too and will not spend the entire day doing work related activities on a day off . 
I've gotten used to waking up early again . I got home from seeing a movie around 1230 and woke up at 6 lmfao . 
i'm starting to feel like i'm getting a cold . i was going to a friend's bday party after work tonight , but i'll have to see . 
So pour out your cup of haterade and sop it up off the floor lol 
Reviewing my JQR before oral board today , listening to \Till Debt Do U$ Part\ " 
I start a day staff position on Friday . I won't be able to stay too late at a friend's bday party Thursday night . I know , 2 friends having bdays within a week lol . \ 
Now I can participate in the chili cookoff Friday . I am going to make the lamb and black bean chili again . I needs something else added to give it a kick though . 
I got home from taking the Chief exam . It was a lot different than one last year . I really need to learn < PROPFEMALE > and get better at discrete math . 
ACHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?....... If you're allergic\ 
to bull shit , drama queens , head games , liars , 2 faced people , keep this sneeze\ 
going ... I can't wait to see who'll re-post this 
self-paced college classes ftl . reading a book and taking a CLEP test for credit is a better option lol . I won't be taking another class from my eco 201 prof if all his online classes are this way . 
I'm watching an episode of \Till Debt Do U$ Part\ " and < PROPFIRST > gave some interesting advice . She recommends not to use more than 15% of take-home pay in an aggressive debt reduction plan . She has witnessed people that exceed it put themselves in a financial bind causing them to use credit cards again . " 
I'm still not completely over my cold . I think I may walk my happy self up to < PROPFEMALE > Sushi for lunch to see if the wasabi will help drain my sinus cavities . 
disposable income is teh amount of income that trailerholds have left over after paying their personal taxes . they are free to divide that income between consumption ( c ) and savings ( s ) . \ 
taken from my macroeconomics text book . \ 
Maybe I would like a 3rd option lol . 
Last night in my VoiCeS class , I learned that some parts of Norfolk have a tree ordinance . There are certain areas where it is illegal to prune , trim or remove a tree without a permit . I wasn't aware of how much water trees absorb and this area really needs it with the horrible drainage problem from heavy rains and storms . 
time to warm up left overs . i got home about 930 last night and cooked some veal & mushroom burgers and some spicy sweet potato fries . it tasted really good at lunch today . i never would have though i'd ever like sweet potatoes . at least i do as mashed and fries . 
I finished my first week of being a day-ho . It is different not being on the watch . The last couple days I have been busy writing special evals for the push-button E-4's so they can take the PO2 exam in March . \ 
I am now working for a really great Canadian Army SGT . He has a more common-sense approach to things . 
I am going to stop getting hair cuts at NOB . I keep getting the same guy and he uses the guard all around when I ask for sides only . No tip for him again lol 
My VoiCeS class was canceled tonight . The speaker who is local is sick and the one that lives in < PROPFEMALE > is snowed in lol . The facilitator is going to try to coordinate an optional make up session so we can hear those presentations . 
I don't know how many of my facebook friends would be willing to help out but if u can , Operation Piece Of Home is trying to raise money to send care packages to troops over seas , and could really use some help !!! 
My dad called me earlier this morning . My grandma was taken to the ER today . He said she went last Sunday too . Hopefully he'll call me back within a couple hours after talking to the doctor to give me more details . From what he knew , she didn't want to hear what the doc said on Sunday . 
the episode of Chopped i'm watching has a coast guard cook on it . i'm interested to see how well he performs compared to the other chefs . 
This afternoon I offended my supervisor . He wanted me to make a grammatical correction that I disagreed with . I had a few things listed , separated by commas , and the word \or\ " before the last one . He wanted the word \ " or\ " between each item instead of just at the end . I told him \ " I don't speak the < PROPFEMALE>'s English\ " lmfao " 
I'm cooking spaghetti tonight and I am actually using ground beef this time ! lol 
My grandma passed away this morning around 1130 . When I got home I realized I forgot to change my leave approver to the civilian director since my DH is on leave . I am going to attempt to get airline tickets that are cheap and have a close proximity arrival time to of my Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s . \ 
I wouldn't mind renting a hybrid while there since I'm used to getting 40mpg . 
For all the bad things about Ford , at least the \sponsor\ " free access to facebook on the Gogo Inflight Internet . " 
Last night a NOAA rep spoke at the VoiCeS class . I was shocked to learn two military bases had extreme harm to the environment . One had 16 FEET of calcium hydroxide and another TNT . In May or June I may volunteer with The Nature Conservacy to gather eel grass seeds . The seeds are returned in the fall for them to grow . Something must limitstheir natural success . Perhaps geese as they like to eat replanted marsh . 
Carrollton needs a Starbucks 
For some reason my dad is getting a hair cut . I'm gonna take a pic wif my phone and upload it later . Lmfao 
I was mistaken about AA allowing military access to their Admiral's Club . It's only for those on 2 week RNR and have their DD-31 . 
Wow the DFW USO doesn't have free wi-fi . 
Getting my dinner on @ TGIFs . I wasn't aware they had sweet potatoe fries till now . 
I finally made it home . I received a 2nd invalid purchase date notice for my Verizon Wireless rebate . I went to their website and chatted with an agent who resubmitted it with the correct promotional period . I should receive the rebate within 15 days . After what I spent with American Airlines it will come in handy . 
bleh , a nsu inspection tomorrow morning . time to shine my shoes again lol . earlier this week i bought a small shirt and a size smaller pants . i was kinda surprised the small shirt fit as a couple months ago is was slightly tight . i still need to work on not just having a flat wallet , but a flat stomach as well lmfao . 
The B's at Total Military Management finally provided me a status of my moving claim . They denied my claim for items I didn't receive and are offering 25% less than what I asked for my damaged print . I may have to schedule an appointment with them for them to explain how my print was valued and for me to show them my inventory list . 
The forecast for tomorrow is to have a high of 71 . I should probably take advantage of it and go run tomorrow morning . 
i got my federal taxes . i can't wait to receive my refund in a couple weeks ! 
I wore my orange Leavenworth gated community shirt today . I felt like the great pumpkin lmfao . 
I received an interesting phone call on my way home from the Commissary . In 1995 and 1996 I bought a few things from < PROPMALE > Mint . Supposedly I owe money from a 1996 purchase . I'm fairly certain I mailed a money order for each monthly < PROPMALE > . I didn't have a credit card with them as I was a minor in high school . MO statue of limitations for debt collection is 10 years from last account activity . 
I hope all my friends that took the PO1 exam will make it . I realized the FCPOA didn't have a snack table outside the testing room . Food and beverages can't be on the table while taking the exam , but everyone is \highly encouraged\ " to arrive early and would have time to eat a donut and drink some juice or coffee . Perhaps for the September exams . " 
Tuition Assistance was approved for 3 of us in my division . I am truly amazed ( lol I talk to the Israeli girls at the dead sea booths to much ) it only took a week . I wobbled down Granby and turned in my voucher and paid the $80 that wasn't covered . Now to compare book prices online . Upromise.com partnered with Textbooks.com so I may order through them to get the 3% into my account . 
did i mention the tank is a tank ? 
Yesterday I order the text book and access connect card online since it was cheaper than the bundle package at TCC Barnes & < PROPMALE > . Even McGraw Hill sells the connect card $30 less than B&N . Hopefully they will arrive by the end of next week . 
Last night traffic was more backed up on US-17 than < PROPMALE > was when he would over eat cheese slices . 
I'm due for my first oil change already ; I put almost 7k < PROPMALE > on it already . I scheduled an appointment for Friday afternoon . It'll force me to leave work on time lmfao . 
Yesterday on the drive here , I was having a difficult time finding a good radio station . I did run across two that played songs I ain't heard in years . One stationed played a song by < PROPFIRST > Milsap I hadn't heard before and another played Conway Twitty . I remember in < PROPMALE > Garcia , someone requested a Conway Twitty song and the DJ mistakenly said Titty instead of Twitty lol . 
Monday I received an email acknowledgment of my refractive eye surgery request I faxed a week ago . Now to play the waiting game . 
I'm finally home this evening . Made it back to Norfolk in time to get something to eat and be at class on time . One thing I noticed while in Jacksonville was the incredible number of 45mpg speed zones with very few stop lights . It helped keep my fuel efficiency up lol . 
do you ever have the problem of not being able to finish your morning nap before it's time for your afternoon nap ? 
I bought a new pair of jeans today . I wish manufacturers would size their jeans with their actual inches . I know I do not have a 30\ waiste lol . " 
omg , this morning one of the cleaning ladies was hitting on me lmfao . 
It's a nice afternoon to go get some ice cream . bbl 
One of the CTN1s at work said only one of us made board . I'm curious who it is since 9 of us took it . I hope it was me , but some of the other guys (& 1 gal ) deserve it also . I suppose we'll find out next week . 
wohoo my Dominion Power < PROPMALE > is $53 ! 
Yesterday and today I wound up staying late at work to complete transfer evaluations and end of tour awards . I wonder how much red ink is going to be on them tomorrow lol . \ 
I will be leaving on time tomorrow afternoon in order to have time to go home and relax before going to a friend's bday party . 
eww - bacon wrapped bananas 
After I retire from the Navy , I should work in the medical field so I can be Dr. Hartman and be like the character from Family Guy . 
omg , i can't believe i spent 60 on sushi lol 
< PROPMALE > Schultz - Starbucks is not in the coffee business serving people ; it is in the people business serving coffee . 
I took my car to the Honda dealership today . One of my IMA batteries has to be replaced . They will call me when one comes in . I had an issue trying to get them to take me to work when I dropped it off during lunch . One of my coworkers was nice enough to drop me off afterward . Hopefully Honda's sked will fit mine when the battery arrives to install it . 
Coming to a work center near you - NAVPERS 1616/25 ! Get them while they are hot ! 
I went out with a few friends last night . We must have went to the desert as there was a camel sighting lmfao . 
I wonder what's up with Food Network shows , at least the ones I watch , using sardines as ingredient lately . It's like they go through a season of over-using one ingredient before moving to another . A couple months ago it was cactus pears lol . 
last week i bought a set of side rails room store said might work with my bed . i'll be returning them this weekend lol . 
I had a Career Development Board this morning . It was different being the one receiving advice and recommendations after sitting on the other side of the table for 3 years . I was given some ideas on how to better prepare myself for the Chief's exam . I need to make time to study more and improve effectiveness of it . The 6 Pillars of a Well-Rounded ( not stomach lol ) Sailor were also covered . 
i am making 4th attempt to get the rebate for my cell phone i purchased on black friday lmfao 
Honda was able to replace one of the hybrid batteries and do the state inspection in 3 hours . I am really impressed it was estimated to take 1/2 day . Unfortunately , the fuel efficiency counter got reset during the process lol . 
