Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 

bare 
Is being there for my family when they need me . 
I have finally found my daughters . I am so happy and I'm not going to let anyone bring me down about it . 
Well I got to talk to my girls grandmother today for 3 hrs . It went alot better than I ever expected . It was so good to hear how they are doing and she's agreed to letting me call and ask about them whenever I want . 
I just got some really good news today . I got accepted to go back to school . I'm going to get a degree in Drug and Alcohol Counseling . I'm so excited !!!! 
Happy Easter everyone !!!! 
going to give blood today and then off to talk to my advisor about what classes to register for for this summer . 
well I gave my blood away and registered for my summer and fall classes .... YEAH !!!! 
weddings can be so crazy sometimes !! I'm tired and my feet hurt .. woah is me .. lol 
If you have a spouse who makes you laugh , who you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with and who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , copy and paste this to your profile with your anniversary date : Nov . 1st 2007 ... I Love you < PROPFIRST > 
just doing some on-line car shopping . Hopefully we can find one we like cause we really need a 2nd car for when I start school come June . 
just got back from my cousin-in-laws birthday party and I had a good time . Now all I need is aunt < PROPFIRST > to give me that cake recipe .. lol 
I got the dishes done , laundry done and put away , vaccuuming and dusting done . I think I'm going to take the rest of the day off now ... Happy mothers day to me .. lol 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there is a \ 
man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , \ 
OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding\ 
her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man \ 
wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRYthere's\ 
a man stealing smiles from her . ( Post this on your wall if you're \ 
against Domestic Violence ) 
What a day . I got a call from Cat just a little bit ago wanting me to go to < PROPMALE > for some testing , to maybe go work at the < PROPMALE > cat facility . But I am suppose to be starting school in 3 weeks . I'm already registered and ready for school . I just don't know what I'm going to do . 
well I made my decision with a lot of help from some very important people to me . I am going to school instead of working for Cat . I hope I made a good decision . 
finally got my books for school that starts this friday . 
1st day of class we'll see how it goes . Wish me luck . 
well my 1st day of school went pretty good . My teacher is a blast and the way he does things is alot different then I thought it would be . He told us that he doesn't do things the same ways as other teachers there at ICC and he wasn't kidding . 
There are many complaints that Facebook has become unacceptably slow . The report shows that Facebook has a number of nonactive members . They want us to re-post this message to see who are active and who are not . If you don't post this message within 2 weeks ............... you will be removed in order to get more ... space . Post this on your wall to show that you are active in the facebook 
I just went through my cloths changing this up since I've managed to lose 30lbs . I'm now smaller than I was this time last yr . I'm so excited . YEAH ME !!!! 
had a great weekend minus my broken big toe . < PROPFIRST > and I make a good accident couple . At least my toe didn't end me up in the ER like his cut finger ... 
hubby is repainting my kitchen today to my taste . It should look so much better than the colors he chose when we bought the house .. lol 
Happy 4th of July to all my family and friends !!! 
Well I turned in my Psy exam tonight now I only have to turn in my Soc exam then I am done for 3 weeks . YEAH !!! 
Well I passed my first 2 classes with flying colors . I hope next semester goes just as well . 
The prices for school books is CRAZY !!! It felt like I stood there forever waiting to hand them my schedule so they could get my books for me . I liked last semester better when I could get my own books . I was in and out in no time . 
is a freak but she's fine with that 
Thank you everyone for your birthday wishes . So far my day has been great . 
going to go have dinner with hubby's family in a little while . 
I had a great time in Chicago seeing the family and going to the cards vs cubs game . Card's rock !!!! 
Youngest won her basketball game tonight . I'm so proud of her . 
I went and had to put my oldest dog down today and it broke my heart . I will miss him so much but he lived a long and happy life . 
I like it on my computer desk 
Just got home from Springfield . Now to check all my stuff .. lol http://yearbook.com/a/ncaoq?ref=nf 
Its MOMMIES week ... post when you became a Mom ! \ 
03/13/1995 
At school for another enlightening adventvre lol . 
Got signed up for my next semesters classes , Yeah !! 
Just chilling for the afternoon . I have a bit of homework to do then resting is in my future .. lol 
I was wondering if anyone would be interested in having a Scentsy party . I am working on becoming a consultant but I want to make sure that there are people who would be interested in the products before I spend the money . If anyone is please let me know . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !! 
beer 
1 final down only 3 to go . 
I had my English final today and my teacher already has the grades up on Blackboard . Man is he fast .. lol . Didn't do so hot in Bio though , now I have to retake the class because I have to have a C or better for my degree . Just 1 more final tomorrow and then I'm done for the semester !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! 
TO NON-PET OWNERS who visit our homes and complain about our pets . 1 ) They live here , you don't . 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'- niture . 3 ) Chances are , I love my pets more than I like you . 4 ) To you , they are animals . ... To me , they are my babies and family ... who are hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back ! Re- post if you love your pet 
Is anyone else having problem with Frontierville loading ? I have tried everything to fix this . All my other games load just fine . HELP !! 
Had a good first day back to school except having to lug all these books and such around .. lol . It makes me miss high school . At least there we had lockers we could keep our books in until we needed them between classes . 
