is now home for a total of 4 1/2 days before he leaves for 2 years 

needs a job , anybody have any ideas ? 
xkcd.com makes the world so much better 
delaying the \should go to bed\ " by playing sonic :) " 
is going to attempt to fix his computers connectivity problems . 
is in a much better mood cuz he just finished talking with one of the greatest people in the whole world 
just had a wonderful poke war with a wonderful friend 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... they have been eaten by dragons . 
gets to be in Dekalb for over 12 hours today .... woo hoo .... 
today ! = good (<> for you java users ) 
woohoo , sitting in the basement of stevenson for 4+ hours waiting for my interview .... 
may not be going to school today ..... stupid snow . 
is trying for the umpteenth time to fix his computer 
should have gone to bed about 2 hours ago BUT ..... his computer is now fixed . YAY DESKTOP ! 
wishes he lived in dekalb right about now 
is having terrible dejavu 
had fun driving into campus to the sight of helicopters hoving 
can overhear a guy listening to Tonight , Tonight in the comp-sci lab . My day just got so much better . 
The human being is not meant to go without personal human-to-human interaction . Even those that say they don't need really do need it . Our society today with all its texting and IM'ing is making it easier and easier to fool ourselves into thinking we don't need personal interaction . Some people may seem they don't like to interact , while in reality they are just waiting for someone to ask . 
the Navy is looking very attractive right about now .... 
is on the \alternate list\ " for CA positions for next year .... " 
so my professor today failed to print off the correct test , therefore it is now a test that gets to be taken on Blackboard .... live is great ! 
is it human nature to have things that you cannot have ? 
why is it human nature to want things that you cannot have ? 
wishes when the Northern < PROPFEMALE > would quote him they would actually quote him , not put words that the writer thinks sound good into his mouth 
is wondering why he came to campus today since his one class he really comes for is cancelled today ..... 
stupid computer , give me back my freaking file ! * mutter , mutter , mutter * stupid AVG , and I thought that you were actually good ...... apparently not ..... 
rock climbing makes everything seem so much better :) 
woohoo , lost my desktop again ...... :( 
and so I ask you my friends , what do you consider to be a friend ? 
either just aced his Math 240 exam or bombed it hardcore 
has been quite enjoying the view of the sunrise from his rear-view mirror the past week or so . 
is an idiot . Complete and utter idiot . Enough said . 
is starting to feel the frustrations of a comp-sci student , and he is only in the intro class ! 
is starting to feel the frustrations of a comp-sci student . 
woohoo ! I figured it out ! 
has a feeling today is just going to be a good day . 
SA elections are today . Remember to go out and vote ! You need your NIU OneCard and you can vote at Barsema , DuSab , HSC , Library , Rec Center ! Vote for Quick , Alferez , < PROPMALE > , Hudek ! 
is so excited ! Less than a week !!!!! :D 
hates the annoying spyware that is just a pain to get rid of but doesn't harm your computer . If you are going to make it this annoying atleast do some damage ! 
is so excited for today ! :D 
is not as excited about today as he was earlier , but is now super excited for tomorrow ! :D 
just went running with the best person in the whole world and a bunch of soon to be Navy recruits and had a lot of fun . 
\mighty mysterious carbohydrates floating by\ " ? are you serious ? " 
may have the best schedule he could ever think possible for fall semseter 
is going to go see the helicopters by Stevenson before going home 
didn't know plans could backfire is so many many ways ( I didn't know this many directions was possible from one stinkin plan ) 
more training tonight for my job , whoopee 
Argh , I don't want to do my C++ homework right now but I should get started 
needs to find a study guide for the ASTB 
so .... anybody want to go to my high schools production of < PROPMALE > Miserables on Thursday , April 29th ? I currently have three spare tickets . 
is starting to study for the ASTB .... and needs to remember to call the proctor tomorrow to set up a time to take it . 
is now signed up for the ASTB , now all he has to do is finish finals and study his butt off for this test 
still has two tickets for < PROPMALE > Mis if anybody wants to go ! ( tomorrow , Thurs . 4/29 , 7:30 pm , my highschool ) 
is getting excited for Guild Wars 2 even though it is probably still a year out ...... 
\Whose the more foolish ? The fool or the fool who follows him ? \"" 
well that is just not fair , I go to catch up on filing pictures for work and it won't let me onto the network drive I have to save them to ..... 
did well on his test . Now he just has a ton of forms to fill out before the 20th ( hopefully ) . 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes . It was a good day . 
is almost done with this round of filling out forms for the Navy 
So the room my computer is in is about 91 degrees right now . I love not having the A/C working . 
set fire to everyone around but you . 
hates the freakin news media . 
How will our country ever survive with the ignorance that most people live in ? 
Great , now Obama is making the British hate us ...... 
found Firefly on Hulu .... life is good :) 
Mercy is the < PROPFIRST > of a great man .... guess I am just a good man ..... well , I'm alright .... 
He who takes offense when none is intended is a fool , \ 
he who takes offense when offense is intended is a bigger fool . \ 
-- Confucious 
seems to be forever doomed to wondering where he went wrong . 
wants a stinkin phone call already ..... 
I just want my phonecall . 
really enjoys living within hearing distance of Ribfest :) 
finally got around to checking some programming he got from a professor to look at over the summer and is starting to remember why he loves being a Computer Science < PROPMALE > :) 
is happy the Anet is apparently taking some things from Tabula Rasa and implementing it with Guild Wars 2 :) Yay for TR not being a complete waste ! 
it is just one of those days .... you know ? 
Chicago seems to always make things seem better :) 
Why can't I seem to find anything that I need these days ? 
anybody have a spare SATA cable I can borrow for a day ? I can't find my spare . 
GAH ! Why can't people learn to communicate effectively ? Just wasted 30 < PROPFEMALE > at work doing something that had apparently already been done , but nobody bothered to tell the person whose job it is to do said thing . 
just barely missed beating Melbu Frahma :( 
is outstanding :) 
is in much worse shape than he thought .... 
has a week to get in shape for his fitness test for the Navy ...... 
was somewhat unimpressed with the conclusion to Inception . Good movie though . 
yeah , PRT on Thursday ? We shall see how that goes ..... 
okay my runner friends . Best way to get into shape in a month . Suggestions ? Any and all are welcome . I have some good ideas already , but the more the merrier right ? 
Whee , all moved in , took less than an hour . :) 
Dog Pound Deli , how I have missed thee 
CA interview in a little bit , gotta shower and get ready for that . 
I think that went rather well . 
WOOOHOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
UNIX where have you been all my life ? 
Attempt 2 at the PRT tomorrow afternoon .... I can do it this time . 
is in a really really really really really really really really really really really really good mood . :) 
passed his PRT today and is now all but officially in the Navy ! Just gotta wait for some paperwork to go through . 
just had the Panic ! At the Disco cover of Tonight , Tonight by Smashing Pumpkins come up on Pandora ....... it was the worst butchering of that wonderful song I have heard . :( 
why won't my virtual box let me get to the Ubuntu image on my flash drive anymore ? I need to do homework ! 
seriously people ? Howling at 11:30 ? 
won't get anything done today at this rate . Why hulu ? Why ? 
\Where did I go wrong ? I lost a friend \"" 
just got his CSCI assignment to work and has no idea what he changed so it works ....... 
Please repost this if you know or are related to someone\ 
killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish \ 
is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering \ 
scum . The Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but the \ 
Galactic ... Empire ... continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't \ 
copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Say goodbye to 4 year old phone . Say hello to nice shiny new one ! :) 
end of a stressful week . What better to do than work on some more storyline and dungeons for D&D :) 
oy vey , bed time ..... 
WOOHOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Guess who is officially owned by the US Navy ? 
PLEASE\ 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)\ 
who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in \ 
case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy \ 
and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of \ 
people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the \ 
remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this . 
Goal in life : Watch all of the Lord of the Rings extended versions back to back to back . Check ! ( took about 12 hours ) 
Just got a pie in his face :) Thanks Tierney Brinkman 
Home :) 
New Tron movie .... I approve :) 
New computer is built , now the very lengthy process of transferring data ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! \ 
\ 
Oh , and Serenity RPG for Christmas ? Check ! :D 
Tron the second time was just as good :) 
Death by tray ! 
' Tis a very very sad day . I could not successfully port my Street Hacker to my new computer ( 32-bit to 64-bit issues ) and the publisher for the game has gone out of business and the website is not longer functional . I may never be able to play one of my favorite games every again :( 
