\You can't always get what you want . Yeah you can't always get what you want . But if you try sometime . You just might find . You get what you need . " 

tried to make a fan < PROPFEMALE > for \Its 4 in the morning and I have nothing to do . I'm gonna masturbate . \ " but facebook won't let me so if you agree then like this status " 
I really need to go snowboarding . Otherwise I'm going to kill lots of people really painfully . 
could really go for a zombie apocalypse right now 
is better than you at doing backflips 
fucked himself up today 
just lost the game 
will be back in Durango on Tuesday 
just ate a chicken fried steak covered in gravy with another chicken fried steak on top of it covered in mashed potatoes and drowned in gravy 
minute maid fruit punch is the scariest substance on the face of the earth 
what's brown and in a baby's diaper < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s hand 
hates niggers 
ooooh piece a < PROPFEMALE > 
I hate niggers , spicks , jews , panzies , and booger eatin morons 
guess what everybody 
jimminy kricocksuckinfuckhole 
one more week and all my troubles will fade away 
I find myself comitted to another all nighter which means that at ten this morning I will have gotten a total of five hours of sleep since ten wednesday morning 
is never gonna kiss another man again they're prickly 
feels fucking fantastic for some unknown reason 
I fucking hate it when the corners of my hot pocket get burned and they end up all hard and shit 
I tell the tale of a man with no eyes he sees the truth in a world full of lies 
well Happy Thanksgiving everbody try not to go overboard on all the food ( of course , I know I will ) 
Fuck I must have gained ten pounds and counting I can't stop eating 
what the hell is wrong with me I can't sleep even though I'm so bored all I can do is sit on facebook 
SUNDAY ! SUNDAY ! SUNDAY ! 
So I was listening to Back In Black by AC/DC and I started wondering what exactly he was saying so i decided to look up the song lyrics . I found the lyrics and on the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > there was a section for comments on the meaning of the song and the oly one there said and I quote , \fuck lebron james\ " . it might just be me or the fact that I need sleep but i think that is very fucking funny . " 
my family is driving me insane this is longest I have been home in forever and I might not be able to leave untill next weekend 
sometimes I amaze myself at how well I can cook even if it is just cabinet scavenger food 
just woke up from a dream to realize he was never sleeping to begin with . 
I just saw the most disgusting thing in the world and now I don't think I'll be able to eat anything for the rest of the day 
fuck I was writting something in another tab and I clicked home thinking it was this tab and lost all of my progress so now I have to start over hopefully I can remember it 
who woul've thought that twirling sharp objects around on my finger could've ended badly 
is selling his body to make money to go snowboarding on saturday because purg won't take my season pass that day so if anyone needs sexual favors just let me know 
ABCDEFUCK 
yay for not sleeping again 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 48 HOURS ! You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to make this your status and see what questions you get ! ( 1 up bitches ) 
\Well I was sittin waitin wishin you believed in superstitions . Then maybe you'd see the signs . But lord knows that this world is cruel and I ain't the lord no I'm just a fool and a lovin somebody don't make them love you . \"" 
BONER DAY 
I got TWO TICKETS TO PARADISE 
FUCK YEAH going snowboarding on sunday and all of purg is open 
Love is like the common cold . They both need human contact to spread , yet we would all lead more peaceful and successful lives if neither of them existed . 
Hey somebody I need something to do so if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out or something let me know or call me 
Seriously anybody up for some shananagins I am bored as hell 
WHY AM I ALWAYS HUNGRY !! 
Well I finally broke down and got a bank account and applied for a credit card to start building credit . Yay for debt . 
You know I think its funny but I can't seem to thinik of anything I really want for Christmas . The really confusing thing is that I don't know if that is strange or if I am just content with my life right now . 
I'm gonna take you down into the basement , tie you to the radiator and GRAPE YOU IN THE MOUTH . 
\we're just two lost souls swimmin in a fish bowl year after year running over the same old ground how we found the same old fears wish you were here \"" 
I seem to be stuck in a classic rock conundrum 
the sign said long haired freaky people need not apply 
FUCK YEAH ALL OF PURG WILL BE OPEN ON SUNDAY 
so what's everybody up to for winter break 
of all the things i can't do because i'm blind the only one that pisses me off is that I can't get up to the mountain and snowboard ( kind of sad0 
Hey if anyone wants to do something today call me or something cause I'm fucking bored as hell 
It's been one long fucking night 
Last night ... 
oh damn we all need to go to bed soon or < PROPFEMALE > won't put our presents under the tree well good night everyone < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
should be coming into town around 4 or so if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with me and < PROPFIRST > let me know 
Fuck this I am damn tired of second place so if they say you snooze you lose I'm setting an alarm 
Ponder ponder ponder .... 
IT'S PIKACHU !!! 
I miss the calming sensation brought forth by the ever-present turmoil spinning around in my mind growing faster and faster as the days seemed to pass without a second thought but it seems only panic and worry remain leaving me wondering \Why do I ......... \"" 
stole pokemon snap off of the internet and was playing it today don't care how gay it is that game is awesome 
holy frijoles its the cleavagefield monster 
Well i think its high time I remove myself from reality and act like the world isn't full of problems . What else are video games for ? 
Its times like these that I wonder why humans exist . The majority of people in the world are miserable and can't stop dwelling over all of their problems . Yet even though most people admit that they aren't the only ones in the world with problems and that most people have it worse than they do , not very many people actually stop and do anything to help one another .... 
... Now I find myself wondering if humanity will ever wake up and stop fucking itself in the ass , or if a large portion of the population just needs to kick back and suck down some of that delicious \punch\ " . I'm kinda feelin one of those < PROPMALE>'s Arch moments . " 
stupid statuses and haveing a limit to how long they can be 
SHUT THE FUCK UP how bout that 
come on longhorns get your shit together 
FUCK ALABAMA 
I'll be in town tomorro so if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with me and < PROPFIRST > let me know . Should be getting in around 1pm and will be in town over night . 
hmm something tells me I shouldn't be awake right now , but at three I realized I would have to be up in three hours so I decided to skip the sleep part 
yay for wiplash 
mom says I can't go to sleep untill my head stops hurting but it hurts really bad and I'm really tired 
WHY AM I ALWAYS BORED ( a little diferrent to fit me but props if anyone gets the reference ) 
the muscles in my neck are saying \YOU SHOULDN\ " T HAVE SMACKED YOUR HEAD OFF THE GROUND \"" 
Fuck yeah butterscotch < PROPFEMALE > 
\Sitting on the park bench eyeing little girls with bad intent Snot is running down his nose greasy fingers smearing shabby clothes Aqualung Drying in the cold sun Watching as the frilly panties run Aqualung Feeling like a dead duck spitting out pieces of his broken luck Whoa aqualung \"" 
Just finished eating two delicious bacon sandwhiches withsome cheeseburger on them . Probably the best thing I've eaten in quite some time . 
Get back in your cage , Lion . 
Well fuck me six ways from a sideways sunday . It is way later than I thought it was . Shit I guess I'm off to bed . 
Nad oes gennych ffordd o wybod < PROPFEMALE > iaith yw hyn . 
\I hope your cellmate thinks he's God But C.N.N. refer to him as \ " Bowling Ball Bag Bob\ " Serving time again for abuse of a corpse Only this time the victim's a Clydesdale horse While he masturbates to photos of livestock He does the \ " Silence of the Lambs\ " dance to Christian Rock Eats feces and quotes from \ " Deliverance\ " And fights with his imaginary playmate Vince \"" 
holy crap I was actually playing my guitar today and I ended up with a pretty sweet riff 
FFUUUUUCCKK !! I can't sleep and I need to wake up pretty early tomorro . This sucks 
wearing sunglasses in the house ... 
FUCK YEAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got approved for SSI being blind is awesome 
points don't matter just like strippers ' names 
“If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character . Would you slow down ? Or speed up ? ” - < PROPMALE > Palahniuk 
I usually like snow but lately its been PISSING ME OFF ! 
bitch you better back off my juice box ...... I WILL FUCK YOUR WORLD IF YOU DON'T!!! 
oh if I had wings , there are plenty of things , that I would do , like fly to you , and if someone took my wings away , I'd hope to see you one day , and I'd pray that the days would go quickly by , oh god why can't time fly 
hmmm , this is the first time in a long time that I feel relieved to be back at my house 
My mind is raceing yet I can't seem to retain anything . Its like I just ran 10 < PROPMALE > and I'm still standing exaclty where I started . 
\Everyone has problems . Don't let not being able to see past their's be one of yours . \"- wouldn't you like to know " 
Holy crap the ballroom at the Iron Horse collapsed 
OH CRAP HOW DO I GET OUT OF THIS DRYER ?!? 
Apparently my blue card came in the mail while I was gone last weekend and my mom can't remember where she put it . 
yay for urban dictionary , < PROPMALE > -Guy with an incredibly huge penis and is totally awsome compared to any bitch ass Russians . ( if you know anybody named < PROPMALE > next time you see him give him a high five unless your a chick in that case give him a hug but no fatties ) < PROPMALE > is that guy at school or in your town that your totally in love or gay for unless your his friend 
HOLY CRAP I'm actually looking at information about colleges and stuff . 
every traitor is consumed 
In a river of blood they boil . 
might have torn a muscle in my abdomin . mot sure but this definitly doesn't feel good 
so I was takeing a shower and about half way through I decided to switch to a bath so I layed down and filled up the tub and the next thing you know I wake up in a bathtub full of water apparently I was asleep for about an hour but damn to I feel great now 
War was fucking OSSUM ! I had more fun than I could've ever imagined . 
hmmm ... now that I'm back at home I am bored as hell . Someone should invite me to do something this weekend . If you do I'll be eternally gratefull . Otherwise I'll be here at my house all week and all weekend . 
pondering the mysteries of life with more than just a second thought to how things could've and maybe even should've turned out 
what is life but love and laughter , torn in two by chaotic rapture 
Vengence keeps you warm at night 
An old man sits collecting stamps In a room all filled with Chinese lamps He saves what others throw away He says that he'll be < PROPMALE > someday We know of an ancient radiation That haunts dismembered constellations A faintly glimmering radio station While < PROPFIRST > Sinatra sings \Stormy Weather\ " The flies and spiders get along together Cobwebs fall on an old skipping record " 
HAH ! A 7th grade education and two trimesters of scattered high school and somehow I score in the 98th percentile for the state of CO and in the 97th for the entire country on my ACT . 
WOW !!! My respect for olympic figure skaters has been completely refreshed . After going ice skateing last weekend and reminding myself how hard it is , I just can't see how they do what they do . 
Combine Cake's entire discography with a night full of killing zombies and what do you get ? WIN ! That's what . 
perhaps ... perhaps ... perhaps . 
I feel off . I don't know why and I can't really describe it , but something just doesn't feel right . 
Thinking about going ice skating tomorrow from 2:30 - 4:45 . ( or something like that ) Anybody want to join ? ( There may be sex involved . Who knows ? ) 
This is paper mache . YOU GUYS SUCK ! 
WAIT ! You're saying that two cups is eight cups and that half of two cups is three cups ? 
I'm so stoked you wouldn't believe , I got more energy than my body can receive , more than any human should be able to handle , searching for the flame that lit this candle , like a flame burning inside of me , lighting the fuse to ten thousand pounds of TNT , and it blows up , and it goes up , out of the atmosphere , and all of this is compressed in one single tear 
\I'm so badass I eat teeth . \ " \ " Your own teeth ? \ " \ " No . That would be stupid . \"" 
Ah the sunrise is so beautiful . 
Ah but one of the commentaries slipped from a mouth whats eyes have not much seen their lids . 
\Good morning LIfe . \ " \ " Good morning < PROPMALE > how are you ? \ " \ " Not so good Life . It would appear that sleep has eluded me once again . \ " \ " Why is that ? \ " \ " Well ... " 
cinamon rolls for dinner 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm homemade chicken and bacon pizza at like three in the morning 
\He can make you love . He can make you cry . He will bring you down . He will get you high . Something keeps him going < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > away to find another place to play . And night after night who treats you right ? Baby it's the guitar man . \"" 
What the hell is with me and sleep or more so not doing it . 
\What light through yonder window breaks ? \ " \ " Aw fuck you mean it's sunrise again . I need to sleep sometime soon . \"" 
Just a small town girl 
purpose 
The clock that is supposed to tell me when to sleep and give me a sense of what time of day it is is completely fucked . Seriously it's about as acurate as a sundiaal in Antarctica . Sleep occurs seldomly and I feel like it should be around 8:00 pm right now . 
and the award for insomniac of the year goes to ... < PROPMALE > Maddox seriously I'm starting to fear for my health . I thought really hard about it and I've gotten less than ten hours of sleep in the last 100 hours or so . 
( Insert inspiring phrase that makes people think about the depth of my current mindset ) 
Well goodbye everyone . I regret to inform all of you that I started playing WoW yesterday and I may not return to the world of the living anytime soon . 
Did you see me lay down the law ? I am the Lawgiver . 
FUCK YOU THURSDAY ! 
I had a dream last night that felt so real and seemed like so many days that when I woke up I had no idea what day it was or what I had done for the last three or four days . 
Sometimes I wonder ... What does Mars taste like ? 
is back from Mars . It turns out that it doesn't taste anything like marinara sauce . 
I feel both accomplished and lame right now . My little brother was watching some cartoon in the other room and I recognized one of the character's voices as < PROPFEMALE > from Digimon . 
I'm Spartacus ! 
I ... had ... the ... most awesome day ... ever . Now I will go collapse and ide . 
\Adjectives on the typewriter He moves his words like a prize fighter The frenzied pace of the mind inside the cell ... ... I'm so nervous I'm so tense My heart can't forget about this self defense The air is so hot and my breath comes fast I thumb the cool blade but I know this can't last \"" 
?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? 
Why can't I have a working set of headphones for more than a week or two ? I'm on my sixth set in the last two months or so and guess what they broke today . 
a million points to whoever can find a way to help me pass about an hour or so 
I have too many things that I want to do . I'm equally interested in each of them so they are kind of canceling each other out to the point where I can't be enthusiastic about any of them . 
Good news - Christmas came early this year . Bad news - It's all over your back . 
I think I need a new profile picture . Anyone have an idea ? 
Total slaughter . Total slaughter . I won't leave a single man alive . La di da di died ... Genocide . La di da di dud ... an ocean of blood . Let's begin the killing time . 
is posting his first status on his new laptop . 
Hey everyone . I was wanting to play some groundies this weekend so who's up for getting a massive game together tonight . ( that's Friday for those of you who don't acknowledge midnight as the turn of the day ) 
aaaaaaagghhhhh 
I can't seem to finish any 
\Oh but everybody thinks\ 
Fucrap ! 
It seems as if optimism is a fadeing concept . 
just read the list of tournaments for Grand Outlandish and I can't wait untill this weekend . 
That was a long cold trip . I hope I never do that again . \ 
\ 
p.s. it is really hard to type when you can't feel your fingers 
Maybe you should've been the right guy . That's your problem . You had the wrong attitude right out of the gate . 
Well I think I got more exercise in the last four days than I did in the three months before them . Outlandish was awesome ! I fought way more than any person should and I managed to win fifty bucks . Unfortunately I won't be home for very long . I have to leave for Texas at the end of this week so if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with me before the end of June ( or maybe even the beginning of July ) you should contact me soon . 
Well I'll be heading out for Texas as soon as we get everyone/everything into the vehicle . Goodbye Colorado . Hello LOOOONG drive . 
and the sunburn begins ... 
the adventure continues ... 
Whoa ! Yeah . That did all happen ... 
is stopping off for a wedding by Waco . I should be leaving for Colorado in the morning though . 
My liver hates Texas . 
Delays . Delays . Delays . Delays . My mother has to be the worst at making trips on schedule . We ended up sitting around Waco all day today and now we are stopped at a motel with way more of this trip left than there should be . 
Home ... 
\Your shadow walks faster than you . You don't really know what to do . Do you think you're not alone ? You really think that you're immune to ... It's gonna get the best of you . It's gonna lift you up and let you down . It will defeat you then teach you to get back up . After it takes away all that you've learned to love . \"" 
\I want a girl with a mind like a diamond . \"" 
Fuck you faulty autosave system . 
Introducing < PROPFIRST > Michaelson and Adler Hitlof . 
I'm just not putting enough effort into this . 
Without hate there would be no warmth in love . Without war peace would never be apreciated . Without sadness happiness wouldn't feel so good . Without death there would be no thrill in life . Without mistakes there would be no learning . \ 
The very things that bring you down are the only reason you ever notice being lifted up . 
needs to get out of this coma . 
kicked some serious ass at war . I did a lot better in the tournaments than I thought I would and the melees were great too . 
is consumed by vacancy . 
\ts really too bad . He became a prisoner of his own past . He stabbed the moment in the back with the round thumbtack that held up the list of things he's gotta do . Its really no good . He's moving on before he understood . He shot the future in the foot with every step he took . From the places that he's been cause he forgot to look . Better staple it together and call it bad weather . \"" 
Why the hell can't I shake this . \ 
FUCK OFF ! 
Quote of the day - \She knows her way around a < PROPMALE > . I tell you what . \"" 
Luck has never been my forte . 
perv < PROPFEMALE > = fear 
I've been feeling rather philisophical lately . I've been writting like crazy and I still feel like there is more to say . I just can't quite put my finger on it . Then again I could just be talking to myself way too much . Well I guess I'll either end up saying some things that are really wise and worth hearing or I'll solidify my place in the local looney bin . 
Let's\ 
see how creative my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that\ 
you think best describes ME using the 1st letter of your first name . It\ 
can only be one word - no more than one word . When you are done , copy \ 
& paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
Ponder . Ponder . Ponder . Question . Question Question . Scheme ? Perhaps . Perhaps not ... Thoughts ... Thoughts ... Thoughts ... 
I have a list of ten facts about myself . Some are completely random and some are quite interesting . If you comment on this status with a number between one and ten I will send you a message with the corresponding fact . You only get one fact though so be sure about the number you choose . If you're really brave make your own list and repost this as your status . 
Lonely Mountain . You've been up too long in the midnight sky . 
so I'm thinking on keeping my hair short for a while which means I would be cutting it pretty soon . I thought I'd ask for some second opinions first though . Should I go ahead and cut it or should I grow it out again ? Opinions would be greatly appreciated . 
I must really be bored . I can't believe I'm about to do this , but here goes . 
That took way too long . 
I swear that I'm going to kill this fly if I have to blow up my entire house to do it ! \ 
LEAVE ME ALONE !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Technically it's morning , sooooo ... Poptarts ? I think yes . 
I'm tired of watching my life in third person . I'm tired of knowing what I need to do with my life and not being able to make myself do it . 
On one hand there is the possibility of ascension beyond the normal parameters of reality . On the other hand there is the possibility of slipping into a state of further delirium . \ 
Which one will it be ? 
\A whole new world ... \"" 
Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? \ 
Well you should and if yo do give me a call or leave a comment . 
AAGHH-GAH-ga-FUCK ! I hate mosquitoes ! 
Wow . My ears are still ringing . 
ringing . ringing . ringing . FUCKING RINGING ! 
LIfe is full of surprises . Unless you can see the future . Then it's full of moments where you act surprised so nobody learns your secret . 
Like this status and something random will happen to you in the future . \ 
( results may vary ) 
has been way too in to Cyle Talley lately and I'm not the only one either . ( you all know who you are ) Really though , good stuff for sure . It actually makes me want to get back into legitimately writing songs again . Although , that would require a lot more effort than I see myself committing to . I really wish I could dedicate myself to things better . 
Ahhhhhhh . I am so glad I decided to shave .. 
They say that hell is other people , so when I die * whispers creepily * I'll be inside of you . 
Sinatra you are so classy . 
really needs an epic adventure . Any ideas/volunteers ? 
Why are we all so nocturnal ? What reason do we have to fear the sun ? \ 
( I swear the first lack of pigment joke is gonna get a 45 caliber vaccination for obviousness . ) 
WWAAAAAZZZAA-KABAAM !! Explosion ! SSSHHi-DAMN ! \ 
My brain just exploded and it feels Grreeat . 
Totally stalking the SHIT out of some people right now . \ 
Maybe I should go to sleep sometime today and wake up when my brain regains some functionality , but then again ... 
I found a fun new game to play . I'm sure you are all familiar with the wikipedia game where you start on one < PROPFEMALE > and try to get to a specific other < PROPFEMALE > . Well I was on youtube and I decided to play that with music . Pick any two bands ( or songs if you want ) and then start at one and try to reach the other by clicking on the suggested videos . 
Ah picking up the guitar again for the first time in quite a while . Time to enjoy some late night/early morning strumming . 
They say I'm all about the wordplay . 
Wow . My fingers are completely retarded right now . I keep having to correct words left and right because I just type them all wrong . Yay for finger dislexia . Really though , in this status there were four that I had to retype . 
Don't spend so much time planning for life that it passes you by before you get the < PROPMALE > to live it . 
Waking up to the sound of , \Quick the horses are out ! Get up and let's go ! \ " is not the most pleasant of things I must say . " 
This is the shortest my hair has been in over five years . I don't know how to feel about it . 
Your quality of life is based solely on your ability to lie to yourself . 
Rain rain go away so I can run and find somewhere better to stay . 
Stealing electricity from Albertsons and internet from an unknown source after my cross town journey to hide from the rain . 
Hey you . 
Rio will have loaner lights gear soon . Huzzah ! 
Ninja turtles must have a hard time using computers . It is really hard to type . 
I'm finally stationary . Oh and I'M DONE WITH FREEZE OUT ! 
uuuuhhhhhg . I feel like someone just set a wood splitter on my head and then smacked it with a thirty pound sledge hammer . 
The darkest hour never comes in the night . 
YESSSS !!! College stuff is finally getting figured out . I only have one more meeting to go to tomorrow and then I'll have all of my stuff ready to go . I move into the dorms on the 26th and I'm set from there . 
Gainer to face ... 
My college classes = an interesting cake-walk 
What ever happened to the young man's heart ? 
Not sure how I feel about walking into my house with dirt and grime up to my elbows , blood spots and other various filthiness all over my pants , and a good number of minor injuries . On second thought , I do know how to feel about this . I believe a shower is imminent . 
\With everything ahead of us\ 
Every time I make brownies and eat the leftover mix I can't help but wonder why you're supposed to bake them . 
My dreams are crushed . I just realized that I won't live long enough to watch Pluto complete its first full orbit around the sun since the day it was discovered . \ 
Although oddly enough , Neptune will be doing just that as soon as next year . 
is at Durango < PROPFIRST>'s on College for Cyle Talley's last < PROPFIRST>'s show for a while at least . \ 
Oh and that question you just asked yourself , the answer is yes . You do want to come by and check it out . 
just found out that inception is possible in our reality . It's not crazy and epic like the movie and has far less moments of that guy who played handsome < PROPMALE > in RockiNRolla being a badass , but it is possible . 
You ever wonder if your personality is just a lie that you've been telling for so long that even you have accepted it as the truth ? 
It is SOOO bright out today . 
It's funny how I consider going to bed before 1am as going to bed early . Hopefully I can get these few things done and get to bed by then . I guess it's a step towards sleeping better for college . It's a small one for sure , but a step none the less . 
Sometimes I want to just copy someone else's status , word for word , just to see if they notice 
SWWWWWWEEEETT !!! I am all moved in . It's damn nice to have a room . 
College ... LOL ! LOL ! LOL ! 
Man , I walked/skated around way too much today . 
HEY EVERYONE ! You should all tune in to KDUR 93.9 and 91.9 or go to kdur.org and listen to your favorite local DJs . 
First college class down . 
Thought bomb ! 
Well now I can say I've attended almost all of my classes once . I've still got one more tomorrow that is only once a week , but my other basic introductions are all done . It's starting to look like a good semester . Lots of reading and a good amount of work , but hopefully it remains enjoyable . 
Aced my first college quiz without even reading the material that the quiz was on . \ 
and for the first time I didn't want to leave a class when it ended . Philosophy is good stuff . 
... 
If manage to keep up with my classes doing things like I have been even I will be impressed with myself . 
Fuck my shoulder . It popped out of socket twice today , once yesterday , and once the day before . Why the hell can't it just stay in its proper place and function like it is supposed to ? 
Fuck ! This stupid shoulder won't go back into its proper socket . It has been dislocated for over five minutes now . \ 
I also wonder why I bother typing this with one hand when I should be fixing my shoulder , but then again it doesn't want to be fixed at the moment . 
The dislocation < PROPFEMALE > payed me a visit last night . Somehow my shoulder went back into place while I was sleeping and it didn't wake me up . \ 
In other news I had a pretty epic discussion in philosophy today . I was just about the only person willing to contest the writings of G . E . Moore or at lest force them into a specific region instead of accepting them straight out . 
Wow ! I walk back into my dorm to find every inch of it other than my room covered in toilet paper . Literally it is like a spider web throughout the living room and my suite-mates rooms . On my room's door there is a neat bow made out of toilet paper and a note that says , \Sorry for the mess . <3 anonymous \"." 
Damn . I was hoping that my suite-mates would clean up all of this toilet paper while I was asleep . but two of them didn't even come back to the dorm last night . Needless to say , the one guy that did was not any more motivated to clean it all up than I was . 
Something is so very wrong here . I wonder if it has something to do with the fact that I have class in about five hours ? 
Well shit . I guess I'm not gonna try to do laundry after all . 
Well fuck if I don't just hate the rain right now . 
Song idea coming together . Need to get musical aspects figured out , finish up lyrical progression , and put everything together , but it sound awesome in my head . 
I burned my shadow away . 
More progress on my song . I've got just about everything done inside my head . I just have to get it all out and situate it how I want it . 
just finished with over an hour of ping-pong . Now for some UFC . Not sure if sleep is gonna happen . 
I got a new bike today ... and proceeded to make it far less new by biking a total of like ten < PROPMALE > immediately after purchasing it . 
Contemplating things to be done . There just isn't enough time in the world . 
Is it just me or is it way hotter than it should be . I feel completely justified in my < PROPFEMALE > to just sit around naked and not do a damn thing . Unfortunately some people don't want me to do that and I can't afford to have them get me kicked out of my dorm . 
powdered donuts and chocolate milk ... \ 
... I believe this equals WIN ! 
just found out that you can play as the duck in Duck < PROPMALE > . 
well I wrote some words \ 
and made some rhymes \ 
to reminisce \ 
about the times \ 
I've spent with you \ 
and enjoyed so much \ 
getting to hear your voice \ 
and feel your touch \ 
I know I haven't had you for long \ 
but it is true all the same \ 
the fact that I didn't find you sooner \ 
is nothing shy of a shame 
and thus concludes National Racism Day . I hope everyone else enjoyed it as much as I did . 
Well shit . I did it . My Halloween costume has officially been decided and ordered . I'm really not sure if I'm okay with this . 
Sooooooo Muuuch Foooooooood . I think I'm about to either puke or just explode . 
\Half of my heart's got a real good imagination . Half of my heart's got you . Half of my heart's got a right mind to tell you that half of my heart won't do . Half of my heart is a shotgun wedding to a girl with a paper ring . Half of my heart is the part of a man that's never truly loved anything . \"" 
Fuck ! I know I should be responsible right now and get shit done , but I've been doing homework way too much lately . I just want to sit back and not do a damn thing for a little while , but I can't until I get my stupid annotated bibliography done . 
Really ? I'm gonna do this ? -Like my status and I'll post to your wall : 1 ) Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 ) The color you remind me of . 3 ) My first memory of you . 4 ) The animal you remind me of . 5 ) Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 ) My favorite thing about you . 7 ) Give you a weird nickname . 8 ) Challenge you to post this 
Go ! Go ! Power Rangers ! 
Thank You to everyone who wished me a happy birthday both on and off of facebook . I appreciate it a lot . 
Fuck ! I didn't really expect to have as much frustration towards my first philosophy paper as I am in fact having . It's not like I'm having any problems comprehending what I need to right or even getting it onto the paper . I'm just annoyed by how meticulous I'm having to be with it . 
\It's really too bad . He became a prisoner of his own past . He stabbed the moment in the back with the round thumb-tack that held up the list of things he's gotta do . It's really no good . He's moving on before he understood . He shot the future in the foot with every step it took . \"" 
If I did happen to be the only thing in existence , I would like to think I would've made things a bit easier on myself in this fake reality . 
Okay , so I woke up at the but-crack of early and now I've got some serious paper writing to do . 
Hell Yeah ! Turned in my paper . Officially done with that shit . 
Well folks , it is in fact Halloween . You now what that means . 
really should do laundry , but I'm probably not going to . 
Stupid peer reviews , COWER BENEATH MY FEET ! ( my computer feet that is ) Totally done with that bullshit . Now about that ten < PROPFEMALE > paper that's due in the morning ... 
Well fuck if that isn't disappointing . I just found out that my computer saved my ten < PROPFEMALE > paper that I worked my ass off to write yesterday morning in the wrong format . I had to upload it to turn it in and , since it was the wrong file type , my teacher didn't give me any credit for it because she couldn't open the file . 
Time to grab a quick nap , wake up in a few hours , write a ten < PROPFEMALE > paper , and get everything else in the world done before philosophy class . Tuesdays have become quite shitty as of late . I always seem to have ass-fuck-tons of homework due on Tuesday . 
If society was a machine , would we be the gears that make it turn or simply the fuel that helps it burn ? 
Honors class was canceled today . I am so glad to have two extra hours in my day . 
Finished my paper , started reading for my class in half an hour , learned I could make my snaps < PROPFEMALE > down the hallway , made small talk with people that may or may not have actually existed , and now I'm hoping to grab breakfast . 
I would also like to point out that cocaine addiction is the leading cause of cocaine addiction in the United States today . 
Well I wasted the last two hours doing absolutely nothing seeing as my philosophy class got canceled . Quite the bummer indeed . 
Today was really really fucking loooonngg . 
Finally got a new phone . After some large amount of years , of which the exact number of I have forgotten , I finally get to retire that old phone . 
Happiness isn't getting what you want . It's wanting what you've got . 
You know what ... FUCK YOU comp 250 ! Such a fucking bitch move . 
Hey , Is anyone going up to purg on Friday that might want to give their friendly neighborhood albino a ride ? I can pitch a little money for gas so there is a benefit to giving the blind man a ride . 
Fuck ! It's already Seven and I still have a 4-5 < PROPFEMALE > paper to write before 10 . 
Damn you classes I want to take and being so full . 
I must say that I've learned a lot in the last 24 hours , but one important fact stands above the rest . When your ounces consumed per second of monster exceed 1.0 for more than 10 seconds , bad shit is sure to happen and may continue to happen throughout the day . 
< PROPMALE > , we have a problem . 
Fuck . I feel like blended shit . Not to mention my sequence of shi t-t astic luck . This is just not my morning and it hasn't been since about 12:30 . 
I have defeated these essays against all odds . A total of 16 pages typed while I was sick all day . More than half of those were typed while throwing up in a previously empty three liter bottle that I cut the top out of . That students , is true academic achievement . 
Done with the entire semester . Now if I could just stop being sick , I could enjoy my winter break . 
Dad's remedy for whatever the hell I've got - hot tea with < PROPFEMALE > and a good amount of crown < PROPMALE > ... We'll see how this turns out . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! 
\It's too dark to see the landmarks . I don't want your good luck charms . I ope your waiting for me across your carpet of stars . \"" 
I used to enjoy watching the dominoes fall ... 
I truly hate myself right now . 
( insert intellectual and semi-poetic statement that really makes the reader think about life and feel some sort of deep but almost unnoticed connection to the thoughts that went into it here ) 
