Will start coming online on Fridays/Saturdays ... can't leave drawing board until project finished . 

... my mind went blank for a moment there ... 
I'm wondering ... where did common sense go ? When did it decide to abandon us to a world filled with utter stupidity ? 
One more month . Really got to keep moving . 
I officially hate religion and politics now . As far as I'm concerned the Age of Reason is a bloodied hoax . Leave me to see in shades of grey ' cause there's no reason for me to see in black and white . 
There's the Heritage Fest happening today ... best day to get away from the drawing board ^_^ 
Working on website ... about to go home and back to drawing up the rest of those pages ... 
A smooth guy tried to catch me off guard ... thank God for the < PROPFEMALE > and common sense to deal with him . Now its ' back to the drawing board . 
5 hours of sleep and I'm still kicking it . 
Got back from < PROPMALE > Mart and International Festival ... boy are my feet hurting ... ;^^; 
Its ' so frigid ... love it when it rains , but the wind is too much . 
This weather is playing havoc on my senses ! I'm praying that the sun will pop up tomorrow^^ ; 
3 hours of sleep and I'm still up ... what's going on here ? Maybe it was the late night rain that did it . 
I feel like a kid again ... I'm studying < PROPMALE > Jones and Looney Toons for the hell of it . Reminds me of how cartoons used to be done ... and how life was before losing one's innocence . Reality is harsh , but its ' not enough to destroy the curiosity of a child , something I'm glad to still have some of . 
Blah ... currently brain dead . 
Finally a < PROPFEMALE > November day ! Took long enough ! 
Do you ever have the feeling that a door opened , but you don't know where to find it ? 
Life is a doozy ... knowing how harsh it can be makes you even more thankful you have a place you can come back to . 
Bloodied hell ... why can't I get some peace ! Cold , wet days like this is causing me untold havoc . It still can't keep me away from a pencil and sketchbook . 
I'm counting down the days . I know its ' a little early , but need more time to get a new year resolution ready . 
Three more hours til the new year ... I got my resolution ready , what about the rest of you ? Here's hoping that everyone enjoy these last hours of 2010 ! 
Decided to kick back and watch some anime ... Trigun , DBZ , and Tekkaman Blade is on the list for today . While at it draw some more :) Any one out there watched really good anime worth watching ? Looking for recent , out of the box mentality type ... can't have too much action you know ? 
Its ' getting ready to snow up here ... about time :) 
Stupidity reigns as people lose friendships over money ... I hate it . 
Its ' raining its ' pouring , who the hell is snoring ? Going back indoors and not too soon :) 
Writing , drawing and more drawing all the while having FF XIII OST blasting in the background ... its ' sweet getting back into the zone . 
This town finally knows how to rebound from snow :) No use staying inside , just got to go go go ! 
Preparing for next month ... First convention , first time in the Artist Alley . 
I'm moving through a haze of emotion at the moment , but it'll dissipate soon . Time to let go and move on . 
Going to stay up til 6 in the morning and get some drawing in while listening to some Jet Set Radio ... at least that's the plan :) For now , I'm going to chill at the library and get some comic pages done ... 
Got a lot to do , so got to go , go , go ! 
Didn't sleep til 7 in the morn ... I'm still up and kicking , and still thinking of what to do until my body decides to kick it . 
My netbook wire is fried ... my music is gone and so are my game references ... oh well , I'm still with a mp3 player and got some old mags laying around . Gotta improvise til next week ... which is also the weekend of the con ... this coulda been lame , but I'm finding some good in it . 
Nervous like hell ... three days , 7 hrs and I'm starting to really feel the heat . 
Tomorrow , Nashicon awaits ... I feel I'm ready after using yesterday to work on and finish my first mini comic :) Got some more to do , but I'm glad I'll have a little more time before going onto the battlefield^^ ; 
In Columbia now :D Time to see where the road goes from here . 
Man , back in Spartanburg but really really want to leave again ... got a < PROPMALE > case of wanderlust that only moving will cure . You know you been in one place too long when everytime you think about returning \home\ " you say damn instead yay ... " 
Finished with BlueBlinda One , launching it from the presses in two weeks :) Also back to working on Il destino Cremisi ... Crimson Kismet(in other words : Strands of Fate ) . Going to try(try is the key word)to get it ready for the Xeric < PROPMALE > later this year(took too long to figure everything out ) . 
Wind feels good , going through life like this here breeze ... these are the kind of days to be thankful for ... that and confronting people who thought you didn't have a clue . Sigh ... glad to be alive and kicking :) 
You know when you catch a person in a lie ? They go blank and shut the fuck up for once ... until they think they can pull it off on another person . At that point I just think : if they end up in the er , oh well ... I don't give a damn . Life is easier dealing with one asshole at a time ... 
Tch ... the closer it gets to May , the more anxious I get ... 
Spring Fling's going on , but all I want to do is draw . Got too much to do to stop now ( even though this is a small break :P ) ... 
I'm lacking sleep . Need to count sheep . 
Gah !!!! To the people who CLAIM they're real : Spare me . There's no use to announce it if others know you are or aren't . Oh and don't bother with that \she's hatin'\ " shit ... here's a point-blank fuck you for wanting to escape the truth :\ " real\ " is overrated in a world full of copies ... where everyone is labled and/or stereotyped >:-P " 
Ladies and gentlemen , here's the new product you're asking for : Tunnel Vision ! Look in awe as everything thing around you is focused on you and only you ! Play ignorant to the chaos that all are born into ! Say that ' Oh I'm living ' only to be blind to the reality that you are ' dying'! Purchase one today ! Only costs one eye and your soul :D 
I'm not crazy about the mundane ... when life gets too mundane , then something's not happening . That's why its ' good to have a few nuts loose :D 
Thanks for the b-day words :) Hearing them makes life brighter :D Lots of love to you guys and gals ! 
I'm back online to try and finish a website while drawing concept pieces at the same time ... multitasking helps sometimes^^ ; 
There is necessity for some chaos ... point in case : Linux Ubuntu decides to die on my comp resulting in the lost of old writings ... but gives me reason to start anew and makes me thankful for having my artwork on Windows^^ ; God is good :) 
Taking life by the balls and then tossing it over a goalpost ... its ' all good . Its ' sweet knowing you're close to accomplishing a < PROPMALE > goal :D 
So tired , tired of waiting , tired of waiting for youuuuu ... :D I'm just in the zone right now , getting ready for what else comes my way ... I'm patient ... yep^^ ; 
Living here is good , but it gives us limited perspective on what's going on in the world . That's sad , considering that its ' us who are being left behind . 
Got published in Gold Digger's Swimsuit issue :) Thought it was going to be in the end of summer one , but got a surprise in my mail today ... :D 
In Greenville right now . Just finished getting a little business done and now waiting to go back ... got the feeling that I won't return in a long time . 
I live on the border of obscurity , just peering into the tides that keeps me from living a deadend reality . Sometimes its ' better to be anonymous than to be known ... I mean what good is it to have everyone say they know you , and yet not acknowledge your true self ? 
I'm on an all-nighter ... two pages to post tomorrow and two requests to finish . At least this keeps me on my toes :) 
Gah ... stratch yesterday's post ... looks like it'll be either Monday or Tuesday^^ ; Don't you just love it when all your activities revolve around what you enjoy ? Its ' good to have the energy to just do what you really love(even after finishing everything you hate ) . 
Two more months ... time's running out(thank God ... ) . 
This is my last post for a good while . I decided to focus my energies on tying up some loose ends . I got more to say but I'll be better off staying tactful . All of you stay frosty . 
I'm done . No more posting what's happening on my side of the world . I'll send messages to those I want to share this walk with instead . Sayonara :) 
There's always a little truth behind every lie ... it takes alot to reach it though^^ ; 
When it comes to emotions , homo sapiens can be so masochistic ... 
A < PROPMALE > shift is coming and sometimes I wonder if I'll be able to keep my head above the surface . All I can do is wait and see , instead of panicking only to drown . 
A great sayonara , aidos , ciao and goodbye to SC ! May I get close to the flame and not get burned ... 
To go further is worth the price of admission ... its ' better than wasting time on that which will never change ... 
Frustrated . That's all I'm feeling right now ... so losing what < PROPFEMALE > I do have considering its ' getting colder up here ! 
What does it mean to be human ? Everyone has a different idea ... 
I'm introverted and proud of it ! It doesn't mean I'm shy , it means leave me to my thinking and I'll get back to you :) 
I'm proud that I have natural hair . I know who I am , and I don't have to live a lie every time I look in the mirror . Now that's something I'm thankful for ! 
Why does this feel like < PROPFEMALE > vu ? Do you have those moments of familiarity when it feels like remembering a dream ? 
To all a happy Thankgiving :) Keep safe , be happy , and don't do anything stupid(but only if you can help it ) or let anything happen to ruin this day . 
Flurries and bone chilling cold ... that's what I get for trying to live in NY . Not enough to damper my spirits ... in fact its ' more than enough to laugh . \ 
Movie on the list to watch tonight : Sanjuro :) Sanjuro's theme in Yojimbo is stuck in my head^^ ; 
Well , after this post I'm staying offline so that pages/sketches can be done . Can't be working on the tablet every day ... besides its ' a rainy day . Don't want to be soaked and my imagination is working at its peak ... better time than any ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone :) Enjoy the last few hours of this day to the fullest ! 
I'm ready to get out of the house for a bit . Too depressed and frustrated to stay in considering the Christmas I had . Outside stress is no joke especially after this big blizzard that hit Sunday . So here go hoping that the crisp air help clear my head up a bit . 
I'm waiting for a new tablet stylus now ... need to invest in a Intuos one of these days . There's no worries especially when I got a mechanical pencil and nib/ink to play with :) 
Got the friggin ' flu ... Hate it when I get sick ! To add to that , its about to snow again ... this is a bad joke . 
Anyone know of a good movie to see ? I'm been thinking of Tron Legacy , but I know there has to be something of substance worth watching(I'm an action junkie , but I'm not willing to toss some caso out the window on some shiny crap ) . 
Decided to just go see Tangled ... I'm not as crazy for Disney movies like I used to be , but its ' directed by Pixar's < PROPFIRST > Lasseter ( meaning a < PROPMALE > of it being good)^^ ; Even though I liked the original Tron , its ' just that I'm getting loads of action watching YuYu Hakusho . Next up is to find Ronin Warriors ... 
More snow ... argh !!!! As long as it doesn't prevent me from going to learn to make minicomics , I'm all good . Thank God for free workshops ... 
Been watching a mess of movies/anime as of late ... I'm attached to Blood : the Last Vampire and returned to one of my faves : The Fifth Element . Mobius ' design on this movie is superb :D 
