God i hate looking for schools none of what they say makes sense . 

I'm home 
hates being on hold for doctor's offices . 
can't sleep so I'm sorting through some of my photos . 
I had my own < PROPMALE > Holiday moment today ... pictures to follow . 
. 
L'amertume remplit mon coeur . 
people suck . 
why is it that there never seems to be anything to do on sunday nights and i'm always restless then ? 
farmville is down .... oh no ! what will i do instead . guess it's back to the book 
farmville has snow !!!! 
trying to learn to just let go and drift . 
< PROPFEMALE > x-mas to all . 
blue 
how do you send a mass email on facebook ? 
what is that funny stat < PROPFEMALE > ? i book marked it but now i can't find it 
doesn't know what to feel but wishes it didn't hurt 
please participate in my barn raising 
Loves snow days . no work . 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . ? So love the people who treat you right . ? Forget about the one's who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it .... Post to your wall if you agree ! the man that wrote this is Indeed correct 
I hate job hunting 
lol 
busy and productive morning . i want to quit and it's only 10 30 i hate job hunting 
please no more bricks just everything else 
who is this face i see in the mirror and why isn't she me ? 
for those still sending me building supplies , thank you but my stable is built . 
stayed up too late studying .... now i'm really tired . 
I really hate change . not looking forward to what I have to do tomorrow . 
heros is an awesome show 
well i'm an official server at the Texas Roadhouse ! 
so connected and so far away 
really long day solved by milanos ... 
twelve long hours at work with 3 of them being down right brutal and i have to do it again tomorrow . no wonder i don't want to move . it was so worth it though and my manager said he's going to give me a new section tomorrow so maybe i'll make even more money ... yeah ... 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . i had a great birthday . 
Can I go to never never land ? 
Supper excited about < PROPFIRST > coming tomorrow . 
had a great day yesterday and today , the jemez was so relaxing and explora was cool with < PROPFIRST > . 
Je quitte cet place comme une ombre sous < PROPFEMALE > so < PROPFEMALE > il . < PROPFEMALE > vie change autour de moi et je change avec lui . 
I totally want a pet dragon 
I'm missing < PROPFIRST > :( 
Only shooting stars break the mold . 
I wonder what it says about me that I laugh with my eyes closed ? 
I hate it when the game i'm addicted to doesn't work 
I love my cat ! he makes the world just a little bit better 
so tired . long weekend ... how is everyone ? 
It is all very well , when the pen flows , but then there are the dark days when imagination deserts one , and it is an effort to put anything down on paper . That little you have achieved stares at you at the end of the day , and you know the next morning you will have to scrape it down and start again . Elizabeth Aston , The True < PROPFEMALE > Spirit , 2006 
time to force myself to go to the gym ... 
got to love taco < PROPFEMALE > for late night munchies 
Love sheets that just come out of the dryer ... so nice and warm , you just want to cuddle down in them and never leave . 
Finally finished my halloween costume 
U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing theirfamily while u are safe at home . In the minute it takes u to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but theyare also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's MilitaryAppreciation Week . Re-post if u are in the military , love a militarymember , or appreciate our troops 
Happy Halloween 
The man in the < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I'm moving up in the world and it feels good . Plus more money for me ... it was a really good night at work ... except for the pulled muscle of course . 
I want to fly in a balloon .... 
Stupid cat stands in the middle of the street and meows at me like he's not going to get chased down and spanked .... why can't he stay in the yard like a good cat ? 
I get my car back today !!!! 
pleasantly tired after a trip to the gym with my gym < PROPMALE > . feeling healthier by the minute . 
like the snow but don't like not being able to go anywhere . 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > getting nails done then movie and gym . Pretty good day off ! 
Thanks to mom now I'm craving brownies ! 
Yesterday was amazing !!! 
Going to make some money :) 
watching color splash ... I'm an hgtv slut .... time to move some furniture around again . 
Got an iPhone !!!! :) 
Minds are like parachutes they only function when they are open- fortune cookie 
< PROPFIRST > and me swing dancing 
The pbr was awesome !!! 
Another great night at the pbr 
Wonderful last day at the pbr . Guess I'm ready to go back to work tomorrow :) 
Played with my bow got my car back and swing dancing . Pretty good day off 
