Many human emotions are worthless , I've given up all but a few . 

Smoke me a Kipper ... Can you do that ? 
Thank you everybody who wished me \ Happy Birthday\ " !!! :-) " 
I just got our of my first class and already have more than enough work to do today 
I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , I hate math , 
At Busch Gardens Howl-O-Scream this Thursday , I am DEFINITELY going into that ' Alone ' House and I ain't bringing no one else in with me !!!! 
God can only go so far , than comes logic . 
Just got back from Howl-o-Scream . It was AWESOME !!! I went through Alone - all alone and was so freaked up afterwards . 
I have decided that after I get my AA degree next year , I want to take myself on a Cross Country Road Trip for a couple months . 
I gotta ask , does every freakin ' radio station have 20 < PROPFEMALE > talk shows at the exact same time ? Cause it sure seems like it to me . I wake up and drive to phcc at 7.5 am and all I hear is talk , talk , talk , talk , talk . What the hell is that about ? 
This is gonna be quite the weekend 
I decided that this year for Halloween , I am going to be a killer-transvestite . 
Just read in my Human Sex Text that if guys use cell phones too much , there sperm count will drastically decrease . 
Thinking about going to the Regionals Tournament next month --- it's gonna be a big one too ! The way my < PROPFEMALE > Beast deck is set up , I can deffinitely 
He's the one to call , Dr. Feelgood 
Dude looks like a lady 
Today was a good , fun , and interesting day . 
Apparently the definition of teamwork is not what it used to be . 
college tomorrow , should be interesting 
long division + expressions + factoring = total hell 
Slowly starting to understand this long division factoring crap . 
Halloween party this Saturday , aw yeah . 
Nope , no party , work ....... work , work , work , work , school , then work , and school again , then work ... 
Writing poetry again 
[ C = FF9933][B]HAPPY HALLOWEEN [/] [/] 
Even if it takes forever , I will die trying . 
...... 
synthetic division - the fast and easy way to a less confused mind . 
rolling money , making dough , got my stash , full of cash . 
Got to watch a childbirth video today , Natural and C Section , god it was horrible . Found out real quick it's nothing like what you see on TV and anime . 
Work at 3pm , training 2 new people this weekend ... hurray for me . 
I love . hack//GU 
With my last card played , the duel is done . 
I'm always one card short , always one day late . For once I'd like an ending I can celebrate . 
Had another vision of the future ... 
I have finally worked Exodia into my < PROPFEMALE > Beast deck , now not even the Egyptian Gods have a < PROPMALE > against my deck . mwahahahahahahaha 
Which 3 superpowers would you have ? 
ugh ... my head hurts 
head feels better 
I wanna be a WEREWOLF !!! 
na na naa na , na na naa na , hey hey hey 
Completed my Red Demon's Dragon deck !!! 
Do you like waffles ? Do you like pancakes ? Do you like french toast ? 
No work today , pleeeeeeeeeeeeeaaasssse ..... 
work wasn't sooo bad 
Do you know where you are ? Welcome to the jungle punk ! Take a look around , it's Limp Bizkit !!! F@#$ing up your town !!! 
Play wpnFire 
Scar Red < PROPFEMALE > Dragon Rules !!! 
yep , what a day . Slowly catchin up on Burn Notice . 
Longest night ever ... at work 
Chillin ' out , maxin ' , relaxin , all cool 
Going into work at 9am Monday 
School tomorrow 
can't break me down 
[ C=000000][B]God's not at home . He's on vacation at Vegas . [/] [/] 
Just got home from working at 9am 
Just took the IQ test , I scored 140-160 
The square root of -1 equals i , -1 equals i squared ... WTF !!! 
I have found out that the Microsoft program I have has a listeneing device that will type whatever I say . I am angry with myself for not finding this sooner . 
Just got done working out . Going to make this my new permanent workout . 
Finals tomorrow , Ooh Boy !! 
I weigh 165lbs and still loosing more . WOOHOO !!! 
The end of the year already huh ? geez ... 
Awe man . I think I'll only be able to dislocate my shoulders up to 6 times a day now before they get too sore . 
Got to go all the way to Dade City and immediately afterwards come all the wya back to Z-Hills for work . . . . . . . ugh 
Watchin Clerks 
There is never a dull night at KFC 
Playing Final Fantasy XIII today , then off to work , then more FFXIII after . 
Just popped my shoulder in after having it pop out , up , and in front . Ahh .... how disgustingly cool it is bein ' a contortionist 
My new Pokemon < PROPFEMALE > Team so far : Grovyle , Ninjask , Sableye . 
Had some raw eel for lunch . That was really tasty . :) 
Just started drinking my first Hornsby's Hard Cider Apple Crisp and LOVING IT !!! 
Type a quick update to tell your friends about this chat and send them a link . 
Ah , Ah , Ah , A-AACHOOOOOO !!!, Oh Great , I just sneezed all over my laptop 
