2010 son ! grateful to have found that special someone in 2009 . 

penn state game at 1 . 
PENN STATE pulled it out ! beat lsu . brought some pride to the big ten .... its osu's turn as much as i hate to say that lol . 
PENN STATE won .... osu won . wisconsin won . big ten looks better lol 
watching lamb chop ! Forgot how ballin this show is lol 
chillin 
annoumcement to G-Port band hoes . Me and the prez have determined the tickets of formal to be 24 dollars . Itll be at Berwick Manor from 6-TBD . More info will be handed to you on monday at school . Be there . 
Calc hw sucks . so confused 
Penn State today bizznatch ! 
bouts to go make that dough 
watchin the bengals . lets get it 
18 tomorrow hoes ! 
18 today ! thanks to everyone that wished me a happy birthday ! 
contest today 
won high drums yesterday biatch 
just kickin it . coffman v groveport game tomorrow . easily one of the biggest games in the state . G-port ranked 11th and Coffman 6th . lets get it 
welp we lost . its aigght though . 
kickin it 
is the italian stallion 
bengals won ! 
gotta be at school at 2 for the game . Its bout to be cold ! Comp tomorrow 
lost it all . 
got it back ! 
got accepted to Cincinnati ! waiting to see about Ohio State . Then i got to pick which to go to lol 
is chillin son ! 
is watching international < PROPFIRST > man 
got accepted to osu and cincy .. just got to pick which one to go to . 
leaving for new orleans soon . let's get this . 
Do the < PROPFEMALE > clap . 
Do the NOLIA clap . In nawlins ! 
my style is kinda phat reminiscent of a whale 
Goin on and on to the rhythmic variation . Wakin in the morning I still represent the nation . When i speak of the nation please dont make the deviation . Rebels of the party who create the jump sensation . Mind is a pit of different information . Microphone is on so of course communication . Bogle at the party then you got the bogle-ation . Decapitatin foes yo as if my name was < PROPFIRST > . 
Goin on and on to the rhythmic variation . Wakin in the morning I still represent the nation . When i speak of the nation please dont make the deviation . Rebels of the party who create the jump sensation . Mind is a pit of different information . Microphone is on so of course communication . Bogle at the party then you got ... the bogle-ation . Decapitatin foes yo as if my name was < PROPFIRST > . 
Badger tickling : proceed with caution 
Don't ... Don't put the noodles and the dumplings together in the boat . They'll fight ! The noodles are bullies . Poor dumplings . 
Horray for me ! Yup , I said it . Now the rest of you can join in 
You know , you never see baby pigeons . Enough said . 
Tick tock tick tock ... Everybody's waiting . It's time for me to shine 
to all you band kids . Formal is cancelled yea . But its being rescheduled . so chill . were still having it in the upcoming weeks 
Groveport Band Formal Has Been Cancelled .... It will be rescheduled to another day soon . Do not rely on posts that have not been posted by me . NO EVENTS BAND RELATED ARE TONIGHT 
Groveport Band Formal Has Been Cancelled .... It will be rescheduled to another day soon . Do not rely on posts that have not been posted by me or < PROPFIRST > . NO EVENTS BAND RELATED ARE TONIGHT 
Thunder snowclouds ... Watch out ! 
my phones touch screen broke ! that is the phone ! how does that happen !? this is a bummer 
Happy birthday grandma . Feb 11 , 1933 to Mar 20 , 2008 . I miss you and love you . 
just chillin 
this olympic opening ceremony better get awesome . 
is ballin 
ASBDA was so boring . met some cool people though ! 
Awesomeness now has a name . Let me introduce myself 
dang it canada . You blow ! 
im truly stupid paid thats just how i feel today .... BURR ! 
rethinking my outlook on my future .. 
Stand further away . You can't possibly appreciate my greatness this close up 
got a one at contest son ! ballin ! 
You know , it's not easy being me . You should try it . I bet that after just five minutes , you'll then have an incredible healthy respect for how amazing I am 
got back from the auto show ... ballin 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you !......... and I love you and miss you grandma . 2/11/1933-3/20/2008 
There's only one thing that comes as close as being as fantastic as me , and that's my reflection 
Blinding like lightning . Thunder is my roar . Feel my awesome power 
got back from the Khmer new year party lol say what ? 
knowing that 99.7 is now the Blitz again makes me happy 
Tiptoeing elephants ? Come on guys , give it up . I can see you ! You're huge ! 
bout to get stupid wild at the collision concert tonight cuz that's my style 
basically mrs browns house = cant even describe it . 
chat roulette = ridiculous 
last day of high school tomorrow son ! 
done with high school !! yeaaaaaaaaaaaa 
A vegetarian restaurant seems a stupid idea . Just pitch a tent over a vegetable patch . Job done 
going to cedar point tomorrow son ! 
got this cool book thing from < PROPFEMALE > for graduation . never seen anything like it ! lol . thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
graduation tomorrow son ! 
graduation today son ! 
graduation is done . officially a grown man haha . got the G Award for 3.9 gpa or higher all 4 years and graduated with honors . holla at ya boy ! 
going to asian fest . bouts to grub son ! 
officially officially done with everything high school related . hello real world ... now its time to get a job and open a bank account ... 18 yrs old w/o a bank account ... im already behind .. dang 
tornadoes ! wtf 
Check out that crab , and his oh-so-sideways attitude ... No one's impressed 
Going to OSU later to sign out an instrument . 
If you haven't had Yagoot you better go .... now ! 
Hey . Stop throwing mangoes . You're going to take somebody's eye out , or worse ! 
time will see us realign , diamonds rain across the sky , shower me into the same realm 
OSU marching band clinics start tomorrow ! 
I believe Diversity is an old , old wooden ship used during the Civil War < PROPFEMALE > . 
OSU marching clinics in a few hours . nice ! 
Marching at OSU was not what i was expecting . Pretty tough yet very fun . Let's get this . 
USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! 
OSU later . Got prac . 
OSU ... Another challenging but fun day marching . 
so i cant feel my right thumb from my drum diggin into my neck causing circulation cut off haha .... OSU again tomorrow ! 
marching . equals fun . equals awesome . equals tiring . equals i need to learn my music and visuals . which equals me being awesome . 
practiced yesterday . going to the parade and what not today . then back to square one tomorrow . i need to get to a field . 
i feel like im in iraq the way these ppl in my neighborhood are poppin off these fireworks 
says you ain't messin ' with my dougie ! 
is there a way to unlike something you accidently click on ? 
We have a sea bass which is broiled and we also have a hot pocket , which is cooked in a dirty microwave served frozen in the middle or boiling lava hot . 
Never sweated more in my life at a marching band practice . Pushing yourself to new heights feels so rewarding . Still have a lot to refine but I'm on track . Here's to TBDBITL 
i need money . Anyone own a money tree ? 
Inception ..... one of the best movies I have ever seen . Amazing . 
fist pumpin like a champ ! 
WHISTLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ! 
Is it friday ? OH YEA IT IS ! Who wants to go see the other guys ? 
Any change , any loss , does not make us victims . Others can shake you , surprise you , disappoint you , but they can't prevent you from acting , from taking the situation you're presented with and moving on . No matter where you are in life , no matter what your situation , you can always do something . You always have a choice and the choice can be power . 
change your language on facebook to English ( pirate ) .... it's ridiculous 
So i really wish i had 250000 grand to blow because < PROPFEMALE > re-made the gullwing . It's legit . 
It is 4 in the morning . Why am i up you ask ? Well at 2:30 in the ol morn , my dude < PROPFIRST > y < PROPFIRST > Hartman's car got smashed in the rear like a french hooker . A truly unfortunate event indeed . 
I've always been a big fan of beauty . Sure you can't judge a book by its cover but who wants to have sex with a book ? 
4 days .... let's get it 
Ready to bring the rain the next two days . Can not believe tryouts are here tomorrow . Let's do this . 
first day done . no call back so i'm thinking that's a good thing . Ready to bring it tomorrow to show what i got 
Made it on TBDBITL ! Awesome feeling to be a part of < PROPFEMALE > Row 
Amazing day with < PROPFEMALE > Row ! It's awesome to march with people like that . Can not wait for the next game . 
Excited for my first ramp on saturday !! Miami v . Osu . Can't ask for a better first ramp . 
Dang . First ramp today . OSU v Miami . Awesome feeling . And i was on ESPN and i shook hands with rascal flatts ! I love being in TBDBITL !! Had a great day 
IS < PROPFEMALE > WANG ! 
Great day today ! 
college ... yeaaaaaaaaaa . 
having to put music as my first priority over school on some nights is gonna kill me . 
GAME DAY IS ABOUT TO BE HERE ! LET'S GET IT 
GAME DAY ! In the words of < PROPFIRST > Kimbro \GET YOU SOME \"" 
last night ..... ballin . 
Lazy day today .... Chilled out pretty much the whole time with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . :) School tomorrow ! 
Rain rain go away that's what all my haters say\ 
My pockets stuck on overload my rain never evaporate\ 
No need to elaborate most of these ducks exaggerate 
Goin to the Cudi concert next week ! 
just ate too much food from mcdonalds with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > .... lol . It was like the food kept coming and coming ! 
Marching in the Bengals/ browns game tomorrow . WHO DEY !! 
Screw this < PROPMALE > beavan dude .... but I must say us alternates rocked out on the cajons ! 
GAMEDAY ! bright and early ! hittin up some hw then gonna get some sleep ! < PROPFEMALE > DRUM SOLO ! 
Busy week this week . AHH ! 
Me and < PROPFIRST > Willman plus a car and rubber chicken = people getting yelled at and hit with chickens 
Got a performance soon . Then off to watch OSU with the fam and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . ITTTTSSS GAME DAY ! GO OHIO ! BEAT THOSE BADGERS ! 
bout to hit up this music . See some people . Then study . 
hey is anyone else excited to know that < PROPMALE > is getting a lingerie football team ? hells yea . 
is enjoying the feast 
enjoy the feast 
knuckle down , buckle down , do it , do it do it . 
All you got to do , is put your mind to it . Knuckle down , buckle down , do it , do it do it ... Because you can't rollerskate in a buffalo herd . 
is jeopardys categories based off < PROPFIRST > the unicorn ? i believe so ... ballin . 
need to get this homework done . GRAY DAY tomorrow .... then ..... MINNESOTA ! 
Cavs . Congrats . LeBron . Salty ... you couldn't even beat the Celtics . 
minnesota here we come 
just got home from the trip to minnesota . 28 hrs on a bus in 48 hrs ? i think so . i think those buckeyes whomped on the < PROPFEMALE > golphers eh ? 
basically .... kinect for xbox = best , most awesome , microsoft invention . 
band dance for tonight . i can't get into details but all i can tell you is .. its about to go down . 
had a great weekend with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Couldn't ask for something better ... Penn State week ! Let's get this . 
gonna watch Conan ... About time . 
My mojo so dope 
It's gray day tomorrow ! 
almost game day ! 
ITS GAMEDAY ! TAP . TAP . TAP ! 
Had a great weekend with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !! Now it's time for school .... dang . 
finally back from the concert for OSUMB . Been up since 530 yesterday morning .. time for some sleep up in this mug ! 
prac in a bit . then out . 
ENJOY THE FEAST 
Had a wonderful season with TBDBITL . Thanks especially to < PROPFEMALE > -row . You guys have made me and the other rookies feel at home and we can all say we've made lifelong friends . < PROPFEMALE>'s where it's at . No one enjoys the feast like we do . But the season isn't over yet . Let's get this ... OHIO . 
hello new orleans . ready to get my grub on and miss classes . hells yea . 
officially on break . time to relax before headin for Nawlins ! Ohio . 
just got home from mount < PROPFIRST > . Spent the day with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and her fam . :) ... frankenjaws ! 
finished the quarter with a 2.71 ... not my greatest achievement .. 
You're mad cause my style you're admiring , \ 
Don't be mad ... UPS is hiring 
Minty fell on the ground . Minty fell on the ground . For just a moment or two ! 
I'm liking that bowl trip itinerary . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is perfecto . 
got drop kicked by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Reynolds haha 
Zoo lights last night with the lady < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > :) 
Liking this new phone 
time for christmas < PROPFEMALE > mass . Bouts to rock my new sweater from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > :) 
blessed to have such a great family and my wonderful girlfriend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for the holidays ! 
Practice tomorrow . New Orleans is so close . Then dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and her fam . :) 
Happy new years !! Learned I'm super out of shape .. thanks osumb . Haha . Ready to get my Nawlins on . 
Bourbon street equals crazy . Having a great time . 
Time to start the day . Sick in new Orleans ! Oh well . 
Nawlins . Nough said 
Supa dome 
Game time 
Sitting on an airplane ready to go home .. then class to fall asleep in . Awesome ... great way to end my rookie year in TBDBITL though !... ohio . 
Dang < PROPMALE > . You're colder than I remember . 
In class . Wish I was still in New Orleans .. had a great season with TBDBITL . Best experience ever and is sure to get better . 
In class .... gay . 
In class .... wack sauce . 
Listening to this fat annoying chick talk on the phone before class ... no one wants to know about your problems .... smh 
In the words of Flynt Flossy . Smangin them jaws is my life aspiration 
Ignorance . That's what some people are the epitome of . 
This weekend I was at the Italian deli ... and what do they have half off ? Huge knockers . 
There's nothing like driving for an hour on a sheet of ice in below zero weather to go to school . Screw you to OSU . 
I think its time for cupcake pebbles 
Biden looks like the eagle from the muppets 
The bus ride over from WC was packed yet no one said a single thing .... hello monday 
welp . bout to risk my life to get to class . thanks again osu . 
Every branch campus is closed besides the main one .. no one goes to those ! ....... I question you OSU . 
powers out ..... sucky 
Wow . Someone ripped it on the bus this morning . Could you please not do that in a crowded hot bus next time .... 
Its cold out . BUR ! 
Shooting at Easton at 8 . Good thing I left at 745 ... 
had a good dinner at pf changs and evening with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Psych midterm ..... dang 
just got facebook raped ..... hats off to you < PROPFEMALE > . 
is going to be playing some pretty hefty perc parts for the band im in for OBAF based on these recordings im listening to 
Awesome weather . Wish I wasn't in class all day . 
Its time . Time to get down . 
A car ?! < PROPFIRST > Griffin is a g . 
these songs that I'm playing for the Dublin Silver Band are dangersexy 
Why is it always 80 degrees in central classroom ..... got that stuff on blast . 
Its a nice day to be outside . 
Didn't dress right for this rain . Now im soaked ! 
Busy week ! 
What a crazy day . 
Ahh fat Tuesday .... bout to demolish some food so tomorrow I don't die of starvation . Lol 
I'm sorry , man , but I've got magic . I've got poetry in my fingertips . Most of the time - and this includes naps - I'm an F-18 , bro . And I will destroy you in the air . I will deploy my ordinance to the ground - < PROPFIRST > Sheen 
dang it snow .... you're like the unwanted fat kid on your dodgeball team in elementary . 
finals then break ! oh snap ! 
Studying for my last first spring quarter final in the oval ... it's a good day . 
2011 Auto show soon with my dad . Ballin 
Morehead st just beat Louisville ! Whoaaaa ! 
bout to switch majors again soon ! haha 
ahh storms .... the best thing to fall asleep to . 
It's nice actually playing in a band that sounds sweet and when people care . haha . Had a good time playing tonight ! 
My foreign math teacher blowsssss . 
bout to play at OBAF tomorrow with some great musicians ! let's get it . 
Ahh life ... you sometimes suck . 
HIIIIIOOOOO SILLLLLVERRRR 
