my hypochondriac uncle with a really bad stutter is temporarely living in my house 

i got spammed with college information emails suddenly , i think its a conspiracy 
no homework is awsome 
i cant stop watching the commercial with the doritos and the little black boy 
you ever have one of those days ...? 
just remebered it's Monday after forgetting * grumble * ... 
Does it make sense to say sorry when you do something you don't regret ? 
After Staatscongress I'm sure my name is cursed ; within 10 minutes of someone I've never seen before learns my last name , they call me pits . 
The health care reform < PROPMALE > has over 1000 pages , how is anyone supposed to support or oppose something they can't possibly understand ? 
just learned to never get his teeth drilled without anesthesia ever again . 
The more time I spend on homework , the worse the quality gets . 
Oh god , my relatives are here getting drunk , and they're starting to do shots ... help me . 
Happy Spring Equinox 
Missing school for a day feels great . 
I hate chacha with a passion . 
Started filming our < PROPMALE > project today . We spent 3 hours and got 2 out of 7 scenes done . 
just got back from Florida . 
I just ate 4 chicken filets and a huge bowl of corn within 15 minutes . And im still hugnry . 
Won our game against the Komets today 6-5 ! AH YEAH !!!! 
So I've heard this Farmville thing is pretty addicting ... I think I might try it . 
My parents said I need to get a summer job ... any ideas ? 
I woke up late this morning after I turned my alarm clock off because I thought it was trying to trick me into waking up early . Ya , that's what my mornings are like . 
Two games in one day is brutal ... but I didn't injure myself , so it's all good . 
Got a yellow card today , and almost got a red . But at least we played better overall . 
Camping over the weekend was awsome . It's always nice to have your personal hygiene standards lowered for a while . 
is addicted to air-heads . 
suck it England 
I love ties 
did i get here fast enough for Ronaldo hating ? 
< PROPFEMALE > needs to play smarter , there just trying to force it up the middle 
Steak n ' Shake is better at midnight . 
damn you Ghana 
We lost :( Time to root for Mexico ! 
Some liquid is leaking from my car . Anyone know what it could be ? 
So I heard The Last Airbender was awful . 
I can't believe I spent $10.99 for a pack of duds . 
Germany will win tomorrow , and Spain will win on Sunday . It's been preordained by < PROPFIRST > . 
Thanks everyone . 
Inception was awsome 
My schedule is all messed up . Applegate will be hearing from me . 
My family : where the handicapped are a common discussion topic . 
is in Germany . 
What purpose does English class serve ? 
You just blew my mind again Snapple . 
What are we suppose to do with french toast sticks when we don't have any syrup ? 
Paranormal Activity 2 gave me a headache , is this normal ? 
Anyone know what the score of the fishers game was ? 
sometimes i want to copys someone's status word for word and see if they notice 
Thanksgiving was nice , but I got sick and didn't get to bed till 7am . Just woke up . Today sucks . 
Why am I suddenly seeing an abundance of pokemon profile pictures ? 
There won't be any snow . Trust me I know these things . 
Nothing to worry about ... I've seen a couple episodes of Man vs . Wild so I think I'm gonna be OK . 
I just wasted $37 on a pair of shitty headphones . This weekend didn't start out right . 
What would MLK and < PROPMALE > X talk about if they met . Need some ideas . 
It's good to see our military once again wasting its huge budget meddling in foreign affairs . 
