-today is a beautiful day . 

is on her way back to Albuquerque :) 
thought that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was amazing ...... but he could have played a few more songs .. I'm in albuquerque until friday :)))))) 
is not a sculptor . blagggghh 
is going to be a banana for halloween . (: And she is going to albuquerque tomorrow ... 
hates essays . 
is on her way to albuquerque 
' s facebook is written in a different language .... 
is thankful that she has finally started that essay that she has been procrastinating for so long . \/" 
isn't answering the phone anymore . 
wishes that the Zuhl librarians were more helpful and understood how to use a computer in the first place . ugh . 
is going to vomit if the couple next to her does not stop \baby\ " talking to each other . It would also be polite if they could make out somewhere else . " 
might be at UNM next year ... 
eh .... maybe not . 
is up early studying for her < PROPMALE > History final -- the last one !! and the most difficult . :( 
doesn't care about football . 
aaah , work is cancelled today :/ 
soo ... has anyone seen that Juaquin Phoenix documentary \I'm Still Here . \ " Weird . I could probably find something better to do with my time . " 
is in < PROPFIRST > , looking at schooolllss 
doesn't know if texas is her thing ..... maybe < PROPMALE > again ... < PROPMALE > , it is . (: 
hates washing dishes ... blegh . 
really really really doesn't want to go to work today . 
hates her job . 
aaahhh , tooo muuuuccch Vasari !!! 
has had too much caffiene , and has too much to do . ugh . overwhelmed . 
1:00 AM , almost done ... might have time for a couple of hours ... 
aaaaah , the weather is scary here ... 
-- two weeks notice ! let's see how this goes ... 
We often forget that WE ARE NATURE . Nature is not something separate from us . So when we say that we have lost our connection to nature . What we are really saying is we’ve lost our connection to ourselves . 
reps Questlove 
hey las cruces , You're really boring lately . 
really likes St. < PROPFIRST > of Assisi . 
< PROPFEMALE > ! stop drawing in your Italian Renaissance textbook ! 
hmm , the weather in las cruces is so beaauuutiful . 
has a very nice boyfriend who will go to the store to get her medicine when she is sick . <3 
wishes that her apartment's water heater would stop going out , and she wishes that it wasn't so dang small and crowded and hot in here . :( blegh . 
... 
hates you linolium . 
is cutting MORE linolium , drawing < PROPFIRST > nicholson in charcoal , and listening to < PROPFIRST > snore veeerrryyy loudly . <3 
feminism isn't about having control---it's about having self respect . ugh . you're ignorant . 
will be in the print lab allll night long \/" 
hasn't slept in 32 hours . And now that I can allow myself to have a break , I don't want to waste my time sleeping . 
has a lot to doooo 
wants to fall from the skyyy 
... best . procrastinator . ever . 
is mad at NMSU's < PROPMALE > dep < PROPMALE > ment for only offering Drawing III at 7:30 in the morning . 
juuust might be in the library all night , regardless if they close or not . 
just realized that it is rude to talk to yourself in the library .... and weird . 
gets annoyed . 
if someone in las cruces is looking for a roommate , let me know ! pleeaaasse . 
registering for classes and figuring out financial aid stuff is the worst ever . EVER . 
feels a lot better about her financial situation . and also , is moving . 
is going to go write the worst research paper in the world . :( 
wishes that everything on her to-do list were done . and that her car wasn't broken . and that she were completely healthy . :( bad week ( s ) . 
.... everyone is having children . iiicck . 
blah . too much caffeine . Also , neighbors-can you please stop being obnoxious ? I know you are drunken , redneck , college students , but I have things that need to get done . and you are hurting my head . 
lady behind me : If you're conversing with me , all I hear is you being noisy . If you're not , this is a library . Stop talking . I apologize for being mean about it . 
wants for you to recommend some good music to her . thaaank youu !! 
\oil painting is an < PROPMALE > for women and lazy people like Fra Sebastiano \"" 
is in los < PROPFEMALE > . 
is in los < PROPFEMALE > , and is feeling very sagittarius-like . <3<3<3 
had a very wonderful night . 
did well on her effing research paper :) :) :) now , for a week of no sleep and a million drawings , a million prints , and some graphic design . 
likes the odds waaaaay better than the evens . 
ugh . everything is difficult sometimes . 
if anyone is an expert on Adobe Illustrator , I would really like your help , if you don't mind .... thankkksss . ( I just have a simple question ) 
ah ! nevermind , I got it . haha , I almost had a panic attack . 
will be in this creepy drawing studio alllll niiiggghht long . 
computer , now is not the time to be slow . I need to use you . 
there's no tiiime for planning !!!!! 
is a zombie ! also , Is anyone willing to give me a ride to el paso tomorrow ? there's gas money and a hearty handshake and/or hug in it for you ... 
wants to know if anyone is willing to drive her to el paso tomorrow ? There's gas money and a hug ( or handshake ) in it for you ..... ( anyone in las cruces , that is ) 
okay . I need to figure this out . and now you won't answer me . If this is the way it is , then this is the way it is . 
feels a million times better about life-situations . courtesy of a long-needed talk with a good friend :) 
hey arizona , can you please describe to me what an illegal immigrant LOOKS like , I certainly would not like to come across one of them .... 
locked the door . good luck getting in jerks . 
has really really bad test anxiety and feels sick . :( 
blah ! stop being so dramatic , < PROPFEMALE > !! 
okay , 57 minutes left . I feel like my heart is going to rip out of my chest . it should be really cool . 
is done with the worst test ever , and did better than expected :) aaand , \ 
I'm very excited for the upcoming summer : interesting movies , \ 
interesting books , graphic design , and las cruces being beautiful . <3<3<3 
frustrated frustrated FRUSTERATED !!! 
is a little heartbroken . 
ugh . frick . 
would like for you to look at her family . 
got a job ! ah ! yes . :) 
:) grades . are . innn . <3<3<3 
loooovvves . a lot . 
ugh . people use people . 
has two jobs . :) busybusybusy summer . 
ugggh . eweweewww , one of las cruces ' giant cockroaches lives in one of my portfolios . Will someone PLEEEAAASSSEEE come over and kill it ?!?!?!?! 
okay janitors of NMSU , and former CA . I don't know when we became friends . but it's creepy . I just wanted to let you know . 
loves you . 
.. and he was screamin , and everyone was like ' Whatchoo screamin like it's the end the world ? ' and he was like ' well it is ... ' 
misses her piano . 
-- I don't understand you . that bothers me a lot sometimes . 
can't remember a better day than today . <3<3 
sometimes I'd stand by the < PROPMALE > wall , the sky'd be so big that it broke my soul 
' s camera is not . working . :( 
alright . just got off work . I'm booooreed . 
okay , interesting night . 
is moving . agggaaain . 
is doooone with work for the day . The mirror feel off in my car , so I guess I'm going to go glue it back haha . BUT , I'm off to climb Picacho Peak . <3<3 
camped at Aguirre , with wonderful people , and is going to albuquerque at some point today <3 
is back in las cruces ... <3 haha , already . 
yellow is the color of my true love , yellow is the color of the sun . 
is lonely for the weekend . \ 
work , Movie nights , books , and laundry sound nice . \ 
call me if you're bored . 
yellow is the color of my true love's crossbow , yellow is the color of the sun . \ 
\ 
<3 
loves beautiful days . especially beautiful days where she is done with work , and gets to listen to beautiful music for the rest of the evening . 
did you all know that it is illegal to < PROPFEMALE > a lunch box down main street in las cruces ? AND , did you know that a few years ago , a council member in albuquerque wanted to ban < PROPFEMALE > claus from the city ? AND , did you know that 400 words of \sexually explicit\ " content was supposed to be cut from < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ? I thought you would want to . " 
is very very very happy that < PROPFIRST > is back . <3<3<3 
is grumpy today . 
is cleaning . and grocery shopping . and waiting for konrad to come visit me :) 
is off work . 
feels like having fun . 
If you '' like '' this status , I will post on your wall something I like about you , I guess . :) 
ugh . I hate you room 913 . 
alright . \ 
I'm going to be in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > / albuquerque wednesday night :) until saturday-night . 
ugh . This is why I live far away . 
thank you thank you thank you earth for a beautiful las cruces down pour . <3<3<3<3 
is bored at work . I want to do something liberating today . 
wants CS5 
ah ! no worries today , I'm just going to have fun . 
wants to travel . out of new mexico . 
is going to be lonely for the next two weeks . :( blaaah . 
is going to < PROPFEMALE > out with her grandmother today . 
wants to know if anyone in las cruces would like to do something tonight ? 
is boredboredbored . 
is getting rid of one third of her clothes , and could probably still get rid of some . It was something I meant to do a year ago , probably . ah , now for the cleaning . 
my head is going to explode if I ever have to talk to an automated voice machine again . 
' s poor little kitten has to go to the vet today :( 
okay . plan : clean , organize , goodwill , groceries/shopping , veterinary , camera repair ( FINALLY ) , gym , el paso ?, laundry . sleeeeep and mentally prepare for ridiculous people tomorrow . 
we live in such a beautiful place , las cruces . :) 
we live in such a beautiful place , las cruces . \ 
:) 
yes , pulp fiction . 
thinks she will take a hike on tuesday up dripping springs . Would anyone like to join me ? 
united blood services . stop calling me . 
has two days off this week , was able to get someone to cover for her next week so she can head to portales , and is excited that she finally has time to do something . :) :) :) 
' s eyes are too tired . 
yesterday , < PROPMALE > of mesilla told me that there was a place in heaven for me , and he also asked me for a glass of milk . 
really hates The Grove . Their general manager is by far the rudest person I've met in the two years I've lived in Las Cruces . 
aaah love love love 
ahh , school tomorrow , work today . summer's over . 
hmm , no roommate yet , and school starts tomorrow ? yessss .... 
ugh . first day of school and I already feel like there is too much on my plate . 
okay . i'm now stuck with just one job ( unfortunately ) , a potential internship ( cross your fingers ) , and a full schedule . One less thing to worry about . Now for dealing with the trolls at financial aid , and a day full of converting files to pdf format , organizing my portfolio , and printing my \will do for now\ " business card . " 
oy , can't the world just love each other ? 
I don't need negative people in my life . I don't need ignorant people either . and I don't need people who won't talk , but only argue . 
ugh . girls are too dramatic . I wish I could just forget about it . 
has a new photo album , :) 
ah , morning full of almond-vanilla coffee , yoga and getting ready for class . <3 ( check out my new album ! ) 
accidentally hit a butterfly with her car :( It came out of nowhere .... 
just sprinted across campus because she was three minutes late to her class only to find out that that particular class is only held on monday mornings . I could have slept in for four more hours . ha . 
you think you're so smart ? I'll tear out your liver and eat your heart . 
goals for this semester : Start my screenplay ; perfect my portable pinhole camera ; complete my Woman-Prints . 
uggggggh . I GUESS I will clean now . I guess . 
is FINALLY able to get all of her supplies , and is pretty excited about it . 
ahhhh , suuunnbuuurrrrrrn . ouuuch . 
ahh , i'm cold and hot at the same time . blaah 
is soooo tired . 
Neighbors below me : pleeaaase turn down your obnoxious hardcore music . please . 
oh , hello there thunder .... 
just wants to be healthy again ... 
wants her health back ! aaaaaaahhhh 
is grumpy this morning : I was rudely awaken . at six fifty . Today is the ONLY day out of the week that I'm allowed to sleep in later than that , my dramatic cat won't . shut . up . aaaaaannd I'm still sick . ugggh . 
is excited to FINALLY go to albuquerque in October for the CocoRosie concert ! <3<3 
oh shoot -- was ALMOST better from the stomach flu , but luckily a head cold came my way . That was a close one ..... 
I've got a cold-thing now . But , my class got cancelled , and it's only two weeks til I leave to albuquerque-family , friends , cocorosie , and the balloon fiesta :) so , things are good . 
Photography as Realism : This is a picture of MY love in this daguerreotype photograph , Except he's really not that < PROPFEMALE > . 
:( I gave < PROPFIRST > stomach flu . 
UUGGGH . I'm such a terrible cook . I'm going to be eating quesadillas and plain spaghetti my entire life . 
went to albuquerque for a bit , saw my family , and was glad to < PROPFEMALE > out with a select few . And disappointed that the rest don't really care . 
needs a graphic design internship for Summer 2011 . aghh . Any pointers ? Any criticism ? Tips ? I would like to go somewhere in Portland , OR or California , or maybe Sante < PROPFEMALE > ? < PROPFIRST > ? DC ? Florida ? I don't know , but I need to get the show on the road . 
alright camera , let's go shoot . 
is SLEEPY . 
hey Albuquerque , I'm leaving Las Cruces tomorrow to come visit you .... should I bring a coat ? maybe a hat and a scarf ? Or are you just not that cold yet ? 
CocoRosie-amazing , beautiful , strange ; Albuquerque/Rio Rancho-I need a break for a sec . 
has a very , VERY long day ahead of her . 
... baah , it's seven . 
heeey , my phone keeps randomly shutting off , in case you were texting me or calling . 
... goodness . 
AAAAAAAHHHHH . I just want love and peace for everyone everywhere . 
sooo , for halloween : a \from the Gulf of Mexico-mermaid \"" 
ugh . I hate football . all the bros took up my parking space at Toucans , and it bothers be very badly that NMSU spends more money on athletics ( 4.1 million ) than they do on their students . 
blah . tired . grumpy . tiiiirrred . 
is mad at her photography teacher for making her show up to class when he didn't . especially after he gave a lecture about being on time and showing up . 
Wishes that sleep weren't necessary . 
has anyone seen The Triplets of Belleville ? 
is going to be an actress today . Give me pointers please , it's my first time . 
. here it goes . 
is wiped . \ 
ick . and I have fake blood ( corn syrup/chocolate syrup/ red food dye ) in my hair . blaaaah . 
a fun-filled day of cleaning , homework , cleaning , & homework . 
blah . anyone use shutterfly ? I'm frusterated . 
okay < PROPFEMALE > . make a list , and put everything that you need to do on said list . just don't lose the list . 
aaaacced her < PROPMALE > History Exam , and has Completed her drawing . AH ! now for the photo assignment . 
ahh weekend . 
heeeeey !! I need models for a new drawing that I'm doing . I need Eve -- and < PROPFIRST > . I have a garden , and a forbidden fruit . Which is the same thing as a pomegranate in the drawing . :) Give me a call asap ! \ 
Thank you ! 
is tired . again . and has a lot of homework . again . sleep ? or be sleep deprived ? again ..... 
still doesn't care about football . \ 
and also , \ 
LOOOVES this time of year , especially in lovely las cruces . 
bahhh --- I can't find the transparency compound . :( 
draaainned . DRAAAAAAIIIIINNNNNEEED . 
prefers when it is free . 
is glad you returned safely . Now , I will yell at you for hours and hours if you ever do that again . <3 
must not ever sleep again . tips/comments/suggestions ? 
:( boo new mexico . 
alright . advising today , got my spring 2011 schedule worked out . 
just found 20 dollars in my pocket :) 
HEY ! who's in History of Photography with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > with me ?!?!?!?! you should call me ! 505 934 2049 
ugh . < PROPFEMALE > Sontag is comparing guns to \point and shoot\ " cameras . " 
wishes that she were a prisoner in Plato's Cave so that she could better relate the situation to photography/ photographs . 
:( drawing class at seven in the morning . What I'll really come out of this class with is how to sleep and draw at the same time . 
has finally made something worthwhile in printmaking , she thinks ... it took long enough . 
wants to go overseas . 
ha , registered at six this morning . \ 
Schedule : Darkroom photography ( :) :) :) ) , Graphic design , and multicolor digital production , Culture of the 1950's and Illustrator . :/ One more . I think I'm going to NOT take an < PROPMALE > class . Astronomy ? I kind of want to take Witches WIves and Women class . That sound interesting , I just don't want to overload myself with < PROPMALE > history . 
is going to screaaaaammmmdsfal ; kd ; fj 
is officially on thanksgiving break . This whole week will be constant homework doing . 
hey , I guess I'm going to be in Las Cruces after all for thanksgiving . Anyone down to help me make a thanksgiving dinner ? It'll be fuuuuun . 
will someone take me to see < PROPMALE > potter ? Is it going to be out tomorrow ? Is there a midnight showing ?! I want to knooooowww . 
blah . I dropped the turkey . it slipped . 
ugh . drawing , you have frustrated me once again . 
it's just me and < PROPFEMALE > today .... :/ 
is bored , and everyone's gone . 
is 21 :) 
alright . all-nighter . let's do this . nowwwww . 
all-nighter : Night #2 . ( soooo tired . don't fail me now \7 hour energies \")" 
the river is scary at night , sometimes . 
just one more all night for the semester . I mean , I think . and hope . 
k . almost done with prints . 
ugh . my macs not charging ... 
goal : out by midnight . 
completed my goal , and got a good grade in printmaking . 
good luck on finals everyone !! 
Just got a B on a seven < PROPFEMALE > paper she wrote in an hour ... it's a miracle !! 
aaah , muuust concentrate ..... 
write like the wind < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
is officially done with the first half of her < PROPMALE > year . 
heyheyhey , guess I'm going to albuquerque on tuesday :-) (( and coming back thursday or friday ) . 
ugh . when are grades going to be posted ?! 
is in albuquerque . and has stomach flu . again . blah ! 
:) feels much better , and it going to start her day off with some green tea , yoga , and a nice hot shower , and maybe a walk in the snoooowww <3<3<3 
had a lovely , lovely day with < PROPFIRST > . went to breakfast , went to the bookstore , went to a museum , dinner , and a movie . :) ( and TRON was really neeaaat , by the way ) , and now moving on to red wine and apples to apples . \ 
hmmm <3 <3 <3 
accidentally cut her hair way . TOO . SHORT . ugggh . 
is done with her travels for now , and is back in las cruces . 
is not looking forward to stepping out on this < PROPFEMALE > day . 
does anyone know when NMSU's financial aid office will be open ? 
man , i'm so organized when school isn't in session . Eating healthy , all my laundry is done , the kitchen is clean , aaand i'm starting to recycle more . 
wooorrrk today . lame . 
today , and hopefuly the entire semester , i am motivated . 
loves her little kitten . 
I had a dream that i was climbing a mountain , but i was terrified of falling . When I finally got off of the mountain , I showed my father a lunar eclipse . My dreams don't make sense . 
does anyone have a bookshelf for sale ? Something around $50 or less ... ( mostly less ) 
who wants to bring me a five hour energy drink and a foot massage ? pleeaaaassse . 
skype me ! 
bah . annoyed . annoyed !! 
is never going to catch up with homework , work , laundry , dishes , cleaning or anything . 
and < PROPFIRST > built a bookcase ... sort of . It was twenty five dollars , and from walmart , but , I guess it works . 
loves life ! and thinks you should too !!! 
how i started my morning : With a cough , a hoarse voice , and an exacto knife in my big toe , and finger . happy monday ! 
heeey , facebook adobe illustrator experts : I Need your help ! 
who wants to bring me soup ? 
MAKE MY HAIR GROW . AAGGGGHHHH 
ah ! love the google valentines icon today , very < PROPMALE > Glaser . also , \ 
Happy Valentines day . 
Just finished her first professional logo and professional product illustration !! 
hmm , something exciting happen in my life today , please . 
is having a beautiful day . 
okay , ADOBE ILLUSTRATOR CS5 EXPERTS :::: for some reason whenever I make shapes or fills , or anything to do with color , it doesn't come out in color , only in a gray scale . WHAT am I doing wrong ? 
okay . who here can help me fix my car ? You would the nicest person ever if you did . 
\I have a grandiose life . Sorry my life is so much more bitchin ' than yours . I planned it this way . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Sheen . " 
meant to wake up at 5 .... \ 
blaaah . 
okay . off of work , Darkroom , Date , Homework , Reading , and Work #2 . 
first day of spring break <3 \ 
and I have LOTS to do . but nothing school related , for the most part . 
NOOOO . Today is the last day of spring break :( 
Yesss , Critique first class , and Cancellation second class . <3 
is doing spring cleaning , and just found twenty dollars in an old coat . YES . 
