HaPpY NeW yEaR ! 

Full < PROPFEMALE > out tonight . Perfect for the first day of the rest of my life . 
Sleep .... ... ... ... I can never go to sleep on saturday nights . 
My arm is hurting . Just got the flu shot today . 
Just finished chopping wood . Took 4 hours . 
Spider-man na na na na spider-man . Can't wait until Halloween . Hope I actually get the costume though . 
Just watched paranormal activity I'm SCARED ! THE ONLY MOVIE THAT HAS EVER SCARED ME !!!!!!! 11 
Not fealing well . 
just got back from trick or treating . I'm cold . 
Just got back from church . 
Warning don't inhale when smoking smarties . It hurts . As a matter of fact don't smoke them at all smoking is bad for you . 
Going to veterans day parade tomorrow . 
Just got back from veterans day parade . Awesome . now i get a pretty ribbon . lots of army veichles there 
Brother , dad , and me came back from the hoops . 
Day seems to last forever , don't want this to ever end ! Came back from cemetary where I put flags up on veteran graves . 
Whoa oh oh ... ... sweet child o ' mine . 
Scanning faces in a crowd . Searching for just one . 
Annoyed when people change there status to offline when they don't wanna talk . Why don't you just say gtg . SeRiOuSlY . nah . don't really care as long as they say bye . 
Gonna play some guitar before i go to sleep . zzzz 
If today was your last day could you say good bye to yesterday ? 
Simpsons is on yes ! 
Vote For < PROPMALE > . 
It ' like the facebook develops are trying to make facebook suck . 
Never give up on someone you can't go a day without thinking about . 
Tomorrow should be GREAT ! Thursdays always are . 
Just finished watching < PROPMALE > . Was very wierd , not funny . Just wierd . 
Came home from < PROPFIRST>'s B-Day Party . Tired . Think I'm gonna take a nap . 
Happy Thanks Giving Everyone ! <(\)" 
Men who stare at goats . Awesome movie . 
I Feel Bad . Everyone At 11:11 P.M. wish that I'll feel better so I can go to church and school . 
My brother just changed my status . Sorry everyone . Hope that you didn't read it . 
I can finally say my strep throat is gone ! Really I can say this now , my throat doesn't hurt when I say it . 
It's funny how you look at someone who is online on your chat tool bar . Then as you began to type them a message they go offline . Priceless . Happens to everybody everyday everytime . That kind of sucks . Alot . 
Watching Monk season finally . Going to miss that show . :( 
Yeah . I just got my 50th Friend on facebook ! Woot woot . 
Finished 2 hours of collecting wood . 
Needs to finish my math and science homework . 
Needs to get all my study guides finished for FINALS ! Will talk to all friends later . 
My Dad bought me a < PROPFEMALE > pong table ! Yeah ! Balls of Fury ! 
HAVE YOU EVER HAD ONE OF THOSE DAYS YOU FEEL LIKE TYPING IN ALL CAPS . Well I think TODAY IS one of THOSE DAYS . 
Watching spider-man ! 
They may want to take Christ out of Christmas , but they can never take Christ out of me . If you are proud to be a Christian and are not ashamed of Christ then post this to your status for 1 day as a light to the world . Most people will be too ashamed or scared to do it . God Bless those of you who can do it ..... 
Had an awesome Christmas . Love all the presents , the company with family , and the no school was good . But I can't wait to be back in the classroom with all my friends . 
Why aren't keyboards in alphabetical order ? 
Missing Home . 
why do we kill people who kill people to show killing people is wrong ? 
Sometimes the most lonely thing you could do is look down at the spaces between your fingers , and notice there are no fingers between them . 
I am bored . Anyone doing anything tonight ? 
Today was long boring but it feels nice outside . I might go outside right now even though it is pitch black . 
I'm really starting to get annoyed by facebook . Chat won't work right . 
Gonna take a nap . 
Took a nap and full of energy . Wish I could go back to sleep . 
Spanish Homework . Wish I had the book . Would be so much easier to finish . 
Why do we go onto facebook at the middle of the night and not talk to anyone half the time ? 
is watching monk . I think someone was murdered in this episode , and monk finds the murderer . 
Why are there so many genres of music if that song easily fits into that catagory ? 
Who else doesn't feel like doing homework right now ? 
Next year they should just get hunters to shoot all of the groundhogs so they don't see their shadow . 
I wish I was spider-man . That would be so awesome . 
Eating Nachos ! 
Is flying a kite . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Q4is6HVnYw 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_lsIDFGuoE&feature=related 
I need a book to read for my english report . Anyone have a good book I can borrow ? 
Allergies are killing me . Hope I feel better tomorrow . 
Tired . Got a good work out though from splitting lumber . 
Wish someone else was on facebook right now . 
Me facebook estado es en espanol . 
McLovin ! Lol . 
Got a letter from the organization I wrote to . 
Lolly pop lolly pop , lolly lolly lolly pop . * Boom Boom Boom Boom * Come on baby tell me why , why , her kisses are sweeter than a < PROPFEMALE > pie . Lolly pop lolly pop , lolly lolly lolly pop . 
Watching Rush Hour 3 . 
I've been using facebook for 1 year , 6 months , and 14 days . 
Good Night everybody . 
The little things give you away . 
I don't care about my earthly limitations . The heart wants what the heart wants . 
A woman shoots her husband . Puts him under water for five minutes and finally hangs him . Then they go out on a lovely dinner . How can this be ? 
The lessons we've learned here have only just begun . I see you smiling for me a poor sherade at best . You've push your luck through tests and tests and tests . Lost in a quiet veil you locked away your heart . Life lived long loving away from mother's nest . Fending for another is the heardest test . Secrets opened pain renewed . Is this life worth living ? Go for it take a shot give me your best guess . 
Math homework inhales deeply . 
Was trying to get some food for my mom and I spilled it all over the floor . This just goes to show that when you do nice things for others you will have rice all over the floor and an asian lady screaming at you . 
No matter how far I've come in life I still can't wait to see tomorrow . 
Whitest Kids U ' Know . Ha ha . 
Full < PROPFEMALE > outside tonight and tomorrow night . 
Long day , tired day , boring day , quiet day , angry day , lovely day , loud day , worst day , happy day , birthday , sad day , best day of my life . But that's not today . \Tonight\ " is the ending of the day . Wash over troubles and prepare us for the next day . " 
Longing eyes . The noctural being guarding us from the lurking shadows . The percursor of day , lighting and warming our hearts . The better half of a couple . Winking eyes . Commanding the endless waves . Shining new perspectives on bulbs of green . Celestial partners . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is it just me or am I becoming a more social person every day ? Talking to new people I rarely talk to and wanting to know more about the friends I already talk to . 
CTRL + ALT + ( Down Arrow ) 
How's everyones ' break so far ? 
Easter EGGS ! 
Looking forward to a non boring day . Happy Easter everyone . 
Gonna watch hot tub time machine . 
Is it really pouring rain again ? =( 
SCARRED :P 
Hot < PROPMALE > ! 
If I could be like that what would I do ? <(\)" 
At Thunder . 
Thunder was great , but I can't wait to see all my friends tomorrow at school . We didn't have any homework did we ? 
Facebook ? Uhh . Working not working make up your mind . 
Hmm . Not tired . I wish I could go to sleep though , than I could dream , dream , dream . 
If you can't accept me at my worst you don't deserve me at my best . If you can't accept me at my best you're going to only see my worst . 
Why is it so hot in this house ? 
Who else is on facebook that hasn't done there homework yet ? 
I guess I was wrong . * Sigh * Well two days of nothingness I guess . Why is it that what we hate we're made a part of ? And at the same time what we love seems to be disconnected from us . <(^) 
Is there anyone on facebook that actually wants to talk ? 
???????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????? 
Watching Simpsons . 
Ok so I'm not the only one who saw that double rainbow thing yesterday . 
Why is it so beautiful outside ? I thought it was raining . 
Feels some emotion , can't tell . Flustered , tired , confused , dizzy , IDK . 
Never sleep again ! 
If you are reading this than that means I am already bored . 
Well , Guess 0 means it's time to go to sleep soon . T_T 
Huh , Saturday . Is anyone actually excited about the derby ? 
There now , steady love , so few come and don't go Will you won't you , be the one I'll always know When I'm losing my control , the city spins around You're the only one who knows , you slow it down 
Looking forward to a < PROPFEMALE > day tomorrow . 
I wish my bed was made of gelatin . 
< PROPFIRST > Dirt . 
And I'm staring down the barrel of a 45 . Swimming through the ashes of another life . 
LSHMSFOAIDMT 
Came home from < PROPMALE>'s . Had a good time but now I'm bored again . 
Another day wasted . Anyone feel like texting ? 270-300-3582 
Ok so some random truck just honked at me . Either they think I'm a hooker or that was one of my friends . :) 
So . Yeah I still haven't figured out who honked at me in their truck . If it was you please tell me . 
I could use a good laugh right about now . 
Making pizza ! 
Nite everybody . Sorry if I didn't get to talk to you today , my loss . But I need sleep . 
Getting my new phone today . 
If 4 out of 5 people suffer from diarrhea does that mean that 1 enjoys it ? 
Like this status if you came to school in your pajamas every day last year . Oh and did I mention that my pajamas look strangely like my underwear . 
If you hit the like button on this status I won't tell you something I like about you but that probably means you like my status . 
So who else's power went off for that split second ? 
Tu roba mi respiracion . 
Watching the sun rise is beautiful . Looks like the sunset almost . 
If you like this status than that means you're promising you'll going to change your last name to mine for the week . =) 
Who wants to wake up in the morning and feel like p diddy ? 
Thank you everyone that wished me a happy birthday . 
It's four o ' three and I can't sleep without you next to me I toss and turn like the sea . If I drown tonight bring me back to life , the only thing I still believe in is you . If you only knew , if you only knew . 
Mosquitos like me . 
Oh wait that's an atom bomb . Let's shoot fireballs at it . 
People think I'm crazy they word it all the time and if you paid attention you'd be worried too . Because this world we love so much might just kill you . I could be wrong now but I don't think so , because it's a jungle out there . It's a jungle out there . 
Just keep on swimming just keep on swimming ... -DORY 
Hmm would anyone happen to know an instant cure for sun burn ? Well atleast I have sunkissed skin so hot will melt your popcicle . 
Gotta love the pool . 
If I use axe shampoo/conditioner I get hair action . Than if I use axe ( bar ) deoderant do I get armpit action ? 
I have 99 friends who wants to be friend 100 ? Or -1 ? 
Q : What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend . A : he wiped his butt . 
Work facebook or I will ... ... do something else that's not boring . 
Nooo ! Might have to move to Phoneix soon . 
School tomorrow . =| 
Trying to be different doesn't make you an individual . Espeacially when that's what everyone else is doing . Being yourself and doing what you like makes you an individual . 
Wednesday , you've decieved me for the last time . 
I hope the days come easy and the moments pass slow . And each road leads you where you want to go . And if you're faced wit the choice and have to choose . I hope you choose the one that means the most to you . 
WOOO ! Go Eminem ! I knew it . 
YES LINKIN PARK !!!! 
GAGA ! Again . KNEW IT ! 
Wooow , you can type your facebook password into a comment and it'll come up as stars ! *********** so frigging awesome :D muahaha 
The Harvest < PROPFEMALE > will be out this Thursday . Don't wanna miss this or you'll have to wait next year to see it . 
Futurama- Why are Fry and Leela addressed by their last names ? ( < PROPMALE > + Turanga) ? 
Paranormal Activity 2 ? 
Ahh yes so my phone stops working in mid-conversation , just my luck . D: 
Uhh , yeah so I was wondering , does anyone knew wether Boone's Cleaners could put the shoulder patches on my Class A for free or not ? 
What's that facebook ? You want me to wake up 2 in the morning and update my status ? Sure why not everyone else is ?!? STATUS : When sending a package in the mail write in neon colors BOMB and leave your neighbors return address . I dunno , insert witty pun here . 
Insert comments below . 
Milky milk shake . Dancing with my milk shake . 
Can smell burning popcorn ? 
Does anyone know if we have Drill practice tomorrow ? 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get . 
If you read this than can you do me a small favor ? Poke me . Gotta get to that magical 100 ! This would be much appreciatied . :P 
I want to ride my bicycle ! -Ninja Pro 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ...... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the FOURTH letter of YOUR LAST name .... It can only be 1 word ...... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ...... Don't just post a word & not copy/paste ....... That's no fun 
