HAPPY NEW YEAR AND GOD BLESS ! ??? 

Finally !! 
Learned how to prepare french fries . Haha . Who knew it could be so complicated ?? :p 
Forget the fries . The cash register is no joke . Buttons galore ... 
After 3 days , I'm getting the < PROPFEMALE > of the register . Tonight I worked from 4pm-10pm . And my back hurts , but I'm grateful !! 
Working from 2pm-7pm :-) 
It was awesome seeing the Hamners !!! :-) 
ZzzzZzzzZzzz 
OMG !!! 
Going to see \A Perfect Getaway\ " :-) " 
Can't wait till pay day !! :-D 
Working from 2pm-8pm . Love these shifts . :-) 
Seeing Halloween 2 tonight ! :-) 
was finally put in drive dru . Insane ! 
Off this weekend ! Yay ! And hoping that I can volunteer next week ... 
Morning shift all of this week ... 
Had a nice weekend ... 
is so peeved right now ... 
omg omg omg :-( 
2 black kittens are stuck inside my dad's Oldsmobile ... :-( 
had too many hours so they sent me home . Ha ! 
I love < PROPFEMALE > days . :-) 
has a sore throat ... :-( 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!! ? U All !! 
Not feeling so well . Not at all . :-( 
:-) 
Free this weekend . Yes !!! 
Furlough Friday was AWWWFFFUUULLL ... 
hopes we do Secret < PROPFEMALE > 
made a 100 on the last exam . Woohoo ! 
Can't wait till Christmas week ! 
Came to work 3hrs late , don't know how that happened . :p 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS AND GOD BLESS !!! ??? 
Another 100 on exam . YES !!! 
HAPPY NEW YEARS < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Bought a dress , tried it on , and now I don't want to take it off ... 
Party's at 5pm so plans before that : sleep , sleep , sleep ! 
Wants to see Daybreakers ! 
Trained in the back to day . It was awesome ! 
OFF TO WAIKIKI ON WEDNESDAY ! 
We're back ! 
4 hours today and not complaining . 
A customer asked \What is fudge ? \ " Enough said ... " 
It's truly annoying ... 
Pulling a double shift ... 
Tsunami + McDonald's = CRAZY CRAZY CRAZY !!!! 
I am being tried like crazy ... 
was put on a 30 day probation for being talkative a.k.a. being myself ... 
... 
It's amazing ... 
Can't wait to see Nightmare on Elm Street Remake ... 
* sigh * 
Who knew it could be so hard to find an article on the criminal justice system ??? 
Finally !!! One article down , one to go ... 
feeling weird ... 
THANK YOU EVERYBODY !!! ??? 
OMG , I can't stop laughing !!! 
Got an 85% on my project ! Woohoo ! 
What a \whoa\ " day ... " 
6 days this week , whoo ! 
2 days down ... 
Long day , tomorrow even longer day , me , incoherent ... 
One more day ... 
Today was crazy fun . Ha ! :-D 
Let's fast foward to next Friday , which is pay day . :-D 
Saturday ... 9.30 hr shift ... Johnna ( < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE >...) , FUNNY !!! Haha ... 
True friends can go long periods of time withoutspeaking and never question their friendship . ( Life is busy sometimes ! )And u can pick up like u just spoke yesterday , regardless ofhow long ithas been ........ REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one friend like this 
Uh , trying to find bugs for my < PROPFEMALE > flytrap ... 
UH , so annoying ... 
Family , you can't live with them , you CAN live without them but then there will be days that you wish you were living with them again ... 
I have a lot of work to do ... Proctor exams , preparing for proctor exams ... 
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY DADDIES !!! 
Long day : 4 hour exam , The Karate Kid ... What an awesome movie !!! 
10am-4pm not bad . Paid off the rest of my semester , ready for the next . :-) 
Woke up at 3:30 am this morning , prepared to go to work , got there and was told to come back at 2pm to 8pm . THANK YOU JOJO !!! ( this is sarcasm ) 
LOL !!! Today was CRAZY !!! ( < PROPFEMALE > with her secret hiding spot , < PROPFEMALE > with her crude comments , < PROPFIRST > being meaner than ever , < PROPFIRST > being more annoying than ever , and everything else being downright funny !!! ) 
The only reason why I would go back to chili's is to see that very , very attractive waiter . haha !! 
It's nice to be reading again ! I missed it alot ! 
A bunch of puppies came through drive-thru . AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHh , sooo cute ! :-D 
Passed 2 of my proctor exams , waiting for 2 more grades . Yes !!! 
Short day today , also pay day :-D Did good in drive-thru but it was only 3 hrs . I pray I can maintain my composure tomorrow ... 
* sigh * Today was a success thanks to God . 
HAPPY JULY 4TH !!! 
It's nerve wracking waiting for my grades , thinking about the car , thinking about Arches ... * sigh * 
Some guy comes through drive-thru and finds out that our shake machine isn't working and decides not to order . A moment later he asks how does he get out of the drive-thru ... Enough said ... 
Finally , all of my grades came in and I passed all of them . Thank you God !! 
McDonald's CREW MEMBERS : IF YOU WANT TO GO BOWLING NEXT FRIDAY JULY 16TH , LET KANANI OR ME KNOW !! iT WILL BE ON SCHOFIELD BARRACKS !!! :-) 
McDONALD'S CREW MEMBERS : SATURDAY JULY 17TH FROM 3PM-6PM AT WHEELER BOWL , IF YOU WANT TO COME LET KANANI OR ME KNOW !! :-) 
OMG , I akmost cried myself out of drive-thru . Today was hilarious !! 
Oh man , 3 days left to work , 4 days left for the store . I think i'm going to cry ... for joy !! Haha , j/k ! 
Yep , Predators was good . I'm going to sleep happy . :-D 
It couldn't wait until Thursday ? Really ?? :-P 
1 day down , 2 to go ! :-D 
RECENT UPDATE : JULY 17TH 2:30 PM MAUKA PARK & RIDE INSTEAD OF MILILANI McDONALD'S! LET OTHER PPL KNOW !!! :-D 
LAST DAY TODAY !!! AAAHHHHH !!! 
The sad thing about us closing is that our customers were treating it like we were the only McDonald's around . We've never sold so many frappes and smoothies in a single hour before ... 
5 days of no work ! Woohoo !!! 
It's sad to say that there were still customers going through the drive-thru ... 
Ready to bowl . Ok not really because I really , really suck at it . :-P 
We beat Justkelli !! Woohoo !! 
So many movies I want to see . I'm so behind . Haha ! 
My room's junky about 95% of the time . :-P 
One more day to relax . Start work Wed . 11am-4pm ! 
Going to see Sorcerer's Apprentice . Looks good . 
Ha ! Movie was good . Me happy . 
So after I pulled the fries from the fry vat , I dumped them back in . Seriously , this has never happened before ! 
3pm-7pm . 
Omg ... 
Lost count of how many times I woke up last night which is ridicalous and even more ridicalous was how long I slept for for each rest . 
I almost go smushed today thanks to < PROPFIRST > . haha ! 
Going car cruising and then to work at 3pm-9pm . So late ! 
Yay ! 
No wonder why I can't sleep . There are things that are changing and that are getting ready to change ... 
I shouldn't have taken that advil p.m. before work . I was slurring in drive-thru and I didn't even remember when I started work and when I was suppose to get off . Ha ! 
I have a headache ... 
Going car cruising again . 
I think too much ... 
It's so much easier to roll down than to climb up . 
Went to sleep whenever and woke whenever ... 
Tired . 
Should I even do the graveyard shift ? 
I'm going to sleep good tonight :-) 
Ugh , it's so frustrating having unorganized thoughts !! 
4 8hr shifts and 1 6hr shift this week . :-P 
It's getting old ... 
All I hear now is \blah blah blah blah blah ... \"" 
I'm sleeping but I don't feel rested . What's up with that ? 
Addicted to Netflix . :-) 
I don't know what happened this morning but I was awful in drive-thru ! 
OMG , giving sales to a woman is like giving < PROPFEMALE > to a baby !! We go crazy !!! :-D 
They noticed and that makes me happy ! :-D 
Happy , I'm booked for the next 2 days !! :-D 
I'm dead tired . Going to take a nap before I get prepared for tomorrow ... 
Eh , well , now maybe I'm free ... 
It was a nice day !! THANK YOU < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Mindhunters : such a good movie ! 
Would it have killed you to give me a warning ?? 
I pray that it stops now . 
OMG !! McTeacher's night was CRAZZZZYYYY !!! 
A customer comes to Mcdonald's and tries to order a whopper < PROPMALE > . Really now ? Really ?? 
Continue to focus on the not-so-important stuff and things will continue to fall apart . 
Until Supernatural starts again , I'm getting hooked onto Heroes . 
Making cranberry jello right now . It smells so good !! 
I guess it's a sign that I need a break ... 
Leave me alone , PLEASE !!! 
Resident Evil 4 was so good that it made up for the past 2 weeks of crap ... 
\You can not outrun me ! I am black !!! \ " - P . Diddy ( Get Him to the Greek ) LOL !!! " 
Ugh ... 
I can write a book on my pet peeves . That's how many I have . Haha ... 
My Soul To Take made me laugh but it was an ok movie . :-D 
Can't get this paper started . Ugh ! 
69 days in a mine shaft . Thank God all of them are safe . :-D 
I don't know . We'll see if I'm worthy enough . 
And breathe ... 
Wow , I just saw an ice cream truck go by . Haha ! 
Finally ! I'm looking forward to it ! 
Going to watch When a Stranger Calls ( 1979 ) :-) 
Can NOT wait until Friday/Payday !!! 
Luvin the rain !! 
Free !!! 
Watching Halloween 4 ! 
Goodnight ! 
Everyperson has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . Iknow that 97% will not post this as their status . But , I know that myfriends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status for at leastan hour . This is in honor of those that lost the fight and those that are still fighting . 
Like my status and I'll tell you :\ 
\ 
1 . Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . \ 
2 . The color you remind me of . \ 
3 . My first memory of you .... \ 
... 4 . The animal you remind me of .... \ 
5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you\ 
6 . My favorite thing about you . \ 
7 . Challenge you to repost this ! GAME ! 
I like the type of friendship where you can go a long time without talking and then when you meet up it's like you've never spent anytime apart . ? 
Done procrastinating ... I think . 
Finally done with the essay . * whew * 
Unfortunately , one more day left . :-( 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!! ? 
Omg , this is going to be kind of difficult but it was worth it ... 
I guess that means I have to prove you wrong ... 
Epiphany 
Wow ... 
Came in early again . That must be some kind of record . 
I don't know what to say ... 
Let's try again ... 
I'm not giving up . I'm just taking a different route . 
Let's see where this goes ... 
I'm human . At least I can admit it ! 
I wish I can put life on hold for a while and just sleep !!! 
2pm-10pm ! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!! ??? 
12pm-9pm then 5am-12pm . 
Going out tonight . :-D 
I ? Tangled ! :-D 
< PROPFIRST > 15:12 -27 Thanks Mommy ! 
Still up putting my cabinet together ... 
Going to bed now . 
Omg , armlets are expensive !! 
Well , let's see what happens ... 
So some dog almost jumped me drive-thru . Haha !! 
Chocolate does wonders ... 
Ok , almost done with Christmas shopping . :-D 
Feeling a little disoriented ... 
Thank God I'm off tomorrow ! :-D 
How can you not know how you are ? And if you know how you are , why not admit it ?? 
11am-5pm 
That would be an awesome Christmas gift ... 
7 more days 
5 more days :-D 
I'm sorry that some of you are getting sick . I pray that you get better ! 
6am-12pm :-D 
Finally done with Christmas shopping ! :-D 
*?* ? * < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!! *?* ? * 
Finally done with my paper . :-D 
Almost ready 
Glad I went ! 
Sleepy . Going to eat and then sleep . :-) 
4pm-8pm 
I have the sniffles . 
Can't sleep because of my stuffy nose ... 
Eh ... 
Ok 
To simply be mature is not possible for there are many ways you can be mature . Physically , mentally , spirituality , and emotionally . So just because you “walk away” does not really mean that you’re mature but that you choose not to work out the situation . You can’t “close the door” in everybody’s face and hope the problem goes away . If that’s your mentality , reconsider having children . 
Well , now I know . 
* Black Swan * 
Ugh 
Yep , i'm taking it for granted . 
Today was a good day . :-D 
\The Rite \"" 
Doing my taxes made me remember the episode where < PROPMALE > forgot to pay his taxes . ROFL !!!! 
I won't be able to sleep right until tomorrow . :-P 
* Whew * 
What happened ? 
Got a sudden craving for \Godzilla \"" 
This week is taking it's sweet time coming to a close . 
I can't stand people who are oblivious to their actions ... 
Surprises and epiphanies were today's theme :-) 
~?~*~ ? ~ hApPy VaLeNtInEs DaY ~?~*~ ? ~ 
You know what ? Whatever , at least I don't have to live with you ... 
So tired ... 
Just finished making cranberry jello for tomorrow . G'night! 
CRAZ•E 
It's getting harder to get up to go to work on Saturdays ... 
Cleaned my room and what do you know , i feel better . :-) 
The animals here are so comfortable . A cat just walked into my house , hoping to have a good dinner with my fish . :-P 
Man , we're really like onions . 
:-( 
I was so tired that I put my shorts on backwards . haha !! 
Ha , it sucks that I break out from makeup because it can be fun to put it on sometimes . Ugh !! I'm practically squinting ! 
\We got < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s over here bigger than a monster\ " ? NM " 
I have an extra copy of Spirit Bound , which is part of the Vampire Academy series , if anybody wants . :-) 
This gecko is always on my window at night , so I named him < PROPMALE > . :-) 
I was in drive-thru this morning when I watched a moth get picked up by a bird the same size as him and get dropped on the pavement just so it can get ran over by a car . My mood was off for the rest of the morning ... 
*~*~* Blueberry *~*~* 
< PROPFIRST > yourselves on the back because you guys make me want to eat !!! 
Sometimes the movie trailer is better than the movie itself . :-P 
Thank you God because I could have done something I would have been regretting for the rest of my life ! 
You can't insult someone to their face and pretend it never happened . 
Insidious was good and I misplaced my phone at the movie theater . :-P 
Skype - Get it ! 
Man , addicted to Netflix , Skype , Facebook ... aren't there rehabs for these tihngs ? 
