im bored 

so bored 
why does love have to hurt so much 
the past should be left in the past , otherwise it can destroy your future . Live life for what tomorrow has to offer , not for what yesterday has taken away . 
sigh 
got a new phone today finally call me text me whatever phone number is ( 573 ) 453-1890 
good night everyone 
my birthday is 20 days away 
goodnight everyone 
Here's a number that's NOT a game >> 5825 . That's how many TROOPS have been KILLED in Iraq & Afghanistan protecting You . Now THAT'S a status I'd like to see on everyone's < PROPFEMALE > ! Question is .. Who is thankful enough to post this 
this selective service crap is pissing me off saying that if i dont sign up i can be fined $ 250,000 when ive already signed up three times and they still send me these stupid letters saying i havent the government is run by a bunch of freakin retards 
Deppressed 
I fucking hate my life 
< PROPFEMALE > is on my mind 
my fucking back hurts sorry to everyone at the shelter for calling in 
i want nothing for christmas at least nothing that can be bought in stores 
Poke Me if you ever had a crush on me , Like my status if you think I'm cool , Inbox me if you ever wanted to date me , and/or Comment me if we had good times together .. Now Copy and Paste this onto your status & see what results you'll get . 
Still havent got that present 
Beastiality 
I am tired of people hackin my shit 
Ah a white christmas < PROPFEMALE > 
Im so fucking tired of my life everyones taken or some slut or fucking spun out of their mind on drugs im to poor to move i just fucking hate my life 
thank you everybody who said happy birthday and shame on the rest that havent jk 
tornadoes all around my town but none through what a disappointment 
Oh my god i am so fucking bored i do nothing 
Why is it that whenever i say anything smart it pisses people off since when was being smart a bad thing especially out here i seriously think that living out here has made my iq drop 
so tired of people i have a friend in california that i couldnt get a hold of for a couple days and i asked why and he said that he was doing mexican work for weed money why does everybody have to be so weak willed to let a drug fucking control there life 
YOU DON'T LOOK SICK !!! No I don't . It's hard to explain to someone when they have no clue . It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Anxiety , Bi-Polar , P.T.S.D. , LUPUS , Fibromyalga , Crohns , Diabetes , Arthritis , Chronic Back Pain , Epilepsy , MS , Depression . ) Judging Hurts . 
why is that in the bible the serpent is supposed to represent the devil and how the devil is wrong well considering that the serpent is the symbol of ingenuity and intelligence then the bible is saying intelligence is a bad thing the bible is full of to many impossibilities and people believe in everything it says it makes no sense 
Im so fucking tired of rain its been 6 days and it just wont stop and im supposed to move tommorow 
