Happy New Year everyone . I hope you have a good night , as well as a good year to come . 

< PROPFIRST > BOWIE IS GODDAMN AWESOME ! 
is listening to Pachelbel's Canon , trying to occupy himself . 
is listening to Akeboshi and reading manga . 
is listening to Akeboshi and reading manga again . 
just watched all five ' The Legend of Link ' videos including all three hour-long parts plus the ' Bombchu Commercial ' and the ' Ending Credits . ' That is a good three hours of his day gone ............ what now ? 
is going to bed . Goodnight . 
is up , unfortunately . 
is going to be at his grandparent's today sometime later . 
is at his grandparent's house now . 
is going home . 
is not asleep . 
is sitting . 
Good morning then ... I guess . 
thinks that the entire thing is completely boring .... No sleep either . Beautiful , eh ? 
Boring ... and sick to my stomache . Like if there were food in my stomache , I would have thrown it up already . 
starting to feel better now . 
is saying \Dammit . Why did it start to come back ? \ " He thinks that it's gone now though . " 
is feeling much better now . 
needs to stop sleeping from mid-afternoon to 9:00 pm . It's keeping him from sleeping at night . 
is saying goodnight , and farewell . 
is NOT saying goodnight and farewell . 
feels sick again . 
doesn't feel sick anymore after a pleasant evening of drinking orange soda , listening to the peaceful music of Akeboshi , and reading ' < PROPFEMALE > No Iru Machi . ' Goodnight everyone . 
is thinking damn . Hopefully breakfast shall help . 
is feeling sick , cold , and shaky . He wonders if he has a fever . Sadly , the only person who could test that is < PROPFEMALE > at the moment , and seeing as she is six , she might not be the most reliable source . 
has been up since 6:00 am . He is tired and unhappy , but at leaqst he is clean . 
is drinking terrible water ... there is stomache medicine in it . 
The medicine didn't work . It just doesn't make any damn sense . 
is back home after a weekend spent with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and partially < PROPMALE > . He is tired , and doesn't want to do anything for the rest of the week ... but he has placement testing tomorrow , so that won't work out very well . 
\Across the Universe\ " is now among his top favorite films . " 
is back from the placement tests and bored . He passed them all quite well , but now there is nothing to do and no one to talk to . But maybe there is .... 
has a new favorite movie as of the 18th . Across the Universe . 
is sitting at the computer , as if that weren't obvious . It's not very quite here . 
has just recently been made to feel .... Well shit . 
is going to be up all night , involuntarily . 
is drinking grape soda , watching Across the Universe , and hoping that the sick feeling in his stomach and shakiness will go away . He doubts it . 
is , as he thought , still up . 
Well , it's time to try sleeping again . 
barely slept . 
is doing nothing . 
wrote two songs today ... one depressing , and one kickass . 
is ... wondering if .... 
is offended at someone for someone else ' sake . 
is NOT so Rudie . Of course at this point there is only one person on facebook ... or at all , who knows what this means . 
is not so great , I suppose . 
Let me take you down ' cause I'm going to Strawberry Fields . Nothing is real , and nothing to get < PROPMALE > about . 
All you need is love . All you need is love . All you need is love , love . Love is all you need . 
is wondering why his morning has to go so .... 
is rather tired right now . 
Look around ' round ' round ' round ' round , look around ' round ' round ' round ' round , look around . 
Come together , right now , over me . 
She's so ... HEAVY . 
Mother Superior jumped the gun . 
Blackbird singing in the dead of night . Take these broken wings and learn to fly . All your life , you were only waiting for this moment to arise . 
Don't you know it's gonna be all right ? You know it's gonna be alright . It's gonna be alright . 
I get by with a little help from my friends , with a little help from my friends . 
It’s not a hill , it’s a mountain As you start out the climb Do you believe me or are you doubting We’re gonna make it all the way to the light But I know I’ll go crazy if I don’t go crazy tonight 
is at his grandparent's house today . 
is bored . 
Hmm .... 
wishes ... yeah ..... 
It's not alright if it's all alright tonight . 
Well , < PROPFIRST > D . H ., you were right about that ' hill - mountain ' thing . 
I'll wait for you . I'll hold my breathe , but I'll be releasing it . <--- Believe it or not , this is mine . 
I'll wait for you . I'll hold my breath , but I'll be releasing it . <---- believe it or not , this is mine . 
I just made an amendment to something . It's not alright if it's all alri ... never mind . It's just not alright . 
thinks it's funny how life doesn't throw you lemons OR chocolate , but instead sends you a head of lettuce , so you don't know whether it's going well or if it's completely torn to shreds . 
The more you see , the less you know ; the less you find out as you go . I knew much more then than I do now . 
Neon heart , day-glow eyes . A city lit by fireflies . They're advertising in the skies for people like us . 
I wanna trip inside your head . Spend the day there . To hear the things you haven't said , and see what you might see . 
moved in on Friday , and went to a student orientation today ... still so exhausted . 
She was , from the depths of her mind , a beautiful woman . But her sting killed with a poison from the depths of hell . 
She was , from the depths of her mind , a beautiful woman . But her sting killed with a poison from the depths of hell . <--- This is mine . Just came up with it tonight too . Dunno what spurred that . 
... Ironic , isn't it ? 
has been listening to the album Horehound by The Dead Weather and has cofirmed something by listening to it . < PROPFEMALE > Mosshart is ... wow . But anyway , he is now listening to Akeboshi and wondering how long his back-pain is going to last . 
I never know how to treat you . You think I love you but it ain't true . I'm walking away now . One step forward and back two . I like to grab you by the hair , and < PROPFEMALE > you up from the heavens . 
And through it all , how could you cry for me , ' cause I don't feel bad about it . So shut your eyes , kiss me goodbye , and sleep . 
I build a road for your mind , so your mind can go go go go . I build a house for your bones . I build a house , I build a home . 
I've had enough of romantic love , I'll give it up . 
I wanna see ... your smiling face go down to hell . 
I've crept through the water ; slipped through the vents . I've cut up my fingers . It doesn't matter much to me . <--- Mine . 
It's funny . You give something up , and that just makes it more and more difficult to get off your mind . 
I'll wait for you . I'll hold my breath , but I'll be releasing it . I'll listen for the sound of love in the distance . I’ll holler out to nothing ; beat out all my might . You know it’s not alright if it’s all alright tonight . <--- Mine from a while back that I thought I'd show the rest of(it's the first chorus to the song ) . 
isn't feeling too well . 
Some things you just can't find the time to say , no matter how important to you they are . 
And when you find time to say them , you have to wait for results .... 
I read the news today , oh boy . About a lucky man who made the grade . And though the news was very sad , well I just had to laugh . I saw the photogragh . He blew his mind out in a car . He didn't notice that the lights had changed . A crowd of people stood and stared . They'd seen his face before . Nobody was really sure if he was from the House of Lords . 
Is brewing with his parents and daughter . 
I saw a film today , oh boy . The English army had just won the war . A crowd of people turned away , but I just had to look , having read the book . I love to tur you on . 
Woke up , got out of bed , dragged a comb across my head . Found my way downstairs and drank a cup , and when I looked up , I noticed I was late . Found my coat and grabbed my hat ; made the bus in seconds flat . Found my way upstairs and had a smoke , and somebody spoke and I went into a dream . 
I read the news today , oh boy . Four thousand holes in Blackburne , Lanceshire . And though the holes were very small , they had to count them all . Now they know how many holes it takes to fill the < PROPFIRST > Hall . I'd love to turn you on . 
The sun is up ; the sky is blue . I've woken up and my ghosts are you . March through to the room and fall into a chair , and after i've done I wish I had a smoke . I'm getting home , my stomach sick . The thoughts of you still are thick . Waste my troubles away in the unnaccustomed drink , then fall into my bed and a dreamless sleep . 
Hand in the pocket , his finger on the steel . The pistol weighed heavy . His heart he could feel was beating , beating , beating , beating . Oh my love , oh my love , oh my love , oh my love .... 
May one upon one set three upon three and time revert itself unto thee . So Upon nigh of noon , < PROPFIRST > softy , a croon that mourns with the sparrow , endlessly . With breast beneath wood and face dressed with < PROPFEMALE > -- the bed where laying in stiff , sullen pose . Thine demeanor is pure . An ailment without cure . Thou speaketh without words , beautifully . 
Has decided that he is going to start writing again . Two years taken off from writing anything < PROPMALE > seems like long enough a break , so here goes . 
Non mihi , non tibi , sed nobis . 
' s feet hurt quite a bit . His legs are going to be sore tomorrow ... or in five minutes . 
has just been completely blown away by Imogen Heap's ' Hide and Seek . ' 
feels sick and is glad he doesn't have his morning class tomorrow . 
First train home . Got to get on it . 
is an idiot who has to get up early tomorrow and yet is still up at this hour . 
Early morning , early death ... ' nuff said . 
is being extremely pensive . Not a very unusual thing , is it ? 
is now paranoid . But otherwise fine . 
has finished reading a manga and is very sad about it now . It was a really good one that he didn't want to end . 
is now a practicing philologist . Stupid personality , making me work . 
< PROPMALE > þu < PROPMALE > ! 
Just listened to ' < PROPFEMALE > Road ' , ' Mystery Tour ' , ' Revolver ' , and ' Sgt . Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band ' and is feeling very Beatles'd out . His voice is a little weak on the side as well . 
Hahaha , typical of that one . The less pleasant , the easier to predict . 
is NOT happy with his day . 
has just reaffirmed and concluded that < PROPFIRST > Bowie is a fuckin ' GOD . 
Hm , why have I shown signs of not being used to .... You'd think I'd be used to it by now . 
And I feel so useless to you . 
I wanna trip inside your head , spend the day there . To hear the things to haven't said and see what you might see . 
' Cuz we are all a buncha liars tell me baby , who do you wanna be ? And we are all about to sell it ' cuz it's tragic with a capital ' T ' . Let it be , let it be , let it be , LET IT BE ! 
Certain parts of me want to act like an armadillo . 
The sun machine is comin ' down , and we're gonna have a party ! 
Body and mind apart . our thoughts and eyes are floating . Words ( being ) mirrors of the heart in spite of all our knowing . The need to hold you close as blood and heat arose ( just imagine ) . I want to take the leap as unstable as the ground is . It's not what anyone else here can do . <------- Mine ... believe it or not . 
Maybe the next time ... baka . 
has little to nothing to worry about at this point , but that's what worries him .... Has he become a character written by < PROPFIRST > Schultz ? 
fell asleep in the parlor last night before 9:00 pm , and woke up at 12:30 am . He then proceeded to spend the next twenty minutes on the computer before he went to bed . 
just watched Big Bird singing \It's not easy being green\ " at < PROPMALE > Henson's memorial service in 1990 . " 
IS PUMPED WITH AWESOME NEWS ABOUT < PROPFIRST > MURPHY'S NEXT ALBUM !!!!!! 
has had a good day . 
So tired , ( Not in a ' sleep ' way ) . 
Drop the sweetest drop . Give the thunder up . Rocking to the top . Sensor none the shame . Cling no more to shame . Ring me in the morning . Take me , take me in the rain . Oh come with me . Eh come with me . Concurr and swallow me . Explode secrete your tender . Let's scream out like the sea . 
You're so cruel and shamless , but I can't leave you be . You're so cold and dangerous , but I can't leave you be . You've got the kind of lovin ' I need constantly . Hooked up to my motor all day long . We go down to Texas , up to Montreal . Two eyes none the wiser in the deep . And when the water gets hotter , both hands in the deep . You got my attention . Oh you got it all . I can take the trouble , I'm 60 feet tall . 
We have no image , we're just called the good friends . We call the madmen as they fly to the ant hills . We never know , we never know . We sleep in satin nights , throwing energy like bluebirds , in twilight . 
needs to actually make use of his muses . 
is making use of his muses . Probably done with this piece today , though the music shall have to come later . 
awake and on the verge of boredom . 
is officially bored . 
is listening to Cascade , talking to Zoya and trying to ignore his slpitting headache that medicine has had no effect on . 
is still listening to Cascade , which he has just put on his profile with the imeem application . He encourages anyone who has heard and likes < PROPFIRST > Murphy to listen to it . 
is once again listening to Cascade , talking to Zoya and ... well I guess the only other thing I'm doing is reading manga . ( Finished ' Elfen Lied ' yesterday . It was a very good tragedy ) 
believes that solar flares are the secondary epitome of Energy . The primary epitome ( the actual epitome ) doesn't actually exist in physical form , but is just as beautiful . 
thinks it's funny how only certain parts of his brain are tired ... if that makes any sense at all . 
is finally back home from voting . 
has changed his status . 
has changed his status AGAIN . 
could not go to class today because he was pale white and felt as though he was going to throw up . So there's his only liked class , missed . 
is back form his day at Bowdoin . He is now pretty much doing nothing while at the computer . 
is occupying his time . 
I'm at this old hotel , but I can't tell if I've been breathing or sleeping or screaming or waiting for the man to call and maybe all of the above . ' Cause mostly I've been sprawled on these cathedral steps while spitting out the blood and screaming \Someone save us ! \"" 
I'm a PC and I DON'T program death into everything I make . 
is ... well , just IS , I suppose . 
beat the water < PROPFEMALE > today . 
hmmmmm . 
is now permitted ... very easily . 
WOLFMOTHER ! 
is back from an awesome couple of days away from home , in his second home . 
is not alive . 
has just read something that's made him laugh . 
thinks \Evil Dildo\ " is one fuck of a song ... pun intended . " 
Morning ....... numbers ............. why ? 
is awaiting a meteor-shower . ( I THINK that's what I'm staying up for anyway ... ) 
is going to have dinner at 9:00 pm . Yes , this is perfectly normal . 
Through it all , how could you cry for me , ' cause I don't feel bad about it . So shut your eyes , kiss me goodbye and sleep . 
We all wanna party when the funeral ends , and we all get together where we bury our friends . It's been ten fuckin ' years since I've been seein ' your face ' round here , and you're walkin ' away , and I will drown in the fear . 
took a nap and now is back to listening to Akeboshi and reading < PROPFEMALE > no Iru Machi ( by the same guy who wrote Suzuka ) . 
Hello me . I'm bored and the left side of my neck/shoulder hurts . 
is now extra excited for Spirit Tracks partially because he has recently watched an entire playthrough of Phantom Hourglass , beat Ocarina of Time earlier today , started Majora's Mask after that , and just now watched that same video he directed his mother to . ... Can you tell he's in a < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > mood ? 
hates his over-plundered Evony life . 
is pleased with Eiji Aonuma and looks forward to his further installments to the < PROPFEMALE > series . See the posted link to find out more . 
I want you , I want you so bad . I want you . I want you so bad it's drivin ' me mad . It's drivin ' me mad . She's so ............ HEAVY !!!!!! SHE'S SO HEAVY ( Heavy [ Heavy ]) . 
Beat snowhead < PROPFEMALE > today . Next to get a powder keg . 
stuffed himself so full of good food he couldn't move(over-filled plate with a thick slice of ham that convered the entire plate , and 5 types of pie ) , and went on a trip to Phan and hasn't come back yet . 
is an idiot to eat anything after the hell of yesterday's after-eating pain . 
is clocking out , and wishing you all a good night . 
is tired , just ... tired . 
is leaving for the night and wishes you all , once again , a good night . 
is ... exhausted ... for multiple reasons . 
wonders where the holiday went . 
has just had a very needed nap . 
is reflecting over the past year-and-a-half . Time is a very strange thing . ( PS . -Listen to \Ran Amber\ " by Pelican . There's a link to it in the imeem box on my profile ; below the friends box ) " 
Well , goodnight everybody . May that night and the morning following be very good ones . 
With my project finished , I say goodnight to you all and may your days be < PROPFEMALE > . 
likes naps . 
The people at Valve are FUCKING NUTS !!! 
Go ahead and leave me . I think I prefer to stay inside . Maybe you'll find someone else to help you . Maybe Black Mesa ... THAT WAS A JOKE , * haha * , FAT < PROPMALE > . Anyway , this cake is great . It's so delicious and moiste . 
thinks it's funny how few of the ' Social Interview ' he can actually answer . 
Well , it's nothing I didn't expect , I suppose . 
Okay good . It seems my professor isn't incompetent , she's just an idiot and sends me email she shouldn't have . Glad I'm not one of the people who are going to be failing that class . 
This hopeless feeling ; this fear of falling down , but I'm not crashing now . For all this bleeding , it wasn't worth the sound ; a million screaming loud . And still , the earth comes reeling ; the curtain calls my name . I'm not afraid . And you know , you may not miss me , but I am not ashamed ; the choice I made . But I can't let this go . Until the day , I'm never backing down . Just hear me say , I'll keep it safe and sound . 
is having very strangely fond memories ... about the calming blowout before the storm hit . 
Ahhh , wonderful wasabi . Once again , you have almost given me a nosebleed . 
Well ... the last day of the semester . Now an unfortunately short break before the hellish second semester starts . Hm , so is life . 
realizes that he wrote five papers in less than 24 hours starting yesterday around this time . No wonder he's exhausted . 
Today has been a very long day . It almost feels like the first half of the day either didn't happen or was a day or two before . Either way , I'm going to be leaving this day and proceeding with the night . My best wishes to you all . 
It's strange . Now that I don't have anything to do ... I don't know what to do with my time . Guess Runescape or Banjo+Tooie is in order . 
is pondering the future . 
is actually kinda pissed about something . 
is helping plans happen . 
is sitting here , just thinking about the future of this next year whilst listening to Imogen Heap . 
I'm slowly turning into you . And I'm slowly turning into you . < PROPFEMALE > la , < PROPFEMALE > la , < PROPFEMALE > laaaaa la la laaaa . 
has a squerril that is a pain in the ... upper lip . 
So , yeah yeah , I guess it's allright , yeah . Yeah , no no , I gues it's alright , whatever . Yeah , no no , I guess it's alright , yeah . Yeah , no no , I guess it's alright , whatever . 
Crying \GOD KNOWS I'M GOOD ! GOD KNOWS I'M GOOD ! GOD KNOWS I'M GOOD ! SURELY GOD WON'T LOOK THE OTHER WAY ! \"" 
got up way too early . 
The stickler is , you've played not one beat wrong . You never promised me anything . Even sat me down , warned me just how they fall . I knew the odds were I'd never win , yet here I am . It's a half life with you as my quarterback . A daft life . 
just moved 2040 lbs on his own in less than half-an-hour . 
It's funny ... and strange ... okay , I lied , it's really just strange . 
* sigh * Once again she pulls the same bullshit . This is getting really old . 
finally printed that application . 
is going back to South Gardiner tomorrow . Class on Tuesday . 
In the morning when you wake up and look into her eyes , and everything you're dreaming of is far beyond the skies , I believe we're going out into the open void , far across the sky , never wondering why . Oh , my little girl . Look into the other side and you'll find the time . 
Everybody's got a story and everybody's got their own . Do you feel any better when you find you're not alone ? As you lay on down and look into the sun , and you see somebody that reminds you of where you're coming from . Oh , my little girl . Look into the other side and you'll find you've begun . 
Ahhhhh , a beautiful snow-day full of lots of evil shoveling and good writing of several languages . Pity I'm still paying for the class that's supposed to happen today . 
In my head there's a greyhound station where I send my thoughts to far-off destinations , so they may have a < PROPMALE > of finding a place where they're far more suited than here . 
Hab ich gesagt , ich be dich ? So richtig laut ? ich be dich ? Jetzt trifft es grad auf dein gesicht , na < PROPFEMALE > , es war auch nicht gelogen ich war < PROPFEMALE > eben echt in dich verliebt . 
Best fuckin ' Valintine's Day I've ever had !!! YEAH ! 
BROOKLYN RAGE !!!!! Rage of the Brooklyn variety . 
just sorted through all his iTunes after putting it onto a new profile ... a whole two hours well spent ... well-ish , anyway . 
has just bailed out several gallons of mud from his basement . Unfortunately , there is plenty more that he can't pick up because it is liquid , and it'll probably fill right back up with mud when it rains anyway ... bugger . 
Well , we found out how to deal with the mud getting in . Now , what's the catch ? ( A ): It's worse than I thought ; ( B ): We can't deal with it yet ; ( C ): We don't actually know when we'll be able to deal with it ; or ( D ): All of the above ? 
I'm rather pissed off , actually . 
Wake up , come on ! Your tongue makes it happen . A little < PROPMALE > with the < PROPFEMALE > money in his hands . 
Some people die just a little , sometimes you die by the drop , some people die in the middle , I live just fine on the top . 
Long day ... out of it all day ... I don't think there was a single note I wrote today that I remember writing . 
' Twas the brother whom to kindred cynde be , but will'd not to cynd-red cynde , and ' twas this cynd-red who sought the < PROPFEMALE>'s love , drawn from dreams and set betwixt the roots of the Oak , but whom show'd love and cynde in-stead for Mab . 
Ah , writing music is always a good thing , especially when the music shows how much you've improved since the last time you wrote something . Now to think of lyrics that fit the song well . 
The darkest clouds have covered the sun . The darkest clouds have won . The wind picks up , rain's falling down . We wipe our eyes as we lay on the ground . Oh , the wind . 
But , the seconds wane as the blue < PROPFEMALE > , and with each , the hour is cost its Kronosian breadth . Let us continue . 
All hath been done . All hath the past in its name . 
I am gone , sir , And anon , sir , I'll be with you again , In a trice , Like to the old vice , Your need to sustain ; Who with dagger of lath , In his rage and his wrath , Cries ah , ah ! to the devil : Like a mad lad , Pare thy nails , dad , Adieu , goodman devil . 
Just had a video skype call with < PROPMALE > while I was sitting right next to him . I feel accomplished and ... hairy . 
Well , here I am . 
went downtown to buy light bulbs for his lamp , forgot them on the counter because he didn't know there were two bags , walked all the way back from the dorm just to pick them up only to find later that they didn't work anyway . 
thinks \Inception\ " is just as awesome the second time around . " 
just watched a whole load of karaoke . 
has been taking a lot of walks over the past few days and has no intention of stopping . 
used the straight razor today . It's a lot easier than I remember it . 
went to breakfast before they actually started serving it . He was forced to have an un-toasted bagel with cream cheese , a bowl of cereal , and a blueberry muffin . Luckily he went early enough that the larger coffee mugs weren't all used up . 
is tired of talking to himself . He's had a fair share of that the past couple of days and has filled the quota . Bloody mandatory quota of mumbling to oneself under his breath . 
spent all day in bed because of a high fever , missing two classes and being kindly taken care of . 
has really weird friends . But that's why we love them . Also , < PROPFIRST > Gilman is the best person in the world . * quota reached * 
Well , done with homework for the night . \ 
Now , has anyone ever had an experience where you sneeze while listening to music , so you don't hear anything , and when you look up from what you're doing , everyone in the room is looking at you ? Yeah , just happened to me . 
went on an hour or so long walk last night to the graveyard in the pouring rain . He got soaked and yelled at by multiple people . 
bored out of my friggin mind . 
Medical Records all check out . I was terrified for a while there . 
Good morning everyone . 
Sooooo out of it today . 
Being sick sucks , but hey , I've had a good evening . 
God , shaving again . This stubble thing is getting out of hand . I guess it grows faster than I remember . This is what I get for not shaving for more than half a year . 
Listening to Wolfmother again . Damn are they good . 
Oh girl , I don't know all the reasons why . I found the answer looking in your eye . I go out walking all day long . Take away this lonely man , soon he will be gone . ' Cause I'll tell you everything about living free . Yes , I can see you girl , can you see me ? 
Trying to get a hold of a friend who will cut his hair for free . Finally fed up with this hell sprouting from my head . 
has had Tatiiana cut off all his hair . ( THANK YOU ! ) It is short as of about 5:30 pm yesterday . He took a shower this morning and it lasted 10-15 minutes ... that's the shortest shower he's ever taken . 
Thanks to Chels , I have taken four pictures via Skype . She is going to kill me when I post the ones with her in them . 
Lolhacked !!!! 111oneoneone 
Well , it's been a good evening . A good day all around really . 
So much to do today . 
Busy schedule except for between 12:30 and 3:40 , and then again after 5:20 . I have to eat lunch late , and I missed breakfast too . Damn it . 
HACKED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The lack of ability to buy OR borrow books for History is really taking its toll . 
Studying with Chels . 
Got out of Linguistics early , not I have to wait until 3:50 to go to British Lit . 
Ten thousand years I have lived , or so they seem : Estranged as I am From reality , from juvenile thought . Once again I gaze up and see the silence Of the wind , clouds , stars ; and once again I am thrown into an estranged state , Where body and sense are as wayward voyagers , Lost at sea . 
For some reason , I am in a disgustingly bad mood . 
Dix mil < PROPFEMALE > ans que je vis , ou si el < PROPFEMALE > s semb < PROPFEMALE > nt , comme je suis éloigné de la réalité , de la pensée des mineurs . Une\ 
fois de plus je regarde et vois < PROPFEMALE > si < PROPFEMALE > nce du vent , nuages , étoi < PROPFEMALE > s , et\ 
encore < PROPFEMALE > e fois je suis jeté dans < PROPFEMALE > état séparé , où < PROPFEMALE > corps et < PROPFEMALE > \ 
sens sont < PROPFEMALE > s voyageurs égarés perdus en mer . ----------- So < PROPFEMALE > d familiar ? 
Fine , < PROPFEMALE > wins . 
Just got his wishlist approved . It seems he's going to have a relatively easy semester in the spring . 
Ah , fresh air ... I need to start wearing my gloves and scarf at night . 
has come to the conclusion that a scarf is a necessity now . 
won an iTunes gift card at bingo . 
Listening to Bauhaus while doing basically nothing . 
ever reluctant to get out of bed because you're leaving a beautiful woman in it when you go ? Yeah , I know the feeling . Bloody morning class . 
Finally knows why the 28th seemed so odd when he looked at it on his computer clock . 
Please\ 
join me in putting this in your status if you or someone you love has \ 
been eaten by velociraptors . It's time to let silent victims everywhere \ 
know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled \ 
up for vicious sport . Velociraptors are , after all , kind \ 
of ...... unstoppable . 93% won't copy and paste this , but let's see that \ 
7% that will . 
It's funny how I was laying down in bed just over five hours ago ... and then I was awake in bed for another two . Then I woke up at 10-ish . 
Just laying here , wishing Chels would feel better . 
bored out of my goddamn mind . 
Good thing < PROPFIRST > Costain and I coordinated our outfits today . I love to match my boyfriend . He's so cute ! 
It's late ... early ... late ....... I don't know , I have class at 8 that I have to wake up for at 6 . Time for my normal amount of sleep . 
There is a word I'm thinking of right now , this is a word that is often appropriate when discussing things that are extremely amazing , but is more often appropriate when discussing regretful or ( for lack of a better word ) bad things . This word begins with a Voiced Labial Fricative , and then a Central Tense Vowel , then a Voiceless Velar Stop . 
is\ 
worried about the threat of a new Dalek attack . Remember , to aim for \ 
the blue eyestalk . 88% of her friends won't repost this , but the brave \ 
12% will help to save the Universe . Please be part of the solution ... 
Another night where I wouldn't be able to sleep until 2- 2:30 in the morning if I had to . 
Sitting in Chels ' room , doin ' basically nothing . 
A day where nothing will happen , and little will matter . If every day were like this , life would be so easy . 
Finally finished my paper . Maybe a good hour or two of sleep will prepare me for handing it in later today . 
Just came in from being outside at 3:00 am . with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , catching snowflakes with our tongues . This is one of the things that makes the hassle of being here immediately worth it . 
Hell , 8:00 is way too early to start trying to speak French . 
Missing people already . Not even 24 hours gone from UMF and it's already started . I guess this is what happens when you pretty much live with your friends . 
Going back home tomorrow . 
Back home . Time to buckle down on this last bit of classes . 
Dammit . It's due on the 8th , not tonight . Now I'm extremely unhappy . 
I have come to the conclusion that your professor's mood has a great deal to do with your mood after the class . 
A very good night . I shall now finish this five minute work I have to do and attempt to sleep a bit . 
As if I wasn't already in a ludicrously good mood already , I just found out that I don't have a French final . Academic weight has just become 10 times lighter . 
Wow , those papers took longer to write than I expected . 
Going to Dresden today . Getting picked up at noon and stopping in < PROPFEMALE > on the way . See everyone when I see you . 
Home , let me come home . Home is wherever I'm with you . Oh home , let me come home . Home is when I'm alone with you . \ 
\ 
Yeah . Missing someone . 
I have this disturbing feeling that there's something I need to do , but can't figure out what this thing is . 
Back from nine days with < PROPFEMALE > . I am now very depressed , wireless internet-ed , and wanting to go on a ten-day World of Warcraft binge . 
< PROPFEMALE > has hacked my facebook again . I really should remember to log off every time . 
I have high hopes for this semester . 
< PROPFEMALE > Mills is officially an amoeba . 
I hurt my knee during PE , and while trying to avoid movements that made it hurt more , I pulled a muscle in my calf . To add insult to injury , my back also hurts today , both in the muscles and lower back/spine . 
Chinese food . Yum . Full . Bursting . I want more . 
Exhausted ... yeah , exhausted . 
Done with classes for the day . Relaxing in front of the computer . God , I hate PE . 
UPDATING STATUS . . . STATUS UPDATED . 
I'm coughing , feverish , and unhappy about it . 
Ah , no classes today . This is nice . I would have hated getting into the pool , rushing to Music and Film , and having to take a French test after that . Life has not given me a lemon . \ 
On that subject , what you WANTED lemonade ? Does that mean you'd WANT life to give you lemons ? 
Couldn't the fire drill happen when I'm NOT in range to get the effects of it ? 
The weather recently has been amazing . It's so strange to actually be thankful when there is a breeze . 
Is psyched that they're finally filming The Hobbit in New Zealand ! The government changed the labor laws just so the film could be filmed there . 
