Havent had energy drinks in forever and i have a few and i feel like im floating !!! Is this bad ? Plus Due Date is freaken hilarious 

So wired rite now it's not even funny lol 
Still going . The floating feeling has gone away haha 
playing Battlefield badcompany 2 ... being really bored 
does anyone have a PS3 .. if so do you have an account ... if yes , tell me now 
Don't go through life so fast that someone has to throw a brick at you to get your attention 
So its like 1:50 in the morning on Thursday .... i have a track meet today ... im bored for the most part ... and i might be racing next Saturday ... going to practice this saturday to see if car is good 
i ran 20 sec today at coeborn 
20 sec lap i ment 
Don't spend time hoping for the best to come but spend that time making sure the best will come 
i want a vacation really really really bad ...... :( 
have to work all spring break ... 
................... i think im addicted to Cod Mw2 .... maybe not a whole bunch but maybe alot ....... IDK ..... maybe im just really bored through spring break .... 
................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 
I WANT A VACATION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm going to go crazy from staying up late every night ....... everyones going to the beach or doing this or doing that ..... noooo i dont get a vacation .... i have to stay in kingsport and work all through spring break .... 
i feel better now some wat ... 
i think i cracked my skull ... head hurts .... stupid tree ... 
life goes on .... time moves on .... 
WWJD !!!!!! LOL 
Something I really want .... I new Dirt Bike because i broke the last one 
race car is ready to go . race tomorrow 
wish me luck guys 
just got back from the race almost crash the car in practice but came out with a second place finish ... woot 
well ... school tomorrow and i dont want to go .... 
track meet tomorrow at north ... then 2 more track meets for me and thats it .... its seems like its going by faster now ... : l 
My last day of school is May 24 ... is anyone going to miss the asian that makes people laugh .. then graduation is may 28 woooo . I swear if people start crying like last year .... 
they canceled the track meet . Now we have 3 track meets next week because they rescheduled it . Monday ... Tuesday ..... Thursday 
well i have a new event in track ... long jumping yay .... im so tired rite now but im going to work on race car and get it ready to race tomorrow 
why do People have to make up some kind of story that makes someone look bad . I really am tired of it . Drama is something i do not enjoy . Maybe other people enjoy it but i dont . I laugh at what people say about me now of days . Every time someone says something it just keeps getting better and better . You know what i dont really care because pretty soon i'll be out of high school where certain immature people go . 
leaving for the race . Wish Me luck guys 
we got two race cars now . me and my dad dont have to take turns driving now 
but still working on the wrecked one ... 
Has been a bad day ...... 
im not photogenic at all 
Home being bored and playing Cod lol . Im pretty bored rite now 
crap i just banged my head on my dresser looking for my remote . My head was bleeding . Gahh ..... 
Does everyone remember when we were little ... didn't have a single worry in the world ... those were the days ........... 
got my stuff for graduation , Its coming fast .. then its going to take forever when it comes close 
I\m tired of everyones bullshit . Im trying my best not to make anyone mad at me and somehow I do just that . I mean what do i do to people to make them mad . If you have something to say to me say it to my face and not say it to someone else . " 
I have a challenge for everyone that read this . Im being serious ... what have i done to make you so pissed off at me that you have to say something behind my back . Tell me what i done to make you say bullshit behind my back .... im curious ... and go ahead make my day .. 
well day was ok ... glad it was friday . Awesome ninja skills after school lol 
I almost crashed today because some stupid idiot pulled in front of me an i almost hit them . good thing nobody was in the other < PROPFIRST > on incoming traffic . I could have died . 
going to the picnic txt me 
im home playin cod . nothing else better to do lol 
going to the mall to return something 
GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR ...................... Rawwrrrr i kill scrubs on cod lol 
Life is full of surprises ... sometimes there good ... sometimes there bad ... but either way you have to accept them and move on 
15 more days of high school ... then its the real world 
Why do the good days go by fast but when its a bad day ... its slow as heck !! 
I hate running in Hot weather now ... but i still hate it when is cold more . My brain and my lungs hurt then lol 
No school Monday for me because im running in Knox . I qualify for sub sectionals but dont think i can make sectionals . 
One more week of serious school then seniors can blow the rest off HA ! \ 
Might be going senior skip day . have to see 
Does anyone know when we have to be at the school monday for the track meet 
Well the track meet just sucked for me yesterday . Got freakin last place when i shouldnt have .... I died after the meet . I added a whole < PROPFEMALE > to my time . My last track meet and i get freakin last 
i wish the next week was here already 
Race tomorrow at Coeburn Va 
Freaken race got rained out . Had the pole for qualifying but it just had to rain . If we had race would had won 
Im tired of everything . I really am . I try and try and it seems like I always fail . I dont really care anymore .... 
Why cant life hand you a direction book and tell you what you need to do . Really this would be helpful . Being hurt this bad sucks ... Im going to try to enjoy tomorrow 
GOING TO KILL DILLION PRICE FOR KILLING MY SOULDER . Every time i use my soulder it hurts like a mofo 
100% award ( boys cross country 2009-2010)\ 
\ 
Most Valuable Runner ( boys track 2009-2010 ) 
Why is < PROPFIRST > bateman calling me a pussy ... really if what did i do ???.... just wait till i graduate ... then i show you who is the real pussy 
got a race today at coeburn .... shooo ... i need to get some sleep . i have to be awake in 5 hours lol 
race was pretty good ... tired ... my eyes r bout to fall out but other than that doing good 
As my last day of school comes , I think of what I been through in life . There has been a lot of life lessons learn from my high school life . Im going to miss some people , and im going to miss somethings i was accustomed to doing . But now I have to take on the next chapter in my life . 
Is wishing that he someone to care for . Is looking around with wide open eyes and wondering if he is even good enough for anyone . If anyone takes the time to get to know me , I'll take the time to get you know better . 
Wow this is weird ... No more high school ha ha ... im going to go crazy thinking i have to get up early ... but i still have to take my brother to school :( 
Working on the race car ... its like 90 degrees out side and im dying of thirst gahh . Trying to get ready for the race on the 5th of june . Let me know if anyone is going to come to the race . 
look I can do this too\ 
< PROPFIRST > Bateman = Queer ASs BItch 
....................... this is stupid 
Wow ..... Im doing horrible in cod ... ( sigh ) today is not my day 
I swear now of days . There people who need to grow up . I dont even go to north anymore and people are still saying crap about me . < PROPFIRST > grow up ... and good luck with your relationship with < PROPFEMALE > . So just shut your mouth and leave me alone 
Going to ETSU Here in a few Then to get txt for my dumb other phone because i have to pay for my own txt 
Went to ETSU ... Lesson went well .... Now im home and im bored 
Wow im still up playing Call of Duty ..... I Have no life 
Alston and < PROPFIRST > is over 
Watching a scary movie with < PROPFIRST > and alston lol 
Is sleepy rite now because we stayed up all night watching scary movies . We watched a cow get obliterated from a car on Texas chainsaw massacre ROFLMAO 
Red Dead Redemption is FREAKEN AWESOME 
Hopefully going to ocean city this summer Its been like 10 years since I been there 
Had a good time at the party . Now im home and bored lol getting ready to get on the ps3 
I confused on what I should do . I don't know what i should do .... 
Turtle Beaches !!!!!!! I hear everything in the game now . Nobody can hide from me now on cod 
Gahh ... my ankle is killing me . I rolled my atv on me going down a hill . I acidentlly got it sideways and then it turned over on me . And i was under it trying to keep it from rolling on me and down the hill 
gahh ... another late night at work . Almost got the race car done . Just a little more adjustment and other little things that need tweaking . Then it'll be ready . 
It seems like everything happens fast . The good moments come and go to quick . The Bad events last to long . ( sigh ) I need some kind of break . 
Almost done with the race car . Wooo ! Next week im racing . Just got home from a race and got in a fight with another person ha ha . 
My freaken phone is messed up :( 
Race car is almost done Now . Im number 27 . Going to race at Coeburn saturday 
Racing today at Coeburn . Wish me luck guys and hope i dont get into a fight lol 
Well ... I just got home . 1st lap of the race Me and a guy kinda got into each other and the spin out and I stop in the middle of the strait away sideways and I get the crap knocked out of my rear . Then I got back in the race and finished third . Arm kinda hurts from the hit . 
its going to be an all nighter working on my dads race car . Trying to get a motor in the car and the parts are everywhere in the tri citys . Gahhhh ... i need to stop stayin up so late . Hopefully we can get it done tonight . 
well race in the morning and < PROPMALE > is coming with me to the race 
just got home from the race . qualified 3rd and finshed 2nd . Dad finished 1st 
my race car is red now !! 
Going to Newport today . Hopefully i dont scratch the new pain on the car lol 
..................... LOL . Its just funny what people say now of days . They'll say something and do the complete opposite . Really .... lol . Do what you preach thats all the advise im saying 
Dont feel to good . Had a headache thats been killing me since 6 o'clock in the morning and kept me awake since ... can really sleep because it hurts so much :( 
Race Tommoroow . Going to Coeburn Va . If i finish in the top 5 , they want me the pull the head off the motor and they want to see the head , cams , pistons . < PROPFEMALE > might be going with me :) 
still dont feel good .... this headache makes me feel like im going to puke .. 
Going to get a well deserved vacation this week end . leaving Friday . 
well Im kinda near the beach but not there yet . We r getting a condo . But good so far 
Having a good time here . Relaxing !!! and getting plenty of it . 
OMG .... Im going to be an old man by the time i turn 21 . Im so tired and worn out 
Going to race at kingsport next sat . U all should come and support me 
Race this sat at kingsport . excited !! 
Race today at kingsport ! wish me luck guys 
Well ... Lets try this race again . Hopefully we will finish the race 
Thanks to everyone who came and supported me at kingsport . Got second place 
Just got home . Tired . Worn out . Have the smell of beer and cigarette smoke stuck im my nose . but in all a good day . Seen a friend from south i havent seen in a while . 
I might be racing at Bristol Speedway Sept . 11 . Dont know but will see . 
I wish life wasnt so stressful . I know that if there is a will , theres a way .... But sometimes it just takes to much will to to get your way ... 
I quick scope for fun XD ... 
college starts monday . Remembering the days when i was little and didnt have a worry in the world lol . Now everything is a worry 
Heading out to my first day of college 
This stupid command prompt is pissing me off 
yesterday and today just isnt my day ... oh well pay backs are hell is all i have to say to him . You just dont put someone into the wall and not expecte anything back . Just how reatared r u . Hes just a fucking sore loser . Has to win at all cost . Im doing it just to have fun but when u start fucking with me . I punch back harder 
my stomic is still upset from the wreck and my shoulder hurts oohh well ... feel alot better when i get my payback 
yawn ...... Im getting to old for this crap 
Hey . How funny is this !? Press \ALT and F4 \"" 
yay .... critical reading and writing for 3 hours .. NOT !!! 
Just got home ... class was ok i guess ... now im starving 
today isnt my day ... hopefully tomorrow will be better 
well ... I survived my second week of college lol . \ 
good have to worry about homework for the morning ha ha . just got a 2 quizzes to worry about 
well ... just got home . Got the race car fixed . Need to tweak on a few things on it then it will be ready to go . 
I feel like i been beat . I dont know why im so sore ? Not feeling to good either 
day was ok . cant sleep .... 
Well ... I almost feel asleep while driving . Day was ok . Drivers meeting for Lonesome Pine is next week , not this week . oh well ... 
I think life is pretty rough rite now ... 
Well today was pretty good . Went shopping with < PROPFIRST > . Then school was ok . 
Zip ties r my race cars best friend lol . At least for the bumpers . 
Just got back home . Been waist deep and under race car . Yawn ... worn out for the day 
Im on probation !!!!...... \ 
At the race track . For something i was a victim of . Oh well .... \ 
so if i rub on anyone ... im baned for the rest of the season lol ha ha\ 
this just keeps on getting better and better 
trying to find the observatory and failed at it ..... no i have to result in a map now lol 
I forgot how much I hate getting up early .... one day each week ( sigh ) but at least its just one day though 
HOMEWORK HOMEWORK HOMEWORK .................... 
Is finally done with the project . ( sigh ) now to try and get some rest and work on the race car tomorrow . 
Just got home ... tired as crap ... bed is good ... but have to submit project first ... then bed .............. then the race today lol 
Well i'm still tired as crap but going to do a few more things to the car then it will be ready for the race today . Wish me luck guys . 
Needs a book that tells him what to do and when to do it 
ZOMBIES lol Dead rising 2 
YAWN .............................. Tired .............. Bed ............. \ 
But then i have work in the morning . Schools going be the death of me lol oh well 
Well day was pretty crappy ...... 
Who turned the heater off outside ? 
end of crappy day #2 .... oh well . have to say ... falling off the hill and landing in a dirt pile was somewhat fun lol . didnt really hurt bad . but still did . 
at school studying for the test ... gahhhhh . hope i do good 
I'm still awake ?!?!?!? blahhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
college sleep deprived me :( \ 
well i cant really blame college ... but i still want to lol 
Hit markers with my intervention on COD ruins the game lol 
Yay no school tomorrow . I can actually get a little more sleep . but still have to work tomorrow and going to work on the race car for the race sat . 
Just got home .... reeeaallllllyyyyyyy tired . Wish me luck in the race tomorrow . 
Well .... We are baned from LPR . 
?????????? 
Unë jam i mërzitur 
Sleepy temps pour moi 
Likes Halo Reach 
Riddle : At night they come without being fetched , by day they are lost without being stolen . What is it ? 
Riddle : It goes up , but at the same time goes down . Up toward the sky , and down toward the ground . It's present tense and past tense too , come for a ride , just me and you . What is it ? 
Riddle : For some I go fast for others I'm slow . To most people , I'm an obsession relying on me is a well practiced lesson . What am I ? 
Riddle : A blue house is made of blue bricks . A yellow house is made of yellow bricks . A red house is made of red bricks . An orange house is made of orange bricks . What would a green house be made of ? 
Riddle : They have not flesh , nor feathers , nor scales , nor bone . Yet they have fingers and thumbs of their own . What are they ? 
Riddle : The answer I give is yes , but what I mean is no . What was the question ? 
Riddle : Four cars come to a four way stop , all coming from a different direction . They can't decide who got there first , so they all go forward at the same time . They do not crash into each other , but all four cars go . How is this possible ? 
Riddle : A black dog is sleeping in the middle of a black road that has no streetlights and there is no < PROPFEMALE > . A car coming down the road with its lights off steers around the dog . How did the driver know the dog was there ? 
Riddle : It walks on four legs in the morning , two legs at noon and three legs in the evening . What is it 
Riddle : A girl was after a talking parrot , so she went to the local pet shop in the hope of securing such a find . She was in luck . The shop assistant assured her that the parrot would learn and repeat any word or phrase it heard . She was delighted . However , a week later , the parrot still hadn't spoken a word . She returned to the shop to complain . The assistant was accurate . Why didn't the parrot talk ? 
Going to race at Newport tomorrow . Lots of work to do and have to get up really early .... The things I do to go racing lol 
Getting ready to head out to newport . Wish me luck ! 
Is worn out . Needs a vacation big time . 
BLACK OPS IN 2 WEEKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
BLAH ............................. :/ 
Change of plans . Im driving a LateModel at Kingsport Speedway :) :) 
Call of Duty Black Ops at 12 tonight . Then probably an all niter lol 
Studying for the exam today ... hope i do well since its like 20% of my grade 
Yay to getting paid for buc brass . Now to spend that money somewhere lol . 
Needs a long break ..... 
Im as frustrated as a midget with a yo-yo rite now ..... 
...... I dont know . Can I give up ? Will I give up ? No . But sometimes I just feel like I should ... 
Working on my quiz 12 until class starts . 3 more lab classes inculding this one . And 3 more lecutre classes then im done with intro to computer science . The its intro to computer science 2 . And what ever else im taking . 
Done with Quiz12 . Now to relax until the acutal quiz . 
Why can't things be simple ... 
2768200 ... Fun times in mrs. hamilton's class haha ... fun times getting on your nerves most of all ... pretty awesome person in all ... love to make fun of the way you talk to ... lol 
99 ... we go to the same school ... just seen eachother recently ... said i looked like a eskimo when she seen me lol ... likes my hoodies with a bird on it ... also fun times in mrs. hamitons class .. lol 
27 ... picked my race car number haha yay ... came to two of my races ... pretty awesome person ... makes funny sounds when we play volley ball ... then i make fun of her by making that same sound haha ... 
222 ... fun times in track ... miss this person ... and she misses me to i know haha ... she told me ... expecialy when she uses me as her anger management punching bag haha ... i'll come by and visit you at one of the tack meets :) haha ... 
It seems like all i do in school is stare at screens in my computer classes for hours ... 
303 ... I really really really miss this person alot ... loves her to death ... alot of good memories with her ... and funny ones too haha ... is a really good friend ... pretty much an awesome person to me ... she means alot to me ... the most prettiest girl in the world ... means the world to me ... :) 
19 ... kinda knew you threw track ... almost spit sunflower seeds on me haha ... yea thats rite asians got to stick together hahahaha ... but pretty cool person 
21 ... I see this person in the most random of places like at bristol speedway lol ... went to school with you through 7-9 ... marching band was fun ... need to catch up sometime and < PROPFEMALE > sometime ... pretty awesome person 
Err ... Dont like shoveling the drive way . Ours is too long and i fell 2 times . The second time hurt . Now my back hurts ... 
:( 
FML ! If one more thing goes wrong idk what im going to do ..... 
...... FML .... Worst day ever . 
Basketball game at ETSU . Get my $20 for the day . Then idk what . 
All the noobs are still on COD Modern Warfare2 . HAHA 
So far im in the running for the GT5 Tournament . ( in the region ) \ 
#1event -28 \ 
#2event -39 \ 
#3event -68 
Dear people who dont know how to drive in traffic , \\n\\nstay off the freakin road !!! 
Going ice skating with my little cuz 
Just got done skating . Now my cuz wants to go see the lights . gah she wont make up her mind . lol 
.... got a headache 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! 
hmmm . A month and 9 days till im 19 . Man i'm getting old . 
Just really tired of everything .... 
Wishes it was March 12 already so i wont be locked up in my room all day wasting away . 
Basketball game at 4:45 tomorrow . Then idk . 
Back to school tomorrow ......... 
Really ... Who ever said in the question thingy that i cried during the titanic doesn't know me well ... lol 
Sitting in my first class ..... 
Didnt know COD could make my day . lol Is that bad ??? Well i threw a tomahawk at a guy randomly and hit his rc car as soon as it spawned on the ground . I jumped up and said WTF !!! lol 
My chest is killing me ... :( 
I love < PROPFIRST > tester 
PEOPLE CAN'T DRIVE WORTH A FUCK AROUND HERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! PEOPLE PISS ME OFF SO BAD !!! IM IN SUCH A BAD MOOD RITE NOW 
Going to practice today at kingsport speedway . :) 
well broke a timing belt today . A lot of work to do before the race . 14 more days . YEA ! 
Heading to < PROPFEMALE > in one more hour !!!!! 
Yay for Hershey's creme pie . Yum ! 
Working on the race car . Anyone want to help ? Lol 
Well unfortunately I wont be racing tomorrow my motor is still apart and waiting for parts but I'll be back on the track on Friday :) 
good race today . Strut went out and the car wouldnt turn . i think i either finished 4th or 5th . I'll post video soon . 
Im getting a GoPro for my race car !!! ohh yeaa 
By < PROPFIRST > Walden\ 
Kingsport Speedway Media/Public Relation 
