gonna pop , having this baby tomorrow !!!! And < PROPFIRST > made it home . 

People pretty much suck , but you love them anyway and deal with it and according to that stupid quiz I am a huge asshole ...... Heading to < PROPFIRST > with all the other assholes 
To < PROPFIRST>'s many wonderful sisters we are getting married April 1st 
Is it illegal to beat down your ungratful selfcentered 17 year old son in the state of Texas ? 
Oh my their are more of you than I thought .... well the more the better , I will rope off one section just for < PROPFIRST>'s brothers and sisters , I have several of my own :) 
The Locator !!!!! Ya'll need help and you need to have a full complete reunion in his yard , I'll bring the cake who's got the cool-aid ? 
Love watching my 10 year old daughter play and love on her baby brother , restores my faith in Humankind . Love is real and alive . 
Hope everybody who needs releif from a stress laden life gets its , you know who you are !!!! 
Lost my one and only loan ...... now I have no income coming in and shit keeps getting worse and I am about as down as I get , FINES , FEES , Court cost just freakin kill me !!!! 
Paying bills at six-thirty is not a good idea it makes for a really depressing day 
My neice had a lymphnoid removed we are very worried and they will not tell us anything till next WEEK so we are left holding our breath ...... 
And I humbley apologize to everybody who has had to read my selfish grumbling and basic pissy attitude ...... I will try to be more chipper and gratful for my healthy and wonderful family ............. Merry Christmas EVERYBODY !!!!!! 
No Health Insurance for a year !!! Nice ..... 
Ok the Holiday's are over * whew * My New Years resolution for next year , to have met my other two sisters . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > brace yourselves this is going to happen . 
YEAH NAWLINS ROCKED IT ..... ALL NAY SAYS GO SUCK YOUR SOUR GRAPES !!!! 
I will gather pictures but there are not many 
Me at 30 
I have no family photos really but I will scan in what I have tomorrow .. 
221.30 Albq to SFA I am so tempted to revert to my old crazy fly by the seat of my pants self 
Moving in !!!!! 
OK moved in now I need about a million hard working elf type people to come throw it together while I sleep , for those of you who have been ignored \ I'll Be Back\ " soon ... " 
To my content friends my happy friends Rain Is Good 
Still trying to get moved in and now the kids have fever and tummy trouble and I have no help ... and have to miss work and I like my job . 
According to NHTSA men have more wrecks ! not by a lot but they are also 70% more likely to die , because they are more aggressive and more likely to drink and drive ! :p 
Love those of you I'd like to be with and can't 
Thinking about going back to school and FINISHING this time !!! But what to finish lmao HELP !!! 
Ok I have always been cool about being blown off ..... no biggie such is life , plans change yadayada ...... so ths is for the poeple who are not cool about it ..... you are no longer excused when you do it to me or my family .... EVER 
I have two shiny nickles for anybody who wants to come help an overwhelmed mother of four !!!! 
Tripps eardrum burst at daycare and he has an infection in both of them , < PROPFEMALE > got the tonsilitis 
One of my DEAREST yet annoying friends is moving away ..... happy and sad all at the same time .... who is going to scare me at midnight coming in to watch TV and pass out on my couch ?????? Not to mention complain about my food ... well he is not getting his toothbrush , not in a million years 
stupid stuff driving me nuts 
I am such a big chicken I am watching the happening 
I need a dog !! One good sized not huge dog , just one !! Amarillo Police say this is a good way to keep people OUT of your home ....... or a small dog with a big bark lol 
BEWARE OF THE TOES YOU STEP ON TODAY ! THEY MIGHT BE ATTACHED TO THE FOOT IN YOUR BACKSIDE TOMORROW ! 
wondering if certain people are loving the tree's the their new life freakin something . 
LOVIN SKYPE 
Work is stinky boring today :( 
last day of school !!! kids are so dang happy 
Been here at BSA hospital since 2 its now after 7 
Looks like Tripp is out of the woods , but even at home we have to be isolated until the results come back : ! 
no smoking day two feeling kinda jittery 
My kids are AWSOME , they always pull together in a pinch :) I am proud to be their mom . 
< PROPFIRST > hope the next trip is better for you than the first :( 
I knew it :) 
Iced < PROPFIRST > my favorite ...... * yummy * its nthe little things that make life worth living :) 
I wanna vacation I need a book and a beach 
My < PROPFIRST > is 18 Today !!! happy birthbday baby :) 
I need a crib ! So if anyone has one used in good condition for free or a nominal charge I would be very gratful , hate to ask but am tired of not having one he is almost one , for goodness sake . 
Loss :( I am very blue today ....... missing people I love . Family , Friends long dead and Freinds far removed ..... things altered and changed and I feel afloat . 
God-given dreams have no expiration dates . < PROPFIRST > Duplatis 
I have the best sisters ever , and am so grateful . 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Psalm 34:18 The LORD is close to the brokenhearted \ 
and saves those who are crushed in spirit . 
please read and repost the comment concerning < PROPFIRST > Seager its important !!! 
I want a craftsman auto hammer !!! or I am exhausted and need to stop watching TV 
HOPE 
I am so crazy today ....... I don't know where to begin 
< PROPFEMALE > is my HERO ! I got one full nights sleep ! Thanks tons 
Things are moving but in which direction ??? 
I know two children who are literally fighting for their lives right now , in very diffrent ways but in the end its all the same . < PROPFIRST > , Aynslee please hold on people are loving and praying for you everywhere . 
No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper ; and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn . This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD , and their righteousness is of me , saith the LORD . 
PRAY PRAY PRAY for Aynslee ................ she is struggling to < PROPFEMALE > on ! We want a complete and totel healing for this baby .... if its Gods will . She needs all the covering we can give her .... 
My Father Watches Over Me in Hebrew ??? ???? ??? 
I am gonna blame it on PMS and I owe somebody many apologies I won't say his name but I'll give you his initials < PROPFIRST > Beck :) 
Eclipse rocked yes I am a dork ....... 
LOVE MY SISTERS YES I DO :) 
Col 3:13 Make allowance for each other's faults , and forgive anyone who offends you . Remember , the Lord forgave you , so you must forgive others . 
Please be careful tomorrow , if you drink don't drive , watch for those who do and be safe with the fireworks !!! 
http://www.missingkids.com/missingkids/servlet/PubCaseSearchServlet?act=viewPoster&caseNum=1150816&orgPrefix=NCMC&searchLang=en_US 
Lets all keep praying for < PROPFIRST > !!! Please lets get him home . 
Tripp's 1st Birthday is Friday on Saturday we party !!! cake ice cream the works . 
birthday party off , and its all good because now I will never feel obligated to attend another one myself :) 
Hummmmmmmmmmmmm I would like to steal some prayers if I may ... We need jobs in my house ... 
Ok this is cute , for all of you who know < PROPFEMALE > you know how funny she is , now remeber she is 11 I wrote her a text telling her how much I love her she wrote back .... \ I love you too and MAKE God be with you\ " ..... guess you had to be there :) " 
It's Sisters Week !! If You Have A sister who has Made You Laugh , Wiped Your Tears , Hugged You Tight , Watched You Succeed , Saw You Fail , Cheered You On , & Kept You Strong ......... Copy & Paste This To Your Status . \ 
PS : Sisters are the best ... whether they are related by blood or not 
Beating your head aginst a wall for an hour burns 150 calories . Just Saying 
How the heck do I get these picts up on facebook I am completely dependant on my Blackberry !!!!! 
I cannot make it work ................ Fine no pics :( I don't know how to reformat PDF to Jpeg or what the crap ever ..... 
Well Colorado here we come :) 
just for the record I am packed and dressed and ready for the Tripp 
I made sure nobody was waiting on me ! 
colorado at last !!! 
NOBODY has ever gone to jail for doing something \SMART \"." 
people amaze me and not in a good way right now I try to avoid problems but you have issues with me give me a call 
who has to put up with 100+ heat and below zero cold ? the Texas Panhandle that's who !!! 
104 Degress , fall please hurry ! 
No kidding I a have had bad issues with them too !!!!!! Get them < PROPFEMALE > 
I hate waiting at the dentist !! 
why do we love the mothers of our lives even when they have been lousy caretakers-Amy Tan 
Tripp walked !!!! 
I am a failure as a mother its official . 
Top this ! BLOW OUT on I-40 new tire even two weeks old ! Tripp fell broke teeth on coffee table . < PROPFIRST > finally makes its to his first day at new job and they have no idea who he is ?! So he sprains his ankle ! there's more but I'm out of room . 
next we try to get the oil changed since have to get a new tire and the nut is stripped and we have to take it and have it drilled out somewhere . So we leave and < PROPFIRST > pulls out in front of some kid ! He starts to say he is sorry but the kid is to busy cussing so I roll the window up ! All before 10 AM Jesus help us please ! 
They asked for someone else , because of the Blowout NO JOB this day really is truely awful 
I am the accursed stay clear at all cost , if you count me a friend run screaming in the other direction .................... you have been warned !!! 
< PROPFIRST > was in a car accident just know his leg is broken so far 
< PROPFIRST > is getting a Titanium < PROPMALE > in his leg this morning after the wreak last night it was worse than I thought 
Surgery that was supposed to last 45 < PROPFEMALE > lasted 3 1/2 hours !!! What a mess . Contusion on his lung ..... gotta watch out for that . 
Somethings are just not meant to be ..... they run there course and the only logical solution is to end it . 
I don't like people who lie , PLAIN and SIMPLE . 
It takes a lot of \atta boys\ " to make up for one \ " oh sh ! t \"." 
\Be devoted to one another in brotherly love . Honor one another above yourselves . \"~ Romans 12:10 " 
< PROPFIRST>'s childhood best friend's brother was killed last night in a car accident on I-40 his name was < PROPMALE > Atwood , we do not know yet if < PROPFIRST > was in the car . Please pray for the Atwood family . 
I HATE THE IRS !!! YOU HEARD ME , I AIN'T SCARED !! 
They feel the need to have an \ EXAMINATION \ " of the finances of a poverty level working mother ? how bout the personal finances of Country Wide CFO's and Goldman-Sachs ..... " 
crazy , bizarre , night , week , month !!! 
EX called last night after disappearing off the face of the earth and no childsupport !!!! His life is so crazy that it makes mine seem better ..... is that wrong ? 
I'm not bossy ... I just have better ideas !!! 
Gravity --------------- John Meyer this is how I feel right now ...... wish I had the CD . 
I just wanna give a big O thank you to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for all the help they gave us moving today ...... and a thank you to < PROPFEMALE > for keeping Tripp so we could do anything !!! :) oh and the kiddo's to !!!! 
Nervous breakdown , turmoil , overwhelmed , despair , words that describe yours truly ,,, please pray for relief ! 
this is one of the worst days of my life and that's saying something 
EVERYBODY seems to be having a hard time !!!! If I have seemed pity poo I am sorry , I am human . Prayers going out to those I know of having serious issues family and finance !! We all need to keep our head up it will not last forever ..... 
Every body has lost there dang mind !!!! And guess what else people every little thing is not a BIG O deal ...... 
I'm your friend oops no I'm not I'm your friend oops never mind 
Halliburton ! 
Dang < PROPFIRST > got the job at < PROPMALE > too :) 
I desperately need someone to keep Tripp so we can finish the house on 16th 
no takers go figure ...... lol 
Got a second job !!!! hoo rah !!! Better late then never :) 
I wonder if I can do this ? \ 
Get up at 5AM pick < PROPFIRST > up at 7AM and drive 45 < PROPFEMALE > to get him to work at 8AM . Head downtown be at work by 9AM . Get off work at 5PM find a place to change and nap and head to work at 8PM and Get off at 4AM ....... drive home one hour oneway , get home at 5AM sleep for a second then get up and do it all over again ....,,,,, :( I do not think I can do this and I really need to . 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy-paste this on your wall . But will you do it & leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education Week , and this is in Honor of all ... the kids who need a little extra help , < PROPFEMALE > , and love . 
Insanity 
< PROPFIRST > is fine and resting well , I don't think he fully grasps how close he came to death . Binge drinking IS NOT A JOKE ! 
< PROPFIRST > is going home today ! 
People are strange ? Been a very tense day !!!! 
Saw a girl today in great Tee-shirt all it said was \CANCER SUCKS\ " made me wonder who she loved and had it made for ? " 
Sitting at Halliburton !!! Waiting Waiting Waiting :( 
I just realized I'm \that wife/girlfriend\ " that NOBODY likes !!! O'well " 
Why is health insurance so complicated ? I have read so much my head hurts , no end in site ! 
WORK !!! 
I wasn't born in Texas but I got here as soon as I could 
I love my life ! I have the best friends ever A and J and S you know who you are , Wonderful sisters and kiddo's .... and best of all light at the end of the tunnel :) 
I made a grave error today , while listing the people I adore I forgot my toe jam , I can only hope she knows that I would help her hide the body ! lol 
Stupid Taco < PROPFEMALE > 
I WANT A KINDLE ! 
Found out all sorts of bad stuff this week , pretty heart broken but still standing . Please pray for my kids Tre ' , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > that they win these battles they are fighting . They deserve to be happy :) Please pray that this onslaught is arrested its getting overwhelming . 
Nothing like taking the Ex to jail ...... Talk about de-ja-vu 
I always thought vengence was a dish best served cold ... but I recently learned getting it might end up tasting like * hit anyway . So my advice \never wish/pray for someones downfall it might not feel as good as you think . \"" 
pretty uneventful day ! thank goodness ! 
Curled up in my semi clean house rain outside ! Candles lit snuggling up with my kids watching A knights Tale 
I despise the IRS .... 
faith is the ability not to panic 
Strange crazy times ?! life can sure throw some pretty nutty balls at you . 
got my 12 year old home at 4 AM I am so tired and sick of all this . 
All my life turmoil and BS , God I am tired and ready for some peace . 
had to put my 12 year old in a lock psychic < PROPMALE > today I must being doing a bang up job , two down two to go . 
< PROPFIRST > has to be one of the kindest , understanding men I have ever met ! He is good to me when I am a loon and even when my baggage gets crazy ! I will not mention the fact that he leaves his clothes all over the house and leaves all the lights on , I just won't mention those < PROPFEMALE > flaws :) 
It is so quit here I can hear my watch ticking ....... 
spaghetti sauce and a fifty cent loaf of bread a dinner does not make ! Things are better today ! thank GOD :) 
The New < PROPFIRST > Hood was a disappointment , I wasted two dollars :( 
6K divided by 30 months = 1 C note a month that would cover everything comfortably Ang 
Hope to be heading to Wichita Falls early tomorrow ........ 
How does all this crap end up on my < PROPFEMALE > 
Goodnight 
< PROPFEMALE > had a little duck , and the duck and < PROPMALE > fought and the duck electrocuted < PROPMALE > with the cord from the stove 
I do not like dreams where people I care about die . * SHIVERS * 
Getting My Child support back yippy skippy !!! 
Going to stay home and take care of my babies ... SO scared 
I love it THANKS SO MUCH for bothering to know me so well :) 
Tomorrow is October 29th Hermit Day 
finally got to talk to < PROPFIRST > !!! I am such a dork wish I was not so nervous and tongue tied oh well they were warned I AM A DORK :) 
and what a bonus < PROPMALE > HORROR PICTURE SHOW tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > , brings back the memories :) 
Kids may not remember every time you show up , but they will remember EVERY time you didn't . 
< PROPFEMALE > wanna say thanks for the artsy evening ! Had a blast :) 
OK I have been sounding like a whinny baby ..... just venting to the world NO MORE WHINNING ........ 
I am impossible to please , I say work they work , I say this they do it NOW I AM WHINNING ABOUT IT !!! I need a little dog to < PROPFEMALE > around in my purse . 
I have never been this sick in my life ! been told I have 48 hours of this to look forward to * uggg * 
I love my family , we are unique and wonderful ! I love my friends family's and even when I don't care for something I would never use a hurtful term ! judge lest not you be judged . I'm hurt ! and everybody has the right to defend their family to the same degree ! Your not special ! 
I am disbanding this < PROPFEMALE > as it stands now , but before I do I want to apologize for any issues or hurt feelings I might have caused . I was immature sometimes and Facebook is not my personal soap box . 
On my way to meet my sister !!! So happy and nervous . 
Were here ! 
ok coming down to zero hour ! amazingly calm .... its not like I'm high strung or anything :) 
She is great !!!! I am so happy !!!! :) :) :) super fun ! 
I loved our visit !!! < PROPFIRST > hope your flight is good ! 
3:11 AM still awake and thinking about Tre ' :( losing my house and if God thinks I'm Job(I'm not ) . Please pray for my Tre ' he is in detention and has bitten off more than he can chew ! 
how does the same legal system that will not allow a minor to sign a contract , allow minors to make serious legal decisions ? 
Tre ' gets to come home Wednesday ! Good Boy ! 
Somebody get me a copy of Chitty Chitty Bang Bang ! I have never seen Tripp sit so still he loves it :) 
<---------- is not looking forward to the 13 degree weather this week :( 
Old Fuzzy Wigs Ale yummy 
Getting My Tre ' Bear right now ! O ' Happy Day ! 
Target-I love your store ! But that crazy lady in your commercials makes me MANIC ! 
POO POOPY DO 
Just teared up over a Folgers commercial , somebody stop me . 
Everybody's favorite !!! SNOW 
Ok we got Chitty Chitty Bang Bang yesterday from Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , Tripp adores this movie ! he runs around like a loon till they start singing then he is mesmerized ! 
yup not a whole lot to say 
ok I love the new contacts and the fact that I can see , but there weird I can see the edge of them is that normal ? 
Clean , Clean , Clean . < PROPFIRST>'s schedule makes it feel like I live in the car . And bless his heart for all the hours put in out in the freezing cold . Anybody got an old clunker that runs decent give me a call . 
Chocolate Bock is yummy 
< PROPFIRST > comung home for ten hours ? Halliburton is so strange 
Anybody in the Amarillo area needing small electrical jobs done asap at really decent prices let me know do I have the guy for you ! And if you need big stuff I got another guy for you :) 
Now that food has replased sex in my life , I can't even get into my own pants !!! 
I have no idea what to do ever . 
\Alacrity Lending can you help me\ " that's the kind of day this has turned into ..... " 
There are some wonderful people in BAD places right now , people who want to be home with there family's . Men at war , kids in jails , some people in prisons of their own making . Whatever it is pray for their relief and release . 
Record cold in the south , loss of crops means even higher prices for produce . Horrible storms in the Mediterranean ! 
I need to learn how to crochet !!!! this lady is doing it my sister can do it , I wanna do it to !!!! 
After a long night at Hospital and lots of fluids and meds were headed home ! just a nasty virus .... 
BEWARE ! nasty viruses going around ! this one took Tripp down in four hours ! 
R . I . P Tinsel 
Tripp just found his last piece of chocolate from movie night ! He was so excited he did a little dance :) its these small sweet moments that keep me going when my last check before Christmas gets lost , when my renter won't pay and < PROPFIRST>'s check go's in to late . This is the first Christmas without Tre ' and Lolly ..... almost to sad to bear . 
Were going to be warmer than L.A. and San < PROPMALE > CA today go figure ! 
I need opinions please people , my first thought was HELL NO but then I started to waiver ... Lauran wants to get a shirt that says I <3 boobies its for breast cancer .... I'm iffy ? 
Feeling completely SPOILED ! first of all by my wonderful sister < PROPFEMALE > who keeps me fat and happy with the best candies in the WORLD See's! Who never fails to rember my kids and so much more :) 
Also to my < PROPFEMALE > mom who always takes such good care of me and the wonderful girl she raised who is my bestie for ever :) 
Well goodnight friends and family .... I am beat drove well over 200 hundred < PROPMALE > today just trying to get everybody where they needed to be today ..... EXAUSTED 
the < PROPFEMALE > is wonderful tonight 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Had a really nice Christmas ! and I got to have my kids Christmas morning ! 
Tripp will not go to sleep !!! 
I am going to confess that I am a complete idiot !!! my sister < PROPFEMALE > blessed us with wonderful gifts this year , so being a good girl I went and picked up a Thank You Card . And mailed it to myself ! doh 
Nice quite breakfast by myself :) * whew * 
someday I will be able to do something right . lol here's to hoping 
Getting Married April 1st clear your schedule ! its gonna be fun :) 
Been up since 3:30 AM gonna be a long day . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s party guest list . 
Mom , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and ??? 
More money or more family time ? thoughts ? 
After being trapped in the elevator in the building I work in for around 45 mins the managment sent me a big bouquet of flowers , is this how I'm gonna have to get flowers from now on ? :) 
I will be forever know as the elevator girl !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > had a super day with her Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , we had a nice dinner and it was an all around good night ! 
I should not have driven to work , I am going to have a hard time getting home . 
The only state in the continental U.S. without snow on the ground is Florida ! that's crazy , their checking to see if that's ever happened before-CNN 
is it wrong to drink the coke you left in the car all night ? 
We won are appeal for insurance !!!! thank goodness because I woke up with a tooth ache , and a swollen face . 
I'm washing dishes thinking about a conversation I had with a lady at Blue Cross Blue Shield .. \ ok youngest sons birthday ? \ " I reply 7-9-09 she replies \ " 2009 ? \ " I am thinking no lady 1909 ? lol who am I Methuzala ??? " 
I love the movie The Abyss 
I have no shame , PLEASE PRAY for < PROPFIRST > and I concerning our house , this renter will not pay on time , she has destroyed stuff and is forcing an eviction that is costing me money and might make us lose our house . 
I am so proud of myself , I fixed the runtime error on my puter . 
What do you do with someone who repeatedly falls off the wagon ? Leave them behind or run over them . 
< PROPFEMALE > has 101.4 temp and sore throat ! Poor kids looks like the strep is going around . 
< PROPFEMALE > Beer ! what are we doing ??? 
Champagne 
We need another car so bad lol 
Renters out Feb 13th she replaced the carpet and we solved it without going to court . I have to eat the rent but the relief from all the stress is worth it . 
This was a beautiful day 70 degrees PERFECT ! 
15 Days and counting !!! 
11 days and counting 
10 and counting .... hey i'm like Nasa 
Well goodnight all , hope I can sleep with this cough :( 
Tired 
9 and counting ...... 
FRIENDS , PLEASE PUT THIS ON YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU HAVE BEEN TOUCHED BY CANCER . MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 MORE CURES WILL BE FOUND . DO IT IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY LOST , AND IN HONOR OF EVERY SURVIVOR . AND AS YOU'RE ABLE , PLEASE SUPPORT CANCER RESEARCH . EVERY DOLLAR GETS US THAT MUCH CLOSER TO CURES 
8 and counting ............ 
7 and counting ..... got the kitchen packed working on the rest almost over this prison sentance . 
Robbed ! All of < PROPFIRST>'s stuff was stolen last night ! 
I hope who ever stole < PROPFIRST>'s work stuff out of our trunk stays warm ! I hope you truly needed it . 
Snow snow go away come again NEVER -25's co < PROPFEMALE > g again ! I have no heater and have to drive 45 < PROPFEMALE > home ..... please stop with the cold already :( 
Getting my new car Friday !!!! Axiom its so great , I am so happy . 
Greatest day ever !!!! we got HOT water on our cooler at work ! Life is good . 
Ok Wedding April 1st 8:30 PM at 5125 SW 16th Ave . start sending me or < PROPFEMALE > addresses so we can send out invitations ! registered at Bed Bath and Beyond . 
Chesty Glitter Thong 
2 days and counting ! Also got my car its awesome ... its been one of those rare great days :) 
Tomorrow is the last day !!! We will be packed and ready !!! I cannot wait :) 1 day and its over ....... 
after being bullied by my very logical best friend the wedding is going to be moved to the 2nd of April amen 
Lord please preserve us !!! Keep your hand on my Tre ' please !!! 
My horrible renter thrashed my garage , stole my kids computer , cut the lines to my alarm system .... left the house filthy oh and stole < PROPFEMALE>'s ice cream maker ? And last but not least took the filters out of the central heat and air . Still super glad to be home . 
On our way to see < PROPFIRST > !!! 
I HATE MALLS BUT LOVE < PROPFIRST > 
Amarillo = IMAX were moving on up ! 
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step in overcoming any misfortune . 
Smothering issue : Tre ' is thirteen and his school is right up the road , bout 5 blocks . He wants to walk or ride his bike to school now that its warmer ? There is one < PROPMALE > road and its VERY busy in the morning ???? 
all of our mail has gone into the abyss !!! lost checks and debit cards , lost perdieum EVERYTHING gone !!! 
We Got Mail ! We got a < PROPMALE > !! It feels like home finally ! 
why are airline tickets so high ! I was thinking about my sister < PROPFIRST > and it would cost 422.80 to fly her in ! Poo on that ! 
Lolly has Sepsis , please PRAY for my little girl , and that they picked the right antibiotic . 
Gotta get everything out of the Borger house today !!!! 
If all else fails we can have the wedding hillbilly style at the house . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s antibiotics worked ! Getting my house together ! Scored a 200.00 for 20.00 dollars and can get rid of the one falling apart ! Life is good . 
And the house smells like us again ! That counts too now for the little white dog hairs ! 
Oh yea it was a purse from The Sak ! 
Well looks like some roads are open . Gonna try to make it to Borger . At last count 41 homes gone and a kennel burned with all those poor dogs inside ! 
Ok loving the Texas born Alabama quarterback ! athletic , cute and oh yea SMART ! 
Good morning world , I feel like I slept in a hobo camp . 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE TRASHING , GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future . 
I found my phone after 3 days ! 
Lonely Night :) 
Apple 
oh this head cold so needs to go away !!! 
Ok opinions needed ? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > -Beck or < PROPFEMALE > Beck ? What say ye of great facebook nation ... aka my friends and family :) 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict , while < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , Chauncy Mays 25 are brave soldiers who gave their lives this week with NO media mention . WHERE is the media coverage and outrage over the killing of Airmen < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 35 , and < PROPMALE > Cuddeback , 23 by a muslim extremist in Germany ?? Honor them by re-posting . 
Addresses people addresses !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is SO GOOD to me :) 
< PROPFEMALE > can't come to the wedding :( which means there went most of my help and < PROPFIRST>'s mom . Day is starting out great . 
Well at cracker barrel , gonna try to feel better ! Shop and Eat lol ...... bad day . 
Bullshit 
Ok my mom is coming to help me clean and cook for the wedding . 
I guess according to my ex husband the age that your allowed to abandoned your children is 9 ? guess he forgot his daughter was 8 ! I am ever amused at the village idiot . 
My hair 
Breaking News : ... The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Heck Over It . Any complaints about how we operate , can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with Dr. Snival . Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . If you like thi ...... s , repost it . If you don't ... suck it up < PROPFEMALE > . 
Prayers for < PROPFEMALE > please right now . 
I have added to stuff to the Bed Bath and Beyond registry for those who asked me to . Sorry I never really finished it , did not expect it to get used . 
somebody got there RED HAT today !!! 
We will have internet TUESDAY !!!! 
this is a horrible day , I am sick to my stomach , and have no help ...... I am never going to get this shit done . should have gone to Vegas . 
Ok . first of all < PROPFEMALE > rocked it with the flowers !!! the fruit tower and her running her booty off !!! she blessed us abundantly xoxoxoxx OK < PROPFEMALE > made me feel like a < PROPFEMALE > and dolled up my hair and just basically rocked to ! < PROPFEMALE > dragged her butt off an airplane from burying her dear nanny helped me dress and was wonderful as always . < PROPFEMALE > married us and did a fab job considering I DID NOT help at all ... 
To < PROPFEMALE > and Realyn thanks for showing up and pitching in !!! Kudo's to all my girls !!! it was wonderful and beautiful and perfect !!! 
Memo and Lolly cleaned my house all up ! they prove not all teenagers are selfish ! thanks girls . 
I so loved the flowers at my wedding ..... watching them die is upsetting me ! 
