No consumption of birds or mammals . Day 1/30 complete . 

is off to Church ! Teaching preschool kidos today :) 
I have way to much crap that i'm so not taking with me when i move out . I need to have a garage sale ! 
Engagement dinner tonight :) ... Mmmm < PROPFEMALE > Garden bread sticks ! 
I had fun today hanging out with my mommy :) Now i'm on my way to church ! 
Yay !! 19 years old today !! :) It's going to be a great year , i know it :) 
Ahh . I love my Fiance :) 
Chocolate really is the answer to everything :p 
Registering for stuff takes so much energy out of you !! Whew ! 
Peace out < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
What's the best remedy for fading scars ?? 
Omg . I bought my wedding dress today :) So much fun !!!!! 
well .. $ in the bank is running low . Time to get a new job . 
Job interview @ 3pm ... then off to the beach for the weekend !!!! So excited to get away ! 
Interview went great ! Now off to Ocean Shores until Sunday !! WHooo :) 
Home from the beach . Now back to reality . 
Finally got some coffee inside of me ... now I'm ready for the day . 
Just got back from the Mall ... I'm starving ... time to make some popcorn :) PS : i would love some Starbucks coffee right now .... but I'm poor and even if i had the $ , i shouldn't be spending it on caffeine ..... i lose :( 
Why am i awake right now !? 
doesn't feel well :( 
Blaa . Been lethargic all day with no signs of improvement . I hate feeling crappy . It feels like a waste of a day :( But God is good , and at least the weather is nice . 
Exhausted . I'm going to bed . Sleeping in tomorrow for sure . 
is going to Starbucks before her boy comes over :) 
When will i accept that having ice cream for lunch is not going to help me fit into my wedding dress this October ;) 
Off to go job hunt and do some deep cleaning in my man's apartment . I love cleaning :) 
Waking up , going to get a coffee , wedding decor shopping , hanging out with a friend , then < PROPMALE > Potter with my < PROPMALE > , man , & brother .. doesn't sound like a bad day :) 
making cookies for her hard working fiance 
Please pray for my grandpa . He went into the hospital and the doctor is 99% sure he has pancreatic cancer ... witch is terminal at his age :( He is such a joyful man . i love him lots . 
There is always some madness in love . But there is also always some reason in madness . 
Excited to see my parents tonight . I haven't seen them since Thursday . 
feels blah 
is crying herself to sleep tonight 
Went to Mt . Rainier today and is burnt pretty darn good :( 
Spent the day decorating votive candles with ribbon for the wedding . Also made bouquets for myself and my maid of honor with my mommy :) 
Why am i still tired >:( I crashed at 8pm last night and got up today at 11am !!! That's what ....... like 15 hours !!! I don't understand !!! 
I think it's a bit obsessive that I'm already excited for tomorrow's morning cup of coffee . 
feeling good today :) 
I decided that i hate Summer . I much rather be cold and try to find warmth , then be uncomfortably hot and search for a way to cool off . I can't wait until Fall ! 
Therefore we do not lose heart . Though outwardly we are wasting away , yet inwardly we are being renewed day by day . For our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal < PROPFEMALE > that far outweighs them all . So we fix our eyes not on what is s 
Jesus replied , \What is impossible with men is possible with God . \ " < PROPMALE > 18:27 " 
Insomnia 
Psalm 37:7 -9 7 Be still before the LORD and wait patiently for him ; do not fret when men succeed in their ways , when they < PROPFEMALE > out their wicked schemes . 8 Refrain from anger and turn from wrath ; do not fret—it leads only to evil . 9 For evil men will be 
The Lord is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit . Psalm 34:18 
10 days until i get to pick up my wedding dress and bring it home !!!! 
I've had better days . 
Alright all you married girlies , or soon to be Mrs. , what's the antidote for wedding planning stress ? 
Look to the LORD and his strength ; seek his face always . Remember the wonders he has done , his miracles , and the judgments he pronounced . 1 Chronicles 16:11 -12 
It's really pathetic that i just watched Bride Wars and cried at the end . Lol . 
2:35 am ... still awake :( stupid insomnia . 
Had a good time teaching preschool this morning at church :) 
Just took a 2 mile walk in my \hilly\ " neighborhood with my mom :) Trying to get in shape for the wedding . " 
Is going to bust this bride's belly ...... starting tomorrow since the ice cream in the freezer looks very appetizing .... ;) 
Note to self : go easy on the tanning lotion . 
Feels very sick . All of a sudden i feel like I'm going to throw up x ( 
I'm trying to pick out a song for the father-daughter dance , but everytime i listen to one , i get all emotional and cry ... uhh .. typical . 
Sucky day . Tomorrow should be better . 
sleep , sleep , sleeeeeeep . 
need coffee .............. bad ! 
Do you not know that your body is a < PROPFEMALE > of the Holy Spirit , who is in you , whom you have received from God ? You are not your own ; you were bought at a price . Therefore honor God with your body . 1 Corinthians 6:19 -20 
Tummy ache :( I think i need to consume less dairy . 
Let us not become weary in doing good , for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up . Galatians 6:9 
What places are hiring ??? 
I wish there was a song about insomnia .... it would be the soundtrack of my life :/ 
It's all in His hands . 
Interview @ 2pm !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Interview went well .... now i just have to wait a couple days to see if i nailed it . Praise God for giving me this opportunity . And please pray i get the job :) 
Do not be anxious about anything , but in everything , by prayer and petition , with thanksgiving , present your requests to God . Philippians 4:6 
I know what it is to be in need , and I know what it is to have plenty . I have learned the secret of being content in any and every situation , whether well fed or hungry , whether living in plenty or in want . I can do everything through him who gives me strength . Philippians 4:12 -13 
Made a chocolate cake with cream cheese frosting for my hard working man :) 
Continue to send out resumes and cover letters . Still waiting for a call back . Remaining faithful that God will provide . < PROPFIRST > and i had a good prayer session last night :) 
2 Corinthians 4:8 -9 8 . We are hard pressed on every side , but not crushed ; perplexed , but not in despair ; 9 . persecuted , but not abandoned ; struck down , but not destroyed . 
36 . What good is it for a man to gain the whole world , yet forfeit his soul ? < PROPFIRST > 8:36 
I suppose since it's September 1st , i can officially say that I'm getting married next month ..... insane !!! 
Remain in me , and I will remain in you . No branch can bear fruit by itself ; it must remain in the vine . Neither can you bear fruit unless you remain in me . < PROPFIRST > 15:4 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , courage to change the things I can , and the wisdom to know the difference . 
Happy that Starbucks is selling Pumpkin spice lattes . Can't wait for the peppermint mochas to come !!! 
Heard this phrase in a sermon today and now I'm making it my favorite quote : \I proclaim salvation through Christ crucified \"." 
< PROPFIRST > 15:18 -19 If the world hates you , keep in mind that it hated me first . If you belonged to the world , it would love you as its own . As it is , you do not belong to the world , but I have chosen you out of the world . That is why the world hates you . 
Not feeling well :( sad day . 
My mom woke me up with a Pumpkin Spice latte . Ahhhh ... it's going to be a good day :) 
It will be nice when all this planning is done . My brain is fried . Too many details for something i want to be so very simple . 
sickness :( 
SORRY FOR THE WIERD POSTS , MY ACCOUNT GOT HACKED . PLEASE IGNORE THEM AND DON'T CLICK ON THE LINKS . 
Had my first Bridal Shower tonight !! It was so cool ! Thank you Church family for sharing my joy and excitement !! And thank you for all the great gifts ! I love you <3 
Has been up since 7am making her house a home . Still folding piles of tissue paper and trying to sort through all her fiance's new tools and camping gear . 
Job Interview on Wednesday ! Please pray for me ! I really need this . 
Accidentally made myself sick from too much cake batter : x But it was sooo yummy . The cake will be much appreciated by the soon to be hubby :) 
Lord , please relieve my anticipation for tomorrow's interview . Give me strength and courage to be confident in my abilities . Instill in me a sense of peacefulness knowing that your greater plan is at work . If this is not the door you want me to open , then i pray you will make that evident . Please provide a job for me so that i can help support my husband and not have to struggle financially when i first get married . 
Philippians 4:19 But my God shall supply all your needs according to his riches in < PROPFEMALE > by Christ Jesus . 
1.5 hours till interview 0.0 
Interview went well . There are other's who have yet to be interviewed . So i have to wait until Friday to see if it's a thumbs up or down . I pray that it's a thumbs up :o / 
Dear dentist , thanks for taking away all the feeling on the left side of my face . I really enjoy drinking water and watching it drip down my shirt . I had a great time sitting in your chair for 120 minutes while you messed up twice . I like how you didn't give me shaded glasses . I guess you know how much i love bright lights shining in my face . 
God's timeline is so difficult to understand 
is feeling inadequate 
I hate how emotional strain makes me physically sick . 
Trust in him at all times , O people ; pour out your hearts to him , for God is our refuge . Psalm 62:8 NIV**Cast your cares on the LORD and he will sustain you ; he will never let the righteous fall . Psalm 55:22 NIV**So do not worry about tomorrow ; for tomorrow will care for itself . Each day has enough trouble of its own . < PROPFIRST > 6:34 
A new job possibility has revealed itself . I wonder if this is the one God planned for me to have during this time in my life .... 
Tomorrow is October 1st !... which means we will have entered the month in which i am getting married 0.0 So much to do !!!!!! So insane ! 
Found a < PROPFEMALE > cane ... I know it's a little too early ... but i'm eating it anyways . 
Pretty much like 19 days until i'm a wife . 
Busy busy busy . Less then 3 weeks left ! 
1 < PROPFIRST > 6:9 -10 . People who want to get < PROPMALE > fall into temptation and a trap and into many foolish and harmful desires that plunge men into ruin and destruction . For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil . Some people , eager for money , have wandered from the faith and pierced themselves with many griefs . 
15 days . 
12 days :) 
11 dayzzzzz 
<3 TEN Days <3 
We are in the single didgets people !! 9 Days O.O 
EiGhT days left . Time to start thinking about packing for the honeymoon :D So Excited !!! 
Freakin stupid jelly face mask crap stuff ! \Make your skin flawless in minutes\ " ..... yea right > : { Gave me an allergic reaction . Red blotchy face . It burns . Not fun . * sigh * Going to the store first thing in the morning to get some Benadryl to help with the swelling . " 
One Week Left !!! Last Saturday as a single perseon FOREVER !!! 
6 . Last Church service 
Just finished creating the music playlist for the wedding . I must say , it's very interesting . The Mr. and I have totally different taste in music styles :) 
Hurricane < PROPMALE > ? Are you serious !? Pray it doesn't interfere with honeymoon plans !! 
is getting married this week ! Oh my gosh !!!!!!! 
Pretty dang ready ;) 
is really clam for how close it is . 
Doing laundry today so i can pack clothes for the honeymoon . THREE days !!!!!!!!! 
just strained a pretty important arm muscle . Dear swollen tenderness : Please heal before the wedding :( 
Nails done today , set up is tomorrow , then Staurday ........ :D 
I'm MARRIED !!!!! 
Hubbo is taking a nap :) Mexico is amazing ! Happy Hour is in 37 minutes . Time to head on down to the swim-up bar ! 
Whoo ! Now i know how to Salsa !! :) 
Coming home tomorrow :D Can't wait to see my family ! 
I love Washington . I especially love Washington in the Fall . 
I Love My Husband !!! :D 
Worked really hard all day to get the house clean and organized . There is still stuff to do , but i started at 7am so i think i will be done now ! So exhausted . Time to cuddle with the husband :) 
Going to visit my Grandpa in the Tri-Cities . 
Listening to Christmas music 0.0 
I <3 IHop :) 
Woke up a little to late . Lots to do today . But first thing's first ... going to make some freshly-brewed Starbucks coffee in my new coffee maker ............ and add a little caramel apple creamer to it ;) Yummy ! 
Get to see someone today who i haven't seen in a while :) 
How sad is it , that since i'm too lazy to add water to the instant pancake mix , i choose to instead toast two pieces of bread , spread peanut butter and syrup on them , and call it breakfast ? 
Sick :*( 
Being sick is boring . I like the occasional day of being lazy in bed , but it gets old really fast , especially when you can't control it . 
Hubbo and I are getting our first Christmas tree as a married couple this weekend :D 
I wish it would snow . It's not allowed to be cold outside and not snow ! 
Chestnuts roasting on an open fire , < PROPFIRST > Frost nipping at your nose , Yuletide carols being < PROPFIRST > by a choir , And folks dressed up like Eskimos ........... 
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr . 
I added a few pics in my new Wedding album for family and friends who are interested . :) 
Hubbo and I just made our first batch of Christmas sugar cookies as a married couple :) Decorating them was so fun ! They turned out very ... umm , interesting ;) 
Screwed up my foot after doing a workout video w/out wearing shoes . Blaa . Silly me :( 
About to make fudge :D 
Trying to decide if chocolate is a blessing or a sin ....... :/ 
God has put so many people on my heart this season ! 
Aww yay ! We have been married for 2 months :D 
Made a bet with the hubbo that i could go pescatarian for 30 days ( starting 01-01-10 ) . What's in it for me .....? Health benefits and an hour body massage if i am successful . Bring it on :) 
Just finished typing a 7 < PROPFEMALE > recap/testimony of year 2009 . My fingers hurt . 
1 Corinthians 10:13 \ 
No temptation has seized you except what is common to man . And God is faithful ; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear . But when you are tempted , he will also provide a way out so that you can stand up under it . 
3/30 
Starting day 5 . Feeling good . Not missing my little farm dwellers a bit . 
Drinking 3 cups of fullly caffeinated coffe under an hour is NOT a smart idea if you don't want to run around the house compulsively cleaning furniture that is already spotless . I'm just saying . 
It's been a week . Going strong . If by the end of the month i feel as good as i do now , i just might transition from pescatarian to vegetarian .... the hubs wouldn't like it , but we will see . 
Why do i do this to myself ? I stay up late watching psychological thrillers and then i become too disturbed to fall asleep . It's 4 in the freakin morning !! I'm a retard . X/ 
Headache :( 
Terrible headaches for the past 3 days . Might be skipping the morning coffee for a while to see if it's contributing to the problem :( 
Thank you Excedrin® P.M for getting me through last night . Missing my usual morning macchiato . Going to walk to the store to get some groceries . I'm makeing a 1/2 vegetarian pizza for dindin . ( Only half b/c the hubbo loves chicken on his ) :D 
Well . Half way through the pescetarian challenge . I think for the last 15 days i will skip the meat altogether and follow a vegetarian diet . 
Going to buy a Juicer and fruit and ...... well ....... juice ! :) 
Being productive today :) 
Feeling a bit weak today . Wishing i didn't feel sick 80% of the time . I think I need to buy a new immune system . 
Ok , so what would be a good middle name ? < PROPFIRST > ______ Yarringon . [ I know this is thinking ahead :D ] 
Craving oreos 0.0 
Things i would like to do this summer : Take an < PROPMALE > class at the college , successfully maintain a small garden , camp a lot , make a fun scrapbook of all my 200+ wedding pics 0.0 , and read 5 books . 
What's on my mind ? Hmmmm , too many things . But anyway ... I'm seeing Avatar tonight . 
You stand in the line just to hit a new low / You're faking a smile with the coffee to go / You tell me your life's been way off line / You're falling to pieces everytime / And I don't need no carryin ' on 
<3 Lemon Water <3 
Made Vegetarian stir-fry for dindin . SO good !!! Might have been a bit ' too ' healthy for the hubbo ;) 
Going to have a ' girls night ' with my sister . Saw < PROPFEMALE > , Mt . Dew , and < PROPFEMALE > Pull N ' Peel Twizzlers :D Whooo . Going to be up all night from sugarrrrrr overdose , then crash at 4am . 
Don't know what to do . Today is day 30/30 of the pescatarian .. ( which became vegetairan ) challenge . Trying to decide if i want to make this a permanent dietary change ... 
Troubled mind . 
God , I fail to control my life . I need you to take the reins and direct me . In desperation I ask you to please open doors of opportunity for me and more then anything , help me conquer my overwhelming anxiety . Help me to be a better wife and to have more faith that you will take care of me . Forgive me for being a mechanical Christian . Help me have Joy in my heart . I want to Live , not exist . 
I got hired . God is good . 
Sick 
Please let tomorrow be better then today :( 
God , you have blessed me with a great opportunity . Today as i begin the process of adgusting to this new job , will you please < PROPMALE > me peace . Would you calm my fears and worries and be with me as i take the steps that i tell myself i can't take . You are in control . 
Grocery shopping today :) 
Really dislike the new Facebook setup . 
IDiscovered that eating a mexican veggie burrito as the first meal of the day is NOT a good idea . : x 
Experiencing some interesting eyeball malfunctions 
My day has consisted of 3 things : Coffee , wedding scrapbook , and 90's music . Nothing more , nothing less . 
Curse you late night munchies . Curse you . 
I must say , this week was far better then last week . Now i'm ready to enjoy a relaxing 3-day weekend with the hubbo , and start my new job on Tuesday :) 
New job starts tomorrow . 7:30 - 4:30 
Ready for tomorrow to come and go so my mind can rest and i can feel more at ease . 
God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; courage to change the things I can ; and wisdom to know the difference . Living one day at a time ; Enjoying one moment at a time ; Accepting hardships as the pathway to peace ......... 
Day 1on the job : going well so far . Kiddos are napping . I need a nap too . Got one single hour of sleep last night . Boo . 
Got off early today . Haha . Went shopping , got a coffee , and am waiting for my hubbo to get home so i can cuddle him . 
Ok . so some random person just called me and it sounded like he needed to say something important but i couldn't understand what the crap he was saying .. then the connection was lost . Interesting . Anyways , work doesn't start until 12 today so that's amazing . Went to bed last night at 10pm and woke up at 10am . I still don't feel caught up on my rest . 
Busy day with the kiddos so far . Spongebob , Wii , pretend restaurant , walk , outdoor treasure hunt , school work , dollar store , Macdonalds , cops and robbers , pirate chest craft , pretend doctor , and Finally Nap time !!! 3 hours to go :) 
Yay for yogurt and Ritz crackers :) 
hates how difficult is it to forget things that happened in the past . 
Yay for the sun :) 
The bummer thing about a little boy spilling his Starbucks hot coco is not that I had to clean it up , but that the poor kiddo lost his whole drink : whip cream , sprinkles , and all :( 
sleeeeepy -o- 
I'm going to state the obvious : Tomorrow is Friday !!!!!!! 
8:30 pm and I'm ready for bed on a Friday night . I blame waking up at 6am and running around the house all day playing nurf wars with a 6 and 3 year old . 
It's nice when the hubbo stays up until 4:30 am playing computer games . It means that i can get up at 8am , steal his cash , get my hair done , and buy a coffee without him even knowing i left ;) hehe . 
I'm never posting a serious question on a message board again ! People are so mean :*( 
I wish it was MY nap time :) 
2 days until < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland :D 
Movie tonight with hubbo , friends , and brother :) 
Trying to fight old habits . 
Long day ..... 
Praise God for tax returns ! :D 
Its sucks when dreams are so bad you WANT to get out of bed at 5:30 in the morning . 
Today could probably be better .... much better . 
An ok day becomes a GREAT day when you find out you get a 4 day weekend !!!! 
The hubbo and I are going on our first Married camping trip !!! So excited :D Got our little tent and camping chairs ! Bringing LOTS of blankets ! 
First married camping trip = fail . Lol . Forgot a lighter and our new chairs ! Hubbo forgot his Pj's and basically got hypothermia . Our fire wouldn't burn b/c the wood was damp , and we didn't bring any games so we sat there laughing at how newbish we are at camping . But good times :) A learning experience and something to laugh at in the future . 
Learned the true importance of having ' girl time ' . 
About to brew my second cup of coffee . I'm actually excited to go back to work tomorrow . It's been a weird weekend ... 
This weather is pissing me off ! 
Went to bed at 9pm last night . Woke up sick 3 hours later at 12am . Have been in such excruciating pain ever since that i've not gone back to sleep . I did not expect to spend Easter weekend curled up on the bathroom floor . Fail . 
breathing ......... 
never felt pain like this in my whole life . 
Please pray . I desperately need some good sleep . If my condition doesn't improve by morning i will be going to the hospital . I'm scared :( 
cramping is less frequent . Feel very sore and worn out . But i think the situation is improving . I woke up starving because i couldn't eat yesterday . The hubbo made me < PROPFEMALE > pancakes <3 Going to try to go to church this morning , then rest . The heating pad will be my best friend . 
Probably going to a doctor today . I feel weird . 
So the doctor said to just rest . wtf . You don't go through pain like this randomly for no reason . But i suppose he couldn't diagnose me . Now I'm in pain and pissed off . 
Is blessed to work for someone that cares about her and gives her 2 days off to rest ..... lets hope things are better by tomorrow . Thanks to everyone for your prayers and concern these past few days <3 
Dear pain : I do not appreciate you pretending to go away then coming back . 
Ok . Pretty much anemic , but pain is almost gone ! Finally . Thanks for the support guys . It was a pretty scary weekend . 
* sigh*Long day 
World of Warcraft needs to die . 
weird night . 
Got screwed over by trail mix . 
Absolutely adore Naked protein juice smoothies !! :D 
Enjoying the weekend with my hubbo :) 
Hot cocoa = <3 
Feeling tired today . Did karaoke for over an hour last night so my throat is messed up . Worth it . 
Is cleaning Easy < PROPMALE > off the floor . 
Is it 5:00 yet ? 
Lots of people i know are either pregnant or already have kids . I keep having to remind myself that i just got married 6 months ago and that I need to wait a few years before i get too excited about having a baby . Hehe :) 
Working a 17 hour day really makes an induvidual , such as myself , truly appreciate the weekend . 
Monday : Hair dryer burnt out . It's going to be one of thoes days :/ 
Despite my Monday morning , this week is turning out to be splendid : It's < PROPFEMALE > , my work schedule is awesome , my friend is freakin pregnant :D , i finally found motivation to hit the gym , and i have new recording equipment coming my way ! Whoo ... Praise the Lord for weeks like this . 
Excited to get an iced coffee and walk around the C . lake tonight with the hubbo <3 
Weekend i <3 you . 
Friday please come faster . 
Cup Noodles vs Top Ramen ??? 
Feeling sluggish 
Got home from work , fell on my bed and slept for several hours . Felt good , but i still feel crummy .... curses ! Thankfully it's Friday . 
Starting out the day with some hot cocoa <3 
Lost season finale = Fail :( 
3 down , 2 to go . 
Dislikes when life is black & white . Either everything is great , or everything sucks . Why does the happy-medium seem so rare ? Freakin makes me mad >:( 
Off work early due to sickness . Time to get back into bed & sip on a warm beverage . 
I wish every weekend was 3 days <3 <3 <3 
This week's Glee episode made me feel uncomfortable . 
<3 cough drops . 
\I'll see you in another life brotha ! \"" 
Its only 1:30 on Monday ..... * sigh * at least its < PROPFEMALE > . 
Running and swimming tonight with the hubbo . 
Had to go to work early so i make myself a cup of coffee at home and it sucked . I decide to go to Starbucks instead and order a Caramel macchiato . Upon my first sip i realized i was given hot watery milk . Screw this morning . 
Wow . I'm pathetic . My husband got a needle poked in his arm and I almost passed out . 
\In three words i can sum up everything I've learned about life : It goes on . \"" 
20 yrs old in one week ! :D 
Well , this weekend seemed pointless . 
I love to walk around in neighborhoods filled with $ 350,000 -$ 400,000 houses and dream .... then again , its kind of depressing . Lol . One day .... one day .. ;) 
full of pancakes . 
Well , i enjoyed my 4 days of feeling well . Now I'm sick again . Can't wait to move out of this apartment with it's stupid moldy windows . 
Interview tonight . Hopefully going to get me some more kiddos to watch through the summer since the hubbo needs to cut his hours for his CNA class . 
Working 10 hours today vs the usual 9 . * sigh * Tired + sick + work = stupidness . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys ! :) 
Left over b-day cake for dinner ? I think so . Haha :D 
Watching 5 kids is WAY different then watching just 2 ... 
I <3 my family 
Yay ! Twilight movie in 2 days ! Go ahead and make fun of me .. lol 
So fortunate to get a pay raise during the summer . It will be nice to have the money we need to pay for < PROPFIRST>'s CNA training . 
Probably one of the worst days at work i've had in a long time . 
This week probably couldn't be any slower . 
8:30 and i'm ready for bed . Lets get this week over with . Just one more day !! 
Oh weekend i LOVE you sooooo much !!!!!!! 
This week WILL be better :) 
Going on a journey for the next month . Time to shed some newlywed lbs :) 
I love < PROPFIRST > 
Woke up this morning and DIDNT want coffee ! What's wrong with me ?! 
Feeling very mellow today . This is a good thing . 
Loves it when the kids play well together , especially when there are 5 of them . Makes my job SO much easier ! 
Disciplining kids is so hard sometimes :( Especially when they aren't your own and you know you're going to have to tell their mom & dad about the misbehaving and the kiddo will prbably get a harsher punishment from the parents :( 
Week 2 begins . 
Miss my husband :( 
really just wants to get back into bed . 7 1/2 hours to go :/ 
Yay for Friday !!!! 
week 3 . 
OMG . i seriously just finished a 782pg book !!! First book ive actually finished since High school ! I'm so proud of myself :D <3 <3 
Wants to lay in bed , read , and drink coffee ... too bad it's Wednesday . At least we're half way to the weekend ! :) 
Ear infection ? :( Idk . It just hurts . 
The way to get through life is to just keep going . 
Had a super amazing weekend with her husband ! <3 <3 <3 
Day off tomorrow :D 
Didn't have to go to work this morning until 10 :) This week is awesome ! And Tomorrow is Friday ! 
Going to my cousin's wedding today :D Omg so excited ! I just love weddings <3 :) 
Feeling kind of ill , but in a good mood , for now :) 
You'd think by now , after a few fractured toes , an almost broken nose , countless sprained ankles , and now a torn muscle in my back , i would have learned that freestyle dancing in my living room is not a good idea for me . oh jeeze . 
I don't like this heat . Is it Fall yet ? 
3 years ago on this day , < PROPFIRST > and i started dating . Look at us now , almost married a year and closer then ever :) I love my husband <3 
Going to be watching 5 kids Wed-Friday . Any fun activity ideas that are free and not extremely messy ? ;) 
Now this is my kind of weather ! 
0__0 
Round 2 
Barely making it through today . Just barely .. 
Had a severe and painful reaction to cheddar cheese :/ Wont be eating any more of that i suppose . Anyways .. tired and so not ready for another day with 5 kids . But ready or not , here it comes . 
needs to hold on for 90 more minutes . 
Having an amazing weekend !!! 
It's an amazing feeling when you realize that your dream life isn't to far from the reality you're living <3 
Got back from sister's birthday camping trip at 11:30 pm last night . Hubbo left at 6am this morning for a three day hike with his friends . I miss him already . 
Had an amazing time with my husband tonight ;) 
Up and ready to go by 6:40 am ... now that's just not right . 
3 hours of work left , then its time to clean the fishtank , do the laundry , make dinner , do the dishes , exercise , shower , and spend time with my best friend :) 
Just b/c you're married , doesn't mean you should stop dating each other . I had the most amazing date with my husband last night . Dinner and a walk downtown Oly by the water . <3 <3 <3 
Welcoming September with a PSL from Starbucks <3 Can't wait to get my Fall box out this weekend and decorate my house in autumn colors ! been waiting all summer for this moment :) 
3-day weekend come faster ! :) 
Fall work schedule starts tomorrow :D 
Dear Monday , go away . 
Got a second job ... well ... more or less . 
2 days left until my week vacation !!!! <3 
Feeling pretty dang crappy . Ahh poop ! 
I can tell this week is gunna go by way too fast . 
Glee was poop this week :( 
Sugar high . Going to be up all night . Note to self : chocolate cannot be consumed in large quantities at 10pm . 
Today is the worst :( 
Today is better :) 
Spent over an hour scrubbin our bathtub and now it freakin sparkles . Take that soap scum !! 
Well , last day of vacation . Poop . But Im so glad for the time i had off :) 
Back to work . 6am is too early to wake up . 
Thanks to my sister , Im now addicted the the House of Night series . Started book one on Sunday afternoon , and am now 50 pages into book two . Coming from someone who doesn't read a lot , that's pretty amazing :) 
This is LOVE MY SISTER week ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , \ 
wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , \ 
cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . \ 
Sisters are a promise that we will have the best friend you could ever \ 
... ask for , forever ! There is no stronger bond . 
Needs more then 6 hours of sleep each night 
Glee gave me mixed feelings . 
Finished book 3 ! On to book 4 tonight :) > 
Is being entertained by her husband attempting to make cookies all by himself :) 
You know those mornings when you wake up and you know the day is going to suck ?..... well ... that's today . 30 < PROPFEMALE > down , 9 to go . Poopinmymouth : x 
Too much lemon ..... : x 
Book 4 done . On to book 5 ! 
A swollen finger with a sore joint ? What does this mean ? 
My dream situation : to be laying on my couch with my husband , reading , sipping on a chai latte , listening to soft meditation music while its raining outside and the house is full with the scent of Fall spices . * sigh * If only ........ 
Made it through another day . 
So ... the week could go by faster .. i mean , if it really wanted to ... 
So glad tomorrow is Friday ! Pumpkin Patch on Saturday with the hubbo ! Yay ! 
Done with book 5 . EEEkkk ! So excited for book 6 ! Sissy says some really intense stuff happens ! 
Pumpkin spice coffee on a Friday morning :D 
Sundays are lovely <3 
Its a good thing i still can't bend my finger after a week of it being swollen with no known cause . I mean , who wouldn't want to wear a finger splint ? >:{ 
So i wake up late , drop everything i pick up b/c of my stupid fat finger split , start driving to work , hit a freaking deer , spill coffee all over the inside of my car , and now have stained clothes . Oh , and it happens to be a bad hair day as well . I though Monday was supposed to be the hardest day of the week >:( 
Come on week ... are you kidding me ! Improve right now !... please 
God , \ 
I can't do today alone . \ 
Be my strength . 
Ok week , today is your last < PROPMALE > , if you have anything else you would like to throw at me , go at it . Cuz tomorrow is the weekend and im not putting up with your crap ! 
One year ago today i married the love of my life . He is my shoulder to cry on , my security , my joy . He tells me I'm beautiful everyday even when i look like crap . He is my inspiration and my motivation . We laugh together , and are a team during tough times . I can't believe how blessed i am to have such an amazing husband . I love you more then this silly post can express , < PROPFIRST > . Happy Anniversary <3 
Had the most amazing day yesterday and thought the main celebration was over . But when i got in my car this morning to go to work , there was a beautiful bouquet of Lillies sitting in the front seat . <3 <3 <3 I am so blessed . 
Sisters function as safety nets in a chaotic world simply by being there for each other . 
It's hard to be strong for the people you love when you feel weak yourself . I suppose that's where God comes in . 
Making some important life decisions . 
Ahh November . A new month . A fresh start . 
i neep a nap 
Omg peppermint mocha i <3 you 
Feeling so bad today . So sick . So tired . Can't do kids today . can't do 9 hours of kids :( 
I wish i could do today differently . Oh well , there's always tomorrow ....? 
so far , today is ok ... but mostly because it's Friday ! 
It feels good to cry sometimes ... just let it all out . Very refreshing . 
Going to a baby shower today with Mea !!! 
3 days and im off to the Tri-Cities . 
Insomnia is stupid . x_x 
SOoooooo excited for the Tri-Cities !! 8 hours !! 
I don't rock the Christian station that often , but i was flippin through the radio and heard Sanctus Real- Lead Me . It brought me to tears . 
MMmmm dark chocolate orange .. reminds me of the holidays : ) 
Im going to conquer this week one day at a time . Challenger #1 : Monday . 
pray . Tuesday is hitting hard . 4 kids from 7:30 am- 6:30 pm . No power . it's going to be tricky . 
Today was Hell personified . I was so emotionally and physically drained after working 11 hours , that by the time i got off work and got out of my car to go inside my house , i just puked . Right there . Next to my car . Then i continued on , and went inside the house . 
Well , Wednesday punched me in the face . Today is challenger # 4 . Thursday . And i expect it to hurt b/c it's first move is an 11 hour work day . 
It's been a rough day . But i didn't cry ! So i win this round . Kim : 2 \ 
Week : 2 . Friday is the tie breaker . Working till 8pm tomorrow night :/ I can do \ 
this ..............? 
3.5 hours to go . 
I should probably work out , but i feel like eating chocolate instead ... :) 
I want to be excited about the snow . But the more it snows , the tougher my job is :( conflicted much ? I think so . 
I'm way too excited for Thanksgiving !!! ... mostly because it starts a 4 day weekend ! 
Warm fuzzy socks :) 
Wow . This snow is really making things crazy ! But it sure is beautiful :) 
I absolutely LOVE sleeping in ! 
I'm too impatient . Christmas decorations go up tonight !! :) 
Grandpa went home to be with God this morning . I'm glad he is no longer in pain . I have so many amazing memories of him . He will be missed so much . <3 
sweet . My car wont start . 
So .. i pretty much stubbed my little toe on the couch . It's insanely purple . 
2pm already !? Wow . i love days when time goes by fast . :) 
Heading to the Tri-Cities tonight for Grandpa's memorial service . 
Death is probably one of the toughest things to comprehend . 
It's nice how a Christmas tree can make your day < PROPFEMALE > and bright :D 
When love is lost , do not bow your head in sadness ; instead keep your head up high and gaze into heaven for that is where your broken heart has been sent to heal . 
Today is randomly emotional . I keep crying out of nowhere for no reason . It's kind of annoying . 
This is the first day in weeks where i have absolutely nothing planned . It feels soooo good . Im just going to stay in my pj's all day , drink cocoa , and enjoy being with my husband in our cozy Christmas-decorated home :) Thank you God for blessing me with this relaxing day ! 
4 hours of sleep last night . Probably going to need some of that coffee =) 
“Courage doesn't always roar . Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying , \I will try again tomorrow . ” " 
Slow week . 
I love the smell of Christmas trees :P 
Tuesdays are annoying . 
2 more days :) 
Officially on Christmas break :) 
I am feeling very blessed . 
No sleep last night . Sometimes i wish i could shut my mind off . 
One day at a time ..... one moment at a time . 
Romans 12:2 \ 
Do not conform to the pattern of this world , but be transformed by the renewing of your mind . Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is—his good , pleasing and perfect will . 
1 < PROPFIRST > 5:7 \ 
Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you . 
Romans 8:18 \ 
I consider that our present sufferings are not worth comparing with the < PROPFEMALE > that will be revealed in us . 
1 Corinthians 6:19 -20 \ 
Do you not know that your bodies are temples of the Holy Spirit , who is in you , whom you have received from God ? You are not your own ; you were bought at a price . Therefore honor God with your bodies . 
Galatians 2:20 \ 
I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live , but Christ lives in me . The life I now live in the body , I live by faith in the Son of God , who loved me and gave himself for me . 
Hebrews 13:5 \ 
Keep your lives free from the love of money and be content with what you have , because God has said , “Never will I leave you ; never will I forsake you . ” 
Romans 12:12 \ 
Be joyful in hope , patient in affliction , faithful in prayer . 
< PROPFIRST > 1:19 -20\ 
My dear brothers and sisters , take note of this : Everyone should be quick to listen , slow to speak and slow to become angry , because human anger does not produce the righteousness that God desires . 
Proverbs 3:5 -6\ 
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and < PROPFEMALE > not on your own understanding ; in all your ways submit to him , and he will make your paths straight . 
1 Corinthians 13:12 \ 
Now we see things imperfectly as in a cloudy mirror , but then we will see everything with perfect clarity . All that I know now is partial and incomplete , but then I will know everything completely , just as God now knows me completely . 
Psalm 34:17 -18\ 
When the righteous cry for help , the Lord hears and delivers them out of all their troubles . The Lord is near to the brokenhearted and saves the crushed in spirit . 
Psalm 23:4 \ 
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil , for you are with me ; your < PROPMALE > and your staff , they comfort me . 
Romans 8:38 -39\ 
For I am sure that neither death nor life , nor angels nor rulers , nor things present nor things to come , nor powers , nor height nor depth , nor anything else in all creation , will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord . 
Ephesians 4:2 \ 
... with all humility and gentleness , with < PROPFEMALE > , bearing with one another in love ,. \ 
\ 
1 Corinthians 13:4 \ 
Love is patient and kind ; love does not envy or boast ; it is not arrogant ... 
2 Corinthians 6:4 -6\ 
but as servants of God we commend ourselves in every way : by great endurance , in afflictions , hardships , calamities , beatings , imprisonments , riots , labors , sleepless nights , hunger ; by purity , knowledge , < PROPFEMALE > , kindness , the Holy Spirit , genuine love ; 
1 < PROPFIRST > 4\ 
Beloved , do not believe every spirit , but test the spirits to see whether they are from God , for many false prophets have gone out into the world . 
Philippians 4:19 \ 
And my God will supply every need of yours according to his riches in < PROPFEMALE > in Christ Jesus . 
If God is for us , who can be against us ... 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” 
1 < PROPFIRST > 4:18 \ 
There is no fear in love , but perfect love casts out fear . For fear has to do with punishment , and whoever fears has not been perfected in love . 
:*( 
Psalm 139:14 \ 
I praise you , for I am fearfully and wonderfully made . \ 
Wonderful are your works ;\ 
my soul knows it very well . 
Psalm 118:24 \ 
This is the day the Lord has made ; let us rejoice and be glad in it ! 
The weather today fits my mood . 
“I can't change the direction of the wind , but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination . ” 
\Hope is the thing with feathers\ 
There have been days far , far worse then this one . And there have been days much , much greater . 
Romans 3:23 \ 
for all have sinned and fall short of the < PROPFEMALE > of God ... 
Philippians 4:7 \ 
And the peace of God , which surpasses all understanding , will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus . <3 <3 <3 
Missing my grandpa today . 
Grateful for my day off today . ( Thanking the snow for that one ) And very grateful to have a loving family and a husband who makes up for everything I'm not . 
Have faith in your dreams and someday , Your rainbow will come smiling through . No matter how your heart is grieving , If you keep on believing , the dream that you wish will come true . <3 
When a 4 year old throws up all over you in the middle of a parking lot and the only thoughts in your mind are of the child ( not the fact that you will smell like puke the rest of the day ) you have experienced love . 
Ecclesiastes 5:10 \ 
Whoever loves money never has money enough ; whoever loves wealth is never satisfied with his income . This too is meaningless . 
< PROPFIRST > 6:31 -33\ 
“Do not worry then , saying , ‘What will we eat ? ’ or ‘What will we drink ? ’ or ‘What will we wear for clothing ? ’ “For the Gentiles eagerly seek all these things ; for your heavenly Father knows that you need all these things . “But seek first His kingdom and His righteousness , and all these things will be added to you . 
“There is no security on this earth ; there is only opportunity . ” 
I wish i were capable of controlling time . 
\Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday \"" 
Praying about some big decisions . 
If God sends you down a stony path , \ 
may he give you strong shoes . 
\A fear of the unknown keeps a lot of people from leaving bad situations . \"" 
Ugg . Monday . 
Now i remember why i drink coffee every morning . 
< PROPFIRST > 1:12 \ 
Blessed is the man who remains steadfast under trial , for when he has stood the test he will receive the crown of life , which God has promised to those who love him . 
I think the 29th should arrive faster so i can feed my Tangled craving :) 
Dinner with Dad tonight :) 
Banana 
So putting coconut creamer in my coffee was a bad idea . It tastes like i'm drinking my shampoo X { Bleck ! 
Feels good to be back into school :) 
Charm is deceitful , and beauty is vain , but a woman who fears the LORD is to be praised . \ 
Proverbs 31:30 
\No one can make you feel inferior without your consent . \"" 
Learn from your mistakes 
I actually enjoy doing my homework .... I'm such a weirdo . 
I <3 Saturdays 
< PROPFIRST > Tomlin concert last night ..... amazing and inspirational <3 
56 study questions and 2 quizzes later .... i don't think my mind can take any more math for today . 8 { Off work in an hour and am going to enjoy this sun ... while it lasts :) 
I have high expectations for this week . 
Breathe , Dream , Pray , and Love . 
Today , think about your attitude . How often do you hear yourself complaining ? Do you appreciate the little things ? Can you find positivity even in the midst of despair ? \Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats . \"" 
Are you burdened by something in your past ? A mistake ? A regret ? Something you said ? Something you didn’t say ? Don’t let your past define you . Dwelling on what has already happened is useless . Learn from your wrongs and focus on making things right . Let go . And forgive yourself . \ 
“Some of us think holding on makes us strong , but sometimes it is letting go\ " , 2011-04-27 15:42:11 " 
God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today . Have you used one to say \thank you ? \"" 
Seems like a good morning to make beer bread ..... perhaps the wonderful warm scent of freshly baked dough will awaken my sleeping husband :) 
Summer classes online or on campus ? Or some of both ? 
2 hours till Midterm . Im gunna kick math's butt ! ( Hopefully ) 
Anybody know of anyone who would be interested in a full-time childcare job ? 
