partypartyparty good times , good year . 

I just wanna see my boyfraaaaan u.u 
New < PROPFEMALE > itself wasn't all that great , but the acting was better than it was in Twilight . < PROPMALE > Black yuuumm . 
Lovin this taboule 
Wonderful ! My new phone from metro can communicate with everyone BUT my boyfriend . 
It's cold again :D 
GOD you play farmville too ? x.x 
Stop talk talk talking that blah , blah , blah 
I know what's right for me , and from now on ill kick the person in the balls who tells me im wrong . 
In the holiday spirit : > 
ok , WHO made my dad a facebook ? 
Saw nightmare on elm street . preeeetty good . SAT's tomorrow though :/ 
SAT's were pretty easy . Juss chillin with my babyboo , bout to go to the mall cuz at least it'll be cooler there than his house :P white power . 
Watching Bones ... wishing for some rain ... x.x 
Speaking portion of my Spanish exam today . I'm screwed . 
< PROPFIRST>'s car is a < PROPFEMALE > trooper , yet he's never seen < PROPFEMALE > wars . So sad :[ 
The only reason I should go to school is for the oral part of the spanish exam and to make up a spanish test . But really , I can do all that tomorrow . Today I should definitely work on and finish these exam reviews . I hope I can stay home x.x 
Thank god theres only 2 days left ... I dont wanna be here anymore . 
So tired ... really not wanting to go to school . I wanna be with my baaaaby :[[ Two more days , then two days of exams . Ohhh the torture . 
... bazinga . 
Today is my last class day in high school ... and I'm not even there yet . lmao . Exams tomorrow & friday . Ohhh well . 
Food fight today ! Fuckin awesome . Senior class of ' 10 dont go out with no bang , dawg . And I saw a real cat chasing a real mouse . Great day . 
Does ANYONE have a spare graphinc calculator I could use ? x.X 
one more day of exams ... x.X pshycology 2 , economics , web design 3 , aaaaand one for my < PROPFEMALE > class . should be easy as hell . lets hops so , cuz them spanish & algebra examz was tuff today . 
Laaaast day of exams , then I'll be free . Friggen sweet . :] 
Rain , rain DON'T go awaaaay 
I don't mind you under my skin , I'll let the bad parts in , the bad parts in . 
bloo hairz 
Tomorrowwwww . Gonna be fuuuun . 
you can have it all , my empire of dirt 
E'rybody get up , it's time to slam now , we gotta real jam goin down , welcome to the space jam . 
Senior day blew . 
It's about to storm :] Summer timeeee and the livin's easy 
Ugh ... AC is broken at moms , and I have to clean in this hotbox just in case the air is fixed in time for my grandma to come & stay for my graduation . 
Transmission is currently sucking real bad :[ 
The old ladies are gone finally ! ONWARD WITH LIFE . 
WOOO thunder ! 
Doctor , Doctor , I've got an emergency . It seems I'm head over heels , in a case of L-O-V-E ! It's like I'm glowing inside , yeah , a light I can't hide , and if this feeling is bad then I don't wanna be right . 
Anyone know where to buy a boston cream pie ? 
To whom it may concern : I found a boston cream pie . lol . Too bad fathers day plans might be ruined due to a certain soon-to-be brother-in-law bein a deck ... 
I hate painting ... But I can't wait for this room to be DONE . 
I puprchased the paint from hell . One more coat makes five , and I hope to god it will be enough . x.x 
I had a great time at the Gay Pride Parade , even though we missed most of the official parade . Not like there weren't enough rainbow boys and drag queens parading around all on their own :P 
I wish someone would mix the original \Pure Imagination\ " by < PROPFIRST > Wilder with some crazy awesome trance . It might just become my favorite song . " 
My < PROPFIRST > is a swimming pool . Thank you , endless rain . 
Just a little more painting left and I'm < PROPFEMALE > ! Sooo close . This house is finally coming along . Now time for the downstairs lol . Any suggestions ? 
I wanna dooo something ... But alas , I am flat broke . x.X 
I can't wait to get a ride to North < PROPFEMALE > , cuz it makes sense to go to North < PROPFEMALE > . If Asheville is ready then lets go to North < PROPFEMALE > , cuz it makes sense to go to North < PROPFEMALE > . ;] 
i <3 chatroulette 
I <3 < PROPFIRST > Brand 
He knows the simplest ways to make me happy :] 
can't sleep again :[ 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except for a punch in the face , but we can still raise awareness !!! I know quite a few . 
Someone should get me a pair of combat boots for my birthday :] August 1st ! 
Screw the combat boots , I want money for my birthday for a road trip to north < PROPFEMALE > ! Walmart gift cards are nice because you can use them for gasss ... ;] 
< PROPMALE > just walked in on my dog humping his bear in the kitchen ... and apparently my dog is ashamed , because he stopped as soon as he saw < PROPMALE > and walked back into the living room . xD 
Hoping for a road trip 
How many times in my life will I drive up to my dads house to find cop car(s ) parked in front of my neighbors house ? Gettin a liiiittle old . 
I hope I can find my MP3 player x.X 
HCC WTFFF 
HCC okay s'all good : > 
I wish I had cool hair D: 
933 was just playing some awesome GNR and Aerosmith remixes . Still , nothing beats remix of The Unforgiven I heard on Scratch N Sniff a few months ago . 
Ackkk I can't wait for dad to get home so I can compile all of my monies together and see how much I have ready for North Carolinaaa . I wanna go so baaad ! 
I miss my teeth . I wish my braces were coming off soon , but it's not even close . Getting my baby teeth pulled & the adult teeth that are still stuck in my gums exposed on Thursday . Just a few days before my birthday :[ 
Got a lot off my chest last night , and I'm so in love with < PROPMALE > Cox . <3 
We has three quarters of the money for North < PROPFEMALE > put together : > 
Is now considered a full time student at HCC . Classes monday-thurs , none before 11 am . SUH-WEET . 
anyone have an old verizon phone i could use for a few months or buy for a cheap price ? 
So excited for this road trip ! I know I'm totally over-planning everything lol . 
I just had the best day ever . Now time to get some sleep for some oral surgery tomorrow ! :D 
I hate that vicodin makes me feel great for an hour and then makes me feel sick to my stomach . 
Someone ... bake me some cookies . Or some brownies . Anything sweet ! 
Oh man , NC is so close ! Leaving around 1 AM monday . There's still so much left to do it's insane ! I'm just glad my mouth isn't killing me like I expected it to after the exposure of my teeths . That means I'll probably be able to drive a LOT more comfortably for ten hours ... x.X 
Makin ringtones :] 19 in 30 mins . 
Thank you guyz :DDD 
I wish you could post an actual song as your status ... \ 
The best thing about life is knowing you put it together . 
Y'alls is so cuuute thanks for all the happy birthdays :] 
Loving north < PROPFEMALE > and everyone in this beautiful place :] 
nc > fl 
I miss the mountains & all the great people located there already </3 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim tonight ! 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim is the movie of our generation ! You'll know what I mean when you see it . Epic . 
Who thinks I should get my hair cut & styled short ? Not like an inch long , but like midway between ear & shoulder . So tired of not being able to make my hair look like I actually put any time into it . 
Starting college on tuesday :o 
I was signed up for four classes and paid for them all on time , but for some reason when I go to My Class Schedule on hawknet , it says I only have two classes . Is this happening to anybody else ? 
I think I'm really gonna like this college thang . :] 
As long as it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it's an ORGY . @-@ 
Hanging out with Sunshine tomorrow [: [ 
One year & six months with my baby :] oBOI do i love him <3 
Gettin shiz DOOONE . yeaaaa boi ! Now I just need to go to the halloween store and make sure they're still planning on hiring me wtf . 
I'm gonna tongue-punch your moms fart box then read a book . 
Anyone seen machete yet ? Was it good ? 
I'm thinkinggggg ... Halloween party ? :D 
Listen baby ! Ain't no mountain high , ain't no valley low , ain't no river wide enough baby - If you need me , call me , no matter where you are , no matter how far - Don't worry baby - Just call my name , I'll be there in a hurry , you don't have to worry cuz baby there AINT NO MOUNTAIN HIIIIGH ENOUGH , AINT NO VALLEY LOOOOW ENOUGH , AINT NO RIVER WIIIDE ENOUGH , to keep me from gettin to you , babe . :] 
I know what I'ma be for halloweeeeeen ! I love this time of year sooo much . 
Saw Resident Evil in IMAX 3D last night . BOOOOY was it great ! 
Starting at the halloween store Friday . 10 hours a day Friday , Saturday and Sunday . Looking forward to this new store <3 
Ready for my wakeup swim :3 
So tired ... don't know how I'm gonna make it through two 3-hour classes today . 
Party with just my baby tonight WOOHOOOOOOO 
Getting ready for work :] We're open til 9 on a sunday wtf . Y'all should come in and try on costumes to give me something to do . 
Anyone have a bike they don't want ? 
Mmmmm new music on my mp3 
Needs a better job than this par t-t ime halloween store crap . 
Cleaning and re-organizing everything at my dads house again . Not trying to be conceited or anything , but DAMN is he lucky to have me as a daughter . 
Tortoise hole under the house ? Greaaaat . 
its friday , im in north < PROPFEMALE > , the weather is absolutely wonderful and my boyfriends mom is getting married in 4 hours . 
HOME . Daaaaamn what a long trip to take for 4 days , but it was so worth it . Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > Cox & Jr Albers , orrrr should I say Mr. and Mrs. Albers ! <3 
orthodontist & library . don't i feel like a nerd . 
Ahhhh work from 12-8 today and tomorrow . Im gonna die of boredom x.x 
Ive decided this is my last year working at a halloween store . These past 4 years have made me miss out on so much halloween fun , like halloween horror nights , film festivals , and guavaween because they all occur during our busiest times , and Im sick of missing out on my favorite time of the year . 
Somebody should totally go as < PROPFIRST > GaGa for Halloween . And send me pix . 
ughhhhhhhh 6 hours worth of learning starting in 3 hours . 
Say you'll never die , you'll always haunt me . 
Mmmmm it's gonna be so cool this weekend :] Temperature wise lol . I have to work . Not cool . 
Workin on my paper for Psych . I sound like I really know what I'm talking about ! 
HAHAHA ! Finished my paper at 996 words . I OWNEDDD that shiz ! : > 
And you can run , oh your little mouth all day , but the hand of God just smacked you BACK INTO YESTERDAY . 
ah love me some scare tactics and red duct tape :P 
Was just reminded ... Halloween party is ON for the Saturday after halloween . :] Ladies and gents , get your costumes ! 
wow ... eaaaarly start on the christmas shopping . 
< PROPMALE>'s gonna be working with me for a few days at the halloween store because three people quit today lol . I'm so excited : > 
WOW . four people have quit halloween megastore within two days . My manager is such a douchebag . Anyone need a job for about a week ? He's desperate . 
Party this Saturday ( week after Halloween ) . Starts at 9:00 PM . Message me for the address and wear your costumes ! There will be music , food , and dancing amongst other things ;] 
Party this saturday at 9 :] lemme know if you wanna come ! 
lol @ male shake weight commercials . 
PARTY tomorrow night . Starts at 9 , wear your costumes ! And message me for directions :P 
Does anyone know where to buy dry ice ? PARTY TONIGHT message for detailsss 
Good party :] Think I caught a cold though . I've been sneezing non-stop for two days straight , and my nose is hurtin . Thank you < PROPMALE > Valyn for helping me set up , and thank you < PROPMALE > Cox for being the sexiest Betelgeuse in all the land : > 
I REALLY do not feel like going to class today . :[ 
it's so cooooooooooold 
I have a paper due tomorrow , and a test in the same class . Haven't started studying , havent started the paper , but for some reason , I feel no stress whatsoever . 
Yeaaaah now I'm feeling the stress from this paper and the upcoming test :P 
I hate introductions and conclusions . 
Scared for this test today . :[ 
Thoroughly creeped out . One of the flourescent bulbs in the laundry room just crashed to the floor for no reason . Kind of reminds me of the time the < PROPFEMALE > vase fell off the mantle and broke after being in the same place for years and the plate falling off the counter that had been up there for a good hour . 
What should I do tonight ? Other than see < PROPMALE > Potter . 
I'm gonna punch this kid if he doesn't get out of bed NOW . 
I'll only call you an asshole if you're acting like one . 
Off to the flea market with my < PROPFEMALE > : > 
Dang . I've pretty much found everyone their Christmas presents . I wish I could give them all more , though . ' Cept for my Dad . His present's good enough . 
Procrastinating ... Gotta do these notes ... blah ... 
Do you think bread pudding would be better fresh out of the oven , or the day after you make it ? 
Switiching to metro in february . What do you guys have to say about the LG imprint , the Samsung Freeform , and the Samsung Freeform II ? 
Skyline : Awesome movie , since it was made up of other awesome alien movies . War of the Worlds , Independence Day , District 9 ... I'm pretty sure there were a few more . 
Mmm just made sweet potato souffle , gonna go shopping with < PROPMALE > Valyn and < PROPFEMALE > Pasman , then come back and make the bread pudding : > 
I pretty much have the main parts of people's Christmas presents together . Of course I'll keep shopping until I'm broke , though , because it never seems like enough . 
Great Thanksgiving so far and we're not even close to chow time ! : > Happy turkey day everyone . 
One love that has possessed me , One lovethrilling me through . One song , my heart keeps singing , of one love , only for you . Watching snow white : > Happy t-day guyz . 
Sick . Thank you < PROPMALE > Schulte . 
I love my baby . He medicated me and cleared the acorns from my barefoot path :] 
Aaaaaarg school today ... It brings joy to my heart that next weeks classes end this semester . No more 3 hour classes starting at 7 PM for me ! :D 
Going back through my photobucket is making me sad but I can't help it ! 
It's so beautiful out : > I can't wait to go to the craft fair with my mom and sister tomorrow ! 
It's been so long since I last saw the lord of the rings . <3 
IT IS SO COLD . I don't think I've ever had to bundle up like this to walk out of the house at 12:30 PM . Not excited to leave after my final in psych today around 7:45 . 
totally owned those exams . 
This weather is perfect for my new uggs ... too bad the only pants I can wear with them are sweats because any other pants just aren't warm enough >.< 
Got a B in Early American History : > 
cleaning day : ' D 
According to my facebook horoscope , hanging out with < PROPMALE > today may not be such a good idea . BUT I wanna . Never really believed my FB horoscope anyways . :P 
I'm missing myspace ... like , back in 9th grade when making your own layout to reflect your personality was cool . And it was easy to understand . 
Sooo ... there was a small tank in my neighborhood yesterday . Dunno who it belongs to , but I'm jealous . 
anything interesting going on tonight ? 
Anyone know what the binary code on JP's office doors from Grandmas Boy say ? 
Makin cheeseburger and bacon cheeseburger pies tonight to take to < PROPMALE > Valyn ' s Christmas party . 
Cuz she's < PROPFEMALE > hiiiiiiigh , high above me , she's so lovely . She's so hiiiiiiigh , like < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > of Arc or Aphrodite ... :P 
LG Banter touch . Any opinions ? 
Just ordered my new phone from metro :] soon I'll have a new number for all of you to save . 
Help me figure out what I should ask my dad for Christmas . I have no clue . 
anyone gotta guitar they don't want ? 
whaaaaat getting paid to wrap presents ? im down . 
Everyone's an orphan in Zombieland . 
Does waffle house sell gift certificates ? 
I tried scrunching my hair and it looks the exact same . I hate having long , pin straight hair . 
Enjoying my new tea set :] 
It's New Years < PROPFEMALE > ! I'm so exciteddd : > 
Life is great :] Except for gas prices . 
walkin the mile , walkin the mile , walkin the greeen mile , walin the mile . 
Intro to Anthropology teacher reminds me of < PROPMALE > Malfoy , if < PROPMALE > was a hippy . Awesome . 
totally not looking forward to my public speaking class . 
is there ANYTHING remotely interesting going on in Tampa today ? 
just gave my cat a bath . ouch . 
I hate having creepy dreams . 
Time for everyone to re-apply for fafsa ! 
Spending my Friday night babysitting . 
I'm feeling so nostalgic , and really missing how I used to talk to and be friends with everyone . 
Class daaaaaaaaaaaay then more babysitting . yay . >.> 
Puppy chow , grown puppies , and parties . Sounds like its gonna be a fun day with my boo < PROPMALE > Cox and my best friend < PROPMALE > Valyn :] 
Come on let me hold you , touch you , feel you , always ; Kiss you , taste you , all night , always 
Tired of driving a minivan . Especially a bright blue minivan . Especially a bright blue minivan that eats up gas . Especially a bright blue minivan that eats up gas and flickering headlights . 
Mmmm strawberries and cream oatmeal . 
I love it when people close to me prove that they still can't be trusted after so many years . Such a WONDERFUL feeling . 
Dali museum tonight :] 
Mmmm public speaking today . I thought I was gonna hate this class ... but it's turning out to be my favorite . ' Cept for the speech giving part . 
Any free events going on today/tonight in the tampa bay area ? 
You're a voice that never sings . 
