Anyone on here play Heroes of Newerth ? 

Decided to give Facebook a try since no one seems to use myspace anymore , but man its so confusing over here haha . 
So I tracked down some old friends I have not spoken to in years , lets hope they give me another < PROPMALE > . Finally manned up and gave my number to this girl also , lets hope she gives me a < PROPMALE > also haha ! 
Getting pretty tired of my job to be honest . I schedualed my vacation and its coming up soon , we will see how a break goes but I feel like I am ready to move on . 
. egnahc a rof keew nuf a eb dluohS . tas no etats fo tuo morf ni gnimoc si dneirf yM . emit noitacav sti neht dna krow fo keew erom 1 
So I just got off the phone with my mom , she said they lost their house . They dont know how long they have to move out yet , stupid recession . 
That softball game was a disgrace . Certain people had a total lack of hussle I swear , why ask to play certain spots if your just going to stand there and watch the game , theres a bench for a reason . 
I never really considered myself a freak ... but I love to freak ! 
Lots of driving yesterday , but despite being super tired all day I am glad I made my friend happy for the trip . Updating facebook a little more , started talking to this one chicka , she seems pretty cool so far , maybe she will text me lol . ** Hint Hint ** 
All I know is we better have a real team tonight at softball . None of that slacker B.S from last game . 
We are looking for 1 more person to go to Elitches with us tomarrow . I will pay for your ticket and everything to get in . Just need 1 more to make it even . Text me or mail me here . 970-380-7602 . Hurry . 
Still looking for 1 more for Elitches . We are leaving in an hour or two . Text me if you want to go , its free . 970-380-7602 
Ok we found a 4th person at last . Thanks for all that participated lol . 
Kind of tired , was a long day in the sun yesterday . Facebook seems so plain , but its a million times more active then myspace , I like talking to all these new people . 
Well my schedual is clear until tuesday night , hit me up if you want to do anything . Btw its hot as hell right now , my goodness ! 
Ok to hell with this , I am heading to walmart to pick up a couple fans . Its too damn hot . 
Vote for me . I need to beat this ugly baby - http://www.myyearbook.com/battles/?battleid=27831623 
Well I am pretty much screwed , somehow my rent money is missing 10 dollars today . Check my bank account and they let me withdraw more then I had somehow , now they add a 24 dollar charge every 3 days I dont cover it , and I dont get any money until the 19th .. To hell with this ! 
Someone < PROPFEMALE > me $70 dollars until the 19th . Things got all messed up here , I am pretty screwed at the moment . 
Playing S4 with a < PROPMALE > of mine , might go get some hitting practice in later . Damn I blew so much money , it sucks . 
Bored , wishing a friend of mine would come back on , would be cool to finish our conversation from earlier . 
Waiting on a song , I think its going to be amazing !!! 
May all your dreaming fill the empty sky ! 
Going to sleep I am so tired . Slept 3 hours yesterday , and then worked all night . Hopefully when I get up I will find a nice present in my inbox , and my mailbox lol ! 
Its nice to see even after a year of not talking , some people are still just as childish as ever . Grow up already , life goes on either way ! 
So I just got to work , the parking lot is so flooded my pants are soaked to the knees , try working in a cooler with wet socks n shoes on !!! 
Not looking forward to going to work tonight , been pretty frustrated with that place for quite some time now . I literally have to convince and drag myself there every night . 
So I am on lunch break , going 2 see if I can stay for a 12 , and I cant get ahold of Amber ... what the hell .. 
Hell Yeah !! Tonight it was like a whole new team out there . Nice hits , nice catches , nice plays . It was nice to pull out the W ! 
Hell yeah !!! Just got my check and there is about 100 dollars more then I was expecting , this is going 2 help alot 
Heading into work , I really dont feel like going lol . Looking forward to tomorrows game , hopefully it does not get cancelled or rain . Lets hope some crap is different at work tonight , I really feel like quitting ! 
So tomorrow is the big 25th birthday everyone waits their whole life for . Hello insurance break !!! 
Now you will never know what I never knew , but I'll keep on waiting for you , because what I dont know ... I see in you ! 
So life is totally different for me now . Everything is changing and its all for the better I just feel it . I have not had this in my life , this feeling , this enjoyment in many years . I just hope I can be who I need to be and never lose this feeling . On a side note the softball tournaments are this weekend , I have a good feeling about this ! 
So the internet has been shut off for a couple weeks , sorry for not ever getting back to anyone . Anyways things are turning around now though , so it should be back on by the end of the month I hope . Things are looking real good actually , I am pretty damn happy ! 
Someone give me a lot of money . Or like a 100 bucks at least . Peace and Love ! 
So we are in the middle of moving everything to the new apartment . Its bigger , and in the basement so its supposed to be much cooler . We shall see . We took a break to print off directions and check the updates . Which I have none , awsome . Anyways peace and love ! 
So we drove 8 hours to Kansas to get the baby , his dad breaks the court agreement and refuses to give him to us . So he is in contempt of court , he then turns around and attacks me . In self defense I wrestle him to the ground and submit him with a headlock from behind . The cops show up and charge us both with Battery . Got to go all the way back for court at the end of the month . Was a pretty awsome weekend . 
So we just dropped 540 dollars on a lawyer fee . I really hope this all works out for us . We are working hard and keeping positive but it seems like life is fighting us every single inch , even down to the little things . Well we cant pull out now . So wish us luck ! 
So I feel like things are finally going to start going right again . As long as we keep working hard , everything will go great for us . I really am happy right now . Had the 3D ultrasound yesterday , crazy but awsome . She is almost 27 weeks . Buy us presents lol ! 
So we left Sunday for the 9 hour drive to Kansas . Got to court and they dropped all charges , no jail time , no fines , or anything . < PROPFEMALE > and I got to spend two days with the little man < PROPMALE > . All of that I am very happy about , and am really thankful for . However , my mom called and one of my grandmothers passed away , I hope she is in a better place . R.I.P Grandma < PROPFEMALE > . 
Getting ready and heading to the funeral . 
So we came back from the funeral . It went well , I expected more people but who knows I guess . I plan on updating my pictures soon I think . < PROPFEMALE > is on me all the time about putting some of my 200 pictures online from my phone haha . Well take a great day , peace and love ! 
Hurting pretty bad for money right now , if anyone can help I would appreciate it . Please contact me via email , have not had a phone in a while . Thanks ! 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone , God Bless ! 
Just got off the phone with the Doctor , they are saying I tested positive for my < PROPFEMALE > blood test , which is a test for auto immune diseases . They have not told me any details , I have an appointment on Monday to discuss a \health care plan \"" 
So the Doctor is telling me I have Lupus ... but I am not so sure . I read the results and there was multiple diseases it \could be\ " so who knows . I am supposed to see a specialized in a couple weeks . For now I am on steroids . " 
So we just got back from the OB and they are saying the baby has dropped pretty low . They are saying she isn't going to make it until the due date . So they bumped up the C-Section . Having a baby pretty soon . 
December 10th , 2010 - Everything changes today , Baby < PROPFIRST > is on the way . Next time I post I will be in Daddy mode . Wish us luck we are headed to the hospital . 
So I am back from the hospital for a few hours . Everything when great with the < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . If everything keeps going perfect , they will be coming home tomarrow . I uploaded one picture , we have tons more but for right now I gave you a teaser lol . God Bless ! 
So we just got home with < PROPFIRST > . Both him and < PROPFEMALE > are doing great . It feels good to finally be home with my family . I am sure we will be getting pictures up within a few days . Right now everyone is just relaxing ! 
We are headed back to the hospital . < PROPFEMALE > has been having a lot of stomach pains lately , got some testing done and they said she needs to get admitted to the hospital ASAP . They have to put her on IV Antibiotics and possibly do emergency surgery . 
