relaxing 

can someone explain to me what a \jedi\ " is ? " 
listening to some old music(three days grace ) .. well old to me at least 
happy 
i was going to go out today but idk if the rain will impede that . w/e walkin connor to p-ville in a little while 
off this piece ! haha out 
anxiously awaiting the < PROPMALE > Cotto vs . Manny Pacquiao fight . so close yet so far away 
whats better than sleeping for 2 hours a night ? 
ugh this is horrible . i was at a retreat for 8 hours and come to find my fantasy team losing when i had a higher projected total . 
Fight Night Tonight ! Cotto vs . Pacquiao 
woke up this morning in the scariest way possible ! someone climbing through your window and shaking your bed ! thanks court lol 
Not gonna lie , this year sucked :) 
Just woke up to my dog trying to puke on my bed agaian ... not this time . Crisis averted 
\There is no instance of a country having benifited from prolonged warfare . \ " - Sun Tzu " 
It's Doppelgänger week .. during this week , change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you've been told you look like ... post this to your profile and message your friends with it ! 
lol i love hawaiian punch 
for lent i am going vegitarian lol . wish me luck 
tired and what not 
I shambled after as I've been doing all my life after people who interest me , because the only people for me are the mad ones , the ones who are mad to live , mad to talk , mad to be saved , desirous of everything at the same time , the ones that never yawn or say a commonplace thing , but burn , burn , burn like fabulous yellow < PROPMALE > candles exploding like spiders across the stars 
\ I must lie down where all the ladders start In the foul rag and bone shop of the heart . \"" 
lol i love it when someone talks behind your back even though you havet really talked to them in , idk 2 years ? 
im going to use tues , wed , and thurs during mcas to make up all my missing work lol 
went to take a 20 minute nap .. and i wake up 4 and a hlf hours later 
tired , dont feel good 
Stuck in traffic ... 
Watching ratotuie or however the hell you spell it with < PROPFIRST > and christian 
How pathetic i am . 20 minutes at most of soccer with < PROPFIRST > and already huffin and puffin 
Lol lets just say my house is \lit \"" 
\There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery . \ " - < PROPMALE > Alighieri " 
\No one would choose a friendless existence on condition of having all the other things in the world . \ " - Aristotle " 
very very very fun day .. got videos to prove it lol 
Things I accomplished today : Scream Green Day at the top of my lungs , check . Downed 4 plates in 30 minutes at Lo < PROPFEMALE > all you can eat buffet , check . Played chicken , me against a car , check . Swam in chemically inbalanced waters , freezing cold , check . And thats only what happened after 3 PM 
Gummy bears and coke for breakfast 
only two more mondays , not including today . i like the way that sounds 
Kickin ass in mortal kombat 
nap time 
Watchin wassup rockers with beanie ahah 
Unbelievable tired . Text 
Watching the original A-Team show hahah badass 
Watchin < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s Bogus Adventure with Court . Be jealous 
\The miserable have no other medicine but only hope . \"- William Shakespeare " 
Nothing feels better than winning a championship huh kobe ? Well raping white women is a close second isnt ? 
Ahaha 5:00 and still kickin 
Well this only sucks ALOT 
Watching texas chainsaw massacre with my sister < PROPFIRST > 
out to go chill with Linaaaa 
Well im still awake and i gotta wake up in 4 hours . Only sucks alot 
Tupac ressurection .. Text 
UFC 116 ! 
Roaming ' round your house wasting your time , 
In maine still . Back on saturday 
A man wearing crocs is no man at all 
Not a good idea 
Beep Beep Ritchie 
out to get a short asian girl a birthday present ! 
Half gallon of chocolate milk ... Its a health drink 
In a situation ive never been in before .. Utterly confused 
going goingg goneee 
Prepare for chompetiton .. Snickers 
\I could while away the hours 
Gonna try to sleep early now 
Do you ever think back to another time ? \ 
Does it bring you so down that you thought you lost your mind ? 
Close my eyes , let the whole thing pass me by , there is no time to waste asking why .... 
Well my dad took a puzzle box and took out another bat in my house . This guys a pro 
nothing ever goes right 
Everything has beauty , but not everyone sees it . 
\I am the literary equivalent of a Big < PROPMALE > and Fries . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
Sleeping is overrated anyways i guess .. 
Apathy has rained on me\ 
Now I'm feeling like a soggy dream\ 
So close to drowning but I don't mind 
I have yet to sleep yet .. 
Ahh the one that got awayy 
Chillen with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > text 
Release the crakken 
Just woke up ... Going back to bed . Not feeling good 
Poppins 
Ahhhh cleaning ! 
Driving rangeee 
\In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life : it goes on . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Frost " 
Awesome . The night i decide to leave in sandals , it downpours on me while trying to get into the bank . Now my socks are wet and im soaked ..! 
Twilight zone ..! 
\Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys - P . J . O'Rourke " 
Ahah wiffle ball like little kids 
Madden 11 is too nice 
at dereks while hes beasting at madden ahah 84 points in an online game . be back in the morning 
Snatch 
And you smile like a saint\ 
but you curse like a sailor\ 
and your eyes say the joke's on me 
Chilllinnn wit the besssst girl everrr i love herr ! 
How come old cartoons had laugh tracks ? 
Off to maxs ! Text 
Home for a bit then im out 
Chillen at dereks then out tomorrow 
ahhh bout to watch a movie with courttt 
Im counting sheep , but im running out 
Awesome . I check the mail today and im excited to see schedules . But upon further investigation , they gaveme my brother and sisters . not me . second year in a row 
I love how connor can play speed metal on his guitar and no one will wake up lol 
Watchin < PROPMALE > and teds bogus journey 
I am , \The New Deal \"" 
Friday bustur 
yeah so i finnaly got my schedule and its all messed up .. got L1 though so im good :) 
School . where the men are men , and the women are too . 
Family dollar is by far the worst smelling place 
Playin catch with the locals 
< PROPFEMALE > grahams 
San dimas california . 2691 A.D :) 
I think about your face , and how i fall into your eyes . The outline that I trace around the one that I call mine 
I hate the doctors 
i already cant wait for summer 
Awesome . Went to tell connor how \awesome\ " he was and i got a foot to the face " 
why is the ice cream truck playing < PROPMALE > ? 
This sucks but w.e 
Harvin you suck 
\Be excellent to each other \"" 
Ive noticed that in zombie movies , black people are very good at killing zombies 
Its amazing how two people can take up the whole sidewalk 
Skunk sprayed outside my window so now i cant sleep 
im too tired . food then bed 
< PROPFEMALE > Moore wears the pants ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > food for breakfast 
It's t-shirt time ! 
Feel better ? 
you just got hacked by your BFFFL < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > <3 ! ily ily ily ily ily \ 
ily and ily !!!! 
all smiless :) 
Walkinggg home ! 
Stuffing my fat face with whatever i can find 
just woke up so movies with the broski 
my back is killin me and my head hurts ahh ! maybe out for a bit then off to homecoming ! 
Shower , then bed . text 
Monday night football 
Tate with the 103 yards return , < PROPFIRST > with the punt block , and then another td all in a little over 2mins 
fooooooooooooooooooooooooooood 
Omw home from chelseaaaa :p 
Thankyou , < PROPMALE > Dolan for waking me up at 8:46 to tell me what day it is .. Now I cant go back to sleep .. I hate you 
This weekend has been too much 
\Being born is like being kidnapped . And then sold into slavery \"" 
Lmao im pretty sure some black guy just tried to sell me a gold chain 
im so hungry 
Watching the simpsons in philosophy 
Long night ahead of me 
Birthday partyyy 
I have the worst luck 
I dont feel good whatsoever 
Missing dog . Yorkshire Terrier named < PROPMALE > . Been missing since early afternoon in centralville . Gold/silver/gray . If youve seen him , please call me 9783321009 
Its gonna be a long day 
< PROPMALE > is home now for anyone who cared lol 
too early to be awake ! laundry , then birthday partyy 
Pretty sure i just heard shots outside my house . Awesome 
bout to go lay down for a bit then to finish my story for creative writing .. 
what now ? 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for giving me an incredible amount of pain for my walk home . You a doll ! 
Walking home , dont feel good :/ 
power nap :) 
Its time to drown out the world and exist on my own 
This life is all a dream , and my real life starts when I go to sleep 
Life lessons with < PROPFIRST > ... That was deep . 
Mall with < PROPFIRST > and this booshie 
Layin down till this one calls , then out again 
Just got a crazy reality check 
ball up with dlo soon , then out 
so i got a whole bunch of girls at mcdonalds to say that < PROPMALE > Dolan looked like < PROPFIRST > Beiber ... classic 
little bit of homework then nap ,, too tired 
its eating away at me 
Just woke up late ,, pizza and mountain dew for brekfast 
gonna go read , then bed 
I always pick the worst days to not feel good 
Ill be up up and away , up up and away , cuz they gon ' judge me anyway so whatever 
My left eye has been twitching all day 
Gettin ready for school ahaha 
For the Lord of all shows no partiality , nor does he fear greatness , because he himself made the great as well as the small , and he provides for all alike ; but for those in power a rigourous scrutiny impends . - Wis 6:7 , 8 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Lemery for deciding that it was a \good idea\ " to send me a wake up messgae 21 times -_-" 
SLC punk 
phones still off for the moment , call the house if anything 
Phones back on 
School so < PROPFIRST > can < PROPFEMALE > me by my tie ! 
Gettin ready for harvest ... I feel too old for this lol but its gonna be funn 
Just wakin up in the mornin gotta thank God , i dont know but today seems kinda odd 
I love orange juice ... 
Laughing at < PROPMALE > singing cascada and playin black ops 
Why is this confusing 
Cant sleep . not tired whatsoever .. this is gonna be a long night :/ 
Hangin with < PROPFEMALE > at my house 
Lockdown at school ... Im leaving regardless at 230 
Omw to salem to get my brother 
\Like\ " this status if I ever made you smile . Now post this as your status and see how many people you have made happy . " 
I have no school spirit 
Im considering drinking a cup of gravy , just for kicks 
plans got tossed around for abit . now im stranded with nothing to do for a couple hours 
Apparently playing leap frog is deadly .. 
Im wired up on coffee right now .. Im not sleeping 
So tired , my legs are killin me from the steps .... andd steps and steps and steps etc 
its absoulutely freezing out ... 
Watchin < PROPMALE > lol , i miss being little 
gonna go read for a while , text if anything 
other than the fact that its absolutely freezing out , today was good . and i got chocolate covered pretzels 
Way to bring my mood down ... 
now when the sun come up , ill be there to say what up in the mornin 
Playin madden with < PROPMALE > ... Lucky 
I love how the same cop car drove by me 3 times just to see what i was doing waiting ... racist 
So tired but cant sleep :/ 
Had fun today , tired but cant sleep 
What worse than gettin an hour of sleep ? Having that hour interrupted by a dog puking all over your bed 
i get home and i have too much to do before i can take a nap :/ 
Attempt #1 at sleeping .. Wish me luck 
Gonna go to bed , school then out :) 
Idk whos dumber , me or the girls still wearing flats to school 
Im so tired , feel like i got hit by a truck 
Bestfriend night con < PROPFEMALE > !!! Be jealousss 
just dropped < PROPFEMALE > off from bestfriend nighttt 
Sometimes it just feels so good to lay down , like a breath of fresh air 
Everything that shine aint always gonna be gold 
bout to be out with dman for a while , then to watch the gsp koscheck 2 
Lmao this is an interesting conversation 
Lmao this is an interesting convo 
May i waste your time too ? 
Watchin movies until sleep , text if you must 
One more friendship ends , \ 
And then for awhile , \ 
I can breathe again 
Damn .. only 17 days until me doing dumb things becomes socially \unacceptable \"" 
So for culture day , a group of dominicans were playing a drum beat in the tunnel 
So i have to limp home .. Awesome 
So im gonna take mr northrups challenge . 20 books before i graduate 
that's a side effect that you get\ 
when you trade bad dreams for some great nightmares 
I dont think anyone understands how cold i am 
Lms 1like ; 1dislike .. never been this bored 
On my way to school , then meeting after school , then home 
Lhs is ridiculous , i got an excessive absence notice for missing 3 days ... wth 
im dissapointed in myself for not playing soccer in highschool , stupid kelin 
So tired .. Gettin ready for salem for the weekend 
Kickin it old school with < PROPMALE > in salem 
Just got home from salem , cleaning for a bit then idk 
Only asians would break dance . Outside . In the middle of winter . Without shirts on ... crazy people lol 
Easy < PROPMALE > . Enough said 
Walking home , i decdided to take a short cut .. I ducked under a chain and ripped my pants ... i feel like spongebob 
You are a disgusting fat-body , Private Pile 
I feel horrible in every way , shape , and form 
woke up late , 3rd day in a row ... waitin for the shower then school , then out 
just got home , ahh dont want to move 
Laundry , then family party tonight 
\I could never be anything but catholic . Not unless strongman becomes a religion . Then im totally converting . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
I hate to see y'all frown but I'd rather see her smiling 
Sometimes , you make me absolutely sick to my stomach , js 
Just got off the phone , aha i need to start goin to bed early 
Walking tp mcdonalds ... so cold :( 
Ok just stop talking . Now . 
Won alight up bouncy ball from everest college . So excited 
Kind of mad that the bag of new socks i got , which was supposed to have seven pairs , only came with 13 individual socks ... 
Its funny . Im very good at just dance , but i cant dance for real .. wth 
Gonna lay down , in pain , text you must 
so tired , goin out to chill with dman and curty ... i swear they're butt buddies 
Someone get me a gun so i can shoot myself in the knee lol 
Ive had senioritis since sophmore year 
These snow days are making up for the meager 10 days we got for xmas . Eat it < PROPMALE > high . 
In an ideal world , all 10 of my fingers would be on my left hand , so my right hand would be a fist just for punching . 
Throwing caution to the wind and crushing the if boy hill on the res :) 
im absoultely freezing , dont want to deal with school today 
im honestly done 
Damn nightmares . Im up now 
\I'm feeling like im < PROPFIRST > pan minus the tights and the fairies happy to see how far I've come to the same place it began my dreams and imagination perfectly at peace so I move along a bit higher . \"" 
Just bad luck i guess 
Home alone for a couple hours 
Pursuit of Happiness-Kid Cudi 
Walkin to the store , im slackinn 
phones off for the time being ... damn 
phones off , so message me on here if im needed 
this is why i hate not having cable in my room ... but i guess this works 
gonna go lay back down , phone stil off so message here 
even with the day off i still havent slept yet ... 
now i need to shovel .. 
just finished my tenth job app ... if i dont get a job this time , someone might die -_- 
very bored ... lms ill tell you what i think of you , in all honesty 
Lhs is a prison i swear it 
Im sick of most people . 
Not trying to sound cocky , but i want to be in even better shape than im already am 
I just bought a first class trip to nowhere - everybody goes there 
hangin with my sister tonightttt 
No school .. back to bed for a bit then out :) 
Layin down , waiting to get picked up , then goneee 
Awesome . As im finishing my story for school , on the fifth < PROPFEMALE > , LAST PARAGRAPH , my cats decided to fight on the power strip . Now i have to re do it 
When you look the way I do , its hard to get a table for one at < PROPMALE > E . Cheese 
So im definantely jumping off my roof today into a snow pile 
After 2 hours in c house , im out with a new schedule 
Awesome . Ran out of hot water 
Ive lost all respect for you 
You cant trust anyone anymore 
2 minutes drill 
Id be pissed if someone gave me that trophy . theres so many finger prints and smudges 
School really needs to fix its mouse problem 
Turkey pot pie and bootleg movies :) 
So im pretty sure i have a stalker .. Everywhere i go i turn around and see this person staring .. 
Cooler , Ives . 
Its funny how it takes all the energy i got from sleeping to get up in the morning 
My escape from reality is just what i needed , brings me to a place where shorty never cheated . and even if she tried and succeded in this other world i woudnt even get heated 
I feel like dookie 
Im boycotting lhs , its turning into an actual health hazard to go there with the tunnels falling apart and mice infestation 
Just cut my finger open cleaning a glass , when is this going to end ? 
Bro-day 
Hamburger time 
I hate my nightmares 
My < PROPFIRST > this year is a little lady named Insonmia , we're spending all night together 
I'm paranoid so excuse me if I seem to be nervous But everybody from my past now they trying to resurface 
You dont really care bout the trials of tomorrow , rather lay awake in the bed full of sorrow 
If there wasnt a half day today , i may have gone postal afterwards 
Home , cleaning :/ , out a little later 
Im super-cut-lery-alistic-leaner-ala-docious 
Burnt my hand taking a hambuger off the grill , always me 
This bomb threat is playing with my emotions 
Watching the original phantom of the opera 
I feel incredibly sick , wth .. 
The closer to summer it gets , the happier i become 
Bought a book online and got it today , and i realized that this book has seen more of the country than i have . Thats sad 
After an amazing 30 minutes sleep , im now wide awake 
\Fish sticks aren't an aphrodisiac . Your thinking of deer penis . \ " - < PROPMALE > K . Shrute " 
Its funny how i cant sleep so i go to watch a movie . One of the suggested titles was Insonmia ... netflix loves to mock me 
Walking to dracut , soooo far 
Had a real good night :) 
So tireddd , sleeping in tomorrow :) text 
I live through words not metaphors 
Boston after school for my test ... 
So due to a minor mix up , they wont let me test today .. proves my luck is just horrible 
Its nice that i can smile after having a bad day :) 
Nap , then going back to what ive been doing :) 
Waiting for the call back :) 
With < PROPFIRST > :) watching ... idol 
Ill be finne once i get it . Ill be goooooood 
At the very least im interesting looking 
Just got off the phone :) , bed , then to see her tomorrow 
Cleaning -_- 
Watching a movie with samm :) 
On my way home from sams :) , fun , but im exhausted 
Got my wish :) , goodnighttt 
Writing a paper , textin < PROPFIRST > :) and listin to some cudi 
getting ready , then goin to sams for a whilee :) 
Had a great time with < PROPFIRST > :) 
So tired , moving around sounds like too much work 
Goin to bed a little early tonight i think , sams tomorrow :) 
Off the phonee :) bedd 
lms and ill write something nice on your wall , need something to do till bum finishes her movieee 
Three litlle birds , song of the day 
Boston again today .. 
Got an 85 on my asvab . Nbd 
had a good time with < PROPFIRST > :) and its beautiful out so im taking the long way home with a half gallon of chocolate milk :)) 
Didnt sleep well last night ... 
Good friends we have had , \ 
Oh , good friends we've lost \ 
along the way\ 
In this great future you can't forget your past\ 
So dry your tears , I say 
im on hold with customer service trying to get my replacement phone , and my phones gonna die , and the reason im getting a new one is because my phone wont charge . just my luckk right ? 
truth is .. lms ,, waiting for the insurance people 
Waiting to call samm :) , then bed 
i feel like i just got hit by something really , really heavy 
Let bygones be bygones , Im gone\ 
Let all your pain be champagne and Patron 
Watchin boyz in the hood and textin < PROPFIRST > :) 
for whatever reason , metro shut off my phone when my biii isnt due for 3 weeks .. customer service again i guess 
even better . the insurance company took it upon themselves to transfer everything to a phone i dont have yet and wont have till tonight 
much to my expectations , ups has yet to deliver my phone . hmu on here if anything :\\ 
Got my new phone working :) 
Waiting for this bum to call back , then bed 
Lms , like & dislike .. So bored 
My cat fell asleep on my ass .. wth now i cant get up 
Textin < PROPFIRST > till i fall asleep :) 
Looking foward to todayy 
Out of school , home for a bit , then with < PROPFIRST > 
Honestly had a real bad day 
Hospital after school .. 
it sucks , the more i think about it the madder i get .. it takes a lot for me to be mad 
Andd theres no hot water .. 
Soft lockdown , awesome 
Baby how i dream of being free since my birth\ 
Cursed but the demons i confronted would disperse\ 
Have you ever heard of some shit so real\ 
Beyond from the heart , from the soul you can feel 
microwave breakfast sausage <3 
Ever have that sneaking suspicion your about to get robbed ? 
Its beautiful out 
Just got a ball sent to my head via < PROPMALE > with a lax stick . Awesome 
Yupp , cant move really . And i actually wanted to go today too 
Yeah almost just died . 18 wheelers these days 
I feel like < PROPFIRST > Copperfield 
Just got a voicemail from snoop dog via metro pcs .. Smh 
Maybe my luck is turning around after all :) 
Nope , not happening like that . 
About to go < PROPMALE > armstrong on these bitches . 
Layin down tryin to sleep 
Scrubsssss 
You might hear the birds sing and flyin around\ 
You never see them\ 
Too long on the ground\ 
You wanna be one of them ... 
spending this beautiful day .... filling out job applications -_- 
Walking home is kinda creepy when im the only person on the streets ... at all 
Awake ahhhhh .. 
School , hopefully seeing < PROPFIRST > today 
At the end of the day\ 
I'm walking with the heart of a lion 
Manny Ramirez retired , finnally . 
KiD CuDi- The Prayer 
Off the phone , time for bed i guess 
Deffinantely just got a ton of food from dollar tree 
Play it back from the top if you recognize real 
About to take a nap . Hopefully waking up to better news 
My heart thump not from being nervous\ 
Sometimes im thinking God made me special here on purpose 
My heads pounding , my knees swollen and my back is killing me .. I sound like a complaining prego girl -_- 
I feel better now :) , but i dont see myself sleeping at all tonight 
Yeah not feelin it right now 
Said it last year , i'll say it again . Daisuke needs to just die 
Still awake ,, 
Just had two crack heads threaten me from their 3rd floor balcony window . < PROPMALE > <3 
Hockey , then out hopefully 
Wasnt the day i hoped for , but it wasnt bad 
Bout to hop in the shower real quick , then back to bedd 
waiting on something soooo .. lms and ill tell you what i like about you 
Right here in my dreams . Everything is a-okay . I dont worry bout anything . Cause every day , every day , every day is < PROPFEMALE > here in my dreams , nahhh 
Ive been out of the shower for half an hour now , and im still laying in bed in post-shower mode . Its gonna take a miracle for me to get up 
The hardest part about roller blading is telling your parents your gay . 
Your confusing 
Ive been watching documentarys all day . And ive learned something . They make me really depressed lmao 
I have to be up in less than 4 hours and i cant sleep . Insonmia , I truly do hate you 
< PROPFIRST > rios is the besstttttt :) 
30 minutes till my last april vacation :) 
wow i really need a job for after school . i hate idle waiting . home for a bit , then outt 
my phones about to commit suicide via text bombing itself 
Never playing basketball again . Im so terrible 
I cant move . So im confining myself to my bed for the next couple of hours . Out later 
Yupp , been in bed all day cause my knee decided that it wants to cause severe pain .. Not going out tonight 
I ain't gotta wait for no one If I wanna fly I could fly for freedom . Hey ! 
yupp cant sleep again . another long night i guess 
Sit down on milk crates and play dominoes\ 
Capicu , slam it down tell ' em adioss 
Deffinantely just walked past questlove 
i never realized how many fun things there are to do a 2:07 am ... gonna be a long week 
Lifes a freight train and im stuck on the tracks 
Reading for a whilee , preping for night number 4 
My little asian friend once told me to wait and hope for the best . < PROPFEMALE > , if your not right , im kicking your ass in front of God and everybody :) 
Guess who cant sleep again ? This guy . watching tv with court 
\ She said I don't spend time like I really should \ 
So sick of it , ahhhhhhh 
Up up and away - KiD CuDi :))) 
So much for having fruity pebbles :( 
< PROPFEMALE > bored now ... lms for a confession 
damnnn :/ 
Kiss me goodbye and write me while im gone . Goodbye my sweetheart , hello vietnam 
Deff just made a ridiculous amount of pudding 
Uppp , going to play hockey for a bit , getting ready , benefit 
Chillin with beibsssss , then benefit 
Got a t-shirt with < PROPFIRST>'s face on it :) , its my new favorite shirt , love ya man see you soon <3 
I had so many weird dreams last night , ridiculous 
Ahaha idk why , but rain always puts me in a good mood 
Only way to lose it to fail to try\ 
But I'ma hold it down till the day I die 
Honestly love reconnecting with old friends 
I <3 stuffing 
Yeah , ive barely left my bed today 
Called it :) 
i need what the world cant give me 
Already forgot we had school , this day already sucks 
just woke up and im bored . Lms truth is ... 
\he did the dougie .. on her face \"- < PROPFIRST > ... < PROPFEMALE > wrongg lmfao " 
Its not even 10 and already halfway through the school day 
So ive gained 10 pounds over the vacation :( , itll be gone in a week though :) 
Literrally just saw 30 bruins status ' . Ones enough , thanks 
Have you ever been to heaven at night ? Closing your eyes the feeling so right . At first you might see this one bright beam of light 
I know he'd better be good to you . Cause if he doesn't , I'll be there 
Im walking around in circles in a hallway for gym like a turkish prisoner 
I think im first but surely finish last 
Take a shower your attitude stinks . wanna know what I think ??? 
Its cool , i dont like to sleep anyways 
Its gonna be a good weekend 
ahhh AWKWARD 
I hate coming home to nothing to eat -_- 
Its okay i am not mad yo , unless you stabbed me in the heart , no love hoe 
Im watching a movie called hobo with a shotgun .. Guess whos disturbed ? 
I <3 Wok USA 
Just drank a half gallon of OJ :) 
Its love how Osama is now the most popular person on facebook 
Might i add that was probably the most expensive game of hide and seek ever ? 
Too bad wiz khalifa is a no talent ass clown 
Up until an hour ago , i thought it was thursday . Fml , shower then bed 
You got a smile so bright , You know you could have been a candle 
I would trip on a treadmill in the gym -_- 
Catchin that sunshine todayyy 
Dennys :) then beachhhhh 
Wow really ? And here i am thinking i could trust you 
Gettin ready , < PROPFIRST>'s walk today 
