Expoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpoexpo !!!!!! Who's going !?! 

Expo was fantastical . 
-Dances . - I got a four on my AP Photography !! Yaaay ! 
xD These quizzes amuse me so much . <3 Can't wait for my Scottish Korean hottie in a kilt for the family portrait . 
I am in pain . wtf . 
I highly recommend that everyone should watch Everything is Illuminated . Great , great movie . 
-On a search for an artist . - 
BUWAHAHAHAHAHAA !!!!!! I HAVE A CARDREADER . 
I feel sick ... >_< -Bats off stress . - Go away ... Gooo awaaaaay . 
My baby is here ! <3333 
Loves her new toys . =D 
I'm in a terribly snarky mood . 
I wanna drink you sober . 
It washed away all their hate and society started advancing . 
I feel like I'm in a glass room , quickly filling up with water . 
Fujimoto is redhead love . I want me some of that action . 
Just finished seeing Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog for the first time and is in love . 
God ... damn mental disorders . -Shakes fist . - Why do haunt me so ? I left you back in middle school ! Stay out of my life now ! >_< -Fume , fume , fume . - 
I'm good darling , I'm gone . 
14 days ' till Kiltfest . =3 
Finding bio rather slow today ... enzymes are not that hard of a concept . >_<; 
G DRAGON BLEACHED HIS HAIR . 
Seven days ' till Kilt Con ! =333 And I get to see some love-el-lee Scottish men -- throwing things . 
HIGHLAND GAMES 09 IN FIVE DAYS . 
I HURT SO MUCH -- BUTBUTBUTBUTPICTURETIME . 
I do not like having to reread/rewrite stuff I wrote by hand ages ago , onto the laptop . >_< There's too much of it . 
I am freaking out . 
Makin ' her wings this week , ho'shi-- 
I am about to esplode . 
There is nothing more win , than reading One Piece during Biology . 
would make a totally awesome make up artist ... if she didn't manage to get sparkles in her eyes while trying to take off the wonderfully fantastic make up . 
????????!!!! 
does not like having an injured hand . 
will finish uploading tomorrow , sleep meds are kicking in and I'm barely holdin ' on to make sure these pictures have loaded ... tomorrow expect the tea party , pirates and some older modeling gigs , and stock photography . 
I AM DONE WITH UPLOADING MODELED PHOTOGRAPHY ... Do I dare do my other photos .... 
ajdgsakg -- bio exam tomorrow . ~_~ 
incense : great tool to make a laced-burn effect in nylo , but will always blow toward you , no matter what side of wind you sit on ... 
spiderweb : the hardest material to work with ; I now sympathize with web building spiders . 
is sick ... with a head cold . wtf . 
My head is way too crowded and no one gets this ... is it just me , or am I really that off . 
Secret societies and underground sewer-casinos . Who would have thought . 
had a REALLY great study session with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . =333 We WILL totally do it again . 
has progressed to talking out loud to invisible people ... because they have been giving her headaches with their child-like need for attention . 
is a wee bit concerned her 7 < PROPFEMALE > research paper has grown into 12 < PROPFEMALE > s and is still not done . 
is free with the finals . 
got an A on her research paper .... and Moorpark may publish it . =D Celebration time , yes ? 
Makin ' and bakin ' cookies . 
didn't think it was possible she could become anymore obsessed with Moning's books .... BRING ON THE FAIRIES AND DRUIDS AND DELECTABLE HIGHLAND WARRIORS . 
Best thing I've heard all day : \Everyone needs a Rachel . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Varela " 
is watching Blood for the Gods on Discovery ... and feels like she's still sitting in Mattson's class . ( Why do I always manage to find the religion-related shows , especially when it starts off with Druids ... Is this some sort of sign or something ? ) 
misplaced her cellphone and bought a tripod . D < Let's do this ! 
on zolpidem : The world is floating , opening , blossoming like metallic flowers , fringes finger biting , scratching , scathing oozy goo . Enwrapping like fanged saws as a noose upon the thin air and black pike creating ripples , wriggles , sounds of horror filled delight , the purrs and groans of undreamed creatures lay stalking , curling . 
The people that take the night classes are an ... interesting group of vampi --- people . My anthropologist side is keenly interested in them and I wish to know more about them and their ... habits . 
needs to st < PROPMALE > getting things together for < PROPMALE > and psych ... 8D Who wants to help with a photoshoot ?! ' cause I need .... a lot . 
loves the fact you can't rant coherently in these status messages .... ~_~ -livid . - 
Canada got their gold . Will the newscasters please stop reminding us that prior , they never got home gold . 
is sitting next to Malfoy in the library . ( You have no idea how unsetting it is to sit next to some < PROPFEMALE > white boy with platinum blond hair and is dressed in all black and looks relatively angry at the world ... haaaaalp ! ) 
psychology , you are an absolute monster ; what did I ever see in you ? 
can now wake up to Russia's kolling . 
had the best pre-Birthday dinner ever in the history of birthday dinners .... I COULDN'T FINISH OFF < PROPFEMALE > . DX HE WAS JUST TO BIG AND TOO MUCH FOR ME ! ( lololololol , Hetalia puns ftw , amirite Kagura ? ) 
is now totally owned by < PROPFEMALE > Varela . Yeah . Be jealous . >_> 
is going to stop existing ... any time now . 
is doing a photoshoot today ! --- Damn .... cloudy ... weather . D < Rrrggg ! I will have my cell on me ~ 
' s cat is obviously suffering from dementia ... she is having hallucinations and apparently can no longer see in the dark , or fears the myriad of papers laying around in my closet are death traps . God I love my cat . 
is convinced she broke her toe . 
had been going through her old AX pictures , getting stoked for July , when she came across a picture of Hello < PROPFEMALE > and immediately thought it was Shinatty-chan ... Thank you , Hetalia . 
just challenged someone to a Skizers Duel in Steampunk Nation . Let the drums roll ! 
managed to maintain her 4.0 GPA for a year . 
AHFRVGTBYH -- 15 DAYS UNTIL ANIME EXPO . 
Speech ... I do not relish you . Please go away . 
Eight days until AX ~ 
feels like she's going to explode , from the inside out . 
' s feet still hurt ... BUT HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPMALE > ! DON'T GET TOO DRUNK !... OR SET OFF FIRE WORKS AT 2 IN THE MORNING . 
Making friends and bonding through anime conventions and Hetalia ... that is obviously how the world should work . 
RIP Grandma Westley . 
B| I am not impressed with my inability to turn off writing big long things . If I hit < PROPFEMALE > six with this speech , someone stop me . 
FML . THIS SPEECH IS SEVEN PAGES LONG . 
Opulence . I has it . 
Lake Tahoe was absolutely beautiful ... but the adventures that came with it sucked . B| 
Creative Writing Class : My gut reactions are never wrong . :| 
; Alright , Creative Writing . Let's get one thing straight : I own you . So stop acting all high and mighty . I see you trying to sabotage me and that is sooo not gonna be happening . Your ass is mine . Now if you will excuse me , I have some research to do on LAPD . 
My cat crossed into Uncanny Valley . 
had a fight with the sky tonight ; I really wish I could throw my shoe at M22 . That was not funny sky . That was not funny . 
Dear Flash Fiction , \ 
\ 
I fucking hate you . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Me 
Our new gardener is from Korea . My life is almost complete . 
is pretty sure she just spouted nonsense on her political science test ... it was very good nonsense though ; self-defense has just become a law of nature and everyone does it or will do it . 
had her email hacked . D: 
< PROPFEMALE > ... ; _ ; You have completely restored my faith . -Grovels at the ground- ARIGATO GOZAIMASU !! 
I feel strangely at ease reading up on the process of decomposition for human bodies just so I can write the opening scene for my short story , and then gladly sharing my new found knowledge with everyone . I had no idea a writer had to set aside so much time to do even just a little research . 
ripped her fingernail off .... yes , yes laugh at this irony . We're twins now < PROPFEMALE > Pilloud 
passed her observational midterm with flying colors ! 
You are a serial killer if you commit many murders over a long period of time ; mass murderers commit many murders all at once . Therefore , “mass murder” is a single event at one location involving the murder of four or more people . If you kill three people at once , you’re merely a homicidal jerk . 
reeaaallllyyyy just wants to crawl into a hole and not surface for a few months . And believe me , I am handling this a lot better than I normally would . 
October .... definitely not my month this year . 
has been making monsters and they've been wandering around without leashes . If you find one , please return it here ; I kind of need to keep tabs on them . 
feeling a bit ill and on the blue side . 
feels Grilled Cheese . ( ALSO , HAPPY HETALIA DAY ! ) 
made cake for her mutti's birthday ! <3 
Halloweens ... please start getting better soon ... 
Happy Veterans Day . I miss you grandpa . 
Political sciieeeennnncceeee ..... male dancers or gtfo . 
....... I just want to say one thing . Schulz -- you completely turned me off from writing poetry . I understand that modern poets think rhyming and meters are uncool , but if I'm too worried and focused on making sure I don't do that , I feel like I'm completely missing the point of poetry . So fuck you Schulz , fuck you . I'm going old school . B/ 
11 more pages to go for my Creative Writing portfolio . 
Calling all poets ( or people that are capable of writing poetry for that matter ): If you're willing to help a friend out , I'd reaaally appreciate it if you could point me towards your favorite poet and send me a few samples of your own poetry . I have to go in and talk to some kids in Middle School about poetry and I don't want to bring just mine . 
Oh my god , these finals will be the death of me . If I randomly go into cardiac arrest , just leave me there on the floor . 
I have jury duty this week .... whut . 
Oh ... oh my god ... I did it . I finished disturbance . 18 pages . 18 pages for a complete first rough draft . ; _ ; < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Valdez , you are such a sweetheart for helping me . Thank you . <3 
Haaaaaaaahhh ..... A in Creative Writing . Schultz has been redeemed in my head . ( Now I just need my Astronomy grades . >>;; ) 
And thus , my straight A streak remains unblemished , with a lovely 4.0 . 
I'm extremely upset that I can't spend New Years < PROPFEMALE > with the one person I wanted to spend it with ... 
Had an amazing time at ALA ; I miss my new bffl for serious . D: 
Why do I attract all the creeps ? I feel like I need a bodyguard 24/7 . 
For all you computer whizzes out there : I restored my laptop after the hard drive crashed , after backing it up before the actual crash , and replaced the hard drive , only to discover that half if not most of the content that I had saved did not restore . Help ? 
Shadowfever . You have not disappointed me . At all . Geezus how will I move on now ? D: 
Augh , what is this- idon'teven 
I have finally figured out my minor , and it came to me in a flash , in the middle of Western Civ . Now , I just need to figure out my second < PROPMALE > . 
I am not impressed with the fact that at 10:00 AM , the library is noisy and that a girl next to me is noisily chomping away on cookies or something . This isn't the student center . I wanted a quiet enviroment . Where the hell do I have to go , to get that ? 
The place inside of my head is just looking better every day ... 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! And the moment the topped the night ? Having the Oscars on in the background and when the cake was lit , Happy Birthday was < PROPFIRST > from the television . xD 
I dislike it when my morbid curiosity gets the better of me ; I now want to see both the 1970's production and 2007 remake of Wizards of Gore . Halp . 
MRI's: Scarier in real life . 
-Sigh- Just one disappointment after another . 
Apparently , there is such a thing as Death Historians . I know what I want to do part time now . 
