I decided to finally give in and find out what this Facebook stuff is all about . I was hoping to find old and new friends when I signed up on classmates , but this seems like it will be a lot more fun !!! 

It's raining ... finally . I've been out playing in , walking in the puddles and feeling the mud between my toes ... We have been in a drought for 2+ years . I feel like a kid again , giddy with excitement . Also , my great-nephew is here visiting . We are taking on a walk in the rain when I get off the computer . He loves walking the dogs around our property . Well , I going to where the rain drops keep falling on my head ...... 
I keep trying to figure this Farmville thing out . I think that because I have dial-up rather than high speed there are things I am not able to do . Could be my computer is just too slow or I am just too dense to catch on . Anyone out there that can help me out , I would appreciate it . 
It's about 23 degrees outside tonight , but after such a HOT summer the chill to my bones feels < PROPFEMALE > good . It snowed a little but nothing stuck . It sleeted some , too ... for about 2 minutes and all was done with . That's Texas weather for ya !!! Now I am about to curl up under my heating blanket with my dog and cat and sleep with dreams of new fallen snow sparkling in the sunshine . Goodnight all . 
The weather outside is frightful and being cuddled up under the warm covers inside is so delightful .... It may snow early in the morning . They say that if we don't get any of those < PROPFEMALE > white flakes that we will at least get some chunks of ice by sunrise ... and I left the bookshelf I was painting 
I am looking for new neighbors in farmville . My dial up is so slow I don't get much time to search out new farmers to befriend . If you know someone who would like to be my neighbor , send them my way . This game is so much fun ; I almost wish I lived on my farm ... 
It took me almost a day to do all the work needed on my farm ... This is becoming a 10 work day for me ... lol 
I wanted to work on the farm today , but my sister just told me we had errands to run . Since we have my great-nephew ( 5 years old ) for the week then I know this will be one long day away from home , computer and all the things I really wanted to do . Oh well , I do enjoy spending time with him . He is a super kid . 
I want to wish everyone a super year that is happy , more properous and positive than this past year has been . It is time for these things ....... 
Happy New Year to all my FB friends .... 1-1-11 is the beginning of a new and wonderful year ... 
Our Longhorns are now in CA practicing for the big day on Thursday . Who will be watching ? Will you be for UT or Alabama ? I'd like to see the Horns win , of course , but it is going to be a close game I'm sure .... I'm looking forward to < PROPFIRST > . 7 !! 
mmmm ... the chill in the air made me hungry ... strange ? When I lived in Wisconsin I found people ate more ice cream in the cold winter months more than any other time . When I came back to Texas I was told that people drink hot coffee in the HOT summer months more than other times-curious ! Anyway , I got a cup of coffee and found the rest of my blackberries . I am satisfied now ... love that coffee and those berries . 
It's Fri ., UT lost Championship .. no snow-darn , but lots of cold ... cleaning the house to keep my mind from thinking ' bout wanting to go outside , walk dogs , play in gardeen , etc . At least the house will be clean , laundry started & come Sun . it will be above freezing . 
I read that scientist decided mushrooms are animals . What ?????? If you want to know more message me about it . I'll send you the info . This is strange !!! 
I took some beautiful pictures of 3 different sunsets last week . I haven't gotten to load them yet , but come back to check them out ' cause they prove that Texas Bleeds Orange !! 
I've been reading somethings lately about spiritual healing , something I am really ready for so I seem to think about this aspect of who I am a lot these days . I was thinking today that truth and reality might just be our own perception of things . The truths I know about my reality might not be the same as someone elses truths about theirs . Who is right ? Who is wrong ? Interesting concept to ponder ... 
Where is the sun ?!! We've had a solid week of continuous rain , cloudy skies and cold weather .... eeeeek . I am ready for that sun ! 
All this Chicken Coop Advertising is just a big scam to get you to buy a book and promote it ... I checked it out and it is absolutely no help and no one is receiving another Chicken Coop ... It is a private group trying to use Farmville to make real money off us suckers .... how do we get rid of this invasion to our FB Home < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I just finished making some blueberry , banana , pecan , multigrain muffins .... I made up the recipe and they turned out soooo good . I love it when that happens ... 2 thumbs up and 5 stars !!!!!!!!! 
Well , I am calling it a night , but before I go I want to say , \To the Passmore Family ... my prayers go out to all of you and to precious Aydan ... May God be with you all in this time of stress and May He Bless ya'll with all His wonderous works ... Amen \"" 
What a nice day today was ... the sun was shinning and I was able to wear my shorts outside and plant some of my starter plants for my garden .... peaceful moments !!!!!! 
I just wanted to say thanks to all my friends that have been keeping Aydan in their prayers . He got to go home from the hospital today ... he's hanging in there and fighting ... but please continue to pray for him and his family ... they aren't out of the woods yet . God Bless you all ! 
Snow is on the ground ! All 5 dogs and cat took a walk on the property with me to check it out . None of them liked the paws getting cold from snow .. they kept trying to follow w/out touching the snow but it just wouldn't work .. was funny watching them , but they were determined to go were I went . I had a good time I think they did too , but you know animals .. they would've had a good time just following me around any old time . 
Today is the International Day for the Fight Against Cancer ... in memory of those who lost the battle of cancer , and those who continue fighting . I pray for a cure . 92% of you wont copy&paste this text to their facebook profile status , will you ? I DID , for those i love . Proud to be a part of the 8% ..... In memory of my Dad , Cathy(sister-in-law , Grandma and Grandpa < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > Passmore ( ex brother-in-law ) 
Been sitting here at the computer listening to Eno , relaxing , reading profiles and all that stuff , but I am goin ' to check on my farm and then go finish a letter I started last week , to a friend of mine ... God Bless You All , Today and Always ... Later 
For all my Farmville Friends ... sorry I haven't been able to visit your farms or even do much farming on my farm .... for some reason I have not been able to load my farm for several days ... I can't even get in to report the problems ... hopefully I'll be back at it soon . 
I was able to do some stuff on my farm today ( in Farmville ) I tried visiting neighbors farms to fertilize and so forth , but it only let me do some .... sorry I wasn't able to help out more ... For my Fairyland Friends ... I am having similiar problems ... hopefully I'll be able to visit some gardens tomorrow and spot some neat wildlife ... love that game ! 
New thing on my mind ... I AM FRUSTRATED WITH FARMVILLE ... I really enjoy playing this game , but ZYNGA is hard to get personal tech support from and I feel like I am spin'g wheels now since I'm not able to load most things due to their tech problems ... bummer ... also makes me worry about getting involved and frustrated with other games due to tech issues ... aaaggghhhh ... Is it time to stop playing these silly games ? 
Help ! Does anyone know how to report problems with Farmville ? I finally was able to access my farm , plant some seeds & then discovered the 83,000 coins I had have disappeared . I got a notice that I needed more coins and I checked and there were only 29 of the 83,000 there . I write them down after each session since I have had so many problems .. This is getting ridiculous !!!! I want my coins back !!!!!! With interest !!!!! 
The weather has been so nice these last couple of days ... I have been digging in the garden and getting it ready to plant some yummy veggies and beautiful flowers . 
It's Daughter Week !!! ? If you have one daughter or more , who makes your life interesting and fun , is a blessing to your life and makes life worth living , copy and paste this to your status . ? The world would not be the same without our beautiful girls 
ok .. here we go again ... I have been trying to load Farmville for more than 18 hours now .. I was able to harvest and plow but that is all .. most of my farm didn't even load .. This is Frustration Day .. If you can , help me out .. fertilize my fields .. send gifts(I lost about 15 that had been sent to me .. they disappeared in transition to the gift box)or anything .. love my farm , but hate these problems ... Ok Neighbors , You There ? 
This is from Snopes.com CBS just reported a new facebook virus that comes in the form of an e-mail from facebook with an attachment asking you to change your password . Once the password is changed , the computer has a virus in which all personal info can be accessed . Guys pass this along please . a few seconds ago . 
It's now been 29 hours since I was last able to access my . I have tried every 10 minutes and still no luck ... sigh . So , I am off to bed . Tomorrow will be a fun filled day entertaining a bright , very active 5 year old great-nephew . He has all kinds of plans for the day so I guess Farmville will have to wait another day before i try again ... maybe then I'll have better luck . 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence .... Austin , TX 
For you were called to freedom , brothers and sisters ; only do not use your freedom as an opportunity for self-indulgence , but through love become slaves to one another . For the whole law is summed up in a single commandment , \You shall love your neighbor as yourself . \"- Galatians 5:13 -14 " 
I have to try this ... sending it on it's way to all my FB friends because it was a message I recieved from Fairyland posts .. 
Well , my FB friends ... I have to go to bed ... I am so tired ... haven't been able to sleep tonight ... coughing and stuff and now I see I will only have to be up again in 45 minutes ... is it worth it ? 
Over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in California . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your facebook status . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our lives ! In the comments name a teacher who has impacted you ! 
Thinking abouy my daughter , granddaughter and < PROPMALE>'s birthday .... love that little family ... Chris , thanks for putting a big , giant smile on my face when you called ... I love hearing your voice and excitement about what your day has been like .... Give < PROPMALE > a birthday hug from Debby-Mom and have fun tomorrow ..... 
Was thinking about the weatherman predicting rain again tomorrow . At least today was nice ... I gardened , took a walk around on the property to see what kind of life Spring is bringing this year ... I found some watermelon plants that my Dad planted years ago ... ( see comment below ) 
Yep , rain tomorrow ... that brought to mind something I read ... \Do Frogs Really Rain From the Skies ? \"" 
Been sick ... went to ER yesterday and found I have Bronchial pneumonia ... I haven't been this sick in years ..... I am miserable and probably won't be online much to chat , read statuses or even play my games .... sorry FB friends . I hope to be back and rarin ' to go before too long . 
Just a comment .... special needs children are merely looking for acceptance , not pity or even a cure for what makes them special ... they just need you to open your heart to accepting them into your world as real people . 
I hate it when close friends say things that hurt your feelings , eventhough they didn't mean to . It hurts and takes so long to just let it go and forget about it ... sigh 
Today is suppose to be < PROPFEMALE > and warm .... can't wait to get breakfast , dressed and out the door to play in my garden . 
Anybody else having trouble loading Farmville ... I found out that it isn't my computer but the game that has been having all these issues . My computer was fixed , and everything works great on it except Farmville . I kept refreshing the game over and over for about 12 hours and it never loaded more than my plots .. nothing would open and I lost all my gifts . Just curious how many others of you have similiar problems ? 
Happy Easter to All .... Yes , He is Risen . Amen . 
Anybody got tips on how to get st < PROPMALE > ed with PhotoShop .... I finally got a copy , but wasn't able to get the book yet .... am anxious to work on some photos and see what < PROPMALE > I can create .... Also , since I can't move around much , talk or do many activities with the pneaumonia I thought it would be entertaining to play with photoshop some each day . 
< PROPFEMALE > Gilkyson please put this one on your calendar in austin : I will be performing at the grand opening of our new progressive community center at 5604 Manor on May 6 . Come see what we're up to over there . 
Over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA & 17,000 in IL , NJ , & FL are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers , copy & paste this to your status 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer .? Dad , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , Grandma , < PROPFEMALE > Tingle , < PROPFIRST > Menking ( daughter's namesake ) 
( Hope ) A good character is the best tombstone . Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered . Carve your name on hearts , not on marble . ” < PROPFIRST > H . Spurgeon 
IF ANY ONE HAS LOST A MOM IN THE LAST FEW YEARS AND IS MISSING HER VERY MUCH TODAY .... IN THE WORDS OF MY TWIN BROTHER \SHE IS WATCHING OVER US AND IS IN A BETTER PLACE ... GO TO YOUR HEART AND YOU WILL FIND HER RIGHT THERE ... WITH ALL HER LOVE TO GIVE ON THIS DAY . \ " I LOVE YOU MOM FOREVER !!! " 
My daughter is Now an official High School Chemistry Teacher ..... Wow .... she has made me proud !!!! Love You , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Freedom !! We must never give anyone the right to take it away from us . It is a treasure more vauluable than any other . 
Why do we need affirmation from others so desperately that we frantically try to satisfy the criteria people require of us in order to get that affirmation satifaction ? 
Texas and Nebraska today .... Go Longhorns !!!!!!!!!! 
Longhorns Won !!!!!!!!!!!! I knew they would !!! 
Bullying is not a harmless prank ... it causes children to hate themselves , have low self esteem and many times to kill themselves . Too many children are harmed because an adult won't take the time or make the effort to step in . Will you have the courage to stand up for kids who can't protect themselves by posting this to your profile ? I just did . 
Does anyone know where < PROPMALE > White stands on where he is going to live when and if he is elected Governor ? I haven't heard any info on this issue and it is a big one . I don't think it is right that the Governor lives in a place that costs the tax payers $9000 a month . That money can be spent on Causes that can improve the lives of many Texans , not just one Millionaire(or other wealthy Politicians ! ) ! 
How can people vote early ? I don't want to vote until I understand who promises what and who seems more corrupt ... I am so tired of the lies and corruption in our Government . Unfortunately , we can never know what a Politician is really going to do until after they've done it . I just hope some of them will stand up and start being honest for a change . 
Taking my great-nephew to Elgins Big Hogeye festival .... rides , games and music ... lots of fun ! 
Tomorrow I am suppose to get that high speed for my computer ... right ... I'll believe it when it happens . 
I am lost for words , the coyotes are yelpping and I wonder when I will finally open the door that blocks all your smiles .... 
Going to bed ... goodnight all ! 
Coyotes ate my dog , < PROPMALE > last night . They ventured up right next to the house and all the dogs went out to < PROPMALE > them away , but one caught my little < PROPMALE > . They didn't even leave part of his body for me to bury . I am devestated ... he has been by my side through all the rough times for at least 7 years . What will I do without him ? What ? I miss him him , but words just can't express what I feel . I am lost . 
Woke up after a very restless sleep , and I going to go out and hunt around on the property some more to see if I can find any remains of my sweet little < PROPMALE > . I don't have much hope .... 10 acres is a lot to walk around on .... sigh ... I Love My Little < PROPMALE > . 
I had a great Thanksgiving Dinner with my brother , sister-in-law and sister ! < PROPMALE > is for sure gone ... wish I knew how to rid the property of coyotes ! But , my family bought me a new mini ., long-haired dachshound ... 7 weeks old . I named him < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Tingle . What a wonderful Thanksgiving Gift to have received ! < PROPMALE > will never be replaced and will always have that special spot in my heart , but life does go on .... RIP < PROPMALE > !! 
Off to bed I go with my new 7-week old Dachshound , < PROPMALE > . Tomorrow will be a big day because we are doing another Thanksgiving Feast with my great-nephew and a few close friends . I think I will spend most of the day playing with him and the new firetruck I got hime for his birthday a few weeks ago . I love having the < PROPMALE > to relive some childhood fun with him !! 
Couldn't sleep ... been up all night so , I learned how to upload photos from my new camera to my FB < PROPFEMALE > . My new profile pic is of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Tingle ( 7 weeks old ) ... my new baby ! Thanks to my sister and < PROPMALE > ! 
Having surgery on Friday so today will be busy with preparing for that and getting things changed around the house to accommodate not having the use of my right hand for 6 weeks . 
Had my surgery on Friday . It was outpatient surgery , but I ended up in the hospital for 2 1/2 days . I'm home now but can't use my right hand for anything and I feel so drugged I can't think clearly ... uuugh !!! It may be awhile before I get back on computer since I can't use my hand . Love all my friends and am wishing you all a Jolly Christmas Season !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my Friends . Have a wonderful Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and a Very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Morning !!!! 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES ... < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO all 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my Friends . Have a wonderful Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and a Very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Morning !!!! 
May the awesome wonder and joy of this Christmas Season fill your hearts with love and peace on this beautiful Christmas Morning !!!!!!! Love to All .... 
Don't have much to say ... I just came in from harassing the coyotes and now I am hungry for lunch .... I have some ham left over from dinner the other night so I guess I'll make a ham and cheese sandwich ( wish I had swiss cheese rather than colby ... oh well ) ... Maybe I'll come up with something profound to say next time ... lol 
Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
Where does life go from here ? 
BREAKING NEWS : Practice at the Jets Stadium was delayed 2 hours yesterday after a player found a white powdery substance on the ground . Police and Homeland Security investigated . Experts determined that the white substance , unfamiliar to most of the players , was in fact the goal line . Practice will resume since the team was unlikely to encounter the substance again . 
This year we will experience 4 unusual dates .... 1/1/11 , 1/11/11 , 11/1/11 , 11/11/11 ......... NOW go figure this out .... take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year and it WILL EQUAL .... 111 ! It really works ! \ 
Borrowed from friend's < PROPFEMALE > , because I like this kind of stuff ... 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours 
*•¸¸¸.•* ¨*• ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? \ 
Put this on your status if you have the most Beautiful Daughter in the world\ 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? \ 
¨ *•¸¸¸.•* ¨*• ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
The Texas Legislature has proposed a 10 percent cut to long-term care providers , a move which would have costly consequences for older Texans . \ 
\ 
\ 
Legislators need to hear your concerns about these cuts to long-term care funding . Ask them to take a stand to protect our most vulnerable older Texans . Dial 1-888-633-3650 to be connected . 
Dogs woke me up about 3 in the morning barking ... checked it out only to find they were barking at the snow .... by the time the sun was up we had about 1 1/2 to 2 inches and it was 21 degrees outside . Water pipes were frozen due to rolling blackout 2 days ago so I hope we don't have any busted ones when everything thaws tomorrow ! 
About a year ago , before I got my computer fixed and updated I would talk to my sister about how I could not understand how or why anyone could possibly sit at a computer all day long without going totally bonkers ... well , that was about a year ago ... lol 
Happy Valentines Day to all and enjoy it with smiles and love in your hearts ! 
Anyone interested in seeing a demo of turning Llama wool into usable fiber and other spinning and weaving demos look up the Elgin website to get info . It will be going on this next weekend , Feb . 19 at 10am . They are going to have 2 miniature Llamas .. should be interesting event . 
I'm feeling pretty down and out this evening . I took one of my Border Collies to the vet yesterday . She seemed pretty happy and not feeling too bad , but I knew something was wrong ... she has heart worms and since she is 18 years old they wouldn't treat her . 
Changed my profile picture today in Fun and Wonderful Memories of my McGaw , < PROPMALE > and my sweet , loyal dachshound , < PROPMALE > .... 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A MY DECISION . I WANT YOU HERE . I AM NOT ONLY THRILLED TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LET'S SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE ... WHO REALLY ... DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE ~?~ .. 
Just wanted to say thanks to all my friends that responded to my earlier post ... the one that started out : \Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you .... \ " I love my FB friends ! " 
It's not sooo good when you wake up , go to let dogs outside and find a skunk on your front porch ..... there seem to be way too many of these critters venturing out this year .... yikes ! 
I just transplanted some tomato plants yesterday afternoon and it froze last night .... it was probably only 31 or so but I lost about 4 plants . So , today I spent time planting more from seed and put them in my little greenhouse I got for Christmas . Hopefully I'll be able to replace the frozen ones . I also planted radishes , okra and banana peppers .... yum ! Love fresh veggies from my garden ! 
Muddling the Mixture : New Leaves at the Green Grocers \ 
muddlingthemixture.blogspot.com\ 
Using this list and even including some splurges for my daughter's birthday , I got away with a full pantry and a month or more worth of potential meals for less than $150 ! Not exactly your grandmother's budget , but not bad at all by today's standards ... \ 
4 hours ago ·UnlikeLike · · Share . 
Happy Spring !!! :) 
NARAL Pro-Choice America\ 
omg ... will they ever stop ? \ 
Blog for Choice | Anti-Choice < PROPMALE > Subjects Rape Survivors to IRS Audits \ 
bit.ly\ 
The anti-choice leadership of the U.S. House of Representatives is waging a War on Women , and the attacks keep getting more extreme . \ 
. 
?????????????? ????? ?????????????? \ 
If you have a gorgeous daughter , put this as your status\ 
?????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
I'm going camping by the Colorado River tomorrow . I am so excited ... haven't done that in so long .... then Sat . I'm a goin ' paddlin down the river .... relaxing times for this weekend ! 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ...... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the FOURTH letter of YOUR LAST name .... It can only be 1 word ...... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ...... Don't just post a word & not copy/ paste ....... That's no fun 
