Happy New Year friends !!!!!! I am SO excited to see what the Lord brings this year - including our new family member ! May God pour out over you revelation of Him , blessings of His grace , and a hunger for His presence like never before . 

is in love with God . 
is longing for the < PROPFEMALE > of the Lord , cuz I know there's SO much more !! 
just wants to see God . 
is done with distractions . 
WAIT for the Lord and keep his way .... \ Psalm 37:34 " 
' s favorite sound in the world is her heavenly Fathers voice . It's amazing !! Have you heard it ? 
This is the day that the Lord has made ! Let us rejoice and be glad in it ! 
is looking forward to discussing How People Grow tonight 
Anyone know a good company to cut down and dispose of a big tree with dutch elm disease ? We've got two weeks . Let me know ! 
is starting to see the world through God covered lenses . Wow ! 
is finding the joy of the Lord ! 
thinks that being without a computer is ok sometimes . One less distraction ... 
is happy to just be lovin on God . 
is back online 
thinks that God is amazing ! 
While God sometimes uses us for our abilities , He often uses us in spite of them . 
is feeling loved ! 
is celebrating 26 years of life today ....... AND ....... being 9 weeks pregnant ! Yes , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are finally having a baby . =) You can look for the cutie towards the end of March ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes and baby congrats !!! I love you all and am blessed to have so many great people in my life !!! Side note : if you're not doing anything today and to want to hear some great music come head out to Rock The River today at < PROPFEMALE > Island ! It's gonna be jamin .... 
is blessed to have a family that loves me , a body of Christ to grow with and encourage me , a husband who cares so deeply for me , a baby who was entrusted to me , and a God who gave everything to know me . I could lose all the things in the world and would still be wealthy beyond measure ! 
is goin on a hot date with her hubby . Mexican here we come ! 
will be landing in Cali in 4 days and 22 hours . Woohoo !! Just a little bit excited ... 
wants to start believing with more expectancy ! God can do ALL things !!!! 
loves the people in her life . 
is back from Cali and is thinking the Lord is AWESOME !!! 
is excited to see what this new movement of God is really going to look like ! Watch out everyone ! It's on the horizon . 
wants to know the Shepherds voice . 
I throw my life upon all that You are ... cuz I know You gave it all for me ... 
likes praying for Substance . 
is a Kingdom < PROPMALE > . 
is happy . 
\Rejoice in the Lord always . I will say it again : Rejoice ! \ " ( < PROPMALE > 4:4 ) Woohoo ! I will rejoice because the Lord is good !! His mercies endure forever and His LOVE swallows us up whole ! " 
thinks mystery baby must be going through a growth spurt . All of a sudden I want seconds at every meal ( NOT normal lately ) and my pants are not quite as comfortable as they were . Hmm .... might be time to start checking out good deals on maternity clothes ? 
Praise the Lord , oh my soul ! Praise the Lord ! 
October showers bring November ....?? Snow storms ? 
is in love with everyone . 
is humbled and honored that the Lord would choose me to dwell with Him . 
is excited to have a chill night at home with her hubby ! 
and baby are 18 weeks along today . Woohoo !! 5.5 inches , 7 oz . Yeah baby ! 
loves being pregnant . Especially when I get to hear that little baby heartbeat !!! Oh , and he/she's quite the mover in there ! Must still be jumping around from worship last night ... 
has been without her phone since Fri and it's been really nice !! No texts ... no knowing what time it is ... very freeing ... 
deeply desires to become poorer in spirit and richer in His < PROPFEMALE > !! 
wants two things ... to see Jesus ' face , and to see everything through His eyes . 
Lord you are good and Your mercies endure forever !!!!!!!!!!! 
“Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth , where moth and rust destroy , and where thieves break in and steal . But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven , where moth and rust do not destroy , and where thieves do not break in and steal . For where your treasure is , there your heart will be also . \ - < PROPFIRST > 6:19 -21 " 
needs to give ALL of herself to Jesus . Not just what's comfortable or what makes sense . Everything . All of what I have , all of my desires , thoughts and dreams , all of my worries , all of time , all of my relationships , everything I hold dear , and all of what I am . I don't want to hold onto anything . Jesus take it all ! I want to be utterly dependant on You and You alone . 
is gonna go for a walk and enjoy this weather !! 
I'm alive to bring You worship , God !! 
wants to be so consumed by the FIRE of the Lord that nothing of my flesh remains . \For our God is a consuming fire . \ " ( Hebrews 12:29 ) " 
needs Jesus . 
wants to be a consumer only of the Word and not of this world . 
is so happy to have a clear sewer line again ! Nothing makes you more thankful for showers and flushable toilets than not having them for a while !!! 
This is the day that the Lord has made . Let us rejoice and be glad in it !!! Psalm 118:24 
The Lord our God is a jealous God . He desires all our attention , affection , and devotion . He desires our ALL ! 
loves Jesus to the fullest capacity ! But there's always room for more ... so bring it on , Lord ! Let me be full of You and You alone . 
is thankful that : God is God , that He sent Jesus to save me , that I can be deeply in love with the creator of the universe , that He has blessed me with amazing family and friends to live life and grow with , for the strong little man growing inside of me ( 23 weeks today ! ) , and for an amazing husband who loves me unconditionally . God is so incredible !! Thank you , Lord !! 
is amazed that GOD - Creator of the universe , Majesty over all , Lord of everything - is the one who patiently waits for US to spend time with Him ! Wow . Wouldn't you think it should be the other way around ?? 
\His divine power has given us everything we need for life and godliness through our knowledge of Him who called us by His own < PROPFEMALE > and goodness . \ " 2 < PROPFIRST > 1:3 " 
I am not afraid of the Lord , but I will fear Him . And I do not have to live in fear of the enemy , because I fear the Lord . How sweet it is to live under your wing , God !! 
is ready to be taken over by God again !! Let me step out of the way ... 
is making a shopping list for soup recipes and watching a weird ' < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ' movie with < PROPFIRST > . Aww ... Saturdays .... love it ! 
just made ( a HUGE batch of ) Roasted Root Vegetable soup . It's very .... interesting ! Includes a few things I've never actually cooked with before - rutabaga , leeks , parsnip - and it was quite the process to make . I wish there wasn't so much trail and error to cooking , but I guess practice makes perfect , right ?? Or maybe at least better . =) 
is loving the Lord and His faithfulness !!!!!!! 
has a bazillion things I want to get done around the house today ... in addition to spending time with Brian ... and figuring out remaining Christmas presents . And in the midst of all this , it's so amazing to know that I can BE STILL - because HE is God . The only thing that matters for me to get ' done ' is spending time with Him and doing my best at the rest around that . Wow ! Life in the Father is so good !! =) 
is longing for the < PROPFEMALE > of the LORD cause I know there's so much more !!!!!!!!! 
is believing and agreeing with the Lord for safety over ALL drivers over these next couple Christmas days . Wakey wakey angels !! 
< PROPFEMALE > to God for HE alone is worthy of all our praise !!!!! 
is ready . 
really can't remember what it's like to walk outside in just a tee shirt and actually be warm . What is that like ? And why is it that once I'm in my car , as long as my gloves or mittens are still on , my fingers just keep getting colder ?! They don't even start to warm up until I take my hand wear off . Weird . 
\Acknowledge and take to heart this day that the LORD IS GOD in heaven above and on the earth below . There is no other . \ " - Deuteronomy 4:39 " 
Wow , Lord , you are so amazing !!! There's nothing I want more in life than You . That's it . Take me deeper ... 
serves a very very awesome God . He could be no better ! What a joy it is to give Him everything and get to live in His perfect plans for my life ! 
Happy 7 year anniversary , < PROPFIRST > !!! I am so proud of you . God is doing such a great work in both of us - He is truly faithful ! I cannot wait to see where He is going to take us in this next year and can think of no one else I'd want to go there with . It is an honor to live this life out for the Lord as your wife , helper , and friend . I love you , babe . 
brokenness . 
Jesus blood never fails me . 
is leaving bright and early for a LLOONNGG drive to College Station , < PROPFEMALE > with an overnight stop on Goshen , IN . Whoop whoop ! The best part is that I get to spend all that time with my hubby . =) What can I say ... I just love the guy ! 
is home !!! Thank you Jesus for keeping me . 
So ... what do you do when you've still got 6ish weeks left to go and all your nice \long\ " maternity shirts are getting too short ? I don't want to be showing any skin here ! They should come with velcro extenders or something ... I dunno ... " 
I'm in love with a < PROPMALE > ! And no , not the Burger < PROPMALE > . 
loves days like this when I can actually get stuff done !! Thank you Presidents Day ! 
Wow I love the sunshine ! It's amazing how much more awake I feel on days like this !!! Spring , you are welcome to come anytime . 
Man ... it's so awesome to be able to put my hope and trust in the God who holds our whole world in His hands !! 
Bless the Lord , oh my soul ! 
loves to love . 
is gonna go soak up some of this hot ... ( ok warmish ) ... Minnesota sun ! =) 
is seeking ... finding ... knowing ... and loving . 
is wondering when ... 
He's here !!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dimitroff was born at 3:02 on Saturday morning . He weighed 8lbs 7oz and was 22 inches long . Welcome to the family < PROPFIRST > ! We already love you so much !! <3 
is in love with the two men in her life . 
FINALLY put up baby pics !! I know .... that took me way too long . What can I say - I'd rather sit around and stare at how cute he is than play on facebook . =) 
is about to go play in the sun ! 
sleeping baby on chest ... listening to the rain fall ... drifting in and out of sleep . And I think to myself , what a beautiful world . 
God is good . 
is wondering what she's eating that's causing a < PROPFEMALE > upset tummy .... =( 
loves sleep . Mmmm ... 
has had a very busy week . I lost my grandma last Sat & little nephew < PROPMALE > on Thur , went to a funeral on Friday , and got to stand in an amazing wedding yesterday ... all while getting 1-3 hours of sleep at a time and taking care of a 3 week old . Thank the Lord He gives us everything we need !!! 
\In Your unfailing love you will lead the people you have redeemed . In Your strength you will guide them to Your holy dwelling . \ " ( Exodus 15:13 ) " 
loved listening to the thunderstorm and rain last night ! 
Dr. appt today : < PROPFIRST > weighed in at 11lb 11oz ( up over 3lbs since birth ! ) Must be all the good food I've been makin =) Way to go champ ! 
Dear soy and dairy : you offend my baby and therefore you offend me . I will be ignoring your tasty looking temptations for a while . Let's see how you like that ! 
has a 1 month old today . Wow !! Love you little < PROPMALE > . =) 
can do ALL things through Christ ! 
The secret [ of the sweet , satisfying companionship ] of the Lord have they who fear ( revere and worship ) Him , and He will show them His covenant and reveal to them its [ deep , inner ] meaning . Psalm 25:14 AMP 
Awake , O Zion , AWAKE ! Wake up church !!!!!!!!!!! 
why would someone NOT choose life with God ?? He made it as EASY as possible to have eternal life with Him , which is His GREATEST < PROPFEMALE > !! We are created to love God and be loved by God . He has given us unlimited d o-o vers since Jesus has died for all past sins and all sins yet to be done . With God life is more amazing , fufulling , peaceful , joyful , secure , exciting , and full of LOVE than our minds can even comprehend !! 
is becoming a home body . For now . 
is entering into the cloth diaper world ! 
is mad that facebook just changed around all the stuff I had written in my Likes and Interests ! Grr . 
God is GOOD and He loves you SSSSOOOOOOOOO much !!!!!!!! 
has been having some seriously weird dreams 
7 weeks old ... 15 pounds , 2 ounces of happy smiley lovin ! =) 
\The Lord is my strength and my song ; He has become my salvation . Shouts of joy and victory resound in the tents of the righteous : \ " The Lord's right hand has done mighty things ! \ " - Psalm 118:14 -15 " 
loves Jesus ! 
cannot love God enough . Or be loved by God enough . Or just get enough of God !! 
has been struck with the revelation that everything good comes from God . Everything ! Not one good thing does not originate with Him . Aaaaaaahhhhhh ... to be loved by the < PROPMALE > ! 
My 9 week old son weighs 17lbs 5 oz . Did he miss the part where he's supposed to stay a < PROPFEMALE > baby for at least a bit longer ?? That's alright . I love you to pieces , < PROPFIRST > ! You're my perfect smiley little man and I wouldn't want you any other way . 
has a wonderful husband ! 
is unbelievably thankful that God would choose me . 
Sin corrupts people into what they're not . God redeems people back to who they are . Thank you Lord !!! He is so good . 
is ready to be broken . 
I love the Holy Spirit . 
\Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see . \ " - Hewbrews 11:1 " 
is very proud of her baby boy who just rolled over for the first time . Good job , < PROPFIRST > ! 
I just got done watching Food Inc . Wow . I don't get into politics too much , but seriously ! When did money start becoming more important than the well being of human life and morality ? Yuck . 
FINALLY added pics of J over the last two months ! That's right ... he really is not 2 months old anymore . As of this upcoming Sunday he won't even be 4 months anymore . How did this happen ??? I blink and I have a 5 month old ? I knew it would happen , but goodness . 
Happy Birthday to my WONDERFUL , LOVING , STRONG man of God , and AMAZING husband < PROPFIRST > Dimitroff !!! 
is in de-clutter mode . 
\He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will rest in the shadow of the Almighty . \ " Psalm 91:1 " 
has a stuffed up , runny nosed , coughing , sad , very clingy little baby right now . I don't like it . Cold cold go away ! 
is sticking to healthy food again today . 
For the first time in Joshuas 5 month life he has NOT gained the 8-18 ounces this week like he has every other week of his life . Not even close . Because of being sick and not eating like his normal self he actually lost 7 ounces since last Saturday . I miss my little hungry man ! 
Jesus is my super hero . 
is getting ready to head out on a 12 hour drive to Michigan for my dads wedding . I'm really excited to spend the next 4 days with my grandparents , dad & new wife , brother , sister , sisters boyfriend , niece , husband and son . Woohoo ! 
is making breakfast for my mama . Whole wheat belgian waffles with cinnamon applesauce . Mmm .... 
loves her baby boy . 
Where are you in relation to God ? 
God is not interested in prisoners . Just willing participants in a love relationship . 
cannot get enough to eat . What is going on ?? 
is happy to be living in the Kingdom of the Most High ! God rocks my world . 
had two rockin days at two different zoos with my little man , Bekah and < PROPFEMALE > . Gotta soak up the sun while the gettin's good ! 
played outside with the kids in the snow . < PROPFIRST > just grunted at it . < PROPFEMALE > could stay outside all day . This is crazy !! 
I already miss my sister Bekah Miller and < PROPFEMALE > . It's not going to be the same without them ! 
A church building and the church body are two different things , and often do not exist together . 
Crawling last week ... pulling himself up this week ... I can't keep up with this kid ! 
did NOT stand outside last night waiting in line and did NOT join the crazy crowds getting good deals today . I stayed home ... warm and cozy , and enjoyed being with my family . And it felt good . 
Painting frenzy goin on at the Dimitroff house ! Cowboy Boots brown in < PROPFIRST>'s new bedroom and < PROPFEMALE > blue in the front porch . Mmm I love fresh paint ... 
I am so excited to visit my sister next month !! 18 days ... 
I am not a fan of the new profile format . I will not conform ! Haha ...... 
Tried Jicama for the first time . Survey says - it's delicious ! 
is preparing to take flight . 
is currently 30 degrees warmer . It makes a difference ! 
Is getting ready to head back from CHS to MSP . 
< PROPFEMALE > airport is closed ... extra free night in SC ! Woohoo ! 
Happy Anniversary to the love of my life < PROPFIRST > Dimitroff !!! 8 years and 1 baby later , it just keeps getting better . =) 
-13 degrees is just not ok with me . 
I am not forgotten ... never forsaken ... 
God says , \You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart . \ " ( < PROPMALE > 29:13 ) I want to find SO much more of God ! " 
Dear rotavirus : you suck . And devil : you are a liar ! 
You know you've been cooped up in the house too long when going to Walmart is an occassion to get dressed up for . 
I not only want to believe in the doctrine of God's Kingdom but also in its power . And see it ... and experience it ... and reveal it ... and hear it ... and taste it ... come on ! 
Does anyone have a chiropractor that they love ? I'm in search of one that actually helps my back feel better ... 
Have you ever noticed the secret doors inside the Hennepin Ave . tunnel ? I really want to see what's inside ... 
I just heated up some black beans in the microwave . 4 seconds in there were sparks flying and it sounded like a fireworks show . I stopped it at 8 seconds ... smoke was coming up from the beans , there were black burn marks , and they smelled like an ash tray . Feed these to my baby ? I don't think so . 
