Is scared , pissed , and worried ... no idea what to do :( 

If anyone needs their nails , feet or a wax Number 1 nails on Jubal Early is doing a promo for 20% off . They do a great job ! ! ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s a b***h ! ! ! ! 
sitting here sulking , but excited for Mon . 
had one of the best days yesterday :) now bak 2 reality . 
just waitin to see who is real and who is fake ! ! ! ! The truth always comes out !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is psyched ! ! ! ! 
I passed ! ! ! ! 
doing the same as always .... js 
just hangin out waiting for some good times to follow in the coming 2 weeks !!! 
TOILET BABIES ! ! ! ! ! Oh shit ... 
If it's not one thing it's another ... 
It is what it is ... 
just got home from spending a great day with my mommy , bubba and his lil luv bird . LOL :) 
Is it me or is < PROPMALE > becoming a little cocky , and the girls a little psycho ?? 
just hanging out like always 
gettin a good night sleep and than out to play in the snow with my lil san 2moro ! ! ! TIme for sum snow angels 
Psyched , my girl and I are going to go work out 2moro .... hope I am still alive afterwards . 
had an awesome week hanging out with Tate and Katee . Want to go back 
SSSOOO sick , i hate this feeling 
all better now time to get back to the gym :) :( 
sitting outside , playing on the comp enjoying the weather ... what a life 
Just got home from seeing Avatar in 3D with the girls ..... AWESOME 
just hanging out job searching as usual ... blahh 
Every1 keep ur fingers crossed for me , I had an interview FINALLY ! ! ! 
sitting here thinking about life and everything that it brings ... 
on my way to Reston to find my bridesmaids dress and to just escape for a week or so ..... 
well getting ready to head back home :( 
went to the parade ( swore I wouldn't but I did ) , now at home hanging on the couch watching my burn develop 
Waitin 4 morn to cum so I can go swimming 
I swear the world is against me getting a job !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Being a nurse means : you have immense responsibility & very little authority . You step into peoples lives and make a difference . Some bless you and others curse you . You seepeopleat their worst and their best . You see life begin and end . You see peoples capacity for love , courage and endurance . This is Nurses ' Appreciation Week ! Repost if you are a nurse , love a nurse and/or appreciate a nurse ! 
Have you ever had something to tell someone , but couldn't because you were too scared to get hurt , or destroy what is ... 
Why all the drama , is it really necessary ??? I can't wait to move where no1 knows me 
Happy I am in a good place in life right now :) 
it is so nap time 
Just hangin out round the house . Getting ready for 2moro and the rest of the week ... 
fingers and toes are crossed 
just sitting here hanging with my bubba , lil kt and the weenie ... lol 
I am one happy lucky girl :) 
Dag namit , will I ever get over this cough ! ! ! 
has to get back to the gym n the morn ... but still feel like pooh :( 
just hanging out , thinkin bout stuff ... 
just chillin 
sittin here , thinking 
watching the weirdest movie ... 
cha-laxin with the wiener dog :} 
??? :'( 
To get through it , you have to go through it . 
just hanging out waiting for my babysitter to come stay with me .... LMAO ! ! ! ! 
Think i'm gonna head to the wellness center for a good swim . :} 
went for a nice swim . Nothing is more relaxing :) 
DAMN DOG ! ! ! I just put brand new sheets on my bed , turned around and she pissed on them , I could grill her some times I swear ( but she is so cute ) ... 
Just hanging out sittin here like always 
Just got home had a blast @ the < PROPMALE > petty concert w/ 3 of my girls . :) 
Why do we turn down the radio in the car when we think we smell something ? Yep ... you know you're so laughing right now because you've done it too !!! 
I have to say < PROPFEMALE > White is my hero and I hope to be just like her . Now off to the zoo ... yeah :p 
I'm stronger because of my hard times , I'm wiser because of my mistakes , I'm happier because of my sad times , and I'm smarter because of my moments of confusion 
RIP aunty < PROPFEMALE > , you will be missed 9/8/2010 
Still searching for the all mighty job .... ahhhhhh !!!!!!!!! 
people take responsibility for your own actions and stop blaming others for own self righteousness and remove yourself from that pedestal you put yourself on ! 
psyched get to go stay with my lil man for a few days while his daddy works , but feel terrible because leavin the madre and wiener all by their lonesomes :'( 
back hanging out at home and job searching 
hey girly hope all is going well for you 
ready to be a bridesmaid ! ! ! ! for my bubba and soon to be s.i.l :) <3 
back to reality .... :'( 
Is thankful for having such a wonderful family that sticks together no matter what , and for my select group of people who I can truly call friends . I love you guys 
can't wait for wed ! ! ! ! 
just sitting here contemplating life ... 
Just wanted to wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > x-mas and happy new year ! ! ! ! Be careful and safe 
so new year , hopefully that means better luck and new adventures ! ! ! 
so with the exception of all cutting my finger this morning , I have had a good day . Made a great homemade hearty tomato soup ... yummy 
sitting with the doxie watching the tube . 
what would you do if you knew you could not fail ????? 
Anyone know a snow dance ???? 
ready to spend the week with my bubba and sil . 
so in case i'm not on here again before valentines day . Hope everyone gets to9 spend it with their loved ones and always remember to tell them how much they mean to you . 
everyone ready for this storm ??? I AM 
Thank god no groundhog shadow was seen . Come on spring I am ready ! ! 
Thanx for the birthday wishes , hope all of u have a good weekend !!! 
getting ready to go to the melting pot ... UUUUUMMMM ( the fondue one , not pizza place ) 
so did any1 else think that the half time show sounded like complete CRAP ? ? ! ! 
feels trapped like a little kid :'( 
things are starting to look up ! ! ! ! 
So I am getting ready to eat some Balut . If you don't know what it is look it up ! ! ! ! LOL try not to get sick though :) 
Getting ready to go play with all the lil kiddies ! ! ! 
Doing some early facebook spring cleaning .... LOL sorry no offense to anyone , well ... 
... 
YEAH for < PROPFEMALE > ! ! ! ! ! 
Just sitting here day dreaming of what the perfect life would be .... ha , not possible 
You need to know who u r and what ur place is and they need to also ... but u deserve to be loved the way u love back . Never settle 4 less . 
