haha . my mom might make me go next semester :( 

I just got bored a took a bunch of quizzes . That was fun . 
says nothing is on his mind right now 
says , SHAM-wow im bored 
says he is leaving for paintball camp tomarrow and will be gone for a week . Sry if i dont respond to anyone till next friday or saturday . 
My Dad Got Grandstand Tickets To PSP ( chicago open ) Tomarrow . ( big paintball tourny for ppl who dont know ) 
got a new paintball mask ( carbon fiber ) and new speed feed at PSP . 
get to go to < PROPMALE > ppl bowling today for my cousins graduation !!! 
I hate summer school . but my teacher is really funny . guess thats good 
I finally got a new phone after two years . yes !! 
green day monday , my 1st real concert 
No more summer school ! 
< PROPMALE > gave me three bucks to snap my board , worth it . 
boredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredbored 
I hate contacts ... 
1 ) pln/solid geometry - Higgins 2 ) PE 1 - Hinojosa 3 ) study hall - kovack 4 ) english - tileston 5 ) lunch 6 ) biology - Dau 7 ) spanish 2 - Henderson 8 ) electronic tech - Karasch 
just gots me some new kicks ! 
my facebook is moving really slow . 
my sisters stupid cat keeps jumping on me . 
going to dannys concert later . 
should probobly read his book for school ... 
goin ' to the game soon 
Really tired from cross country , ran to street fest and back , then a mile of 200's 
wants to go to bed ... 
it sucks being sick ! 
YES !!!! just totally dominated at the meet , got 165 out of 249 , great bus ride home ... 
Why did today seem so long even though it was a half day ? 
is really tired , but good meet guys , kinda sucks they messed up the times ... =/ 
Planet Eclipse Ego 10 just came out !!!!! 
Just got home from the middle of nowhere ... xD 
Fun time bowling with the xc people . 
Just found out that i dont get a late start tomarrow ... no instead i have to get up and go get blood drawn at 8 in the morning ! this sucks ! 
Just got back from sports awards , awsome video . Got my < PROPFIRST > ! oh yeah ! 
goin ' to gameworks ! oh yeah ! 
Just got back from a good run . Wish it wouldnt get dark so early ... 
I love this . Im getting notifications faster on my phone than on the actual computer ... i think something is worng . 
Just spent an hour making a custom case for his phone ... xD 
Just decided that bose headphones are frickin ' amazing !!!! 
sometimes i wish i had my own stalker ... 
No homework , watching a movie ...!!! 
is playing pandemic II . xD 
Just beat pandemic II for the first time ! xD 
Really wants to pre-order the planet eclipse etek 3 , but does not have that kind of money .. 
A friday with absolutly nothing to do ... this kinda sucks . 
Great Job at the meet everyone ! Nice way to kick of the season ! 
Fun meet , and cant wait for our day off !!! So pumped !!! 
I wish i had friends to talk to ... But alas I dont ... 
whose a winner ...? every single frosh/soph track guy ! awsome meet everyone . lets do it again next year !! 
cant sleep . hes basking in the < PROPFEMALE > still . xD 
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=gangsta&defid=1326541\ 
Ahhh a good quality read . Actually it is really funny . 
just a < PROPMALE > sore ... i hope i made you proud mr. < PROPMALE > peterson . xD 
If anyone says life isnt a bitch ... their wrong . 
I feel like shit , mentally and physically ... 
Does anyone else feel like music can put you in < PROPMALE > mood swings ? 
Hawks need to end this now ! 
< PROPFIRST > Moore was here :) 
Just took a wonderful 4 hor nap . 
First official cross country day tomorrow !!! Gotta wake up at 5:40 though ... 
I love having the house to myself and a good movie to watch . Popcorn would make it better though ... 
I find it funny when people make their status \who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out\ " and no one answers it ... lol . " 
Its gonna be really hard to wake up so early tomorrow ... 
I love me a good old thunder storm . 
What the hell is going on here .... I had 51 notifications ... 
52 
Life just basically sucks at times ... =/ 
Listenin ' to some pop goes punk . 
\It's rude to count people as you pass them . Out\ 
Power finally came back on . I had to do hw with candles !!! That's not supposed to happen . 
I am defiantly on a four year strong high right now . 
Guess who just got some sexy running shorts ... Oh yeah . 
Youtube movie marathon for me today ! Lol 
is jammin and studyin ' to some deadmau5 
Oh geez it's here ... Mi hermanas wedding ! 
No school for me tomorrow . Going to New York then Florida for the weekend ! Score ! 
I love early morning flights ... 
Just got back from Florida . Met < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and got his autograph along with the rest of ironman and dynasty . Def the best paintball tournament in the world . 
Haha , 69 ppl online ... Im so immature . xD 
300 is defiantly an awesome movie . 
Some movie producer was playing lightbike and was like hey this is fun , lets make a movie out of it . And thus Tron Legacy was born ... 
is loving the new My Chem album . 
new favorite band ? I think so ! 
Playing in the snow is always awesome . Watching a movie now is even better . Too bad Christmas is technically over now 
All my music sounds new now that I finally got some quality headphones . 
Im actually kinda into this dupstep music ... 
Is it sad that I just watched a solid 2 and a half hours of YouTube videos straight ? 
does anyone know where lead is on the periodic table ? I cannot find it and ive been looking for like 10 minutes ... 
is attempting sharpie < PROPMALE > , cause I think its badass and I really wanna be able to make some crazy things . 
I really wanna go build a snow fort ... 
Does anyone wanna build a fort ? 
Got some new shoes and a hat . Solid day for me . 
If I could find you now , \ 
Things would get better . \ 
We could leave this town , \ 
And run forever\ 
I know somewhere , somehow , we'll be together\ 
Let your waves crash down on me , \ 
And take me away , yeah . \ 
\ 
-Yellowcard - Ocean Avenue 
Im in the mood for new music . Anybody listening to anything good ? 
And shes the type that could eat you alive\ 
( This could be what we need)\ 
Another reason not to trust\ 
A pretty face and a set of double D's\ 
---> Shut up and Deal \Dangerous \"" 
Does anyone think I can get through airport security with a set of spikes in my bag ? I think I'm gonna go for it ... 
Suckerpunch = new favorite movie ? I believe so . 
Get through school then California here I come ! 
Gotta love these weekend getaways in California . 
