just watched the Matrix for the first time in forever , and realized that almost all of the movies she's watched this week have Keanu Reeves . 

91 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
loves \The Philanthropist \"!" 
rawr . wanted to go running . damn thunderstorms 
meh 
bored . maybe going to the zoo . we'll see . 
bored . i petted an elephant ! 
wanting to run away ... why do we need more children here ? 
i hate people 
why is there a peacock sitting on the couch ?!?! 
bored to tears , and hating kids more every day 
bored to tears ... i want to go running 
m , iserable and wondering when the hell summer is over 
miserable ... 
back from the adirondacks , cant wait for school 
miserable , but still able to run , so its all good 
so freaking lame that i couldnt practice this morning . 
bored 
i hate you all , and you know who you are . why the flip do i need freaking senior pictures ? 
i need to leave . now . 
is wondering how she hasn't killed herself while living at home . 
thinks Spock is amazing ! 
wishes that there were intelligent people in the world . 
Are you out of your Vulcan mind ? 
I hate my family ... can I move in with you ? 
ahahaha ... eighteen thousand dollars , just ' cause i'm so awesome !!!!! Loving UNH more and more each day 
Spock rocks like Pop Rocks . yup , it's undeniable :) 
Our pupcakes are amazing .... certain people ( coughBrad and Lysscough ) need to learn how to bake better ! 
\Is she okay ? \ " \ " I don't think so . I shot her . \ " Points to anyone who knows what it's from ! " 
wishing it was December 26th , so that Christmas would be OVER !!!!!!!! 
is wondering whether or not to kill a certain someone . It'd certainly help multiple people . 
What am I supposed to do , just kick off half my crew ? No idea ... 
Accepted to Mercyhurst College ! 
wayyy too much stuff to do tomight ... bio , cookies , and god only knows what else 
yay break .... going sledding !!!! 
I suppose I should be saying < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , but I don't like Christmas ... so ... Happy December 25th ? Oh and Happy < PROPFIRST > uary ! (yay < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST >!) 
Heck yes !!! Snow means sledding day ! 
Happy New Year ! 
nkay God , just hurry up this time thing so I can go back to UA already !!!! 
loves spending all night throwing up ... especially when she neglected to eat all day long . 
has managed to burn her hand and is now in agony 
has ten essays to write by next Tuesday ... so not cool . 
I can't believe we got third place !!!!!!!! 
hates biology and < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , because they got to leave this freaking place 
needs to study for Science Olympiad , but would rather just procrastinate . It's more fun ! 
it totally psyched the she somehow managed to get third in Forensics ! 
has managed a 94 on her APEcon test . Heck yes . 
just found out that < PROPMALE > NEELEY is Jesus in the version of JCS she's going to see !!!!!!!!! 
really cannot wait to graduate and move out of this hellhole . 
does not like the cold , and hates all the kids in Quebec . It is most likely warmer there than it is here . 
will forever be grateful for electricity , because life without it sucks . 
is accepted to WNEC !!!!! 
00100000 : The Final Frontier 
is counting down the days until graduation . 
Why do parents pretend that they don't loathe you when it's blatantly obvious that they can't stand your presence ? 
Typing stage crew cues at midnight is great fun . Not . This freaking sucks . 
Can I give my job to someone else and just watch the show ? 
I'm just going to thank everyone now , so that way it won't take me forever ... I want to go to bed ( on the bridge .. w/ Lyssa :D ) 
Leave my hat alone !!! Haha crew gets to wear theirs tomorrow !!!! 
No more shows for me .... 28 performances ! 
Now that the musical is over , I realize that I really have no motivation to do anything , especially not track . To quit or not to quit ? 
WTF . Why the hell do I have to be 18 to live on a freaking campus ? I'm smarter than half the damn kids there ! 
Gandalf is Jesus .. so watch out for him today ! haha :) 
My foot freaking hurts . Damn allergic reactions . < PROPFIRST > , your cookie made my entire day ! :) 
likes to laugh at stupid people who think they know her best friend better than she does . :) 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek . In Spanish . Without subtitles . And actually understanding it !!!!!! 
Yo mayo !!! Mother is gone for the weekend ... yay . 
grr ... If I missed anything important today , someone is going to get it . 
is most likely going to UAlbany . 
I think my cat's been reading my diary . 
hates being sick ... and missing practice . 
is cleaning the bonfire pit and starting to make food for tomorrow . yay . 
Peoples , I need to know before I go shopping : hot dogs or hamburgers ? Call me !!! 
haha we kick ass ! Envirothon champs !!! 
Stupid f-ing asshole doctor . Yessir , I'm addicted to narcotics and love being a patient , that's why I'm here ! 
Drugs are bad . They make you sick . :( 
wants a freaking Beef'nCheddar and will hug anyone who gets her one . winkwinkLyssa ... yo se que tienes < PROPFEMALE > coche .... 
hates her entire fucking family and needs to leave . Now . 
has successfully eaten ( finally ! ) and can no longer compete in track :( 
Lyssa squared , love you both . Because who doesn't like to eat ice cream in lawn chairs in a gazebo in downton Chittenango on a Thursday night ? 
Screw you , NY . This is freaking Bolshevik . Snow , on Mother's Day . And of course , no heat in this damn house . 
How do you play a game of MONOPOLY and not play to win ?! Doesn't that kind of defeat the purpose of playing in the first place ? 
misses running even more now that she is not allowed to ... 
loves the Avatar soundtrack , and wants the movie . 
loves < PROPFEMALE > D but not the creeper at the store . 
Hey , that's my number !!! 
Hahaha fanreakingtastic . Becuase when you go to Arby's you have to get Beef'n'Cheddar . 
Fanfreakingtastic time at Arby's with awesome people !! (and Beef'n'Cheddars , of course ) 
from what pictures I've seen , our prom way wayyyy better . hahaha 
psh ... hablo espanol mejor que todos los otros estudiantes . 
I can't decide which is worse : Being in agony or being told you're a mental defect and faking it . 
new awesome quote \Make it so . \"" 
hahahaha 3.5 days left EVER !!!!!!!! 
wants a pony . And a starship . 
IT'S OVER FOREVER !!!!! HALLELUJAH !!!!! 
cannot wait to go to college . 
If you put a chameleon in a room full of mirrors , what color would it turn ? 
Sometimes graduation stuff sucks ... like cleaning the yard . 
I love Rambo ... 
bakin ' a cake ... actually , bakin ' four cakes ! 
GRADUATING !!! ( and will we succeed ? Yes , we will indeed . 98 and 3/4 percent guaranteed ! ) 
Why do they put people who clearly do not want to be on television on television ? I don't know how actors do it ! But .... I'M DONE FOREVER !!!!! 
Dead after my 23.7 mile bike ride at insane speeds . 
loves her awesome friends , except for those who confirm her ultra-super-secret plans to other people . Lyss .... you are so dead . :) 
wishes people weren't losers !!!! 
is off to Enchanted < PROPMALE > with her family . Lovely . 
is sunburned and bored . 
< PROPMALE > , we have our permits ... finally . 
Grr .... stupid allergic reactions . Too sick to go anywhere ! :( 
GO SPAIN !!!!!! < PROPFIRST > Huebler , you are the most amazing person in the world . Words cannot describe the awesome . 
SCREW YOU , psychic octopus !!! hahaha < PROPFEMALE > ESPANA !!! 
Social Experiment : If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me !!!!. It can be anything you want . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised with what people remember ~ 
is back from UA .... \Horseradish is baaaad ! \"" 
is back from the camping trip from hell . But ... I got a 5 on the AP Bio test !!!!! 
finally got her laptop . 
I need to have one < PROPMALE > surgery where they take out everything a body doesn't need tu survive . 
wishes she had one of those houses in Indiana .... 
Add pizza to the list .... 
I like him . He's nice , but scary . Like < PROPFEMALE > ! 
loves the Rohirrim , especially Eomer . 
Zeitgeist is the gen < PROPFEMALE > l cultural , intellectual , ethical , spiritual , and/or political climate within a nation or even specific groups , along with the gen < PROPFEMALE > l ambience , morals , sociocultural direction or mood of an < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you < PROPMALE > Quinto for making me feel ridiculously stupid . 
is attempting to pack for camp , but several of her clothes are MIA ( because certain people keep stealing them ) . 
just bought an awesome GLEE poster and loves it . 
\Well that's true . \"" 
misses camp , and wishes she were there , just bringing all the cool people from Chittenango with her . 
< PROPFEMALE > Giarrosso had just discovered my guilty pleasure . :) 
is watching New Zealand movies .... they make my day :) 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > , my prayers are with your family and friends . 
Caesar says : \ROMANS !!!! I have an important announcement to make ..... I have invented a new salad . \ " :) " 
thinks it's awesome that < PROPFEMALE > Bofia likes Basshunter ! :) 
really wants to go to Ultimate tonight ! 
just got back from playing an epic game of Ultimate . 
is bored and wants to do something fun today ... too bad there's nothing to do in Chittenango . 
hates doctors . A lot . 
is hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Giarrosso and < PROPFEMALE > Crackerz before stupid scans . 
is going to track down and murder whoever invented the HIDA scan , more specifically the second injection . I've never been that sick in my entire life . 
just bought a ton of books which kind of makes up for yesterday's misery . 
Congratulations ! You WIN !!!... A Russian ? 
Okay people , I need your Skype names ... otherwise I probably won't talk to you ! :) 
Making Trekker shirts wth < PROPFEMALE > Crackerz , < PROPFEMALE > Giarrosso , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . I pledge allegiance , to the flag , of the United Federdation of planets . 
Why the hell do simple necessities cost so freaking much ? 
Woo-hoo ! Almost time to go !!!! 
wtf .... parents , if you don't know what the hell a button does , DON'T FREAKING TOUCH IT !!!!! really mother ... now what the hell am I supposed to do ? 
loves college a million times more than home . :) 
has a second suite , complete with Trekkies and a BOSS Zefron poster !!!! 
is oddly tired . Hmm .... whatever , I'll adjust eventually . 
just wants to pass out ... but has a shitload of homework to do . FML . 
College is like the Matrix , we all have to make choices . Now , do you want the red pill or the blue one ? lol I like Chem already . 
Dude , I thought after AP Bio I would be done looking at damn pillbugs for hours . Nope , apparently not . 
is really tired ..... but feels better after sitting in \en garde\ " for three hours . " 
Sweating to death . 
is scared . 
Every girl in college . lock your doors and keep your keys on you AT ALL TIMES .... or be scared shitless . 
wishes her interview was over so she could stop worrying about it . 
hates how the campus is designed to create mini-tornadoes in the wind . 
loves Tae Kwon Do but not the soreness . 
misses her orange guava passionfruit juice because her mother refuses to buy any . 
is DONE WITH CHEM HOMEWORK !!!!! ( for a couple of days , at least ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Houseman , < PROPFEMALE > Mondello , and are getting the most awesome yet creepy gift in the world on Sunday ! 
is babysitting a terror on legs . :) 
cannot wait to go home . 
really like crew despite the fact that her legs are dying . 
You know it's bad when all you get from the coxswain is \Oh shit oh shit \"" 
Laundry never took this long at home ... what the hell . 
is still laughing at the girl she saw wearing a winter coat , hat , and gloves . 
hates the fact that Latin conjugates verbs and nouns . 
has to go to 
wants everything to stop hurting . 
can't decide whether or not she wants to be a coxswain or stay stroke . 
thinks drunk people are funny , especially when they can't walk straight . 
For the love of God , you leave me something like that and expect me not to worry ? Good , God , woman , you're insane . 
is back from the archaic ridiculous hospital that doesn't even have the little box thingies on the IV poles !!! How lame is that ? 
cannot reconcile the fact that she almost killed seven people today . 
is freaking exhausted . Lyss , I blame you . 
I like it on my back ! 
Hide your kids , hide your wife , and hide your husband too . 
misses Rushford really badly right now . No stress .... no nothing . 
wants to go home . 
hmmm .... chem or not chem ? Not chem . 
Negative signs will be the death of me . 
just got attacked by a banana and a gorilla ... why isn't anyone else ever around for these things ? 
is soaking wet after sitting in a boat for two hours in pouring rain . 
the dreaded chem test of epic proportions is now over ! 
Wow . regattas are really tiring ... and I didn't even row ! 
is apparently doomed to suffer the agony of Christmas music even earlier than usual this year . 
thinks the guys should actually pay attention before they push boat trailers into people . 
My leg is green . :) 
every person has 1000 wishes . a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that some of you , my friends , will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it . ? 
wishes certain people would talk to her because she's worried about them . One person in particular , and if you see this you know who you are . So let me know you're okay , yes ? 
put this as your status if you know , or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . The Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but the Galactic Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least 1 hour ? 
Screw you , Chemistry . 
thinks Saratoga is way too cold to be outside . Unless there's a fire . :) 
is NOT going to the gym before Tae Kwon Do next time . 
yay movie night ! 
is home from the hospital . Finally . :) 
loves Suite 803 and all related members of our extended family . :) 
Am I tired ? No , I'm not tired . I'm far beyond tired . I'm freaking exhausted , that's what I am ! 
thinks the people scrambling around UA because it's snowing are the funniest thing she's seen all year . :D 
On the 8th of November , the angels were cryin ' as they carried his brothers away ... 
\Heee's a big pig\ " \ " Yup yup yup\ " \ " You can be a big pig too ! OY ! \"" 
Kicking the crap out of stuff never fails to make me feel better ! 
had never failed anything in biology ... and now she has . Screw you , biology exam ! 
is going to master poker ..... someday . 
apparently has a three-page paper due tomorrow I didn't know about . But still is happy because she's going to see < PROPMALE > Potter with awesome people on Thursday !!!!!! (well , technically it's Friday ) 
cannot wait for < PROPMALE > POTTER !!!!!!!!!!! 
One more day ..... 
FINALLY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've been waiting for this forever !!!!!! 
RIP Dobby !!! 
< PROPMALE > , you're hilarious . :) 
One more day until my soulmateinanonromanticsense gets here ! 
Thanks , people , for your lovely comments implying that I'm anorexic . 
Yup , I'm ready to go back to UA now . 
ohshit ..... MasteringBiology is due today . I'm on problem 4 of about 40 . 
Happy Stuffyourfacewithtonsoffood Day ! 
Chillin ' in pain with < PROPFEMALE > Giarrosso reading me foreign stories . :) 
Becuase everyone loves spending break unable to eat because their throat is on fire . 
I wish Christmas was over . 
has recently discovered that she's going to fail calculus , no matter how well she does on the final . 
< PROPFEMALE > Olds , you make my day more humorous all the time . \I wish I had a tongue dispenser ! \".......\" Don't you mean depressor ? \"" 
Why , why , why ?!?!? Is there a fire drill at 2AM ? In the cold . and damp . FML . 
Eastman Tower is currently being punched in the face by Hurricane Albany !! 
Finals are a pain in the ass . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Fuchs , you and your roommates are saints . :) Thank you ! 
10 points to anyone who actually knows what cartoon my profile picture is !!! 
thinks she is quite capable of going to the doctor by herself , thank you very much . 
NO MORE CLASSES !!!!!!! 
Suite 803 is an awesome suite to live in . Because we have parties . And food . 
hates chemistry with a passion that rivals < PROPFEMALE > Tesla ' s most passionate anything . 
wow .... I may actually have passed chem . Shocking . 
I know who Sheala likes :) 
is not a fan of biology , despite the fact that it's her < PROPMALE > . 
Snow angels at two thirty in the morning ? I think so . 
loves < PROPFEMALE > Lennox and < PROPFEMALE > Kasman <3 <3 <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Lennox loves < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Kasman loves < PROPFIRST > . 
does stupid shit sometimes . A lot of the time , actually . 
is in complete and total agony ... God hates me . 
wants to go back to UA . 
didn't think it was possible to miss people as much as she misses the crew team , Suite 803 , and all its honorary residents right now . 
I knew there was a reason I fucking hate holidays . 
Problem : I wasn't able to bring home an erg . Solution : Play Just Dance 2 for three hours . The workout is about the same . :) 
does not want to go to another doctor . Ever . 
Is it sad that watching multiple hours of \Trauma : Life in the ER\ " makes my entire day better ? " 
\This has been a test of the emergency alert system . The purpose of the emergency alert system is to alert people to emergencies occurring . \ " ... no really ? I hadn't guessed . " 
is beyond ready to go back home to Albany . 
Is it really too much to ask for food that I can actually eat ? 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 
so there's weird noises coming from downstairs and I'm kind of freaking out .... there's nobody down there . We checked . WTF . It's 4 in the morning . 
wants real food that isn't cereal . 
just trudged through a snowbank up to my waist . I'm soaked . FML . 
is insanely glad to be back at UA . 
wants to go to bedddd .... 
thinks watching < PROPFEMALE > Kasman and < PROPMALE > Beliveau watch the Jets get their asses kicked is kind of hilarious . 
is attempting to add more classes ... I need more credits . 
is having a dance party in the laundry room with < PROPFIRST > Giano and < PROPFEMALE > Kasman . Life is good . 
thinks it's ridiculous that < PROPFEMALE > Kasman thinks < PROPMALE > is a keeper when , in reality , she was the one that saved her ass . Not him . We could've taken a taxi . :) 
Thanks , kid in Giants hat on a snowboard . Because when you destroyed me the first time , I really needed you to do it again . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , who was an awesome fish while he lasted . 
NO CLASSES TOMORROW !!!!! AND NO LAB NEXT WEEK !!!!! life is good . 
wants to go jump off the side of the building into the snow again . 
Screw you , Albany . A fire drill while I'm showering ?!?!?!?!?!? Fuck you . 
