Happy New Year everyone !!!!!!! im leaving Disney today and im heading back home . last night really was a magical night at Magic Kingdom 

Im finally back home 
If you learn anything in life it should be that you learn who you are inside . always be who you are and don't let anyone change that . we are perfect in our own ways . and no one should try to change that . we can't be perfect in others eyes , but we can be in our eyes 
Finally made a facebook 
haha cute 
Finally got a facebook 
Ugh have a big WHAP test tomorrow . hope i dont fail this one 
Cant wait to get tomorrow over with . then its a nice relaxing weekend after 3 tests 
Don't i got the cutest little sister ever 
Cant wait till its the weekend 
Heading to bed . Not wanting to go to school and take the WHAP test . Night everyone 
Time to face my biggest fear ...... The WHAP Exam 2 . Hopefully I beat it and it doesn't beat me ... 
It finally the weekend . time to sit back and relax 
today is going to be a great day for me 
Saturday is almost over for me . Been a pretty good day . Hope everyone had a good day today 
The past is the past . And I'm happy to leave it there 
Going to a revolving restaurant today with my grandparents in Cinci . I'm excited 
watching my little baby sister . so cute when she smiles :) 
Another chapter of my life . Last time I'm going to be 15 . I had a great year being 15 . Learned a lot and experienced even more . Time to start the next chapter . Wonder what the first line will be ... :) 
Finally 16 . Taking my permit test tomorrow . Hope I pass 
\Are you ready to hear me talk non-stop for like five hours tomorrow ? \ " -Julia\ 
Today is the day I pass or fail my permit test . 
I got my permit . I can drive now 
Just took < PROPFEMALE > home . It was a good day 
First time driving today . Wasn't bad at all . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . Time to eat till we get fat lol 
About to eat a lot of great food my mother made . I'm going to gain 40 pounds today lol 
If you can't let go of the past then you can never reach the future . That's why everyday is a gift because you know the past but not the future . Live everyday like it's your last 
If you had one wish what would it be ... 
Am prob . going to < PROPFEMALE > out in the park with a really good friend . Can't wait 
I just had a great time with Serenity today . She is amazing and a great friend . I can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > out with her again 
got back from the football game . had a great time with my friend < PROPFEMALE > . but < PROPFIRST > county lost . that sucks 
Everyone wants to fall in love and be happy . But what they don't know is happiness comes from inside of you . Try loving yourself before another person 
i promised to be there for you . guess i still am . i promised to never hurt you . guess i didn't . i promised to always love you .... haha sorry i lied . wish you could see me now baby . im doing really good without you :) 
Im starting to really like this girl . and i never thought i would want to date again . but i keep thinking about her . 
ugh i hate homework . really dont want to do it 
My future is mine . ill never give up on my dreams . people may knock me down . but i always get back up . what doesn't kill us makes us stronger . 
Trying to find a job . I want to work now . Could use the extra money 
Another rainy day . But I like the rain . It's relaxing and peaceful 
You know that everyone gets their heart broken . It happens to the best of us . But I've found that you can't cure a broken heart . I found that the easiest way to stop the pain is to let go of the past . It's one of the hardest things to do 
my life is a roller coaster sometimes . think about the top thrill dragster . thats my life lol . i go up and down . but sometimes i get stuck up at the top . thats always fun lol 
Today just keeps getting better and better . Not ! 
its been a long day . cant wait for friday . heading to ohio and hunting for ghosts . going to be fun 
Going to watch < PROPFEMALE > play basketball . The ghost HUNTING all night . Yay ! 
I got a tape recorder , a camera , two flashlights , and magnets . I'm ready to catch me a ghost 
I'm at the haunted hospital . Time to find me a ghost 
This place is so creepy . You get cold chills down your back . I think this is a really haunted place 
Well we are taking a little break . Nothing has happened yet . Trying to talk or get touched by a ghost . But just creepy feelings so far . 
Got really weird chills in the old operating room and the 7th floor north . Only two places that happened . Also a door slammed for no reason on the 7th floor . Weird 
Okay I think I just talked to a ghost . I was in the lobby and I heard a knocking sound . And I asked if anyone was there and to knock again . It happened again . And I keeper saying that for a while and it keeled happening about 2 seconds after I said it . 
Then I said keep knocking and I got louder till it was like someone hit a table with their fist . And we went to the next floor to see if anyone wad above us . There was no one ...... 
I really wish I could read peoples minds sometimes . To see what they are feeling so I can understand what they want from me 
there is not much to do at 2 in the morning 
Its sunday . school tomorrow UGH !! 
I can't wait for this week to be over . i love being able to sleep in all day 
If you had one wish , what would it be ......... 
Its almost friday and im really happy . can't wait to sleep in . 
I take life to serious . i need to stop caring and have more fun . lifes to short to let people get on you nerves lol 
Hey , Remember me ? \ 
\ 
We used to be best friends . \ 
I'd love to talk to you . Don't ignore this . \ 
I just want to know how you're doing and how your life is going . \ 
Let's chat it up . < PROPFEMALE > Jeffies a.k.a my ex . its been 3 weeks since i talked to her . she pushed me out and now she wants me in . welcome to my life lol . sorry baby but i told you that you would live with your mistake :) 
Going to a christmas party with some friends . going to be a crazy night knowing them lol 
Write me a question about anything and send it to me and ill answer it 
I am really bored . idk what to do this weekend . 
Its so stupid when people on FB delete you for no reason . i dont get it lol 
haha okay well idk how that other status got up there by I Spy . but i didnt write that lol 
really these dang things need to stop changing my status . 
Dailybooth is so great . i love it 
Heading off to the mall . Going to buy me some stuff 
No school tomorrow . lets kiss summer goodbye 
People can be hateful . but people can be kind . i have talked to people around the world . and no one is alone . because people do care out there . and they do have your back 
People have some dark pasts . some unspoken words that have changed their lives . they cant run from it . it controls them . but the one thing im trying to get them to do is to stop running and fight . control your life . dont let your past control your future 
Well idk what to write tonight . umm we have no school again . and im just going to relax again tomorrow . 
we will have school tomorrow i would say 
Another snow storm tonight . i will prob see you all after the New Year's lol 
What is pain of the body mind and heart ? Is it a reaction of the brain ? Is it longing for something gone ? Or is it what makes us human ? Pain shows we are alive . And what doesn't kill us makes us so much stronger . Everyone knows the sting of pain 
Life takes you many places . you can go into your worst nightmare or into the best dream . you can live life or let it control you . take everyday as a learning experience . and never forget your dreams . they are what keep us going when everything seems lost 
I learned a lot over the past couple of months . i learned how people really can be . how they can say to your face that they are playing you and how they can quit caring for you in a split second . but not everyone is like that . the most important thing i learned in these last couple of months is that i am who i am . and that im perfect the way i am because no one is truely perfect . 
Its been a really good day . can't wait to see what tomorrow holds for me 
I am so bored right now . there is not much i can do at 12:30 . comment if you want to talk 
really don't know if coming to FB for advice is good but i really need it . my ex keeps texting me and i haven't talked to her in over a month . she acts like she cares but im scared of getting hurt again . What should i do !!??? 
< PROPFEMALE > only if you could read this . im never texting you back . you will never get the pleasure of talking to me . you lost everything with me . everything is gone . and im happy you didn't waste anymore of my time by dating me . thanks love 
Does anyone know if we have school tomorrow ? 
Another snow day . just relaxing all day 
Why is it when you want someone they don't want you . and then when you moved on , they want you as a friend even tho they hurt you ?? i don't get it . i told you that when im gone im never coming back . so quit texting me !! lol 
Does anyone know where to find the stuff for the musical ? its on who's teacher < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Im am going to suck at the musical 
\Yea we're heading for a heart heart heartbreak and i don't ever want to hear you say . don't say you love me don't even . don't say you love me your leavin \"" 
Goodbye everyone . i heading to < PROPMALE > soon . going there for Christmas and the new year's . I wish you all a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and a Happy New Year !! 
Im in Florida now . we just got to the resort . this place is really nice . oh and Meryy Christmas in a couple of hours everyone . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . im heading off to Downtown Disney . See ya :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas still . just got done from Downtown Disney . it was really fun and im having a great time . sucks for all you in the cold lol . its great and warm down here :) . 
Been shopping all day . ut is so crowded down here . but tomorrow should be fun . im going to < PROPMALE > Potter 
You know for it being Florida its kind of cold . its been < PROPFEMALE > witch makes it cold . i want it to warm up again lol 
If we lose ourselves in this world then we can never stand out in a crowd . we before a rain drop in the wide open sea . we can never lose what we are . no matter how many times we get kicked down . lets all become the rainbow and not the rain drop 
I am so tired today . i got back from Islands of Adventure and Happy Potter and it was crazy . but it was worth it . today was a really good day . and i go to Disney tomorrow . can't wait 
Whew Disney has been a fun and packed trip . so since tomorrow is Magic Kingdom and the New Year's celebration i got a question . Im in the place where wishes come true so tell me your New Year's wish people ??!!! message me it or comment on my status . whats your wish ...... 
Well i prob won't be on this tomorrow so HAPPY NEW YEAR'S to everyone . i wish you all the best of the last day of 2010 
If you had one day left to live what would you do ? would you go party and blow all your money ? would you go cry ? be with your loved ones ? well me i would go lay down on a beach somewhere and listen to some good music . and watch my last sunset over the waters of my life 
We all go through life searching for something . We try to find the thing that will give us eternal joy . We feel the need to be happy even if our world is falling apart around us . That's when we hold on to that thing we searched our lives for , and we never let go 
No matter what happens i know that i will be okay . i have been high as the clouds and i have gotten shot down and destroyed . but it made me stronger . i've had a lot of mistakes in my life but i learned to be a better person . and i hope that i will be that great person to someone special one day . 
\This is now 
I just got done trying out for the musical . I hope I get a good part !!!!! 
We only live once . so shouldn't we do all we can to make this one life great ? you don't need money to have a amazing life . all you need is family and that love of your soul mate . the poorest people can be the happiest . isn't that what we all want is happiness ? 
Well hasn't been the best week but at least its friday . 
We risk everything to get what we want . we throw it all on the line and hope for a good outcome . yet sometimes its not what we want in the end . so we try again and again just waiting for our < PROPMALE > . and when that < PROPMALE > comes we give it all we have and more . thats the beauty of humans . we never give up and never stay down 
We all have a reason for being alive . some say we are here to do something good for the world . well i know what my reason for living is . im taking all the anger , the hate , the pain out of this world . im going to start a storm that can never be stopped , and it will ripple through history . This world will become a better place for my kids . we can all start the storm togther .... who's with me !!!! 
All I ever do is to try to make others happy . I bend over backwards for them . Then I get told I'm not good enough . Well I'm done making others happy if I'm not going to get the respect I deserve from them . 
As I look up at the < PROPFEMALE > s tonight I will see your beautiful eyes < PROPFEMALE > ing down on me bc you will be looking at that same < PROPFEMALE > . Yet after being so long away from you I won't know how to feel . I lost everything for you when you walked away . So tonight when you see that < PROPFEMALE > just know I'm doing great without you 
I am so bored today 
idk what to write on FB anymore . im running out of my good stuff that i write . anyone got any good topics for me to write about next ?? 
Oh parents . they are the best and worst things teens know . but even after the fights and yelling they are still there for you . and you got them forever . they will never turn their backs on you . so they are not so bad lol 
Well im saying that we won't have school again tomorrow . 
Hey our first video for magic bums will be on youtube later tonight . i will add the video on fb later when its up . hope you all enjoy it 
so who thinks we have school tomorrow ? 
I am so MAD !!!!!!!!!! Ugh 
Life is a party . shouldn't we stop caring and let go of our problems . we need to enjoy the better things in life and stop worring about the little stuff . im bad about this a lot of time . but im growing up and making myself a better person . so im going to party like its my last day on Earth . no problems no worries :) 
Hey everyone . i would like anyone that sees this to type in magic bums on Fb and like our < PROPFEMALE > . thank you 
Hey everyone . We are trying to get more people to like magic bums . so please type it and and like our < PROPFEMALE > . thank you :) 
Even after all i went through with you somehow my heart has survived . yet i feel sometimes that part of it never came back to me . when i gave you my heart you kept part of it after i was gone . and even tho i will never go back to you , you are still my first love . you got that much of me 
Well if i could tell the future i would never tell anyone what will happen . life is a mystery that we try to find out . its like reading the last < PROPFEMALE > of a book before you even read the first one . we write our own stories . and we write the ending to that story 
I don't know what happened . but really i don't need to . so many unspoken secrets . lost hopes . broken dreams . lonely nights wishing for a better tomorrow . losing more than just a friend . its all a lesson we must learn one day . people will come and go . and if they go then i have learned that they usually they don't come back . its part of life , love , and forever 
I am a child waiting for the day to mature into a real honest man . I'm no where near perfect but I know my mistakes . I've moved on a learned the lessons of life . Still so much I don't know , but it's a part of growing up . Im young but I'm going to try to be the best young man I can be . No one is perfect even if we try to be 
frozen tears falling down to the earth . covering the world with a white calming snow . all the broken dreams and hearts are so beautiful to us . we watch it fall , we wonder , we see . yet we let it fall forever . we see it and do nothing . we see peoples broken dreams and hearts and do nothing . we need to stop watching the people fall and be there with a helping hand and catch them before they hit the ground 
\I don't mind spending every day\ 
Ugh tonight im feeling down . i hate being sad . and i wish people wouldn't make me that way 
The most powerful words are unspoken . words just ruin the meaning of feelings . words can lie , they can hurt , they can kill . unspoken truths are powerful . and no matter what , words are just words . they are meaning less . 
haha i don't understand myself . i go from being sad to happy in an hour or so . nothing can keep me down for long i guess lol 
The Packers are killing the Bears so far . I hope the Packers and Jets go to the super bowl . 
If i go a 100 days without you then it makes up for the wasted times i spent with you . I learned that love is a game that i only played . and now i see the errors i made bc i found someone who can do it better than you . and all i say now is the past is the past . and i have a bright future to head into :) 
Deca regionals have been cancelled because of snow . It has been moved to Febuary 7th . Tell everyone you can 
WHAP homeworks sucks lol 
< PROPFIRST > county schools have a one hour delay Friday 
Life is not always the best for anyone . Yet we still keep going . It's an up and down ride . But after all we do we are happy sooner or later . And I am happy . I got people around me who catch me when I fall . And I got someone to fight for now . Life is just perfect tonight 
Ugh im in a bad mood tonight . this sucks 
Anger is a powerful drug that takes over your body . it controls you and hurts the people around you . if you can't control it then you destroy everything that gets in your way , that includes loved ones . make sure your smart when you get mad and don't take it out on the people around you . love not hate . peace not anger . heal not destroy 
Well im going ghost busters tonight lol . back to the haunted hospital to get that ghost . who ya gonna call tonight ? < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! lol 
Haha nothing better than being up at 3 am listening to 3 good looking girls on the phone lol 
Drama people are so crazy . but its so fun to be one lol 
Haha i love the pictures < PROPFIRST > took of me at play pratice . shes great at taking crazy pics of me lol 
Well it's been a pretty good night . Just got back from seeing The Rite . Pretty good movie . Sucks I had to actually pay attention to it lol . Overall great night 
Well I'm watching my baby sister . And she is being good so far . Dinner party later on . And idk what else lol 
There really is nothing good about goodbye . But sometimes you need to know how it feels to leave and get left . We just need to say goodbye sometimes . And when we do we leave everything behind . There is nothing good about goodbye . 
Well it's Monday . But < PROPMALE > least I get to skip school < PROPMALE > l day because of DECA . Going to be a good Monday . 
Easy competition . State here we come 
Ugh had to leave DECA early and go back to school . Now I have to go to play practice when I should be having fun and getting my award . 
really just don't want school tomorrow . i hate to have to go an extra day in summer but i just want tomorrow off 
Oh gosh its been a long day lol . well i hope no school for tomorrow and i hope im not bored tomorrow . can't wait to see how i placed in DECA . 
Q and A inbox 
Q : What makes me so cool ? \ 
A : your a great friend and a good actor when eating a chesse burger lol . your just a good guy who is fun to be around 
Q : On a scale of 1-10 , what would you rate me ? \ 
A : i would give you an 8 
Q : What do you honestly think of me .? \ 
A : i think your an amazing girl and a great friend . you got alot going for you . im glad to have you around 
Q and A , inbox me im bored lol 
Q : what do < PROPFEMALE > think of me / rate 1-10 ? \ 
A : i dont really know you but you seem like a great person . and your pretty . i would rate you a 9 
Ugh school today . But at least it's half way through the week so it shouldn't be to bad I hope . See y'all at school 
Q : Why did you divorce me ? D: hahaha\ 
A : Because our baby was ugly and you didnt wash my clothes . lmao 
i think im going to start being crazy because im getting really bored with my life . when i look back on high school i will have no crazy wild stories to tell . what fun is that ? 
Q and A , inbox me 
To be honest ....... Like ? 
Im so bored tonight . there is nothing to do . im glad for it to be the weekend tomorrow . but school is tomorrow too . ugh 
Goodbye Kentucky . See you another day . Till we meet again lol 
This is going to be a great weekend . time to get away from it all and have fun . time to let go and go crazy . can't wait lol 
Q : question why are you so stupid ? answer ?? \ 
A : wow gabby . umm idk why . your just a crazy sister 
Many times in life you have to face things you never thought you would have to . you have to push yourself harder than you ever had to and sometimes you get down and think you can't go on . thats when we look up to the sky to find strength . and thats when we feel his helping hand push us along . Thank you God 
Love is a crazy game we play . and in the end we are usually all losers . but we start again till we find the one that is worth giving a life too . its a crazy game 
We all know how pain feels . how it is to be alone when your screaming for help . we all know how hard rock bottom is . but we don't know how to help people . we don't help we break . we destroy and not fix . but we know how bad it feels to be hurt . so why do we hurt others if we know how bad it is ?? 
Home is the place that will never leave your heart . you always know where your home is . its the place that when you come back to it memories flood your mind . its your safe heaven from the world . its the place that made you who you are ...... 
I miss summer so bad . This weather is so warm and perfect . I really want summer now 
Haha well < PROPFIRST > already told all of FB whats going on . so yes i am going to prom with < PROPFIRST > Hensley . lol 
watching my baby sister . she is being so good today lol . we are watching t.v and listening to < PROPFEMALE > Bareilles . haha so much fun 
Q and A , inbox me any question 
Well i have not wrote anything on here for a while . so hmmm . hahaha i guess i got nothing really deep to say . so i just will say what up facebookers lol 
As the rain falls and the thunder rolls i look back to a time of sunshine and bright blue skies . as the storm rolls over our lives we wish for bright skies and happy sunshine . but with the rain we feel alive . so what about the storm ? its what keeps us alive and breathing . it can't be all sunshine and bright skies bc grass can't grow without rain and neither can we 
I live a life that is full of the unexpected . i go through everyday never knowing what will come next . ive been through heaven and hell yet all i want is to see what comes next . i know my past but not my future . and all i can say is here im come world . get ready for me 
Writing my DECA script for state . going to make this the best thing i have ever wrote . State and Nationals here we come lol 
As I'm writing this I'm looking up into the night sky and I see a different world . The sky has bright stars giving me light tonight . And I look back to my dark past . But the night is my past . And the stars are the light showing through it . So what's this mean for me ? I guess it means ive been okay without you . And my past will be morning soon . So you never will cross my mind or heart 
Got 2nd in state for business law and ethics . Going to Florida baby !!!!!! Yea !!! 
Haha everyone at < PROPFIRST > county lost at FBLA regionals 
Really hate coming back home and doing tons of hw because i missed two days of school . but i got 2nd in state so its all good i guess lol 
Q and A . inbox me a question and ill answer it 
It's been a really great weekend so far . Can't wait to see what tomorrow holds for me :) 
Like this , and ill tell you my top 3 favorite things about you 
Really hope KY wins 
UK has just won their 27th SEC championship . sorry Florida lol 
I really am starting to hate School and all the stupid pointless homework we have to do . is it not enought we go to school for 7 hours every week day ? 
\Chelsea 
I live a life full of wonder and mystery . i find happiness in small things , and the big things don't bother me . its all just a game we play . its called life , so play your cards right and watch your dreams come true 
I made a promise to myself and the world that i will change it . i want a better world that my kids can live in . i would rather die a good man than live as a bad one . its my dream and i hope you want that dream with me . I might not be able to change the world alone , but a million minds can change it for the better 
I hold the keys to my dreams , my hopes , and my heart . we all hold the key to our futures . and whether we give those keys away is up to us . but before you give it away just ask yourself one question ? Is the person worth it .. 
Got to get up at 4:30 for alive at sunrise for the play . hey i get to be on t.v at least lol . got to have a start somewhere 
Like and ill rate you .... 
Been a long day . but im glad its over . i get to relax for a while now 
Wow the Cats beat Ohio State . thats a big upset . UK might go all the way this year if they keep playing like that 
Question : If you could tell the world one thing what would you say ? \ 
I would say time moves fast . and in a blink of an eye your life has passed by . live everyday like the last and enjoy every second of your life because one day it will be gone .... love life 
We all hate for things to end . we see people leave , we see people who die and are gone . we see the world change . and we live through it all . even with the tears we remember those days . \ 
I know now that what goodbye stands for ..... its just a see you later :) \ 
Everyone is family and nothing can change that . no distance , no ocean , no time will ever change it 
I want to see the world . i want to climb the tallest mountain and swim the longest ocean . there is so much to do in a life time and i want to do it all . i have this life for a reason . and im going to take advantage of it all . i mean we only live once so lets have some fun :) 
Okay im trying to get a group together to go to the Vans Warped Tour on auguest 2nd . if anyone is interested in going please message or comment on this . i need to get an idea of how many people want to go 
We all have someone we depend on . It could be a family member , a friend , or a boy friend or girl friend . but do we ever think we can depend on ourselves ? whos the person saying we can keep pushing on ? whos the person who when we get kicked down they say stand tall ? you want to know who that person is ? It's YOU 
I love how everyone on FB can express themselves and tell the world what they have to say . its a way for people to break free and let their voice ring 
Kentucky really needs to stop shooting 3s . They keep missing 
What the heck is with this game ... It's crazy so far . Kentucky needs to get in together 
Omg Kentucky . START playing right !!! 
I'm heading out to watch a movie with my mother lol . We are seeing Hop which looks funny . Then out to eat and shopping . Should be a pretty fun day . And I'm leaving in 2 more days !!!!!! Yay go spring break !! 
What is one thing you will give up everything for ? \ 
Message me and answer or comment on this .. 
Truth is ......... \ 
#Like 
Down at Lake < PROPMALE > till sunday . time to live up my spring break . love you all . see you monday :) . peace 
Finally back home . well time to get back into the world . time to go back to school . start my job . finish my project . but hey its my home and my life 
Q and A , inbox me a question or number and ill answer it 
20 , (: \ 
why do you never talk to me anymore ?! /: \ 
A : idk really . guess we have just grown apart 
Q : 321\ 
Why do you hate me so much ?! D: \ 
A : I dont hate you at all 
Q : #16 \ 
Are You Taking me Out To Dinner And A Movie With Dessert Included With Your First Paycheck .... \ 
A : If you finish the pictures so i can fix my ipod then maybe 
Q : # > 9000\ 
Whats your favorite pop tart flavor ? \ 
A : Its deff hot fudge sunday . i love that flavor 
Q : what do you think of me ? \ 
A : Well idk . i dont really know you much . but you seem like a really special and great girl 
“Dream as if you'll live forever , live as if you'll die today . ”\ 
Isn't this so true . 
Q : 4554\ 
what do u honestly think of me ? \ 
A : i think your an amazing gorgeous girl 
I really love my job . Gold < PROPFEMALE > might not be what a lot of you think of as a good job but the people up there are great . and i love being up there . so i love my job and i get money for doing something i like . pretty great 
People come and go . you go through life and see over a million people . and only a few become true friends . i have learned from wiser people than me that if you keep one true friend through your life then your lucky . friends that are true are hard to come by so try being one 
Haha there is like no one doing anything tonight except for the people going to prom . this is a sucky saturday for anyone who is not going 
Like this and ill rate you 
The good life is watching your dreams come true and having a life that you love . you don't have to be < PROPMALE > and famous to have a good life . the poorest man can be the happiest . it's all in what you do and who you have behind you 
You were my only one . But here I go screaming my lungs out trying to get to you . You are my only one . I let go but there is no one that gets me like you do . You were my only one . \ 
-Yellowcard . 
Someone give me a topic to write about on my next status ... First 5 topics I will write a status about 
Love is a powerful force that can not be destroyed . only time makes it grow stronger . its a bond that can never be broken . and if love is based on a lie then there will always be one broken heart 
Its never to late to change the wrongs . its never to late to make amends in your life . nothing is forever but that means that feelings are not forever too . its never to late to fix the broken past . and its never to late to fix a broken future . you just have to try and see the wrongs and mistakes . no one is perfect but it makes a better person out of you if you fix what you broke , because its never to late 
When i first saw you i thought ... \ 
would i date you ? \ 
Best feature ? \ 
Rate .. \ 
#like 
Lascivious men have one < PROPFEMALE > , and women fall prey . lies and empty feelings show through an overt door . with a < PROPFEMALE > filled there is nothing left to hold . and the women are left in ashes after getting played . but the sad thing is after they love a player , all the world is a stage . and the rest of us are mere actors in it 
Life is a love game . And I lost to many times to count . Love burns my tounge as I say it . Most people don't know the true feeling if love , and I thought I once knew but I still don't know it . So leave your love and take your happiness . Once you really find love then say it till then keep quite . The best words are the unspoken ones 
People always complain there life isn't good enough or they don't have what others have . guess what people , who cares what you have . you got a beating heart and air in your lungs . thats all you need in life . money , women/men , cars , material items mean nothing . be happy your alive 
If we all had perfect lives then we would have nothing to work for . we would never know what its like to earn or accomplish something important . life is meant to be worked towards . no amount of money can give you true happiness . you could spend all the money in the world and have no one or nothing to spend it with ... such a sad life then 
Im starting to look at colleges and there is a lot to know about them . i still got my goals for one college . Harvard University . they make it sound easy , but i really don't think it's that way 
Endings and goodbyes always hurt . as one door shuts it seems to be the end of all happiness , but in that pain we find a new open door with untold wonders . endings are just new beginnings arn't they < PROPFEMALE > Reynolds 
ugh i hate doing all this stupid homework . another long night doing homework 
Happy Easter Everyone . have a great day . 
I'll be the one who will never let you go . i will be the one who gives it all to you . let go and hold on to me . we will be the two with hearts beating faster . when the movie ends we can be the ever after . im just a boy and your < PROPFEMALE > . snow white in blue jeans . hey < PROPFEMALE > be mine 
Nobody really cares about your life and problems . we all seem to look after ourselfs and without help our problems bulid till they explode inside us . some people are happy , others are sad . life is life and problems part of it . you have to let everything out before it kills us all . words are meant to be spoken 
I will tell you your personality\ 
Tonight i want everyone to find themselves . i want everyone to go look in the mirror and see the person staring back at you . then i want you to write a new status saying what you see . show the world the real person you are . throw down your masks and let yourself shine bright . \ 
Like this status and do this . tag me so i can see the real you 
