sometimes i wonder why girls are so stupid and go back to dumb shit . 

09/09/09 ! 
san < PROPMALE > for the weekend :) 
is beyond sick ... slowly dying * tear * 
should i ... or shouldnt i ? :/ 
Today would have been a dope day for my boy to be born because of the date , 1-1-11 . Oh well ! Happy new year everyone !!! Enjoy your hangover <3 lmao 
como que ya no puedo dormir ... * sigh * what to do ... what to do ... 
is no longer a bridezilla :) 
have i told you lately that i love you ? 
has a lot on her mind ... 
in exactly one month things will change .... <3 
i hate chase ... stupid piece of shit ... 
so ... there are 20 days left ... 
only 10 more days ... starting to get those nervous feelings ... 
amar y querer no es igual ... amar es sufrir , y querer es gozar ... sigh ... 6 more days ... 
only 17 more hours .... <3 
smoke weed everyday .! 
new number :) 
work work work ... i miss my baby ... 
i'm not used to having one hour lunch breaks ... lol 
playing on my husbands ps3 lol 
i'm so happy right about now <3 
love and devotion grow as days pass and kisses multiply ... <3 
im tripping the fuck out .. i have my marriage license in front of me ... :O 
add me ... ps3 : lucyyy_7 
i want to go mimis :/ 
is going to work on that exercise plan now . lol 
i cant believe im about to cook some TITILES ... ewww ... ( mollejas ) look it up 
i cant believe chayanne tickets are over 400 dollars :( 
no work tomorrow so im sleeping in with my baby <3 
today is most def a good day :D 
I have to get used to this phone ... 
about to get my hair dyed dark burgundy red <3 
gasp ! < PROPFEMALE > babys daddy is due home in an hour or so and the rooms still a mess :/ sigh ... 
I hope my babe likes the mini surprise I got him :D hehe I love being a wifey 
ugh I can't believe I have a flat >:/ 
totally just woke up from a 4 hour nap and now on a hot date with the hubby haha 
damn french movies are low key kinda creepy ... 
my thingy is no longer lost . thank goodness !!! :D 
called the world for the cd my husband wants . finally found it at FYE after busting a mission . that low key makes me a good wife . lol 
gasp !!!! happy meals WON'T come with toys anymore !!!! 
i don't feel good at all :/ sigh ... 
some fucking day off this turned out to be . i'm awake and i don't even work today . >:| 
gambling is scary :( I don't like these machines ... even if I already won five dollars lol 
i was at a swapmeet and goldfish are now $5 a piece ... wtf !!! they use to be like . 25 cents back in the days !!!! 
heading out to a dodger game ... blehhhh -_- 
i low key wish i had an angels shirt to wear at the dodger game just to see what would happen . not that i'm an angels fan -_- 
I feel like I have a 21 year old son upstairs in our room playing video games . lol 
i wonder what would happen if i ____ you . 
yay ! i have insurance now :D i can finally get my glasses lol 
why do I feel sick ? :( 
I'm in the bubble without even trying to be in the bubble . tee < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
eating at a chinese buffet ... I wonder how many cats and dogs I've eaten thus far here o_O 
feeling somewhat better I guess ... but on the bright side I'm in my < PROPFEMALE>'s arms :) 
my sancha's home for the summer :D 
hmmmm ... monroe or lip ?? i'll see what i do :) 
i think i might just kill someone . >:| 
sigh ... ima be alone almost all weekend :( 
finally went to the gym with 2 of my fave people ... and now getting ready to knock out ... if i can :( 
my feet are killing me . -_- 
question of the day : what is the difference between sopa de pollo y caldo de pollo ? 
at the octopus sushi bar with the hubby and cousin 
I know everything happens for a reason but I can't help but feel nervous for what's to come . I love you family <3 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue ... however its something i don't have ... so let's see how everything turns out ... :/ 
quiero bunuelos !!!!!!!!!!! :/ 
watching < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland con mi < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I dislike it when people think we have money to throw away when in reality we work hard for what we have . >:| 
bunuelos + cacao = <3 
can't wait&hearts ; 
seeing the ultrasound today almost made me cry :) 
At BJ's celebrating Jessicas birthday :) 
Baby wants carne asada ... but mommy don't own a grill :( LAME ! 
i wish he was home ... i hate how our jobs separate us at times ... oh well ... gotta do what we gotta do for babyyyy 
I am totally not ready for all the ruckus that's going to happen in HP right now ... Damn mexico ... 
HP is worse than I thought . They're busting a mini parade on < PROPFEMALE > & pacific . Beware . 
I am NOT leaving my house now . I don't wanna die with those damn gun shots in the air . Lol 
i am debating on if i want to cook chancho or not ... lol 
The ER is scary :( and I can't believe I have to wear the robes that show your butt !!! 
Happy fathers day to all the dads out there including mine :) and also to the soon to be daddys like my hubby ! Love you <3 
morning sickness is a bit stronger this morning :( 
I wonder if the people we love who passed away watch over us ? Miss you mama chuy :/ 
I can't believe I'm actually watching a soccer game ! Lol 
On the bright side I don't have to worry about there being traffic in HP now :D I shall go out in peace ! 
Its getting super fucking annoying now ... I'm going to have to put a stop to it before they bust out with more bs . Ugh !!! 
Thank goodness my car was fixed <3 I now know what I want for my bday . New tires . 
Feeling worthless ... and sick :( 
I'm so happy I got to see my baby today :) and its heartbeat was so fast ! <3 
Going to the beach tomorrow :) I love you daddy <3 
Do not buy the steak quesadilla from pollo loco ... its so gross :/ they should stick to chicken ! Lol on the bright side my baby is buying me my 1st banana split :D 
Lmfao the only reason I got into the bar is cuz I told the bouncer I'm pregnant and I won't drink anyways . Lol 
Heading to knotts soak city :) 
If I have a boy I think I might just name him < PROPFIRST > , if I have a girl ... I really don't know but I like < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > :) 
forever 21 has a maternity section :O 
Its raining and I'm super fucking mad . Not cuz of the rain though ... 
I'm going back to school in September :) now I'm doing it for the future of my baby :) 
Idk if its me or the baby ... But I want a vanilla bean with extra extra extra extra caramel :( 
I am now 20 ... old enough to do NOTHING ... but its cool I'm preggers so its not like I was going to do anything :) lol 
Thank you so much for all the happy birthdays and blessings that were sent my way . You really made a hormonal pregnant chic feel special today :D lol 
Bowling was fun with co workers ... hilarious to see them all drunk ... haha loved it . 
I hate feeling nervous and scared ... my tummy starts hurting a lot :'( 
I think our baby might just be a dancer :P lol he/she was doing all these crazy moves today I swear it seemed like a rave was going up in me . Lol 
Bought my first baby items :) hehe 
Had my 1st street hot dog , the ones wrapped in bacon ... it was sooooooo good !!! Yum <3 
I wonder how big my baby is going to be since both me and hubby are over 5'8 lol 
August 2010 has 5 Sundays , 5 Mondays , 5 Tuesdays , all in 1 month . It happens once in 823 years . Lol 
If I have a girl I decided on the name Violetta . I'm not liking the middle name my hubby chose though -_- lol 
Eating thai food with my baby daddy :) lol then taking a nap . Hahaha having a baby drains a person ! 
I think its time I buy my first straightener . Lol 
Had a wonderful time with my babe last night celebrating his bday :) he ended buying me flowers though lol now off to do errands at school and blah blah :( 
Apparently my \pregnancy glow\ " says I'm having a girl . Lol the things people come up with " 
I really want an elote :( the ones that they put that cheese and idk what else on it !!! What do I do ?!?! The elote man doesn't pass by my house ever :'( 
An hour later I finally found the elote man , thank goodness now this baby has me peaceful once again lol 
Tear , does anyone have an extra verizon phone in good condition ?? 
I would think that this baby is asleep since its so late , but nope baby wants to tickle my insides instead . Lol 
Why does my body feel so hot at 6:45 in the morning ?! And I already took a cold shower !!! Ugh :/ 
Two people on my friends list just posted at the same time practically the same status about having a good shopping day and neither of them know each other . Weird -_- 
Its so hot idk what to do !!! :( I'm probably going to go window shopping just to be in an AC infested place . Tear ... hate this weather ... 
Does anyone know where you can get your dog cremated at this hour ? :( 
My car only sees the light of day at work , other than that its locked up in a garage . Someone has been scratching my car at work and I know who :) I hope < PROPFEMALE > gets them in whatever way :) hehe 
I hope my babe gets better and its nothing that serious :( going to have to hit the emergency room tomorrow ... sigh . :'( 
Why does it have to be so hot ?!?! I woke up grumpy -_- 
I don't feel good :( 
The worst part about going to the ER today was the fact that I was there for 5 hours getting different tests done . The best part about going to the ER was when the doctor told me my baby was ok . <3 
People complain because they get an early shift to work this week ; well I work at 6 am every Saturday . Lol 
Just woke up , feeling refreshed , my little monster is already moving , and I can't wait to spend all day with my hubby :) happy sunday <3 
Oh snap , school starts Tuesday ! I guess it's time to enrich my brain and hopefully my little ones at the same time too . Lol <3 
For some strange reason I kinda miss working retail . Lol 
My first ticket :( and all because I decided to go back to school ... 
( 500 ) Days of Summer . <3 
It sucks being stressed sometimes ... idk what the fuck ima do right about now ... -_- 
I love to feel my little monster move :) I love it even more when my hubby feels the baby <3 
Home alone again ... :'( 
Can't wait till he comes home <3 for now I'm going to watch cartoons to distract myself . Lol 
I know its too late to eat , but I'm hungry :( I want pancakes with sausage and hashbrowns !!!! :'( 
I guess being pregnant and going to norms alone at 3 in the morning has its perks . :) I got an extra sausage link , an extra pancake and a double helping of hashbrowns . :) yay ! Time to eat now !! :D and make my baby happy . <3 
Finally going to bed after I have my glass of orange juice . G'nite everyone <3 
< PROPMALE > Nye the Science Guy is on the Dr. Oz Show . Lmfao 
I <3 this weather . 
I'm ultra craving starbucks !!! And I'm sooooo sooooo happy !!!!! :D 
Well since they ruined the surprise for my husband already ( and it wasn't me ! ) I'm happy to say I'm having a little BOY <3 <3 <3 
Tear ... I guess I'm going to have to invest in some dope ass headphones and update my ipod for work now ... and there's no way I'm kissing ass ! -_- 
My husbands not very good at choosing boy names , or names in general . -_- I have no clue what to name my baby boy !!! I'm open for suggestions . Lol 
Does anyone know where I can download music for free that isn't virus prone but works similar to Limewire ?? Please and thank you . 
Grateful for good friends like @ < PROPFEMALE > Morales who just gave me a shitload of super cute baby boy clothes . Love ya girl . :) 
I'm still craving those damn burritos from school with the hot sauce :( idk how the hell I'm going to get my hand on at least one . Tear 
Dear little boy in my belly , \ 
Heartburn is not cool , especially not everyday . Give mommy a break . Lol 
I'm in class , ready to learn about buddhism this week <3 and trying to secretly eat cookies . Lol my little ones hungry hehe 
If there is an earthquake I just hope I'm dressed . Lmfao 
blackberrys are super fuckin LAME -_- can't wait to get rid of mine !! Lol 
Today is fan appreciation day at the dodgers stadium and our seats won a prize :D yay ! And the sun isn't hitting us either . Woot woot <3 
Class is out early !! :D I can go home , spend time with baby daddy , cook and watch my novela . Haha :) but 1st the teacher wants to see me after class about my maiden last name -_- lmfao 
i like it in my closet . 
I need more days off -_- today was a well deserved day off after a loooong week . Sigh 
Yay , early day out at work today ! Lol now to clean , wash , and cook . -_- 
i <3 chinese food !!!! Hehe going to go play pool with hubby later :) 
I had too much < PROPFEMALE > today !! Haha and I see my babys reacting from the sugar rush too . He hasn't stopped moving all day !!! :D 
lmfao !! i guess it was worth working for gamestop for a good minute . gamestop got sued and my share of the settlement is over $500 . hopefully enough people send in their claims because i sure am !! 
I just realized another way my little boy and hubby might be alike in . -_- hubby hates pasta , and I just realized I haven't had any cravings for it either ! Wtf !!! Lol 
Watching movies with wilber <3 
My throat hurts :( I don't want to be sick !!!! 
in n out is soooo yummy and inexpensive ! Lol <3 
I wish I had my little boy in my arms right now <3 3 more months to go . 
I'm going to watch \The Human Centipede\ " with the hubby . Idk if I'll be able to withhold my fright . -_- lol " 
I hope i dont regret going out tonight tomorrow when I'm at work -_- lol well at least I have Tuesday off ! Haha :D everyone be safe and use condoms :P 
One of my favorite episodes of I love < PROPFEMALE > is on ... Vitameatavegamin . :) 
The McRib is apparently back now . I've never had one ... maybe I should consider it . Lol 
I can't believe the unlimited pancakes are over with . -_- I guess seasonal pancakes it is . :) 
I can't drink juice anymore :( damn water retention !!!! 
i love love love this weather <3 perfect weather to snuggle close to your loved one :D hehe cant wait till my gordito comes home from work .. he promised to keep me warm :) 
I just bought some oreos to eat before I clock in ! Yummy :) 
Yay , we have a red Wii now . :) 
My little boy has hiccups <3 
3 day weekend :) 1st saturday I have off since March haha yay :) 
These past days I've been having the most vivid dreams , I swear I wake up confused as fuck . Lol 
Hmm ... what's a good middle name that goes with < PROPFIRST > ? ._. Baby name choosing is hard ! 
Even bad ass makeup doesn't cover famous peoples bad acne and pimples !! :/ thank goodness I don't have to go through that . 
I've been sick for a week already -__- 
I am thankful for the wonderful family and friends that I have ... and for my little boy who doesn't stop kicking me <3 hope everyone has a safe and happy day . :) 
Played over two hours the wii today with my baby <3 damn donkey kong is addicting !! lol 
I wish our little boy were here already in bed with me and his daddy :) but since he's not , I'm getting my belly rubbed by my love . Hehe :D 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a \ 
cartoon from your childhood , and invite your friends to do the same . \ 
Until Monday next week , we hope to see less human faces on Facebook , but \ 
an invasion of childhood memories . This is for awareness of Violence \ 
against Children , a great cause . 
Watching \The Nightmare Before Christmas\ " <3 and eating a footlong . Haha :D " 
Had a wonderful random lunch date with Shushanik at Island's today . Thank you for the food hun , love you <3 
If my guy doesn't decide on a name for our little boy this weekend , I will !!! Lol 
My baby boy has his name . :D < PROPMALE > finally made up his damn mind last night . Lol 
I'm officially enrolled back into cal state !! :D I chose my classes and everything . Yay !!!!! I start school January 3 <3 
My little boy has a butt < PROPFEMALE > like his dad , but from the little he let us see of the rest of his face ... its all me . Poor baby is gunna look like his momma lmao 
Who would have thought that there was a good sushi place right by my house . ( P.S. I live in little Mexico lmao ) 
My feet are so damn swollen ! :( Idk how the heck I'm going to wear or better yet fit into my shoes for work tomorrow . Sigh ... 
Making the baby shower list with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
About to take my final for class and this week I don't really fit in the desk that well cuz of my belly . Hahaha >.< 
What's a good sight seeing place to take people to when they've never ever been to LA ? 
Are you a music lover , but do not own an iPod to put all your music in ?! Or are you a DJ in need of an iPod with a lot of memory to put your mixes in ?! Well then you're in luck ! Haha why ? Because I'm selling my iPod Classic 160 gb and its the newest model . I got it not so long ago but have no use for it and it is in like new condition . Hit me up if you're interested !! <3 
Making pancakes for me and < PROPMALE > <3 
Blahhhh !! I need a verizon phone -__- 
I don't remember when was the last time I had a headache this horrible :'( ugh I need to go home ... 
Locked out of my house -__- 
To whoever celebrates christmas , < PROPFEMALE > christmas . To the people who don't care , hopefully you at least got gifts . Lol 
Man oh man I'm starting to waddle WORSE than a penguin -__- lol 
Getting random pains :( ugh I'm done with being pregnant now ... no energy left ... sigh 
I don't like the Kaiser doctor who just helped me out ; she was a total BITCH :( I even cried lmao 
why is school so expensive ???... and to top it off fees just keep going up !!! :/ oh well now I really do have to keep going for my little one .... 
At the doctors , super bored and light headed ... sigh still have a looooong time to wait . Damn glucose test !! -__- 
Tonight is the 1st night my little monster doesn't let me sleep . Lol then again it is my fault for eating 2 push pops not so long ago . Hahaha 
At the DMV enjoying a huge cup of fruit with chile and limon for breakfast :) 
Today is my LAST day of work . YAY !!! Maternity Leave here I come ... Lmao 
Who knows good baby shower games ?? Lol we have a few already but we wanna see if there's any unique ones out there :P 
Wow , you know you're completely outta shape when you walk from one end of csula to the other end and you're hella tired , outta breath and your ankles just swelled up really bad -__- 
Eating homemade sopes at marisols house :) yum yum yum 
Wow feels good to sleep in and not be stressed out about work or anything . :) now all I have to do is pay attention in class and wait for baby < PROPFIRST > to make his grand entrance to this world . Lmao I'm in such a good mood today <3 
I had a dream I was breast feeding last night ... I think I'm ready for him to come out . Lmao just not today !! 
People coming to my house today ... there will be an abundance of tacos !!!! So bring an appetite !!! I'm serious . Lol 
Extremely exhausted from yesterday , but I had fun . Baby < PROPFIRST > , you can come out now ; everyone got lovely gifts for you and they're ready to be used !! :) lol 
the iphone comes out for verizon tomorrow .... i wish i was < PROPMALE > and could afford it :( lol so whos getting it ?! 
I go to school in slippers :) everyone stares at me ... but I don't think its because of my slippers lmao 
Time to clean my room and make room for the baby and all his toys and clothes my friends&family got him . :) I seriously don't need to buy him toys or clothes for a looooong while . Lol 
i really want to go back to wearing my skinny jeans and some TOMS -__- lol almost there , almost there !!!!! 
My car got a bad ass cleaning today , inside and out lol :D We had to wait 2 hours but it was soooo worth it ; looks brand new ... except for the fender bender in the front . Hehe 
Who wears heels to school ?! I understand you want to look \cute\ " ... but heels ?!?! Lmao " 
My babys carseat came just now :D < PROPFIRST > you can come out now cuz I can take you home from the hospital if you do !! Hehe :D 
