is hoping her big brother is feeling much better . 

I'm running around today like I have lost my mind ! I guess my friends would say that that believe that I never had one in the first place ... lol . 
Well , I'm doing pretty well . Just a little frustrated at the moment . I'm trying to find a teaching job , but everyone else is too ! lol . 
I'm excited about my Gatlinburg trip ! Typing on a friends computer as she gets ready . She's running behind , as usual . lol ;) 
I don't want to go home ! I have had a blast , but tonight is our last night in Gatlinburg . It is definitely going to become a ritual for us to stay at the brand new < PROPMALE > Garden Inn and spend a few days relaxing every so often . 
Ugh ! I seriously need a new life , one that includes a teaching job ! I am so tired of saying that ! lol 
Just had a phone interview with a school in < PROPFEMALE > , Texas just a little while ago ! Seemed to go really well , so I'm hopeful .... The principal has also scheduled a follow up interview for Monday to see how me and my would-be mentoring teacher click . Pray , p 
Going out to dinner with Stace , < PROPFEMALE > , and my mom . My brother is meeting us up there and is paying . Wahoo ! I think he just wants to get a look at < PROPFEMALE > in person . Lol ! 
Well , I officially got the job offer today ! I am now a 3rd grade teacher in < PROPFEMALE > , Texas ! Yay ! 
Just turned down the job in Texas . I know . I know . I just don't want to go to Texas . It's just too far away for me , so my butt is going to stay right here , and wait on the job that I really want . Even if that means waiting awhile and just going on to grad 
Looking forward to seeing the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie tomorrow night ! Wahoo ! 
Trying to find out which direction needs to be taken is a mind boggling prospect . I'm fixin ' to head up to UT with some friends to find out some info on grad school . Wish us luck ! 
Looking forward to hangin out with some of my favorite people tonight ! Watching some movies , eating junk food , and hanging with best friends is an excellent way to spend an evening , don't ya think ? 
The Graduate Program at UT is really getting on my last frickin ' nerve right now ! 
Been forever since I've been on here , but just wanted to let ya'll know that I made it into the Grad program at UT . Go Vols ! Anyway , classes seem like they are going to be very interesting . I have a Dramatic Storytelling class ;) and a class about Autism . To all my Tech friends , you all definitely need this Autism class . Hope this post finds everyone doing great ! 
Heading to the < PROPFIRST > Urban/Sugarland concert tomorrow and I'm getting pretty excited ! 
Sitting in my autism class . Very interesting . Really . 
I need a new computer ! Mine is total crap ! It locked me out ! How in the world do you get locked out of your own computer ? Leave it to me to do it . Lol 
I think my brother and is girlfriend should sacrifice some alone time and take me with them on their cruise . It's what a LOVING brother would do ... 
I'm so excited ! I now have internet at home ! No more running to Roane State every single time I need something ! lol 
I am so stressed ! Projects due in two classes , working two jobs , ( my own fault I know ) , family time , boyfriend time .... can I have some sleep time ? lol 
I'm sitting in my dramatic storytelling class , soaking wet . It came a downpour right before I got to campus and I don't have an umbrella . Walked uphill to my class in the pouring rain . Ah , woe is me . lol . And no , I don't want any cheese with this whine . 
Not looking forward to a stupid presentation tomorrow . 
Have a cold due to kids sneezing and coughing on me . Sanitizer is my very good friend but it hasn't entirely fought off the Boogey Man . Literally . 
Recently discovered Starbuck's Caramel Apple Spice drink that they have . Love it ! If you love apples and caramel , you need to get this drink . Just wait a bit for it to cool down though . 
Just got out of the shower . Taking some cold medicine and going to bed . Ya'll have a wonderful night . 
Currently in murder mode . Keep all sharp objects and Special < PROPMALE > . Professors away from me ! 
Ugh ! Just had a test in my Autism class . I'm so over tests and this was only my first one ! Definitely was not my favorite way to spend my night . 
I love God , my family , my friends , my country , but I am seriously hating school . 
Fixin to watch a re-run of tonight's dancing with the stars . Missed it while i was @ class . 
Trying to decide what to do today . Go to K-ville and browse the stores , stay @ home and have a Smallville marathon ... hmmm . Guess I'll take a shower and decide afterward . @ least I'll feel all nice and clean ! lol 
Just talked with a great friend of mine , < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFIRST > ) Moir . She graduated from National Guard this weekend , heading to Tech school @ 3 in the morning . I'm so proud of her ! Please pray for all our soldiers , both in training and out . 
Got an \A\ " on my Autism test ! Yay ! " 
If you like children's books , you NEED to read \The Empty Pot\ " by Demi . It is a great book ! " 
Too tired to think . Mind is on shut down thanks to my Autism class assignment . Maybe tomorrow will be better ... Oh wait ! I have Autism class tomorrow ! Oh joy ! 
Fixin to watch Dancing With the Stars results show . I'm excited . I know , I'm a geek . But at least I embrace it ! lol 
Has anyone seen/played with the new Samsung TI225 camera that has the front and back LCD screen ? Want a camera for my vacation , and need to find a good one that will take high quality pics without being more than about 350 . Any feedback would appreciated . 
Just got off early from my 2nd job , and I am tuckered out . 
Had a great day of shopping with my great mom and my great friends . Now I'm paying for it , cause I have homework due tomorrow . Argh ! 
To all the people who are talking in my class . All I hear is BLAH , BLAH , BLAH . All the chatter is pointless . 
Life asks of you what it thinks you can handle . God asks of you what He knows you can handle . 
Has anyone been to FrightWorks in Knoxville ? I want to go get scared to death with some very special friends . Any feedback would be appreciated . 
I hope everyone has a lovely Sunday ! 
hates writing article reviews . 
My boyfriend and my best friend are fighting over vanilla tootsie rolls . Hilarious ! 
Good luck to all my favorite techies about their placements tomorrow ! You all rock ! 
Let's see how honest FB friends are ... Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting :) please keep it going . It is fun 
is headed to knoxville for my b-day . Not exactly sure what I'm going to do , but I'm sure going to have fun doing it ! lol 
Haven't been on here in a couple of days , but I just wanted to say thanks for all the wonderful happy birthday wishes that I received on Wednesday . You guys are the best ! 
Do I really need my masters ? This is a day when I'm ready to say NO ! lol . I must laugh , otherwise , I'll cry ( which is not a pretty sight ! ) . 
I did get some good news yesterday .... I won the < PROPMALE > to buy two New < PROPFEMALE > premier tickets . I'm excited ! The tickets are a little steep , but it goes to special needs children , so it's so worth it ! 
The past is concrete , today is transient , tomorrow is mysterious . 
Just wanted to say \Yay Colts ! \ " That was a close one ! " 
Guys , I have a killer Autism test tonight . I'm so not feeling good about it , but I'm going to try to improve my outlook . Maybe that will help . =) Pray very , very hard for me please ! 
Fixin to leave to < PROPFEMALE > out with the best women on the planet , my Tech girls ! 
ia sooo tired . And not wanting to do homework . 
is wishing my Autism class were already over . I'm hungry ! 
66 more days until I'm in New York ! OR 65 , if you go go my friend < PROPFEMALE>'s kooky logic . lol 
I believe everything happens for a reason . People change so that you can learn to let go . Things go wrong , so that you appreciate them when they're right . You believe lies , so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself . Sometimes good things fall apart so that better things can fall together . 
If I don't get a < PROPMALE > to get on here tomorrow , I hope everyone has a Happy and Safe Thanksgiving ! Be safe on Black Friday as well . There are a lot of old ladies with shopping carts who will mow you over to save a dollar ! 
Never run away from your problems , because once you have to face them again it'll be twice as hard to overcome . 
Autism ... the death of my academic hopes ? Let's hope not ! Hope I pass this dreaded test ... 
Nothing better than spending the day with people you love ! 
I'm not a perfect girl . My hair doesn't always stay in place & I spill things a lot . I'm pretty clumsy & sometimes I have a broken heart . My friends & I sometimes fight & maybe some days nothing goes right . But when I think about it & take a step back I remember how amazing life truly is & that maybe , just maybe , I like being imperfect . 
A word that decribes me is___________ 2 . If you really know me then you know that i love___________ 3 . But i can't stand____________ . Copy and paste this in your status to see what people have to say about you .... 
Sometimes I pretend to be NORMAL , but it gets boring so I go back to being ME . =) 
I hope everyone had a fun and blessed Christmas ! 
is driving her best friend insane . He He He ! 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends !! Before you do that , answer for me ...... PLEASE participate ! This should be fun & in some cases scary ! 
is starting the new semester tomorrow at UT . Already over it . Is that bad ? lol 
I say < PROPFIRST > Kiffin needs to be lynched ! 
My Mamaw < PROPFIRST>'s wings ( unseen but always known to be there ) have taken her to meet our Father in Heaven . 
is the most amazing girl you'll ever meet . seen as the ' best friend ' and the one you can talk to about anything . Definitely trust-worthy , loud , sympathetic , fun all the time , and most of the time gets along with everyone . According to urbandictionary.com, that is . :) 
is getting ready to go to class ... ugh ! 
research design class as murder weapon . Hmmmm ... 
Had to take a break from Research earlier , so I made me a Snowman ! 
is not content with the world , cause my world is comprised of ( and only ) Grad school . 
tired of waiting for the subbing professor to make an appearance . how long are you supposed to wait before being able to skidaddle on home ? 
Therapy is expensive . Popping bubble wrap is cheap . 
It's movie line week here on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie . Here's mine . - “I can’t believe I just gave my panties to a geek . ” 
is hearing BLAH , BLAH , BLAH and nothing else . 
is soooo sad that Spring Break is over . Where did the time go ? 
is tired of doing homework . Gonna take a break and go make some macaroni goulash . It's yummier than it may sound . =) 
“I pretty much try to stay in a constant state of confusion just because of the expression it leaves on my face . ” - < PROPFIRST > Depp 
Everyone has a photographic memory . Some just don't have any film . 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . 
I am a hamster on the wheel that is my life . 
Gets aggravated @ money grubbing , whining , pity me relatives . 
Heading to eat some delicious food at Kan Pai of Tokyo with a group of the best girlfrineds . Yum yum ! 
I have my hooding ceremony tomorrow for my Masters Degree in Elementary < PROPMALE > . Kind of excited , but is thinking that my family is going to be bored . 
Heading out for a night on the town with my girls ! 
is worried about school , my friends , and life . 
fixing to put some BBQ ribs on the grill , eat with my wonderful family , then settle in for the night and cheer on my favorites on Dancing with the Stars ! 
I am a woman on a mission , and nothing can stop me . I am stronger than ever . I am going to see this through , whatever it takes . I will do what I gotta do . 
Has mistakenly signed up for month long torture . 
My comprehensive finals are DONE ! 
Things to wish for ... A's in my classes , good health , time with family and friends , a good vacation come August , and the return of my sanity ( along with my good mood ) . Hmmm ... sounds like a journal entry . lol 
Love is always bestowed as a gift-freely , willingly , and without expectation . We don't love to be loved ; we love to love . 
is so sick ... 
Going insane - don't know whether to scream or cry . I'm about to do both ... 
lpreview ! I know , I know . Im a geek . =) 
Passed all my comps ! As long as i pass my last classes in the next few weeks , im done with grad school ! Yay ! 
Walking around UT . Nothing to do . Looking at the still unfinished Neyland Stadium . They better have it done before it's Football Time in Tennessee ! 
Happy Independence Day everyone ! Enjoy you're freedom and think about everything that's happened to get us here . Be safe and enjoy today ! 
< PROPFIRST > one off the Bucket List . Just got through flying a Cessna ! 
Ever wonder why age bothers people ? My mom turned 49 and said she's growing no older . I told she better hope she does , otherwise I'm gonna kick her butt ! So here is to many more Happy Birthday's to my Mama ! 
Chillin with my dad at Rosies Mexican Cantina in Huntsville , < PROPMALE > . Waiting on some chimichangas ... all is good . 
Ok . Let's have some fun in Aeronautics class , then on to a haircut . YAY ! 
Taking off in a refueling jet , flying south . Pretty cool ... 
Heading off for my last day of grad school . After today , I have a Masters degree ! 
Got a call about going for a teacher interview . Its in Alabama . The principal refuses to do phone interviews . Just shows my luck . 
Possibly has a < PROPMALE > to broaden her cultural horizons through teaching ... 
Anyone want a beautiful , FREE , pure-blood < PROPFEMALE > Retriever ? My neighbor has two males , 4 months old that she needs to find good homes for . The parents are on sight . They are smart , sweet , energetic , and did I mention FREE ? 
is tired . Gonna take a little nap ... 
Is about to watch Inception . =) 
Well , the Highway 127 yard sale is a complete washout . It is storming something fierce up here ! 
Needs a job . A good job . 
Just ate at Wok < PROPFEMALE > in Lenoir City . One word : DELECTABLE ! 
Just had a father/daughter night . Watched the Expendables and broadened my dad's culinary horizon by eating at Wok < PROPFEMALE > . It's been a good night . 
My < PROPFEMALE > just bought me a very nice pair of Nikes . He's so sweet . =) 
It takes skill to trip over flat surfaces and even more skill to trip UP the stairs 
I am now a teacher of 3 year olds @ Ebenezer Children's Academy ! 
Woo Hoo ! Go Big Orange ! Give ... him ... 6 ! Im so happy that it's Football Time in Tennessee !!! 
Grillin some steaks & shrimp , and playing some Corn Hole with my family . I'm content . 
Anyone know how to care for a newborn rabbit ???? 
Loved my Date Night with my < PROPFEMALE > . Watched Resident Evil 3D . Pretty good ... 
Hates cleaning out her closet . 
Grilled filet , family time , and Tennessee Football . Life is good . 
Getting ready to watch Dancing with the Stars ! As far as reality TV is concerned , it's my guilty pleasure ... 
Went to buy a movie and the lady @ Wal Mart didn't think I was old enough . Thought I was 16 , instead of being about to turn 27 . Lol . 
Hates going to a \mandatory\ " work meeting . " 
Grillin ' some ribs , then I'm going to watch Dancing with the Stars ! Nice way to spend a rainy day ... 
Hates drama ... unless it's on TV . 
Off to see what Saturday holds for me . Hopefully some pleasant surprises , including a Vols Victory over the LSU Tigers ! 
Got into a fight with my closet door . I lost due to a blindside hit . Now I've gotta have my glasses realigned . 
Had the Tiger by the tail and it turned around and bit us . 
My friends , please pray for my Aunt . She's in the hospital and it is not looking good . 
Appreciates the fact that I have friends that don't expect me to pretend to be something I'm not . 
Ready for home . Ready for food . Ready for bed . 
An old wooden , recycled church pew does not feel good on the behind . That's what I've been sitting on for about 7 hours a day for the past few days . Can one get a flat butt from this ? That's all I need ... * sigh * 
Sitting at Senor Frog's in < PROPFEMALE > Beach watching conga lines and restaurant goers get up n start dancing ... 
Went down to the beach , stood in the ocean surf , & watched the Sun brighten the world . What a glorious way to start the day ! 
It's LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who makes you laugh , wipes your tears , hugs you , watches you succeed , sees you stumble , cheers you on , and keeps you strong , post this . Sisters are friends forever . Put this on your status if you have an amazing sister . 
2 days off + the new season of Bones on DVD = a Happy < PROPFIRST > 
I want to thank all of my friends & family that wished me a Happy 27th Birthday . I really appreciate & love all of you ! =) 
Just got through working 8 hours , now I'm headed into my 2nd job to work 5 more . Oh joy ... 
Harriman Fire Department is having a haunted house attraction @ 609 roane street . Just saw it advertised , and i'm fixin to try it out ... 
Everyperson has 100 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : To Get Better !!!! I know 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died of cancer or those who are still fighting . 
Just received a late birthday present from the best sister ever , Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > Merrifield ! She \coauthored\ " a book entitled Vampire Kisses and had it starring me and < PROPMALE > as the lead characters . I didn't even know that was possible ! Very neat process . Now off to read my book ... :) " 
“I know God will not give me anything I can’t handle . I just wish that He didn’t trust me so much . ” ~ Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
What am I hearing ? Why , I think it's < PROPMALE > Top ! Go Vols ! 
Sitting in the theater , waiting for my < PROPMALE > potter movie to start & just realized I'm so happy I'm a HP geek , not a freak . 
I hope all of my facebook family & friends had a happy & blessed Thanksgiving ! 
This shopping train is pulling out of the station ... whoot whoot ! 
* Child abuse awareness week * Change your profile picture to your favorite childhood cartoon character ! Mine is CARE BEARS ! Care Bear share ! 
Know its a strange day when my mom is trying to do the robot dance ... 
< PROPFEMALE > ringing for the salvation army @ the kingston food city . Come give ! 
If you could describe me in one word what would it be ? if you are brave enough , set this as your status and see what you get !! 
Sitting @ home on a snowy day . Just started watching \Easy A\ " . Let's see if it makes the grade ... " 
As its a snowy day , I'm seeing pajamas , hot chocolate , and a movie day in my future ! 
Here's wishing my Mom & Daddy < PROPMALE > a very happy 19th wedding anniversary ! You all are the best ! 
Fixing to watch Nic Cage's new movie , Season of the Witch . No expectations , just hoping for a good time . 
Redbull & Gin 
No Strings Attached is the most HILARIOUS movie ! Love it ! 
Life was so much more simple when the only drama you had to worry about was who got the sharpest crayon ... 
What I wouldn't do for just a < PROPFEMALE > bit of my students ' energy . I would never get tired . They're like the energizer < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Open House at SailAway Learning & Academy tonight , 4-7 . 106 Amour Rd ., Kingston . It's right by the interstate . Come check us out if your child needs an alternative to public education . 
Student Loan ... Shopping ... Student Loan ... Shopping ... STUDENT < PROPFEMALE > ! First student < PROPFEMALE > for grad school just got paid . It wasn't due yet , but better than wasting it . Sometimes I hate being a responsible adult ... 
Is officially TIRED . Her sheep are no longer able to jump over the fence . Instead , they are running into it . 
Love having a little one on one shopping/dinner time with my Mama . 
This has been a great day ! I have a tutoring student who told me a few weeks ago that she didn't want to learn how to read . I then started reading Dr. Seuss & other such books with her , using silly voices & such . Today she read me a book by herself & tells me that reading is so much fun ! Awww ! 
is experiencing Monday for the second time this week . C'mon Friday ! 
Hello , Friday ! I missed you ... 
Is in one of those moods . If you don't want the truth , don't ask me . If you want something sugarcoated , go eat a donut . 
I'm officially on SRING BREAK ! 
Just a few more hours until my little sis gets here , then let the fun begin ! :) 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you are against bullying . 
Am I the only one who thinks UT made a big mistake in firing < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ? He made a mistake yes , but he breathed life into a dead program . Maybe they should fire < PROPFIRST > Hamilton & make < PROPMALE > Fulmer the Athletic Head . 
T minus 2 hours until Dancing with the Stars ! It's my only reality show vice , so people will just have to excuse me for displaying my geekiness with pride . 
