Is fufilling her first promise for the new year . Looking up colleges . Alone . T^T but I can tough it through ... Maybe if someone colleged based , not bound , could help me , i do have a couple of questions to ask . 

|sitting outside my window , watching the rain fall , doodling happily away on my paper . dad tourchuring the dog , mum just complaining , eventually to yell up to me to go fix it all . with one glance I see ; with one thought , I smile . My red string looped arou 
CRAAAAAAAAP ! MESSANGER SAYS \ youve excedded the limit of talking . no more for you . bleh >:\ " P \ " GWARSG DARN YOU FACEBOOK ! I HAVE ALOT OF FRIENDS !!! " 
| Why the hell does this have to happen ? Espicially this soon ! Didnt you just get here ? Didnt we just meet , hanging out with all our other friends in this row ?... Everyone is gone ... The past has left me behind ... Soon those demons will be knocking on my doo 
is more determined the freaking ever to make a diglet cosplay . anyone wanna be my dugtrio ~ <3 it would be cool to go off together to harajuku as a dugtrio with someone ... 
wot is with these animes and mangas having such lame ending ? I mean , come on . Skip beat , you seriously dissapoint me . Im going back to Pokemon . Atleast there is no ending to dissapoint me >:{ 
A picture may say a million words , and in a lifetime , a human could talk more than double that amount , but in silence does everything really come together . In silence do we couples slowly fall more in love with one another . In silence do we honor the dead 
#O @ LOORD HELP ME ! IM BECOMING LIKE < PROPFEMALE > AND PARIZ ! SO NO TO THE PRON TATY ! SO NO TO THE PRON ! 
has a LOOOOONG night ahead of her . babysitting till 8 in the next mornin .... this would be easier if i had someone else here who could keep me awake . PARIZ ! WHY DONT YOU LIVE NEXT TO ME ???!?! 
|The world we live is technology based . We have become dependent of these gadgets for everyday life . We feel as if these simple things that we take for granted were gone , we couldnt live a life has happy as we do now . However , when you wake up with the earth , a 
THANK YOU SOOO MUCH PARIZ < PROPFEMALE > JACKS ! T^T its amazing wot a change of hairstyle can do to a person . I HAVE SO MUCH MORE CONFIDENCE IN MYSELF NOW ! WOOT WOOT ! I cant wait to try out something ive been wanting to for a long time . GO GOOEY EYES ! 
has about 400+ photos to upload . UUGGHHHH ! T @T 
is dead beat tired , anf feels really drained for some unknown reason . and i cant shake this feeling off of me . this wierd dark feeling trailing close behind me . i feel like woteva it is , its sucking the energy outta me . 
is having a `everything ust go` yard sale . T^T anyone wanna buy my < PROPMALE > book collection ? its 66 boooks wide T^T 
| The money burning in my pocket , I watch the little girl walk off with a part of my soul . ~ sigh ~ Im gonna miss this all . But after today , Ive realized something . I havent changed in the least . Truthfully , Ive only improved on myself . ~ my time no longer h 
< PROPFEMALE > gave birth ! Im so happy ! Plus , her love and trust in me has grown so much deeper ! She actually caressed my hand ! ^\\\\\\ . \\\\\\^ ~ <3 who would guess that a stray cat would love a human ? But I wonder who is the father ? Ringtail ? 
Ugh . I just cant get it in my head that im leaving this house . It just doesnt seem like its gonna happen . Wasnt it just yesterday that i was walking around my house , living my life ever so peacefully , with not a care on my mind . I feel like i just got to 
~ sigh ~ lifetime turns into milliniums , milliniums turn into decades , decades turn into years , years become weeks , weeks become days , which turns into hours , which minute , to seconds , then finnaly , into memories . As you lay beside me , I can think of no one 
| Starting tommorow at 11'o clock , I will be boarding the Narita bus to be leave this AWWWWSOOME place of majic , love , and WONDER ! If you would like to come and visit me , I will be very happy . In front of the PSD , that ish where i will be . And if i dont t 
EVERYBODY ! TODAY AT 11 , I AM LEAVING !!!! SEE YALL THERE ! 
is sitting inside the airport , happily thinking about her friends . my plane leaves at 6'o clock in the afternoon , and i hope you will look to the sky , and think of me . And i will never forget any of you , nor will i ever forget this wonderful land . thank y 
UGH ! FINNALY ! IVE BEEN SOOO LONG AWAY FROM MY FACEBOOK ! i miss all of you , dont get me wrong . but im glad i got away from all of you .... JOKING ! i would never say that . im hungary .... dont worry people , im working on coming back to Japan sometimes . and i do think of you every day . 
|Aboard the back of the robot shall we fly , high , high , higher into the sky . The sun on our back , and the stars in our eyes , we head towards Laputa . In my bag , a loaf of bread I baked , in our hearts , the memory of the lights below . A peaceful world we will create , something of happiness and joy , just the three of us . Yet the day will come , and Laputa will fall , and become one with the stars , but home is where you are . 
|Heistant heart , be gone . Doubtful mind , release . The time has come to shine , to spread my wings , to throw my voice to the stars , to stand in the light . And if i heisitate for the tiniest second , all the good wishes and strength everyone has given to me will fade away . | I will be able to sing the national anthem in front of the whole school before the softball game . HEAR MY ROAR < PROPMALE > ROBINS BIATCHES !!! 
Remember the box ? Remember the storm ? All those dark things clouding my mind are gone , and all that is left is the memory of stars , and burning coals . Times have changed , and I have grown in so many ways . Yet , why does my heart feel so heavy ? Why do I feel this heavy tirbulation when I think of love , or my future . Please , no more love songs . No more couples . Its all to simple , to unreal , to ... to .. fake . 
I remember us in the air , flying around on our paper wings , laughing and talking , speaking of the days when our real wing would grow . Sure enough , my time came , and I was so excited . Everyone told me I would temporarily lose my paper wings , have to walk upon land for a while , and it would be dangerous . But I payed no heed . Now I sit , chained , shackled , grounded , listening to the soft sound of paper wings , and laughter . 
would anyone like a courtesy fart ? xDDD 
sorry jacks babes . and < PROPFIRST > if you get on . i cant talk tonight . i have to furnish my house , and its gonna be crazy . loves ! ~ <3 
UGH ! FORGETIT ! FACKBOOK IS BEING A JERK ! IM GETTING OFF ! bye everyone ! i love you ~ <3 
Okay , as everybody should know , < PROPFEMALE > makes the crappiest sushi . My mum and i go into a resturant , and at this point , i know < PROPFEMALE > n sushi sucks . But we try a plate anyway . And it was okay . It was a spicy crab roll ,, filled with bread crumbs . But then i order shrimp curry , and they give me friend rice , and my mum had ordered fried rice and something else , and her rice is white much . Can someone explain that to me ??? 
Just got the script to the new play in taking part of , and I have a total of five lines . Nice to know that everybody was lying saying I was good . Im just going to tell everybody now , even if I do suck enough to be given only five lines , my love for the stage has only broadened ( sp ? ) . Im so tired of never being the best , just being second par to people . Yall better watch out . Cause now Im serious . 
HEY PARIZ ! PARIZ ! WIFE ! FATHEAD ! GET THIS ! remember when my mum was yelling at me saying that my phone < PROPMALE > s was over $100 , and that i need to start cutting back my time talking to you , or i will have to pay for the < PROPMALE > myself , right ? well ., it turns out she forget to tell me that 80 of those dollars goes to the cost of owning the phone . Why the hell did she buy my such an expensive and stupid phone ?? 
I sit in my room , looking up to the ceiling , stealing sidelong glances at my loves asleep on the bed . I watch his hairy chest rise and fall , and watch as a little bubble of snot comes out of his nose . I laugh at the fact that the second he layed down on my bed , he was fast asleep . I touch his forehead gently , and smile as he twitches , smacks his lips , and drools a little . ~ sigh ~ i love my dog . 
FOR ALL WHO WANNA KNOW , I NOW HAVE A MEEBO ~ i rhymed ~ a meebo has webcam access , plus mic , so we can call comp to comp . Look me up , my username ish Panda_monium 
Arr . Yes lass , I be marooned . No one has sent me a sailin . But wot do I care . Im a pirate . Being a pirate mean i ' ave a ' eart of steel , and a booty of gold ! Yes .. A ' eart of steel . Might feel a sliverin ' of cold mate , but nothin a lil whiskey can do fer ya ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ~ oh so tired , oh so cold , and oh so tired of these stupid hiccups . i should just go to bed < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , demo ... something ish picking at me ... maybe im just hungry .... stupid hiccups .... 
Hey hey everybody ! i have jokes for you . What happened why the I-only-go-solo spy went on a misson with his friend ? They didn't duet . Do you get it ?? xDD Oh , and my mum acctauly said this to me , and she calls me dumb . ~ looks at the motion detector light ~ Geeze , that thing is like a motion detector . It just comes on ! >.> 
lalalaalala .. looking at my tasty bowl of fruitloops . lallaalaa .. i like fruitloops .. sucha sweet but nice cereal ... prefect breakfast dish ... but stupid cats keep drinking out of my bowl , especialy this stupid jealous one ... lalalala ... maybe i should just get another bowl ?? is it okay to beat a cat down over a bowl of cereal ? 
I see you walking towards me through the fog , blurry by the thick air . The powerful way you walk , the gorgeous way you swag your hips , an image of pure beauty . My eyes strain to see you , but my ears have no need , for your voice rings out loud and clear . This far sound , to which i am drawn , sends chills down my spine . The lights come on , and I watch myself die in your eyes . The voice i heard , is now my own . From it says\Ive arrived \"" 
~ sigh ~ you can tell that you have nothing better to do when you find yourself reguarly changing this stupid thing . I feel like im floating around in that vaccum cleaner again , just this time the porn director isnt there , neither is < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > . nor loverly old ... old ... wot was his name again ? Who cares , i didnt flirt with him ... that was my sister . limbo sucks 
I achieve , yet I managed to fail them . The unspoken words go misunderstood , and in the end , im the one in the wrong , while im doing right . You say im full of anger , but how can i be mad , when there is no one standing beside me to be mad at . Loneliness . Overpowering sadness . Paste a bandaid on my heart , and push into me false hope , and happiness . So why am I so sad ? Becuase i miss being happy . 
Wants to take a nice long showing , and step out a new person . Within this break , I must learn how to be fierce and sexy , how to dance , how to shine , how to act , how to sang not sing , and most importantly , how to be alot more confident in wot i do . ~ sigh ~ Pariz , where the hell are you ? I need you to do all thiss ! 
Okay .. okay .. okay ... Ill honestly admit , i missed thoes little paper cups you get at Burger < PROPMALE > , or just burger joints , that you use to fill up with ketchup . But for seans sake , why do they have to be so ungoldy small ? I like my ketchup ! Wot if Godzilla came brushing by with DK , and they had a plate of fries . Wotchu gonna do naow ? 
has been feeling like she has been chocking on her own throat all day , and i think i might be im just chocking on some burb air . ftw .... 
Desperatly wants to make a parfait , and some sushi , but wants to eat ramen . ARGH ! JAPAN ! IM HUNGRY ! COME BACK TO < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Trip her own house alarm , runs around freakin out looking for her phone , is so worried about the po po coming that she doesn't notice that it is in her hand , and is now in a state of panic .... 
New Years Resolutions . Does everybody have one ? I know I do . First comes the classic , lose weight . Second , learn how to dance . The rest , eh ... maybe youll see them :D 
Is itching , burning , aching to create something . xDD HAND TWITCH ! ~ sigh ~ it feels weird to know that in one hour , all my friend will be a year ahead of new . Ah well . HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU ALL , AND TO ALL , AND GOOD REST ! 
Its really amazing to think what has happened since last year < PROPFIRST > 1 . I have a college im going to , my slight depression is gone , i know i will never lose Pariz Yabuku , i have solid friends here , my modeling and acting career is taking off , and I love me . Completely and totally . 
You guys , I haven't washed since last year ? Isnt that nasty ? 
Had an amazing dream last night , and would be so happy if it came true . Well , some of it . Especially the part when I hit < PROPMALE > in his fat face with a can xDD But that instant , when I woke up , and you where there , my heart didnt need that scare . But woteva . Woteva happens happens . 16 more days yo ! 
Why do I sing ? Becuase I love the feeling of making music . Why do I act ? Because I love the warmth of the stage lights . Why do I dance ? Because I love to watch the music and warmth flow out me . Why do I rap ? Because Im a hard boiled rotten egg . You cant mess with meh unless you want fuonk on yo hands . 
BLUE AND BROWN ! WOOHOOO ! 
' s head ish pounding from the first day of initiation ... and ive still yet to figure out wot everybodys name is ... CAN ANYONE TELL ME WOT ISH SAM'S NAME ?? T^T it looks like it is just a bunch of sounds .... 
Everyone who has talking crap about meh and the stuff i have been doing lately might want to put a sock in their mouth tommorrow , because after wot happened today , im gonna crank up the energy ! MEH BIRFFDAY ISH IN A WEEK ! 
Wots this feeling again ? OH YA ! Pain ... I just want to say once again , i am super sorry JoeJoe and < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFIRST > more than JoeJoe , cause i was failing at holding on . Even though i know tommorrows practice will be full of pain , im super happy i got to get re ~ initiated with a new theater group . yall make me laugh , especially mr. popsicle stick ! ~ kevin ~ 
We three stand together , his black nose to the air , his eyes to the land , and my face to the horizon . We watched as the sun throws futile attempts to brighten the land , and we listen to the crows mock its pathetic light . For the threat of a new imposing storm has already swept over the dissaproving trees . Looks like another day for an umbrella ... 
im suuuuper bored people . for all who havent gotten it already , my numba ish 478 718 4130 . TEXT MEEH ! 
I am sooo cold !!!!!! someone get meh blacket and some food ! 
Steps outside and hears a thousand of hidden frogs croacking away at the wet sky . Twas to amazing for worrds ! 
YOSH ! MEH BIRFFDAY ISH IN 3 DAYS YO ! At precisly 7:41 in the morning , I shall be 17 ! Woo ! I shall start sending out invitations on wednesday , but i also need to call these people . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Amamda Miri . If anyone knows their phone number , or if these people want to get ahold of meh , my phone bumber ish 4787184130 . call meh ! if i dont call you that is 
I cant stand being connected to this foot anymore since you gayed all over it ! xDD i love Whitest Kids U Know . So funny ! Go look them up on youtube . 2 days till meh birthday ! cant wait ! its going to be CRAZY ! 
is currently having her supa fun party ! ya ! 
I know i shouldnt < PROPFEMALE > onto the past , but its funny yo . its been a whole year , and it really could be why ive been sucha soup sandwhich . ~ sigh ~ i must say thank god for having a new drama family . i seem to forget my nonsence when im around them . Cant wait till opening night on friday ! PERISCOPE UP ! 
just so everyone knows , the reason why i have been away from the computer is because i am right now very busy with a play , and a buncha other stuff , including SCHOOL >:{ demo demo , the second i have to come on the comp fully , i will answer everyones emails to me . so sorry < PROPFEMALE > Pence for not responding for a while . its not that i hate you , im just uber busy .... 
i still cant believe i hit lucky with the door that hard ... i really gotta stop prouncing through those doors . someone will be killed , and i have a feeling it might be either lucky or < PROPFIRST > T^T 
Now that the play ish done ~ WOOHOO ! GO SUBMARINES ! ~ i think most definentally i will go for one act . sucks that it doesnt work over the summer , but who cares . but for now , follies ish good . However , next matter in hand , prom . Should I go ? Any girl planning on going alone wanna tag team it with meh ? Highly doubt ill get asked . 
Honestly , it hurt me . I spoke words of nothing but love and happiness , and he heard them as a chance . It was the last straw , and it broke me terribly . I didnt know where I stood . But you mustve known , because you were standing right there next to me . 6 years , my beautiful friend , 6 years we have held strong , and you saw more than just the surface of me . Thats what I need , and wot I want . 
Hand on the metal , he turns it around and around , and the monkey moves around the crowd collecting music . The wooden geisha doll dances impassively , making the crowd gasp and awe . The organ grinder's hand slips , and time freezes . The doll stand tall and proud , and the money lays down on the ground for a much needed rest . She dances happily , and the monkey claps his paws in time to her music . She stops , time resumes . 
So I guess it might actually happen now . I was considering inviting a bunch of drama people to the aquarium/zoo during winter break , and < PROPFIRST > kindly told < PROPFIRST > for meh ! So hopefully this work out right ! Only problem is that how are we going to get up there ~ Atlanta ~ . Neway , talk to meh if you have any useful information , and well see if we can get something set up . Thankies < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
ugh , this have been rough lately , THANKS TO FREAKING LUCKY BLOWING MY MIND SAYING 7 MONTHS !! neway ~ since ive noticed everyone has been sick lately , i will tell everyone something that will cure everyones pain . I feed some ducks so bread . Isnt that amazing ??? They quacked at me , and I quacked back , and the flew into my arms and bestowed me with heavenly goose and gander gifts . QUACK ~ <3 
Have you rode the fail whale tonight ? I know I certainly have .... xD 
Laying on the bed , I listen to you talking , and the sun comes out . How warm and gentle the world seems when you are present . Past thoughts speak to me , past memories are relived . And for ne're a moment do you make me feel anything but happy . I cant help but smile when you said that , for its such a big improvement from wot you used to be . 
I HAVE A SKYPE NOWW ! WOOHOOO ! Anyone can add meeeeh . Email me if you wanna my skype name , becuase i dont want creepers looking at meh through my computer ... 
I NEEED FOOOOOOD 
watching backyardigains and baking . later i will be having a long chat with meh sewing machine . sounds like a fun night ! woo ! 
X } I miss backyardigain man ! WOOHOOO ! WONDERPETS ! XDD i really should stop watching < PROPMALE > jr. ... naaaah 
A BRI'ISH SNAIL ?! WOT THE BLOODY HELL !?! 
I seriously still cant believe i made dance core ! so unbeliviable ! But hey , wot a day huh ? Im still living , and seriously glad for it , for i have never seen so many stars in the sky . I dont like looking at them to long , becuase i start drifting off , and who knows wots outside . Some rabid animal ... Have fun thes con peoples ! Ill miss ya X } 
Just like the little birds , if I extended my hand , will you come ? Would you break the air flowing between my fingers , and whisk me off to the garden I have left to grow ? Pray tell me , does the gatekeeper still sleep there ? Have my flowers grown wild and different , or have remained themselves ? Please , < PROPFEMALE > with snowy eyes , tell me , have I changed ? 
So mum and I are driving down a long dark road when suddenly I see movement on my right . So naturally , being ADD , I look to see wot it was . And before I can process the thought of why there is a man out in the dark with a bicycle , I noticed that it isnt a bicycle , but a UNIcycle . Please tell me wot the heck was he about to do . Extreme clown training ?? 
FOR EVERYONE WHO ISH GOING TO THE ZOO TRIP , BECUASE OF THE WEATHER , IM THINKING OF CHANGING IT TO PAINTBALLING ! PLEASE TELL ME WHETER OR NOT YOU ARE OKAY WITH THIS ; A ; 
OKAY . OKAY . OKAY . CHANGE OF PLANS PLANS THAT WERE PLANNED BUT ARENT NOW ... WE ARE GOING bowling INSTEAD OF PAINTBALLING . MEH PAINTBALL LOVERS , WE SHALL DO THAT AGAIN SOME OTHER TIME . THE ZOO WILL BE POSTPONED TO A WARMER DATE , AND BOWLING ISH ON .... 
Birds flying high/You know how I feel/Sun in the sky/You know how I feel/Breeze just a-rippin on by/You know how feel/Well its a new dawn/Its a new day/Its a new life/For me/And Im feeling/Good . guess its time for my most amazing trick . my dissapering acting . Bye everyone ! See you when im back ! 
It feels real nice to get away from everyone . And even moreso , seeing tall buildings , people with lives and things to do , and higher dose of good looking people ish like the < PROPFEMALE > to the parfait . Just cant live without it . I miss mah pretty Japanese people . xDD 
With a blister on my foot , and a scar on my knee , it is a beautiful rememberance of my time here . I may not have been here long , but personally , I dont think its how long you spend with a person , but how good of a memory you made with them in that time . This trip helpd me relax so much , and im ready to go back to GA . Its amazing how find where you came from can show you exactly where you are now . 
; A ; i am sooo tired , yet im uber busy . i have two test , TWO test tommorrow . one in algera and another is history . ; A ; im going to die of boredom and sleep deprivation ! 
To sing in hebrew is the most pleasent thing . The seductive sounds that emit from the choir send you such beautiful places , and lulls you into a dreamland never once explored . And to feel your body singing it ? An experince unexplainable . Everyone must come to my performance coming up . You wont regret it . 
~ sigh ~ why is petville so simply fun ? why the heck am i always on facebook ? wot is with the stinking website that makes we wanna check it every day , and make me wonder how i can get alot of petcash without having to buy it ? ...... myspace ... you lost ... terribly ... 
xDD if wot becca says is true , that is one of the most cutest jestures ive ever heard ~ <3 
after typing sucha note ~ you should read it . its called ripples :D ~ , i feel so exhausted . Its wierd , because i had so much energy writing it , and now that im done , i feel drained ... * yawn * im off to bed my peeps . please read it , and have a good day ! i love you ~ < 2 
So ya , just got back from the hair salon , and i found out that apperently im really stressed , because not only is my hair falling a bit , there is a stress spot on my forehead xD go fig huh ? and apperently , i itch my head when im stressed ... add that to i lick my lips when im worried about something . im just a bowl of fruit , arent i ?? the < PROPFEMALE > ish beautiful btw ... 
A lot of things have been happeneing lately , and its helping me see the way things are . For those who have a pirate handy , I be sailin ' alone , and I raise my glass o ' rum to it ! xD And I think that it is time for me to go find my box that contains my hearts song , and make a new dream upon it . and this time , not make it so fragile that it can be crushed by the first obsticle in the way . 
i watch it once , and then again . i can feel the tears welling up inside , yet they do not fall , for i cant stop laughing . we dance across the screen with a smile upon our face , not a care in the world.as day slowly turns to night , those smiles only get brighter . we pass the flame , and the fireworks exploded into beautiful < PROPFEMALE > arches , making our lucky stars . 
You wanna know why a naked woman on a horse is the symbol for Godiva chocolates ? Because she took one bite of that delectable chocolate , ripped off her clothes , and rush off to find her < PROPMALE > bigomandingoo before she exploded . xD i swear , i took a bite out of one that had raspberry filling , and almost blacked out 
A Sign From God : I was making a sandwich , when I began to think , this sandwich could use some chips . So I walk into my pantry , and grab the bag of cheese puffs . I skip back to my plate , and being to pour the chips out . But I don't hear anything falling . So I look at my plate , and see a folded up piece of paper , the only thing that fell out of the bag . And what does it say ? Nutritional Facts .... 
I hope everyone remembered to stretch tonight , because if you dont , satan will come into your room tonight , and do horrible things to you . xD i had fun today ! cant wait till friday when we do the chours line . 
Such sad eyes I've been seeing lately . It seems like a lot of people are sick , not only from viruses . With these sad looks , I fear that im not shinning bright enough to part the rainclouds over their heads . I may not be the smartest , prettiest , or most talented , but i listen well . Please smile again . The world is already so dark , so even with our < PROPFEMALE > radiance , it shines brighter than the sun , and spreads like the virus we need . 
was freaking out becuase she thought she has breast cancer , and it only turned out to be the top of my tie . xD i really need to fix this brain of mine ... 
I like living in a big house and all , but it seems that it just leaves room for more silence ... even my dog can feel how oldly quite it is . even with the sound of the air coming from the AC , or my music playing , the house feels so dead . i reaaaaaally need to get out of here ... 
Okay Pokemon fans ! Lets see if you know your stuff ! 1 . ) What Is Professor Oka's first name ? 2 . ) How did Professor Oak and Ash meet ? 3 . ) What did Professor Oka like to do as a child that lead him to what invention ? 4 . ) For how long did Professor Oka know about Ash ? 5 . ) What did the the olden time pokeballs look like ? 
gawd , samurai < PROPFIRST > is just to hawt . especially when he rips his shirt off . i wonder if he ever made it back to the past and defeated haku ... 
I reeealy wanna go to the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > festival coming up in Macon . Any takers ? 
macon , march 28th , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > festival . all day hangout with friends . any takers ? 
uuugghhhh .... 17 bloody years man ... well , if you dont count the 10 years of growing up , and then then 2 years on not teenagerness , 5 bloody years man . 5 whole bloody years . i am so tired of waiting that at this point ... i would say im just going to give up , but i never really fought from the begginning . normally i would say its my fault , and there is something wrong with me but ... 
It seems the busier i get , the more cuts and bruises that appear on my body . it almost as if the stress makes me unaware to how i < PROPFEMALE > myself , and i end up hitting things without knowing . even now as i type , it hurts , for i have two fresh cuts on my fingers . and i dont know who to go to to help me calm down ... ugh .. i need a bandaid ... and beary ... 
My right knee is failing me , bad enough that it hurts to walk and to dance ... and going by wot < PROPFIRST > said , i might have to eat more bananas ... i really must have done something wrong becuase god is just having fuuun up there >:{ bananas suck .... 
Almost sufficated herself sleeping on her panda pillow ... right after taking a fun science test ... that is going to depend wheter or not i can graduate ... which i cant do if im dead ... it was one of the biggest failz ive ever done xD 
just finished playing hide-and-go-seek with my doggie . he lost . and i laughed at him . xD im sad that the testing is done . i was having fun ! no more free food and talking to Sergant Eddizzle . DX he taught meh that girls must shower in a week or they will get sick ! 
something doesnt sound right with my voice . its almost like there is something hanging on it . i might be sick ... or have strepp throat ... 
everytime i cough , acid tears pour down my face . when i move , my body screams in pain . my throat feels so dry , it hurts to talk to my idiot friends .... someone kill me nowww ... 
ive spent the whole day being like the stuff on the bottom of you shoes , so i am quuuite tired of being sick . ive had my fill ... lets move on ... on the other hand .. talking to a friend today reminded me that nothing has made my heart go doki doki in a whiiile .... >.> i should kick something ... 
Being the dinosaur I am , I managed to defeat the stupid sickness ! GWARG ! IMA BEAST ! I still have a bit of a cough , but nothing can bring this dinosaur down ! ROAR ! 
I am currently dating this beautiful boy named Velvetta . He is not much taller than me , and has fat cheeks like meh , but he ish so sexy ! Im so happy to be his girlfriend , but when I see picture of us , I get so jealous ^/// . ///^ Ill post piccys soon ! 
^/// . ///^ < PROPFEMALE > my boyfriend birthday today ! I suuupa happy ! The jerk didn't tell me before , so I didnt have time to prepare anything , but we might go out for a movie later . Wahooo ~ ! He is at my house right now , so im forcing him to make a facebook ! 
Ya ! He now has a Facebook ! Look him up people ! Kazuhiko < PROPMALE > 
xDD cant stop laughing about the Velvetta thing . just so you know , i was jokin about the whole thing . i really need more things to doo xDD 
Dear Dorkface Opened in front of me is the letter , with the gift still inside . Everything is piled messily back into the box ~ how the heck did you do it ?! ~ . Yet for some reason , I cant help reading the last two lines over and over again . Love ya cootie face . Not a nice thing to say to sucha pretty face , but still ... i really hope this friendship never dies x } its to special 
It such a weird feeling . It starts in your toes , and shoots out the ends of the hair on your head . Every follicle on you body starts on end , you get get goosebumps , and a cold chill zaps your spine . Your skin prickles as if under a thousand suns . And with every breath , you feel your heart beating . Life has such a weird feeling . Such a nice feeling . 
AARGGHHH ! IM LEARNING MEH JAPANESE ! AND MY BRAIN HURTS !!! but i did learn how to say this . Pariz wa utsukushii . < PROPFEMALE > mo utsukushii desuu ~ <3 Watashi desu < PROPFEMALE > ? Watashi was KAMPEKI pyon ! <3 hope that translates good ... 
Every day the sun gets higher , brighter , warmer , yet everyday , I am inside . Every morning , the birds sing , the mist rises , and the dew drop turn to molten gold , yet every morning , I am inside . Every night , the < PROPFEMALE > rises high , only the restless stay up and talk , and all is still , yet every night , I am inside . A day to celebrate life , I spend it by myself ... I hate < PROPMALE > robins .... 
lately , i have been catching up with people from my past . and looking through their pictures , it shocks me how much my friends have changed . especially the people ive known since middle school , or even elementary . but it just makes me wonder , have i changed ? becuase really ... i feel like i look the same , just bigger .. 
ugh ... my mind is pulling a blank ... for once , there is nothing on my mind , and i have nothing to say ... wot the hell do i do to fix that ?? 
UUGGHHH ! i want to know how to daaancce ! i need the dancers spirit yo ! i should learn how to rap while im at it . YO YO , THIS IS MY SHOW ! DONT LIKE ME , YOU KNOW WHERE TO GO ! IF YOU DONT , ITS CALLED HELL YO ! TO BAD YOU CANT GET IN , CUZ YOUR DIRT POOO ! OHHHHH ! 
How I know my maltise is a pervert : I go to pick him up from the counter , and he proceeds to stick his paw down my shirt , pull my tank top off , and start licking my chest . ~ he was actually licking something else , but i dont think i should say that of facebook ~ 
So did anyone do mrs. burch's essay ? Becuase apperently , the dumb thing is due this week ... I still have noooo cluee wot im supposed to be writing about ! Im not going to fail due to bad essay choice ! 
im working on the < PROPFEMALE > Brightman picture , and i must say , braids ... are the bizsnap . I know im not going to like doing these . I can feel it in my long hard pencil ... and i need a better eraser ... But its looking good ! the lips have improved dramatically ! They still suck XD 
completed one braid , going to do the other tommorrow ... this project ish sucking the life outta meeeh ... maybe its because im trying harder ? idk , but all i know is that i cant wait till i finish all the dark on the hair so i can do the white , then take my best friend mech , and add < PROPFEMALE > details . WOO DETAILS ! 
Talking with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , you would think this matter would be over , and I would already know the answer . But somehow , it still bugs me . I mean , everything else in my life is in check , why is this going so wrong ? I keep wondering if there is anything I can do , but I already have walked across that bridge . Ive taken all the steps . I must wait ... But it makes me nervous ... 
LSKNDFLKNSDF WOT THE HE*L IS IN WASHINGTON ?!?! IS THERE SOMETHING IM MISSING ?!?! *&@#%^ ! WASHINGTON BEING A VACCUM CLEANER ! screw it ! im moving to washington ! apperently thats where its at ... 
Miight not be able to be in one act nexxt year ..... this just sucks ... 
I hacks your account Taty Brown , mah lovely ugly mug . xD = Ohimechama 
I have been so stressed this week , to a point were I can physically feel it . And I know I will continue to be stressed . However , in a second , you make my world bright , and bring back that light feeling Ive been missing . You may not like yourself , but I have to say this . You have one thing that I doubt anyone else has . Light . 
Is going to go < PROPMALE > College ! Woooho ! 
You know , today I realized something that I should have realized a long time ago . There is a large group of people who reeaaaaally dont like me . Wheter it ranges from my loudness , my spontaneouness , or just my plain uniqueness , they hate it all . And you know wot , I hope they keep on hating me , and saying things to me . Beucase that means im on their mind ;} tits or get the hell away ! ~ thanks annie ~ 
i got to see < PROPMALE > , the thearte ghost ! He was standing behind lucky when I saw him ! I think he has a thing for Kevin ... Something about < PROPFIRST > attracts him to him ... 
They say God is just a lier/But they dont realize , I fly higher/Im the pick of the crop/Fresh of the grill/You dont believe me ? /Ill make ya ill/So trust me now/Ill treat ya nice/Like a Krispy Kreme donut/Im covered with ice/Cant see me ? /Well here I am/The LORD before you/Old < PROPFEMALE > hand . ~ my rap that I think God would say ~ 
I gots meh prom dress .. and i finnaly got gel black eyeliner ... sfunny , i have everything i want , but what i really want , i cant have . stupid water .... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypTHot_U85E 
i think im going to make my mask for prom ... i dont trust the shipping peoples anymore , since my petticoat is still in lost space . OH YA , none of you will recognize lucky at prom . I feel so proud , becuase lucky looks so freaking sexy right now , and im not even finished . i cant wait to see everyones face >:D 
a . ) over sleep b . ) alarm goes off in class c . ) mrs. bayte calls me down d . ) mr. < PROPMALE > stands up for me e . ) plot how im going to make this work f . ) talk to mr. mccook g . ) come up with plan h . ) learn the student handbook i . ) plan out my fight for tommorrow when i talk to the principale j . ) freak out , becuase i remember i didnt do my essay 
Prom was toooo fun ! 
Right now , my friend is in her room , crying her eyes out . Why ? Because she got rejected . Yet again . And what has it done to her ? She thinks she is ugly , and wonders wot is wrong with that makes all boys not like her . We share the same story , so I feel her pain . So I would like to say , guys ~ not all ~ go to heck . If you wanna know where the good women are , they are in their bedroom crying because you wont give them a < PROPMALE > . 
Its been a whole year since that time of happiness , so it is time to reflect . not just those happy moments , but all that misery before it . and the thoughts that came with it . and i can say , i have changed . within this year , i have changed signifigantilly . and its all thanks to you . so i guess its time to let go , even though i dont want to .... 
BusDriver : \So wots for supper ? \ " Tatyana : \ " I have noo clue\ " BusDriver : \ " I should come over and make you something\ " Tatyana : \ " ahahaha .... \">..> ~ leaves bus quickly ~ " 
With all the things going on for me right now , I turn to my friends for advice . And depending on the person , I get different stuff . Yet I normally dont listen to any of it . However , one has managed to touch my ears . Listen to your heart . It so old , so simple , I forgot to do it ... And wot does my heart say ? Just keep on going . Those idiots dont know wot they are missin ! 
i feel like i am about to passss ouuutttt ..... i really just dont feel well right now ..... 
because of the fact that i have nothing amazing happening right now in my life , i am going to challenge myself . and i am going to need everyones help . i am going to go on a water diet . nothing but water to drink . starting tommorrow . right now ? ima sit down to a chocolate , cheesecake , vannila ice cream , and brownie shake ... hmmmmm 
Gonna buy some ballons ? MY DAY WAS JUST MADE ! 
iiii caaaaannnttt waiiiitttt tiiilllll next yeeaaar ! ill have more of a shot at things ! 
here it is , the last month of school , my last time to be clueless . all self ~ esteem issues , confidence , doubt , unessacary sadness must be gone before I come back . And it will start with this . I will become a model . I will start making my own clothes . I will begin learning how to dance . I will sing a opera solo . I will learn how to cook . And most importanly , i will have fun doing all this . 
im i love with a stipper ! 
i loved the play , disliked the audience , and hate my teachers for having me to turn in a project , and test , and homework tommorrow ... im going to be falling asleep everywhere . if a teacher complains , ill just hand them a folllies pamphlet . 
wot the heeeeeellllll ish so wrong with meh that i cant attract anybody ?! this is getting pisss assssssssh ketchum annoying . im tired of this shiiiiiizcrackers .... ~ btw , those are actually curse words in disguise ~ 
well rested , nicely groomed , and ready for anything , i head to WRHS to get ready for another KICKBUT performance ! now since my head is finally all cleared up , and im not running on sleep energy ~ which makes me do wierd things ~ im ready to blow everyones minds ! 
So once again , I lost . And not only that , I lost to a freshman ... How ? Idk . And at this point , I dont think I want to care anymore . Completly tired of this nonsence . Maybe starting the Loney Hearts Club ~ i hope you get the reference ~ will be a good idea . 
Not only do I ~ more than ever ~ need a man , I need a < PROPMALE > Shepered . And I just want you to know , Mr. Burgular , the next time you decide to watch me and my house , the only thing you will see is the barrel of my gun . < PROPFEMALE > , you took a step to far , and now Im going to fight back . 
... i think the robbers i trying to come back ... pray for me everybody . this is not a safe time for me ... 
the fool squuealed like a pig . and begcause of him , so many good things happened . im a very happy person right now ... 
hoooollly fruuuck . how many people have a tag on this house ?!?! a petifile this time ?! youve got to be kidding me ... 
HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE GOING TO CALL MY HOUSE LOOKIN FOR SOME POOR UNFORTUNENT SOUL NAMED < PROPMALE > !?!? 
Youuu know wot I think ? you dont ? well i certainly dont either ... 
lllloooollzzz . gave meh doggies peanut butter . may they be doomed to eternal lickage ! 
okay . so i was reading my book right . and they were talking about abortion . and one of the characters wrote in a letter that if abortion is not so bad , why not put pictures of it up in the newspaper . so , me being curious , i looked . i dont think i want to ever look again ... 
im really not on facebook . im trying to upload a video , so text meh if you wanna talk .. 
.... im ... soo ... BOOORREDDDD ... i dont wanna do my math homework .... 
finally , i can breath a bit easier . kuro finally ate some food ... i hope this keeps up .. and he stops puking it back up ... 
I wanna walk with you , on a cloudy day . In field where the yellow grass grows knee high . So wont you try to come . Come away with me and we'll kiss . On a mountaintop . Come away with me and ill , never stop , loving you . And I wanna wake up to the rain , falling on tin roof . While im safe there in you arms . 
As he leaves , his presence goes with him . No more goofyness . No more stupid jokes . No more laughter . Once again , it will be me and my books . But this time , it will be me , my books , my bat , my mallet , and my mace . ~ sigh ~ oh how things have changed , just because of one door ... 
I JUST FINSHED JASCKULAS STUPID MATH HOMEWORK ! Ha ! Take that you old coop ! I cant wait too see her face when i turn it in tommorrow , and have bags under my eyes , and say \ I worked on it for two days straight . Wot now bat lady ? Still think im a bad student ?! \"" 
Ugghh ... why do I try ? 
I guess draining myself of blood was a good thing after all ... new blood comes new thoughts , and fresh confidence . goodbye bad O(positive or negative ) blood , helllo ... im to tired to type anymore .... xDD 
Im at that point of where i walking into my pantry , stand for some time , walk away , then remember i wanted to get something , take a peek at my pantry , and leave again because i fergot wot i was doing xDD 
Went to my dock , ate a strawberry popsicle , watched the turtles and tadpole play in the water . Saw some geese . Ran home and grabbed some bread . Fed the geese , then had a delightful conversation with one of them . Watched a swan fly by . Realized that one goose girl was heavily preggo ... smiled . 
IM SUUPPA HAPPPY ! Becuase of my good grades ( all a's , one b ) mum bought me SoulSilver , Hypnotic Poison , 2 indian wraps , anddddd a dark chocolate almond joy that has nooooooo almonds in it . Wot a pickmeup after a craaapbut month ! 
Just like soccer , I shall score ! 
I absolute hate it when a dude is so infatuated with a girl that he wont attack her upon my command , and makes me think im going to miss my chances for my badge . I mean , come on . Shes a cow . Why do you like her so much ? Looking at you , you would think you were made from stone , not some mushhead xDDD 
the distant roll of thunder , the clap of lightning , i jump . my vision blurrs , my heart races , and the rain mixes with the tears on my face . the sound of my running feet out shine the sound of my beating heart . yet , one sound comes through . i look at my phone , and its your name on the screen . you remembered my greatest fear , and were there for me . why would i ever doubt our friendship could last ? 
everything can be explain with these three things . ++ , +- , -- 
I thiink i cant do One Act next year ... thiiiis is going to be a veery interest senoir year ... i can tell :D 
hopes she can sleepover < PROPFEMALE>'s house so she can go spy on the really hot guy across the street from her X } gonna try to convice the girl that we should play a little wet sponge tag ... in white shirts xDDD 
sooo i get to sleepover erikas tommorrow ! i ish happy ! arrttt tiiimmmeee ! maaann i need to use the b ~ room ... been reading for some hours straight ... 
YAR HAR FIDDLE < PROPFIRST > ! BEING A PIRATE IS SO GOOD TO ME ! DO YOU WOT < PROPFEMALE > WANT CUZ YOU ARE PIRATE ! YOU ARE PIRATE ! 
http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=127250790624061 xD i thought this was just tooo funny . DONT WATCH IF YOU HAVE TENDER EYES ! 
I long for something - what can it be ? /My brain is reeling , I wonder why ; /And then the feeling I'm going to die . /By day it haunts me , haunts me by night . /This tender torment , tinged with delight ! /Tell me what love is , what can it be ? /What is this yearning , burning in me ? -Voi Che Sapete 
Thunder , do you worse . Because nothing is going to be louder than my scream 
Is completly tiiired of everything . I reaally cant wait for the beach trip tommorrow ! I need all the relaxing I can get , cuz i feel like i might just use my mace soon :D 
Soooo ya . I went to the beach yesterday , had a kickbut time , got a kickbut tan that is already starting to fade a bit , then I got super dehydratred , couldnt eat , felt really naucuious , couldnt walk really , and had to be drugged up . and today im going to the dentist ! These have been some really fun days for meh ! :D cant wait to see the dentist ! 
Sooooo ... found out i gotta take my molars out ... all 4 of them ... becuase , if you saw my xrays , all my other teeth look fine , but my molars are just being supa screwy , and if i dont take them out soon , my teeth will get jacked ... sooo ... i have a request for yall ... can someone be there with a camcorder after i get them taken out ? i wanna see wot drug to to me :DD 
ima st < PROPMALE > one of my < PROPMALE > projects ! i have beliefe that i can do it ! woooo ! 
:D I just got my report card ! 2 B-'s , 1 B+ , and 4 A+'s! Im suuuper happy nya ~ ! And , ~ this makes me really happy ~ , I made a 104 on my Physical Science EOCT ~ End of course test ~ ! Im just beasting my science classes ! I told you peoples science is delicious ! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ..... its nice to a science dork ..... HISTORY SUUUCKS 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJiEcArM93M im sorry , i know its perverted and nasty , but i just wanted to show yall how MASSIVE these are ... its almost siiick 
D I just got my report card ! 2 B-'s , 1 B+ , and 4 A+'s! Im suuuper happy nya ~ ! And , ~ this makes me really happy ~ , I made a 104 on my Physical Science EOCT ~ End of course test ~ ! Im just beasting my science classes ! I told you peoples science is delicious ! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ..... its nice to a science dork ..... HISTORY SUUUCKS 
now that i have a new makeup < PROPFEMALE > , ima be doing some crazy makeups ! i cant wait to try out some stuffers ! 
So guess wot I just munched on ? Some sand . Came from absolutely nowhere . I told you Lucky ... I told you ... 
PARIZ BABY ! DONT MARRY SYRUP ! MARRY ME BABY GIRL ! I LOVE YOU ! 
.... ya ... so i wanna be a opera singer .. and now because of something i read .. i dunno if my voice is correct . i mean , people where hating on < PROPFEMALE > church , saying she only sounded like the lovely singing girl from next door ... i dont sound like that do i ??!... wot is an opera sound realy ?!?! and do i have it ?!? 
If you click ' like ' on this status I will post something I like about you on your wall . Make this your status if you want to . :3 
Sooooo .... i might be trying out for a modeling/acting school this sunday ... if all things go corectly .. which gos knows they wont ... maaaaaaan my luck is horrible ... 
.... so i just got my SAT study booklet from collegebaord.com, and all i have to say is ... this thing looked waaaaaay thinner online ... this thing is about as thick as a history/lit text book , and is only 2 pages away from being 1000 pages long .... so .. yaaaa .... I have until october i guess .... 
is currently burning things . text her . 4787184130 
Is now officially going to auditon tommorow ! Yaaa ! Now , i just need yalls help to choose a good pic of me DX 
tommorrow might be the first day of meh liife ! im ready ! 
soooooooo .... i didnt get my results yet DX i didnt get to call .... so ill find out tommmmooorrooooowww ........ and im having SUUUCH a heartattack right now 
is avioding facebook till she gets her results .... 
I AM GOING TO HAVE A HEARTATTACK ! I CANT BELIEVE IT ! IM OFFICIALLY A BARBIZON GIRL , NOW AND FOREVER , AHMEN ! I CAAAAANT BELIEVE I MADE IT ! IM GOING TO PEE MY PAAAAANTSSSSSSSSSS ! SOMEBODY CALL THE PARAMEDICS ! I CANT FEEL MY BRAIN ! 
Its nice to know that I have a dad that will support me no matter wot , and a mum who will stop supporting me just becuase i didnt watch a tv show she wanted me to watch .... 
Me and Mrs. Jones/We got a thing , going on/We both know that its wrong/But its much to strong/To let it go now/We meet everyday/At the same cafe/630 and no one knows shell be there/Holding hands/Making all kinds of plans/While the jukebox plays our favorite song/Me and Mrs. Jones/We gotta be extra careful/That we dont get our hopes up to high/Cuz shes got her own obligations/And so/And so do I/ 
So im back to sqaure one ... and im lovin it . ahhh maaaaan . things are jsut weird with me :DDD 
beware of the numba 5 . It makes bible thumping chirstians steal your babeh 
mums operation is tommorow . gotta get up at four . someone shoot me . i wanna play pokemaaans DX 
juuuuust finished ... ahhh maan ... who needs sleep right ? its for a good cause anyway . 
EVERYBODY ! WATCH MY MUSIC VIDEO ! ITS FINNALY UP ! WOOOHOOOOO ! 
The only good part of my situation is that there is nothing taller than a giraffe . But then again , thats the issue . There is nothing taller than a giraffe . Maybe the weight of me and all my nonsence will break its neck , and I will fall onto an elphant . Cuz thats as low as i will go 
Thanks to an amazing girl ~ @Arvie Withspoon ~ It think i finally heard my calling . Film . In every direction . Behind it . In front of it . For it . About it . Making it . Editing it . Helping for it . Anything i could do that has to do with film , wheter it is photography or actually movies , i want it . I have never heard such lovelyer words in my life till sweeet beautiful Arvie blessed me with her amazing voice ! I love you giirl ! 
wierd how these things turn out ? sincerity at its best :{ D 
wierd how these things turn out no ? sincerity at its best ! :{ D 
Deliver me , out of my sadness . Deliver me , from all the madness . Deliver me , courage to guide me . Deliver me , the strength from inside me 
Not only can i no longer feel my heart beating , my chest just feels empty .... maybe i did the wrong thing . I hear the horn a whistlin , the wheels a screachin . The midnight train is comin back again to take me away . But this time , i dont want to board it . 
is going to leave to computer world for a bit . ill be back when the wind blows my way . 
I feel tons better . Getting away from the comp really helped meh clear mah head . And I need it . I have a very special audition this sunday , and I need everyone to root for me . And if , or when , i do make it , ill tell everyone wot i was auditioning for . :DD 
Im going out with a model and a pregnant lady today ! Im < PROPFEMALE > exciiited ! 
Tanniel Ashley : I cant talk now mom . We are going through a tunnel . Me : .... you know there is no tunnels here right ? They are up in Atlanta .... xDD You need some help girl 
So today is the big day . And i mean , its a big day . If all goes right , this will be the start of my career . I can honestly tell you guys , i really have never felt more alive . I mean , even if i dont make it , this is just ... ahhhh . And the wierdest part is , i feel confident . As in , im nervous as mess , i cant even eat , but I feel sooo ready . Everyone pray for me to make this audtion 
So tomoroow is the day ill find out . Ima go to bed early so i can push this day away . night everyone ! and i hope the luck comes through in the \taty made it\ " bank " 
Okay everybody , just so you know , wot I was auditioning for is IMTA , which stands for International Modeling & Talent Association . It is the largest recurting thing in the whole world . And I just got in . Come January , I will be going to Hollywood to model/acting in front of 300 different international agencies , and then from there , who knows wot will happen . But Im going to need everyones help . Money is the issue . 
SO , as its going noaw , I have be give the biggest ultimatum in my life . I could go to the IMTA ( the thing i auditioned for ) noaw , but i would have to work my but off to get the monies . Or , come febuaray , I can audition again for the same thing , but this time it would be in New York . Now here is the ultimatum . If i choose the febuary one , that means i have to give up seeing the person i love most in life . 
Starting to feel really itchy . I really cant take this anymore . Im sooo tired of this monotony of a life im living right now . I need a new face , a new place , and new experience . And the more i sit here , the itchier i get .... God save meeeeeee .. I cant take WR any moreee 
Just so you know @Tanniel < PROPFIRST > @ , I < PROPFEMALE > didnt make that face when eating mah milkshake . You were just imagining things . xDD Snot my fault thooouughh . And you know , maybe talking so loud about blushin and makin wierd faces wasnt the beeeest of ideas xDD 
Just so you know @Tanniel < PROPFIRST > @ , I < PROPFEMALE > didnt make that face when eating mah milkshake . You were just imagining things . xDD Snot my fault thooouughh . And you know , maybe talking so loud about blushin and makin wierd faces wasnt the beeeest of ideas xDD 
Just so you know Tanniel < PROPFIRST > , I < PROPFEMALE > didnt make that face when eating mah milkshake . You were just imagining things . xDD Snot my fault thooouughh . And you know , maybe talking so loud about blushin and makin wierd faces wasnt the beeeest of ideas xDD 
Miiight as wellll since i stole this from < PROPMALE > . Like meh status , and ill write wot i likes and dislike about you , and a confession . soooo ... yaaa .... like away ... 
With a happy heart , Ill conjour up all the darkness I can muster , and finish this . Im < PROPFEMALE > tired of it . It was fun at first , but i can see how this is tootally not gonna be fun . Im sorry love , but your becoming something of a bother . And i will move on pretty quickly afterwords . We can still be friends , but nothing more . So , with a happy heart , ill finish this last project , and enjoy my last days of summer . 
im itchinng to take more piccturessssss .... wanna do another photoshoot . but i need a long white wig , white contacts , and then to make some leggins . fllaarrrgeeeennnnnn ! does anyone know where i could get those things ? 
You know , I so totally agree with the Pastor . I mean , the only reason why this generation is bad is because of some sewed together , stuffed , and glued mascot suit . I mean , the guns , drugs , rape , crime , and numerous other things have nothing to do with it . And really guy , think . Saying GO DEMONS ! at the football games will not sound as cool as saying GO UNICORNS ! 
I'll be completely honest for 24 hours . You can ask me ONLY ONE QUESTION IN MY INBOX . I will answer no matter what . You have my full honesty and the question will be completely between me and you , but I dare you to put this as your status and see what ppl ask you . :) 
I . don't . play . nice . ^w^b 
You are suuuch a jerk .... 
Hey I'm a buttface with a bird caw . 
is having withdrawl sysmptoms . Symptoms include : Sleepiness , Hungry , Want to take pictures , Anger at makeup for not being good , Unable to match clothing , Crankyness , and a raging < PROPFEMALE > to buy a camera/tripod . Cure : A photoshoot . 
Somewhere , way far out there , in this wide vast world , there is a duck . And he is looking right at me . And I just want you to know Mr. Duck , that Im not afraid of you . And , Im looking right at you D:< 
lol , someone quoted me and it made meh loooolll . 
Sorry Everyone , for woteva I might have posted on your wall/my status/anything else . My jerk of a friend decided to hack on my account , change my status , and change my pirate to tagalog . Now , the only thing that worries me is that i actually understood some of it Dx The next time you call girl , no more philipino . its rubbing off on me 
Is unbelievably happy . Not only did she find a < PROPFEMALE > face up , she is wearing a spanking awesome outfit , which is alllmost perfect . maybe today , school will actually be tolerable Dx 
F is for friends who do stuff together , U is for you and me , N is for anyway at anytime at all ! ~ finish it ~ 
F is for friends who do stuff together , U is for you and me , N is for anywhere at anytime at all ! ~ finish it ~ 
F is for FIRE that burns down the whole town , U is for URANIUM , BOMBS . N IS FOR NOOOO SURVIVORS ! 
I walk in the sun , yet I feel the cold rain falling silently onto my face . I hear the songs of the summer crickets calling for love , yet it is silent where I stand . The faint bells of the train approach ring out , and the ghost train pulls into the station . I have never left , never been able to , never tried . ??????????? ??????????????? 
T^T Onision is marrrrieeddd to Skyeeeee . SO not faaaiiiir . How come no one ever told ME this ? 
today , i made a sandwhich on the computer . now that sandwhich is in meh tummy :DD 
< PROPFIRST > Roshaud < PROPFEMALE > and I are going to kill it tommorow ! 4th period acting , you better watch out ! We will make sacrifices out of you >:D 
why God ? why ? 
Tonight , my friend , we will cry together . With the sun in your sky , the < PROPFEMALE > in mine , we will be together for just a moment , together with the same thoughts . Across the sea will my arms stretch , pulling you for a eternal hug . Across the sea will my heart grow , giving you all that I ever have . I love you Pariz Yabuku , like my special sister . So please dont cry . It breaks my heart in so many ways I cant even begin to explain . 
Its funny . I say I wont get myself like this , or get myself in this situation , but here i am again . In the same spot as last year . Thinking the same things . Just a new person this time . And stupidly , once again , I have hope . General Iroh , I love you man , but this time , i dont wanna hold onto hope . Starting to think if i were to light a match in a dark cave , no amount of hope will light it } X 
oh ya , just remembered . since im in one act noaw , im thinking of doing a talent for GTC ( GCT ? TGC ? ) buuut , im going to need 9 peoplez . for planets . annnd , there will be a little dancing . some singing/chanting ( depending on if you caaan sing ) , and i would likes girl AND boys if possible . anyone interested ? cuz it will be the only time i will get to sing my way and not bored peoplez :} 
after that ball smacked lucky in the face , i dont think ive ever heard of group of people laugh so hard together . I think almost all of us were crying . that was a puuuure bonding moment . We peoples of one act will be a family ! But it seems like we are already being cliquey . I guess it will take some time :/ or maybe its just me 
Is single and wondering why . But hey ! More child support for me ~ <3 
I feel seriously ill . I mean , runniny/stuffy nose , no engery , my body feels heavy , i feel like im burning up , and my throat is just uugggghhhhh . How could I just all of a sudden get sick ? Maybe ill have mum see if my temp is high ... 
I would just like to make an open statement . A certain person keeps saying that I have an averaged sized but . That I only wished I had a big but . That if I was asian or white , I would have a big but . Yet right noaw , I dont . And if I wanted a big but , I would have to eat more . Now for those people who know me , do you agree with this accusition ? 
so the blonde wins ... aint that nice . 
Is seriously happy . I just found my soul mate ! Her name is Cyndee ( sp ? ) , and we seem to have the same love life . And we both agree on one thing . Back in Elementary , boys had cooties . Now they have some SERRIIOUUUSSS cooties xD 
I want you . I want you soooo bad . I want you . I want you so bad its driving me mad its driving me mad ...... SHE SO . . . HEAVY ! SHE SO HEAVY ! 
so ya , i just had to sneeze like 2 times . which isnt bad . i like sneezing . but i had food in my mouth . not a beautiful moment for < PROPFEMALE > brown ... 
you know you room is a mess when you are having to crawl around your room like a earthbending mole just to find your glasses Dx i reaaalllly gotta clean my rooom 
So here is the list . 1 . ) how Im going to get home after practice . 2 . ) I dont have my permit OR my license OR a car3 . ) Im being pressured to get scholarships , apply for my college , grades , ect4 . ) Im getting alot of pressure from the Graphics depart ., since Mr. Wayne has so kindly been speading my name around5 . ) I need bigger roles in theatre for a better acting experince , and i seem to be failing at achieving that ... 
I MADDEE IMPROVable TROUPEE !! WOOOODIDLYHOOOOO ! :D and even better , I was #8 on the list , and Tanniel < PROPFIRST > was #9 ! Yaaaa ! I cant wait to start this ! 
Should I Smile Because You're My Friend Or Cry Because Thats All We'll Ever Be ? 
MEEE ANDDD MRSSS . JONNEEEESSSS ! WE GOTTA THIINGGGGGG GOING ONNNNNN 
When the sun goes down and the drama kids come out , we shall baptize you . Become a dramaistian . 
Thanks you ignorant black people for all the homework Im having to suffer doing . I hope you all run into Mz . Fisher , your smacking your fat lips eating oblivously only what Satan himself could make ( for those who dont know , its gum ) texting your babys daddy that he needs to pay child supports or little Gecaxosu ( It reads < PROPMALE > ) is gonnna have to deal with poop in his undies . So there . 
Is suupppaaa pumped to start working on Naruto Ondo !! This is going to be one kick but performance ! GO COLLABERATED ROMANCE ! 
Thank you loverly Mrs. Lit teacher , for assinging us a 2 < PROPFEMALE > paper on information that you cant find on the intertnet , and i doubt in a libary . Its always nice to waste your weekend , and your precious time working on a paper with unatainable information :D 
I had a good day of cheorographing the dance . Got alot done . Cant wait to work on the chorus ! So hopefully , come tuesday , I should have the whole song ready ! And then I can pass out the information to Romance Debut ! ( Free Spirited Romance ? Come on guys , we reeaaally need a good name . How about cherries ? ) 
What makes up a mysterious man ? A man who is lost within himself , or a man who , within himself , is lost . 
I had a seriously great time at Tanniel < PROPFIRST>'s house . Had a fun time with all my normal friends , and mah drama friends . I cant wait for practice tommorow so i can see you all again ! :D you all make me < PROPFEMALE > happy . Oh , and you to , mah normal friends . But alas , i must retire back into the world of Para Para 
Okay , think about this . A man is allergic to dying . He starts dying from a gunshot wound , and then has a allergic reaction to his dying . If you were to give him a Epipen , would that mean he would be cured , and wouldnt die ? 
Have you ever wondered if < PROPMALE > has trouble finding his friends , or his family ? I mean , especially his family . Cuz , like your food , you are what you are made from ~ that makes noo sence in a roundabout way ~ 
OMG ! I just saw 3 Mormon on bikes heading to some guys house ! It must be serious business :D \ 
How did I know they were mormon you say ? They were all wearing suits xD 
Being silly and all is fun , and i love playing games , but its time to take the kid gloves off , if you know what i mean . its time to get down and dirty , and finish up this dance , if you know what i mean . You know what I mean ? Good , just dont take offense to it . Even though the only way for me to be normal is through dance :D 
is currently applying for colleges ! But having an issue coming up with a professional username Dx 
I feel like sucha jerk . I ran over a frog with Donatella ( My car ) . The little thing jumped right in the way right as i straightened the wheel , and i squished him flat , twice Dx . I hope God isnt mad at me 
iiss suuuuppperrr busy . Its not even funny . And its making have a poor performance level , which is the worst thing ~ to me ~ that a person could have . I would say , well , i have tonight to catch up ! but i dont , becuase in less then a hour , i have to run up to macon to go to a singing practice until 9 . thiiiiss stressss issnnnttt gooooooddddd 
I just stood over his dead body , oh how good it felt , watching the blood pour from the bullet hole . Our marriage was finnally over , oh how much i enjoyed hearing him scream , hes tourcher over me was finnaly done . My kids and I would be safe , i felt the power in me , and we could move on . I , < PROPFEMALE > , am a cold-blooded killer . And I enjoyed every delicious second when I killed my husband . 
Apperently wanting to < PROPFEMALE > with your friends is now a crime . Guess I should be arrested . 
This is going to be one of a kickbut daaaay . My supa awesome friend and I get to do some crazy stufff ! Ill tell you everything laterz :DD 
I just have to say , last night was but kicking ! Riding in a limo ! Free food ! Annnnd , plently of dancing :DD 
cant wait to live the life of a modeling actress . of course , all the other side things i shall be doing . And I say that because I know it shall come true . Why ? Becuase I wanna work harder , and take it to the next level 
I just finished applying for < PROPMALE > College . Woooheeee ! One down , one more to go . What a fun and wonderful and momentous moment this is . Ahhhhh maaaan .... T^T IMMM SOOOO TIIIRREDDD AND BOORRREEEDDDD 
1 j|_|5t \\_/\\_/ a|\\||\\|a 5ay t|-|at t|-|15 15 |\\|0t o|\\|ly |-|ar < | , 6|_|t r3ally f|_||\\| !! 
@|\\|y 0|\\|3 \\/\\/|- |0 u| \\||) 3|25t@| \\||) 5 t|-|15 , l1| <3 / \\/ \\y 5t @tu5 :D 
I was accepted into < PROPMALE > college ! Woohoo ! My first step has been accomplished without losing my foot . I hope i can make the next one without sucha worry either ! 
is taking over . If you cant take the heat , put on a fire proof suit and deal with it :D 
For all mah drama family going to the fair tommoraw , I will be there around 11 O clock . See you there ! 
I FEEL SICK ! 
I , Tatyana Brown , a 17 year old fashionista , managed to pack 5 days worth of clothes ( more that 8 outfits ~ with 3 different kinds of shoes , 1 being boots ~ ) into a < PROPFEMALE > on bag . Plus , the suitcase zipped without me having to push down on it . This is a momentous day . 
I really hope we have practice tommorow ! We may have won , but we cant get cocky , and think we are good enough . And if people dont likes dis , remember , you had all of today to rest . The only one who has an excuse ish Fisher 
I am a currently part of a group named D.I.A.L. Our full name is Da Illegal Acts of Love . What we do ? Kidnapp people ... 
So I was super worried , I thought there was something wrong with my phone , becuase it wasnt charging for 2 days . Today I find out that my only problem was that the charger ~ its in two parts for travablilty ~ wasnt completely plugged together . Was I just born stupid ? 
is going to bleach her hair white pretty soon . ohhh yessss . 
We're all we got . It might be rough . But its alright . Because U.N.I.T.Y is all we need . To get out R . E . S . P . E . C . T . And never G . I . V . E . U . P . And keep your H . E . A . D . U . P . And never G . I . V . E . U . P . And keep your H . E . A . D . U . P . And never G . I . V . E . U . P . And keep your H . E . A . D . U . P . And never G . I . V . E . U . P . And keep your H . E . A . D . U . P . And never G . I . V . E . U . P . And keep your H.E.A.D.U.P. 
sooo , i think i might be sick . GO BODY GO ! FIGHT THE PEST ! lskdflsdfjlfdsd . i feel like im about to pass out , and its only 820 at night .... 
I cant stop watching Salad Fingers ( look him up on youtube ) . I really should , becuase this is not something anyone should watch at any age or level of maturity ... 
Upon my pillow , safe in bed , A thousand pictures fill my head , I cannot sleep , my minds aflight , And yet my limbs seem made of lead . What dreams may come , both dark and deep , Of flying wings and soaring leap , As I surrender unto sleep , As I surrender unto sleep . 
I can feel this sickness slowly taking over meh body . So far its managed to conquer my left nostril , my throat , my chest , and my supply of energy . Its time to bring out the big guns . Vitamin C . A.K.A Orange juice 
SO I had a very important Barbizon class that i had to go to today , but im not able to go for reasons not of my own . I dont know if i will gradute on time , and i just have to say , Im tired of not being able to control where im going , how im going to get to said place , or what time im going to get there . My goal for this week is permit . Nothin more , nothing less . 
oooohhh yaa ... thats right . im parting it up with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! We are going to have one hellllckk of a party !! 
Feels a thousand times better . Waay more relaxed . Its amazing what one day can do to you 
when he passes me by , hes a < PROPFIRST > of light . like the first drop of sun from the sky . and i know hes a < PROPMALE > who deserves a < PROPFEMALE > . but im not a < PROPFEMALE > . and he doesnt see me . she has a way that surrounds her so delicate , and the < PROPFEMALE > that reings in her life . she is also so much that , she is not . these things i can see , cause he doesnt see me . \ 
~ < PROPFEMALE > Brightman 
iis gonnaa have a loong and worrysome night . Both my DS ( that i payed for ) and my blackberry fell into my sweet tea . Well , it was more like my DS was swimming in the sweet tea pool that formed in my purse , and my phone just took a quick dip . Oh ya . CONGRATS NORTHSIDE ! JU DID WELL ! :D 
Tanniel Ashley : ~ in gibberish ~ < PROPFEMALE > , how much is it ? < PROPFEMALE > : $33 . Close to $34 . Tanniel Ashley : uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! \ 
xD highlight in our friendship man . oh how the chinese women swindle the hungry black girls . 
all the batters have stepped up to the plate , and they have all struck out . the game is over , and will begin again when the snow stops falling . 
So was all of it a farse ? Because now its starting to seem like it all was . How much have you not told me ? How long were you planning to let me wander around blindsided ? Youve had your fun , youve played your game , and now its over . For you . Becuase now its my turn , and you wont like the rules i play by . 
Is currently learning how to speak scotish . It isnt easy .... 
I just checked my yahoo for the first time in a long while . I have over 1444 emails in it . Good great gawd almight .... 
Day after day/Wishing all our cares away/Tryin fight the things we feel/But some hurts never heal/Some ghost are never gone/But we go on/We still go on . And youll find some way to survive/And youll find out you dont have to be happy at all/To be happier alive/Day after day/Give me clouds & rain & grey/Give me pain if thats what real/Its the price we pay to feel/The price of love lost/But still we pay/We love anyway 
Just did the impossible , all thanks to Tre Barnes :D Thank you sooooo much ! 
I really wanna do some heavy plays again . Im not knocking on WRHS's play choice , i mean , shucks , im loving what they are picking . But I wanna do something like Circe De La Vie again . I love thinking of how the show deals with such painful topics , that it makes people just squirm in there seats . 
Its really quite amazing actually , what Barbizon has done for me . This last 6 months have been just completely amazing , and I would like to say to everyone that I met there , dont worry . This certainly wont be the last time we see each other . You all have made the experince so enjoyable , and I hope I see everyone one of you ether on TV , or on the runway . Love ya ! 
i feel to be in such an amazing mood . i actually cant wait for this week . I have 2 auditions , and i get to go to a puppet museum , and make ( and keep ) my very own puppet ! Mrs. Understandable , you will have a sister soon ! :D 
I must say , i really think my sandwhich making skillz are improving ! This one was a tasty one ! mmm ... i want another ... ahh food . you never fail me . even when your not tasty , you wont get mad if i switch you for something better :D 
Winter Show Audition tommorow ! Im pumped and ready to fight ! DING DING 
I got the part of Narrator 1 ! :DD Thank you Mrs. Fish ! Its been a loong time since ive had the main role . Its gonna be a challenge , i can tell you that . But i have no time to celebrate . I have another audition tomorrow Dx Yaaaaaaa .... 
UPPET MUSEUM TODAY ! :DDD AND PAGEANT AUDITIONS ! 
I had sooo much fun at the puppet museum . I would loove to be a puppeteer also . Guess I should start my chinese finger training ? 
These two days have been the most fun ive had in quite a while :D lets hope it can become 3 days . \ 
Oh ya , does anyone have a petticoat i can borrow/have ? Im not going to do anything to it , i just mainly need it for a base and fluff 
I just asked my mum if i could put her down for hard of hearing , and she said \for what ? \ " xD thats a deffinent check in that box " 
Maybe for you I will try to like coffee . Maybe . Thats a big maybe . As in , dont count on it , but ill put it on my list of things to do . The very bottom . 
is seriously worried . maaaybe you can think of this as the movie < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . the world , but instead of 7 deadly exes , its just one big boss battle to fight ? except im not white ... or asian . no matter what yall say ! 
Im not liking this cartoon as a default picture thing . I cant tell who anyone is anymore Dx it just makes me wanna watch tv 
Just because i want to , im declaring this Friday , being Dec 10th , 2010 , to be National Above the Influence Day . Wear the symbol , share the pride ! Like this if you are willing to do it , and pass the word around ! 
Remember peoples ! Friday is National Above the Influence day ! Please do participate . Write it on your arms ! Leave it around the world ! And most of all , pass it around ! 
is currently in the process of a gigantic makeover . its gonna be a challenge , but it shall be fun ! 
Just might have 2 modeling jobs this weekend ! Yippe !! :D 
I GOT ACCEPTED INTO < PROPMALE > STATE UNIVERSITY !!! like forreall this time . :DDD im so happy i gotta pee again :D 
You know , today was a wonderful day . I made a 87 on my bussiness essentials final , the dentist said I had beautiful teeth , my job was completed with high marks , and I got accepted into the college of my choice . Life is good :D 
You had me wishing we were something ( something ) But left me here with a whole lot of nothing now . This is the end of you and me . and everything i used to be back then , it ment some time , your living a lie and you just cant hide from me 
So the mice that was hiding out in my bathroom cabinet ? Pulled a hudini . I dunno where the little thing is ... 
I must say , I would love to know why they call this break , becuase im busier than ever . Ahhh January . You will be a month for me . Maybe even longer .... 
So my dog ingested some rat poison ... 
So faceybook , ima run away from you , beeecause i gotta continue my memorizing for the play 
Scrooges of the world , UNITE ! 
Going to rehab today . It should be fun . Well ... probably not . If it was like one of those Hollywood rehabs , Id certainly have fun , cuz god knows they only party :D 
Water doesn't clean < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > cleans water ! 
I am completely memorized ! Wooohooo ! Time to go back , refresh , and make funny ! This is when everything will get realllyyy fun ! 
SO i finnaly got meh mind in order . And ive deicided this . Im not doing the pageant , I will blow away the parts of < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Narrator 1 , I will kill it at my photoshoot , I will stick with going to < PROPMALE > , I will start modeling and acting for money , and ultimentally , I will get enough money to spend time with @Pariz Yabuku 
For all those going to see Black Swan , lemmeh tell you the summary of it all : There is a masterbation scene , a sex scene , a lezbo sex scene , a random perverted old man , a bunch of touching each other , a very confusing plot , terrible dialouge , great characterization , and a lame ending . And to put a topper to it all , a massive headache , for its reaaally confusing ... 
Is so close to crying . I was reconnected with all my old friends from England ( they were the same grade as me ) , and it amazing how much they have changed . They are adults , already in college , married , with kids . And I was left behind . Part of me wishes I never moved .. 
I have the feeling that the people in WRHS theatre are planning a thespian breakfast but not telling me about it . My gut tells me so . I mean , we haven't done one in a while . Fess up to your lies !!! 
WHO PASSED THE PERMIT TEST ? I PASSED THE PERMIT TEST ! WHO PASSED THE PERMIT TEST ? ME ME ME ! PERMIT POWER ! PERMIT POWER ! PERMIT POWER P-P-P-POWER ! 
Rehab again today ! I must say , im missing alot of school :D 
FERGET IT ! IF HE REALLY LOVED ME , HE WOULDNT MAKE ME MISS A MEAL JUST TO SEE HIM ! DX evil man 
At 7:41 in the morning , the planets will be alliened , and my metamorphasis complete :D 
Today as a birthday conquest , I am wearing a very simple outfit . BUT ! i will be adding things onto it as the day goes on . Feel free to add anything you want also :D makes it all the more fun ! 
Currently thinking of all the illegal things I can do now . Stalking someone ? Check . Flashing and nudity ? Check . Hitting on minor ? That's a big check on that one . 
Now understands 
ahh facebook ... im back on you after who knows how long . and im about to leave you again for THES CON ! WHOOT WHOOT ! or as < PROPFIRST > Joiner said \Woo ! \"" 
Ever since ive gotten the thespian jacket zip up hoodie , i havent been able to take it off . i dont think i want to wash it , if it loses its fuzzyness 
Thes con was fun . Got closer to my friend peoples :D but unlike y'all , I have no time to rest . Runway fashion show tomorrow . I gotta be spanking . 
Fashion show went amazing , o got to see my college , and I might have an agent sometime soon . Things are really going good for me :D 
Can i say wow ? Like , really boy , your blowing me away . Such a confusing , yet happy situation . 
I looked at the box , and could have cried . I hugged it , and pretended that i was hugging you . God , please tell me why you gave me such an amazing friend like Pariz Yabuku ? I really miss you girl . I miss my home D: 
would like to retrack her statement about Pariz Yabuku . She was an amazing friend until she decided to call me at 6 in the morn , say that i need to stay away to talk to her , then tell me something juicy and hangs up before i can hear the rest . < PROPFEMALE > Yabuku , i dont like your daughter . 
Please tell me why when i go into kroger , and I see a stand of girlscouts selling cookies , I look at one of the scouts and wonder if that person was a boy or girl scout ? And when I go into the bathroom , i find a bag for chicken inside the stalls trashcan ? 
i have been poision by my past . but rid me not of the toxins , for it is what helps me escape my death . 
Brothers Grim went amazing today . Surprised I was able to act even though i have this pouding headache . And tommorrow will hopefully be a amazing day , because then i will find out if i made IMTA or not ! :D I really hope i do ! Cause then id get to go to New York !! 
OH YA ! i forgot to tell everyone , but i got my audition results back for IMTA . I made a 9.5 /10 for my cold read , and a 8.5 /10 for my singing ! Hip hip ! HUZZAHHH ! 
Just finished applying for kroger at three difference places . Heres the catch , i did all threee appllications at the same time . Im sooo tired Dx 
Worried and stressed . Starting to feel it too . Getting quick sick 
\Which seat can I take ? \ " Dunno . Its friday . Be wild . xD " 
; A ; Im still marooned . When does my ship come by and get me hooked ? Im such an angler fish ... 
Pink elephants on parade ... 
Was watching hot in < PROPMALE > , they made a joke that went like this . One person : what's west of Ohio ? Next person : I dunno . < PROPFEMALE > ? I no get the joke 
Well , today's the big day ! Todays the day I try out for the < PROPMALE > State University Theatre Department ! Im going to blow their panties off ! Oh , and ????? < PROPFIRST > Copeland ? Your gonna do mazing cakes ! 
Mum : that's a massive cemetery . Dad : ya , people are just dying to get in there . Ohhh dad . Your puns kill me . Audition went amazing ! The song at least . Find out in a week my results . And < PROPFIRST > Copeland did wonderful ! Valhalla ! 
YOUR RELATIONSHIP IS THANKS TO ME ! 
Now my right arm is buffer than my left . One handed push up anyone ? 
I wannna doooooo something soooo baddddd 
Photoshoot ! Photoshoot ! Photoshoot today ! Curtosy of Cresent < PROPFEMALE > Photography ! Good luck Miri Grace ! And thanks for helping us out ! 
I should go sponshoship hunting today then :D Go eat out while im at it , or something cool 
Photoshoot ! Photoshoot ! Photoshoot today ! Curtosy of Cresent < PROPFEMALE > Photography ! Good luck Miri Grace ! And thanks for helping us out ! forizzle this time 
Photoshoot ! Photoshoot ! Photoshoot today ! Curtosy of Cresent < PROPFEMALE > Photography ! Good luck Miri Gracei Grace ! And thanks for helping us out ! :D i wanted her name to be tagged 
If ever I see you again , maybe this , itll work alright . Maybe this time , we won't goodbye , but only goodnight . With a love that won't end , if ever I see you again . :D 
Sontaneous photoshoot with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Sanders ! Hopes it works out all good ! :D 
< PROPFIRST > Momo Sanders house ftw ! 
Momo is cleansing my facebook :3 
Ahhhhhh . Tommorrow is Monday . Let initiations begin . I hope the day goes by slow . I want to enjoy each day playing nicely with my loverly initiates :D 
Im so emotionally drained . To much empathy 
