Is a very happy man ! :) 

lets see how much more shit can get fucked up in the next day and ruin things .... 
Hi < PROPFEMALE > .. i love u ! 
Distance cannot separate our two joined hearts , I believe in us . 
Boy you think missing me is hard you should really try missing you its even harder 
damn times up ..... gotta run .... 
One of the best things in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still loves you and wants to be a part of all the craziness :) 
if one day u feel lonely , feel like u have nobody , just remember to look back , u will always find me , i will always be there for u 
I love when your smile makes me smile , when your kiss sends sparks all through me ... but most of all , I love you for being you <3 i love you baby 
oops .. hehe went kinda nuts there ... 
WOOHOO !! Steelers won !! 
... Life isn't about being someone others want you to be ... it's about being yourself , and accepting yourself and others , for who they really are . 
id rather sleep than sit up , because when i stay up i think of u , but when i dream of u i actually get to c u ! (: i <3 u 
When it hurts to look back and you're too scared to look ahead , just look beside you and your best friend will be there 
I'd humor you if I could , but I can't go to Hell anymore . Satan filed a restraining order when I stole his horns ... off of his head ... yeah ... 
... I came to the dark side , now where the Hell is my cookie ?! 
Hmm ... I would say my hair if i was bein a smartass .. But im not so .. If u must know .. Stupidity .. 
Kindness in words creates confidence . Kindness in thinking creates profoundness . Kindness in giving creates love . ~ Lao Tzu 
missing someone isn't easy , but having someone to miss is wonderful , and even better is the anticipation and excitement of getting to see them again . :D 
why cant it be friday ?!? this sucks 
hey !! who stole m fortune cookie ?!?! give it back ... i havent read it yet 
hmmm ... what can i do now ... 
arent there any drama free women out there ?!? 
Don't walk into someones life if you intend to leave them 
k ... well i been drinkin and its kickin in so im off to bed now if anyone sees this and cares to respond , go ahead and i will get back to u as soon as i can probably when i see any responses hehe .... 
... is deciding whether to let < PROPFEMALE > slap you in the face or if i should just do it by myself ! 
Regrets , I've had plenty . Memories , I've had millions . Smiles , I've had trillions , but having you as my friend is the best thing in my life . Thanks for being you . 
yep i went nuts .... LOL :) 
... don't tell me you care about me when you don't! I can handle the truth ! what I can't handle is you playing with my head & my heart !! 
Everyone keeps calling me mean , evil , etc . Do you seriously think that's an insult to me ? 
has decided there's one good thing about being single !! The only person that can let you down is yourself ! 
is looking for someone who will accept me for me . MY attitude , MY sarcasm , MY way of showing affection , and MY way of living life . 
damn it im out of rum that sucks 
done with dating .... and relationships 
Says Man Was Put On This Earth To Suffer .... Woman Was Put On This Earth To Make Sure It Happens !! =] ( ironically it was woman who started it all ) 
YES !!! Steelers won WOOHOO !!! 
have you ever thought about looking through my eyes and seeing the world the way i do ? well maybe u should cause then u would understand . 
its amazing what boredom and stress does to a person ... not to mention other things .... 
going insane ... 
feel a bit better now been talkin with my pinky 
I was told to check my attitude .. I did .. It's still there .. it's not gone anywhere .. what's the problem ? 
my whole life I've been told ' if u cant say anything nice don't say anything at all ' but then people are sitting there wondering why I'm SO quiet all the time 
going to watch a movie i guess .. nothng better to do right now ... 
got a new job , WOOHOO !! watch me go now !!! HAH !!! take that ppl who didnt believe in me .... 
is simply me :) dont like me ... not my problem .. take me as i am or dont take me at all :) 
what you did to me is not as bad as what someone else will do to u in the future so keep it up < PROPFEMALE>'s worse than you think 
has zero intentions of pleasing anyone anymore , its all about me now ! If you don't like it , remember how you got here so you can leave the same way ! 
good night to those who are still my friends , cya on the flip side , oh yeah i already flipped lol ... 
A real friend is someone who has seen you at your worst , but still sees the best in you . <3 
a friend will stick up for you and calm you down when your mad , but a best friend will skip alongside you with a shovel giggling \someones gonna get it ! \"" 
we all have to have something to do before going to work or just pass silly time away , me ? im addicted to status shuffle ... deal with it ... hehe :) 
face me if u dare unless ur chicken , .... i eat chickens 
seems like some ppl should take thier own advice and have a little < PROPFEMALE > .... thats my final word , i dare a response ... 
wow this sucks noone to talk to ... 
ahhh .... forget it im outta here 
ok peeps im off to work have a good evening .... 
b-e-a-u-tiful perfect end to a perfect day .... noone to talk to fucking grand :( 
whats worse is i cant even get drunk .... 
hmmpph should have known better ..... 
now thats what i needed thank you shen tzu 
whats on my mind ? hmm , thats a silly question , my hair 
yay time for some tunes 
i love my friends they are the greatest !! dont ever change 
stop asking me whats on my mind , maybe its none of your business , ... sheesh how intrusive .... :P 
GO STEELERS !!! 
NEWS FLASH !!! man kills for vitamins ... the story tonite at 11 ... 
YES !! 10 pitt nyj 0 6 < PROPFEMALE > 2nd qtr woohoo keep goin guys :) 
oh yeah !! 24 to 0 WOOHOO !! 
Truth is reality . Wisdom is what you do with it . But , if you aren't being told the whole truth how can you make a wise decision ? 
yay i get my vitamin fix in an hr and a half woohoo ... :P 
oh pinky ? i need u to take over working these new plans to take over the world till i get back ... and remember dont touch those vials u remember what happened last time ..? 
ok see everyone later off to work i go ... no im not gonna say it .. 
i so know what im doin come payday(besides payin bills ) 
yesterday was a very emotional day for me , I took my pet rock out for a swim , and it drowned 
is sick of being told what i am doing wrong .. would be nice is someone noticed when i do something right ! 
\A friend is one who believes in you when you have ceased to believe in yourself . \"" 
off to work i go ... again just wish it was friday 
TGIF !!! cant wait till i get off work tonite woohoo !! 
oh pinky ? where are you ? and why isnt my next project to take over the world finished yet ? hmmm ??? 
what a boring cold day .... 
be back in a minute 
is amazed that you people put up with all of my crazy crap and love me enough to call me your friend ! :D 
oh oh cake !! has sugar mmm ... that will do it 
I'm not crazy I'm just special ! No wait maybe I am crazy .. One second , I have to talk to myself about this hold on ... 
oi .... pink < PROPMALE > yup yup 
almost that time again ... just have to remember ... just keep swimming , just keep swimming ... :P 
ok peeps good night goin to bed now , but i think its more like good morning for you , hmmmm 
never put your time and effort into someone who isn't willing to do the same .. its not worth the ache ... 
As a matter of fact , i do live in my own world , and only invited people are allowed to enter ! 
Never try to convince anyone of your worth . If they can't see it for themselves , then you are not in their line of vision . 
officially HATES febuary ....!!!! 
to those of u who truly know me you are exempt from this statement .... taoist immortal is now officially going to be the EVIL and MEAN person people say he is .. and those of you who dont know me BEWARE!!!!' 
ok ppl farmville is gone , im not going to play that anymore 
is not feeling well at all .... :( 
so tired ... cant sleep this sucks .... \ 
so glad i dont get sick very often 
nobody loves me anymore , thats ok though i can entertain myself i have rum 
im a closet case what can i say ??? my straight jacket is lonely ... :P 
is starting to look at life in a whole new way ... 
You can't change the hand your dealt but you can change the way you play the game 
damn it whos winning ...?!?! 
DISGUSTED AND DISAPPOINTED !!!! damn .... 
im off work beckons we will see if they send me home :P 
its hard to make decisions when your gut instinct is confused and your head and heart are fighting , why isnt there a < PROPMALE > for this ?! 
well i guess i know i have all the answers to any of my questions now !! 
whats on YOUR mind ? 
wanting some warm weather for a change ... tired of cold weather :( 
well its bedtime for this beast ... heheh ... :P 
cant wait till valentines day is over ... 
about to get my drink on !! so , i plead the fourth , the fifth , and the sixth on anything i say from here on out ... 
wishes the release of his soul from this energy trapping thing called life , true peace is only acheived when trapped energy is released ... energy is better suited to be unconfined and unrestrained .... life is like a battery and it eventually loses its power and becomes useless and pointless ... how interesting 
the next person that that tells me happy valentines day .... so help me GRRRRR ................ 
my new saying ... ' i dont FIT in your ' REALITY ' ' 
well this sucks get to work and my car decides to be retarded ... HAHAHAHAHAHA ..... thats all i can do is laugh .... life is great grand and f*cking glorious the 3g's 
has this OVERWHELMING urge to kill everything in his path .......... 
GGGRRRRRRAAAAAAAGGGGHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! 
well ive been told on multiple occasions that im EVIL , well i guess i better start living up to it , i would hate for people to think that i cant live up to what they say or think i am ... that would be ummm ..... disasterous ..... so to speak ... 
so anyway i feel better , now time for a shot or 2 and off to bed for this beast ... MWUAH HAHAHAHA ..... 
ok off now leave ur comments in the mailbox and i will get to them later .... if i feel like it ... hehehehe 
damn it ... got a ticket on the way to work ... GRRRRR ..... im so freakin excited i could hug a freakin rainbow ... 
has a very deep and dark soul and its about to get darker ...... 
is playing with the rust at the bottom of the barrel .. no , its my rust ... stop that !! 
if you really want to know whats on my mind i will tell you but you will need a straight jacket when im done .... hehehe :P 
wow the audacity of some people is staggering ... unbelievable !!! 
you know ... its hard to do a pinky and the brain bit when your pinky is gone ?!? 
I take each day one anxiety attack at a time ! 
PINKY ?!? is that you ? 
yay its my friday !! take that monday , hahahah 
Warning this person is dangerous when left unattended 
is wondering if people really know what a 3g day is ? 
woohoo almost done 3 and half hrs to go :) 
It's Sons Week ! If you have a handsome son or sons that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! 
work , sleep , work , sleep , thats all .... 
goodbye fb .... 
Anyone can touch your body , a few will touch your heart , but one will touch your soul . 
bloody hell ... gettin tired 
damn it ... i hate that !! all my wittiest remarks are always too late ... :( 
is very bored . I bet you are too . Why else would you have just sat there and read my status when you didn't need to . See I told you that you were bored too . 
is contemplating a nap .... thinking ..... still thinking ..... 
oh man now i have competition on status shuffle ?!? 
happy birthday < PROPMALE > :) 
wow that was the quickest nap i never knew i took till i woke up ... 
is looking for something to get into -- leave suggestions below :-) 
whom ever was in charge , to make sure I did no dumb stuff .. well your fired ! 
why is it that when you are tired your mind and body turn against you and sleep becomes the most elusive thing ... sorry but an hr here and 2 hrs there does NOT constitute decent sleep .... grrrr 
it is alive ......!!! 
Helping someone else through their troubles can often make your own go away if even for a few moments 
may not have everything he wants , but has everything he needs 
ok i think im done .... no .. wait ... i feel a couple more coming ... no wait im done .. 
heheh i feel loved :) 
my mind ... 
everyone should remember one thing .... beauty is in the eye of the beholder including but not limited to self !! 
Of course I'm weird ! Why would I ever want to be normal ? 
has lost his mind . If found handle with extreme caution it may be dirty and is definitely dangerous ! 
has been known to cause dizziness , confusion , heart palpitations , temporary insanity , mood swings , depression , and the giggles . Use with caution . 
my dream is to be the < PROPFEMALE > in my pic cuz then i can slap you with my paws and u wont hurt me cuz im cute .... :P 
has returned from the dead does anyone want to know what death is like ?! :P 
has decided to run away to the magic kingdom at the center of the earth 
hmmm ... seems someone has decided to unfriend me ... well i guess thats fine .. whos next ?! 
what a f'd up week this is goin to be 
shot one down ... 
my mom always said if u have nothing nice to say dont say anything .. well i heed those words ... untill a certain given time ... then all hell breaks loose :P 
ok im going to attepmt a shower now and go to bed , seems i cant do anything right which is no surprise to me .. 
has once again risen from the dead , and has to haunt someone or something so i shall return to do this momentarily ... mwahahahahah :) 
is wondering why people take things i say the wrong way ... when im just being myself ...?!? 
my thought of the night just before i start working ..... DUH !!!!! 
If you could have one nickname for me what would it be ( comment ) (: 
holy moo cows im buzzed ... might be time for bed soon ... 
has decided that chasing his ' tail ' is far easier , because he will eventually catch it , everything else is too tricky ..... :P 
oh look !! another random comment ... blah blah yackety shmackety !! 
damn it my hand hurts !!! :( 
Be the person YOU are happy with , NOT who everyone else is happy with ! 
They say good things are worth the wait .. I'm wondering what the hell my number is and how long the wait time is !!! 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS & SEE HOW PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 . Crazy 2 . I'd kiss you 3 . Hyper 4 . Jerk 5 . I miss you 6 . Best friend 7 . Pretty 8 . Smart 9 . Dumb 10 . I would date you 11 . Random 12 . Hot 13 . Funny 14 . Huggable 15 . Amazing 16 . Tough 17 . Cute 18 . Beautiful 19 . Loud 20 . Awesome ! 21 . I love you (: 
ok i really need a sanctuary .... the closet just isnt working .... :P 
new names ... midnightfantasy , deadly whispers and < PROPFIRST > oleander XD 
love me , hate me , think im crazy , think im wierd , it doesnt matter im still me !! 
is suffering the dain bramage ..... 
well now that was absolutely mind blowing .... i feel like .... wow .... just WOW !! 
well me it was nice talking to myself your a credit to dementia ... have fun and good night 
there is a method to my madness and a madness to my method !! 
My true face hidden , My emotions locked away , My mind screams , With words I'll never say . 
is wondering .... if u die in your dream do you die in life ? 
guess the song ' im blue ' from eiffel 65 fits then eh ? 
ok one of 2 things here im laughing cuz of lack of sleep ( delirium ) or im laughing cuz of what someone said ..... i think its a little from column A and a little from column B ... 
Follow your instincts , Sagittarius . Even if you have a tendency to listen more to reason , put it aside today . While your ears hear words , your intuition can hear what's between the words and unsaid , providing you with a bigger picture than whatever is presented . If everything sounds right but feels wrong , you'd be better off trusting your feelings . Act with careful consideration and caution . 
YAY !! i have 2 of 3 animaniacs now woo hoo !! 
brb modifications 
k back 
just lost his happy thoughts .......... 
is so anxious .... grrrrr .... cant contain it ...... 
has just decided that shrek is my new sleeping pill ... :P 
ok im going to save you all the trouble .... YES i am a brat , and there is nothing you can do about it !!!! HEHEHE !! :D 
pretty bad when i beat everyone to work .... 
ok this is my status but im not going back in there to make it one ...... \ 
\ 
is having a 4g day ( for those of you who do not know what 4g stands for here you go .... good , great , grand and glorious ! 
has risen from the dead and would rather be back with them ... 
LIES !! its all LIES !!.......................... all of it ..... 
signing off .... yltnenamrep 
is about to sell his soul for some good luck about now ...... 
It's not that I CAN'T be good , it's that I'm SO much better at being BAD !!! 
why isnt it friday yet ?? 
one final thought .... here is a piece of philosophy for you ... are you or are you not your own ' higher power ' as to say you are your own judge , jury and executioner ? ... really think about that !!! give it some serious thought 
has decided at this very point ... if u cant accept me for me then you can leave my life and never return , if i am too weird or strange or dont fit to your liking then please !!! dont waste my time or yours ... it will save alot by doing so ... so please choose now ... i already know who some of my true friends are and if they know me then they will not be worried ... 
you know something is wrong when you have to use alcohol to put your ass to sleep and it only works for a few hrs anyway .... 
i really need someone to smack over the head with a 2X4 or a bat and put my ass out ... because i really dont want to use drastic measures .... ( trust me u dont want to know ) 
ok this is really unusual for me to say , but i am really starting to miss SLC ..... :( 
oh great ... now i guess im an alcoholic ... i drink alone and try and sleep guess i better up it to 2 fifths a week so i can sleep .... hahaha now thats a laugh in itself .. what is sleep ??!! 
see what i mean ??? fuc * .......!!!!! 
cool ... noone wants to talk to me then .... SEE YA .... 
ok here it is .... if anyone wants get a hold of me then u can text me or call me my number is in my profile if u dont have it and those who do well there you go ....... IM DONE !!!! 
here is a riddle .... i am everything and i am nothing as well .. what am i ? 
A longing for what could have been . Regret . 
IS OFFICIALLY DIVORCED !!!! WOOHOO !!!! as of 7 days ago !! HELL YEAH !! 
hello people !!!! history has just repeated itself .. we are facing another england as far as the one that this country was created from ( from within ) now what are we going to do about it ?? WE THE PEOPLE !!!! god damn it when is everyone gonna wake up ???? 
yay !! i have my blanket .... just call me linus 
has decided he is better off chasing his proverbial tail ... until he gets dizzy and falls down , then he is gonna get up and do it again ... 
is expanding his horizons in many ways .... 
Alarm , snooze , alarm , snooze , alarm , BRICK . OK I'm awake ! Check FB , Dr. Pepper , shower , dressed , Dr. Pepper . Pick up alarm pieces ... OK , BRING ON THE DAY !!! 
cool im already losing friends ?! NICE !! 
is grateful for what he has in life . I don't have much but being grateful for what I do have will lead to my own happiness 
My feelings ? Oh don't worry about those , no one else does 
wonders why he even tries anymore , it only ends in failure . 
would anybody notice if i just disappeared ? 
why is everything in life a double edged sword ?? 
one week left .... 
wow ... i didnt want to talk to anyone anyway ........ so :P 
You and I end up in a police car together : using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so i may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you think !!! 
i REALLY need a new laptop ... :( 
We all have at least 60 friends on facebook ; but when it comes to needing someone to talk to , how many will actually be there for you ? I can guarantee you , not even 15 of your facebook friends will like this status . If you would be there for me , set this as your status & see how many of us are there for you !!! ( i just did it for one of my ...... friends ) ... hmmm lets try It out & see 
out of town will get back in a day or two so will catch some of you when i get back hugs to all .... :D :) 
glad i came down here met up with an old friend i havent seen in over a yr ... :) 
for sale- 1 heart , dont want it anymore 
stress sucks ..... 
back home now ... 
im done with everything ............... so long ..... 
Salary of the US President , $ 400,000 ; Salary of retired US Presidents , $ 180,000 . Salary of House/Senate , $ 174,000 ; Salary of Speaker of House ... $ 223,500 ; Salary of Majority/Minority Leaders ... $ 193,400 ... Avg US Salary ... $ 33,000 to $ 77,000 . Avg military salary $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 HELLO ! I think we found where the cuts should be made ! If you agree repost ! I think we should start from the top & work our way down . 
Development of Western Consciousness , The 
note to self .... drink rum not inhale it 
hmmm .... had a really good thought then i lost it .... 
wow im really numb ..... :P 
guess i need to go through friends list ..... \ 
remove those who dont talk to me anymore ..... 
oooh have the spins\ 
NICE !! 
my screen wont stop spinning .... :S 
damn !!!! i love rum !!! i can get smashed and the next day is just like i never even drank :D 
is so bored , my boredom is bored .... go figure 
new societal definition : society has been created by anal retentive people who ' say ' what normal is , ok well here is what i say to those people ' YOU ' are not normal simply because you are afraid of yourself , and there IS NO definition for normal , and im far from finished with this thought .. but i will be back .... deadly whiskers 
woo hoo when the hay season comes i get to go < PROPMALE > hay YAY ME !!! :D 
i need my pinky .... where is my pinky ?? :( 
think about the good things i did to you , and think about the bad things that i didnt do 
Remember back in grade school how the only acceptable way to get someone to notice you was to aggravate them ? Pretend you're back there , and someone's recent behavior will finally make sense . 
wow this really sucks i have all these movies and cant decide what to watch .... :( 
again i reiterate ........... has finally accepted that he will NEVER be good enough for anyone 
you know i have to wonder what women want these days ... i aint perfect , i aint < PROPMALE > , and im not the greatest conversationalist , i am who i am take me as i am or watch me as i go .... thats all there is to it otherwise im done ... i have no more energy for the guessing games(i actually despise guessing games ) 
guess i will watch humanity fall and shake my head and turn my back and walk away 
mmmm .... chocolate covered cinnamon bears .... my weakness .... 
wow ... home alone and bored as hell .... woo hoo yay me !! 
off to work have fun ..... 
We all have at least 60 friends on facebook ; but when it comes to needing someone to talk to , how many will actually be there for you ? I can guarantee you , not even 15 of your facebook friends will like this status . If you would be there for me , set this as your status & see how many of us are there for you !!! ( I just did it for one of my friends ! ) ... hmmm , let's try it out & see 
i have some new poetry out on < PROPFEMALE > poetry , titles are brightness in sorrow , and the eternal < PROPMALE > if anyone is interested i wouldnt mind some input\ 
thanks .. 
This is so sad : Please put this on your status if you know or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real & should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a stupid person right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity & sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness ! 93% won't repost this because they don't know how to copy & paste . 
oohhh my head hurts .... no sleep ... uunnghg !! 
wants to go out this weekend ... but doesnt know if he can ... trying to trade in car .. :( and :) 
is so tired even after 7hrs of sleep , even his headache has a headache 
needs some good company ... ( keep wishin dude ) 
its a real shame some people cant be open minded ... so lets see how fUcKeD up i can get hehehe 
says screw being normal . If you're normal , people accept you . If you're deranged , people make you their leader . 
