golfing w/ < PROPFIRST > then < PROPFEMALE>'s b-day party ! 

tomorrow is the last day i'm in the united states for 2 weeks Europe in less then 2 days :D 
feels like today is pretty dang amazing so far . asked a knockout question and got the answer too :) 
just finished packing :) 
is going to be in Europe !!! for 2 weeks :D 
is back from Europe . wow what a trip 
is goin out 
should be tired right now . but feels great ! 
is trying to upload some Europe pics 
workin again today 8-5 
got off work early ... 1st time in along time that happened lol so i'd happy :) 
is almost done uploading Europe pictures :) 
done uploading Europe pictures :] 
Happy 4th of July !!! going to a cousins picnic in State College then watching the fireworks in Penn State ! 
grad party then fire @ the < PROPFIRST>'s 
workin 8-5 . 
is goin to relax tonight . nice for a change .. 
why do i always lose what seems to be right in front of me . i've ran < PROPMALE > but can't stop running in place . thought but never did . dreamed but haven't acted ... 
sleep :) 
swim meet @ st. < PROPFIRST > .... my 1st meet of the year is the team's last :) 
feelin fantastic :] 
< PROPMALE > Azteca for lunch ! 
packin for outdoor odyseey 
is goin to be @ Outdoor Odyseey for the whole week . i'll be back on the 18th ! 
back from outdoor odyssey ... what a week ! :) 
over to < PROPFIRST>'s for the night ... then golf tournament in the morning 
after being on a ' magic mountain ' for a week & then comin back to a party u soon discover how hard reality hits . harder then a ton of bricks ... 
packin alll day for new orleans . 
sleep then New Orleans ! yea :) 
is in New Orleans !!!! ELCA National Youth Gathering :D 
is in New Orleans for only 1 more day . amazin week :) 
back from new orleans ... & disney world . it feels great to finally be home tonight :D 
i get down when he lifts me up ! 
golfin wit the bro 
thinks u should check out the new pics from new orleans :) 
jst uploaded some disney pics 
kennywood with youth group ! 
aaaba for the evening . 
aaaba got postponed & i got a lil wet but ya kno life is all good . 
is out in ohio til sunday visiting relatives ! i'm 17 in less then 3 days :D 
loves the happy birthday posts :D it was a good one ... now i'm tryin to get in some golf before 1st practice tomorrow . great 
golf practice 
golf practice & qualifyin . great . 
was on the front < PROPFEMALE > of today's Tribune Democrat ! up to a movie later ... 
is going to spend the precious hours between now & 7:55 tomorrow working(6-9 ) :( then sleepin away :) 
only 179 left 
What's the use of worrying ? It never was worthwhile . - < PROPFIRST > Asaf 
turnin the swagga on after beatin north < PROPFEMALE > today 
not going to school tomorrow ! breakfast with mr. cable & team in mornin then golfin all day long @ < PROPMALE > Tournament . football game @ night . fridays dont get better then this 
105 today @ the < PROPMALE > . eh not so good :( 
english test tomorrow ? yea i havent been in that class more then twice this year . great . here we go steelers ..... 
game @ windber . ramblers will be gettin speared through the head .... 
proud to be an Indian after tonight 
thinks jesus is his H2O . you can't live without water 
is playin 36 holes @ sunnehanna today no school ! 
medalist in the match against rockwood with a 43 baby . but team lost WestPac 
indians will be whippin those mustangs after they ride all over em tonight 
Pirates Game w/ Outdoor Odyssey munchkins for the day ! 
WestPac championship golf tourny @ windber all day NO SCHOOL :D 
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile , but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy .... 
i lied when i said i wouldn't be @ school today 
taking a nap for the 1st time in a long time 
won't be in school tomorrow . golfin all day ! 
shot a few shots over the number of photos of himself on facebook . thats not good .... but i still missed school .... & no school tomorrow for me either ! i'll be enjoyin a 3hr car trip to mcconellsburg wit cable & the golf team instead 
For by grace you have been saved through faith , and that not of yourselves ; it is the gift of God , not of works , lest anyone should boast . -Ephesians 2:8 -9 
homecoming game ! 
ren faire = $14 ; being cold , wet & watching jousting , a human chess match & hypnosis = priceless 
Outdoor Odyssey Refresher ! 
vanilla bean icream topped with melted peanut butter & sliced banana 
is @ strike 6 or so in miss risch's room . i kno she just loves me 
party tonight 
cause it's all love tonight , as we step across the line . As we sail across the sea , to a city with one < PROPMALE > , a city on our knees ... 
sometimes i wish i wouldnt waste so many oppurtunities 
2hr delay today . out early tomorrow . thanksgiving on thursday ! long weekend . nice :) 
Be joyful always , pray at all times , be thankful in all circumstances . 1 Thessalonians 5.16 
takin the fan bus to the state quarter final game . let's go indians ! 
loves being able to eat everything in sight during swim season and never get fat :) 
i love christmas ! i love jesus ! & I love the snow ! 
doing what pretty much everyone else is doing , watching the winter classic and the pens beat the capitals 
Do you know what really makes me smile ? Facial muscles 
i'm tired of hiding behind the curtain while you're the actor out on center stage .. 
i don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul 
everyone dies ... but not everyone lives 
Show me your < PROPFEMALE > . Send down your presence , I want to see your face . Majesty shines about you . I can't go on without you , Lord . 
the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience , but where he stands at times of challenge & controversey ... \- MLK jr. " 
thinks things are lookin just fine 
red bull energy drinks + lots of snow + dark = good time sledriding 
just got two tickets for the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > & skillet concert . i'm stoked ! 
we don't need to please when we got the proof . we be on our knees when we raise the roof ! 
stoked for speech team states . don't know how bout i placed 1st in the district :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > & I make a sped salsa pair . but we know how to break it down :) < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ... i hope you're parents give me a shot at redemption hahaha :) what a good time !! :) 
somethin tells me i'm into somethin good 
i'm a finalist to make nationals !!! ( now i have to sit & wait for my draw ) & results 
is the regional champion in extmporaneous speaking ! i qualified for national competition in omaha , nebraska !! saying i'm stoked would be an understatement :) 
I can do all things through Him who strengthens me . - Philippians 4:13 
heading to the little kid's school to read , \Diary of a Wimpy Kid\ " for reading night .... i'm not sure whether to be excited or scared ! " 
ready to kick some nerdy butts @ states tomorrow in extemp :-) 
made it to state semi-finals ... i'm keepin my fingers crossed :D 
is sitting in the final round of states right now !!! 
took 3rd in the state in extemp . what a day ! 
no school tomorrow ... so i'm pretty happy :) 
today somebody told me i looked familiar to them ... then they told me that person got shot @ a subway a few years back 
seeing the musical tonight :) 
the musical was so good ! great job to all the cast 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > & skillet concert ! bringin the love to j-town . 
thinks all the healthcare statuses are lovely . abortions aren't paid for & if people like their own healthcare than they keep it . doesnt sound too bad to me :P 
got high today . green tea leaves = natural divine essence 
Dance-a-thon . probably gonna be packed with little 7th grade boys ... but hey , its all for a good cause ! 
had an interesting evening . but that'd an understatement . wow . 
gettin much needed sleep :) 
We wanna see your face , so tear the roof off this place . Jesus , break open the sky ! 
had another fabulous monday evening @ the < PROPMALE>'s :) 
i've got my eyes wide open , my hopes unbroken 
the more i think about it ... the more it seems like life is way better outside the walls of Conemaugh Township High School . i can't wait for graduation ! 
no , i do not know how many calories are in an apple or an orange ! but the better question to ask would be .. Does anyone care ? i could easily answer that one for ya :) 
Pittsburgh Zoo for the day to see a whole bunch of animals with a big group of party animals from Outdoor Odyssey :) 
allergies might be my downfall . i'm waiting for my nose to just fall off sometime soon 
I feel like I can’t miss . I know they want me to fall . But ain’t nothing bigger than this . So just pass me the ball 
is going to 3 different proms . i'm stoked :) 
after 23 hours and 32 mintues without power , the lights came back on ! 
working on the college research project , \Destined to be a Nittany Lion Party Boy Or Religious College Goody Boy ? \ " ... if only the project was 5% intriguing as the lame title ... " 
would like to thank < PROPFEMALE > Haburcsak for a great night . ;) 
got out of school for half the day . came back to an outdoor grill . then left early again ... life is good :) 
... do not worry about tomorrow , for tomorrow will worry about itself . Each day has enough trouble of its own . < PROPFIRST > 6:34 
going to experiment with the smoothie maker and whip up a tasty treat :) 
i'm not sure why i bring so many books home from school when i know i won't work on anything anyways ! :) 
make your smile change the world , don't let the world change your smile :] 
SAT's in the morning :/ 
Weather-wise it's such a lovely day . \ 
Come fly with me , let's fly , let's fly away 
i am officially stoked for prom ! :D 
i gotta feeling , that tonight's gonna be a good night 
ACCORDING TO URBAN DICTIONARY ... \ 
1 . < PROPFIRST > -The first Man to ever get laid . \ 
2 . < PROPFIRST > - a goofy , funny , crazii , outgoing , loving person ! \ 
a guy with this name is amazing . he is adorable and very caring person . he will always be there for you . he might have the nicknamegoober . he can make you laugh no matter what , even if ur having the worst day ever .. remarkable .. trustworthy\ 
3 . < PROPFIRST > - An adorable boy , who is great in many ways 
A smile is a curve that sets a lot of things straight :) 
north < PROPFEMALE>'s prom ! 
let the good times roll :] 
The tension is here between who you are and who you could be . between how it is and how it should be . i dare you to move 
westmont's prom ! :P 
sometimes happiness comes from where you'd least expect it ... 
after the bio review , bio attachments , bio final , chem project , chem interview , cultures binder , cultures final , spanish final , trig test , & english scrapbook i think i will definately be ready for school to end ! 
something tells me i'm into something good :] 
will be in omaha , nebraska tomorrow right now :] 
back from omaha ! 
aloha dance . 
imma senior !!! 
Of all the things I felt but never really shown . Perhaps the worst is that I ever let you go . It's not over tonight . Just give me one more < PROPMALE > to make it right . I may not make it through the night . I won't go home without you . - Maroon 5 
when you kneel for Jesus .. you can stand up to anything 
note to self : next summer try not to get poison < PROPFEMALE > on the first day out of school .. 
even the best fall down sometimes . even the wrong words seem to rhyme . out of the doubt that fills my mind . i somehow find , you and I , collide . 
packin it up for washington dc . 
DC for the week with 4 kids i don't know ... yet :) 
dc is pretty much amazing 
gotta little taste of the united states of < PROPFEMALE > this week , it was amazing ... back from dc . 
off to < PROPMALE>'s grad party 
off to shippensburg for a week 
back home tomorrow . home sweet home :) 
life's a party 
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra . ~ Jimmy < PROPMALE > 
just got an iPhone 4g !!! \ 
& to be perfectly honest ... life is pretty amazing right now :D 
iPhone is sweet haha 
Kennywood tomorrow ! 
hunky dory 
< PROPFEMALE > Barkman is going to be proved wrong :P 
packing could never get more boring 
heading off to nyc :D 
lady gaga's playing on the today show tomorrow , and I'm in NYC . I kno what I'll be doing tomorrow :) 
johnstown isn't all that bad 
sitting in medwell because I might have a broken foot .... 
at lycoming college for a week 
wakin up at 5:45 tomorrow , tonight is just a power nap :P 
baby I like it , the way you move on the floor . baby I like it , come on and give me some more 
PFEW is over . but the game changa lives on !! what week . thanks to H1 , trombetta , and everyone else for all the memories ! :) 
life is lookin pretty good :) 
you're hard to read . but then again , i never liked books much anyway 
stuck at home :/ 
good times never seemed so good . 
< PROPFEMALE > miller's picnic ! :] 
sleep ! :] 
outdoor odyssey for the week ! 
back home ! 
golf with my brother ! :) 
I’m not afraid to take a stand . Everybody come take my hand . We’ll walk this road together , through the storm . Whatever weather , cold or warm . Just let you know that , you’re not alone . 
you are quick to judge , but slow to act . 
so my brother just got on my facebook , cool 
feelin chipper 
in the buckeye state til sunday ! 
watching thunderstorms from my aunts 
don't ya know that it hurts so good . 
after omaha nebraska , washington dc , Keystone Boys State , NYC , PFEW , Outdoor Odyssey , and Ohio , summer trips are finally over . its good to be home :] 
tearin it up at northfork with < PROPFIRST > Stephens then off to the aaaba game for opening night :] 
its good to go to bed satisfied . 
it's really hot out .. 
personally i don't care where the road goes , i'm here for the ride . 
Tell me what you want to hear . Something that were like those years . Sick of all the insincere . So I'm gonna give all my secrets away 
golfing it up 
I better find your lovin . I better find your heart . It’s more than just a mission . Hey , Hey , Hey ... you hear but you don’t listen ... Hey , Hey , Hey ... You better pay attention ... Hey , Hey , Hey .. and get what you been missing 
sipping a jones soda & doing my summer reading out on the porch until i see the meteor shower 
Love life and life will love you back . 
thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes , my 18th birthday was amazing :) 
eating black goldfish at work 
lesbians decided to crash the ymca 
bought my first lottery ticket and won $2 . success 
spending some quality time at the corner cafe in davidsville with < PROPFIRST > Moyer then off to work at the Y 5-9 . 
the new eminem cd is amazing 
if i had a time machine , im passin ya , < PROPFEMALE > man 
got to love the weekend 
the best way to predict the future is to invent it . ~ Alan < PROPFEMALE > 
At least it doesnt feel like winter right now , on the last day of summer . 
i will really really miss summer 
& then there were 179 to go ... 
\It's beautiful . \"~ < PROPMALE > McConnell speaking of how rappers put metaphors and awesome lyrics into rap songs .. " 
the < PROPFIRST > kong buffet 
playing in the most hardcore bean bag toss tournament of my life 
lets fly away 
chillin 
blasting music in the car never gets old 
ethnic festival :) 
when everything's made to be broken , i just want you to know who i am 
bed , school , then golf against windber ! 
out of school all day long for a golf tournament . life is good :) 
college applications and that fun stuff 
the more i think about college the more confused i get 
out of school for opera fest at Richland ! 
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore . 
out to eat then over to senior night to watch the soccer games 
look for the girl with a broken smile , ask her if she wants to stay a while . and she will be loved 
doing absolutely nothing productive and loving every second of it 
not liking school work 
so glad tomorrow is friday 
windber ain't got nuthin 
apparently the inventor of Segways died in a freak accident after riding one of his machines off a < PROPMALE > ... and plunging into a river 30 feet down . \ 
and i had always thought it'd be cool to have own of those . 
college applications take over my free time 
out of school more this week than being in school ... to golf . gotta love it . 
madness is like gravity , all you need is a little push ! 
2 hours to clean 2 charter buses and there's 5 more to go . sweet ! what a great way to spend the evening 
save tonight and fight the break of < PROPFEMALE > 
portage is going to feel what its like to lose tonight . 
I don’t want your gonorrhea . yeah , I call it how I see ya . I wish I never met ya , i wouldn’t wanna be . ~ lil < PROPMALE > 
so glad this week in school is going to be a joke ! 
tonight was the most fun i've had at a school dance in a long time :] 
sometimes a stumble can prevent a fall 
homecoming ! 
out to eat with the homecoming court :) 
just downloaded skype on my phone 
ren faire for the day 
outdoor odyssey for the weekened 
when everyone is thinking alike , than somebody isn't thinking 
watching a dooms day cloud make it's way into johnstown 
opened my acceptance letter from Westminster to find they would give me an $18000 scholarship a year to go there . pretty stoked about college right now 
good luck girls soccer :] 
proudly voted for the 1st time today 
out all day tomorrow to go to upj 
probably is the only male on the face of the earth who isn't playing cod #9 
this one actually seems fun , \ 
why , what's up . 
not feeling school right now 
Success is more about consistent common sense than it is of \ 
genius 
lovin the nice weather 
smell of thanksgiving dinner :) 
likes seeing the snow outside ! 
you can't go wrong with sheetz 
probably should get to bed , we actually might have school tomorrow . 
69 : the one with a passion for stirring up invigorating debate every period 4 government class . gonna kick some butt at this week's speech meet with his new piece . acing physics , i think so 
12 : Best memory with her = Shikellamy\ 
English Reading Group(today like every day ) with her is hilarious . sorry for hitting your eye in calc due to my horrible aim . but someone who i love to be around and always have a good time with ! :) 
44 : Met her just within the past year but since then has grown to be one of my closest friends . we're the sexiest ballroom dance pair alive ( as many will attest to ) . I can talk to you for hours on the phone , and quite honestly , I love it . Thanks for being my prom date last year too btw :P \ 
full of laughs , cheer , and genunity . 
555 : I didn't know you too well until last year , but now I am slowly getting to know you better . i've been enjoying it ! Pretty , smart , and volleyball beast :P ( numba 5)\ 
i'll be looking forward to seeing you soon :) 
5 : dude i miss you . we should chill , it's been a long time haha . up for a reunion soon ? 
45 : First words , \ ... Pennsylvania boy ... serenading out of the hotel room ... \ " \ 
4 : idk you well , but it was great callin ya up :) 
14 : sexy girl in front of the environmental class chatting it up about taco < PROPFEMALE > , guys , and anything in between :) 
2010:0000 \ 
< PROPMALE > . debater . honest . smart . you are a great person and friend 
003 : we've got some sexy pics on my phone which i need to share with you :) \ 
and you're always so fun to be around 
123 : you are so nice and no matter what , always fun to be around . thanks for doing speech team btw and experiencing new things :P \ 
ps . the staple in english was hilarious 
659 :\ 
HARRRISBURGH < PROPFEMALE > BABI 
78 : Zach's brother . you are nice and always seem to be wearing a cute smile when i see you :) 
45 : sorry you don't have an iPhone to face chat , but glad you swim and we always screw around and have a good time :) 
111 : you are a babe . but sorry you can't play pool . you are an individual , and I like that a lot , despite the one tatoo you have . pfew was great , and even tho you have a boyfriend you should've danced with me that night , it would've been worth your time :p 
500 : pfew lover ? Down to earth , it was great getting the opportunity to meet you . I won't forget you , because of who you are . you were just such a nice person . I miss you too 
727 : I love your laugh . it's ridiculous , but it makes me laugh when I go to first period at 7:30 . you're very pretty , and I see your boyfriend at random places all over . I don't know you too well , but you seem like a great person 
40a . you are super chill and easy to get along with . last time we were together we both were having a great time , which we always do together . I like it :) 
39 : you're one beautiful woman , obviously a talented musician , and skillful debater . We met in our bathing suits , in the middle of a hotel hallway which I think is hilarious , and we were completely comfortable with each other right away . you're a real nice genuine person . smart . sexy . and individualistic . I'm glad I've got to know you , and look forward to seeing you Friday :) 
007 : nice number choice , it reminds me of odo pics and us with our guns . you are really easy to get along with and very funny . I always enjoy talking and hanging out with you , and right now , I miss you :) \ 
ps prom was pretty fun last year despite the bad dj ;) haha 
777 : wow it has been awhile . we had plans to chill but never did , I don't like that . I hope you are doing well at whatever you're doing , phssl 2 years ago was a blast not going to lie . and getting asked to prom by you ?!?!! hahah I was like say what . which reminds me of a story I'll have to tell you soon . oh and you're cool :) 
426 : Bible club years ago was way better than it is today . you were a cool guy who i enjoyed being around . i hope life after high school is going well for you 
33 : I knew about you before i met you , but when i finally did meet you at prom , you came off as such a great person to be around . i love your personality and it was great getting to know you better . < PROPFEMALE>'s wing night ( with me ) should happen sooon :) 
81592 : you say some of the funniest things , and this year you have really surprised me , in a good way ! you're a blast to be around and totally chill . I'll give you a ride to school soon haha , I promise :) 
3.12378737373838926036393683720 .... \ 
so you are pretty cool , and very funny . you're a dork for wearing \stylish\ " glasses and I know you are probably terrified of the boys bathroom upstairs right now . but we're tight . you're an awesome person who I'm really forward to hanging out with at speech meets and the overnight competition :) " 
1 . pretty crazy girl . we need to live it up sometime :) 
36.36 . so you pretty much have an amazing voice . it was great seeing you at ren faire not so long ago haha , what a random place to actually see you at . i actually saw you perform the one night at ethnic fest . you did great , congrats 
#2 . 1 : volleyball ace . you seem like a lot of fun to be around ! i haven't talked to you very long or much , but i think it would be cool if i started too . 
4 : you should consider a career in radio just because you're amazing at it . i hope you do extemp this year , but I completely understand if you don't . you're pretty and funny . I enjoy hanging out with you at speech meets and just in general :) 
\Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Pessaro " 
walkin in a winter wonderland 
sitting at chilis waiting for buffalo wings . \ 
... for an hour 
had a great time at the Christmas dance ! 
sing off is pretty legit 
Christmas :) 
it's been a good day 
it's the last day of 2010 :) 
not feelin the whole school thing tomorrow 
days off of school are a beautiful thing 
mccorts formal :) 
pancakes for dinner ! 
i hear the wind's supposed to get pretty crazy by time school starts tomorrow . i'm pulling for some extra sleep in the morning 
ain't nothin better than lookin at some shakespearean sonnets on a snowy evening . \ 
sippin tea , sittin in the rockingchair and enjoyin life . 
Being happy isn't about being perfect . It's about looking beyond the imperfections . 
gotta love the class of 2011 . and glitter :) 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day : Another day women use men to buy them expensive gifts and have men say how much they love them . 
I <3 < PROPMALE > Stumpo 
sitting across the table from < PROPMALE > Stumpo in the final round of national qualifying ! 
this stud is going to speech team nationals ;) 
Sometimes I think our greatest weakness as humans is our hesitancy to tell others how much we love them . 
Missing four days of calc in the past week was not a good idea ... 
holy hail storm 
in the pennsylvania high school speech final round of extemp :) 
attempting a nap 
is going to have a good night :) 
unwinding for the rest of the night 
musical is growing on me 
Washington D.C. for the day 
last swim banquet 
big congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for winning the battle of the bands competition in Johnstown :) 
It has been such a long time since I felt this good ... life's best gifts are free :) 
bin laden , bin hidin , bin shot , bin thrown into the sea . 
livin it up at da prom :] 
tearin it up tomorrow in nyc with the ct spanish club 
SNL 
\Coincidence is God's way of staying anonymous . \ " -tour guide in NYC " 
the best part about national forensics in dc is anything but the competition 
One One Got it Done . nuff said . 
GRADUATED HIGH SCHOOL . SUCCESS ! :] 
Went in front of the Chamber of Commerce to talk about PFEW with < PROPFIRST > Trombetta today ... best thing thing that came out of it was a sensational lunch & being called an irresistible mixture of < PROPMALE > Jobs & < PROPFIRST > Bieber . 
working from 11 tonight until 3 in the afternoon tomorrow ... 16 straight hours . sweet 
thanks for everyone who came to the grad party today :] 
looks like the best thing in j-town tonight is obviously < PROPMALE > potter . 
mango pineapple smoothies for 25cents ? I think that's a heck yes . love you mcdonalds on scalp ave <3 
happy national underwear day ;) 
24 hours from now I have no clue what I'll be doing , but I guarantee it'll beat this last minute packing . so stoked for college right now :) 
spending the day in pittsburgh :) 
a life without cause is a life with no effect 
i love < PROPFEMALE > Barclay :) 
w&j's tuition was $12 per semester in 1868 . that's about how much I spent on my burrito and drink the other day at moe's ... 
2 mile run , econ homework complete , and made a twitter account before noon today = success 
Duck hunting 
I'm like a Lays chip , you just can't have me once 
