I just got < PROPMALE > Yamin Tickets for his 6 pm concert in 5 points on < PROPFIRST > . 16th . I really enjoy his albums , and I don't have to stay up super late either . It's a win win . Anyone else local want to enjoy a date night out with us ? 

Working most of Saturday at a Thai Stretching Seminar 
Happy Father's Day to all you Dads out there ! 
Happy Birthday to my son , < PROPFIRST > ! He's now 15 , and taller than his Dad ( who is 6'1\ ) even when he's barefoot and Dad has shoes on . I figure that's one of his favorite things right now ! " 
Probably going Rock Climbing today ( indoor facility ) with < PROPFIRST > , while < PROPFIRST > ( who does not enjoy heights ) enjoys his birthday time at a local Gaming Arena playing games on fast computers , sitting in comfy tall-backed chairs , and noshing on snacks in a m 
This mornings paper had a great article about the role of women in the uprising in Iran . Wow - so glad to see them asserting themselves for change , but it will be a painful process . I hope things will change for the better . But the US needs to stay publi 
We released our duckie today back the the area we first found him in , and to be in the company of his presumed parents . They did some normal domination behavior to determine the pecking order ( duckie lost ) , but after a short time were rather calm , tho sep 
Off to work tonight ! 
Happy Birthday tomorrow to My Daughter , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Started the re-tiling project with the basement bathroom . Have plans and the tile to do the upstairs bathroom too , but are now waiting on fixtures to come in . 
Got Dish TV installed . More remote control functions to learn ... sigh ! Why is TV so complicated now ? 
My 10 days of vacation from massaging felt like they were mostly used up with the bathroom re-tiling project - and the majority of the work hasn't even started ! This was just making ( and changing our minds ) about what to do with it as well as sourcing ( a 
I did take the kids to Stone Mountains Ropes Course , and got < PROPFIRST > certified to belay ( rock climbing ) . We both got to the top of our hardest climb ever - it had a significant forward slanted overhang we had to maneuver over ! 
Isn't it funny that only one company makes the game Monopoly ? 
Master Bathroom Demolition started today . The contractor blew out his clutch backing the trailer into our no t-t hat-steep driveway with his Dodge Ram , and he told me burned his bedroom last night ( and himself a little ) by leaving candles on , which caught 
8 pm . the contractors are still working on the bath that originally was supposed to be done on Friday . ( They worked Sat . too . ) They still have to tile the shower floor , put up molding and finish the tub surround . I feel badly that they are working so late 
It looks like my campaign against the local public school system's decision to move our middle school bus stop to the entrance of our subdivision which is on a 4 < PROPFIRST > divided highway ( Roswell Rd . ) with limited view around the oncoming curve was successful ! On their website showing routes , they moved it safely back inside the neighborhood ! ( Now that website has crashed ! ) 
< PROPFIRST>'s Car overheated on HWY 75 today . Now he's car shopping and seeing if it is economical and when it can be fixed when the dealership opens in Monday . I'll probably need to rearrange my schedule over the next few days too . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Car is officially fried . It would cost as much to fix as what we paid for it originally . We're hoping to get some benefit from the Cash for Clunkers program , but it may be a total loss . Still Car Shopping . 
Quote of the day : ' Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater . If you give her sperm , she'll give you a baby . If you give her a house , she'll give you a home . If you give her groceries , she'll give you a meal . If you give her a smile , she'll give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what is given to her . So , if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit . ' 
New carpet in my bedroom . It's sooooo soft on my toes . This was a result of the tile installers messing up the old carpet , though ! The attempted fixes didn't work either . But yippee- I never liked the white carpet on 3 white walls anyway . This one is cream colored , ( slightly yellowish ) but still makes a nice change . Did I mention how soft it was ! 
Happy 51st birthday to my loving husband ! 
I have a new toy - negative pressure massage cups . They release fascial restrictions using suction that lifts the tissue off the bone , feels light , yet works deep layers , reduces the appearance of cellulite ( supposedly- I'll believe that when I see it ) , and flushes toxins out the lymphatic system . And very portable , so I get to try it on lots of people . I know it got my back out of pain last Monday ! 
I really am a geek when it comes to loving my job ! 
Rainy , Rainy for 7 days straight . The Drought must be over .... It was quite the lightening storm at 3 am . 
two+ hours doing self imposed \homework\ " of re-editing my clinical muscle testing paperwork for my subtle muscle testing classes . " 
Low country boil today with my in-laws under a beautiful sky . Yum ! < PROPMALE > chilly in the shade . Glad I brought a sweater . 
Date night tonight ! Going to see < PROPMALE > Mochrie and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > doing improv comedy . You may remember them from < PROPFIRST > Caray's old show \Whose Line is it Anyway ? \ " Should be good ! " 
On June 15 , 1991 , Mount Pinatubo in the Phillipines erupted for nine hrs . For the next two years , the earth cooled off by an average of nearly 1 degree F ... A single volcanic eruption practically reversed , albeit temporarily , the culmulative global warming of the previous hundred years . -- \Super Freakonomics \"" 
I just took the What's Your race quiz and I scored \Asian ! \ " Tee < PROPFEMALE >!" 
Online World Massage Conference Started today ! Just listened to Clinical Reasoning by < PROPFIRST > Lowe ; now on to Massage Research . Hoping to use a free morning tomorrow to catch up on several presentations missed while working today - especially on massage cupping . Used my flexible cups today to get a women out of severe acute back pain in the most gentle way possible for her . 
I got my scrapbook up to 2009 now ! Just finished 2008 with my family class reunion 2 summers ago . 
I Just finished my soon to be mailed Christmas letter - in rhyme for the 4 year running ! If you want a copy , make sure I have your current address ! 
Happy New Year to all my facebook Friends ! 
For my friends who are not already mutual friend with < PROPFEMALE > ... \ 
\ 
What was the best part of 2010 for you ? 
My new year's resolution : to dance more- even if it's just in my living room ! 
Your opinions please ! Which is worth more to a potential renter ? A used looking gas cooktop , or a new electric one ? I must decide whether to keep an older , fully functional gas cooktop with some dried greasy crud around the burners that isn't coming off easily & signs of wear , or spend $350-$400 for a new electric cooktop ( also granite counters , cabinet facelift , & new microwave/stove exhaust fan . ) 
The new Rental House finally has all the wallpaper down . Today i picked colors for the paint . It's coming along ! 
I danced with a stuffed animal under your bed because Big Bird Told me to and he's my leader ! 
My father in law (<PROPFIRST>'s Dad ) is in the ICU waiting to have a pacemaker put in his heart at 7:30 Monday morning . He had a few bad spells yesterday and before , but seems to have evened out today with a small amount of regulatory medicine . Wish him well - even if you don't know him because he is such a sweetheart of a man ! ) 
Went to se < PROPMALE > Yamin sing last night - it was a nice concert and I met two nice ladies who shared their table with us due to the relative lack of overall seating at the venue , whose patrons are affectionately called SOBs , because it was called Smithe's Olde Bar ! It is always fun watching talented musicians play . ( And getting home by 9:30 was pretty nice too ! 
My Name meaning from Urbandictionary.com: three results from different posters : < PROPFEMALE > : 1 . Noun . Beautiful lady . Voluptuous . A mysterious , strange woman . Adjective . Perfection . Beauty . Strange . 2 . A girl who's too cute to have sex with . 
We got a rental family for our new rental house ! Spent the weekend doing some final touchups to it and our other currently occupied rental house . ( < PROPFIRST > was so cool when he hotwired a ceiling fan light that had stopped working ! ) 
I have the family's high score of 803 in the Soda Pipes puzzle game ! It's an old game with both a timed arcade game and an untimed puzzle game ( which I play ) , but I find it strangely relaxing . 
Just spent several hours scanning and saving about 65 muscle test pages for my Subtle Muscle Testing project . 
Why didn't children ever see that they could damage and harm their parents as much as parent could damage and harm children ?? -- < PROPFEMALE > Z . Hobson ( Not that I'm speaking from personal experience - just think it's a good thought . -- < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Got a nice long email from an old friend . She was an exchange student in high school with me . ( < PROPFEMALE > ) She's had a rough year , but has come out of it ok . It's so nice to get news about old friends .... It also took most of my morning work time answering her ! 
Tyring to help my son learn how to do research for a literary paper on < PROPMALE>'s Inferno . Whew ! 
My Daughter < PROPFIRST > is halfway to DisneyWorld now ! Her Friend's parents invited her to tag along . The funniest thing is that she'll be going to DisneyWorld at the end of May too , as part of her 8th grade Orchestra Trip . I appreciate that she'll get the lay of the land early ; she remembers nothing from our previous family vacation when she was 4 . 
Going to see the Martial < PROPMALE > of Tao Drumming tonight . Not sure what to expect outside of a pounding heartbeat . Looking forward to a new experience , and sharing it with friend < PROPFIRST > Sawyer ! 
I just found out that my daughter and I are compatible signs in the chinese zodiak , and my son and my husband are compatible signs too ! Now it all makes sense ! Except for that my husband and I are not compatible chinese zodiak ... yet here we are ! So it only makes sense when I ignore the part that doesn't! I'm year of the Dragon !, btw . 
Looking for good vacation ideas that aren't too expensive ! Anyone have some all inclusives they can recommend ? 
My Daughter is in Disney on the Orchestra School Trip . She's having a \fantabulous\ " time . " 
I'm writing up quick fixes to help people make themselves instantly stronger . If anyone wants to learn them , let me know ! 
My daughter , < PROPFIRST > , is on her way home from Disneyworld with the school orchestra , but the bus broke down outside Macon . They are on the move again , but she won't be getting back to pickup area here in Cobb till 11 pm or so . 
Got a new washer and dryer today after serveral days without . Have been doing laundry all day , and still didn't get much work done on the quick fix cards I'm trying to finish ! 
I don't know whether to be happy for a slow work week or happy for the impromptu vacation ! I have No one on the books at the office this week ( so far ) and only 5 private sessions scheduled . On the plus side , I can get my son to Swim team practice and catch up on chores . I think I'll start < PROPFIRST > on removing wallpaper in her bathroom .... 
My 16th Wedding anniversary is coming up . This year will be the first time we're not spending it at the beach . 
Time to do may large stack of personal filing . I have a to be filed stack from the kitchen , and a box of older to be filed stuff just outside the actual filing cabinet . 
Looking forward to So You Think You Can Dance Thursday night ! 
I have given up on my first attempt at removing wallpaper . This wasn't the easy wallpaper . The good news is that after 8 years of living with wallpaper I hate , it's coming down tomorrow by the person we hired after my disasterous attempt ! < PROPFIRST > will paint her bathroom Behr \Crisp Green\ " which is lime green . I'll choose more sedate colors like \ " Wild Honey\ " for the other two bathrooms . " 
Having a nice 17th wedding anniversary . Instead of a fancy dinner , we're fixing up the house ! I think we'll paint the master bedroom too , in addition to all the wallpaper removal in the bathrooms . I only have two rooms left which were still the original color when we moved in ( a boring off-white . ) , and after this , either 1 or none ! 
The painters are done . The Rooms look great ! Especially the master bedroom . Does anyone local want two gallons of Behr ' Gobi Desert ' paint ? I ended up switching to < PROPMALE > Moore's Cheyanne < PROPFEMALE > . 
World Massage Conference ( Online ) Yesterday and Today . Gotta go ! 
Off to my Homeowner's association Board meeting , where I am Secretary . I'm always the Secretary .... ( And don't want to be President ! ) 
Only the mediocre are always at their best ...... 
Looking forward to a busy coupla ' days : CEU class this weekend on Body Psychotherapy , drive up to < PROPFEMALE > Beach and then on to Ocean Island for my Sister's Wedding ! Looking forward to it all ! 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > Beach for a few days . Talk to everyone in a little while ! 
Went to one of the finale performances in ATL of Phantom of the Opera today at the Fox Theater . ( Free tickets ! ) . Did you know that Phantom has grossed more money in London , Broadway and the travelling shows that Titantic or Lord of the rings . It's the #1 box office gross of all time ! 
Unerway : Final arrangements for our trip to Punta Cana , Dominican Republic are underway . Staying at Barcelo Punta Cana ! Will post again afterwards to let you know if it's a good place . 
Disaster ! I didn't realize my passport had expired , until too late . No Punta Cana Trip after all . Heartbroken , I am . And quite dissappointed . Got some partial refunds , but this was an expensive mistake . Plus I spent 3+ hours at the airport at waiting on the one piece of luggage that went on the plane without us to return home finally at 12:30 am this morning . 
< PROPFIRST > got contacts ! ( and we're looking for a stylin ' new pair of hopefully backup glasses today ! 
My son is at Gamestop , waiting to get Starcraft II at midnight ... 
Cobb Schools start tomorrow - get ready for more traffic ! 
The AC on my < PROPFIRST > conked out on me yesterday . In for repairs today . In the meantime , I get to drive our sporty new Red Prius Hybrid ! Just got it last night ! 
Did my first WATSU session today ! Very Cool . Watsu is an offshoot of osteopathy and is done in the water , working with the body's innate biodynamics and allowing them to unfold and unwind with the water supporting both therapist and receiver . 
< PROPMALE > High School Open House . I have to split my time between two kids ' schedules .... 
Does anyone local have \The Girl Who Kicked over the Hornet's Nest book by Stig Larsson .... and Can I borrow it ? " 
Going to see a Swedish film of Stig Larsson's The Girl who played with fire tonight at 7:30 . Anyone is welcome to come with ! Lefont < PROPFIRST > Spring Theater ! This is the second in a trilogy . I read and saw Girl with the Dragon Tattoo , and am reading the third book now . The first movie was excellent , so I'm psyched ! 
Busy day ... 5 clients , and had a tree cut down ! Three clients tomorrow , and four on Thursd . and 3 on Friday plus Class ! 
A week of vacation , followed by a very busy workweek . I haven't had time to check facebook in over two weeks . ( And , I didn't really miss it , either ) . 
Really enjoyed an impromptu chat with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Sawyer today ! 
Mahatma Gandhi , as you know , walked barefoot most of the time , which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet . He also ate very little , which made him rather frail and , with his odd diet , he suffered from bad breath . ? This made him ( Oh , man , this is SO BAD , it's good ) a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis . 
Just found the perfect winter jacket for < PROPFIRST > ! I love it when I actually find the thing I've been looking for ! ( A $20 off coupon helped a little too ! ) 
Monday is an all day photo shoot for the curriculum/book I've been co-writing and teaching on Muscle Testing and Thai Stretching . I'm not the model . I'm supervising to make sure we get the shots we need . 
Saw the most recently released ( in the USA ) film of the Swedish Millenium Series ( Called Girl who kicked the Hornet's Nest here . ) Great to hear the Swedish cadence , but did they start mumbling more , or is it just that I'm out of practice ? Could be all the legal terms too ... The movie wasn't quite as good as the first two ( Girl with Dragon Tattoo . ) 
Just found the perfect granite scrap to finish up the master bathroom renovation . ( we were trying to match the granite we put in 4 years ago . ) 
Must ... get ... daughter ... off .... couch .... And Son off computer ! 
Brrrrr ........ Glad for my warm , northern style winter coat today . My client showed up in a full length mink coat- but she's a New Yorker - that's pretty common up there . 
Whew ... Just finished a double batch of my niece < PROPFIRST>'s recipe for snickerdoodle cookies- those yummy cinnamon/sugar/butter concoctions that are my favorite - and I allowed my self One ! I think < PROPFIRST > got that recipe from my sister < PROPFIRST > , who got it from my Mom- so shout outs to you three ! 
Hmm , dirty jobs tv show is inseminating turkeys ! 
Crab legs , scallops , & shrimp for < PROPFIRST > tmas < PROPFEMALE > dinner . We opened presents tonight . < PROPFIRST > loved her gifts , but < PROPFIRST > didn't seem to care . He is so non materialistic . < PROPFIRST > ignored our no parent gifts and got me an iPad , which I'm using right now . I already had to ask the teens for tech support ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all a good night ... at home and out of the icy roads with your loved ones who are actually paying attention to you and being sweet ! 
I think opening our presents on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > was a great idea , since the teenagers are not exactly early risers anyway ! 
If anyone is looking for more online games for their teens , there is a huge sale at Store.steampowered.com . 25% to 90% off popular online games . 
Missed my singing lesson again today . I've gotten the timing wrong multiple times -- dang middle of the day sneaks up on me ! -- but this time I think my teacher and I got our holiday restart dates mixed up . Next week is a go ! 
My house is plain again . 
' Tis the time to reconcile my massage business accounting - which almost never adds up right ! With my lack of calculational and number related skills , it is a good thing I'm married to an accountant ! 
I am so grateful I no longer work in the transportation field , and that I don't have a job that requires me to be the least bit worried about missing appointments for a coupla ' days . I'm wondering if this snow ( 4-6 inches- outstanding for ATL ) will last all week ! It's so crunchy with that ice layer on top ! 
< PROPFIRST > makes really tasty snow ice cream ! 
I'm remembering the time in my youth when I slid down Reading's Mountain where the Pagoda sits on a mile long sheet of ice ! 
Three snow days in a row . Only one more built into the Cobb Calendar before they'll have to think about making it up later . I vote for taking an extra day from the weeks off in the Feb or April , or even going a few extra days in May . I think it is quite probable that the schools will be closed all this week ! 
Hubby's boss basically bullied people into work today - and there was nothing urgent going on to require it . 
The new Zodiac Version lists < PROPFIRST > and me as Leos ! I don't think so . We are classic Virgos ! 
Conviction is a luxury for those on the sidelines . 
My first attempt at a slow cooker - mostly a success . Will try again tomorrow . How do I get the potatoes to have better flavor ? They were pretty bland . What's your favorite and tastiest slow cooker recipie ? 
The new kitchen Granite looks great . The tile is coming along , but we are running into some structural difficulties building the wall niche over the stove . We had to make it smaller than we wanted . It will still work . Pays to be flexible with load bearing ( and roof bearing ) walls ! 
Just finishing up the self fixes section of our new lay person curriculum ! Looking good ! 
The new bookshelves and TV stand are built in and ready for painting ! 
Things I picked up from the Immortal Life of < PROPFEMALE > Lacks : Cellular growth and cellular life can only occur in motion ! Cells die if they don't have the right mix of nutrient fluid or when that fluid is static . Gives us new reason to move our bodies ! 
Having a nice chat in my almost forgotten ( but not quite ) Swedish ! 
Enjoyed talking with my sister today ! 
Barking dog ( not mine ) is keeping me awake . Grr .... 
Thinking of my sister as she passes through the Atlanta airport , but without enough time to safely make it past the gate and back through security . Curses on terrorists who imposed all these restrictions so people can't be met at the gates ! 
