Man , it is getting hot here . Makes the beach way better , but everything else a lot slower ( and it makes my girls even meaner ) . Today < PROPFEMALE > bit me in the leg when I asked her what she wanted for lunch . When I asked her why she bit me , she yelled at me and 

I'm taking my final tonight in Speech . I am glad that this class is about over , I hate this class too much ! 
Here I sit , bummed out . My daughter is a liar who thinks that she has sexy qualities . Where did I go wrong ? 
I have a musing . I was recently going through some old family photos when a came across old pics of my uncle < PROPMALE > . What the hell was up with his hair ? Anyone ? 
Hey everyone , sleepover in my bedroom . The girls and I watched Poltergeist tonight , and they said there is no way that they will sleep in their room . Come on over everyone , the more the merrier ! 
I am glad that my cousin < PROPMALE > talked me into getting an account here . Yesterday alone , I chatted with my sister in the afternoon , uncle < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > in the evening , and < PROPMALE > and Nic late last night . Man , I think I need a life . 
Had a great day today . Slept in ( got rid of the hangover ) , went to the beach where the waves were perfect and the water is finally hitting 80 degrees ( not to mention all of the hotties in their < PROPFEMALE > bikinis ) , and then Sharky's Shrimp Shack for dinner . Man 
I better clean up my act on here . My old gal Pee-pee is my pal now :-) 
School's out for Marky ! Heading to the beach tomorrow . Hope I don't see any shadow sharks , I might poop myself ! ... That's for you < PROPFEMALE > ! LOL ! 
Man , after another awesome beach day , me and Biza are riding home flipping through the channels when I came across \Beat It\ " . I looked at Biz like \ " what the hell ? \ " and then they tell us of him passing . A bit of a schocker to me . One of my better memories " 
At the beach today , on three seperate occasions we were swimming with a school of stingrays . Me being somewhat mental , I got right next to them ( 2'-3 ' away , < PROPMALE > ) and went under to watch them . The one time , there were about 100 of them , and when a huge wav 
Living in Florida , it is that time of year to start watching the tropics . Looks like things may be getting interesting pretty soon . Can't wait to watch the new FL residents buy up all the gas and water as soon as there is a named storm . It is pretty freak 
Going to the beach tomorrow ( or today , I guess ) . Another great thing Florida has that Michigan doesn't is a nice beach where the water temp doesn't make your ball sack retreat into your body ! LMAO ! Oh , dude , I do NOT miss living up there ! 
Crappy , raindy day ... bored ! Gonna go to the outlet malls and also get some fireworks for this weekend . Another good thing about Florida is that we have way better fireworks . You don't even need to go watch the city's show , you can just sit on your porch 
Can't wait until Saturday . I love the 4th . Wooo-Hooooo ! 
Just got back from the beach . It was pretty nice out there , but then as we were coming to shore to get ready to leave I took one more wave and tweaked the achilles that I tore last summer . It looks like it will probably be ok , but that scared the crap out 
For the first time ever , I heard the Ting-Tings on a commercial radio station . I hope that this catches on , they rock ! 
Hope everyone had a great 4th ( or is still having it) ! We didn't go to see the city's fireworks this year , we watched the awesome show from D.C. on PBS , and then went out and did our own show for an hour and a half . It was friggin awesome ! Now kicking bac 
For some reason , I'm feelin ' kinda Sunday . 
is getting pissed off ! It won't stop storming . I love a good storm , but a storm everyday sucks when it's beach season . Not to mention , my girls are getting antsy , and I'm afraid what they might do to me if they don't get to go soon . For all of you non-hea 
thinks these < PROPFEMALE > asses who keep whining about global warming need to shut their pie-hole . It is friggin chilly this summer . I am not looking forward to packing jeans and sweaters for my trip to MI in August . On the bright side though , it is rare that yo 
Just got back from the beach , there was a break in the clouds so we took advantage . Freaky crap going on there . The waves were awesome and relentless . Just continuously beating the crap out of us . Good for surfing , but bad for bodyboarding . Well , the girl 
Looking forward to the train trip next month , and seeing D.C. Not looking forward to Michigan's gloomy weather . Oh well , the price one pays for their family . 
I'm so glad we finally have a color blind president ( oops ) , and that he's doing such a good job recovering our economy with that awesome stimulus ( what , the national unemployment is in double digits and climbing , and MI is over 15%) . Well at least he's pu 
Well , at least there is this fair health care plan ( unless you are old or deemed terminally ill ) . Um , how's our foreign relations going ? Is there anything he's doing right ?!? Oh , forget it ... we're f***ed ! 
Uh , oh . < PROPFEMALE > , did you see the reports out on tanning beds . Yet another friggin thing that can give you cancer . Is there anything now and days that they say won't increase our chances ? I think these researches need to look for good things , not always tell 
Another sign that < PROPFEMALE > is my daughter ... As < PROPFEMALE > was walking through the house last night , < PROPFEMALE > runs in front of her , drops her pants , bends over , and while mooning < PROPFEMALE > asks her \What I can do for you ? \ " . Sounds a little like something I would do 
The good- Leaving in two weeks to go on a train trip and see D.C. The bad- have to put up with not one , but two families . The ugly- can't poop lately ... need to eat more raisin bran . 
Why in the hell is Nic Gorden a fan of Kohl's ? Do you really have that many mundane interests Nic ? LOL . Out of all the goofy so and so is a fan of ... things on the side here , Nic's are the most plain things anyone has ever been a fan of . Not knocking so m 
ok people , in mafia wars , how can i lose a fight if i take 9 damage and deal out 18 ? wtf ? 
ok < PROPFEMALE > , i thought you were sending me a bodyguard , and a bunch of mafia members . what happened . i feel so abandoned . 
Thanks < PROPMALE > Cookseionionionionionio and Fingers < PROPMALE > for the gifts . Much appreciated . 
Wondering why I am playing these games all the time ? 
I just had the stupidest dude put me on the hit-list . First he attacked me 10x and lost every single time ( LMAO ) , and then he overpaid to get me killed ( $1.8 mil ) . Unfortunately , I had just used up all of my stamina so I have to wait a few hours to go and kill him , and then < PROPMALE > his casinos . That is something to look forward to . LOL 
Holy crap ! I went back and beat the guy up that attacked me ( he did it 10x and lost them all ) and then put me on the hit list . I beat him 13 times and then robbed his casinos a few times for a total of almost $2 mil . An hour later , he goes back and attacks me a half dozen more times ( and loses them all ) . Will this guy ever learn ?!? LMAO ! 
If anyone wants to collect a bounty on me , I'm on the hitlist for the 5th time today . LOL 
There's nothing worse than being put on the hitlist right after you've used up all of you stamina fighting . Now I won't get any sleep tonight because I have to wait an hour or two for my stamina to build up so I can go kill this dude and < PROPMALE > him blind . :) 
Sitting in the school library , posting on facebook instead of studying . My priorities are not so good . :) 
Hoping that this is the day that the Lions will finally win a game . While I'm at it , I might as well hope to win the lottery , and hope that there will be world peace . 
FINALLY !!! The Lions WIN !!! WOOHOO !!! 
Time to take the puppy in to play with my chinchillas . It works out well for me cause the puppy gets tired out just watching my chins fly past him . :) 
Mafia Wars is really starting to piss me off lately . For the last few days , half the fights that I deal more damage than take , it says I lose . It happened every now and then before , but now it is getting to be a really bad habit . Is this going on with anyone else ? 
I am playing an interesting game with the same 4 folks . One had his mafia attack me , and I killed two of them and put 2 more on the hitlist . Some time later ... I have put a combo of these guys on the hitlist 15 times in the last hour . They keep healing themselves so they can attack me . LOL . I am usually not this petty , but they have made this a game too fun to pass up . LMAO 
Have to get off facebook . Homework is calling ( even though I don't want to listen ) . I hate Biology . :( 
Listening to the Lions , nail-biting back and forth game . GO LIONS ! 
Sitting here hoping that Tebow will be playing this weekend . Also hoping somehow that the Lions will catch the Steelers napping on Sunday . That's a pretty big wish list for one weekend . LOL 
Good week of football . The Gators beat #4 LSU , the Lions play the Steelers tough , and now the Dolphins win a wild MNF game against the rival Jets . I love football season ! :-) 
Studying for mid-terms next week . Yeah . 
Done with mid-terms , going to get drunk ! 
Finally broke down and watched The Evil Dead last night ... pretty cool flick . 
The Dolphins are letting this game slip away ! Man , wtf ?!? 
Please help me , people . I still have a war open ( it's never taken this long ) . Any help will be appreciated . 
About ready to take < PROPFEMALE > downtown trick-or-treating , and then it's back home to drink some rum and watch some scary movies . I loves me some Halloween ! 
Man , it got cold here without me even noticing . This sucks ! 
O.k. Maybe I'm a little dumb about MW , but if I'm a level 157 , why would a dude who is level 331 set a $ 15,992,000 bounty on me ? Why wouldn't he just kill me himself ? And why in the world would he waste that much money on a bounty ? I don't get it . 
Looking at pics of the family that < PROPMALE > put up . Holy crap , those people have really changed ! 
Bad football day ... both the Lions and Dolphins lost . I'm starting to lose interest in the NFL . 
is pissed that my school dropped my spanish class . Now I have to take the same woman , who I really don't like , for the second semester in a row and find other classes that fit the schedule better ( if they're not full ) . 
It's kinda funny , I have had an all day fued with a bunch of MW a-holes . I attacked a guy once and he put a hit on me , so I killed him . This went back and forth a couple more times , and then he put a hit on me and THEN asked me to join him . I refused and killed him and since then their mafia is asking everyone to attack me . 
( cont . ) So far today someone has asked their mafia to attack me 18 times . I keep killing and putting on the hitlist . Who will last the longest ? LMAO 
This was a great football weekend . On Saturday UCF and Florida dominate , and then my two favorite NFL teams ( the Lions and Dolphins ) both win . Awesome ! 
Oh yeah , looking forward to a long weekend of the girls fighting A LOT . Oh how I love Thanksgiving . LOL 
Getting ready to take some finals this week . It's kinda cool because half are this week , and the other half are in two weeks . It usually doesn't work out so well . :) 
Girls are staying at friends ' house . Me and the dog have the place to ourselves . Wooohoooo ! 
Getting ready to make some cookie dough . :) 
Took my last final today ! Now I get to < PROPFEMALE > around the girls for a couple of weeks before we head back to school . :-) 
Man , this is the busy season ! Went running around all night looking for x-mas presents . I do not have the < PROPFEMALE > anymore to wait in line or be nice to someone who cuts me off with their cart . Oh well , the look on the girls ' faces on Christmas morning makes it all worth it . Hope everyone who participates in this madness has smooth shopping days ahead . :) 
Watching the Dolphins ' playoff hope slipping away . :( 
< PROPFEMALE>'s coming ! SANTA'S COMING !!! WooHoo !!! 
\Oooohhhhh ffuuuudddgggggee . \"" 
Hoping that I am not too < PROPMALE > over to start the new year right in a couple of days . I doubt I'll be on here tomorrow night , so I'll say it now ; Happy New Year to everyone !!! 
Good two days of Bowl games ! Yesterday UCF wins their first ever Bowl , and today the Gators win ! Woohooo !!! 
First day back to school after a few weeks break . Sitting in the library right now bored and cold . I hate this crappy weather , but I am glad to be back to school , so I guess it's a wash . 
Just about done with the moving , now I can get on with my life . :) 
My name is < PROPFIRST > Barnard , and I do NOT have a Bowflex body . 
Thinking that I will not be feeling too good in the morning ( and on a side note , proud of myself for spelling everything correctly , even if it did take a bit of time to do ) . 
I was hoping for an entertaining SB , but so far it sucks . And wtf is up with this halftime show !?! 
Sweet ! Saints win . If the Aints can do it there's hope for my Lions yet . lol 
Sitting here bumming because it just dawned on me that there are a lot of months ahead with no football . :( On the positive side , only a few more months until beach season . Yeah ! 
In the library ( trying to study ) sniffling like crazy because my daughter gave me a cold . At least this is the first ( and hopefully last ) of the winter . 
Thinking how much I hate the middle man . So , if cold medicine has such a high volume of alcohol , why not go straight to the source and say to hell with that nasty tasting Nyquil . 
Just watched Zombieland on dvd . Best . Zombie flick . Ever . Woody Harrelson is the most underrated actor of my generation . 
Supposed to be studying , but obviously I'm not . 
I got my grades today for the two tests I took on Monday , and I did better than expected on both . :) On the down-side , the rest of my Spanish study group did not fare so well . :( 
Dude , I just watched Role Models on Cinemax . Man , I totally forgot how friggin funny that movie is !!! 
Spring break starts next week , but I have always been impatient . Tonight I started a bit early . lol 
Man , after the first day I am only 10-6 in my bracket . I always pick upsets , but in this upset crazy day I picked the wrong ones . Just goes to show , it's not all about how much you know , it's also how lucky you are . :( 
I'm happy that MSU won the game , but that < PROPFIRST > violation at the end was very close and would never be called the other way . Usually the NCAA does a pretty good job of not pulling the favorite card , but that call should have never happened , and maybe the game would have went to OT . Now there is a taint on the Spartans that they don't deserve . 
Sitting here wondering if < PROPFEMALE > will have a job for long . Many of the Drs . who are clients of her office are talking about retiring with this new < PROPMALE > . Not looking too good here , but on the bright side in another few years we will have health insurance ( if it didn't come across online , that was sarcasm ) . 
Ready for my Spanish class to be done with . I think I'll actually learn more on my own after the class ends than what I have learned while taking the class . lol 
Studying for finals . I can't wait until next week is over ! Taking the summer off , need to shut the brain down for a while . lol 
Man , I'm stinking up the house with this funky soup I'm making for Spanish class . I hate the smell of garlic and onions . 
Woohoo ! Took my Spanish final tonight and think I did pretty good . Finally this class is over . It has been a long two terms . lol 
Man , my Lions helped out their offense AND defense in the first round . This is SWEET !!! 
Hard to get out and get some fresh air when these thunderstorms keep popping up . < PROPFEMALE > and I got caught on our walk about a mile from home in one . Oops ! Oh well , at least we needed the rain . :) 
Today was the first time we took Casper to the beach ( got him in late fall , and water has been too cold ) . For being a wimpy dog , he did really good ! Didn't freak out from the waves or nothing , and wanted to go back in after he was out for a bit . :) 
Gonna start getting the house ready for my sister to come down and stay with us until she finds a place of her own . With three females already here and another on the way down , and only 2 bathrooms in the house , Gerhard and I will have to fight for our time in there . LOL 
Busy doing the finishing touches of getting the house ready for my sister and her bf to stay with us for a bit . Now the baby has to do its part in cooperating . 
Just got back from a bike ride with the girls . It is sad to realize that your kids are in much worse shape than their 40 year old broken down dad . It's gonna be a long summer of fighting with these kids , because I swear I'm gonna whip them into shaple . :) 
Hoping when I wake up the weather will cooperate , and I will be able to < PROPFEMALE > out at the beach all day with my girls . :) 
Trying to get used to family actually living within a thousand < PROPMALE > of me .... weird . lol 
Going to the beach tomorrow . Waiting as patiently as I can until I get my new surfboard . 
Went to the beach yesterday and had a good time , but I also got a rare sunburn . This new sunscreen I bought doesn't work so well , thankfully we had enough of the old stuff left that the girls could use it so they didn't get burned . 
Going to be going to the beach with the ladies in a bit . At 90some degrees and a < PROPFEMALE > sky , this is the PERFECT beach day ! :) 
Had some fun today at the beach . Taught the girls how to bodysurf and we caught some good waves , but < PROPFEMALE > still thinks she'll get hurt surfing the waves with no board . I try to tell her this is doing it old-school but she just looks at me like I'm crazy . :) 
Getting my house cleaned up . It was good to help my sister and her bf , but letting a dog that I am allergic to stay in my house for over a month was a questionable decision ( to say the least ) . LOL 
Realizing how boring this place is when the weather sucks ! In the summer it is the beach and .....? 
Had a good fourth ! Let Biza handle the majority of the fireworks ( now that she is a teenager ) while I sat back and watched the show . Had a good time playing karaoke with friends and watching the sparks from the fireworks send people scattering ! LOL 
Had a nice trip down to < PROPMALE > a couple of days ago except for dinner . I've never had Chipotle before then and I never will agian , they suck ! 
I am so friggin bored ! Having a few drinks and trying to think of something to do . When I was younger , this is how I got into a lot of trouble . LOL 
About to crash , but told tonight that I am a bad influence ! Can this be true ?!? LOL 
No kids tonight ! Woohoo ! It's been a looonnggg time since I had the house to myself for a while ... the quiet is nice ! :) 
Man , I am too sore ! Mowed the lawn earlier ( with a weed-wacker , cause I don't want to break down and buy an electric mower , lol ) , and then riding some rough waves at the beach . I can't complain too much though because those waves were friggin awesome ! :) 
Well , we are looking forward to having a couple of cool guys over for dinner tonight , and then spend saturday night with < PROPFEMALE > and Gerhard ! It's a good thing that we're having company cause the girls and I are getting REALLY bored lately ! LOL . The water at the beach is STILL COLD and it seems way murkier than normal this summer . :( 
Had a good dinner with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , AND they got a puppy from our neighbor ! All in all , I would have to say a very good night ! :) 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to get home with < PROPFEMALE > and Gerhard . They needed a ride tonight cause it's storming so Gerhard couldn't bring his bike , and < PROPFEMALE > couldn't drive her car because she had herself a good old fashioned car-b-que . Zoinks ! 
Oh crap everyone ! Behave , < PROPFEMALE > Houser is now online ( this is a once in a month event) ! LOL 
Going to < PROPFEMALE>'s open house tonight , Elysabeth's open house tomorrow , and then the girls start school on Monday . Is it wrong for me to be REALLY happy that they will be back in school ( and out of the house ) in a few short days ? lol 
It was a fun time tonight ! I had to go through and fix my typing mistakes ( about 5 mins worth ) , byt all in all very cool !!! Glad we had good friends and family over to get messed up and stupid ! LOL 
There is a large portion of last night that I don't remember , but judging by the pain that I'm in if someone were to tell me that I was drug behind a car for a few < PROPMALE > ( or something akin to that ) it would not surprise me in the least . LOL 
Well , < PROPFEMALE > started her first day of middle school with no problems . Yaayyy ! And Elysabeth is now officially big man on campus , so her head will most likely get even bigger ! LOL 
Very geeked !!! My cousin is back from Iraq in one piece and will be down to see us in a few days ! Woooohooooo !!! 
Very happy my cousin is here , and had fun with him and his gf tonight . I REALLY hope he can find a job so he can move down here ! 
Looking forward to tomorrow ( or should I say today ) , my Lions are gonna show everyone that they are coming up by stomping the Bears ' asses ! Also , my girls will be home from a long weekend at Universal Studios , so YAY !!! 
I'm so friggin pissed !!! My Lions get screwed AGAIN by the NFL ! How is a team supposed to get better when the stupid f**king officials keep screwing them so hard ?!? 
VERY happy that the Lions got over last weeks screwing to give a good fight ! Turning the corner , just a matter of time before the W's start coming ! 
Had a good dinner tonight with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and my girls . Even though the waitress @ Chili's was looking at us like we were nuts , it was still fun ! Found out ( the hard way ) that < PROPFIRST > is somewhat embarassing in public . I always knew that we were kindred spirits ( the last part is an inside joke , sorry ) . LMAO 
Had an incredible day ... my cousin < PROPMALE > and his gf < PROPFIRST > made my family sushi , then I went to dinner with my good friends < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ( along with my girls and < PROPFEMALE > ) , then we all got a bit tipsy . All in all , a very good day !!! :) 
Man , I am glad the Dolphins fired their special teams coach after that awful showing last night ! That was just brutal to watch ( especially cause I had a < PROPFIRST>'s fan sitting beside me) !!! Now if we could just teach Henne how to throw the friggin ball away ... 
The bad news : my NFL picks sucked big time ! The great news : the Lions destroy the Rams , so now maybe people will stfu about the lowly Lions ! I'll take losing to my daughters ( and everybody else ) any day of the week if it means a Lions win ! lol 
Pretty happy that we could find a corn maze here in FL . Had fun out there tonight with the girls , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! The only downside was that it was pretty friggin chilly ( and we lost < PROPFIRST > for about a half hour ) . :) 
Looking forward to the Lions surprising the Giants ( who think they are in for a cakewalk ) . It's gonna be funny hearing those d-bags on ESPN come up with excuses for why the Giants lost , because we all know that the Lions are a bunch of candy-asses . Those bitches on ESPN will be eating their words ! 
Bumming big time ! My favorite Lions QB breaks his arm today , and my least favorite will be starting again after the bye next week . I really hope Stafford makes me look stupid , but until he does something ( besides beat the shitty Browns ) I just can't like or trust him . 
Loving this Halloween season !!! < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > make it even more fun for our family ; and I only hope that < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and the kids can come to the corn maze with us Friday , then things will be totally awesome ! 
knows now that you should not go streaking in sub-50 degree weather ( yes , I just now realize this after 40 years ) . It is not really the most flattering time to be seen in the buff ! LMAO 
Watched the Lions ' game Sunday and tried to stay positive . Today I am realizing that it is getting harder , because every fan of the Lions ' knows they actually blew the game against the Jets ( as opposed to getting f***ed by the refs ) . When our coaches lose the game for us it is a wake up call to evaluate whether or not they know what the hell they are talking about . 
Had a nice day ... visited with the sister , and then < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and Gerhard next weekend , so ... :) 
Man , it got friggin cold here real quick ! I might have to move even farther south if this sh*t keeps up . lol 
Had fun at the Christmas parade today , and next year will be even better when BOTH my daughters are marching ! Also , hanging out with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , and visiting my sister for a bit were an added bonus . :) 
Terrible officiating is making the NFL very hard to watch !!! 
Ok , what is going on with my posts ? I go to respond to someone else's response , and my original post gets erased . Not happy with this predicament . 
As I stated earlier , it's < PROPFEMALE > , and rainy , and cold . Oh my ! :( I moved a thousand < PROPMALE > from my family to get away from this kind of weather ... just goes to show that some of the best laid plans blow up in your face bigtime . lol 
17 : We have gotten to be pretty tight in this last year , and I couldn't be happier ! It is always a blast when you come over and play some Wii , and nobody shakes their ass better than you ! Also , I don't mind toting you around like a puppy , it gives me something to do and I can < PROPFEMALE > out with you . :) 
If the Dolphins can pull off the upset , on top of the upset the Lions already pulled off , I will be one happy man ! :) 
Henne SUCKS !!! 
Could < PROPFIRST > Tirico be rooting for the Ravens any harder ?!? That dude is such a joke as an announcer ! 
1009 : We clicked from the get go and I couldn't be happier ! You have a wicked sense of humor ( which I like ) , yet you can still be the nicest dude I know . I was happy that you would keep coming back to my house even though my dog peed on your foot everytime , because we have had a lot of good times there . Now , if you could just learn how to handle your liquor and a little ribbing , you would be the perfect friend . lol 
Wow ! FINALLY a Monday night game worth a crap ! That tying drive was a thing of beauty !!! 
The last couple of days have been very nice in terms of weather . I am so glad for the reprieve , that cold was really starting to piss me off ! lol 
Touchdown < PROPMALE > Tebow ! I don't care if they win or lose , but the haters who said he would never even score a td are stupid and unrealistic . I love it when the haters look bad ! lol 
Freezing my ass off watching the eclipse . Totally worth it , it's so beautiful and a bit freaky at the same time ! Definetly worth staying up for ! :) 
Can't believe we are talking about a Lions 3 game win streak ( with two of them on the road ) . This bodes well for next year ! :) 
Getting really tired of this cold ! I can't wait until spring ! lol 
I can't remember a year when all four playoff games from a given weekend went the way I wanted . I am really happy that New England won't be going to the Super Bowl ! lol 
Watched Devil tonight . Good movie , knew the killer within the first 10 minutes or so , but still suspensfull ! 
I don't know what I am feeling more , angry or amused . I come home to my daughter having an earring sticking out of her nose . She took it upon herself to go into the bathroom with and icecube and a needle . She may be a dumbass , but she is tough and self reliant ( not to mention grounded ) . lol 
Had a good dinner with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > tonight , and then played some cards while arguing about going to the club . It's decided , we are going to the club Saturday night .... I hope my old ass can still dance ! It has been nearly 20 years since the last time I went to a club . I'm wishing that in essence it is like riding a bike ... lol 
Had a good time at the club tonight , but now I am already starting to feel it . Growing old sucks ! lol 
Everything that I have heard out of < PROPFIRST > Tomlin's mouth since his team lost the Super Bowl makes me like him even more . That dude is a class act ! 
Paranormal Activity 2 is actually a lot more creepy than the 1st . Once you throw in a baby and dog being tormented , all bets are off ! lol 
I'm not really sure how borrowing a movie from the library led to < PROPFIRST > and I in skirts , but sometimes you just gotta roll with it . :) 
Now that football season is over , I don't know what to do with my Sunday's . < PROPFEMALE > and the girls want me to go to church with them , but man it's too early AND I have to be on good behavior . That just doesn't sound like my cup of tea . lol 
Wondering why everyone is always so friggin serious . Does it really help to get your panties in a bunch about every little thing ? If so , I guess I have been doing this shit all wrong . lol 
My girls are gone for the next four days on a skiing trip . Now I am stuck alone with < PROPFEMALE > for what proves to be a VERY LONG weekend . Wish me luck . lol 
Do not get drunk and then take a benadryl . Talk about sleeping a beautiful day away . lol 
Watched < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . the World tonight ... is it weird that a 40 year old man likes that movie ? lol 
Finally my daughter reminds me to go to the First Friday < PROPMALE > Walk tomorrow . I have wanted to go for years but for some weird reason I always forgot . I am hoping to have a good time and see some cool works of < PROPMALE > . :) 
I'm torn ... on the one hand I am digging this warm up , but on the other side is the allergies . This is the worst I have felt in a decade . Oh well , I guess it beats freezing my ass off . lol 
Had a fun day walking downtown ( and seeing my sister while there ) . Now about to eat dinner , and then < PROPFIRST > gets out of work @8 and will be ready to get his drink on . This should be an interesting night . lol 
Holy crap , the Supermoon hit tonight ! < PROPFIRST > was a bit out of control ( had to < PROPMALE > him down the block , which is not easy for a man of my advanced age) ! Damn you Supermoon , daammnnnn yyoooouuuuuu ! 
Had a good dinner tonight with the family , then came back home and had fun with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and the boys . Too bad they couldn't stay longer , but it was nice while it lasted . :) 
Our power goes off for two hours last night for no real reason . Today we have a 6-7 hours long thunderstorm and no problems with the power at all . Kinda funny . lol 
So , we went to the new house we will be moving into on the 10th to see if the storm messed anything up . The storm didn't , but the tree guys who were there to remove a tree in the front yard effed up the job and there is a huge hole in the roof . And to top it off they did it in the middle of the storm so all the rain made the ceiling in the living room cave in . Some people are just plain ignorant ! lol 
Just watched the trailer for the Hangover 2 ... looks waayyyy too much like the first ( which I didn't think was all that funny ) . Looks like I'll wait for it to come out on Redbox . 
