Hey , Yay ! My internet is back on today !!!!! 

POP !! Goes the WEEAASEL !! 
oh what am I gonna do ? what am I gonna do ? WHAT AM I GONNA DOOOOOO !?!?!?!?!?!? 
Anyone sending me app invites related to Zynga Games , chances are I already have added that on my MySpace account . I do not want to add the same thing to this one so if anyone else has a MySpace account send me an invite to those apps , not the ones for facebook ( Although if there's an app for faebook that's not available on MySpace then feel free to invite me ) . 
I don't know why that showed up twice . 
Gonna Get ready to Go , to Pacific Media Expo ! ( Oh Yeah !! ) 
gotta pack and stuff . gonna leave after school tomorrow , ( wonder if anyone I know is going ? ) 
if you see me online and I don't answer when you message me , don't take it personal , sometimes I'm leave my computer on and go away 
:) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
WOW ! What about that storm today huh ? and that tornado scare ? Whaaaaaaat ? and here I thought there were no tornados here in the OC , wazzup ? 
does anyone know how to change your username ? I found a part that says change username but after doing so , it still shows my real name , how do people have a different username on facebook ????? 
the other day I was at college , and the heel of my boot RIPPED OFF !! it was still hanging on ( barely ) an I had to rush to the mall before closing ( which was like 45 < PROPFEMALE >.) to buy new shoes . for being a Payless I went to , they sure didn't have a large selection of shoes . I didn't like any of the women's shoes there 
just added Mushi-Shi to my Netflix queue , if anybody cares 
I've been so busy and stressed out this week that I got sick . Now I'm at home with the sniffles and I feel like crap 
YAY ! Great News !! I finally found my PSP which I thought I lost FOREVER !!!!! YES !!! Now I can play awesome games that are only available on PSP ( like FF Dissidia ) . This makes me so happy ( of course it's the first version ever made so it's pretty old and doesn't do the things the newer ones do but it plays games and that's what's important ) . 
OMG ! I just found this website with such affordable cosplay ! It's so much cheaper than others and it has free shipping ! I'm so excited ! 
My sister's travel goal : to eat McDonald's in every country 
Eating a strawberry crepe with with whipped cream 
just saw Clash of the Titans , reminded me of the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > movie but for older people 
Got pissed off at Wild Rivers yesterday . Waited 3 hours standing in line ( in my high heels ) just so my job application could get rejected . For very dumb reasons too . S ! O ! P ! I ! S ! S ! E ! D ! 
In case anyone is wondering , I did change my name ( again ) . I don't like how facebook has your real name on public for the whole world to see . Not cool . If you can't figure out who I am , ask me . 
Life's too short to do what I want to do . What I want to do/be : novelist , musician/composer , film maker , archaeologist/linguist , theater owner , restaurant owner , mall owner , polyglot , travel all over the world . 
Would you rather work hard and fail , or fail because you didn't work hard ? I'm still trying to figure out my answer to my own question . 
I am so hot right now , I need to cool down . It's weird cuz it's not hot outside . \ 
* sigh * Maybe I'll go down to the pool .............. or maybe just jump in the bathtub with a hundred ice cubes . 
Heading out for Mexico today ! Won't be on til after Memorial Day . See ya ! 
OMG ! This is horrible ! I'm in Mexico and the worst has happened ! 
Ooh , I finally got my prom dress ! It's < PROPMALE > blue 
just found out today that I'll be graduating , woohoo ! I had to pull two all nighters ( and I still didn't think I finished enough work ) but I did it ! I'm so happy , it's a miracle !!!! 
I wish I had a gaming < PROPMALE > , one that I can < PROPFEMALE > out with all the time and trade games with . 
a lot if my facebook buddies have comments on The Last Airbender movie and how badly it sucked , since I haven't seen the movie yet I cannot comment . However , I told myself that no matter how badly it seems to suck , I'm still going to watch it anyway ( hopefully it won't suck the soul right out of me ) 
If I had a yard sale including some of my anime , manga and other otaku items ( plus some regular stuff ) , would anybody go ? I don't want to bother if nobody's interested . I live in Rancho < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , CA . 
watching Wolf's Rain 
been playing Monopoly the last three days with my cousin and sister , AND I ALWAYS LOSE !!!! 
Irvine Valley College is actually going to have\ 
an online class this fall semester called \Japanese Anime and Manga . \ " Can you\ 
Just bought yesterday , Persona 3 Portable ( and The World Ends With You for DS ) . I never usually buy at full price so this better be good . If not ..... 
Just got brand new Dissidia game in the mail \ 
today , YAY ! So excited ... 
been playing The World Ends With You since Wednesday and am now on Day 4 . I'm guessing that's close to half-way , should I stop ? 
Woohoo ! I just updated my really old PSP ( 1001 ) and now it can do a bunch of cool stuff ( like access facebook for one thing ; I also now have internet radio , YES ! J-POP here I come ! ) , makes me wonder if I even NEED to upgrade to a 3000 model 
I hate to do this but I have to ( although I'm still against it ) , I'm changing my name back to the way it was in the beginning . I realized I can't communicate with those who know me for real if they don't know who I am . I still HATE how facebook displays ONLY your real name and doesn't give you the option of having a display name . 
I don't get the point of poking someone . What's that all about ? 
I'm on Day 6 for TWEWY ( DS ) , I guess so far so good if I wanna make it in 7 Days . Wednesday's my deadline . Man , playing this game is like watching an anime . 
Ok , I've now made it to Day 7 ( and a little ahead of schedule ) . Let's see if I can make it in time . 
I'm thinking of stopping TWEWY for a while , I've been playing it for several days and I need a break . Besides , I need to make dinner for my aunt's birthday later today . 
Have you ever tried to play Connect 4 by yourself ? I just did ( cuz I was bored ) and the score was Red 5 Yellow 0 , even though I tried to get yellow to win . Now how did that happen ? 
Updating my ancient PSP's system software to the latest is the best thing I ever did . I got access to the Playstation Network now and I love it ! I'm so excited , I can now download PS One games on my PSP . Plus , I there's free demos and TV episodes you can download . 
OMG ! On the homepage I just saw that the first 3 episodes of the new dubbed VK anime is available to buy and download and the first one is FREE !! I'm so downloading it ! I love free downloads of cool stuff . 
Am I the only teenager who's anxiously waiting for the fall semester to start ? I'm going nuts sitting at home playing games and stuff when I could be in class learning . I want to learn dang it ! 
If ANYONE , tags me in one of my own pictures , I will remove the tag and add you to the list of people who can see my albums . I know this sounds mean , but I do not want people to know what I look like . Please respect my privacy . 
So how many people went to the Harvest Crusade ? I want to know how many people I know went , let's count . I went so that's one . Anyone else ? 
I'm so glad that classes started ! Hopefully , there will be many life changes ( for the better ) . 
Just auditioned for a play called Brighton Beach Memoirs . The cold reading was < PROPFEMALE > , which I copied my sister's attitude for . 
Oh I've been so happy since I started college , of course that was only two days ago and I started fall asleep in class a couple times ( but that was only due to lack of sleep , I was very interested in the lecture ) . But still , I've loved every minute of it . I've changed my routine and schedule too ( for the better ); it's so much different from when I was in high school . 
OMG ! I just got the new Limited Edition Kingdom Hearts PSP bundle and it's AWESOME !!! It's so much better than my old version , how could i have gone all this time without it ?!! Ooh , and it has Skype ! that's so cool ! I didn't know that was on a PSP 
ooh , just came back from seeing the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie , so interesting when the movie is over at 1 in the morning and it looks closed , the parking lot is empty , no one is around , and it looks like you're in the premise of a horror movie . ah yes , good times , good times 
Ok , who the h*ll keeps tagging me ?!?!?!?!?!?!? 
Ok , for anyone who even cares , I will post random ( pointless ) questions , just for fun and curiosity , on my wall for people to answer ( kind of like a poll ) . I will probably not post more than one a day . I will also list the question in a category . Ok , here's the first question ( although some people might not think it's really a \question . \ " I will post the question in my next post due to lack of spaces . " 
Question 1\ 
\ 
Category : Food\ 
Name/Describe your ideal sandwich . 
Phew !! Problem Solved , found a place !!! Yay ! I'm so happie !!! 
Moving Sale !! Everything Must Go !!! \ 
Seriously folks , we've got to get rid of out stuff . We've got things from furniture to broken computers , to boxes of junk !! ( Sounds appealing huh ? )\ 
We have TVs , Tables , Chairs , Desks , and other furniture . Not to mention , the little stuff , like DVDs . So come , come , this weekend come !!! \ 
( Ask me for more details ) 
uugh ! sick with who knows what an I can't even go to the doctor ! 
Change of plans , moving to Washington after all , sorry relatives :( 
Aww maaaan ! I bought a bus pass on Friday from the bookstore thinking I needed it but turns out I don't anymore . Now I can't get a refund on it because apparently there are no refunds on bus passes . What should I do ?!? 
Aaaaaaaaaagh !! I hate it when you call a company and put on hold and while you're holding , it HANGS UP ON YOU !!!! 
Well , since I'm moving too , I won't be needing my textbooks anymore . So there up for sale if anyone's interested , my bus pass too 
Ooh , tacos for dinner !! 
Ok , we are FINALLY on the road to Washington . We just left like five minutes ago and our < PROPFIRST > is Fully loaded . I'm going to try to get on facebook whenever I can to update , so people know where I am . Let me know if you want a postcard ! 
Day 1 on the Road to Washington : Our car is FULLY LOADED . I played \Tetris\ " with Ithe luggage when everyone was thinking \ " Oh no ! Forgot about that ! Now there's no room in the car ! \ " I'm wearing my \ " Class of 2010\ " < PROPFIRST > Ears I got at gradnite cuz I have NO IDEA how to pack them without ruining them . I'd take a picture with my phone but it's dark . " 
We need lots of prayer . Our car is so bad , I don't know if it can even make it to Washington . Remaining hopeful . 
Well , I guess the cool thing about this trip is that I can play video games in the car . Haven't had time for video games since starting college , now I don't have that problem anymore . Nuthin much to do so mostly been \facebooking\ " on my phone . " 
It seems we lost our phone service so I won't be on facebook as often , and I can't call or text anyone , will try to resolve that issue soon . Will try to contact people through facebook with PCs if wifi is found , perhaps motel ? 
wow , I haven't been able to access the internet for several days now , just got access right now but don't know how long that'll last . We got here a few days ago , Boy is the house a mess , but it can be fixed . Last night we slept in the house in the dark and the cold cuz there's no electricity , yet . Today I just bought a new phone so that's cool . I'll contact those with my number with my new number . 
OMG !!! My mom just found a fertilized egg in the egg carton !!! EWWWWWW !!!!! 
