RAWR ! 

nighttime is my time ..... mom was trying to sleep , but i felt like playing so i pawed at her face and ears until she woke up ..... 
Is there a cure for hairballs yet ? 
Just found out I am adopted . It was an open adoption . My birth mother wanted me to have a better life . 
It's Caturday !!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's party time !!!!!!!!!! Gonna go find that cricket that got lost in the house earlier ....... then curl up on the back of the couch with Mama & co ....... 
Lazy dayz ......... the best kind of dayz ! I love it when Mama stays home with me all day ! 
Mama's leaving and she says I have to quit looking at the lolcats ! 
I have been outside chasing bugs ! I just came in , ate , and next I am going to give myself a bath . 
Is tired after a long day of exploring .... 
is so glad to have so many new friends on here !!! I love you all ! 
Yay !!! I haz 100 friends now ! I feel so loved !!! 
Time for a quick catnap before I go < PROPMALE > some bugz . 
Yowza ! I came inside and found I have 30 more friends !!! I feel very loved !!! 
Mama is going to town later and she is buying me a postcard to send to Aragon Allie .... If anyone else would like one , let me know . 
Mah Mama gotz meh sum postcards to sendz to mah friends .... I have sevrelz , so any < PROPFEMALE > that wantz one , shall getz one ! 
just feels like purring ..... PURRRRRRRRSSSSSSSSSSSSSS ! 
Rawr !!!! I iz not fat , I iz FLUFFY !!!!!! 
mama went to bed early last night ..... she said she didn't feel good .... just woke her up by meowing and pawing at her face ...... gave her extra cuddles last night , hope she feels better today !!! 
Happy Purrsday !!!! Purrs and Cuddles to all my wonderful friends ! 
Hello to all my wonderful new friends !!! I love you all ! 
mama is upset tonight ..... i not know why ..... my kitteh cuddles and purrs aren't working ..... i not like dis . 
Mailed out postcards to Aragon < PROPFEMALE > and Maree this morning .... I have a few more , if anyone else would like a postcard , inbox me your address !!! 
Is having a purrfectly wonderful Friday evening ! 
It's Caturday !!!!! Gonna have a great day .... its raining , so that means lots of naps ..... Hope everyone has a lovely day !!!! 
lazy day today !!! 
Gonna eat breakfast , let mama pet me for awhile , then take a nap ! Happy hump day everyone !!!! -_- 
Good morning to all my wonderful friends !!!! Hope everyone has a great Purrsday !!!! I love you all ! 
Wonders why I keep getting friend requests from hoomans wearing only their underroos ? Me not like ...... Hiss !!!! 
Going to curl up beside Mama and watch t.v. Tomorrow , I shall try again to capture one of those birds that constantly tease me ! 
Good morning to all mah lovely friends !!! Hope everyone has a purrful day ! 
I has question : what do u think about the catbook app in FB ? I heards bout it , wondered if I should joins it ? 
ish tired from running away from the little hooman !!! Gonna hide under the bed and takes a long nap !!! 
Gots mah postcard from mah new fwend in New Zealand !!!! Am liking having fwends from diffrent places ! 
I is NOT snobby , I is selective !!! 
* Purrs * I loves my hoomans !!! They take very good care of me and give me lots of love !!! I hopes that every kitteh has hoomans as good as mine !!! 
Someday ...... I shall capture the birdies that torture me ...... someday . 
If anyone wants to trade postie cards with me , inbox me your address ..... I picked up several new ones yesterday and will mail some out tommorrow ! This is so fun ! 
What is love ? Love is .... when I wake up mama in the middle of the night to cuddle and purr with her ...... And she stays awake to keep me company ...... Even though she knows she has to get up early . 
GRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is . hungry . now 
Just mailed 5 more postie cards ..... this is really fun ! If anyone would like to trade postie cards with me , inbox me your addy ....... still have several left ! 
Happy Furrday !!!! Is a great day to be a kitteh . 
Hope all kittehs have a purrfect Caturday !!! 
Oh noez !!! I iz in troublez now ...... Mama sayz I iz bad kitteh ..... Waz gone all day and da nightz too ...... Heard her call me , but I waz busy exploringz ..... I iz grounded nowz . 
Iz hedded outsidez fur a nappy ...... and den mebbe < PROPMALE > sum birdiez ! 
Mah Mama likes it on the table , the bar , the floor , a chair ...... wherever is convenient . 
Wantz to knowz what is this ' Catbook' ? I iz wonderin if dis iz sumthing I should do ? 
What is love ? 
Eat . Sleep . Play . Go outside . Eat . Sleep . < PROPMALE > Birdies . Cuddle Mama . Eat . Play . Sleep . Go outside . Eat . Explore . Sleep . Sleep . Eat . Wake Mama up in the middle of the night so she can play with me . ~~~~ A day in the life of HRH Izzy ! ~~~~ 
Wishes she had a kitteh furrend to pway with 
See how forthcoming my Facebrook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me , using the THIRD letter of your first name . It can be only be one word . Then copy and paste this post on your own wall , so that I can leave a word about you ! :) 
I iz sendin Mama to get more postie cards furr mah fwends ..... Who wants a postie card ? Inbox meh your addy ..... 
Is feeling sad about the loss of my friend < PROPMALE > Kittycat but I know he is in a place where there is always sunshine and he is forever young . I'm glad he isn't hurting anymore . 
is going to go watch t.v. with mama and have some cuddle time ....... 
is fascinated by the laser lights ..... where do they come from ? and where do they go ? 
I iz CATWOMAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RAWRRRRRR 
is thankful to have such a wonderful family , and so many good friends . I love you all ! 
Hiding from the little people ..... 
really luvs the postie cards I have gotten , but wish Mama woodn't be so lazy and and go ahead and upload the pics she took . 
I am thankful for my wonderful Mama and my family !!!! I know I am very much loved ! 
I iz bak !!!!!!!!!!!! I haz been being a good kitteh !!! Haz da tuna fishies and da milk reddy for < PROPFEMALE > Paws ! 
