So I fell asleep at 8pm last night . Probably for the best ... 

Looking for a fighter < PROPFEMALE > ... 
How do people that don't know the difference between livestock fields and parking lots get their licenses ? Some genius just decided to run their truck through my fence which encloses my horse , park it in my field , and run away without saying a word to anyone that was affected by his stupidity . The good news is , he'll probably be back on the road tomorrow , legally , if he isn't already . 
Finally got the infestation of rats out of our house ... hood rats that is ... :) 
84 on my business 101 final !!! yay !!! ( and only because i started it 45 minutes before it closed , so i was nervouc ) 
nervous that is :) 
Just named my new < PROPFEMALE > Jinx , as is my life :) 
My horse decided to walk through the not-hot wire fence today , go across the street to graze in the ditch next to the neighbor's horses ... and the road . She willingly came home , but ran the fence line for an hour , trying to find where she could jump it . So , I spent half my day staring out the window , watching her . And now I'm just worried I'm going to wake up and she's going to be back at the neighbor's ... 
Anyone with a horse trailer , help me please ! I need to get my horse to my boss's house ( literally , like 5-10 < PROPMALE > from mine ) so she won't try to follow the chicken across the road anymore ! ( fyi , it's not going to be a 5-min deal getting her in the trailer ... ) Anyone out there that wants some good < PROPFEMALE > , here it is waiting for you ... :) 
Started my first 5-day-per-week school term today ! 
Not just the cops , but the homies you gotta watch ... 
I'm really moved by the fact that a girl I was best friends/went to high school with is now in ' Busted ' for her 4th time for prostitution ! ( And theft , too , this time , she's movin ' up ! ) Way to go !!! 
\To observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence . \ " -Indian philosopher J . Krishnamurti " 
\Putting aside your biases and tuning in to the speaker are like tuning in a radio station to receive a clear signal with no distortion . \ " -Student " 
My new computer just got here ! Yay for me ! 
Theory of a Deadman \I Hate My Life\ " ... on replay in my head ... 24/7 ... " 
I take back what i said before ! I LOVE MY LIFE ! :) Today is the best day ever !!!!! 
Feeling a lot more comfortable now that I know my drive axle isn't zip tied anymore ... Thank you !!!!!!! :) 
Going riding for the first time in years !!!!! Yay !!!! 
Why do I have to deal with the stupid shit/drama that everyone else starts/does THAT I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH ???????????????????? Fuck me , right ???? cuz i did anything to anyone else to deserve what I have to go through/deal with right now that has absolutely nothing to do with me .... WHY ??????????????????? 
Please tell me , I'd really like to know so I don't make the same mistake\ 
again . Oh , that's right , my mistake was caring about anyone else . only \ 
care about yourself , that's what I learn more and more every day , because\ 
that's what everyone else does so what else could I possibly do and \ 
still make it in this life ??????? 
I literally cannot leave my house for one single night without the most retarded things that could possibly happen happening here . I LOVE MY LIFE !!!!! THANK YOU !!!!!!! 
I am going to break someone's face ... right now ... 
ROOM 4 RENT : $300/month , 3-bedroom , 2-bath house on 4-1/2 acres . Manufactured home , on S . End Rd . in Oregon City ( close to Canby also ) . Let me know ! 
Not just the cops , but 
Happy birthday to me , happy birthday to me !!!! :) 
Just to be clear , I did not want to participate in the < PROPMALE > foolery of changing my profile picture to a cartoon character but < PROPFIRST > would not smoke with me until I did . :( 
I hate liars :( They ruin everything ... 
Lovin my new movie I got for Christmas ... ' Kitten Party ' :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
So , yeah ... I just won $100 on a $2 scratch-it ... PRETTY FREAKIN SWEET !!! :) 
In the process of replacing my rotors and pads today , my dad discovered a piece of my brakes missing ... 
My old boss just called me and wants me to come in and talk to her tomorrow ... cross your fingers for me !!! :) 
Getting ready to go to work !! :) 
Just got all four of my wisdom teeth out . Yay . N stuff . 
