Stupid people amuse me so long as I don't have to deal with them first-hand 8D Thank God for reality television lol . 

I'm feeling achey all over , but that\ 
s not gonna stop me from having a good day :) 
All work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a .... wait ... there's never a day of ALL work and no play <3 
Feeling very icky-sicky and had to miss work today ( sorry guys . I hope it wasn't too busy :( ) . I'll be resting my butt off so I can get better for the rest of my busy week . 
I decided to eat something light and created a cool new recipe ! All of this was done with organic foods ( <3 ya Mom ! ) . I call it a cooked salad ! The recipe won't fit in one post so I'll put the steps in the comments below 
I hate it when people I've wanted out of my life just show up out of nowhere with the same old bullcrap as before . And naturally it had to be right before work . I'll see all y'all at 4 when I get out . 
post this as your status and see what people hate about you ! i hate your______________ ! 
When I see 3:16 below a rockin ' skull tattoo , it makes me smile . It proves my point that people aren't always what they appear to be . 
There are too many people in this world that have forgotten one basic principle : \Don't bite the hand that feeds . \ " They're the people that I laugh at . " 
Yeah .. Definately up later than I should be . It may be a morning shift , but at least it's a short enough day . Another plus is that I got the sewing portion done on my costume . The rest is just spending money for clothes I need to get anyway . Well , G'night all <3 
Carving pumpkins then treating myself to a very late dinner . Tomorrow begins my first weekend off in a long time . YAY !!! Mall-trip tomorrow ! 
Mall trip cancelled . I'm all achey and tired , but at least I have the weekend to rest up . As it was once said on Family Guy , \Dying hurts ... \ " : B " 
* yaaaawwwnnn * Sleeeeepy . I lost track of time playing videogames again . It's definately time for sleep . G'night everyone ! 
Not looking forward to another morning shift , but at least that means I get the afternoon off . Achievement unlocked : Look for the silver lining . 1500 pts 
Ugh ... This has been one hell of a day . It even took me several hours to get my internet back up and running . At least that's over ... I hope ... 
Stil deaing with laittle day-to-day frusterations , mostly with myself . I skip a day of work because life makes me ivid , but so many people around me have a multitude of problems far worse than I . I've decided to go as blonde as I can get . It's kinda like pulling a < PROPFEMALE > Spears , minus the shaving my head . 
Wor kwas interesting to say the least . Random stupid person #58 , 973 just couldn't understand why an insurance granted by a CATHOLIC < PROPFEMALE > wouldn't cover BIRTH CONTROL . Some people , I tell ya ... \ 
In other news , I've been devoting too much time to my artwork , and not enough to sleep . G'night! 
Went to the dentist this morning and got my teeth cleaned . As I thought , I'll need to get all four wisdom teeth out . I'll schedule that when I'm a little more financially stable . Getting ready for work . I basically only go home to sleep tonight as I close tonight and open tomorrow . At least I'll have tomorrow afternoon off to go with my saturday ! 
The more I watch reality television , the more I question the stability of humanity as a whole . I love watching it , don't get me wrong , but really ? Also , there are talk shows , which irk me . Why people feel it's necessary to air out their dirty laundry on national televsion rather than the privacy of their own home is beyond me . 
Watching season 4 of CSI Miami <3 
It was an interesting day at work today . I was poked , prodded , and had dead viruses injected into my bloodstream . On a brighter note , My cholesterol is great and I am vaccinated from the flu . 
Had an awesome day today considering it was the same ol ' work and home deal . I won't argue with being in high spirits even if I don't really have a reason for it . In other news : < PROPFEMALE > makes a damned good chili ! <3 Now on to the weather : The snow is pretty 
It's been a long week . I'm glad to be able to rest for now at least . 
Ugh ... I think I might've caught a cold or something . It's like a Mucinex commercial is going on in my chest right now . Taking some Robitussen and going to bed . Have a good night , all ! 
Sonic Colors = Very much epic ! I might have to get my own copy for the Wii . Later though . Finances get tight this time of year . 
Had a great Thanksgiving with Mom . I always look forward to our simple Thanksgiving tradition every year . < PROPFEMALE > runs her 5K , We < PROPFEMALE > out in the livingroom , have a dinner of turkey burgers and asparagus and watch a movie of our choosing . I hope everyone had a nice Thanksgiving , too ! Also , I'm thankful for the joy of simplicity =) 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until Monday , December 6th . * Join the Fight Against Child Abuse * , copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same 
Grrrr ... I can't watch English subbed Sailor < PROPFEMALE > anymore ' cause Toei Animation put the smackdown on people who had it uploaded . Any site I find with the Sailor < PROPFEMALE > episodes I'm on are all the crappy english dub . This makes me quite irate . 
Thank you Julien-K for helping me to wake up ( no pun intended ) for those icky eary morning shifts . 
Not enjoying the thought of going to work tomorrow morning . It really irks me that someone that may hold the one thing that'll save your life ( a doctor , er , pharmacist , etc ) gets about the same amount of respect as someone who flips burgers for a living from too many of the general populace . 
Being the person to relay the strategy guide is an awful and incredibly annoying task when said guides are \ 
INCREDIBLY VAGUE ._. 
Full Lunar Eclipse at 2:41 tonight !!! I know I won't miss it ! ( Though I'll be tired at work tomorrow . lol ) 
Another mouse lost to the whimes of fate . RIP Muu . This one didn't even last very long . WHAT DO I KEEP DOING WRONG ??? 
Fed up with people placing far too much material emphasis on Christmas . It really brings out the worst in people as they freak out over nothing at all . Taking a nap . 
Been sick all day . It's nearly impossible to keep anything down so it's hard to tell if the nausea is from being sick or barely eating anything . Any tips ? 
It's such a good feeling when you've been sick for several days , are still wearing your pjs , look like a mess , and you hear \she's cute\ " as you leave the register after making your purchase =D " 
I got two new mice earlier this month , thinking they were both female ... WHOOPS ! One of them was too young to correctly determine the sex . I'm actually excited about it though . Soon I might have lots of little baby mice !! I was thinking about giving them up , but knowing me , I'll fall in love with them all and keep them . <3 
I finally got up the guts to fill out the application to SUNY Plattsburgh , but realised I don't have the $50 for the application fee . Oh well . Guess It'll have to wait until friday . No problem ! 
Getting ready to brave the tundra . Of all days for so much snow , it HAD to be a work-day . Oh well ... maybe we won't get so many people at one time today . 
Kids with special needs only want what everyone wants -- to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . 
Is fighting an urge to eat out by looking up recipes on the internet . I'm still stuck in-between though xD 
Too much dancing with the xbox kinect too soon after eating . Blargh ... 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and follows the instructions ) . 
Playing Fallout 3 while eating Manwiches and listening to Sonic music ... Can life get any better ? I submit that it cannot ! 
Hungry and lazy are a terrible pair . I'm just sayin ' . 
Slow-going day today , but at least it's nice outside =3 
Bleh ... Not feeling very motivated right now ... But at least I managed to get alot done today ! 
Well , story of my life ... My computer is on its last legs even though I've barely even had it a year . I thought things would be different since it's brand new this time , but once again life effs me in the A . I'll just haveta keep system restoring the effing thing until I can afford something that'll survive longer than half a year ... 
Often wonders what happened to the sanity of the world . Then she realises that it probably never existed in the first place . 
My applications for college are finally done ! Now I can relax until I hear the yea or nay . 
Somehow , I get the feeling it's gonna be a very long day ... 
Busy day today . Dr's appointment , followed by picking up paycheck , setting up savings account , calling my former insurance company about the status of my reimbursment , making a payment on my dentist < PROPMALE > ... So much to do and so much snow falling on the day I have to do it . Just my luck ... Oh well . C'est la vie . 
I'm tired of causing problems and getting in everyone's way ... 
Yay ! My baby boy is okay ! He's safe and sound in his cage , and his two little exploits since the mama had her babies , he has earned a new name . < PROPMALE > Houdini .. or < PROPMALE > ... or Houdi for short :) 
POKEMON ON SUNDAY 8D I'm such a nerd , I don't even ... lol 
It's great that it's finally warmer out , but the sudden shift in temperature has left my joints in alot of pain . Oh well . That's not gonna stop me from enjoying my day ! :) 
I pray to God it won't be as bad outside monday morning as they say ... I'll have to walk out in it ... only one way if I'm lucky O.o 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using four words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . 
After giving ther room a much-needed cleaning , I ended up working llonger than expect , which is cool . I can always use the extra cash ! lol . Now it's time to get back to pokemon ! 
It's one of the most frightening things when you think your friend is someplace and then a police officer comes knocking on your door ' cause no one can find them . I'm glad she's not in trouble but I hope she's okay .... 
brb ... getting my ass handed to me at the dragon gym .... 
I have one word to decribe how I feel today : Owwie ... 
Wow .. holy crap ! Uber-coughingx10 ! Post-nasal drip sucks . I'll just chill out in the nice warm enclosed porch at < PROPFIRST>'s until the meds kick in so I won't wake anyone up :3 
I know everyone has their problems but I'm sick to death of feeling like shit because everyone is slamming shit around and screaming at eachother . I can't wait until I get the < PROPMALE > to move out and get away from it all ... 
I love my mother and I love my sister . That's why it hurts me so much to have so much strife in our home ... 
THings have quieted down quite a bit , and hopefully it can remain that way . At the very least , tonight is peaceful :) 
Why am I so tired and why can't it wait until a more decent bedtime ? 
FINALLY ! My busy week is over !! 
WHY ???? WHY HAS THE SNOW RETURNED ????? * headdesk * 
It seems like every cosmic force imaginable is trying to ruin my day ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s party went great ! I might've spent a bit too much money though . lol : B 
Went to a wing night with my sister for the first time . It was fun :) 
Blueberry :3 
I'm sick to death of being shafted by third party companies and < PROPMALE > corporations . Now at least I understand where a lack of trust comes from as well as the origin of several \big-brother \"- esque conspiracy theories . I juset want to wake up and have it all be over and done with . My trust in people is pretty much done for ... " 
I'm gonna nap so I can forget the world exists for awhile . Call me on my cell if you need anything 
Things have been really stressing me out lately , so I've decided to put everything on the back burner for awhile and just get through the day to day until I can get things on track . Also , thanks for the computer repair < PROPMALE > ! You're awesome ! You , too , < PROPFIRST > since I'm sure you had your hand in it , too ! 
It's finally a nice enough day ( that I have off mind you ) so I'm gonna get on my bike and ride around town for the day . Laters ! 
Today's ride went great ! I went to Glens Falls and visited this awesome cafe ( I'm totally going back there ) and a few little shops , then went across the bridge to South Glens Falls and went cruising around there . I'm tired as hell now , but it was awesome ! 
Yesterday's prank worked beautifully ! For those who didn't know , I baked a bunch of sugar cookies shaped like dog biscuts and put them in an empty box of dog treats . I then proceeded to eat them in front of customers and co-workers :3 
So tired ... so achey ... so glad I don't have to work ... ugghhhh ... make it stop ... 
\Waking up 
Can't sleep ... Cleaning my mouse's cage triggered a pretty bad allergy attack . Alot of coughing and wheezing , but otherwise just fine . The Benedryl should kick in soon :3 
All better now ! Just feeling a little off-kilter from the medicine I took last night . I gotta go to work soon , so we'll see how that goes :) 
My body is awake but my mind is not . That should make work interesting this morning . lol 
Ugh ... I'm SO gonna need caffiene tomorrow . It's hard to sleep ' cause it's friggin ' HOT IN HERE ... and for some reason I'm all energized . I hope it wasn't the 2 hour nap I took ... < PROPFEMALE > CAN WE TAKE DOWN THE STORM WINDOWS TOMORROW PLEASE ???? 
Working today during part two of last night's thunderstorm . It should be very interesting ... 
Feels like a liabiity in her workplace 
Hungry .. and bored 
WHY IS THERE NO CAKE ? I DEMAND CAKE !... oh right ... I'm broke ... Where's Marie-Antoinette when you need her ? 
Whoops ! Forgot I had a dentist appointment tomorrow ! Good thing I have tomorrow off anyway xD 
I didn't think I'd get everything done so quickly tonight . Guess I do get time to chill out before I pass out 8D 
