who said that drawing and music dont mix ? yeah im feelin poetic here lately ... i gatta try out for the magnet program , well at least thats what eveyone is saying . i dont know if i should take magnet for < PROPMALE > and then get into the drama club , or if i should take magnet for < PROPMALE > and theater ... hmmm .... try outs are october so i have time to think ... 

lol muh bff 
Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status * I just checked mine ! 
Okies , so I haven't really been on , but Happy New Years <3 love you guys ! 
FACEBOOK is at it again ... violating your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow \"." 
ahhh i hate being sick . 2 days and im on my feet my butt ... well that is my norm , so moms threatening to take me to the hospital tomorrow if i dont get better by then . 
well im feeling better , not that muck though . breathings become easier . i still feel icky though ... 
doing even better , just coughing up a lung . once im able to run again im so going down to captain d's and applying . 
ho < PROPFEMALE > i tsomla togrof taht ni th7 edarg i dluow ssap seton ekil siht . dna ylno em dna ym sdneirf dluoc daer ti . eht srehcaet dluow teg os dam . lol . 
semitemos i evol nehw elpoep emoc ot em rof a esaeler , esuac ti sekam em leef ekil erom fo a dneirf . ( yb eht yaw mi gniod lla fo ym sesutats ekil siht ) 
llew elpeop mi kcab , kdi rof woh gnol hguoht ... 
dog i etah evol ... 
a twisted rhyme : one two tie your shoe three four slam the door five six sharpen your sticks nine ten never smile again -Ichigo 
discovered the Color Personality Phenomenon . ( 190 colors rated ) http://apps.facebook.com/my_colors/ 
reached Level 5 in the Color Personality Phenomenon http://apps.facebook.com/my_colors/ 
a twisted rhyme : one two tie your shoe three four slam the door five six sharpen your sticks seven eight run out the gate nine ten never smile again -Ichigo 
discovered the Color Personality Phenomenon . ( 340 colors rated ) http://apps.facebook.com/my_colors/ 
had a great time today hanging out with the two completly random guys i call my best friends . lol i love you guys all the same !!! but yeah , probably ganna be doing ... stuff ... not sure as of hat just yet lol . 
BLAH !! im schweepy ... gatta draw some stuff first but im still signing off . g'night face book ! 
see this is why i hate love . i see what i had and i want it back , but the only reason why i odnt go for it is because i see the chains that bare me back down onto earth . they say the skys the limit but i know that only my heart and mind are my limitations ... 
E for electro ... another music genre that im addicted to ... im am so ... addicted ... 
well i always know just what to say to tick people off .... i guess thats what gets me into as much trouble as i get into .. argue if you want , but i know im right ... 
im not sure whats on my mind now ... poetry and music as always , but ... im not sure ... -sighs- and this is not normal ... 
I'm protesting uniforms for school !!! Lets wear PJs to school the first day ... If everyone does it then they can't do anything to us ... Who's with me ? I htink if we get enough people to protest then they will have ot listen ... Forget the petitions ... They aren't listening !!! Let's start a riot !! Like this status if you are in !!! Then post this as your status and see how many peopl are in !!! ~ Started by < PROPFEMALE > Brown 
just got back from a day of paintball and a week at my aunts and uncles house ... i had alot of fun and alot of pain i think my uncle and aunt have it alot worse though ... well im up for monday with the exception to the uniforms ... well anyways ... so whose up for anything ?! 
dont you just hat it when all of the music you listen to isn what your in the mood for , but its all you can stand ? yeah thats me right now ... 
so what happens when your beloved is no longer yours ? what happens when the one you loved so much slips through your fingers like sand ? you move on my friend , you move on . 
i swear if i see him one more time im going to go insane ! yeah im talking about you < PROPMALE > and yeah i had to call you out ... 
Whats on your mind ? why do you want to know ? huh huh why on gods green earth do you want to know that for ? -sighs- my story is on my mind ... 
well i will be on but i will be away from the computer so ... 
well alot of things have changed for me ! and of it good ! -is elated- 
-is listening to crocodile rock and is singing along and thinking about alot of things- 
i know what you do at night [ insert evil laugh here ] 
yesterday was effed up . my uncles house was robbed , and a few things still arent adding up , got a boyfriend that ive already dated in the 8th grade ( this time i wont be stupid again and break up ... ) , the yard sale was a flop , and a few other things that was crazy ... 
Hanging out with some one that you want to change the past with , is actually pretty cool . And theater nacho cheese is awesome !!! 
If you have a wonderful man , who is your whole world . Who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you . Who works hard and would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh , even on the worst of days . Who is your best friend , your everything . Who you want to grow old with and who you are thankful for everyday , then post this as your status . i <3 you teddybear 
-yawns- well today was interesting , yesterday was unbelievable , and this saturday will be awesome and this wednesday will be great 
Bitter-Sweet 16 . Who knew that this year would be the way it turned out ! I love all you guys ! and thanks for the good wishes . 
just like in the real world , the sunshine lasts only for so long . then the clouds come and take it all away . but hey its always going to be darkest before < PROPFEMALE > . so i will forever keep smiling and forever hold my head up high , because i dont have time to put my life on hold . there are things that must be done and time isnt going to stop and wait for me . 
RAWR FACEBOOK !!!! being sick sucks ... >_> any whowhopenis ... so how bout them stealers ? yeah the lakers were getting old ... 
todays topic : fwrded msgs : Dont you just hate them ? i mean ... grrr im going to find smeway to jus post what i think of them somewhere you all can read it instead of just a status post ... ( mood : ... -rips some random's neck off and drniks the blood-) 
This is not a song its a sandwhichi ! -Psychistick [ is having a random day ] 
All I have to say this time , for this week atleast , is Happy Thanksgiving . Hope everyone has alot to be thankful for . And if you dont then be thankful you're alive . Remember the turkey makes you sleepy , so eat lots of ham ! 
Today was very ... interesting , Yeah , lets just go with that . The mock trial was bleh . We didn't win , though there is always next year . Can't wait . 
I keep hearing stuff about monday . I know it's valentines day , and thats when everyone spends time with the one they love . But I started to think to myself , it's just another day , so shouldn't you love the one your with everyday and spend time with them , at least on the weekends ? But I guess it's cause it's a holiday . Why do we have to go to school on that day though . I had a streak going dangit ! 
my body is paying me back for yesterday . Im worse off now than I was 24 hour ago . At least then I had slept for 5 hours . Well it will all get better , on the way to get food and go the fudgebars home ! :) Ah , dreamland , such a beauti- eh nevermind >_>; 
Again at home , this whole being sick thing is making me even sicker ( not literally ) . When will it stop ? :( But the good news is Im going to the dentist today and the eye doc tomorrow . I'm wierd I guess cause I cant wait . XD 
Got over being sick , then had to go to the dentist , they suggested braces cause I have an overbite . Probably won't get those until summer though . Got to get my wisdom teeth pulled even though they haven't come in and fill-in/cap the cavities . Can't wait to go to the optomitrist tomorrow and see if my dad's insurance will cover contacts . XP 
??? Im such a music addict . Like if you are too ... ??? 
Whoohoo ! all my projects are done , I have no homework , anime club is tomorrow , Momo-con is this weekend , what else can go right ? 
Morning routine : Wake up , get dressed , make sure I have all my books ipod and cellular , walk out to living room , get a snack pills and water , crank up the car after unlocking to doors , arrive at the school parking lot , and paint on my smile so no one sees whats really in my head . 
Well here lately I have had a bit on my mind , and today Im actually happy , so I figured I would indulge in it . So ... WHOOOOHOOOO !!!!! I dont know , I have no explanation other than Im hyper , schools out for a week , and Im doing what I love to do . 
