is doing well ! Time to start running again . 

I'm so ready to get out of town ! 
Woo ! Just have to get through work today and then it's McCall , booze , fireworks , and fun ! 
Ha ha ! Everything really is bigger in Texas ! 
Just got back picking huckleberries in McCall !!! They look so tasty ! 
5 shifts of retail left . 
4 shifts of retail left . 
2 shifts of retail left . 
only my last shift of retail ever !!! ... Words cannot describe ... how I feel . 
- Now I shall I take a temporary position until September 1 as president of club unemployment . My duties shall include but are not limited to sleeping in late ( and I mean LATE ) , lazily finish packing , and finish the book Zac lent me at the start of summer ( wow I have a degree and it's taken me 3 months to read 1 book ... ) . 
Packing is almost done ! I've never felt so well prepared before . ;) 
Everyone my new number is 1-979-571-5562 . Which has changed from 1-208-249-5564 . Please update your phone books or you will not be able to contact me . Thanks . 
Well we have made it into Texas ! We saw a really cool thunder storm on the way !!! I have to say though this 3-day drive is long and boring , but IT's better than flying . 
We made it to College Station with no problems !!! Now it's time to setup my apartment ! 
Well ... In true Chown style the apartment has yet to be fully furnished , we are at least $500 over budget , and I couldn't be happier for what is to come ! How fortunate to have things like student loans ! ;) 
My apartment is coming along well ! I am unfortunately still not done furnishing it ... These people down here just don't seem to get that neither farm house nor Chantilly Lace are ideas that will ever enter my home . Fortunately I have Pier 1 and World Market - now all I need is to start working and making money . 
Yeah ! Finally got internet installed ! Also on a random note ... Softened water really is amazing . If you do not currently have I recommend getting it . 
Well I met the department and found out that I'm in the stronger group of new grad students . I may get to skip taking a few classes and start the P h.D. track earlier getting me out in 4 to 5 years . Makes me feel kinda special ! My office mates seem really cool ( all of us are road/mtn bikers ) so we are going to have a lot of fun !!! 
Gees advising really sucks here ... I didn't get any emails for registering for classes or financial aid distributions or any other type of communication . You would think for $11k a year in tuition we could get a little help ! I had to call everyone and nail it down myself , and the people in the department aren't very helpful right now since everyone's so busy with admin bullshit ... I'm so frustrated . 
is good . Only two more somewhat required events to go to and then the weekend ! 
has decided to go running at Lick Creek Park tomorrow ! It's huge like a nature reserve or some state park . I can't wait !!! 
Yay ! I'm essentially retaking M462/562 , and I've got to say it might not be as much of a nightmare this time around . ;) Other classes should be a steal . With some luck I think I'll get a 4.0 this semester . 
I'm goin ' out !!! So excited ! 
Wow and I thought Boise's roads sucked . College Station has two 505 addresses on University Drive and their in two opposite ends of town ; and to top it all off I forgot my phone and had to come home to get it ... >:| 
Woo ! No Stat 610 homework this weekend . Only some SUPER fun reading of Statistics and Data Analysis ! * :D * 
Coffee , bacon , eggs , and gossip . A very hearty breakfast indeed . 
Watching my way through the 1st season of 30 Rock . This has to be the best show ever made ! I mean really a show about a show surrounding < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ... ? What !? Genius ! 
30 Rock , food , 30 Rock , LaTeX , 30 Rock , bedtime 
OMG ! < PROPFIRST > totally kicked my ass running . Good work friend , but you watch out I'll get back in shape in no time and there's only so much road ... ( lol ) ;) 
Woo hoo ! The weekend is finally here ! Time for some good running and good rest . 
Ahh ! The weekend is here and time for some running . 
Finally went running in Lick Creek Park - it's AMAZING ! A deer ran across the trail about 50 yds in front of me , the trees are dense enough to block out traffic noise toward the edges of the park , and it's just a really beautiful place to run . I'll send pics when I get a digital camera . 
Made GF Banana Bread ! < PROPFEMALE > tasty ! And the my digital camera is in and ready for pick up , AND Wells Fargo Fraud Prevention called me to verify the purchase . This IS the best day ever ! 
\\begin{weekend } \\begin{itemize } \\item Work on 604 hw \\item Go to BBQ and have a great time \\end{itemize } \\end{weekend } 
Well < PROPFEMALE > passed away this morning ... and even though I was prepared for it I am saddened by her departure . 
Ugh ... Got sick running in the rain yesterday . Boo on my immune system . Boo I say ! 
Yay a pause in studying ! And when I get home ... More Studying !!! 
Ahh , 610 cheat sheet is 50% complete ! Looks like I should be able to get all theorems , definitions , and some distributions . 
Thanks to the international student sitting behind me in 641 I have what I loving call the Asian Plague , or for its more PC title FCKU . 
Go go gadget exam ! 
Ahh the weekend is here ! I just finished watching Transformers 2 and very happy I opted NOT to see it in theatres . 
is feeling better after getting an email that will increase my last exam score in 641 . Stupid multiple choice ... 
can't wait for the weekend to start !!! I download the X-men cartoon series to watch in between outlining chapters 3 and 4 for stat 610 , and I'm going to go running again for the first time in almost two weeks - stupid plague ! 
Well ... It's Monday . 
I slept through my alarm today ... ... Wow I am not in a good mood . 
is wondering where the wild things are . 
Ugh . Friday's are always < PROPFEMALE > hard to get through . Eventually I'll learn drinking on Thursday nights may not be a good idea . 
Ahh ! The weekend is here with good weather , good health , hopefully good running , and a new outfit from BR ! 
To my wild side : RAWRRR ... 
is thinking it is time to cut way back on coffee . 
Is really excited to go to Northgate and celebrate Halloween ! 
Oh my ... I am paying for last night for sure . I haven't been this < PROPMALE > over in a long time . Go go gadget vitamin B ! 
Wow ... I just watch Pres . Obama's speach at the HRC < PROPFEMALE > on you tube , and now I'm wondering why comments weren't disabled . There are so many stupid people out there - like someone actually believed that the equal rights movement for GLBT's would lead to legal protection of bestiality ... All I have to say is \I'm speachless . \"" 
Had a great time in Waco , TX , of all places today - < PROPFIRST > ( Stat Dep ) and I went Mtn Biking . Forgot the camera AGAIN ! I think I need a life coach . 
is seriously worried about the test tomorrow . Multiple choice is the bane of my existence ! 
Well now I can breathe in and out again . Exam went okay and I was asked to continue working for the distance program in the Spring and Summer . Overall , it has been a bipolar morning leading to a pleasant afternoon . 
is wondering why < PROPFEMALE > Palin is so crazy . 
was browsing Mininova for a movie to watch tonight ... The feature presentation , < PROPMALE > Goonies ! ( LOL - Dr. Wang shall be known from this day forth as ' Data ' ) 
Gees what is wrong the world ? A gay kid gets brutally murdered in Puerto < PROPMALE > , and a teacher threatens a gay student at his school . And to top it all off Dr. Wang ( Data ) totally rocked our world with his exam today . Any thoughts on any of this anyone ? 
just had his first Egg Nog Latte for the season . Mmm , I love the holidays ! 
It's time for some pumpkin pie . 
Well < PROPFEMALE > came over and had an early Thanksgiving dinner with me , and it was great ! I miss dinner parties ... Time to start planning ! 
After realizing that I used two thirds of a stick of butter in just my pumpkin pie I have committed myself to running twice a day . At least until this fatty food is eaten . :) I <3 holidays . 
Yay ! I get almost a full month of Boise time !!! 
Hmm , so I updated my OS and Yahoo ! themes to wintery but the temp outside is 71 F . Did I miss something about it being almost f-ing December ? Maybe this is what is wrong with the South - no snow to bring winter cheer . (^^,) 
The end is almost here ! I can see it ! I can see it !! 
Actually just realized that it will be cheaper for me to fly home than to drive . Thanks parents for extending the vehicle trade to Spring ! 
I would like to say ' thank you ' to Dr. Speed and < PROPFIRST > for donating on my behalf to MS Society for the ride . I can't wait for it come and I won't you guys down ! 
is starting to feel SASsy ! 
can't wait to get these finals over with ... 
Hmm , SAS test tomorrow and 610 on Friday ... Oddly , I'm not worried about either of them . 
Is gearing up for 610 ! Is it a bad thing that I always imagine Dr Wang saying ' I got a great idea you guys . Slick Shoes!' 
Oddly enough I'm not very tired , and I don't mind staying up late this Friday night . 
Is finding it really hard to start moving this morning ... Stupid waking up at 5 am - why do finals have to be at 8 am !? It's insane ! 
made it back to Boise in one piece and is totally freakin out over the excitment of seeing everyone just like a fat kid in < PROPFEMALE > store ! (^^,) 
Yay ! Christmas Party tomorrow night !! 
Yay ! Back from McCall and in town for two more weeks ! 
Happy New Year everyone !!! Sorry if I couldn't make it to see you when I was in Idaho - we got snowed in at the cabin ... Wish me luck and a safe voyage to < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
Is still weirded out that Mom and Dad have a housekeeper . 
ugh ... for some reason I woke up dizzy and I'm still dizzy ... 
I am feeling so much better today ! Yesterday was just weird - let that never happen again . 
is totally excited to return to College Station , and for a new set of adventures to begin . Movie Night here we come ! 
It's off to the Post Office to ship back X-Mas gifts and then back home to pack for the voyage home ! :) P.S. Boiseans - if I didn't see you over break text or call me so we can get together before I go otherwise I will see you in 5 months !!! 
So for the last dinner before I parted ways with the fam we went to Texas Road House . So cliche I love it ! :) 
Is back in CS ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for picking me up at the airport ! :) 
Must go running today . Must go running today . Must go running today . There I typed it three times fast now it should happen for sure ! :) 
I'm so excited for my cold/wet running gear to arrive ! Rain : fear me ! 
Just spent the whole night playing Chrono Trigger with my PSX to USB controller converter . It was amazing ! 
is going to for a short run - thank goodness ! 
went for a 6.5 mi run to break in the new shoes - so far only two rub spots that might blister . I <3 new running shoes ! 
Well I'm beyond the ' office plague ' and now I don't really have any more good excuses to not go running . So here I go ! 
Wow here's to jumping the gun - I am ready for sushi thinking it's Ally's B-Day party . Anyone up for some chopped up fish ? 
So tonight I found out Wii Bowling was a good estimator of my real bowling skill . LOL ! 38 !! We had better keep going bowling my work is cut out for me . 
Just watched last year's Super Bowl Commercials ! I'm ready ! I'm ready ! I'm ready ! For some football !!! 
Just got back from Halo - not as good as I had hoped ... Oh well there's still Northgate . 
Well , 12.5 hours of studying today and still more homework to go before I can concentrate on exams ... Thanks to everybody who made the last 5 hours of it fun ! T-minus 10 days until we are again free from exams and worry ! I <3 grad school !!! 
Ah the weekend ! 
8a to 11p today . 15 hours ! A new record !!! This time we almost got everything done which means I'll have time to cram for 608 and 611 exams . :) 
Does this make sense to you ? Given the model : Data given lambda follows a Poisson distribution with parameter lambda ( of course ) and lamda follows an Exponential distribution with parameter beta ( a known value ) . Determine the MLE of beta . 
Hmm , to go to the SAS Conference in Seattle or not to go ? That is the question . 
Argh ! I was going to declare today to be < PROPMALE > Erikson day , but aparently that is reserved for Oct 9th ... And there is no estranged holiday today so Happy Black History Month ! 
Just got back from a great run ! I think the halfy on Sunday is going be okay . I'm still going to shoot for 1:45 ! 
My Normals mixed better than your Normals . 
Well I'm not sure what was worse - the Doctor's visit or the Pharmacy visit . Both felt like a 611 exam . 
Well today is going much better than yesterday ! :) 
It feels so good to not be in class this morning ! :D 
Hmm , Wells Fargo Fraud Prevention Services just called ... Aparantly I've been buying music from Apple ? I hate Apple ! Thank you Wells Fargo !! 
Ah , race day ! :D 
Woo ! I averaged 8 < PROPFEMALE > and 7 sec < PROPMALE > in the race today !!! Got near my goal time too ! And of course I want to give a true farmer's ' Whoop!' to < PROPFIRST > for his excellent performance this morning ! :) 
Can't wait for the movie tonight !!! 
had a great time in the Texas country with < PROPFEMALE > ! Thanks again ! :) 
is enjoying Spring Break ! Time to BBQ !!! 
If I were to kill someone for stealing my identity would that be considered suicide ? 
Haha ! It's 2a and I finally figured out this weird linux xvid/divx converter software . Apparently 120% is this new complete ! 
Oh Spring Break I will miss you ... 
I propose the cool kids club starts up Blocker Nights - where we group together from 5p to whenever we finish studying and people can come and go as their schedules allow . Sound like a plan ? 
Yay ! Conference !!! 
Awesome my DirecTV is on the < PROPMALE > so now its good ol ' < PROPFEMALE > ears . Regular TV is so bad it's depressing ... 
Well after a very frustrating 611 assignment we decided that it was time to go to office hours and get help . Why oh why didn't I do this sooner ? The problems actually made sense afterward - Poulo we might be on to something !!! 
Hmm , I finally have a night free from school and all I'm doing is laundry ; oh wait , I get to go to the store < PROPFEMALE > exciting ... 
IT'S SISTER WEEK !!!!! If you have a sister who makes your life interesting and fun , is a blessing in your life and generally makes life worth living by being around , copy and paste this to your status !!!... I have the BESTEST sisters :) :) 
Oh yes ! Another weekend of 611 . On the menu is CRLB calculation , UMVUEs and MLEs , Best Asymptotically Normal , Asymptotic Distributions , and of course ' The < PROPFEMALE > Method ' ... When is this semester over ? ;) 
Is totally < PROPFEMALE > struck - just saw < PROPFIRST > Hawking on campus !!! 
Almost to Seattle - only two days and a 611 exam away ! It's in the bag ! 
Exam over !!! Now it is time to pack ! 
Conference is not going as well as I had hoped ... Businesses here are doing two things - looking to hire people already ' in the field ' and trying to sell something . Why did I come to this thing again ? 
All is well again ! Back in CS :) 
Hmm , the only thing I've accomplished today is deciding on a netbook to buy . 
Yay ! Weekend !!! 
Ah yet another day in the department of statistics : trying to stay awake during morning lecture , working on homework , and sitting in 611 thinking ' it's like he's trying to tell me something I know it!' Let the good times roll ! 
Hmm ... No homework and reading is pretty well caught up . What to do ? 
Ha ha ha ! I tried to make my 8a class and instead got out of the shower at 8a ! Why am I not surprised ?! Oh well , no more early morning classes after Tuesday ! 
Went apartment shopping with Poulami Barman - I'm so excited for her and her fiance ! ( I don't want to butcher his name on FB like I did with < PROPMALE>'s ) 
Man down ! Man down ! We have wounded here ! 
Oh finals why are you so two-faced ? 
Only 1 more final left . :) 
Semester = Over ! Made some friends and lost some friends . All in all an incredible journey . 
In the words of a living legend ' Mama , I'm coming home ' 
So nice to be at home again . Not a care in the world . 
Well Treasure Valley thanks for a good time - I left some gas money on the dresser ... 
Hm , classes have started without me . So to make up for my selfishness of going home to see my sister graduate I get to stay in all weekend and do a lot of homework . Keep in mind the official start of summer term is on Tuesday ( yes future Tuesday ) ... 
Even though it was a breathless start the summer session hasn't been that bad so far . Time to go back to running ! :D 
Dang today was weird . Appartment was getting its pest control makeover making me late to the office , but then I got more work done than I expected . Everyone was in a good mood and things were going great even with gloom and doom weather . Then as I made a favorite for dinner ( breakfast ) I broke a plate . What is going on ? 
Haha today was one of those days where I'd write something down thinking ' yep , that's what I want to say ' only to come back to it later saying to myself ' wtf was I thinking ? ' . 
is wondering why the government is tolerating BP for not allowing the flow rate of oil into the Gulf to measured with instruments . Instead they would rather we use video tape ? Really ?! 
Well it's 94 with 51% humidity , < PROPFEMALE > , and a good day ! 
Well < PROPFEMALE>'s new apartment is totally something to envy . New appliances , tile backsplash , sandstone tile floors ( large tile too ! ) and there is an upstairs living area seperate from the downstairs area - kinda like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s place . Very nice . Well done ! 
Hmm , test tomorrow ... 
Thanks for the good vibes everyone ! Test was a breeze ! :) 
Just finished FFIX ! Such a good game - they don't make ' em like they used to ! 
Yay ! 2 for 2 tests I feel so confident about ! Take that graduate school ! LOL ! 
Haha I just got home and I'm running the AC and have the windows open . Sounds totally crazy right ?! But it was 90+ degrees in the apartment when I walked in and only like 80's outside - the curse of an upper level apartment . 
Excellent ! Assignment from Hell is almost complete ! Only 4 more things to do on it before handing it in tomorrow . 
Yay ! Helping Poulo with Analysis is really bringing back my skills . Now if I could just get arithmetic down ... 
Awesome ! Picnic at Lake Somerville ! 
Is totally excited for movie night tonight ! And we finally have some cooler weather coming in !!! 
What's this ? Another movie night ?! Oh * puts hand over mouth * 
Just saw The A-Team . Not bad ... Not bad at all . I'll probably buy this one when it hits the shelves . 
Going to see < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! YAY ! :D 
I love it when exams are coming up ! The profs actually lighten up reins enough to breath ! No 626 assignment for two weeks ! And 659 has only 11 problems !! Yes - that is still a lot especially since I don't even have to look them to know they will ALL say ' Interpret . ' but gotta take ' em we get ' em . 
I \ 
love it when exams are coming up ! The profs actually lighten up reins \ 
enough to breath ! No 626 assignment for two weeks ! And 659 has only 11\ 
problems !! Yes - that is still a lot especially since I don't even \ 
have to look them to know they will ALL say ' Interpret . ' but gotta take\ 
' em as we get ' em . 
I just realized that after this week there are only two more weeks of summer classes ! Thank you lucky stars for at least trying to shine . :) 
I R Tired 
Ya ! Tests over with for two more weeks ! Now just need to finish up the 31 problems of 659 and that f-ing class will be behind me . ;) 
just encountered a ' film ' . It has been so long I forgot what a good theater experience was . Thank you ' Inception'! 
Hm a night of nothing . Excellent ! :) 
Ahh ! Just one more 659 assignment . Counting down the problems has really helped my nerves with these rediculous assignments . 
Ya ! Road trip and < PROPFEMALE > Dance !! Best weekend ever !!! 
I'm addicted to coffee . More specificially , Starbucks . 
Today seems somewhat bittersweet . Last day of Master's level classes . I'm both excited and worried . :) 
The last place I thought I could eat at was < PROPFEMALE > Garden . After half an hour of driving around < PROPMALE > to find out places were closed we ended up there and my food was pretty good . Thank you Poulami ! Shuvo Jonmodin ! 
Gees DL is ' long'-winded . I've condensed about 500 pages of 641 notes into roughly 4 pages ( front and back ) of real notes . When did I become a history < PROPMALE > like < PROPFIRST > Tankersley ? ;) 
Enjoying NPR on a day off of studying . Good luck your finals < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and Poulami Barman ! 
Yay ! Study ! 
Awesome ! Diagnostic is tomorrow . ;) 
Ya ! Summer break begins now ! 10 days of ' I don't care about statistics ' begins now . ;D 
I feel so out of touch ... Every time I see an issue in the American media I think to myself ' Why are we so self involved ' or ' how is this going to further our society ' . Anyone else thinking the same as of late ? 
made Apple Crisp . Yum ... :) 
Good news ! Looks like the weather will come down to around 90 this weekend ! :) Time to go running ! 
Semester starts on Monday . Last weekend of freedom ! 
is annoyed that FB has informed me that profile boxes from applications will no longer be supported ... I don't care about apps I only care about the result of a one-time use of those apps . ;) 
Hmm , I should be working right now but 4 hours of sleep says ' FB is more fun ' . 
Yes !!! One more step towards a P h.D. :D 
(: Yay for clean laundry ! :) 
Gawd will this day end ! Where's my cocktail !! 
Awesome ! Weekend !! 
All I will accomplish today is drinking of coffee and watching of TV . :D 
Oh cruel world why must you take my weekends from me . It's back to the prison yard - I mean Blocker . To make license plates - I mean 648 homework . ;) 
Yay ! < PROPFEMALE > in January !! 
Why is it that every time I think I'm catching up I realizing I'm further behind ? 
Well ... Blocker nights are back ! Come one come all - study ' till you drop . :P 
... 
Hmm , well the laptop met with its untimely end today . RIP HPQ ... The times were good even if short lived . 
Hmm ... It's National Coming Out Day and all I can think about is choosing an area to focus my doctoral work in ... This sucks - I want it all ! 
Work ... more work ... And now I have to hoodwink OGS into thinking I'm getting a masters only to petition ( quite successfully ) to move to a phd without the masters mere weeks later so I can sign up for classes in the spring . Why after all of the BS we have to do in courses is this silly movement of paperwork so difficult ? 
Aw ! Kinji !!! Please don't go - jobs are for for the bourge ! 
Hmm , tired . To study for the 612 disaster or just ride out the storm ? You decide . ;) 
Work almost done ! Yay only a 10 hour day today ! 
Ocktoberfest ! 
Hello and goodbye for the week . 614 exam on Thursday , 612 homework assignment ( he wants us to work alone ) , and 648 assignment to start . I'll resurface around Saturday or Sunday . TTFN , -J 
Ha ha ha ! So I stopped going on FB for the past 4 or 5 days to keep myself from wasting time . What do I do the minute I get back on ? Read some insane article Trijya posted and proceed to comment = 1 more hour of my life lost to FB . :) 
In an odd turn of events I will do the Master's after all . I still don't know why our department hates OGS so much - the fact that I can pick and choose which classes get applied to which degree is enough for me to send a <3 to OGS . 
DST !!! Which means it is still morning and I don't have to feel guilty for getting up only 30 minutes ago . :) 
Mmm , lazy day . Only need to get the car and my license moved over to Texas . Then the transformation will be complete . ;) 
Hmm , parents came unexpectedly early ... Where was CST when I needed it !? 
Weekend ! :) 
Thinking about making bread . Sounds like a good idea to me ! 
Tonight I heard that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Damme were our ambassadors to the world - that people actually form their idea of < PROPFEMALE > from these movies ... 
I have Thanksgiving all planned out ! Soon something amazing is going to happen . ;) 
YES ! Thanksgiving is here ! Let the feasting begin !! 
Hmm , looking at artwork really makes my bowls want to move ... 
What's on my mind ... 614 final . My pitch for the 4 hour exam was well received ( I think he wanted to do this initially ) but was ultimately defeated due to a lack of having another class to discuss it ... So now I have to become fast at Measure Theory - this is not good . 
is trying to find the Anime with the Loch Ness monster as a character in it . If you know what I'm talking about please comment - it is the one with where the kid befriends the baby monster whom gets separated from the herd and his dad is a < PROPFEMALE > biologist for the government and they live on a chain of islands near Japan ... Haven't watched this since Japanese class but < PROPMALE>'s picture of Totoro reminded me of it . :) 
I found it ! The movie was named Coo - ahh memories of Japanese class ... 
Just had terrible Ceviche from Ninfas ... I probably would not recommend that restaurant to anyone . 
Well ... 614 final in the morning ... Good night ! 
Things I must accomplish today include running and studying . I hope I can harness up some good old fashion rage to focus me for 612 - I want an ' A ' in that class for reasons I won't say over FB . :) 
Hmm ... Test tomorrow . Just gotta pull through today and tomorrow ! Then it's beer-thirty with the ' Mean Girls'! :D 
Semester is over finals went well . Got drunk with friends . Time to go home ! :) 
Back in Boise !!! 
Woo ! McCall !!! 
had a fabulous time in North Bengal and went on an Indian Safari ! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > = Moustache 
Help me ! Poulami told her mom I was losing weight since coming to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well we made it to Dehli ... Never let a man book a hotel . ;) 
Back in Kolkata ! I fly back to US in a couple days ... I will miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
Boo ! Leaving < PROPFEMALE > ... And for what !? Blocker !? Life is so unfair ... 
Made it back safely to CS ! :D 
First day back ! Am I ready ? 
Yay ! So the semester is off to a good start - been running and out of Blocker before 5p . Take that Statistics !!! 
Gawd editing photos takes forever ... Hope all this effort is worth it ! 
Done with round 1 of photo editing . 506 images of < PROPFEMALE > - time for a break ! Now on to taxes . 
Ahh ! There is nothing quite like tipsy driving on icy roads . I miss the Northwest . ;) 
I'm so disappointed today ... I checked the pronunciation of molasses and < PROPFIRST > Kennedy was right - it's Mo-La-sez . It still sounds so strange to me ... Like I'm stuck in a western movie . 
Breakfast was awesome this morning - eggs , toast and coffee . That's all , < PROPFEMALE > on with your day ! ;) 
Graduate student wine tasting last night ... Wow I'm feeling it this morning . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ! :) 
Oh no ! Got 3 hours of sleep last night . 620 homework due by 220p - I must finish ! 
Feeling better today - good thing too since I have a research meeting . ;) 
< PROPFIRST > Dawkins is probably the coolest person alive . 
Whew ! It's 81 outside and < PROPFEMALE > . I guess that means - running !!! 
:( 
Ugh ! My card information got stolen again !!! WTF - this time it was my debit card ... What a pain in the ass ! 
Somehow the day is beginning . 
Whew ! Just when I thought I might have to come in early tomorrow - the last 620 problem fell to my will ! Hahahaha !!! 
Alright 613 your goin ' down ! 
Happy Birthday Shahina - that was such a great party !!! 
Whoa ! Too much food at Polo's Place - time to sleep . :) 
' notha dolla , ' notha day 
Oh balls ... 620 exam . :( 
YES ! Spring Break is here !!! 
Mexican food before running - never again ! 
Alright family Dad called me this morning and I'm still waiting to hear from the rest of you . You have less than 8 hours left before I call you - and that won't be pretty . 
Hmm , so apparently my dad doesn't know how to put fans in a computer ... I reversed one and properly connected another and now my masters project is underway ! Without causing overheating . ;) 
Awesome ! Got my simulation working and beat snes < PROPFEMALE > with all heart pieces . Overall an awesome day ! :D 
Well I went to Chuy's and had the healthiest mexican food I've ever had . Thankfully our HOT night manager is a Celiac and guided me throw the menu to avoid gluten . More restaurants need this - a hot celiac to help me choose what to eat . :D 
Hmm ... All I've been able to accomplish today is drinking coffee and losing at cards . Prospects for doing real work today : grim . 
Time to bake ! :) 
Is everyone going conservative on me ? I look around and think to myself ' this just can't be happening ... ' 
Well the new firefox is awesome ! Pretty much they made it what Chrome wanted to be . :) 
Ah ! Time for the week to begin ! First things first - hunt down my paycheck . 
