So ... Friday was very good ... it overflowed into Saturday morning too ... For now I'm going to see if this sorority sisters app is as silly fun as it says it is 

Don't wear fear or nobody will know you're there ... 
A Quote from 2 mins ago : \God I hope that's the pizza man or at least not the Mormons again\ " - HA ! .... no offense . " 
recommends visiting the Voodoo club at Rio just for the view ... beautiful ! 
k ... so I'm at a hotel ... tonight anyway . I'll try camping tomorrow . For now I need some sleep ! Hope you all enjoy the photos :) 
Oooo ... my head . Why did I not have a problem with the altitude at 6000 ft in Colorado Springs but now that I'm at 9000 ft near Gunnison I have a stake through my head that is heavy and making it difficult to keep my head up ? 
is sitting on a nice couch with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... what to do ... relaxing is nice : ) 
is spending her first Sunday in a serious football fan home and has watched more football today than she has in her entire life . Eventually I'll learn and like . 
is finding it hard to work on the laptop when she is facinated by the weather ... shorts and tank top yesterday , 34 deg and snowing on the hills nearby today . 
sigh .... still working on the laptop . I hope I get to play outside tomorrow . Temp is rising again and should be mid 60s to 80 deg by Sat . Sun ... Snow ... Sun .... : ) 
Lots of wind today ! Still on the laptop . 
is getting close to having a job .... feeling it 
is feeling better and is going to see a concert tonight - State Radio at the Black Sheep !!! 
is happy ! Really Truly Happy !!! Wow .... what drugs am I on again ? 
First day in training washing dogs ... well at least I hope it's not another day spent at the computer doing online training . With any luck I'll get to pet a few dogs tomorrow . 
Alright ! I'm so spoiled - my first doggie wash was a cocker spaniel puppy named < PROPMALE > . Puppy kisses ! SO cute ! Remembering our family cocker spaniel named Pepper and our cat named < PROPMALE > ... And there were baby guinea pigs today too ! 
is OK : ) < PROPFEMALE > let me use her computer . Thank you all !! I think I'm leaning towards Food Service/Bartending and one of the other options . Hmmm .... Love you all ! : ) 
is tired of coughing . Big surprise - the weather changed again ( in the 60s now ) and I'm sick again ... argh . But It's nice wearing tank tops and sandals . 
is excited to get her tax return next week ! Half to new massage therapy school and the rest to credit card ... : b Just waiting for this cold to leave my lungs/sinuses so that I sound decent enough to be interviewed for a restaurant position . 
is happy she was smart enough to go to a verizon store only 1/2 hour before they close to talk to the tech guy ( for the second time this week ) . This resulted in him not being able to get to me and another ( less of a smartass , assuming everyone is an idiot , bastard ) guy helping me . Ding ... New phone to be delivered Tues . 
wants to make sure that people know that my phone is not cooperating . So if you send me a text I may or may not get it and I very likely won't be able to return a text back . I think I'm receiving phone calls but it is very time consuming to try and call you : ) 
is SOOOOO glad ( unfortunately ... sorry family ) that I am not in Cali for Easter .... EARTHQUAKE :O AHHHHHH !!!!!! I would have been crying ! Everyone is good though , right ? 
has to wait just 10 more < PROPFEMALE > to have a working phone ... ahhhh 
phone is good and now it's off to do errands before going to play poker 
played poker ... not So well . then played consolation table , was last three and met interesting people ... peeps are the important part . fun ! 
is gonna watch The Fourth Kind tonight ... alone ... wish me luck ... aliens are the only thing that gets me ... ( shivers ) 
The Fourth Kind ... k , so you don't see the abductors so not as bad as it could have been for me but ... sigh ... one of my fingernails is going to take a month to return to a normal length ... it's painful how much I unknowingly bit off . Haven't done that in a very long time . 
is LH(her)AO !!! My ( Ex ) boy has people telling him when I go play poker that I have guys all over me !! HAHA !!! I am/was an angel for that little spoiled brat ... BUT this is FUUUUUNNY ... and now the games begin ... 
To San < PROPMALE > family and friends ... One Republic will be playing at the < PROPMALE > Mar Fair July 2nd . Probably a good show . I might try to see them in < PROPMALE > in May . 
is enjoying a night with my true love ... MUSIC ... watching Crash Kings , OneRepublic , Drake , Timbaland , Them Crooked Vultures , some Queens of the Stone Age , Iron and Wine , gotta catch up on Gomez and Pinback videos/tracks ... all the good stuff that I have been missing over the last couple years . 
Was tipped $25 bucks today for washing doggies and is gonna spend it going out with the gals from work , yay beer ! Bad me ... 
is finding that nearly every other person she meets in CO grows weed ... medicinally of course . I didn't understand why this turned me off from talking to these people ... I mean I like flowers and plants too but ... I realized last night that they are obsessed with growing and that is a majority of what they talk about ... zzzzzz 
is excited to start massage therapy class tomorrow ... oh , guess I should go to bed . 
is happy her face is a bit less puffy today ... ahhh , appreciating the little things in life 
can guarantee that anyone that wants a free massage between now and March 2011 will probably be able to get one from me . Just make sure you catch me when I'm in town ; ) . I have a TON of practice I have to do ! Yes ... I'm buying friends now ... haha 
is loving massage therapy ! It's fun to see how much people get out of even just a 30min chair massage - Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for being my guinea pigs this week ! You're next ... you know who you are 
is SOOOO tired she's not sure she will fall asleep ... maybe she'll just sleepwalk into tomorrow ... must ... move ... stuff ... from basement ... construction ... zzzzz ... 
argh .. Suns why do you look so tired ? 
Has been awake since 6:30 am Thurs . Went to class had a quiz and test , went shopping for MT supplies , worked for 9hrs over night , painted some towards finishing the basement , and now is wondering why she can't fall asleep 
is hoping she's half way through these night shifts . Crossing my fingers , we finish the remodel at this next store in two weeks . Still enjoying class ! I love massage : ) Missing everyone 
has a test tomorrow on Swedish Massage . What other test involves a naked person on a table in front of you ? LOL can't wait to get comments on this ! 
asks that you check my last note to schedule your massages . that goes for when I'm in Vegas and SD too . Check the dates ! 
Reminding you to check my note to schedule a massage . Or just call me if none of these times fit : ) My phone # is in my info . Thank you !!! 
Is finally done with night work and is ready for a long sleep ... 
is a really bad daughter . she's always been spoiled by her dad but failed to set aside time to call him today ... so sad 
has watched an entire pregnancy - from the pink line on a stick thru holding tough mom's hand and knee to the hairy headed sweet boy's first diaper change . < PROPFEMALE > is a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had fun today at work . Adopted out 2 cats , caught a parakeet for a new home and it didn't scream at me , held the ferrets with customers , and of course pet many dogs . Jobs can be worse for sure 
helped an old lady bring home Some new pet birds , feed the snakes , cleaned up after some crikets and fed them , handed out < PROPFEMALE > and balloons to kids , and then waved a sign on the corner of the shopping center . What will Petco have me do next ? 
Is so sad she missed her sister's wedding shower . Can't wait for the Wedding in Sept 
is slowly pulling together all her responsibilities .... slooowly ... BUT I'm Smiling and having Fun : ) How's everyone else doing ? Missing you ! 
needs to know who wants a massage when I'm in SD ... I am staying in Mission Valley between Monday Sept 13th and Thursday Sept 16th , where I'll have my table . Comment to reserve your spot !!! Family ... no worries you will have other options/days : ) 
Needs at least two more massages scheduled between now and Aug 22 . Who wants one ? : )\ 
And SAN < PROPMALE > people ... still waiting to hear from you ... Monday Sept 13th through Thursday 16th . Come on people ... it's ENTIRELY free ... k , maybe you can buy me a beer when we hangout the evening afterwards ... cuz really I just want to visit with YOU ! 
sorry to complain ... why is it that the week I'm really good about taking all my vitamins , i get outdoors walking and hiking , i breathe deep and relax at yoga , and I get plenty of sleep That I GET SICK !?! 
tonight is a night I ( sadly ) checked facebook and found that ( interestingly ) everyone had something kinda good or Funny to say - that the gods for Friday the 13th 
Just want to say hello to everyone out there . Wishing you all some good times this holiday season 
