Starting a new chapter ... literally and has nothing to do with the new year .. new chapter ... Happy about it ... 

Its great having Florida win .. but Steelers this weekend need win over Miami .. and I need a losses from Baltimore , < PROPMALE > , Jets , < PROPMALE > . Thats equals a good sunday for me ... 
I never saw myself going for new england just feels wrong ... 
Got fly fishing < PROPMALE > back and repaired a week and a half after breaking it ... Lifetime warranty was something Im glad I had ... 
Is going fly fishing tomorrow or the next day ... 
Is going to phish concert this weekend at the gorge 
Saturday night one night till .. I dont know when October maybe .. 
Woke up this morning ..... Going phishing again today for dinner and still trying to get over best show I have ever seen . 
Worked out and going to work BBQ and where from there I dont know but Im just hoping its nothing like last wednesday but what are the chances of that ..? 
Need to go work out ... 
going to work out .. wish it was better weather for the river 
same thing ... like always going to work out ... but maybe do a run also before I go downtown tonite . 
Ran 5.68 < PROPMALE > . I just want to be back to where I was running and I know its two to three months away . 
never going back to bodega ... ever 
Ran 8.18 < PROPMALE > getting better avg . pace is improving it's encouraging but at the same time slightly disappointing 
Is sick of dealing with the same things issues wants it to all go away 
Worked out at 6 30 am which feels great and now trying to decide wether to do statistics biology or chemistry studying because its not gonna get done this weekend with the Grizz game going on 
Want to work out but 9.3 mile run yesterday makes everything ache maybe just do school work 
is glad he had a productive day 
Chemistry test tomorrow along with a week of working out running . Oh and their is this football game between Cal and Oregon on saturday . Cal finally getting well deserved respect .. hopefully they will keep it ... there is a lot thats happening this week 
Just looking forward to Cal game hope for the best out of Best and just trying to get through a couple tests this week ... 
Watching National Parks Americas best idea about Glacier National Park good excuse to put everything aside 
Rip it off like a band aid ... 
Just needs to work out ... then go to Anatomy and Physiology < PROPFEMALE > prep session ... off to Chemistry class lecture at 4 and then the weekend starts ... just not as soon as I would like but who wants to wait till 5 to start weekend .. Mentally Im already there . 
just wants to get through tomorrow Ill worry about wednesday when it gets here 
would like a day doing what I want to do and not doing what I have to do .. 
Ran 6 < PROPMALE > in the cold through the south hills of missoula , and Ive persistently procrastinated studying for chemistry .... through texting one person in between every couple problems ... 
almost done with school for the day then have workout work homework and sleep .. what a life .. 
Wants to get everything done so he can watch the one TV show he watches .. Nip Tuck .. 
Is so fricken frustrated right now ... needs to wipe this nite off the books and start over tomorrow and hope for the best as far as getting his Chemistry homework done ... tomorrow 
What the hell happened last nite where are my keys ... 
Found his keys .. 
Its hauling ass to get stuff done its a big weekend has had a productive day .. I guess ... 
Enjoys how quite and peaceful the snow falling is at night when he gets home from work ... absolute silence is nice .. and the only sound is snow cracking underneath his foot steps 
Had a really good day even though he didnt get much done .. 
Beginning of this week looking forward at everything .. it all seems so daunting and unlikely ... 
Chemistry Test in 15 minutes .. Oh God no .. and Statistics test is Thursday studying for that starts directly after the test and off to work at 3 PM work till 11 45 PM ... what a day .. Im excited enthusiastic and optimistic about whats ahead 
watching Nip Tuck before class even though I should be doing statistics but some things just take precedence .. 
Im so done with the week .... my brain is like a flickering light from a hellish day of science anatomy chemistry and statistics .. This flickering light .. well I would just like to turn it off for the night 
Glad I didnt go out last night time to go study Chemistry for quiz tomorrow the most hellish week of the year so far is over 3 exams in 4 days . 
Had an amazing day with a few awkward moments ... but what day doesn't have a few of those 
Had an amazing day with a few awkward moments ... but what day doesn't have a few of those .. I just need the steelers to pull out a win .. this game is personal with big implications behind it 
So frustrated .. waste of time ... just a waste ... oh what a waste ... Oh well Time to go to work and then out and about ... 
Watching River Runs Through it drinking my favorite beer Wailua Wheat which only comes out once a year in the summer . Somehow I found a 6 pack . Im Very happy to see what is next in life and optimistic about what tonight has to offer . I suddenly find myself going to Ozmatli at the coercion of my brother . This will be the 5th time I've seen them but they put on a great show ... Im very excited 
I wasnt very bright eyed or bushy tailed this morning and more disgruntled then cheery getting my test back 
Worst day ever wipe it off the books ... move on to the next day 
Woke up for the sun rise today nice ... ahh Ive got no < PROPFEMALE > and I hate waiting for this day to end and the night to begin 
Time to pump the brakes for a bit couple weeks .. 
Why cant these fricken tutors show up ... Damn I just want to go home .. 
LIfe has a scary way of repeating itself ... sometimes to the day , years later .. The same exact sequence of life events ... Then again some events are just predictable and some aren't ... I guess its true ... That you really never know whats coming for you .. Or what peoples true intentions are . 
almost friday 
Almost Friday to look forward to Stats Chemistry and anatomy and Physiology and Im done .... Almost there 
Mother of God ... Kappa Sigma leaving without me to Bozeman severely disappointing 
Doing some biology homework before Grizz cat game . I just want two wins one from Cal and another one from the Grizz .. Cant stand < PROPMALE > or Montana State ... ghhh 
Needs sleep ... more sleep 
What a difference a day makes ... everything looks much clearer optimistic .. 
Dollar sushi nite can make all the difference in the world .. 
Skies the limit ... 
Respect for Law Enforcement continues to grow as he is pulled over for things like tinted windows in the summer and no front license plate today ... Way to protect and serve we need more cops performing there jobs like that ... 
Nothing to do ... I guess do some work .. 
About ready to go Kerouac for a bit ... At least I feel like it . 
So hard to get out of bed when its 7 degrees outside let alone get in your car and drive to school . Then walk all the way across campus to class . My gosh .. well Im gonna run today for the first time in a long time . I wonder how thats gonna go ... probably lose a minute off my average mile . Go from a 6.05 pace to 7.30 pace ... how exciting ... and absolutely dispassionately defeating at the same time .. ahh 
Is it to much to ask for a Montana Cal and Florida win .. today .. Montana has it wrapped up ... florida .. geeses and Cal I just want to finish strong .. I need this .. 
Im shocked .. Why am I studying organic chemistry on a saturday nite ? What happened ... and I cant even remember last time Ive been home on a saturday nite ... geeses whats life coming to 
Oh whitefish mountain I miss you .. we will be together soon .. couple weeks away ... picture in the corner gives me something ... to make the day to day grind just a little bit easier 
Ready to go for the week ... taking it easy this weekend .. Put me in a good place a week before finals ... just what I needed 
Going to Chemistry already went to Anatomy Physiology Lab Exam didnt catch anybody cheating which is a good but probably would have made thing interesting . Im always the watchful T.A . S < PROPFEMALE > YING home tonite study for finals last week and then off to AZ . This semester will stay behind me thank god its over now lets just see how the grades .. So I dont have to to repeat any of these hellish classes . Damn Im late for school 
Statistics on my mind and thats about it ... all day 
' s voice is nearly gone .. and cracking from yelling during every Offensive play for Appalachian State .... 
Is drinking Coffee at 1030 at night ... Studying till hopefully 230 am and getting up at 6 15 take practice test for stats and to be ready for final at 8am 
Well 230 plan didnt work out cant sleep by four no sense in trying to go to sleep when you have to get up at 6 to make early final by 7:45 ... sucks hope it works out .. theres a first for everything well see how this works 
blahhhhh 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Finals are over ... Gonna change my phone number again ... that sucks but just has to be done < PROPFIRST > 1 2010 ... awful ... but Im glad finals are over now just have to worry about grades ... Im working out tomorrow gym ... putting on weight 
will be in Whitefish for end of weekend then Arizona on Tuesday 22 to 29th and then back to whitefish depending on friends here see if they want to < PROPFEMALE > out if they dont then off to whitefish again for a while .... and then school starts on the 4th of January ... a whole two weeks off but Ill graduate in 3 semester taking winter classes .... 
Where am I gonna watch the game tonight ? hmm need to figure that out ? 
Time to get new phone screen smashed but still works sporadically 
Driving to Whitefish tonight ... and asking myself .. why drive back to Missoula ? 
Downloaded Eminem Cd now Im driving to Whitefish .. at least new music makes time go by a little faster ... Its Not the drive there thats so bad its coming back ... 
30 minutes after saying\so sad leaving whitefish wish I could stay ill be back in 3 weeks .... couple hours of a day wasn't enough\ " Im in Whitefish for two days stuck .. did get to see freinds and now Im in Arizona " 
wow wow ... what ... 
Feels like having this week away from everything in Arizona ... is exactly what he needed . 
Just wants to check his grades ... damn fees .. But looking for a Steelers win .. < PROPMALE > loss , Jets Loss , Jacksonville loss and a nice sunday for myself 
Start school tomorrow .. Wow what a winter break 
sitting on facebook in class .. putting my money to work 
Test .. test ... Should start the studying .. 
Im ready for spring semester . Spring semester = big check = skiing in Whitefish 
yeahh ... half way done .. huh .. winter session kicks ass in a lot of different ways ... I know Tyce will agree with me on that .. 
WInter session has ended and spring semester starts monday . Glad Im nice ' n ' fresh , and fully at 100% for Spring semester . After that 6 week break it usually takes a while for me to get going .. I wont have that problem this year ... And receiving an A grade takes a little pressure off of my GPA for spring semester ... So Im glad I got an A .. now where are the checks at ? I want my money ... 
Is So Glad his car is paid off after six years .. 
Same old thing .. 
I dont ever want to hear anyone ever say that an apple in the morning is supposed to wake you up better then coffee . I did both this morning apple first . Just isn't the same as a strong cup of coffee . I will never give up coffee . .. ever 
Just one more class to go .. on this awful Monday , Wednesday , Friday .. class schedule setup . 
is shocked that everyday has been a surprise so far this year ... when something goes bad something good shows up soon after ... so now what ? Bad or good guess it doesnt matter if it all equals out in the end anyways ... 
7 oclock on a saturday just not fun 
Likes the snow until its time to drive 
is very happy looking straight across from him at his two mandolins ( 5 string electric and the 8 string acoustic ) after working on them , by putting on new strings , and doing a minor cleaning on the instruments which were severely lacking there deserved proper amount of attention and appreciation .. Im glad there fixed and shiny ... looking the way they should .. its such a nice view 
Wow ... and it ended up being nothing at all .. So I had 3 options .. one of them involved keeping my word .. and I go with that one ... and that meant doing nothing apparently ... geese .. time to do homework salvage something to take away thats positive for the weekend .. besides being healthy and practicing hobbies . 
Another day thats gonna be wonderful starting out with B & G ... 4 hours of sleep ... 
and Big decision is what to do with unused forresters ball ticket ..? 
Its just chemistry .. thats it 
Undecided , Undefined .. Undisturbed yet undermined .. Relocated not Retired .. Reprimanded and Rewind .. Mystified and Misshapen , Misinformed but not Mistaken .. Reinvented , Redefined , Rearranged but not Refined .. Unrelenting , Understroked .. Undeterred yet Unprovoked .. Reinvented , Redefined .. Rearranged but not Refined . Mystified and Misshapen , Misinformed but not Mistaken Undecided , Undefined . 
Organic Chemistry test at 12 is nothing fun and ending up on the hood of a car walking to class isnt very fun either 
new Boondock saints better be good 
One class and a bunch of work 
Alarm needs to start going off in the morning .. killing me for school .. set it for 6 am so I can study for Organic chem exam and then wake up at 9 am ... is like a punch in the gut .. but Ill still kill it ... Just because I have to .. and always do 
A lot of work is what I need to do and a lot of luck is what I need in conjunction 
I would be more empathetic .. if I wasnt so apathetic at the moment .. and over the last month . 
.. is wondering if he will wake up in time for skiing at snow bowl tomorrow ?... 730 am thats gonna be rough . Loves this new app program that plays ( by putting a voice to what anyone types or has typed ) . This program may be Archaic but its oh so good for school . Now I can copy and paste a chapter of chemistry just listen to it all .. its so much better .. well its a change of pace , and thats just appreciated right now ... 
As far as skiing .. well that didnt happen so .. if you dont go skiing theres always studying and watching college basketball . Yup 
The last Nip/Tuck is on tonite I cant believe it .. 
Finally walked away from a Chem exam confident that I did well 
Life's good ... Every moment right now is fun , new , and just an opportunity for me to be positive and happy . So how long will it last .. Ill worry about that later ... 
12 pages and done . 
Nice weather for spring break and not worrying how Organic Chem exam went , or his Bio exam today , Whatever happens , it seems like I always end up good in the end . Especially when there is so much to look forward to and to be thankful for everything that is going on in my life right now . I love spring and its time to get outside and study .. Its fun and Im excited about my attempted week away from stress 
Some how , some way I got tickets to Telluride Colorado phish shows which are scheduled a week before Hornings hide out and yeah I got those as well . Somehow the lottery system worked for me both times . I dont know how it happened but it did . Just a lot of luck 
Just trying to make it to Telluride Colorado , which coincidently coincides with his one and only month break from school . If < PROPMALE > M . < PROPFIRST > can make it to August and summer school over ... he will be happy and thinks it sounds fantastic . Until then , well he just wants everything to go well and be done with next four months . Thats all .. 
To much to fast .. Maybe ? 
Defintely 
Whats on my mind not much .. I am starting to think about fly fishing and whitefish ... summer school 9 units and a summer road trip .. Hoping for the best and happy to be where Im at . 
I am starting to think about fly fishing and Whitefish/summer school 13 hrs and a summer road trip .. Hoping for the best and happy to be where I am . 
Bio Final today shittttttttt ..... It helps to know so I can study 
and why am I never surprised more and more twisted as time passes ... Some peoples kids Im just glad Im not one of those kids hahahaha ... ha 
yeah I've never been so tired in my life .. just beat up .. from finals work , working out , studying in between .. It feels like I'm reaching exhaustion point 
Its all over after 21 weeks of school .. well for a week at least and on to summer ... hope for the best and move on .. and enjoy next week 
Blasts from the past ... 3 in 4 days .. huh ? 
Forcing songs into people heads so they get stuck there for a bit .. Maybe staying busy is a good thing 
going to organic chem ... second time around summer school .. all because of a C last semester in organic chem .. weather is nice though and I've got duke 
Tests ... and tests .. like hoops you have to jump through wheres summer sunshine my garden needs sunlight .. please and I need to fly fish 
Is thankful 
A's 
Please .. last test before final and I do not want to take Organic Chemistry again receiving a passing grade but still having to retake it ... no no no .. time for something different and to enjoy summer give up this organic chem 
Its time to go at it after this week .. because chemistry is over and summer begins and if you cant go to freshman classes like ceramics and public speaking a little tired from the night before .. well I don't know what to tell ya 
Is excited and happy 
Just me being me ... 
Simplicity is a beautiful thing .. running with dog working out are the high lights of my day and Im so happy theres no more chem . 
another day of going to the Gym ... 
Is back in whitefish and is oh so hoping to run into a few people 
That really got out of hand quickly 
Move .. move on . And keep going you'll know when you get there ... mother of God .. but at least I had dope weekend whitefish , bigfork , mizzu was ghost town for 4th 
Is everything a joke ? 
Supposed to be funny 
Yes it is 
That was fun .. 
Now that was interesting 
Selfishness was the downfall of it all 
Delivered the worst speech I've ever scene .. except girl from miss teen usa or miss us 2007 she awful ... drive home mangle yur car .. thinking about all that 
Finally have my < PROPMALE > back .. been three months and now I have it .. Geeses Im so happy about it . Time to celebrate put these two horrible months behind me and live again .. whats there like two weeks left of school . 
Flathead again .. Is it that time again .. I guess it is ... I want to go back 
Be good or be good at it ... 
what the hell ? 
Well then .. 
like a weight draging you down ... 
is very concerned and has Serious questions about his mini vacation this weekend to the flathead valley ... 
Vacation is gonna happen .. last flathead weekend 
\That didn't make a damn bit of sense ... and at no time could I find or comprehend any sense of meaning ... or even a clear direction in your conjecture posing as a joke . \"" 
Feels great after 7 mile run .. doesnt want to < PROPFEMALE > dog back after he gives up again mid run . I lost a notch of respect for Duke 
And lost another notch today when I found out Duke gave up mid Hike ... Bodega tonite ?.. I dont see why not 
Bodega oh .. thats why I feel like I got hit by a truck .. Oh Im looking forward to going to flathead lake . 
Im Leaving tonite ... be back on Monday . 
Took Duke for a walk around Whitefish . Then I got some money then I saw people I used to work with at FI bank . Took Duke for scenic tour so he could put his head out the window so he can get to smell some new smells . Now Im fixing car get that done and enjoy being back 
just got done taking Duke for a walk around Whitefish . I miss it .. I got some money so I can fix my car then saw a bunch of people I used to work with at FIB The best was taking Duke for scenic tour , so he could put his head out the window and he can get to smell some new smells .. which is all he cares about . Now Im fixing car get that done and enjoy being back visiting friends . 
Is at the remington ... thinks its incredablly strange to be back in whitefish on a Friday nite .. but its a lot of fun 
A day of fixing my car .. all day .. except for car show in kalispell in the morning .. 
Time off to enjoy sunsets .. everything else is what it is 
Not much going on .. I just don't know what to do .. a year of school straight ... I have two and a half weeks to not do a thing .. glacier 
Glacier ? Huh .. that sounds fun head into wilderness 
How many days ? 
And waiting ... 
... 
Eventually superficial charm wears off .. and now vengfullness is all I see and that's just sad and hard to respect from anyone 
A Sunday everything went wrong ... school can't get a damn thing right second year straight they have screwed up .. day has been awful .. looking forward to monday 
And that's first time I've looked forward to a monday 
has been consistently in an excessively happy mood , but feeling like it was just monday , and now its friday .. an incredible week that flew by . I just dont want to go back to work on Sunday .. it has been so nice having last 3 weeks off . My hiatus , like all good things , has to come to an end . Im just thankful and appreciative looking forward to visiting friends at Flathead Lake at the end of August 
Time to go to work 
and then Im going Fly Fishing , the summer in Montana is like nothing else . 
Finish work and go fly fishing .. yup thats what Im gonna do 
What a day .. Tubing flyfishing didnt work out ... but oh well 
lifes great 
You know your luck is bad when you can't even get your phone to work right 
Flyfishing 
and more flyfishing .. 
Flyfishing is slowing down till October and back to reality of finishing my education 
That really happened .. I swear 
Deleting that 
Truth .. 
I cant be sick again I was hoping for just allergies no suck luck .. Here we go again . Im perpetually recovering from being sick . 
Ill just be stronger for it 
I cant stand Fox news or Fox . So now Fox has a right to extend there bias into sports ? Giants had the worst post world series celebration last night Ive ever seen . Look at the Yankees after they won ! Why is Fox and their people in general , so scared of people that are different ? Giants and San < PROPFIRST > are great , made up of people who think a little different , and I love it . Giants deserve , earned something better . 
God I love the Giants I cant wait till next year . 
Im tired 5 semesters straight and I need a break .. before my GPA goes down the tube 
I dont believe it !!!!!! 
I'm finally happy its winter and getting used to the cold . Momtana winters are amazing 
The day and time is coming 
Just Booked flight for B.C and I couldnt be more excited to see 3 great friends from High School 
School and B.C , Whistler coming up in 12 days Im loving life 
The Steelers are gonna play big today and pull off the \W \"" 
Looking ahead and trying to just get through this first week of school(well half of it ) and when Thursday rolls around Im going to get on a plane as quickly as possible out of missoula headed north for 3 days of fun 
Steelers are winning superbowl again they win every other year that streak has to stay alive . 
Back home and wondering how I'm gonna make up 2 days worth of classes and three labs that go with it I . Get it done I always do and have 
I dont care what a person does but stop wasting money on stupid issues that have little < PROPMALE > in passing . Thats all my point is ... do something that matters with tax money 
Steelers .. ahh that fricken hurts ... they didn't even come to play 
When the door handle breaks off your car , first thing in the morning as you try and open the door .. ahh well it should be a sign that it should at least be a snow day cause that sucks . 
