Had good south indian food for diwali !!! Thanks to Priya and Sridhar for hosting the dinner party with American fireworks !!! It was gr8 to see tamil families after 3months !!! Thank You kudos for the fun and enjoyment !!! It was a gr8 day !!! 

Stressed out with assignments and projects ... Jus 2 more weeks to go !!! 
Getting too stressed with review papers ..... 
Jus one more day to go !!!!!!! 
I am done with the presentation !!!! 
I am done with the presentation and the professor liked it !!!! 
What a frozing thanksgiving day !!!! 
Thank you to all those who said I can`t do it , you made me do it !!! Thank you to all those who said you will get it , you inspired me !!! Thank you for those who supported me and was by my side - my friends !!!! you were the biggest treasure of my life !!!! 
Finally I am done with my exams !!!!!! Fall semester ends !!!! Vacation started :-) 
I am busy packing !!!! 
I am busy packing !! Bu-bye to Florida !!! 
I'm busy packing !! Bu-bye Florida !!! Welcome Texas !!! 
Reached < PROPMALE > !!!! 
I am starving in cold now !!! 
Started my work !!!! Killing and dissecting :-) 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > and Okla for a great international meal !!!! 
Happy republic day !!!! 
Ice storm !!! 
Missing my graduation day :-( :-( 
Those SVCEians attending convocation have a great and wonderful time !!! 
Spring break is over and yet again in lab !!!! 
24 hrs per day !!! can`t I have some more :-( 
Iniyya puthandu nallu vazthukal !!! 
Looking forward for May 5 !!! 
St. < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Missing home :-( :-( 
20 more days to go to start my work :-( 
Hoping something good would turn up on my way !!!! 
Had a perfect dinner with lots of intellectual talks :-) and gossips !!! Perfect weekend !!! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > :-) 
DND till june 22 
Oops what a long wait than usual !!! After 19 months 6 days I am finally gonna meet my nephew Mr. Nitin , the small little big boss of my family for the first time !!!! A perfect example of minority rule is Nitin in my house . Getting excited for my trip :-) :-) 
Home sweet home :-) :-) 
Happy friendship day !!!! 
puriyatha puthir !!!! 
Frame every so-called disaster with these words ' In five years , will this matter ? ' 
Happy independence day !!! 
However , good or bad a situation is , it will change 
Yipee !!!! I got results :-) Done with my first expt :-) 
Inspite of calling you guys at 6pm for 7pm party , you all made it . Thank you so much Sriram , Jingjing , Fengying , < PROPFEMALE > and Guru for making my day special . 
Missing home badly :-( wish i could be in bangalore this week :-( 
Force makes you do things even though you hate to do it ... There is no other option left rather than doing it uninterestedly ... 
Excited !!!!!!!! 
Excited , thrilled and desperate .. all at same time 
Enthiran awesome movie !!!! Rajni classical role .. chumma athirudulla :-) 
8am-12am :-( 16hrs of work :-( 3 expts in one day which dragged as 6 expts .. Still thinking hard will i get results , GOOD results ?????????????? 
If you want to master the < PROPMALE > of < PROPFEMALE > , calmness , persistence , persevarance , self-confidence , ambitious , tough-doer , ' dont give up attitude ' DO RESEARCH :-) 
Do any of you know how to do Reduction and alkylation for ingel digestion of proteins in SDS < PROPFEMALE > for Mass spec ???? 
They say TRUE friends go long periods of time widout spking n never question their friendship . These friends pick up like they jus spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far they live . They understand life is busy but u will always love them . Special dedication - Lg , Vidya , Vaish , Aarthi , Agalya periasamy , Jaysh , Gokul , Jaya , Khush :-) Very special dedication Deepu 
If you never failed , you never lived !!!! 
Had an awesome time n Hogs !!!!! Thanks to Dr. Jingjing . We had a beer party for her successful completion of degree . After a long time , I had a great time together with my professors and their families . Long waited get together :-) I got really good compliments from my professor wives ... Blless in disguise :-) 
Wish you all happy and safe Diwali !!!! 
Thanks to all those innocent souls whom I have been torturing for past 1 month . Your suggestions were valuable !!! With all twists and turns I figured out what went wrong !!!! 
Children`s day !!!! 
The people who make a difference in your life are not the ones with the most credentials , the most money , or the most awards . They are the ones that care . 
Snow started so soon !!!!! 
Thanksgiving at Dr. Kuenzel`s home ... Yet another awesome dinner 
Sick for past 4 days !!!! Miss Dr. Mathew`s rough nd tough injections which cures me in a day ... You dont need an appointment nor you dont have to be patient for hours together to meet him .. Alas !!! here you have money , have < PROPFEMALE > but still no doctor to treat you atleast for one hour .. Shots which they gave me took 1 whole day to have its effect ... India is a heavenly paradise on earth 
Final week !!!!! 
Phew !!!! Done with Biochem :) Done with semester :) 
Jus in love with lyrics :) Too good to listen n kamal`s voice :) \ 
Yedhedho Dhesnangalai , Serkinra Nesandaanai\ 
Nee Paadhi Naan Paadhiyaay\ 
Korkinra Paasandanai\ 
Kaadhal Enru Persuttiye\ 
Kaalam Thandha Sondham Idhu 
Finally !!!!! 
Done with imaging of 400 slides :) Time to rest :) 
Happy new year !!!!! 
Back to work !!!! 
When I was young I thought that people at the top really understood what the hell was happening now I know they don't know 
Happy Pongal !!!! 
sharing from a friend's wall - \ 
\ 
Kids with special needs aren't ' sick ' or ' gross ' . They only want what everyone wants-to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at lease 1 hour ? This is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are ... faced with it !! 
Missing my mom and dad :( :( 
< PROPFEMALE > 61st republic day !!!! Jai Hind !!!!! 
Immunocytochemistry drives me crazy :( 
Wedding annniversary wishes to amma and appa 
Confused !!! 
' The first people had the questions , and they were free . The second people had answers , and they became enslaved . ' Suits well for grad students :( 
? Playing Todays happenings ?? Pause 11am ? Stop The Pain \ 
?? Rewinding the moments .... Thanks to my wonderful friends who are with me always and forever ... 
My silence means you are not worth the argument 
Home alone !!!!! 
Stressed out !!! 
Hoping that spring break will give some break in my research 
WoooooooooooWWWWWWWW 
\It was for Tendulkar . We did it ! \ " Yuvi :) " 
