is going to Wildside today 

is back from Vermont , with dishpan hands and a sunburn . Had fun anyway !!!! 
is having a grumpy sort of day . 
needs to kick the grouchiness habit 
just tried to save a duck , to no avail . :( 
Sushi , boyfriend , our families , and fireworks . < PROPFEMALE > will have a good day . 
had another marvelous day . :) 
is dancing to her own tune : freestyle classic hippie salsa . :) 
has been cutting , grinding and polishing stones today , and is now running low on fingernails . 
is feeling a fit of artsiness coming on . Or maybe it's just indigestion . 
is stewing .... 
is all dressed up and no place to go .... :) 
is thinking about writing a book about critters 
is trying to get a move on . She's been on her butt long enough . 
Won't screech anymore , I promise . 
Loves few things more than old poetry at reduced prices . It's the best of both worlds :) 
is beginning to wonder ..... 
Is going to Olivet tomorrow to fight against bureaucracy . And she WILL get her way . 
didn't get her way :( 
loves fuzzy sweaters , but needs to stop buying them . 
is waiting for inspiration .... 
can already tell that it's going to be a palm-to-the-forehead sort of day . 
has new wheels ! 
is taking the < PROPFEMALE > to the vet . :( 
Aw . < PROPFEMALE > needs surgery . But it's nothing mortifying . 
is going on an intoxicating adventure tomorrow ! :D 
My post-op < PROPFEMALE > just ran away . Oh , God . 
< PROPFEMALE > is back ! 
is eating cheerios and thinking ...... 
really wants to get this job ! 
Oh , god . I need to get out of this house !! 
' s stress level has lessened somewhat . :) 
thinks that today is a day to eat Italian ice and watch \Amelie\ " . I also think I miss Europe :) " 
thinks she may spend most of tomorrow at home , getting artsy with her embroidery set . Oh , and maybe reading more Thornton Wilder plays . 
Gaah ! Enough drama !!!! Glad I'm working tonight . 
needs a haircut . 
is haunting the internet every day , looking for jobs ( unsuccessfully , of course ) . 
is sad that she gave her man a cold . :( Poor < PROPMALE > . 
feels really icky . Summer colds are mean . 
is feeling better today :) 
Is feeling crabby and reclusive . Grrr . 
will be holed up in the studio being artsy all morning . New idea with quartz ! 
likes rainy days ! Wish there was more food in the house . 
gets to go to Wildside and play with the critters tonight ! 
was minding her own business when , upon stopping to pet a goat while walking the beaver , she was attacked by a rabid goose ! 
has a serious case of fuzzbrain today . :P 
ate too much pizza . Gonna sit and watch SNL . 
wants to go to Europe with her brother !! I may die of envy . 
is still eating 
wishes she had a pet rat to cuddle . 
gets shot down again . Student loans , rotten chem grades and unemployment are all kicking my ass in one swift stroke . 
has a toothache that would floor a rhinoceros . Yay , vicodin . 
has a big fuzzy river spider running around her window . As long as he minds his own business , I won't evict him . I may name him < PROPFIRST > . :) 
is really tired after a particuarly rough day at Wildside , and is going to bed now . 
is wondering what those lights in the sky are ...... 
is wondering what those lights in the sky are ...... Does anybody else see them ? 
has a sick cat . Poor < PROPFEMALE > ! 
found a sick little kitten in the raod today , and brought him back to a neighbor's house :) 
is winding down the week being artsy and playing with rocks in her garage . Can't wait for the weekend !! 
will be 23 on the 23rd , in 23 hours ! This amuses me . 
Thanks so much for all the birthday wishes , everyone ! Yesterday was a great day !! 
had a lovely weekend : good food , great fun and fantastic company !! :) 
' s cats are trashing the house again 
is going 80's geek tomorrow night ........ it will be a good day . :) 
is in a funk , which may turn into a snit as soon as she finds someone to grouse at . 
yay for sinus headaches . :( 
another job opportunity flopped . Grrrr . 
Chocolate , Moliere ..... I am feeling French , et J'aime la sensation ! 
has oodles to keep her busy for the next few days 
painfully early wake-up , couldn't find favorite clothing , dead car . Now waiting for my parents to realease me , so I can go and have fun . 
has discovered a new Lindt truffle flavor . 
after spending two hours and as many fingernails , I have added a pretty new rock to my collection . I'll make it into hippie jewelry soon . 
got her car back !! 
has her hippie jewelry !! 
thinks she is getting a cold . Booooo . :( 
thinks it's weird when random strangers try to friend you on facebook . 
has a $50 gift card to Hobby Lobby . My day is now full . 
has to go get a tetanus shot because of one rotten , angry rat . Grrr . 
is lacking inspiration :( 
thinks that Saturday is the best day of the week . 
thinks it is depressing that the rigors of life already make her feel so old :/ 
is in Okemos , attempting to be productive . 
doesn't remember productivity being this exhausting . 
wants to go to grad school in Boca Raton 
is sure that Mercury is retrograde again . Or is it Mars ? Whatever . Trials and tribulations galore ! 
How many of you still miss Invader Zim ? A picture of Gir just made me all nostalgic . 
My car is broken ...... again ! 
' s car is still broken :( 
Has run out of work and money , and hopes she gets paid soon . 
Groggy . Sooooo groggy . Not sorry . :) 
misses having something to do , and wishes her car wasn't broken . Then she could go fuss over her poor man . :( 
feels icky . :( 
is stranded at home . My plans with the boyfriend are ruined ! * grumble * 
My Valentines ' Day worked out great after all ! :) I am now making muffins ! 
is going to attempt to knit socks with a swollen finger , which she ever so gracefully mashed in a drawer . Ow . :P 
Urg . No more junk food . EVER . 
Chocolate withdrawl is a hideous business . 
is stranded at home and bored to death ......... 
is all croaky and tired . Sick again ! 
It is springtime !! Time to learn something new . Metalworking , I think ! 
' s ears are still ringing . :) 
rescued a mouse from five hungry cats . 
is learning more metalworking ! 
finally got her car back this week ! Hooray , hooray ! 
HATES stringing pearls , when a snap of a cord suddenly makes two days of work pointless . Must ..... throw ..... something ! 
is ( sigh ) stringing the miserable beads again . 
Thinks that her life needs to be less of a snore :P 
gets out of the house today !! 
got a TB test ( MSU nursing program requirements ) . No fun ! 
who lives in a most remote and peacefully deserted part of the countryside , got woken up before < PROPFEMALE > by a CAR ALARM ! Does that seem fair ? 
Has been feeling generally icky for days now , and is mighty tired of it . No more junk food ! 
is having computer trouble , and may not be on facebook very often :( 
Has a new cousin ! Congrats , Uncle < PROPFIRST > and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
is off to North < PROPFEMALE > today . Be back in a week ! 
It snowed in Traverse City this morning . Yick . Fortunately , I had a stunning hat ! :) 
had a tough day today . :( 
Hmmmm .... medicine or anthropology ? How can it be that a whole year has gone by , but I still haven't made up my mind ?! 
is going to wildside tonight ! I get to feed baby groundhogs ( who are sweet ) and baby opossums ( who aren't ) . 
If there is a box with 3 red balls and 5 blue balls , and you are asked how many combinations of 4 you can make without exceeding three of the same color in a single set in one minute , how much time can you spend braining yourself on your desk before they kick you out of the library ? Let's see : jkkklj fghmj hgjk ghj bghm ........................... 
East Lansing < PROPMALE > Fair tomorrow ! Hope it doesn't rain ! 
why does everything seem so irritating today ?! 
.......... oh , crap . 
misses < PROPMALE > already . Grumble . 
just finished drilling out 30 inches of < PROPFEMALE > pearls for a customer . So many blisters ! :( 
Gets a new < PROPFEMALE > today ! Well , for a little while , at least . 
How can < PROPMALE > not be getting any of my letters ???? This is worrisome and aggravating . 
Can keep her new < PROPFEMALE > ! 
just lost a job opportunity because I was stupid and mixed up the application due dates . *&%# !!!! 
< PROPMALE > finally got my first letter , which I sent over two weeks ago ! He's surviving and making some friends , but wants to be home ASAP . I miss him terribly . :( 
could watch Snowball the dancing cockatoo for hours . :) 
is taking a break from studying avian anatomy to watch Snowball the dancing cockatoo on youtube . :D 
5 weeks and 6 days ! Sigh . 
' s stone saw is fixed ! Yay ! 
Hmmmmm . < PROPFEMALE > internship in Utah . Must have details ! 
Despite spending 15-hour work days crawling in filth and wearing a keflex suit that doesn't breathe , I'm feeling a lot luckier than the animals I'm seeing . The last one admitted yesterday was a baby muskrat , soaked in oil and crying for its mother . It feels surreal that this has happened so close to home . 
EEEEEEEE ! I've got an internship !!! 
Back to work .......... grumble ...... 
Rinsed three geese today !! 
Figured out an excellent compromise at work : they don't have to risk contact with a raspy , knock-kneed germ-breather , and I get the next few days off . 
Bad turtle ! No biting !! 
was scrubbing a 10-lb snapper with a toothbrush . Then he woke up , and things got interesting . 
all the parched little frogs gather to bask on the wet pavement , too absorbed with the puddles to see my oncoming car . :( 
fell out of the beaver bin at work today . Swollen ankle , followed by a rediculous amount of drama . 
is disappointed with her new cellphone . :( 
Silly peon . No opinion for you . 
Question :\ 
If I need to hold the goose for the washing and the duck for the rinsing , and < PROPFEMALE > needs to hold the duck for the washing and the goose for the rinsing , but I need to be bailing water while < PROPFEMALE > is holding the duck and < PROPFIRST > is washing it , and we're doing the goose last , what do I do first ? :P 
found out that baby snapping turtles like to be rubbed behind the ears . 
is sick AGAIN . 
Dear immune system : Shape up ! You are stupid . Stop making me angry . 
While cleaning bird poo in the cold , cold rain , I imagined that I had run away to live in a Costa Rican jungle . I spent my time basking in the sun and throwing figs at tourists . It sounded nice . :) 
has turtle tendonitis . :( 
from now on , I will always associate the smell of mayonnaise with turtles . 
fell into the swan pool at work today . I've never been so alert at 8:00 am in my life . 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes ! It was a great weekend : quiet , relaxing , and completely free of turtles . Oddly enough , part of me misses the little biters . Back to Turtle Land tomorrow ! I miss you all ! 
They sent us home from work becasue it was < PROPFEMALE > . Lame . We all grumbled . Poor oily turtles will have to stay that way for another day , without food or nice people to scrub them . 
is off to Tucson ! :) 
Woke up this morning , and made the mistake of moving my hand . Ow ! My right index finger was twice as big as the left . Turtle tendonitis strikes again . 
is reading \Pride & Prejudice and Zombies\ " and laughing hysterically . " 
has to go to work again tomorrow . 10 hours in a humid 90 degrees , lifting filthy bins of reeking water , dealing with tempermental sump pumps and the resulting floods , tripping over hoses , going to meetings and arguing with my supervisor about whether it's ethical to talk to the turtles . Oh , yeah . I love my job . 
The smell of turtle in that building is quickly becoming a physical force . 
can't help but wonder why I chatter away constantly to the turtles , but instantly clam up whenever any member of my own species walks by . 
Forget all that education , work experience , and a certification ! Apparently , my opinion is irrelevant , even the care of mealworms is beyond my level of expertise . I realized long ago that I was getting paid to be ignored . 
fell down at work today because somebody left a chunk of PVC pipe rolling around in the walkway . Now I'm sporting a knee with all sorts of scrapes and interesting colors and one broken toe . @#$% . 
needs to get off her ass and go procure some sort of caffeine-filled beverage . No headache will prevent the trip to Celebration Cinema tonight ! :) 
As my supervisor put it , the work environment ( in which I have been toiling for six months , enduring health hazards , non-verbal insults and unbelievable filth ) is no longer appropriate for someone with my injuries . Yup . I just got fired for getting hurt on the job . 
< PROPFEMALE > , my awesome hairbrained cat , has decided that my blue stuffed turtle is family . She was up all night bathing it . :D 
Awesome job possibility in L.A. Don't want to be so far from home , but really not digging unemployment , either . Hrmph . 
Frightened great horned owl tries to sit on my head . Ouch . 
Stringing pearls and watching M*A*S*H . Wishing Tuesday would get here already . 
Just applied for an aviculture job in Monterey . Wish me luck ! :) 
rescued an injured little Blanding's turtle from the road . Possible spine damage-dunno If he'll make it :( 
Broke a toe . Again :P When I buy a house , rugs will be banned . 
has a cold . But with my history , I was overdue for another anyway . ' Tis now time to cuddle up with Moliere and a large fuzzy cat , and bitch at anyone who gets too close :P 
To the heartless person who ran over a kitten Tuesday afternoon and left the poor thing maimed and crying in the middle of the road : you are the scum of the Earth . 
Last-minute app to MSU submitted . Wish me luck ! 
just finished the first day of classes . Urg . Not used to this @#$% anymore . 
SO MUCH WORK . :/ 
killed a chipmunk . Needs a hug :( 
Recurring theme for this week : \What is this new devilry ? \"" 
missed an online quiz today because Angel wasn't working all weekend . Now , I just finished an online test , only to have it disappear unsaved . Who else at MSU hates the Angel website ???? 
Just got the second of three rabies shots . Feeling slightly icky . 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes . It was a good day . :) 
Off to physiology for another round of frustration . Urg . 
Just got through a pharmacology exam . Remembered everything but the word chloramphenicol . Wrote \pudding and sunshine\ " instead . I need a day off . :P " 
got to assist in surgeries on two of my cats . Awesomeness . :D 
There is an elderly ( but surprisingly healthy ) cat at the veterinary clinic near my house who needs a home ! She is a pure white with long hair , and is extremely affectionate . Her owner brought her to the clinic to be euthanized because she couldn't be cared for anymore . The vet is keeping her for a week in an effort to find a home for this deserving girl . If you've been considering getting a pet , she would be a good choice ! Please let me know !! 
