Ok , all the vaca pics are up ! Was a ton of fun ! ( ok not ALL the pics , but the ones that I CAN put on here are up ! ;) 

Lil laundry , finish school entrance crap , then out the door to shop !!!! 
is LOVING the new puter on the new tv ! 
\A true friend stabs you in the front . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Wilde " 
is very excited ! Find out today when I can have my laser surgery and get rid of the damn contacts/ glasses ! 
trying to convince myself the zoo is going to be fun ...... lol Valium is my friend ! 
is wondering why her sister in law has to be such a raging selfish CUNT !? Thanks for endangering my children ! 
is soooooo ready to have her eyes done !!!! 3 more days ! 
Today is the day ! NO MORE GLASSES !!! :D :D 
21 years of smoking .... quit today .... better get at least 21 after ! :) 
grrrrrrrrrr ! Why can't I sleep !? 
Headed north to finish packing and grab a few things .... 
My man is an X-Rated superman ! 
Laundry day ..... wooohooo ! 
AHHHHH !! I do love my bed ! 
Off to the Gym and the grocery store . :) 
Dinner Time ... then Back to the gym ! 
is zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
is not happy about the 730 wake up call ! 
Had a great lunch with an old friend , then shopping . As soon as my baby gets home , it will be a perfect day ! 
Plane takes off in 5 hours ... I'm off to get married ........ I'm so excited , I may hurl ! 
Getting ready for the long trip home ... at least it is NOT supposed to rain the whole way home ! Ready to go see my puppy and my bed ! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
is wondering if the front door close withOUT slamming ?! 
giving Wizdumb a bath and wondering why I am more wet than the dog !? :) 
Done with the grocery store .. feeling a nap coming on .... think I'll dream about my Hubby ! :) 
Had a great night . Xbox and a movie ! :) Night all . 
Making a Roast for dinner , cutting and marinating steaks for tomorrow , and fajita meat for the day after :) 
I don't understand how it is that I try to do something nice for someone and it still gets flipped into me having some evil endgame ! I fucking give up ! 
Love my awesome husband and his ability to check the people who need a little dose of reality . Thanks baby ! 
It was a great weekend ! Had some friends over and LOTS of holiday drinks ! I may have broken my tailbone , but I got to paddle < PROPFIRST > so it all works out even ! :D 
I do love a proper wake up in the morning ! :D 
Alright I give .. broken tailbone wins ..... anyone got a doughnut pillow ? :D 
Made it through another weekend with no new broken bones ! :D 
is wondering if she actually made the right choice ................ 
is done playing Halo ... and headed to bed . 
Have energy today ... but the sweats need to GO AWAY ! 
ahhh the smell of mt . Dew and Draino in the morning .......... 
NEW FIVE FINGER DEATH PUNCH ALBUM IS THE SHIT !!!!!!! 
Apparently all the kick ass old folks shop @ giant eagle ! I pull into a spot , my stereo was admittedly to loud , look to my right and this old man in the car next to me trows up horns and proceeds to bang his head , grinning like a toddler . Then after shopping , I go to my car and there is an 80 ish year old lady looking in the front of my car who ask's \ do you like your car ? It's gorgeous and I love all the skulls ! \"" 
So with recent events in my neighborhood , last one being a rape 4 doors down during the middle of the day ... it's time to buy another gun . Still undecided on another . 45 or 9mm but I guess either will provide a nice enough hole in the chest ! If anyone local finds a good LEGAL deal .. let me know ! 
WooooHooo .. I get to go to the grocery store .... :( 
Chilli is on and smells num yummy !!!!! 
So glad < PROPFIRST > came to visit ! Hope you enjoyed the chilli . Now it's time to play some xbox !!!!!!!!!!!! 
You don't scare anyone babe ! ;) 
Is it time to start drinking yet ? 
So I handed < PROPFIRST > a cookbook today , said tag some pages that look good so when I go shopping I can get everything . 10 mins later he comes in and says none of the pictures look like enough . LOL It's not a MENU BABE ! I will make more than 1 thing ! LMFAO 
shower , then baking , then cleaning ......... 
Trying NOT to be angry about being awake ............... 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
HATES !!!! HATES !! HATES !!!! Being lied to ... especially about little stupid things !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
nothing like waking up to choppers circling overhead ! 
Loud indignation against vice often stands for virtue in the eyes of bigots . ~ J . Petit-Senn 
ok , cell phone is toast text blue if you need me ... have one later tonight , pictures and story will be posted tomorrow . 
o my phone ... this dude passed us in a turn < PROPFIRST > becuase we had to stop behind a whole line of traffic ... at a light then and cut us off again later ... so I flipped him off . we get to a light he puts his kickstand down on his wannabe < PROPMALE > , turns around , stares , and raises his hands . So I took off my seatbelt and got outta the car screaming at him . Love the \oh shit I didn't think She would get out\ " look ! " 
I have the best husband in the world ! :D 
Having a lazy day before the weekend fun ! 
I'm fighting old age so hard even my makeup brush has greys ! 
What a great night with a perfect full < PROPFEMALE > ! I had hours of fun filled dreams talking to myselves , that's where we work things out . ;) After one conversation I have decided I am done fighting theese grey hairs . I EARNED THEM ! :) Plus , they are coming in a perfect white and in large < PROPFIRST > ! I have wasted HOURS bleaching , rebleaching , and coloring this hair just to have to redo it a month later ! 
s waiting on her copy of Modern Warfare 2 to get here ! Blue and Buddha .... You are my heros ! :) :) :) 
is ready to play Modern Warfare 2 !!! 
waiting for people to get on MW2 
trying to decide on a topic for my entrance paper for Philosophy ...... 
off to the dentist ............... fun ! 
mmmmmmmm chicken and dumplings ! 
I feel invisible .................................. 
off to the dentist ..................... 
getting a spakley makeover by < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
off to the dentist again ................ sigh 
great night gaming ! Thanks guys ! 
ok I give ....... night all . 
Is it time to play yet ? Where's our match Blue ?!! 
It was a great day yesterday ! Thanks to everyone that made it such a fun Bday ! 
Had a great lunch with Buddha , Oneshit , and < PROPFEMALE > yesterday ! Thanks guys , I had fun and can't wait to do it again ! Today is all about the laundry and cleaning . WOOOOHOOO :D 
off to the denist again ! :( 
FRKN OWWWWWWW !!!!! 
Has anyone seen the sandman ??!!!!??? 
Happy Newb killing day !!! 
watching the Wizard of Oz ! 
anyone alive ? 
3 hour movie , 100% sub titles , and STILL no sleep in sight ...... 
WHEW !!!!! I have not been THAT drunk in AWHILE ! :D 
off to the dentist again ! 
Ok so cute lil < PROPFEMALE > wants to make her big brother < PROPFIRST > Waddell look pretty with her new makeup < PROPFEMALE > .... I need a vote .. yes for pretty , no for breaking a 6 year old angels heart ! :) 
Getting my < PROPFEMALE > makeover and watching videos on youtube ... :) 
I hate commercials ! Now I want a red lobster cheese biscuit . ;( 
Can not sleep .......... lovin youtube 
Morning world ... is < PROPFIRST > over yet ?!! 
I feel a nap comming on . 
snow snow go AWAY ! 
just shoveled part of the driveway and I must say , I am so OVER snow ! 
Happy Easter all ! The kids are sugarloaded and in the pool burning it off ! :) 
As we cruise through Kentucky I must apologize to the Col . I loved your chicken for years , but made the mistake of trying popeyes and now I'm hooked ! The red beans and rice are like crack and a northern rehab did not help ! So thank you col for the many years of comfort food , but it's time for me to move on ! :) 
\I AM watching the road ! \ " . He says with both pairs of glasses in his hands and none on his face . :) " 
I hate mornings !!!! 
My friend Angel just informed me she suffers from sleep napnea .... frequent tendency to take a nap . Lol 
What a perfect lazy Saturday morning ! 
Jäger my old friend .... how I have missed you ! Who needs a shot ? :) 
Ep misses her xbox ! 
I am not a fan of waking up to the sound of weedeaters and mowers ! Luckily the apt has very little grass in any one spot . Zzzzzzzzzzzz 
Bottoms up ! 
Having a bad day . Going back to bed . Sucks when the truth hurts ! 
Starbucks makes everything better ! 
Apartment clean , ready for food , a good book and a nap ! 
Wants sleep !!! 
Ok these little biting ants are bullshit ! OWWWWWW ! 
Stealing this from < PROPFIRST > Cook : Have compassion for all beings , < PROPMALE > and poor alike ; each has their suffering . Some suffer too much , others too little . -Buddha- 
Can't sleep !!!! Grrrrr !!!! 
I hate waiting !!!! 
I'll be MIA for a few weeks . See you all when I get home ! 
Hellro Tennessee ! 
Hellro Kentucky !!!!! 
Hellrooooo ohio ! It's good to be home ! 
THUNDER !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Playing wii with your 7 year old twins is fun ... but the girlz ruling .. boys drooling .... Kicking the dirty boys ass ... PRICELESS !!!!! 
having a great day , about to watch Gabes soccer game ! 
some people should be aware of how they look before braving public in tiedye ! lmao 
I SWEAR I just cleaned this house ...... :) 
mmmmmMargarita ! 
WHY CAN'T I SLEEP ?!! :( 
Floors all mopped , laundry done ... it's nap time !!! :D 
This isn't rocket surgery ! :) 
You look like you might have seen one up close ! 
thinks it is time for a little morning call of duty ! 
drunk texts are dangerous ! :) 
loving the morning storm !! :) 
woohooo ..... powers out , goodnight all . 
awwwww yeah ! Bring on the Jesus juice !!! 
Dinner was awesome .... love the homemade pesto ! Time for the alcohol soaked fruit !!!!! 
sooooooooo sleepy ! I think I need a nap . 
Off to see Oneshot and hopefully < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Loving the rain !!!! 
starting my morning off watching Smokin Aces 2 
any day now sandman ..... :( 
I Love love love bloody < PROPFIRST>'s! 
Ok really ...... enough with the early mornings !!!! 
.... I need about tree fiddy ...... :) 
Perfect day so far ! Windows open , house clean , lunch over ..... time for some xbox ! 
Wondering why a younger version of myself had a fascination with the most ignorant of men !?????? Talk all the shit you want now ... some day soon ..... they will see it for what it is . Obvious ignorance . 
1/2 hour till the beef stew is ready to eat . Smells sooo good I can't wait for dinner then some xbox !! 
Had a great morning . < PROPFIRST > and I ran errands and grabbed some lunch . Now time for a lol housework and then a nap ! 
making choc chip cookies with Gabe and < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Oatmeal raisin cookies out of the oven in ten minutes ! Smelling yummy already . :) 
I love saturday morning cartoons !!! 
out to lunch À city barbecue . Mmmmmmmm ribs ! 
very very very drunk 
Patron on ice with a squirt of lime tonight ! Happy bday < PROPMALE > ! 
Why is there nothing on tv still ??? I understand @ 4 am , but aren't \normal\ " people awake at 6:30 ? " 
Friday morning baking ! :) 
mmmmm I love my wine ! 
Today was a good day ! Tanning is done , Lasagna is in the oven , and now just have to roll a few cigs and relax ! :) 
I hate being awake and ready to start my day when everyone else is asleep and will be for hours yet ! Guess I will take WizDumb for a walk . 
Off to see Inception with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and El ! :) 
Really ?! Chickenpox ?! 
OMG make the itching stop !! Frkn chickenpox !!! 
power has been out all day ... Sounds like a good reason to go to < PROPFEMALE > Garden . Hopefully it will be back on by the time we get home !!! 
Some days I wonder why I even bother ! 
fujiyama for lunch . 
Xbox and Alcohol .... perfect weekend ! 
Today has been a good day . :) 
xbox time . I can not wait for a new game !!! 
Today is gonna be a good day ! 
Had a nice walk ... now its nap time ! :) Thanks to the tanning guy for trying to ruin my day . Sorry I couldn't let ya ! 
xbox time ... 
let the celebration begin ! Jersey Mikes for dinner then Jager and xbox ! 
lol ok drunk euchre over .. on to drunk xbox slaughtering time ! 
lol I love shooting dirty boys on drunk xbox night !!!! 
My happy palce for the day : A gravel road to the middle of nowhere , a radio , blanket and a bottle ! :) Enjoy the full < PROPFEMALE > !! :) 
Tanning made me sleepy , but It'S such a beautiful day out ! I see a nap in front of the open window while watching wizard of oz on blueray ! :) 
Do you have time ? 
xbox time ! :) 
Way to go buckeyes ! 1:18 and it's shot time already ! 
So < PROPFIRST > says that it is JUST SAD that < PROPMALE > and I have finished off half the 12 pack of dew and it's not even cold yet ! lol I do not understand the problem ! ;) 
lets play !! 
just watched Flash Gordon ...... lol 
hmmmm nap or a farewell game of COD ...... IT'S ALMOST HALO TIME !!! 
OMG come on midnight !!!! 
I've got my copy .. lets play !!! Gamestops parking lot looks like a scene from fast and furious with everyone bolting to get home and play . 
STILL HAVING FUN !!! Any other halo players tonight ? 
ok the sun is coming up , time for bed ! :) 
Off to get my motorcycle permit ! Anyone scared ? :) 
Going to go buy my scooter today ! :) 
< PROPMALE > cycle seems like a really good place to start a scooter business . 
pork loin roast in the crockpot , laundry done , house clean ! Im off to tan and then ???????? 
Mindlessly searching music .... 
Just had some Masseys pepperoni pizza ! Mmmmmmmmmm :) 
lol I am loving this season of Sons ! 
There is neither happiness nor misery in the world ; there is only the\ 
comparison of one state to another , nothing more . He who has felt the \ 
deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness . We must have\ 
felt what it is to die , that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life . \ 
- Alexandre Dumas 
\The secret of happiness is to make others believe they are the cause of it . \ " \ 
jager , cards , and halo with < PROPFIRST > , Hose , and < PROPMALE > ! :) 
lmfao ... Eli learned trust falls dont work as well when everyones reaction time is severly depriciated . 
Shitty dreams suck ! 
Happiness is killing zombies ! 
Today was a good day . :) see some jäger tonight ! 
Today is a great day ! Just got a smooch from my hubby , found all my music , and got the call that my scooter will be delivered today !!!! :) 
Watching the shining on AMC ! :) 
If I am invisible , I do not have to put up with your shit ! 
My scooter paperwork showed up today !!!!! I will have tags and be scaring people on the road by tomorrow afternoon ! :) 
Have I mentioned how much I can not stand the people at the BMV !??? 
round two on getting my title and tags . Wish me luck ! 
woooohooooo !!! Look out world I have tags ! 
I give this morning a B+ ......... 
“The greatest humiliation in life is to work hard on something from which you expect great appreciation , and then fail to get it . ” < PROPMALE > Watson Howe 
I am grateful for the beautiful day ! Rode my scooter for a few hours and had a great lunch with < PROPFIRST > ! 
pork roast in the oven .. now time to clean fridge and pantry out ! It is a big boy weekend so we will be drinking tonight ! :) 
Well , I think the homemade cinnamon rolls where a hit ! :) 
I am soooooo ready to play !!! see you on by 12:15 ! 
Mourning the passing of ErotiK Pain . She was a crazy bitch who always had that late night ear . She will be missed by very few , but intensely . RIP EP 
My husband kicks ass ! I am upstairs still in bed , playing video games and in he comes with the lunch he made for me and a cold dew . :) IT is yummy ! < PROPMALE > ! 
I love laying here night after night , unable to sleep , wondering when the last tree will be cut down !!!!! 
Where ever you go , there you are . 
Unless you are 1 of 2 people , having an opinion on the way my marriage works is a bit pointless . I see you as I would a window shopper . You can not describe important textures , colors , or smells . You can not describe how anything feels in your hand or on your skin . ( continued ) 
I hate it when you finally fall asleep and your cell phone rings ; I hate it even more when its not YOUR phone ringing ! 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes ! I had a wonderfu day ! < PROPFIRST > Waddell and Hose visited . < PROPFIRST > bought lunch at jersey < PROPFIRST > s and < PROPMALE > Howe bought us all dinner @cinco de Mayo . Hose brought me a present and card and we finished the night off with the UFC fight . ( you owe me a dollar < PROPMALE >!) 
Guess I will order my own damn food . 
I find it odd that I live with two grown men and yet I am forced to sit here and watch the 3rd twilight movie because they wanted to see it . zzzzzzz 
There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal info : everything from pics you've posted , your approx credit score , home value , income , age , family member's names . Remove yourself by searching your name , find your < PROPFEMALE > , copy the URL then go to the bottom right of the < PROPFEMALE > & click on the Privacy link to remove yourself . Copy/re-post so your FB friends are aware ( Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ) 
< PROPFIRST > just called and informed me that they are building a Popeyes on < PROPFEMALE > road . YEAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH !!!!!!! :) Thank god something good happened today ! 
at Buckeye Valley watching < PROPFIRST > wrestle . Go < PROPFIRST > !! 
way to go < PROPFIRST > ! Nice pin !!! 
Spending the day music hunting ! 
Have you noticed that you are only seeing updates or comments from the same people lately ? That's because Face book made a change . You only see posts from people you interact with regularly . To change this , scroll down to the bottom of the news feed on the homepage and click on ' Edit Options ' , click on ' Show Posts From ' and change the setting to ' All Of Your Friends and Pages ' . * RE-POST * AND LET EVERYONE KNOW * 
Anyone else find that new old Navy \super CUTie\ " commercial SUPER irritating ?! Must be time to play some xbox . :) " 
There are no more squeaky doors int he house , the beef stew is started in the slow cooker , and now to make some bread bowls . :) Anyone have an excellent recipe ? 
It amazes me that I am capable of the most basic tasks when I OBVIOUSLY do not know anything ! Thank goodness for my educated husband ! 
Anyone have a Samsung galaxy tab ? Thoughts ? 
out to dinner at outback with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . Sooooo hungry ! :) 
Dear Fed Ex man ; Please drive carefully but hurry to my house ! Please do not continue to make me hover by the front window looking for your < PROPFIRST > . Bring me my tab fed ex man !!!!!! :) 
Think I love my tab ! 
I so wish I could fall back asleep ! 
The next person to touch me when I am asleep will pull back a bloody stub . Fair warning . 
Yep , it is the perfect day to stay in bed . 
I am so ready for jager night ! :-) 
Jager , please be friendly tonight . I would like to remember some of tonight . :-) 
The lasagna is ready for the oven . The bread is on its final rise and then in the oven it goes . Who's hungry ? 
XBox or clean ? hmmm 
Had a great day with @ < PROPFIRST > Cook . Thanks for taking me to get this years tags for my shooter and for sharing that pitcher of margiritas with me at lunch ! 
I love the spontaneous wed night/ thirsting morning drinking . Thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . 
Go outside and enjoy the < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I slept like a baby ! Now time for some xbox ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and wizdumb decided we should < PROPFEMALE > out in bed and play xbox today . :-) 
\The only reason for the samurai sword in the closet is home invasion or zombie attack . \ " ( Eliiiiiiiiiiiiii ) " 
I can not wait till next lifetime when I get my penIs ! 
What you fail to realize is .... I do not give a shit . :) Have a nice day . 
Can not sleep . . . Guess I will play . 
Lmfao < PROPMALE > just asked me if he could use my pad . . . . . 
It WAS a beautiful day . Woke up , opened all the windows to enjoy 67 degree temps , sat down , lit a cig , and it started pouring . Oh well , I needed a sleep in day anyway . :) 
