Phillies game tomorrow with sammers & HOBY <333 

Phillies game tonight with < PROPFIRST > & HOBY <3 
is dead tired , last night <3 
not a big fan of the rain , going to < PROPFEMALE>'s grad party :) 
is spending time with daddd :) 
jordyn is heree :) 
catching lighting bugs :) 
relay was fun though the weather was a bit a downer . 
too much to do today :\\ 
missing xc practice ? fmll :( 
excited for tuesday ! 
apples are FRUIT :) 
tonight’s gonna be a good night 
reading < PROPMALE > potter non-stop , xc practice later ! 
legs are dead 
new asicsss :) 
dislikes itunes and ipods :( 
skipping xc , still going running :) 
ugly truth with < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > tonightt :) 
< PROPFIRST > , you are coming to practice no matter what ! 
is very happy :) seven new books from the library ! 
It's hard to believe how much I did for you . Everyone knew how much I adored you . But that's that and I ain't lookin ' back . tomorrow ! <3 
The most difficult sport . Cross country requires both skill and a work ethic . People who don't like cross country are just mad because they can't do it . urban dictionary :) 
spaghetti dinner :) 
five days until the office ! 
:) 
That’s just the way it is . I’ve done my best yet still I’m stressed . Oh no I’m sick of the way it is , and what to do I simply haven’t got two clues . 
OUTSTANDING DAY :) GLEE SOON ! 
49 hours to goo :) ! 
watching back to the future :) 
got speakers for the team rooom :) 
Don't tug on wire :) 
had an outstanding day , Y muy feliz ! 
aleve is my best friend 
anyone from 8th period hnrs english w/ < PROPMALE > ... what are we supposed to underline ?! 
dead beat from this weekend ; homework , then < PROPFIRST > is coming over then bedd :) 
So hold on to the ones who really care . In the end they'll be the only ones there . When you get old and start losing your hair . Can you tell me who will still care ? <3 hanson :) 
< PROPFIRST > nitroy is outstanding :) 
29 hours to go ! 
running is a mental sport ... and we're all insane :) 
neww bookk :) 
love tripping . 
last night was fun . dead tired , watching < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > get married agian , and agian . 
I´m singin´ in the rain . Just singin´ in the rain , what a glorious feeling , and I´m happy again . great weekend :) 
My heart was living down , and I've been pushed over the line . But on your hand , it'd be broken , and I'll be all over this time . 
homecoming game , psats , & scb . my life is outstanding . 
We gain strength , and courage , and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face . we must do that which we think we cannot . 
thinks things happen for a reason , they make you realize those things you took for granted & appreciate those in your life . 
finished the essay in four hours . The Office is my reward :) 
have you walked into any mirrors lately ? 
forget yesterday , live today and approach tomorrow with enthusiasm for each day you live is a gift and not a right . 
< PROPFIRST > Swift's platinum edition is outstanding . 
loves the < PROPMALE > class officers , great day ! 
had a fun time at districts :) 
We should challenge the impossible , explore beyond our comfort zone , refuse to be limited by boundaries & never settle for less than we deserve . 
your mistakes don't define you they don't dictate where your heading , they only remind you of where you have been . 
Success is not the key to happiness . Happiness is the key to success . If you love what you are doing , you will be successful . 
No matter how bad people may seem , they possess at least one virtue . Be like the humming bird and pick out the sweetness of everyone's character . 
i hurt . This isn't outstanding , whatsoever ! 
Cloud bursting , it keeps me sharp . 
Happiness cannot be traveled to , owned , earned , worn or consumed . Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love , grace and gratitude . 
Any xc person who wants to go see New < PROPFEMALE > tonight at 7 , text/call < PROPFEMALE > or me :) ! 
knows that she is stronger because she knows her weaknesses , wiser because she has learnt from her mistakes , and laugh more often because she has known sadness . 
New York City tomorrow :) ! 
hot chocolate , painting faces , snow , the big green , < PROPFEMALE > letter and the crucible . enjoying the small things in life :) 
Sometimes the only things words do is get in the way , and the easiest things are the hardest to say . 
My diabolical plan has been put on hold for Christmas . My heart just melts when I hear the sound of children singing . Ha ! Not really . I'm just tired . Days are short ... I don't know . Maybe I'm depressed . 
Always welcome a new day with a smile on your lips , love in your heart & good thoughts in your mind and you'll always have an outstanding day . 
The love of a family is life's greatest blessing . xmas party (: 
snowball fight tomorrow (: 
Happiness is a quality of mind . It is something we possess within . If we do not have it within , nothing outside can give it to us . 
Be observant . See the moments your in , hear the music of the universe , feel the flow of your soul , taste the passions of your heart , dont miss moments of life . celebrating 2009 with the girlss (: 
Does it hurt ? Yes . Then it's broken . (: 
Just singin´ in the rain . What a glorious feeling , and I´m happy again . TGIF ! 
good luck to everyone & your five < PROPFEMALE > research paper :( 
The biggest mistake you could ever make in life , is fearing that you will make them . 
The greatest accomplishment is not in never falling , but in rishing agian after you fall . - < PROPMALE > lombardi 
All of your dreams , hope they don't leave you too . And when no one else sees , I see only you . How long will it take ? 
going with < PROPFEMALE > to visit < PROPFIRST > all weekend at susquehanna !! 
All my life I wanted to say , We've come a long , long way . 
Mmmm . Wow that is metallicy . That's like drinking a battery . Really gets you in the fillings doesn't it . Wha -- anyway , welcome . 
Baby shark do do do do do do . 
Always look on the bright side of life . 
Makenzie Thiel , you made my whole month OUTSTANDING ! 
Faith makes all things possible . Love makes all things easy . Hope makes all things work . 
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful , concerned people can change world . Indeed it is the only thing that ever has . 
last night was OUTSTANDING :) 
You never know a good thing ' til it's gone . 
Hope is not pretending that troubles do not exist . It is the trust that troubles will not last forever , that hurts will be healed and difficulties overcome . 
work then c's sleeping over :) 
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm ! - < PROPMALE > :) 
Sometimes , something happens in your life that changes everything , raises the standards , makes you laugh , and makes you feel like you . 
I'm a fortune letter ... teller . 
two more days :) 
Why look behind you ? You can not change it . Why fret over the future ? It's not here . Why don't you live for today , and make it so wonderful it's worth remembering . NHS induction then spain :) 
is in madrid , spain ! 
hola hola pepsi cola ! 
To be enthusiastic you must act enthusiastic ! 
I'm gonna soak up the sun Gonna tell everyone To lighten up :) 
misses hoby & spain . what a great combination . :) 
Even the best fall down sometimes Even the wrong words seem to rhyme Out of the doubt that fills my mind I somehow find you and I collide 
Another turning point , a fork stuck in the road Time grabs you by the wrist , directs you where to go So make the best of this test , and don't ask why It's not a question , but a lesson learned in time 
two more days until the < PROPFIRST > witch tour :) 
HOBY ! I'm coming backk !! :) 
hello sunshine , this is rayne-bow . sing along and wave your carrots in the air . 
Your willingness to look at your darkness is what empowers you to change . 
seven more days :) 
Imagine all the people sharing all the world . You may say i'm a dreamer , but i'm not the only one . 
I used to dream about , the life I'm living now (: HOBY ALL WEEKEND ! 
H O B Y HOBY <3 BAD ROMANCE ! 
loved every minute of being on a-team <3 
Come on and open your mind and see like me Open up your plans and damn your free Look into your heart and you'll find that the sky is yours . <3 
skype skype skype skype . freeze freeze new face expression freeze ! < PROPFEMALE > Long 
She said show me the world thats inside your head , \ 
Show me the world that you see yourself , you could use Some help\ 
Cause sometimes it comes with a shove , when you fall in love 
I have flaws . What are they ? Oh I dunno , I sing in the shower . Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering . Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car . offficcee <3 
< PROPFEMALE>'s soooon :) 
Happiness is not having what you want , but wanting what you have . 
had the best time listening to blue grass music with Zach Minster :) 
it feels great to be home . Hanging with the parents today :) 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > , then work :( 
phillies game with family :) 
got to go scavenger hunting with some outstanding people todayy :D 
Wont you shine , shine on . 
It's not my chair . Not my chair , not my problem , that's what I say . No way . Stupid dresses . Stupid flowers . 
i absolutely love rainy days :D 
Wherever you go , no matter what the weather , always bring \ 
your own sunshine . 
work at four , then hanging out with xc team ! 
working on slideshow for senior year tomorrow , then work :D 
So take a < PROPMALE > and don't ever look back . 
beach with the girls until thursday :D 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter\ 
As long as I'm laughing with you 
work , then studying english . i love the last day of summer . 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter . 
guacamole cinnamon twist :( 
weekend , please come faster :( 
DeSales invitational tomorrow :D 
GREAT DAY ! 
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm . :) 
Got to sleep outside :D going to the renewable energy fest with chel and < PROPMALE > !! 
Happy international Day of Peace . Glee tonight :D 
same twins . prom ? i'm so confused . < PROPFEMALE > Long 
Another turning point , a fork stuck in the road\ 
Time grabs you by the wrist , directs you where to go\ 
So make the best of this test , and don't ask why\ 
It's not a question , but a lesson learned in time 
Something's in the air tonight\ 
The sky's alive with a burning light\ 
You can < PROPFIRST > my words something's about to break 
FOREVER WE'LL BE BOYERTOWN XC <3 
If you look at what you have in life , You'll always have more . If you look at what you don't have in life , You'll never have enough . :D 
PAC 10s tomorrow :D 
what an outstanding day ! pac 10 champsss ! 
when life gives you lemons make lemonade :D 
Hope is not pretending that troubles do not exist . It is the trust that troubles will not last forever , that hurts will be healed and difficulties overcome 
last xc meet I'll get manage :( GOOD LUCK EVERYONE ! 
such a great day ! Got to miss school , and < PROPFEMALE > out with some outstanding people <3 
it's a don't tug on the wire type of day . 
All my life I’ve tried to make everybody happy\ 
While I just hurt and hide\ 
Waiting for someone to tell me it’s my turn to decide :D 
loved mansfieldddddd ! 
Not until we are lost , do we find ourselves . 
I love people who make me laugh . I honestly think it's the thing I like most , to laugh . It cures a multitude of ills . It's probably the most important thing in a person . - < PROPFEMALE > HEPBURN 
got accepted into mansfield ! :D 
good old war and dashboard confessional tonightt :D 
People with a positive outlook on life take responsibility for their own circumstances , choices and feelings . They act , not react . 
So close to the stage :) i love good old war ! 
We don't see things as they are , we see them as we are . 
I struggle to find any truth in your lies\ 
And now my heart stumbles on things I don't know\ 
This weakness I feel I must finally show 
i have the most wonderful family . <3 
i miss you , nanny . rest in peace . 
Whatever you have learned or received or heard from me , or seen in me—put it into practice . And the God of peace will be with you . ? nanny , you will be missed ! love youuu :) 
another day of sledding :) 
HOBY - < PROPMALE > O'Brian Youth Leadership changed my life . I've learned to love the life i have been given , that its okay to be different , & always take risks . Thank you for saving my life <3 ONLY 101 MORE DAYS ! HOBY Social Media Splash Days 
cradles to crayons tomorrow with some lovely girls ! 
nothings better then pumpkin pie & spending time with family <3 
what an outstanding week :) reading some pretty little liars <3 
A cheerful heart is good medicine , but a broken spirit saps a person's strength . 
research paper ? -_- 
delaware tomorrow with mommmy :) 
looking up family history ! sooo cool ! 
< PROPFIRST > poppins ! 
And there was never any place\ 
For someone like me to be totally happy\ 
I'm runnin ' out of clock and that ain't a shock 
graduation needs to come sooner . 
