is very happy to be machine gun guy . it reminds her of < PROPFIRST > Ventura in ' Predator . ' man ... those trees were TOAST ! 

is surviving without water in her house . 
okay everybody : it's cool , there is water in Castle Radula once again , and none of it coming from the ceiling . thanks for the great show of support over my 12 hour dry period , and your concern about the hygiene of count and bullitt . 
too caught ... in facebook web ... need ... break free ...! 
NAP ! 
loves colony , but also wishes she could be at comic-con ... 
so tired ... river float burn skin ... so tired . 
who's the black private < PROPMALE > acts like a sex machine to all the chicks ? SHAFT ! right on . who's the man that won't cop out , when there's danger all about ? SHAFT ! can you dig him ? they say that cat Shaft is a baad mother- SHUT YO ' MOUTH ! but i'm talkin ' bou 
just took the best facebook quiz ever . 
aahhahahaaa !!!! playwriting . 
will not be playing kickball tonight ( sorry fellow Zombies . ) the Colony just tired her out and made life too surreal to play sports the next day . instead , she'll be inside quiet kaet-land and figuring out where to have dinner . hope you understand , Jonesy 
enough of internet quizzes ! 
\no\ " to work tomorrow . frown face . " 
porcupine racetrack : still f-ing hilarious . 
admits that she actually likes the smiths . 
shiny happy monsters feeling glad . THIS one is not seeing g.i. < PROPFIRST > ... 
the problem with admitting you like the smiths is that someone inevitably thinks that you love the depressing and repetitive morrissey lyrics . the ratio here is about 70/30 in morrissey's favor , however . if i do get hit by a doubledecker bus , i'd hope it 
trip !! 
it's too hot to do anything but watch hulu , read comics and eat ice cream . 
fantastic rock show last night ! black hollies+howlies = fun rock and rolling times . 
wonders why she didn't clean her house before her trip ? 
realizes her last post should have been a statement , not a question . 
doesn't really want to go for a run ... but she must ! 
chocolate milk ! 
didn't go running . ( frown face ) but ! will go on wednesday ... promise ... really . 
is in LOVE with Reigning Sound all over again ! Tears of happiness and longing are saturating her afternoon . HOLY SHIT ! HOW can < PROPMALE > Cartwright be such a genius !??! it's astounding . 
has the mommas and the papas stuck in her head . 
is filling out grad school applications . ugh . 
spur of the moment decision : UT is OUT ! No time for Texas , at least not until next year ... this leaves five schools , and three months . 
is having issues with this 9/12 Tea Party situation and the whole idea that < PROPFIRST > O'Keefe may/maynot be the slimiest , most underhanded operative of Fox Nation ever . What is wrong with the people in this country !? 
kickball ! its time for some tall socks and dust-kickin'! 
revistiting ' Menage a Terror ' while ' Effemoir ' goes into Sleeping Beauty mode ... let the roses grow and grow ! 
comic books are totally fucking sweet . that's it . 
thinks south american pinot noir is a bit too spicy . oh and can someone take a shower for her ? maybe also go to work tomorrow ? 
just found out her monthy student < PROPFEMALE > payment is going from $112.65 to $38.07 , beause the federal government just realized how f-ing poor she is . Apparently , they think everyone in the country makes the same amount of money out of college until the IRS tells them differently . 
is drinking wine and dying fabric late at night 
has ' the final countdown ' stuck in her head .... bad news . 
just remembered how cute lambs are ... 
wants more hours in her day . and civil rights for homosexuals . lets make it happen ! 
was typing on the computer when the BIGGEST HOBO SPIDER she has ever seen crawled onto her floor . It didn't crawl for long . In fact , it is now a grease stain on her carpet approx 1.5 inches in diameter . One more point for < PROPMALE > . 
is a tired tiger . 
swords and dragons and magic and nerdy stuff . 
has swine flu . for realsies . 
still has the fucking swine flu ? after seven days ? I MEAN , COME ON ! 
no longer has the swine flu ! The truth reveals itself on day 8 as pre-pneumonia ! Am i the luckiest girl alive , or is this a 10 day period where my body UTTERLY FAILS ME ?! AWESOME ! 
doesn't know about you , but plans on listening to a lot of Misfits over the next two days ... and sadly , not much else . Rocktober going out in a pneumonic blaze of non-alchoholic < PROPFEMALE > ! But the Danzig will help . 
is slowly transforming into < PROPFEMALE > Lebowski ... 
didn't drink on Halloween for the first time in several years ... still had fun . 
is figuring out which records to listen to today as she tidies her house and prepares to go back to work ... 
\ ... an errant dog who ocassionally needs a shorter leash ... \"" 
NaNoWriMo ... here we go . 
just put ' Interstella 5555 ' in her netflix queue ! f'n sweet ... 
THAT'S RIGHT , PHILLY ! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is totally my new not-so-secret-super-crush . Two words : Dream Boat . 
walked home from work and fell off a crack in the sidewalk . Now she's drifting in a between space that meets real-time at a 36 degree < PROPFEMALE > , but only once out of every nine rotations . There is nothing to do in the half gravity of this state but kick leaves and pixellate the stoplights . 
shouts out : Hey , who wants to be the lucky som ' bitch to do some First Friday < PROPMALE > Walkin ' with me ?? There may be some fantastic random Theatre afterwards . 
just saw the Reigning Sound tour dates ... ( a very heavy sigh . ) 
just called her congressman . He did not answer his phone . This is no surprise . 
time to write a scene , aka : pull it like taffy from my lockjawed mind ... 
: Scene finished ! I have butterflies in my stomach . Its been a while since THAT happened . I must love writing , or something . Gee ... 
needs a new desk/writing chair ! Anyone have a smallish , over-stuffed armchair they want to get rid of ? I don't want swivels , or wheels , or any of that shit . Just a comfy fuckin ' chair . 
doesn't care if it rains today ! She's got an umbrella . She can still see < PROPMALE > and drink wine . It's Friday night , damnit . 
is drawing cartoon T-Rexes . 
gets totally blown away by the brilliance of < PROPMALE > Drake . 
: Saturday baking ? Why yes , I think I will ! 
maybe will write more play tonight ? 
hates Alltell . And blackberry phones . And technology in general . NOTICE : I NO LONGER HAVE ANYONE'S PHONE NUMBER ! NOT ANYMORE , AND FROM NOW ON ! IF YOU WANT ME TO EVER CALL YOU EVER , you have to send me your digits , with first and last name attached . ( FIY- this is for people who know that i may actually want to call them , and THEY know who they are . ) all the rest of you : buh bye , suckas ! 
hates holiday shopping season too ! 
just read an entire novel in one sitting . that hasn't happened in a very long time . 
Full ! 
still don't have anyone's phone < PROPFIRST > . send me a text message , tell me who the hell you are . 
is putting it out there : huge feast for Thanksgiving . If you need some food lovin ' , give a call . May involve crazy parents . 
is stuck with a sore throat . Also not happy about cleaning up her house . 
anger ! stuffy itchy nose ! anger ! alltel ! anger !! ... tired ... frown . 
loves LOST . still awesome the second time around . 
had a fantastic time at Fantastic Mr. Fox . Another gold < PROPFEMALE > for < PROPMALE > ! 
good times tonight : killer deal on ski gear , fun book club discussion , and a karaoke going away party ! no wonder i am sleepy pants . 
had cake and wine for dinner . WITH NO GUILT . 
will NOT be friends with Brody Effing Jenner , even when facebook suggests it every single effing time i log on . 
NAP 
woo hoo for an awesome day of skiing !! who's gonna be too sore to climb stairs tomorrow ? THIS GIRL . 
doesn't want to leave her house tomorrow ... too cold ! 
its so COLD ! 
: \they'll never give you Walt . \"" 
has \In the Hall of the Mountain King\ " stuck in her head ... why ? " 
T- < PROPMALE > , or T . < PROPMALE > ? Life's decisions are so difficult ! 
currently can't write to save a bug . and what is the point ? my theatre is cheap !!! its all so cheap and meaningless , and in general ? the truth , is that we have killed < PROPMALE > . all the beautiful things that you all believe in are better represented in a photograph or a song than on stage . 
it's official : < PROPMALE > Alpert and the < PROPFEMALE > Brass just saved Christmas , and my attitude . 
HUNGover . Jolly jolly Jolly . lots of stuff to do today . gotta get off facebook . 
wrapping christmas presents . 
< PROPMALE > BACHARACH ! 
2010 : older , wiser and more reckless ? check . 2011 ? Kinder , Freer , more Spontaneous ! 
has just had her mind totally blown by < PROPMALE > Young's ' Trans . ' It's seriously the coolest thing she's discovered in the last two weeks . 
SO MANY AWESOME THINGS : 1 ) < PROPMALE > Dickins is my friend , and doing really well for himself . 2 ) < PROPMALE > Young is totally badass . 3 ) The Oatmeal's grammar-awesome < PROPFEMALE > on Facebook has a T < PROPMALE > on it . 
has got her facts learned real good right now . 
GROCERY SHOPPING ! 
time to brave the ice and traffic in order to supply basic needs . ever wonder what it would be like to be a three-toed sloth ? meee toooo . 
misses < PROPMALE > . 
is fried ... and drinking hot cocoa . 
for Cathy : \I kicked your Mom in a hole because I'm sexy and I do what I want . \"" 
is counting how many times < PROPFIRST > Miller uses the word ' ennui ' in Tropic of Cancer . 
just signed up to volunteer at the BSDFF ! Yay for documentaries ! 
Would like to thank eveyone for the wonderful birthday wishes ! They were very sweet . 
is going to graceland . 
has got diamonds on the soles of her shoes . on her way to graceland . 
Venn Diagrams : Act 1 finished at 40 pages . Anyone interested in reading it while I write Act 2 ? 
needs to see ' Black Dynamite ' as soon as possible , please . 
has got double vision . 
three days until LOST !!!!! 
Is waiting . 
is ready to be done with virus city . it's time to adopt some stringent preventative measures . There will be medicinal teas and tinctures , there will be sanitizers , there will be more sleep . There will not be blood , ' cause that is like , so two years ago ... 
not okay with yet another facebook change . If you can't navigate properly through your muscle memory , then change is faulty . Faulty Change ! 
just Urbaned herself : < PROPFEMALE > : A girl's name for the coolest person you will ever meet . 1 . I wish i was < PROPFEMALE > . 2 . < PROPFEMALE > is great . 2 . < PROPFEMALE > Purely perfect -Gorgeous . -Hot . -Lovely . -Just generally amazing really . Hmm ... this is all right with me ; there must be some pretty awesome < PROPFEMALE > s out there . But for you traditionalists : Kaet : Kaet isn't defined yet . 
' what's on my mind , ' Facebook ? What's NOT on my mind ! I mean , really ... 
the mighty boosh . 
is kind of ( actually , more like very ) in love with the album Arm's Way . Don't really get how it was so critically misunderstood . It has everything ! Even The Who ! 
is calling it : lone wolf . and it's okay . 
new saturday morning cartoon lifestyle : replace cartoons with cooking and home improvement shows in one's late 20s . Turns out , contemporary children's programming is pretty shitty ; I feel much better about learning to make a killer bunt cake and lay sod . 
fell in love with a dead man today . Happy 200th birthday , < PROPMALE > Chopin ! You still rock my world , two centuries later . 
writing . 
something sparkly and awesome came in the mail , finally ! Totally geeked for August 30th . 
< PROPFEMALE > food . < PROPFEMALE > beer . a play about Montana . sore legs . 
Boy , you're gonna < PROPFEMALE > that weight , < PROPFEMALE > that weight a long time .... [ cue trumpet ] 
up too late for a sunday night ! time for bed . 
Okay Friends : WANTED- Three ( 3 ) actor-types to do a ten minute play about tough love in the zombie apocalypse . Rehearsal : easy , at my house , during the evenings/night on weekdays ( maybe some weekends ) I'm way flexible . 2 men , 1 woman . Gimme a shout if you are interested . We'll maybe need seven nights : five to rehearse , two to show . Show in late April . hells yes ! 
just cast a play from the M ... only in Missoula , baby . 
OK ! so apparently my play is not cast yet . I still need a good man to step forward , who actually has the month of april fairly open for an hour here and ther in the evenings , and a ten minute peice of time april 28 and 29 . Also , good woman ....? 
needs one actor-man with a little extra time to be neurotically hilarious in my play ... show not until late april ! c'mon , it's only ten pages ! 
a lazy Saturday , filled with season 1 of The West Wing , and perhaps a long bicycle ride . ROCK SHOW later ! it's going to be totally tits . 
ooohhhh .... electric six . why are you so amazing ?? i ache for the rock today . 
- eyes burn = time for bed . was going to treat myself to a thrilling night of < PROPFEMALE>'s Baby , but making pizzas with my friends got in the way . oh well ... another lovely Monday awaits ! 
all in all a good evening : hour @ the gym , delicious home-made fried rice , and clean dishes . now : a cup of tea and < PROPFEMALE>'s Baby ! 
fuck you , American Idol . How dare you and your overblown self-importance take over Lost's timeslot ? I had to watch a heartbreaking documentary about whale hunting instead . thank god for public televison . 
loves stretching . 
wants to go look at < PROPMALE > this Friday . who wants to join her ? 
tweed . 
yay for craft day ! one jacket and two earrings : done . 
cold .... as ..... iiice ! you know you are ! 
booze and information . 
did not buy a new car battery today . Instead , she went to the record store and spent the same amount of money on : Purple Rain , Graceland , < PROPFIRST > Holliday , the Ventures , The Pretenders ( Singles ) , HELP , and A Hard Day's Night . She is not guilty at all . 
just saw < PROPMALE > watts bring an awesome opening show to conan in spokane . team coco is on fire tonight ! more to come . 
just realized she never needs to hear ' sweet home Alabama ' again as long as she lives . 
... my money . i'm smokin ' endo and sippin ' on gin and juice , whilst rollin down the street , in case you wanted to know , facebook . also , i'm pretty laid back . 
wishes everyone a HAPPY FREE COMIC BOOK DAY ! 
back to work ! Four more hours till nap time ! 
Sharia don't like it . 
didn't get to run in the rain tonight . she's kinda disappointed . her legs are ecstatic , though ... 
shakespeare , film noir , rock and roll , politics , napping and the shit-show still going on in the gulf of mexico . 
is sad that her friends can no longer be in a fantastic band together . Where else will she get to hear songs about vampires , zombies and Big Trouble in Little < PROPFEMALE > ? Good Luck with Black Rooster , Count . Whomever they may be . 
: Well , whiskey ... you won last night . You totally won . 
No hangover today means the summer of gin is off to a fantastic start ! time to run a mile and go to yet another birthday party . 
a good sunday ... relaxing , mildly concerning , generally enjoyable . 
is writing a play ... 
mmm ... scones . 
realizes it was just her imagination ... running away with her . 
currently having a lovely morning at mid-day : featuring the musical stylings of the Pretenders , french press coffee , eggs and some ' internetworking . ' if only she got paid for this . 
wonders how she can be bored on a Sunday night ... there must be something she isn't thinking of . 
looks forward to another week full of adventure ! 
has the theme from ' Brazil ' stuck in her head , and it's driving her totally insane . 
would love three totally awesome actors to contact her about a new piece of 10-minute madness she is bringing to No Shame Theatre this Friday night . She needs one brave man and two sexy ladies . Also , fellow artists to show up and give feedback ! 
is having a reading of her latest 10 minute play tonight . fans of whiskey and heartache , this one's for you . 10:00 pm , < PROPFEMALE > theatre . free ! please come ! 
didnt get up until 1:00 pm today , when she got a surprise visit from her mother ! Good for Moms to know how much she still lives like a bachelor . Now that it's 4 , the action is really going to take off , though : a run , cat-sitting , and perhaps her very own copy of ' crooked rain crooked rain ' on vinyl ! 
just scored her favorite Pavement album and Dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > for an awesome price . today's been a great day for records . 
is sleepy ... ready to have some tea and go to bed ... 
eureka ! breakthrough : achieved ! 
' s new house guest does not understand that the desk is for writing plays , not sleeping on . And now he's drinking out of her water glass !! 
is expanding her farsi vocabulary ... 
is in sweet potato heaven right now . 
ATTENTION- those of you who were at my reading last Friday : I'm keeping the original title . If you object to this , comment now or forever hold your peace . 
needs a friend with a printer to help her out tonight 
has so much to do ! 
needs to lay down in a cool dark place . 
thinks thursday was not enough ; someone definitely short changed her on her thursday . EXCEPT having dinner with < PROPFEMALE > . that was worth two thursdays . 
says : \bring on the heartbreak . \ " She just found a killer < PROPMALE > Young compilation LP and can totally take it . " 
absolutely LOVES running in the rain . 
is running up that hill . 
important : If ANYONE has any new news on the story about the missing plane from Kalispell ( other than the news story itself ) carrying two missoula men and two reporters for the Daily Interlake , they NEED to contact me IMMEDIATELY . thanks . 
is frustrated . those of you who pray , pray for < PROPMALE > and the passengers of the plane still lost . thank you . 
is sad . didn't quite know what grief was until today . 
would like to sincerely thank everyone who's been supportive this last week . It is now time to move Forward ! There is positive change to facilitate , reactions to catalize , bicycles to ride , cars to drive , roses to smell , and ... life . That is what there is right now , and right now is all there ever truly is . 
fixed her car yesterday , re-registered it and bought insurance . It is now again ready to make the Kestle Run in less than twelve parsecs . Unless she runs into Imperial entanglements first . 
would like to sleep more than 3 hours a night ... how can we make that happen ? God/Brahman/Universe , I'm counting on you . And then I'm counting f*ing sheep . 
likes hammering nails and spackling walls . Especially while listening to the Kinks . 
is definitely a sorceress , thank you . no < PROPFEMALE > attributes here . 
jazz and heat . and doing my dishes . 
is going to the 72nd National Folk Festival tomorrow in Butte MT . It's the day of awesome international folk traditions and it's going to be a great adventure ! 
is listening to T-Rex after a lovely day . 
control ! must excercise control ... focus , meditate , ah . yes , there it is : impermanence . 
hydration ... and a bit of duress . 
should be sleepin ' . ok ... get off the face suck ... before it impregnates me with an Alien ... ok ... 
has the hesitation blues ... 
wins . totally wins ! and it's awesome . 
still doesn't get Rush ... Sorry , Count . 
is in the act of some rest , research , recovery and reflection . It's sure been an amazing two weeks ... 
is in the midst of a miraculous experience ... 
went to do laundry this afternoon and was Denied by the super perky green hanger chick . Apparently , only the early birds get to exchange debit for cash to put on their green hangar cards . Speaking of birds , Kaet almost flipped one to the laundrogirl . Instead , she went and had ice cream . Life became better shortly after this , and then Kaet did some real work ... right after venting on facebook . the end . 
Is so ready for the week to be over . but first ! some awkward conversations to be had . Next : rewarded with cherries and a handsome man ... 
is waist deep in noir dialogue . next up : calling everyone ' < PROPMALE >.' 
just got a surprise dinner-time visit ! and it totally rocked . 
is discovering writing under a deadline with a head cold is not fun ... is it nap time yet ? 
Vacation has never been so palpable ... and so necessary . 
New Draft of \The Doppelganger\ " : finished . More script analysis today . And a letter to write ... Two letters ... " 
chores . 
morning with < PROPMALE > drake and coffee . there are dishes and laundry to wash , but from behind my coffee mug they look like strange wildlife which i am content to look at , but not touch . 
okay everyone ... I got a completely new phone , and now have a new phone number . it's in my info space , if you care to see it . but at least i've let everyone know ... 
: yay for reading ! 
is being a super nerd . learning different approaches to making theatre = way fun . next up : formulating her own theories on recognized technique and readying those for some delicious practical application ! 
wonders when she gets to be a writer again ... 
is taking it to the LIMIT ! 
Weltschmerz . \ 
( thanks < PROPFEMALE > . I've been wondering what it was hanging on my soul all these years .... ) 
the madness of theatre 
doesn't get out of her bathrobe on Sunday until 2:00 pm if she can help it . today's plan : listening to all of her Pixies LPs and new X collection while doing Directing prep . 
loves the internet . 
REHEARSALS START TONIGHT . let the magic begin . 
made a mistake by staying too long at karaoke , and now is having trouble getting to sleep without her favorite sleeping < PROPMALE > ... 
is exhausted , but still running . ' Keepers ' opens November 4th , folks : blood , sweat , tears , and human trafficking . 
has news : Doppelganger cancelled tonight . instead , she now gets to ruminate about her career in theatre and what the hell she thinks she's doing . 
productivity v . free time 
Still looking for her bicycle . sorry , no pictures , but it is a dark green women's 1973 suburban , in original ( slightly chipped ) powdercoat and decals , with two silver fold-up panniers on the sides , two thick bike locks that probably can't come off , and an original seat that has a yellow sticker on it , but probably the yellow sticker has been removed . 
official starting time for fun autumn celebrating and pumpkin carving werewolf-y bar mitzvahingness : 8:00 pm . call 552-2230 for details . 
is limbering up for the big race ! 
To the asshole who stole my bike last week : thanks for bringing it back . I'm glad you noticed it's pretty useless to try and take those massive locks off , though i see from the saw marks that you tried pretty hard to get away with it . But the breaks ... cutting my front break line was just a shitty thing to do . You asshole . You're gonna get it some day . 
KEEPERS IS NOW OPEN FOR PUBLIC CONSUMPTION ! COME SEE IT TONIGHT , AND TUES NOV . 9 THROUGH SATURDAY NOV 13TH ! 
Is holding Auditions for Larke Schuldberg's Sound of Planes December 6th . it's a beautiful show , and would like you all to attend . all of you . 
is still exhausted ... 
Needs a stage manager for Sound of Planes ... who wants some awesome theatre experience ? 
Sound of Planes auditions are December 5th ! < PROPFEMALE > theatre . 1 minute contemporary serious monologue . visit MAt site or call me for details . 
has safely returned from two days of camping in the wilderness ! Awesome fun times were had , and now she will be available to answer any emails and phone calls . 
is putting it up to a Facebook survey : \Where should I go skiing Saturday ? Lost Trail or Lookout Pass ? \"" 
Auditions for \Sound of Planes\ " are today from 5:00 - 9:00 pm at the < PROPFEMALE > Theatre ! Don't forget ! " 
is on her thinking couch . 
is so close to finding her cast ... not so close to getting her house clean , though . c'est la vie . 
Has a great cast for Sound of Planes ! Starts rehearsals tomorrow , and is so excited . Thanks to everyone who auditioned , there were some tough choices to be made . 
is back from the gated communities of Southern Arizona . 
is excited for rehearsal tonight ! 
now knows it's possible to get a Christmas present that both makes you smile and then cry really hard ... life is , at times , so beautiful it hurts you . 
gunna go to rehearsal ! gunna sing a song about it ! ( and also drink coffee ... ) doot < PROPFIRST > doot dooo . 
hmmm ... to go or not to go to my 10 year high school reunion ? thank god i have about 3 months to decide ... 
THE JIG IS UP ! THE NEWS IS OUT ! THEY FINALLY FAAOOOUND ME , THE RENEGADE/WHO HAD IT MADE/ BETRAYED FOR A BAAOOUUNTY . NEVER MORE TO GO ASTRAY , IT'LL BE THE END TODAY OF THE WAAANTED MAAAAN ! yeah . take that , guys . 
Let the healing begin . It's a big wish , but i gotta put all the positive and hopeful vibes out that i can ... 
so much love on my birthday ! thanks !! 
The best part of my birthday : how many different people chose to take the time to post birthday wishes on my wall . they are so great , guys , thanks !! The second best part of my birthday : having an easy cue-to-cue . 3 hours , 44 light cues , no wax on the birthday cake . i am satisfied . 
SOUND OF PLANES . Come and see it . This week and next : Wednesday through Saturday . 
HOT CHILD IN THE CITY ! 
is pretty bummed she can't see Yo La Tengo tonight . but commitments are commitments . 
Loves NPR . And wants everyone to speak to their representatives about supporting workers ' rights to unionize . 
So , the only thing to cheer me up is a solid dose of Community . I'd totally sleep with < PROPMALE > , but I think I'd actually date Abed . 
what the f@ #k , Red Wisconsin Senators ? There was a clear line , and you just crossed it by trampling over the will of your constituents . \Foul ! \"" 
dried cranberries and raisins : nature's fruit snacks . delicious ! 
Live \Arsenic and Old Lace\ " Update : show has been running for 2 minutes on a Sunday afternoon . \ 
Has a night off ! Wooo Hooo ! Time to write ! 
A&OL live update : what do young crotchety men and old crotchety men have in common ? Zach Smith in \Arsenic and Old Lace\ " this week March 31 though April 3 . " 
Another hilarious performance by the cast of Arsenic tonight . Sold out show and another standing ovation . There is a reason this play still gets done . 
A&O L Live Update : What do beef broth , hot-cops and the song \Funky Town\ " have in common ? Come see ' Arsenic and Old Lace ' Saturday night and Sunday afternoon to find out ! " 
doesn't even know what it is she's waiting for , and has no idea why she's waiting any more . 
needs to drink tonight when the show is over . who would like to join her ? 
packing shit ... moving stuff . putting on a movie while i do it . WHICH MOVIE DO I PICK ?? 
the Morris-Steelman household is now fully operational ! ( it does still look like the new Death < PROPFEMALE > in ' Jedi , ' however . ) 
REALLY wanted to write on her play tonight . alas ... it was not in the cards . 
doesn't know what happens next . 
is hacking and slashing the < PROPFEMALE > play . hack ! slash !! 
hooray masochism ! 
wants it to get better . 
Doesn't care about Bin Laden . 
Bowie Therapy . It exists : I'm using it . right now . 
Just got her first credit card ever . and buzzards have already started circling ... 
\Rough winds do shake the darling buds of may \"" 
is amazed at what is left after one self-induces a personal earthquake . 
has had an amazing adventure . now it's time to make her life more like it . 
attention world : two beautiful people , now married . I'm still thinking about their brilliant definition of love . 
wake up , eat , go to work . come home , play with cat , write . make yourself sleep . wake up , eat , go to work , come home , play with cat , write . make yourself sleep . wake up , eat , go to work , come home , play with cat , write . make yourself shower . make yourself sleep . 
silly internet browser 
a first draft of a new full-length play is one week from completion . 
Needs a ride to the Airport at 10:00 am on Saturday 7/2 . Which one of my friends would like to help a girl out ? 
has found a ride to the air port . BUT mor importantly : life is really good right now . I wanna spread it around ! 
I'M SOOO HAAPPPYYY . I'M GONNA GO TO PORTLAND TOMORROOWW AND SEE THE LOVE OF MY LIIIFE !! ( this message has been typed whilst singing and dancing . if you don't like it , you can collectively go to hell . happy butterfly smile . ) LALALALALLALLLAAALLALALAAA . 
back to the grind . 
has her ticket to the Rite . 
love and burning men , and concentric circles that overlap , and bees , and so many hours of typing still to go ... 
short story about the death of a woody-allen robot : accomplished . next up : quantum physics research and many revisions to Venn Diagrams before draft 2 goes into circulation . giddy-up . 
thinking about ice cream , but the line is oh so long ... 
QUANTUM PHYSICS VS HUMAN NATURE . On your < PROPFIRST > , get set ... Parabolize ! 
Who has a car ( automatic ) in decent shape that would let me pay them $200.00 to drive it to < PROPFEMALE > over Labor Day weekend ? I'm serious , people . I have insurance and a good driving record . Any takers ? 
Band I was Given : DEVO\ 
song I love : Girl U Want\ 
song I like : Gut Feeling/Slap your Mammy\ 
song I hate : Workin ' in a Coal Mine\ 
\ 
like this post and i'll give you a band . 
just danced on a bus for three hours , after having a fantastic evening of < PROPMALE > and interesting new people . I have the best life . Thank you to all who are in it . 
I'm Going to Burning Man . 
just found out she knows how to watusi . 
Have Finished Draft 2 of Venn Diagrams . Wheew ! 2 days off , then on to Draft 3 ... 
Go to your profile . Look to your left . First five friends are your zombie apocalypse team . \ 
Sidekick : Nate Biehl\ 
Heavy Weapons : < PROPMALE > Reimers\ 
The idiotic one that survives : < PROPFIRST > Rose-Rice\ 
The Brains : < PROPFEMALE > Yazzolino\ 
The first to die : < PROPFEMALE > Hart\ 
Note : i have a pretty awesome team ! @ < PROPFIRST > : I don't believe it . @ < PROPFEMALE > : how do you want it ? slow and painful last-minute-must-kill , or \put me out of my misery 
oh my god ... burning man . i have 14 days . 
is still looking for a couple of burning man tickets , for all who may not be making it this year ... Shout me out ! 
is LUCKY . Yes , that's right . she is surrounded by wonderfulness . let's all celebrate ! 
is on an 80's music kick ... make that an 80's music high-kick in legwarmers and pumps . 
hurt . 
oh , the re-writing . Also : anyone who'd like to give me dinner Monday and Tuesday would get my undying gratitude , my fantastic company and a haiku . I need all my grocery money for Burning Man . 
My awesome friend < PROPFIRST > McAfee just got a ticket to Burning man ! Hooray ! now he can be my copilot , bring awesome-sweet tunes and my mom won't worry about me . AT THE BURN IN 3 DAYS . 
tonight's laundry and quantum electro-dynamics playlist : the Ventures , The Go Go's , Devo , Cheap Trick to start it off ... 
ah , nothing like a little Firefly and tutu-sewing to end the evening . 
hi faceland . i have a note about my vacation on my < PROPFEMALE > , since my real update was too large . 
How is it that i keep falling in love with my play again and again ? But it is love : i know it from the heart palpitations and the < PROPFEMALE > smile i find myself wearing when i clean up a moment , or messy-up an emotional response . the process is ... delicious . yeah , it's totally love , guys . Magic . 
uh oh ... reality is flexing its existential muscles again . must remember to breathe , and sleep . i can do this . 
FIRST REHEARSAL TODAY ! I HAVE SUCH AWESOME PEOPLE WORKING ON MY PLAY . I am the luckiest woman . 
All situations in life can be best explained through Top Gun metaphors . 
has a wicked cold . stupid fall season viruses ! ( kicks the carpet in her slippers for emphasis ) 
should quit while she's ahead . right ? am i right ? 
WARNING : If you see a link that offers you free tracks from Nickleback's new album DO NOT CLICK ON IT . It goes to a link with free tracks from Nickleback's new album . ** PLEASE REPOST ** 
I am SO LUCKY ! 
Just had a great weekend . 
Hot off the life-fashion press : Emotional Masochism is out . Selective Optimism ? SO in . 
shit ! spoke too soon . Emotional Masochism is still way in . Like skinny jeans , we can only ride this out ... 
Is over it . 
just scored Loaded , Surfer < PROPFEMALE > , and Sandinista for 30 buckaroos . Today is a good day . 
Started the Juilliard app today . whew ... 
Recovery prescription #2 : sushi , followed by a bourbon and gingerale on the porch with the pipe . While listening to Beirut . 
will sleep on Sunday . it is decided . 
I am blessed with amazing people in my life : they help me create < PROPMALE > , celebrate my successes , and keep me thinking and discovering humanity . To the many outstanding folk I've spoken with and seen this week : Thank You , from the bottom of my he < PROPMALE > . 
Dear Monday Night : thank you for being completely fantastic . Tuesday morning is now magical because of you . 
Hi there ! Would anyone who owns a video camera be interested in filming my play Friday or Saturday night ? You can see it for free and I would be really greatful !! 
couldn't properly identify an elm leaf just now . I'm slipping ... time to go on a field trip , kids ! 
... is such a fool ! 
Still revelling in the joyful satisfaction of cooking a meal for friends . Thank you , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for totally making my Sunday night ! I could probably do it more than once a week . 
Guess what , Nature ? I got a big fucking mirror . And i'm comin ' at you , HOT . 
Is spending the evening baking and thinking about how many of her role models , friends , colleagues and loves-of-her-life are also brave men and women who are Out in the world . And what is the best thing about baking/coming Out ? Being Piping Hot and Delicious . 
