Way to lie to my face ... How could you ? I hope your happy ... 

I moving on no time to waste ! 
Correction : Im moving on , no time for liers 
Buckeyes won the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Finally New shoes ! I hate wearing a size 17 haha 
i hate being sick 
doubting this whole thing 
why does kendle become a fan of every freaking random group on this stupid facebook thing ? 
Just got a puppy ! 
Kinda want to get back to school =] 
Some shocking news today but hopefully ill end up on top ! =] 
Want to know already so I can stop suffering 
\Dont stick your D**k in a toaster\ " - < PROPMALE > White Now if thats not philosophical i dont know what is . " 
Just want to enlist already and get my life over with sooner 
Other than posibly breaking my finger today was great ! tonight was even better ! 
< PROPMALE > of the valley woooo ! haha I got 2nd in < PROPMALE > of the valley tournement ! 
WOOOOOO ! Im weird !!! 
Fuck my mom ! She doesn't have a son anymore ! 
my shoulder hurts 
Bitches aint nothing but tricks and hoes 
ugh have to start taking 50,000 units of vitamin D !!! 
just watched sherlock holmes lol 
Woooooooooooooooo ! Awesome Night ! 
Pray to whatever god you claim , He wont answer you 
Pray to whatever god you claim , He wont answer you ... 
I need to get the F out of here for a little bit i need a break from the drama ! 
Haha I love how like every one in this damn town is so two faced ! 
Really don't care about anything , anymore . 
Lifes a bitch ... and then you die . 
actually had a decent day today 
Woo finally back in eastern washington 
Lol this place blows compared to anywere else , this weekend was awsome ! 
This town is < PROPFEMALE > fucking boring ! 
Lifes a bitch ... and then you die 
Hah what a little bitch hes lucky i dont put him in the hospital 
Wooo dont have to go to that god forsaken thing called a school tomorrow ! 
There are some seriously fucked up people in this school 
I like how were ever I go and whatever I do , everyone still hates me . This proves there is no god 
Finally someone who actually knows how to have legitimate conversation ! 
Just when i thought there was actually decent people in this town , I was proved wrong . 
Just watched the collector ! Its one messed up movie ! 
Fuck ! Girls are so god damn confusing ! 
Just figured out being a < PROPMALE > gets you a lot further in life then anything else . Time to be an asshole . 
Life it seems will fade away , Drifting further every day , Getting lost within myself , Nothing matters , no one else ...... Emptiness is filling me , To the point of agony , Growing darkness taking < PROPFEMALE > , I was me but now he's gone 
Why the hell do I always find the girls that are completley fucked up in one way or another ? 
Wresling banquet Wooo haha Im ready to eat a lot of food ! P.S. Fuck Bitches . 
Hahaha that little skinny bitch thinks he can beat me up ? Ill knock that pussy out in one hit ! 
Fuck ! I can never do anything fun ... 
Woo 9 more days till i can enlist ! 
THE REFINERY JUST EXPLODED ! 
7 more days 
Saw my dad today that was a shock ! This has been one weird birthday . 
Wow a lot of whores go to this school haha 
Just cut open another finger ... great ! lol 
MMA fights tonight at the Toyota center ! Fuckin Sweeeeet ! 
Fights were sickkkk ! 
God hates me ... 
New phone finally no < PROPFIRST > tho hah 
Ufc Undisputed 2010 = worst game ever made ! 
Im ready for some FOOTBALLL !!!!! 
New phone no < PROPFIRST > hit me up 360 840 3213 
women confuse me 
lakers blow hardcore 
Just shaved my head for football ! 
On the way to football camp FSU ! 
First day of football camp = Horrible 
Football camp was sweet ! 
Fuck yeah < PROPMALE > lesnar !!!!! tapped that bitch out ! 
In the same exact dorm as football camp what are the odds ? 
Well im done for the rest of wresling camp this sucks 
Today is definitely the worst day ive had in a long time 
Well my phone decided to have a seizure and quit working , hopefully I get a new one Monday . 
Almost punched a ref but other than that it was a great game ! 
Damn good run boys way to fight until the last second 
So i figured out the question of life , The worlds #1 leading birth defect is being born a woman . Hahahaha 
Gotta love all the fake people in this damn town 
Trip to bellingham was a success ! 
Went to bellingham again and got a bunch of suff . Very nice ! 
Duhhh Bears ! 
I think im going to go to the beach today , I desperately need to get out of my house . 
Ohh how I love being blamed for shit i didnt do 
Family trip to the seattle aquarium ! 
Another sleepless night awesome ... It feels like some one is trying to tear my kneecap off with a butter knife , hopefully I don't need surgery . 
Some people tell me that I need help , some people can fuck off and go to hell . God damn why they criticize me , that shit is on the rise . 
