has started 2010 very Asian ... Hong Kong hair salon , milk tea , and pop corn chicken ... love 

Live as if you will die tomorrow . Learn as if you will live forever . http://www.ted.com/talks/ben_dunlap_talks_about_a_passionate_life.html 
is excited for an old fashion cocktail party tonight , time to pull out my old fave , vodka gimlets , throw on some pearls and channel < PROPFEMALE > Draper to go with the short hair . 
is re-evaluating ... again 
J'ai ne sais pas 
gets to play asian nanny today ! 
in Baltimore until Thursday . 
needs sleep ... in Baltimore 
is in love with the < PROPMALE > Memorial ... <3 
is back in the left coast 
is looking at old travel pictures ... uh oh ... 
is cooking chicken adobo tonight ! 
wonders how people can be so retarded ... either that or I'm just feeling bitchy today 
You do not merely want to be considered just the best of the best . You want to be considered the only ones who do what you do 
has bangs 
anyone want to sublease my pretty North Beach studio so I can spend the rest of my life traveling ? 
wants to join the circus or pack parachutes 
' s landlord brought someone to do work on my apartment and he totally recognized my place from tv ... lol , I guess that's more of my 15 minutes ... <3 
is drunk , thnak god for summer fridays at work 
would rather have too many dreams and reach half of them then not enough dreams to reach for . 
might have to trade in bastille day celebrations for a nice quiet night in my apartment ... if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > tonight let me know . 
has the Camino De < PROPMALE > on my mind again ... the effects of receiving emails from my Spaniard friends . 
<3 ' s united's frequent flyer < PROPMALE > sale ... I have enough < PROPMALE > to fly anywhere except Australia ... hmm , where to go ? 
needs a new hobby 
can't keep having Sundays like yesterday ... 
wonders if it's a better idea to stay home and not celebrate Hemingway's birthday with free absinthe drinks since I think I'm getting sick :( 
wonders what can go wrong ? 
wants to take a trip through Tunisia , Egypt , Greece , Turkey , Lebanon , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Bhutan , Kazakhstan , Xinjiang ( < PROPFEMALE > ) , Mongolia , and end up in Shanghai to see old friends and maybe throw in Hainan for some beachy fun ... ok magic travel < PROPFEMALE > do your t 
is a sucker for academics 
is sad the wood furniture making class is full ... small business , voice , and either beginning principles of fashion design or beginning theatre ? 
you only live once 
misses being naive ... now I'm jaded and waiting for something to excite me 
just realized , the longer I'm made to wait , the less I want it . 
really wants to take French and Arabic but then I really won't have any free time in the fall 
Il est difficle de vaincre ses passions , et impossible de < PROPMALE > satisfaire . 
stupid t-mobile commercial being filmed in SF today ... totally reminding me how much I miss jumping out of planes . 
what's with backhanded compliments ... twice in one day I was called a < PROPFEMALE > in the rough 
is excited for the newest movie adaptation of Brave New World ! <3 Aldous Huxley 
< PROPFIRST > of all trades , master of none , though oft times better than master of one ! 
turns out I actually am allergic to my work 
loves how life is fun but oh so drama free . :D 
wants to make dairy free treats for all my lactose intolerant friends . =) 
over today ... should have gone to pastry school after deciding law school wasn't for me 
just wants to bake yummy treats , write , learn languages , travel , organize philanthropical events , and debate philosophy over bottles of wine ... that is my ideal life . 
is becoming sentimental as I work on the notes for my novel ... \if you're friends with __ you must either be gorgeous or brilliant and from our conversation I must say it's both . \"" 
À coeur vaillant rien d'impossible . 
what fun , I ran into an old college friend at my fashion design class ! 
kind of likes getting up early and getting more done in my morning than I would otherwise 
I think I'm addicted to buying Chinese stocks ... time to look for domestic investments again ? 
starting to feel like my old self again 
wants to learn how to make French macaroons 
wants to watch < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > minus the < PROPFEMALE > portion ... what a way to satisfy both the francophile and foodie in me 
wishes I had a professional kitchen to play in 
is turning into a hermit 
wishes someone else would take my next profile picture , I feel they're all looking the same now . 
just made vegan cayenne cupcakes filled with salted caramel sauce and drizzled with lavender icing ... from scratch ! 
adores my watercolor pencils <3 
can't wait to try Commis 
wo < PROPFEMALE > gai zai xue zhong < PROPFEMALE > . 
had the yummiest dinner at The House <3 
wishes I was in Spain , this would totally be siesta time 
wonders why Spain keeps calling to me ... 
went on a 5 hour trek from my apartment in North Beach along the water front , over the < PROPFEMALE > Gate Bridge to < PROPFEMALE > and back again ... needless to say I'm resting tonight 
spent all weekend looking for flats but ended up buying three pairs of hot looking heels ... I really , really tried this time :( 
is having yummy food tomorrow instead of voice class ... I'll probably pay for this once midterm recitals come around ... 
had a dream last night that I was opening up a shop and booking a last minute trip to shanghai 
loving my lunch from carte415 
has nightmares about badly made cupcakes 
taking this from my brother's status : If a con is the opposite of pro ... does that make congress the opposite of progress ? 
is flattered 
made my bombay < PROPMALE > cupcakes(chocolate curry and banana cupcakes with peanut butter frosting ) and chocolate bacon cupcakes 
has travel on my mind 
always loves seeing < PROPFEMALE > ! That girl is getting feisty :) 
has been accepted into the cupcake contest for my Bombay < PROPMALE > cupcake ... oh it's on ! 
is trying to figure out what song to sing for my final 
used to darken my freckles with brown eyeliner when I was in high school 
< PROPFEMALE > G . Koman Race for the Cure 
just booked tickets to New York October 29th thru Nov 3rd , who wants to join me for Halloween in NYC ? 
can't sleep , feeling creative 
can't wait to watch , \Coco Before Chanel \"" 
wonders how I keep getting convinced to make cupcakes ... making mini vegan version of my bombay < PROPMALE > cupcakes and trying out a mini red < PROPFEMALE > and cream cheese with cabernet some how mixed in ... I'll figure it out 
needs a change 
is tempted to skip my voice class today , go home , and make myself some udon or soon tofu stew 
is making things happen ! 
no matter how long I've been out of high school I'll always fall victim to the Mission \curse \"" 
had the most surreal day Saturday 
is wondering what is up with all these migraines all of a sudden . :( 
absolutely adores life :D 
is so fickle 
13.1 < PROPMALE > , it's on ! 
is thinking a trip to Shanghai is long over due ... lil ' Shanghai is all growns up since I left it ! 
is looking forward to the weekend 
thinks everyone should have goals ... just don't judge me for mine ;) 
swim then sauna ... that's what I call cross training 
running in the rain then making my \red wine and cheese pairing\ " cupcake and working on a business outline " 
wonders why boys never talk to me 
sometimes dreams do come true * fingers crossed * 
ran , did hill work , yoga , juiced , made an egg white and spinach omelette , and payed my bills ... love getting so much done before work :) 
bleed through my running shoe ... 
wants to be the inspiration for a piece of art ... hint hint to all my artistic friends 
<3 ' s all the lovely , positive people in my life 
wonders why my coworkers always want to drink on my running days ... 
gets to play Asian nanny today !! 
can't sleep , clowns will eat me ( points to anyone who knows the reference ) 
just needs to keep reminding myself it's only for one more month ... I so need a relaxing run tonight 
' s Tuesday sucked ... but Wednesday is another day . 
wonders what's causing my recent insomnia ... 
is tempted to just disappear into the mountains of Tibet for a while ... 
misses my girl crush ... she's just coolness personified 
' s coworkers make me laugh soooooo much <3 :D 
is hoping someone has a red dress I can borrow for wednesday 
is trying to figure out my next travel plans ... where , with who , how long , when , etc 
gets super happy every time I hear my favorite Christmas song :D 
is creeped out ... the owner of a new restaurant by my office offered me lunch and then followed me into Walgreens while I was running errands . 
what a day ! 
is just that good ... 
http://www.businessinsider.com/why-asia-makes-the-west-look-like-the-stone-age-2009-12 
is going to miss my coworkers .... drinks tomorrow , 5:30 at 5A5 , then karaoke tbd 
is excited to have convinced just about everyone in the office to go to happy hour tonight ! 
needs a massage and s.l.e.e.p. 
lunch , < PROPFEMALE > Holiday party , UPenn Holiday party , Churchkey Holiday party .... oh Thursday , you will kill me 
<3 ' s my friends 
running , photo shoot , playing Asian Nanny ! 
9 < PROPMALE > and 4 hills ... now Panam brunch with some of my favorite people :) 
kids running the office and < PROPFEMALE > singing songs ... oh it must be close to Christmas ! 
is switching back to my 510 phone number and dropping the 415 , send me a note if you don't have the number . 
Delam barat tang shode 
m-u-s-t stop looking at maps ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas my loves ! 
Tell me and I'll forget , show me and I may remember , involve me and I will understand . -- Confucius 
died a little bit inside turning down an overland trip from Istanbul to Cairo : .... ( 
is finishing up my last day at work ... I'm going to miss my lil ' SF AOL family 
is home , but can't relax yet ... I swear I'm more busy now than when I was working 
dear life .. you rock ... love Tiffie dear Tiffany ... stop spending me ... love your bank account 
is super stoked to be THAT much closer to getting to volunteer at one of my fave nonprofits in SF !!!!! 
believe in yourself and life and consequently life will believe in you . 
is the best cook ever ! Now I'm kinda sad I finally finished my big pot of kimchi and tofu \gumbo\ " ... what to cook next ? " 
opened up a bottle of cava because I wanted a mimosa with my dinner ... now I just realized I kind of have to finish the bottle myself ... uh oh 
this whole not really traveling in January was the worst idea ever 
loves all my friends , they care if my drunk ass gets home <3 
is < PROPFEMALE > Hsu 
hmm , time to start looking for work 
is a lady of leisure ... 
had everything go wrong for dinner tonight but ended up exactly where I needed to be for yet another job prospect even though I wasn't looking for one . 
can only take so much shopping , drinking , going out to dinners , hanging out , playing with babies , and flying to random cities ... hurry up half marathon , as soon as you're over I get to do some real travel ... 
<3 ' s my purple tights and movie night :) 
is traumatized 
La critique est aisée , mais l'art est difficile . 
playing catch up but failing miserably ... how come I'm always busier when I'm not working ? 
sometimes I can't believe this is my life :) ... tomorrow I'm exploring my neighborhood , North Beach , anyone want to join me for breakfast at Mama's at Washington Square Park ? 
running and ramen ... what an awesome Tuesday night ! 
come out to support Haiti tonight either at the Starlight Room or the Independent 
is enjoying ( f)unemployment to the fullest 
running and ethiopian food ... be still my heart <3 
just turned down a series of paid ads for 944 and a Motocross ad all because I won't be around for February ... lol , but what a nice ego boost 
yay family day ... but it's not even my family 
rain , tea , and jazz ... sounds like a perfect night for writing :) 
alright doppleganger , I used to get the most random ones ... but I think Suchin Pak was the only one that made some sense . 
Italy , Egypt , Ethiopia/Uganda ... how can I say no ? 
http://www.ted.com/talks/jk_rowling_the_fringe_benefits_of_failure.html 
got past the biggest hurdle ... the trip is on ! 
is wondering if I have enough room in my passport for this trip ... do I have enough time to get pages added ? 
ok I can either spend a day in D.C. 2/17 or stay overnight in LA 2/16 ... thoughts ? 
should really sleep 
can't wait to see what lectures come out of TED2010 !! 
wonders , if we only surround ourselves with good people does that mean we lose the opportunity to understand the negative ? 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name using their search engine . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
< PROPFEMALE>:<PROPFEMALE>'s are usually very loyal . She has many acquintances , but very few best friends . They are always opened minded and always have to be entertained or be having a good time . Most of time < PROPFEMALE>'s stay single and flirt around . Never let go of that < PROPFEMALE > . 
loved having a store full of personal shoppers ... but now I'm poor 
CPR class , yay !! 
anyone have a good backpack I can borrow for my trip ? I don't want to buy a new one and I don't want to bring my suitcase and have to check my bags . 
is having an off day ... C'est la vie ... tomorrow is another day :) 
really ?! 
is getting nervous for my first half marathon tomorrow 
Dear Sunday , you rocked , love < PROPFEMALE > :) 
earned another freckle or two from running the Kaiser Half Marathon today !! 
had planned on resting today but I feel great and restless ... anyone want to play hooky and check out a museum with me ? 
Qu'est-ce qu'il y a ? 
, if you're going to get sick , do it now ... you have exactly one week to recover ... 
just booked the rest of my flights !!! Hellllooooo adventure !! 
is really lucky and grateful for it !!! 
is going for it ! 
Last night in SF for a while ... 
has been watching a ton of disney movies instead of getting anything done ... on that note , Aladdin is still my favorite in terms of songs and I <3 how all the female characters are so headstrong 
is starting to wonder if I enjoy life TOO much ... <3 my friends !! 
packing , packing , packing ... trying to fit everything for a month long trip into a < PROPFEMALE > carry-on ... can I do it ? 
is digging through my money collection for all my euros 
is both excited and nervous , tomorrow night I fly out . San < PROPFIRST > -> Dulles -> Rome -> Cairo -> Luxor -> Dahab -> < PROPFEMALE > and the Dead Sea -> Addis Ababa ... 
interesting to say the least 
without my \Italian lovers\ " I am feeling a bit lost in Roma ... what to do with myself ... Naples and Amalfi perhaps ? " 
never realized what an asset it is to travel alone as a woman in Italy ... I will miss Italian hospitality ... Ciao Roma ... Salam wa aleikum Cairo ... flying into Egypt now 
Private night time Nile River boat ride , interesting ... Cairo just about kicked my butt for my first night ... now for Giza and the pyramids 
is surprised I haven't met any other solo travelers in Egypt ... mosty package tourists ... Karnak was amazing ... tomorrow Luxor's West Bank ... then it's FINALLY time to relax by the Sea in Dahab 
how do I end up on so many \dates\ " without realizing it ? " 
goodbye Luxor , hello Dahab ... well , after a 16 hour bus ride ... 
how can I be so stressed in such a relaxing place ? 
run along the Dahab boardwalk with the colored mountains on one side and aqquaba bay and a view of saudi arabia on the other .... this is why I travel 
today : relaxation by the bay , tomorrow : a trip to < PROPFIRST > for < PROPFEMALE > and the Dead Sea ... 
<3 ' s my family and friends !! 
is anyone I know in < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , U.k. , or Italy at the moment ? 
first day of PADI training complete , what an experience ! 
enjoying Dahab ... must come back ... 
finished my PADI and am even more convinced , if I ever get married , skip the engagement ring , just buy me gear for all the sports I get addicted to 
sunburnt on my last day in Dahab ... lovely ... now for one last snorkle then a bus ride back to Cairo 
in the UK and thinking about Ireland 
really hopes I never stop educating myself 
where in the world is < PROPFEMALE > , wouldn't I like to know :P 
I've spun the globe and it's taking me to Southern Spain ... hola Malaga ! 
the best part of being a single female traveler is how approachable people find you . 
so far Malaga has been a weird experience ... 
I was offered dinner and a job from a man who talked about himself like he was God , fascinating man ... I turned down both ... now off to Tarifa in the morning . 
totally gets what Coehlo was talking about being in Tarifa and having Africa call to you ... at the edge of Spain and enjoying my view of Morocco 
was drinking my coffee after lunch when the waiter gave me a drink from a Greek ship captain ... I didn´t think people actually did that . 
Gibraltar today , Morocco tomorrow ? 
living in a < PROPFIRST > in southern Spain ... don't ask ... 
leaving Spain soon and leaving < PROPFIRST > living for Milano then back to < PROPFEMALE > and in the end , San Francisco .... miss all my lovelies !! 
goodbye < PROPFIRST > living , hello Italy for a few more days 
three countries in one day ... my mind doesnt know what language to speak in . At least I know how to figure out metro stations or I never would have found my hotel in < PROPMALE > ! 
thinks the Italian grandmother at breakfast was telling me how cute my freckles are ... Duomo and The Last Supper , then a long train to Rome ... 
Rome once again ! It feels good to be somewhere familiar ! Last two nights of travel then home ... if anyone knows of any media/advertising jobs I am not going to waste time to start looking once I am home . 
a ) it's almost a guarantee that a lone girl walking in Rome will end up with a local tour guide for the night b ) once a man starts calling a girl beautiful too often it's time to leave d ) according to the lady at the gelato place my money makers are my hair , facial structure , smiling face , and freckles c ) today I will be checking out the capt'n crunch church and enjoying my favorite place , St. < PROPMALE>'s Square 
two more flights and thus ends my month of planes , train , buses , cars , vans , boats , ferries , and camels ... what a month , what a \life \"" 
what a last night in Rome , I was wined and dined by the police commissioner of Rome who also rushed to help me find a place still open to buy gifts before he walked me to my hotel without making a move , love it ! ... Italy is an awesome place to be alone and female ! 
silly jetlag , why you make Tiffie tired ... on an unrelated note , who hasn't watched < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland and wants to watch it with me ? 
going though withdrawal 
I spent the day with my mom with resulting convos : Me : flights to Shanghai are $700 Mom : That's cheap , too bad you just finished traveling Me : Well , I don't have to be done Mom : Yeah , you're right ... Mom : Oh look you can go to Europe for cheap Me : I just got back from a trip Mom : True , you could go again , or it would be easier if you worked there ... Mom , you shouldn't be encouraging my wanderlust 
is wondering what to do for my ( gulp ) 27th birthday in less than a month ... 
hates how short my hair has been cut :( ... feeling un-cute and hiding out in my apartment ( ie unpacking , cleaning , uploading photos ) 
still to come : photos from < PROPFIRST > , England , Spain , and < PROPMALE > 
' s love for travel and understanding the world is contagious ... plus I've learned I should get rid of the maps that liter my apartment since they just encourage my addiction ... 
<3 ' s train travel 
anything you can do I can do better ;) 
is never using Orbitz again ... whether or not they completely suck at life depends on whether or not I get my refund and compensated for the last minute ticket I had to book to London an hour before the flight took off due to an error on Orbitz's part . 
is wondering why I'm so addicted to the Middle East ... 
will some day figure out how to consolidate my lust for travel and adventure with work ... inshallah 
feels like a bum ... not doing anything is not my thing 
http://www.ted.com/talks/adora_svitak.html 
dear U.N. , you're still my dream ... inshallah 
dear Amalfi , I dream about you in all the colors that create fairytales and < PROPMALE > wishes , I dream about you in Arabic , Italian , French , and Mandarin , but oddly enough not in English 
30 by 30 
have I found my perfect travel partner ... hmm , only a test trip with him can tell ... 
Asian < PROPMALE > Museum for the Shanghai Exhibit on free Tuesday since I haven't been in actual Shanghai for TWO years now :( 
is craving koshary 
first run since running in Dahab and having all the Egyptians on the boardwalk make comments about my running \form \"" 
Dear Universe , I did my part , now you do yours ... inshallah 
facebook and gmail keep showing me ads about buying villas in Amalfi , cheap flights to Africa , business schools , international grad school , upcoming marathons , adventure vacations , sailing classes , volunteer opportunities in South < PROPFEMALE > , and culinary school ... is that what my interest have been reduced down to ? 
it's a legacy from childhood instinct 
is always more productive and open to inspiration late late late at night 
not being Facebook friends with someone means I now have the coolest penpal <3 
dear ankle , I know I twisted you one night in Spain and then I continued to climb and jump off of things like the tomboy that I am , but that was a month ago and I'd really like to get in some more running .... feel better soon .... love Tiffie 
who knew shipping a package to egypt would cost so much 
is enjoying slowing down . 
is going to have a girly moment when I say ... I just bought the hottest birthday dress ! 
Yassou eikossi epta , ?? ???, Marhaba saba wa ishrun , Ciao ventisette , Bonjour vingt-sept , Hola vientesiete , Hello 27 , Salam Bist haft , Hoi zevenëntwintig 
the drive along the Pacific Coast Highway was lovely , after the morning fog cleared up the afternoon was full of color , as if the world was turned to technicolored contrast ... then coming home to all these birthday wishes has made this the best first day of 27 ... love you all and thank you !!!!! ? 
does anyone know of good language courses in San < PROPFIRST > ? 
witnessed an end of an < PROPFEMALE > 
too much travel literature is written by men , their experience is not my experience , yet the women who write travel stories follow too much of what is expected from them ... their experience is not my experience ... someday I will find literature that speaks to me , and that will be the day I am published ... 
should really sleep , but I get so much more done at night 
thai chicken salad with a garlic spicy soy lime sauce , avocado , artichoke , grape tomatoes , julienned carrots , and chopped basil ... success ! adding this to my cooking rotation :D 
tasty tacos then tricky trivia ... <3 
hoping everything goes well for < PROPFEMALE > and lil ' bun today .... * fingers crossed * 
welcome < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Jorve ... all 6lbs 1oz !!!! 
is going to Walnut Creek to meet lil ' Ally !!!!!! :D 
11 < PROPFEMALE > s and not even one whole day of 33 days of memories put onto the < PROPFEMALE > yet ... at least this time around I've gotten further with my first draft .... 
dear bar method , there will be a day when i'm not the girl in class that needs to be corrected all the time even though it gives me bad flashbacks to when i took ballet lessons for a moment . 
why do I feel the need to finish a bottle of wine everytime I write ... at least I don't drink much otherwise ... 
dive expo and a coastal drive ... perfection :) 
is looking for a new apartment , one bedroom ideal , but my budget may dictate a studio ... 
is the absolute worst at grocery shopping ... i bought a magnum of pinot griggio , pork chops , avocados , artichoke hearts , and yogurt ... what am i supposed to make with that ? 
old hurts resurface even when new insight is gained ... some people will always have an effect regardless of how much time has passed ... 
Lunch at the legion of honor over looking the pacific ocean on free musuem day ... lovely 
was snuck into the cartier exhibit and all i can say is , \why don't I have a tiara ? \"" 
best purchases today : smoked grey sea salt and black truffle oil ... talk about having fun with my cooking experiments :D 
is shifting priorities 
enjoying the sunshine , bar method class , then a flight to miami for a day ... life is lovely 
catching up with a good friend , beach , atlantic ocean , job offer , and then tomorrow a day with < PROPFEMALE > and Ally Bun .... perfection :) 
starting Monday I am no longer a woman of leisure ... 
learned how to say all the oceans and the < PROPMALE > bodies of waters in Mandarin ... nerd 
feels like I've been neglecting my facebook 
never knows what I want ... 
forgetting my work laptop in my apartment and tripping over myself is probably a good indication that my body isnt ready to go cold turkey without coffee 
half the people I know are professional bums ... hmm ... 
is excited to be able to see one of my idols next month ... Richard Branson !! 
beat out 15 other people for my < PROPFEMALE > new apartment <3 
I miss breathing underwater ... 
after spending my first night in my new apartment I finally realized what it reminds me of ... it's like living in a beach house <3 
the more I learn about life the less afraid I am , the more I experience , the less intimidating anything is 
is getting tired of hipster food options 
dear Amalfi Coast , I miss you ... can we play together again soon ? 
people in sf dont know how to dance 
time to break in my new kitchen with some specialty cupcake baking :D 
kind of wants a picnic table with cushioned seats for my dining table ... 
plantar fasciitis on the right , and a left ankle that needs an MRI after twisting it in Spain ... I'm so not a happy runner at the moment ... * pout * 
sometimes I think I'm just a big kid 
doesn't know if I should blame or thank Aric S . < PROPFEMALE > for introducing me to my first < PROPFIRST > Theroux novel , \Dark < PROPFEMALE > Safari\ " ... reading \ " Pillars of Hercules\ " and completely missing being in the Mediterranean " 
wonders why domestic flights are always such a bigger hassle than international ones ... on my way to LA 
happy hour , tacos , and geek parties ... <3 
just realized i havent changed my voicemail since i went on vacation last year ... 
is looking for a programmer to work on a project with :D 
against everyone's better judgement i'm heading out for a test run ... oh fatalistic temptation . 
just got my hair cut and asked to be used as a model on the salon website ... lol 
dear body , why did you decide to get sick on one of my most favoritest days of the year ... :( 
even looking at food makes me feel sick ... :( 
can navigate my way around the world , jump out of planes and dive the Red Sea , but I cant find a doctor to take a look at what i suspect to be an ulcer ... omg did i just find out i'm one of those dumb smart people who can't take care of myself ? 
hmm who knew , not only is hami melon the only thing I can stomach right now(super yummy btw ) , but it has curative properties as well ... I'm sooo sticking to Chinese medicine 
just lost two years of blog information/material while updating my wordpress ... * sob * 
Dear airlines , please stop making all your flights so expensive , I've never had to pay $ 1,000 for any flight before and now it looks like the norm ... please no more natural disasters or oil spills , or I'll be forced to live in a country where it's not economically discouraging to fly internationally ... love , Tiffie 
is it wrong to love taking taxis just for the pleasure of talking about the driver's home country .. best convos ever about brazil , ethiopia , and < PROPFIRST > come from late night rides home 
just found my bank card for my Chinese bank account ... I wonder if I still have money in it ? 
hurdles for now , but I keep thinking of < PROPMALE > 
I was reading the newest issue of Runner's World at my physical therapy office this morning ... can't wait to get back into training ! 
every now and then I have the pleasure of sneaking a glorious piece of literature into my reading rotation and I am reminded that even with the ease and proliferation of writing platforms there is a dearth of real writers 
feels like a failure today 
thanks to < PROPFIRST > Montie I'm thinking about taking the foreign service exam again for fun ... I really need to stop taking exams for fun ... 
how different is Egyptian Arabic and Levantine Arabic ? 
maybe a competitive sport ? 
this could be it !! 
is it weird to base my life off of Dr. Seuss books ? 
I want to run so badly ... 
maybe this shows how tech-tarded I am , but I just found out I can decompress my low resolution images and enlarge my photos for printing .... <3 
reading Con-Tiki is making me want to go on my own Pacific sailing adventure ... 
busy day prepping for tomorrow\s big BBQ " 
tiffie tired 
wants to open a bistro for traveling artists , wayward wanderers , and white collar criminals ... but not in SF ... perhaps Dahab , Essaouira , Tarifa , Hainan ? 
Middle East , < PROPFEMALE > , or South < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I used to be talented , what happened ? 
cookie baking , wine drinking , spoiling a 3 year old , trip planning , and staring at a map trying to compare it to what we remember about geographical references from mythology about the ancient world ... I'm such a nerd , but I love it ! 
I just wrote a long list of recommendations for Shanghai and as I looked up links online to make things easier it made me realize how much Shanghai has grown up since I was last there ... I miss it :( 
is feeling good writing , editing , creating , dreaming again .... 
apparently everyone knows what the \Tiffie pose\ " is ... " 
why is it so hard to write a simple two minute script about my ideas for making the world a better place ... bottomless mimosa brunch might be the inspiration I need ... 
wants to hide away in bed today either watching bad daytime t.v. or playing with my new photo editing software 
not quite liking my script ... should I be unconventional and tell a story instead ? 
feels like Elle Woods , though my ideas are sound , I come across as shallow because I like to put a little fun into everything I do . 
is it sad that I'd rather skip out on going out to finally work on making my blog updates and figuring out the next steps for my < PROPFEMALE > video ? 
is always craving good < PROPFEMALE > n food ... time for another trip to < PROPFEMALE > ? 
has decided to start trying to cook all the awesome things I've had while traveling once a week in my apartment ... anyone want to join me ? 
misses getting blisters on my feet after pushing myself with a hard run ... my physical therapist has added at least half a month more until I can be up and running again . :( 
apparently is the person everyone who is questioning what makes sense in their lives goes to for advice ... have I really made my pursuit for finding a life that feels right that obvious ? 
is full of bad ideas ... right now I want an etch a sketch coffee table ... 
wishes I was < PROPMALE > Dali , then I could make reality into the way I see it . 
just bought an elephant ... <3 
Tuesday will be my first \Dinner At Tiffany's\ " where I recreate food I've had while traveling . If anyone is interested in joining me 
dear UNESCO , I would have your babies if I could 
is really taking advantage of having an apartment that allows for dinner parties . 
woke up grouchy ... :( 
for someone who was a psych < PROPMALE > how come I've only just now made Psychology Today part of my reading rotation ? 
what do people who are dreamers , have creative ideas and are good at facilitating action do ? 
I'll just do it myself , my way ... 
dear powerpoint , suddenly I'm addicted to your capabilities beyond work presentations . <3 
I wish I was ... 
is it crazy or could it work ? 
I wish I was Ferran < PROPFEMALE > so that I could have a place of my own to get as experimental as I damn well please 
since my blog has been hacked I'll just post what's for dinner this week here : Thursday 8pm @ my apartment , this week will Italian : pasta with gorgonzola and truffle oil sauce , some sort of antipasta and something yummy for dessert ... I know , so descriptive .. who is in this week ? 
dear dining room table , as soon as I finish my photo wall , you're my next < PROPMALE > project ... <3 Tiffie 
4.35 miles ... good news , at least I'm not starting from scratch ... bad news , my ankle still hurts : ...... ( 
is thinking about shaking up my life outline and do things a bit out of order :) 
it just took numerous rewrites , countless moments of self destraction , two glasses of wine , a bottle of beer and an hour and a half of retakes to self tape the minute of \me\ " for my video ... all dreams of being on screen have been dismissed " 
quick question to all my < PROPFEMALE > philes , whenever I was in < PROPFEMALE > it was popular to eat these packets of candied nuts that were somewhat walnut like but < PROPFEMALE > , but I can't remember what type of nut they are ... I know that's vague , but anyone ? 
I feel like I've just suddenly realized how awesome the internet is ... 
is totally geeking out 
is only there was a place where I could have people over for meals all the time ... oh wait , like a bistro or something ? 
Dear PowerPoint 2010 and Windows Movie Maker ... I love you ... that's all 
It's another week and another Dinner At < PROPFEMALE>'s . This week I'm doing Mexican mariscos . Ceviche tacos and shrimp cocktail . Who's in ? 
sometimes I wish I could just live in a craft store 
really misses Shanghai 
I dream of things that never were ... 
cupcake , wine , and cheese night ! 
sf street food fest , not so cool ... sf stop every where on the way out of the mission to get yumminess for wine , cheese , and jem night ... awesome 
it took a while , but the blog is back up ... all because I can't fall asleep 
wants to make it a wine and ice cream party in my apartment tonight . 
just bought noodles from a lady on a bike ... 
why have I not read \The Life of Pi\ " before ? <3 " 
today is the day ... 
looking forward to a looooong mind clearing drive to Temecula :) 
socal here I come 
< PROPFEMALE > looked absolutely gorgeous ... resting now before the reception . :) Congratulations to Mr. & Mrs. Jimenez !!! 
is addicted to acupuncture 
a looooong weekend of driving means I'm now up to date with all the newest pop music ... 
excited ... :) 
<3 ' s < PROPFEMALE > Keenon for reminding me that I do have a plan . :) 
since when do I listen to conventional wisdom ? 
tonight's dinner : Thai beef salad , coconut curry with chicken , homemade coconut rice pudding , and a frozen coconut drink I totally made up ... hmm , I hope my dinner guests actually like coconut .... 
really wants to see the Taj Mahal 
nothing I do is traditional 
why does \Up\ " always make me cry ? " 
has never felt more Chinese ... my mom just called trying to set me up ... 
what a great day :D 
the only time you fail is when you don't try 
???? 
race for the cure on two hours of sleep ... yay for it only being a 5k ! 
life is good . :D 
needs an adventure ... 
deviating from the norm has lead me to live a very full life ... now it's time to live enough for a second lifetime 
sooooo hot , I feel like I'm in < PROPFEMALE > 
dinner at Benu tonight !!! 
just had a awkward conversation with chef < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > of Benu ... honestly , I should never be allowed to talk to people . 
have I mentioned how much I love life ? 
is looking forward to the 20/20 story on Islam 
is having one of those days ... 
made enough japchae and kimchi fried quinoa to feed ten people .. guess I know what I'll be eating all week . :P 
just had a \duh\ " moment ... I've found my niche !!!! " 
Seward Street Slides and Ike's ... oh big kids perfection ! 
loves san francisco ... blue angels = <3 
there are times in life when you have the option to hold back or go for it full force ... it might be easier to hold back , but it's a lot more fun when you cross the line and go for it ! 
is too sensitive 
loves how helpful people are :) 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert ... how is it you managed to ruin travel to Italy for me ? Thanks to you I get advice from \experiential\ " travel communities pointing me to your advice to go to horrid tourist traps " 
was just reminded how much I love < PROPMALE > and Academic Earth <3 
has lived a pretty hedonistic life ... time to scale back ? 
it takes a gaggle of gushing < PROPFEMALE > moms for me to realize the Giants'pitcher just opened the door for me and my stroller at starbucks 
knowing there's a philz coffee on < PROPFIRST > ness is enough to make me walk instead of ride muni 
who knew i was such a perfectionist 
Love the rain on a sleepless night 
i love my friends . 
what a strange journey 
nobody said doing something different would be easy nor did they say it wouldn't get lonely ... at least I'll be in Italy Friday . :) 
is all packed up ... watch out Italy and Morocco , I'm heading back for round two with both :) 
rainy day in < PROPFEMALE > 
waiting for my last flight before home :) 
is getting a second and third opinion . 
is back in Cali just in time for the holiday ! 
needs to start taking my writing seriously 
prepping for tonight's made from scratch dinner for 9 ... on the menu : fried gnocchi drizzled with broccoli-gorganzola sauce , pizzaiola meat , torta di patate , and tiramisu 
sunshine , sushi , sapporo , and no crowds ... this is how christmas shopping should always be . :D 
just found an award from one of my first writing competitions from 1994 ... looks like all I ever wanted to be was a writer . :( 
don't try to bluff with my Shanghai trained negotiation skills . 
best holiday surprise !!! 
my new office is going to make me fat 
Dear 2011 , I'm going to use you to finally be smart about my money ... love Tiffie 
As you start your journey , the first thing you should do is throw away that store-bought map and begin to draw your own . 
On tonight's menu : japchae with quinoa and tempeh , carrot < PROPFEMALE > lentil soup with a dash of coconut and curry , and assorted Italian cheeses paired with medjool dates ... all washed down with a French table wine ... who says healthy doesn't have to mean delicious 
was happy to use what little Italian I knew while ordering my coffee this morning ... 
for a city full of restaurants , there's nothing I want ... 
portland , vancouver , or park city ? 
camera and laptop shopping 
i was diving in egypt this time last year , hanging out in morocco two years ago , heading to el bulli in spain three years ago , and working in shanghai four years ago ... man , this is my first year in san < PROPFIRST > in years for march ! 
Dear my first dslr , now that I've finally upgraded from a pas , I can't wait for you to arrive for me to play with <3 
should I finally make the switch to a Macbook Pro ? 
why is this the first time I've heard about open-jaw travel ... and why does it still confuse me ? 
