Happy New Year's to all of you . I apologize for not being here more but my mother has been very ill and is still not home from the hospital . Thank you all for the birthday wishes too , they mean more than you could imagine . 

Half-forgotten memories , my long abandoned dreams , Are the days really growing longer , for they're shorter to me it seems . 
Wow , I leave a few days and all of my friends disappear ! Seriously , I hope everyone knows I never delete a friend , I < PROPFEMALE > you all like the fine diamonds you are . 
After a long and tiring day the only thing on my mind is sleep ... unfortunately , my body does not agree with my mind . I'll be sleepy when it's time to get up ! 
Just when I thought I had seen everything , I saw something new ... something gross ... something no one would write home about ... but here I am anyway . I saw a man polishing his car , you know , wax on , wax off , that kind of thing . When he was finished waxing 
Heading off to the land of dreams and I sure hope < PROPFIRST > Depp visits me there tonight ! 
The economy is so bad my neighbor is now saving toe nail clippings . I heard her telling her children they could make paper mache ' noise makers with them to use at a birthday party . I guess my braiding bread wrappers into area rugs is not so bad after < PROPMALE > 
Wishing my mind would shut off so I could fall asleep and have some wonderful fantasy or replay a favorite memory .... but instead , I'm playing a game on Facebook and feeling determined to win !! 
Summer seems to come and go much too fast , but the summers of my youth , in my memory , will forever last . 
I'm off to the land of nod ! You all have a great night and I hope the week starts off well for all of you ! 
Preparing for an emotional afternoon here . I hope you all have a wonderful day filled with laughter and surprises ! 
My heart is very heavy this morning . A very dear friend and beautiful young woman has left this life today , far too early . < PROPFEMALE > Rhodes passed away early this morning . Please keep her and her family in your thoughts and prayers . She was one of < PROPFIRST>'s closet friends and the same age as my son . It is such an emptiness I feel this morning that I cannot put it into words . 
We may live without poetry , music , < PROPMALE > , and conscience ... but I don't want to ! 
Trying to figure out where to start today . I think I should be cloned ... oh , no , wait , that would mean I could do more things at once .... ( Dianna takes off in a mad dash ) I will just resign from adulthood ! 
The relaxing sound of the rain is making me sleepy . I have oodles of things to get done and feel more like taking a nap ! 
I wish I had a way to shut my mind off with a switch instead of lying in bed with an exhausted body and thoughts that swirl around in my mind like a tornado . I guess I should at least give sleep a try tonight . 
This morning there is nothing on my mind .... well , except to wonder how I ended up with extra furniture when it all fit before I moved it around .... only I could end up in a mess like this ..... LOL 
I'm dreading another week of passing myself somewhere between coming and going .... 
They shall not grow old as we who are left to grow old . Age shall not weary them , nor the years condemn . At the going down of the sun and in the morning , We will remember them ... I would love , if all my friends on here would copy and paste this statement and put it as your status today to show your respect to all the brave that have lost their lives for our country , and to those still serving . Thank you everyone . 
Moments may fade , but memories linger , playing over in my mind , I can almost touch them with my finger . Lyrics from forgotten melodies , harmonize softly today , like the laughter and the sorrow , I < PROPFEMALE > them with me every day . 
Looking forward to Thanksgiving with my children . I'll be dancing around the kitchen having everybody here . I hope you all have a Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Just ending my Thanksgiving weekend . I had a house filled with people I love and now it feels pretty empty without the chatter and constant moving about the place . I'll just set my sights on the Christmas gathering now ! 
Looking forward to the New Year ! 
I'm beginning to think I should have built a two story igloo . I am eagerly anticipating mowing the lawn if I ever get to see the grass again . More snow is on the way and I'm too old to run and play ..... LOL 
The snow skipped right over us ! Today the sun is shining and while it's only 26 degrees , I'm not shoveling the driveway ! 
Watching the snow , shoveling the snow , watching the snow and shoveling the snow ... my upper arms might look like arms instead of wings again if I keep this up ! :) 
Another cold and snowy day here so I may as well accomplish a few things ... clean a closet , clean the floors , make a big pot of soup .... I have cabin fever !!! 
My thoughts are with the family of a very dear friend who passed away on the 1st . I finally understand what my grandmother meant when she said the worst part of aging is seeing the people you love leave you behind . Life is far too short . We should all live each moment as if it's our last because it just might be . 
Enjoying the sunshine and the company of friends and family . Life here is good today . Now to get that darn Easter < PROPFEMALE > here with chocolate ! 
Please keep the Boone County , West < PROPFEMALE > , coal miners in your prayers . I have friends and family working in the mines there . 
? ? ? Support WV Coal and WV Coal Miners ; Please repost and pray . There has been a < PROPMALE > mining accident at Performance Coal at Birchton in < PROPMALE > County , WV . 30 < PROPMALE > south of Charleston ..... this is a Massey Underground mine . They say several miners are involved in a < PROPMALE > roof collaspe ..... 7 dead and 21 injuried , 19 miners missing ? ? ? 
is trying to get herself motivated to push through Monday ! Thank goodness we only have one Monday a week ! 
Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list \ 
actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who really is ... I < PROPFEMALE > friendships 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFENDand INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her . . Post this on your wall if you are against \ 
domestic violence ! 
Thinking I should be singing with < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > about now .... Raindrops keep falling on my head , and just like the guy whose feet are too big for his bed .... nothing seems to fit , those raindrops keep falling on my head ...... 
Dreading another Monday ! Egad , where did the weekend go ? 
Under pressure , eggs will crack and coal will become < PROPFEMALE > s . The same can be said for people . I should be a cracked Hope < PROPFEMALE > by now ! 
I have far too much to do with too little time to do it . Is it too late to change my mind about being an adult ? 
I was so stressed out this evening that even a game of Monopoly with my Goddaughter was too much like reality for me . I guess I don't have to like it , I just have to live it . 
I am the only one I know who could find a traffic jam on the information superhighway ! Happy Memorial Day weekend , folks ! 
I'm not going to wait for my ship to come in because I would just have to unload it by myself anyway ! Have a great day all ! 
I think time is running out and it's taking my mind along with it . Actually , I'm pretty sure most of my mind has already left the building ! 
I think I was nearly at the end of my rope today and I really had to struggle to keep from tieing it around somebody's neck ! LOL 
Woman cannot live by bread alone .... she must have her morning coffee ! 
Every time my cup runneth over ..... I stain a new tablecloth ! I cannot win for losing ! :) 
My age is changing faster than my heartbeat ! Thank goodness it's Friday ! Have a great weekend everybody ! 
I've thought of a lot of great things I'd like to do today but my body seems to have vetoed every single one of them . I couldn't even go out to paint the town red without having a nap first .... sigh ..... 
Happy Father's Day to all of the father's out there !! 
is wondering if computer connections are making real life communication a thing of the past ! I miss hand-written letters and human voices ! 
I thought I saw a light at the end of the tunnel but it was only a semi in the wrong < PROPFIRST > ! Just my luck .... 
I've decided that people who think they know it all should probably write self-help books ! 
I hope you all enjoyed a wonderful 4th of July . Family and friends made the day special here and a phone call from a very special young man in Iraq helped us all to remember just how important the day is to all of us . 
You've been NIBBLED ON !!! Today is NIBBLE DAY and baby you know you're sexy if you get nibbled ! GO ahead & start NIBBLIN'! Send this 2 all your sexy friends ( even me) ! If you get 2 back you're ugly , 3-4 ok , 5-6 damn , 7-8 WOW mmmmmm yummm !!!..?? Y ( This was sent to me and I could not help myself !! I love you all ! ) 
I think my wheel of fortune has a flat ....... 
Into each life a little rain must fall but why does it always seem to happen when I've left my windows open ? 
I'm pretty sure the one who laughs last just didn't get the joke ! 
I've realized that during the course of one of my average days there is never anything that happens that is average ...... 
Thia and < PROPFIRST > have poked me so much my monitor is turning blue ........ 
Someone told me today that I'm on a roll ... with my luck I'll roll right past my destination ..... 
The winds of change .... have mostly messed up my hair ! 
I decided to try something new today ! I vacummed while wearing high heels . I stepped on a cat paw . She jumped up on the recliner which hit the bird cage and sent feathers flying everywhere . The dog started to < PROPMALE > the cat and ran right between my legs while in hot pursuit . I fell and not only did I break one of my heels , I landed on the poor cat's paw again . Note to myself : vacumming and heels don't work ! 
I have too much to do , too little time to do it , and it's too late to pick another career . I liked it better when books were the only things that got paged ! 
I attended the school of hard knocks . There was no playground and I not only survived , I graduated with honors ! 
I wish life was more like an Algebra book . I'd be able to find the answers to the odd problems in the back of the book ! 
I'll know I'm old when I have fewer dreams and far more regrets . 
I no longer hear \The check is in the mail . \ " These days I hear \ " The computer system is down . \ " Sigh ..... " 
I have too many pieces of modern technology around here . I can have a really bad without even leaving the house ! 
Looking forward to a weekend spent with family and friends ! < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > are coming home ! It's grilling time ! 
So proud of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , #11 , Valley Greyhounds ! 
My daily agenda these days is more like a list of things I probably won't get done ! 
??????????????? If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave\ 
it there for the day . If they could sacrifice their lives for all of us\ 
then you can sacrifice your precious status for a day . There should be\ 
no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . \ 
......... Please do this for the ones that ... make this the Home of the Free because\ 
of the Brave !!!! ???????????? 
“Now , we have inscribed a new memory alongside those others . It’s a memory of tragedy and shock , of loss and mourning . But not only of loss and mourning . It’s also a memory of bravery and self-sacrifice , and the love that lays down its life for a friend–even a friend whose name it never knew\ . May we never forget 9/11 . " 
Never have so few done so much .... without coffee ! I need more coffee ! 
CANCER MONTH : ? In memory of every cancer patient , family member , \ 
and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those\ 
who continue to CONQUER it !! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone\ 
who has or has had cancer . 
I'm trying to keep my head above water but everyone around me is making waves ! LOL 
I think it's pretty safe to say that the only person who never has a bad hair day would be a bald person ! 
With the way my luck has been going I'm afraid to step over a banana peel because I'll probably just fall into an open manhole ! 
Just taking a short break to tell you that my baby brother is 48 years-old today ! It's hard to believe it's been that long since he wore diapers ! If you know < PROPMALE > , give him a call and harass him about being old today ! 
Does life in the fast < PROPFIRST > raise your insurance rates ? 
I like it on my desk . 
My computer has one and I want one too !! I need that escape button !! 
I loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would . When you choose to have children you make a conscious decision , to allow your heart to walk around outside your body . Put this on your status , if you have children you love more than life ! 
It was a beautiful clear day today .... and I could really see how dirty my kitchen windows are ! 
My friend told me today , \Time is really marching on . \ " The first thing I thought of was all the messy tracks that would leave on my carpet ! " 
It's been a long couple of weeks friends . I've missed you all and hope all is going well for you . So is everybody ready for Thanksgiving ? I personally will be giving thanks for wonderful family and friends this year . I would be lost without them ! 
I guarantee you that if there is such a thing as a fountain of youth it is filled with caffeine ! I need my coffee ! 
The first person who tells me \Good Morning\ " tomorrow is going to have to prove it ! " 
My life is full of ups and downs ... mostly it's my weight that goes up and my body parts that fall down ..... 
Everytime I try to run with the big dogs I end up with dog crap on my shoes ! Have a great weekend all ! 
Life really is a piece of cake .... of course , as usual , I'm on a strict diet ! 
If you have extra time on your hands I'd be willing to trade you some chocolate for it ! ( And everybody knows how I love my chocolate ! ) 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l |^^^^^^^^^^|\ 
l HAVE A SAFE * AND * HAPPY NEW YEAR |” \”; .. 
Does anyone else remember adding a bag of salted peanuts to a bottle of Pepsi or RC Cola just to listen to the fizz ? 
Okay , how many of you caught june bugs , tied a string around their legs , then let them fly in circles around your head ? I can't believe I enjoyed that as a young girl . 
Cousins are the first friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your CRAZY family like your cousins , even if you haven't talked to them in awhile . Re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world !! Yes I do !! :) 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , being a pain , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversations pick up where they left off even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along .. ;) 
I tried burning the candle at both ends once ; I got wax all over the place ! 
I got a wedding invitation response by phone today . The caller wanted to know if I would be on the bride's side or the groom's side . Isn't it a little early to have to choose sides in the battle already ? 
