I just watched the pro soccer game between the U.S.A. and Italy on ESPN . The result ? The U.S.A. lost , 1 to 3 . : ( 

Can anyone say \Veronica Mars Marathon ? \"" 
I am officially a brainless zombie ... Anyone see those Hulu commercials with the aliens ? Yep ! My brain is officially mush from too much computer time ! Yet ... I cannot seem to stop . (?) 
Oh ! I am also officially being preyed upon by mosquitoes ... I once read somewhere that mosquitoes prefer blondes , but that seems terribly silly when said aloud ... 
I am watching < PROPMALE > X < PROPFEMALE > ... I know that they're going to die ... but I can't help wanting to watch all of the episodes ... and I'm already more than halfway through ... Why do they have to die ? Unlike the original Shakespearian story , I actually like the 
why yes , it is indeed . 
I AM UP TOO EARLY ! 
SABOTEN-CON HERE I COME !!! 
Is someone out there talking about me ? I've had the urge to sneeze for a half an hour now ... 
I'm in < PROPMALE > , Colorado ! Just came from Boulder ! 
Side Note : When Celestial Seasonings takes the caffeine out of their tea , they sell the caffeine to energy drink companies like Amp , Red Bull , and Monster ... just a fun fact ! 
I'M AT MT . RUSHMORE !!! 
Last Sunday , I learned to play pool ! Now my mother is considering getting a pool table for us !!! YAY !!! 
I am in Washington D.C. And guess what ? I met Jordanna in the National Gallery ! Who'd a thunk it !?! Things are pretty chill over here - though not so much the weather , unfortunately ; I've barely had a < PROPMALE > to use either of the three jackets I brought with me ... ( a little excessive , I know ) 
The Spy Museum was the most AWESOME thing ever - I blew practically all my money there . Thus , dear people , when I return to Phoenix ( our local sauna ) expect an < PROPFEMALE > with lighter pockets , a humbler spirit , and a secret spy within . Good night and good luck ... ( note : it's 10:08 pm here right now ) 
P.S. I'm on a writing roll , so I think I'll quit while I'm ahead ... 
