Okay , so i finally have Bookface . It is only because certain people continuously pester me to create an account . If you ask me to be your neighbor for some stupid-ass game , i will probably not only say no but laugh at you because you obviously dont me . So live it up , those of you who know to whom i am speaking , you broke my impressive wall built against the technological ages . 

Manning back for another Super Bowl 
Met a girl , fell in love , glad as i can be met a girl , fell in love , glad as I can be But i think all the time , is she true to me ? Cuz there's nothing in this world to stop me worryin bout that girl 
do Geese see God ? 
You know the worst part of any State of the Union Address ? The fact that this is a democracy and we have to wait for every opinionated heel-nipper to stop clapping before a sentence gets finished . I've said it before : democracy ... simply doesn't work . 
Ah , Satan sees < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Okay , least favorite character on Lost : < PROPFEMALE > . What a dumb ho . If there were to be a picture next to the exemplar of why Good Intentions aren't always a good thing , you'd see her dumb ass . 
Worst Actor on Lost : whoever Sawyer is in real life . I mean , how over the top can you get ? 
Imagine that , Stan : Karate Jesus ! 
You Are Entitled to My Own Opinion : To Bookface , cc : movie enthusiasts everywhere : What is it world ? Why do I seem to be the only one who doesn't see what is good about Tarentino's new film , Inglorious Basterds ? I went into the movie very interested . First scene : awesomely depicted tension , great acting . The rest of the movie : stupid , messy crap . 
First of all , why does the SUBPLOT take total control of the movie ?? It's entitled IB , yet the Basterds boast a total of twenty minutes saved from the cutting floor . And half of them are missing in between cut-aways . So , we're led to believe half of them died ... might've been cool to watch , rather than the looooong , boring scenes following Blonde Cinema Owner and Irritating Socially Unaware Nazi Sniper . 
And the Blonde Cinema lady bent on revenge , falling for the bad-guy-playing-possum ? Even in the Forties , this was a cliche ! And what the hell is up with killing Hitler ?? That's like slapping the faces of every Jew and Gypsy family that suffered the Holocaust ; it cheapens the reality of what happened , borderline mocks it . 
I will say this about Tarentino : he has the best ear in Hollywood for music , sound effx , and sound editing . So , what the hell , people ? What am i missing that everyone else seems to see ? 
And now ... getting my drink on , getting my Lost on 
Satan oscillate my metallic sonataS 
So i finally watched the movie Witness for the first time , where < PROPMALE > Ford hides as an Amish man . As many of you know my past w/ the Amish , you should not be surprised to hear I was disappointed that they , the Amish , were portrayed in a positive light . When will we get the balls to make a movie that shows them in their actual radiance : 
I'll find it before i float around the tip of their tongue 
There's no room for cursing in a civilized world . UNLESS , Brenden , UNLESS u know how to do it right . It's called creative use of words . It's like poetry , like < PROPFIRST > Frost : Stopping by the woods , on a snowy fuckin evenin . That kinda shit . 
Anyone interested in seeing a new movie , but can't decide what's worth watching , I suggest A Serious Man by the Coen Brothers . Hilarious . 
Can someone please tell me why Bookface is playing us off one another by having us answer questions that are either obscene , ill-humoroed , or just downright mean ? And to what ends ? So we can find out who ELSE is answering questions about us that is none of their business ? The whole interaction seems to acheive nothing but the further spreading of narcissism . 
is too old for this shit . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died . What fools he made of us all : he knew EXACTLY what we were talking about all along ... 
New simple plan to resolve the issue in the Gulf of Mexico : just rename it the Black Sea 
How do these people decide : Hm , think I'll go into work at 4:09 in the morning ...? Seems pretty arbitrary for work run by dozens of people with doctorates in various sciences .... 
\Are you BLUE ? \ " \ 
Doesn't drop below 80 degrees until after 2 a.m. I love living in the bowels of satan 
Lots of people think we're invincible ... we're vincible ... 
Got new ( well , new to me ) furniture for the new apartment . This place is gonna look like the mismatched set of < PROPMALE > and Son . 
November 2010 : < PROPFIRST > Lehane's latest ( and perhaps Last ) < PROPFIRST > Kenzie novel arrives . After only ten years of waiting . 
The culmination of my week of working Shades of Green : money that my boss forgot to file w/ Payroll , 50 hours ' practice to be one of those Buckingham Palace guards that never move , and read the first 3 books of the Torah . How absurd is Leviticus ?? Anyone ? 
Far from ... Our home ... A heap of flash ... Behind the dash ... It gathers . 
And they're all made out of ticky-tacky , and they all look just the same ... 
Overheard tonight : So at what point does CPR become necrophilia ? 
Hangin with the McKees and our little Lyddi-Bug ... 
All the white girls trip when i sing at sunday service ... hahaha thank you , < PROPFIRST > White 
That night we anchored in a woody bay\ 
And sleep no more around us dared to hover\ 
Than , when all doubt and fear has past away , \ 
It shades the couch of some unresting lover , \ 
Whose heart is now at rest : thus night passed over\ 
In mutual joy : around , a < PROPMALE > grew\ 
Of poplars and dark oaks , whose shade did cover\ 
The waning stars prankt in the waters blue , \ 
And trembled in the wind from which the morning flew . 
I don't get it =) 
Moving into the new place today . 
Aaaaaaaand officially moved in . Try moving everything you own in 95 degree heat all in one day . Nope , I couldn't do it either . 
At work for the .... tenth day in a row . Yeah , this is fun . 
Well I managed to take out the tiger with some Mace , but the sweetshoppe owner and his son were an different story altogether .... i had to beat them to death with their own shoes ... nasty business , really . BUT we got the M'n'Ms to Ozzy and he put on a great show ... 
First day off in two weeks . Literally . I'm gonna get drunk . 
My fingertips are holding onto\ 
The cracks in our foundation 
Blah . 
Live every week like it's Shark Week . 
Love how my Last.fm account not only knows the music I'd like , but also the music that is so bad it'd actually make me laugh and enjoy despite my musical taste , like for instance : MGMT 
hahaha I missed Free Pretzel Day at work ! I wake up every morning in a bed that's too small , send my daughter to school that costs too much , and go to work for a job that pays too little , but on Pretzel Day .... well , I like Pretzel Day . 
And the eyes in his head/See the world spinning round ... 
And please don't tell me ... Perhaps , Perhaps , Perrrrhaps .... 
Here's how life works : you either ask for an apology , or you shoot people . You don't get to do both . 
Xander Crews : Hey , Douchington ! I bet I bag more birds than you ! \ 
Killface : HA ! The swamp will run red with the blood of my vicious slaughter ! 
Hank : So this has nothing to do with Triana and her dad piling junk on our front lawn ? \ 
< PROPFIRST > ( nervous ): Oh , is she out there ? \ 
Hank : < PROPFIRST > ... < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > ... when are you gonna admit it ? \ 
< PROPFIRST > : Admit what ?! \ 
Hank : Admit that I can still rock a kerchief ! 
One sound can hold back a thousand hands , when the pipe plays a tune forlorn , and the thistle is a prickly flower , aye , but how it's sweetly worn ... 
Blue is the color of the sky-y-y-y\ 
In the morning , we when rise\ 
That's the time , that's the time , \ 
I love the best . 
Rereading < PROPFIRST>'s The Rules of Attraction . What a sad bunch of morons . Actually , it'd be sad if it wasn't so hilarious . 
Oh my < PROPFEMALE > ! new Venture Bros episode was hilarious 
Excuse me , is your refrigerator running ? Cuz if it is , it probably runs a lot like you : very homosexually . 
Have the first weekend off since I got this damn job . < PROPFIRST > it down . One for the Ages . 
Walkin on down to the buryin ground , it's a very old dance with a < PROPFEMALE > old sound . 
Ewwwww the Lovebugs are back ! What's that Mr/Miss Notfromflorida ? Think it sounds cute ? Try walking out onto your balcony and having your face come into contact w/ 500 organisms fornicating like it's National Entomological Orgy Day ! Cute ...? 
It rained so hard today the roof at work couldn't even restrain it from hitting my head while inside . And I come home to find the swimming pool has overflowed all over the courtyard . At least there's no lovebugs pissin me off . 
Back from the hellish week . Trivia night at the Shamrock & Thistle . Yes , I agree , no pub should have a name that long . 
Aaaand back to work at midnight . 
Easily the most beautiful day of the year here in T-Vegas FL ... Not even < PROPMALE > LeBeau's stupid call can ruin such a day . 
Another awesome weather day . 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > . 
Ah what a nice morning . Birds are chirping . Bees are trying to have sex with them -- as is my understanding . 
Four more days and I'm back in < PROPFEMALE > . The good side this time . Cannot wait . :) 
Professor Impossible : You see , Dr Venture , I found your father's machine in my foundation years ago . Then I thought about you in Physics class ... You were a daydreamer , a sassmouth , and not infrequently a bit of a gigglepuss ... Somehow I doubt twenty years of amphetamines and failure have done much to improve that . 
I shall be strutting in Pittsburgh 23 hours from now . October in < PROPFEMALE > . Nothing better to me . 
Maeby : But we don't have to go , do we ? \ 
Michael : C'mon , this is a Bluth family celebration ... this is no place for children . \ " , 2010-10-14 02:10:43 " 
In Titusville , < PROPFEMALE > bitches . Saw leaves fall off a tree for the first time in over a year . 
If there is one thing that can be learned from EVERY action drama in the history of American television , it is that women are easily kidnapped . 
I did some research and it turns out divorce is the #2 stressful event in a person's life . Of course , marriage is #7 , so .... Look out ... everyone . It's alllll bad . 
So much for a cool breezy autumn in New Spain .... Sweatin my ass of at five in the morning at the end of October . 
My absentmindedness , in cahoots with my coffee maker , will be my undoing . 
NO residence should lose power as much as mine does . Soon as I get around to resetting the clock in my kitchen , damn power goes out again . 
Still one of the best things to do : Enjoy the sunrise while listening to the second half of < PROPFEMALE > Road . 
I'm gonna give you some terrible thrills , like a : Science Fiction Double Feature 
Called into work today . All plans eliminated . 
It's so much fun seeing everyone's great halloween weekends posted while I sit here at work . 
Another uneventful Halloween come and gone . I'd go into business for myself so I could call off whenever I wanted , but outside of killing strangers for money I lack the wherewithal for business . 
\And in her eyes you see nothing 
Ran in the rain today . Feel like a twelve year old again . A twelve year old who smokes three packs a day . heh . Ah : runs ... 
In the time of chimpanzees , I was a monkey ... 
Amazing what a mercury plummet can do for my power < PROPMALE > . Saved $30 by pushing my AC switch a centimeter to the Off position . 
Who's ready to see Aronofsky's new film ? Looks creepy as hell . 
So just realized my second twelve-hour shift this weekend is actually thirteen hours . Daylight Savings ends ? Are we really still doing that crap , despite the fact that the world did away with farmers the same day the first android was hatched ? COME ON ! 
And while I'm at it , why don't I just take a whiz on this $3500 suit ! COME ON ! 
Give in to what you cannot fight ; Walk Among Us ... 
B-b-b-benny n the jetssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
There's a destination a little up the road from the habitations of the towns we know ; a place we saw the lights turn low ; the jigsaw jazz and the jetfresh flow 
Nice , Stillers , nice . 
I learned something in that explosion : beauty doesn't last ... it can get blown off your head at any moment . 
She with all the female guile led him helpless down the aisle , she had finally made a Conquest . 
Bruins score 5 goals in the third period ? Kiddin me ? 
Dear Michael : This is a reminder that Wal-Mart NEVER has what youre looking for . Yet every two months you find yourself wandering back in there like a rat in a maze with short term memory loss , about to have another nervous breakdown . So remember : Wal-Mart Sucks . 
Ugh , terrible musicians ... it's not bad if you only know three chords , but at least play them in the right order . Think your music is what's killing the tree outside my window . 
Second attempt this week to watch < PROPFEMALE > Hall . WHAT is Woody < PROPFIRST>'s appeal ? I can't stand listening to his pretentiousness for more than 12 minutes . 
Ah , nothing like sharing an office with someone who smells like their wet dog . 
Leaving work . Breakfast . Sleep . Workout . Steelers ' Victory celebration with friends . 
Showered and ready to drink to the patriots ' imminent slapdown . Which reminds me of those Slap Chop commercials . which I am now posting . 
My bad , everyone . Definitely jinxed that game . 
Sweating my ass off . Still no empirical sign of any physical improvement . 
Psycho Killer - Qu'est que c'est - Fa fa fa FA fa fa fa fa FA fa far better 
Advice Over the Phone -\ 
Me : Just , you know , free your mind . And the rest will follow . \ 
( Pause . )\ 
Jon : Are you reciting En Vogue ? \ 
( longer pause . )\ 
Me : ... No . 
Discovery : Whenever you may find yourself in a situation where youre hungry and have no food around but do have computer , just watch that McRib commercial . You won't wanna eat for at least half a day . 
If I had the money , I'd pay back every dollar on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s fine for punching out Fat Head . Hahaha He's been deserving it his entire life . 
You know youre exhausted when you spend ten minutes trying to finger out the spare shard of eggshell from your mix and finally say , screw it -- sorry gums , and start cooking 
Yes he's leavin ... leavin on the midnight train to < PROPFEMALE > 
despises multiple choice questions where none of the offered answers comes close to what I would say . 
SO sick of this weather . 
Best midday coma ever . 
Gorgeous outside . This is much more like it . And I've had about enough of everyone badmouthing the snow . You think it's yucky now ? In't even December yet . At least enjoy it now , before it's just brown sludge in February . 
I'm the Hiphopopotamus , feels a lil like phosphorus poppin off the top of this esophagus , rockin this metropolis , i'm not a large water-dwelling mammal , where did ya get this preposterous hypothesis , did < PROPMALE > tell ya this by < PROPMALE > ....? hmm .... < PROPMALE > .... 
As much as I've outgrown the mentality of their music , oldschool From Autumn to Ashes still made some great songs 
Apparently they're just GIVING AWAY hat tricks these days . 
It's official : I have my first cold in over a decade . 
Feels like my anatomy tailor screwed up measurements when he did my skull-fitting ; my brain's bout to pop out through my eye sockets . 
Uggghhh ... Attempted cure : Soup , dextromethorphan , Tar Heels sweater w/ beanie , and good old < PROPFEMALE > Brothers movie -- Night at the Opera . 
Okay , wtf is the deal with all the stupid cartoon icons , guys ? 
I forgot how good of a movie Falling Down is . It's practically an allegory . 
Off we go in Foxboro ... 
Goddammit , get a new punter Jets ! You could at least do that if you can't play a football game 
< PROPMALE > Franzen's The Corrections . Sometimes there's a very good reason for mass appeal . 
The ornaments look pretty , but theyre pulling down the branches of the tree . 
Can I get ya a drink , < PROPFIRST > ? Fix ya something to eat ? Drive ya out in the middle of nowhere , leave ya for dead ? \ 
Naw , I'm fine , < PROPMALE > . 
What's this ? There's white things in the air ... 
Look , Zero ....... Searchlights ! 
Arthur : Right , we can talk about normality til the cows come home ... \ 
Ford : What IS normal ? \ 
Trillian : What's home ? \ 
Zaphod : What are cows ? 
Well apparently I'm getting the new profile whether I like it or not . Why give us the choice in the first place ? 
Jai guru deva ... Om . \ 
Nothing's gonna change my world . 
Twenty-five wives in the lake tonight\ 
Raw bark in the water of the marble shrine 
GOB : So you're telling me , < PROPFIRST > can't go anywhere AND he's incommunicado ? \ 
Narrator : And that's when GOB decided to steal the yacht and go to South < PROPFEMALE > for the summer . 
Pens w/o Crosby AND Malkin and guess what ? They still won , haters . 
Michael : Gob , I'm not going to turn this mock trial into some kind of ... \ 
Gob : You were going to say mockery , weren't you ? \ 
Michael : I was in trouble like three words into that . 
Wish I was in Cairo right now . They even have nobel laureate rallying , his eyes on the presidency . Good luck to you poor bastards . Rabble ! rabblerabblerabble . 
Filed for Tax Return . \So swirl that softly and slowly around your erect nipples . \ " -Xander Cruise " 
Halo Social Slayer is the only realm on Earth where the people who have absolutely no lives can make you feel bad about how inept you are at something . 
You said , i must eat so many lemons , cuz i am so bitter ... 
Xander frickin Crews ! Do you SEE the bigass sign on the front of the building ? Does it say < PROPMALE > the Big Fat Stupid Jerk Liar who Tried to Steal My Company ? NO--Building's not tall enough !! 
\Why don't you make like Siamese twins and SPLIT ... and then one of you die . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Griffen " 
Sonny : I think I can deal with these guys . Is there any special country you wanna go to ? \ 
< PROPMALE > ( pensive ): ... Wyoming . \ 
Sonny : Wyoming is -- that's not a country ... That's okay , I'll take care of things . 
Every night , a truck pulls up to my neighborhood bagel shop and pumps about a ton of flour into underground tanks , and the air is filled with white dust that never seems to land -- why is that ? 
It beginnnnnnnzzzzzzzz yinnnnnnnnzzzzz 
I swear to christ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > jinxes the steelers better than anyone else on the planet . 
Ooo , you know what's always sexy ? Fingerless gloves .... 
People I can do without : Men who call their wives Mama or , worse , Mom , even when their kids aren't within earshot . You're middle-aged and married and what you are doing is creepy . Every time you refer to your wife as Mama or , worse , Mom , you should schmanked across the mouth with a partially-thawed trout . 
Just read a 6 1/2-page paragraph and realized at the end that no new information , apart from the motivations of a completely irrelevant character , was gained . Counting the time it took me to complain about it on here to no one who cares , Dostoevsky just wasted fifteen minutes of my life . 
Wrecking and ravaging , savoring-savaging . 
There he goes : one of God's own prototypes , a high-powered mutant of some kind , too weird to live , too rare to die . 
After this weekend , finished with Astrotech ... Acabado ... And next weekend , first full weekend off since I have no idea . 
Just went out to my courtyard at four in the morning to shake trees and throw rocks in an attempt to silence or kill the birds who decide it's cool to wake up and start screaming at 2 AM . No luck . Seemed to have awakened their spiteful side . 
Dr. Girlfriend : Sweetie , isn't that the guy from Depeche Mode ? \ 
The Monarch : Oh no , wait , where ? Holy crap , he's with a girl ! \ 
Dr. Girlfriend : Oh yeah , that guy is totally straight . I saw a whole thing about him on the VH1 . \ 
The Monarch : But he's the guy from Depeche Mode . That's impossible ! \ 
Dr. Girlfriend : Straight ! \ 
The Monarch : Come on ! He's in Depeche Mode ! 
Just rewatched a West Wing episode that plays that stupid Hallelujah song . I mean , has there been a tv drama in the last ten years that DOESN'T have an episode where that ridiculous song gets played ? SO SICK of it coming back . 
< PROPMALE > : Are you prepared to do whatever your country asks of you ? \ 
Brock : Yes . \ 
< PROPMALE > : CAN you keep your mind about you when confronted w/ mind-blowing weirdness at every turn ? \ 
< PROPMALE > : Are you ready for anything ? \ 
Brock : YES . \ 
( Pause)\ 
< PROPMALE > : Are you STILL ready for anything ? \ 
Brock : Y-\ 
( < PROPMALE > hits him in the crotch ): WRONGO ! 
Dear New Spain : ENOUGH w the humidity ! It seals the remittance envelopes for my medical bills before I can even fill them . EVERY time . 
Hi ho , hi ho , it's off to work me go . 
Announcer : Ladies and gentlemen , the inventor of the environment and first emperor of the < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > Gore ! \ 
< PROPMALE > Gore : I have ridden the mighty Moon-Worm . \ 
( APPLAUSE)\ 
Fry ( clapping ): Good for him . 
Just found out you can watch Where the Buffalo Roam in its entirety on GoogleVideos\ 
Outstanding 
\Gasp . Are you God ? \ " \ 
There are no jokes . Truth is the funniest thing of all . 
That was a hard game to watch . Kinda hard to beat a team when you dont bother covering the 3 pt line . And how did this Harrelson kid make it playing basketball ? Talk about being in the wrong sport . 
things just aint the same for gangsters 
The righteous man was beat with many stripes , pipes\ 
Take in my energy , breathe but all the rest\ 
Cause the good die young and the hard die best 
