Well .. back at < PROPFEMALE > ... didn't get to go to church this mornin because of the icy roads . Missed everyone : ( but just a few more days and I'll be outta here ! 

I'm FREE !!! Done with all my exams , just not comin home quite yet . Chillin with the guys a little longer . 
One more day . 
I refuse to be just another dying < PROPFEMALE > . 
The Light shone bright in the sky , giving birth to an army that stood for His ways . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Be joyful for Christ has come ! A child was born who one day would take it all to the cross and redeem us through His blood . To redeem , set free , save , heal , and restore . Thank you Jesus ! 
The poor in spirit recognize their need for more of God ; they hunger and thirst for Him more than they do for food and water . Help me hunger and thirst for MORE of You , Your ways , Your truths , Your light , for all of You ... only You . 
Some things we aren't meant to understand . We just have to leave it to faith and know that everything is in God's hands . 
Brothers , we have an obligation—but not to the sinful nature , to live according to it . For if you live according to the sinful nature , you will die ; but if by the Spirit you put to death the misdeeds of the body , you will live , because those who are led by the Spirit of God are sons of God . For you did not receive a spirit that makes you a slave again to fear , but you received the Spirit of sonship . - Romans 8:12 -15 
Everything is packed and ready for the trip back to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . 
Warning : Red Bull may cause twitching and uncontrollable laughter ... 
Look beyond the window thereTo the sky above to the open air Look beyond what you can see Close your eyes and just believe The lion roars and the lamb lays down They live together in a whole new town They’re calling me and they’re calling you From the cold hard facts that we’re on our own To the age old truth that we’re not alone Don’t be afraid little warrior bride Your victory’s on the other side You’re not alone 
\The sight of the < PROPFEMALE > of the LORD was like a consuming fire on the top of the mountain in the eyes of the children of Israel . \ " Exodus 24:17 " 
I feel so spoiled ... God knows how blessed we are to have everything we need plus some ... 
Goin to eat supper with my cousin then it's REND time !!! 
For everything that was written in the past was written to teach us , so that through the endurance taught in the Scriptures and the encouragement they provide we might have hope . -Romans 15:4 
I'm determined ... I'm going to finish Exodus either tomorrow or the next day . Just ten chapters left !!! 
God is sooo good ! 
Is wondering why I'm getting a massive amounts of friend requests from people I don't know ... No mutual friends ... From places I've never heard of ... Am I famous ? 
Thank You for being a God of second < PROPMALE > s ! We need another < PROPMALE > so much and You freely offer it to us : ) You're amazing ! Help us forgive ourselves . 
Please be in prayer for < PROPFEMALE > Sailsbury . She is a < PROPFEMALE > University student . She has a brain tumor which has cause bleeding in her brain and is in critical condition . She is in desperate need of our prayers . DESPERATE PRAYER NEEDED FOR < PROPFEMALE > Thank you all for praying for her . 
Hey everyone , please keep praying for < PROPFEMALE > Sailsbury . She is a < PROPFEMALE > University student and has a brain tumor . The tumor has caused her to start bleeding in her brain and she is still in critical condition . Her headaches are getting worse ; however , she is now able to eat and drink better which will help her gain strength for her surgery . Please keep praying for her . 
PRAY WITHOUT CEASING FOR < PROPFEMALE > SAILSBURY SHE IS IN SURGERY RIGHT NOW BECUASE SHE WAS GETTING WEAKER AND WEAKER AND MORE UNRESPONSIVE . THE SURGERY IS 5-6 HOURS LONG , SO KEEP PRAYING ! 
You can't tell me God is not good ! < PROPFEMALE > is out of surgery and right now everything is alright ! They still want us to pray that there aren't any complications . Our God is an awesome God ! 
Oh Jesus , I can't get over how amazing You are ! You've done so much for us that we can never thank You enough . 
God , break our hearts for the things above . For Your love , grace , mercy , and compassion . Help us to seek You with our WHOLE hearts and not just give you parts of us ... You are deserving and worthy of our everything . 
To all those who have prayed for the snow ... ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > I'm not very pleased with you right now . The only plus is that < PROPFEMALE > is closed tomorrow , so I thank you dearly for that . 
\Ministry that does not spring from intimacy is merely activity without the touch of eternity\ " - < PROPFIRST > Henderson " 
Is wondering what God could do through me if I actually applied myself . 
Do you see me for who I was or who God is making me ? 
Attempting to figure some things out ... 
Sometimes I wish people could read my mind ... 
One of those days ... Tomorrow come quickly . 
\For out of the overflow of his heart his mouth speaks . \ " < PROPMALE > 6:45 b " 
You give and take away . You give and take away . My heart will choose to say , Lord , Blessed be Your name . Thank you Jesus for everything You have blessed me with , I don't deserve it . 
Just got back from North < PROPFEMALE > and I had a blast . Now I can't wait for this weekend so I can go home !!! 
Everyone needs compassion , Love that's never failing ; Let mercy fall on me . Everyone needs forgiveness , The kindness of a Saviour ; The Hope of nations . Everyone needs compassion , Love that's never failing ; Let mercy fall on me . Everyone needs forgiveness , The kindness of a Saviour ; The Hope of nations . 
Gotta love it when people trip out because they can't find their stuff and it's where you told them to check like 30 minutes ago but they just refuse to listen ... Kinda like < PROPFEMALE > Smith and her phone , right < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ? 
Sigh ... 
Ok ... so ... God is amazing ... I need to talk to a couple people tomorrow and tell them about it . 
Hear the holy roar of God resound Watch the waters part before us now Come and see what He has done for us Tell the world of His great love Our God is a God who saves Our God is a God who saves Let God arise Let God arise Our God reigns now and forever He reigns now and forever His enemies will run for sure The church will stand she will endure He holds the keys of life our Lord Death has no sting no final word 
has feet 
Don't try , just do ! 
Can't wait for REND tonight ! Gonna be great . I'm ready to go and pray , but noooo I have to sit in class . 
Words cannot express how amazing God truly is ! I am in awe of the things that I see Him do for us ! Holy is the Lord , God Almighty , the earth is filled with His < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Arise , My love , arise , My love . The grave no longer has a hold on You . No more death's sting . No more suffering . Arise ! Arise ! Sin , where are your shackles ? Death , where is your sting ? Hell has been defeated , the grave could not hold the < PROPMALE > ! 
Thank you God ... for everything . 
Been through the fire and the rain Bound in every kind of way But God has broken every chain So let me go right now Take the shackles off my feet so I can dance I just wanna praise you I just wanna praise you You broke the chains now I can lift my hands And I'm gonna praise you I'm gonna praise you 
You are the source of life I can't be left behind No one else will do I will take hold of You I need You Jesus , I need You Jesus My heart is Yours for life I need Your hand in mine No one else will do Lord I put my trust in You I need You Jesus to come to my rescue Where else can I go ? There's no other Name by which I am saved Capture me with grace I will follow You 
Hmm ... Wonderin what God is goin to do next ! It's gonna be big though , I know that much =D 
Wondering if it is wise to be drinkin Mountain Dew before I go to the WATCH when I'm already hyper and excited ... 
I love discussing contravercial topics in class : ) It makes for an interesting day ! 
REND was amazing ... of course ! Like always . I saw God workin in some people while we were there . Thinkin it's time for some BREAKTHROUGH ! 
Yes it is 3 in the morning and no I'm not asleep yet ... Not sure why ... I was lying in bed for about ... oh an hour and a half , then I decided to forget sleep because who really needs it right ? Bah ! I have a feeling tomorrow is going to be a LONG day . Prayers needed lol ! 
Time for some church ! =D 
Well ... now that I'm 3/4 of the way done with part 1 of my project in Theology ... I think I'm going to go ahead and go to bed ... I have 2 exams tomorrow afternoon so I'm gonna have to get up and study for those ... prayers needed lol ! 
Not only so , but we also rejoice in our sufferings , because we know that suffering produces perseverance ; perseverance , character ; and character , hope . And hope does not disappoint us , because God has poured out his love into our hearts by the Holy Spirit , whom he has given us . -Romans 5:3 -5 
I love praying for people in my dreams and waking myself up because I'm praying out loud . 
The more you hear the truth that you are loved , the more you believe it . The more you hear the truth that God will never forsake you , the more you believe it . The more you hear the truth that He died for you , the more you believe it . The more you hear the truth that Jesus saves , the more you believe it . 
Westboro Baptist Chuch is coming to < PROPFEMALE > Tech to protest the memorial for the people who were murdered ... Bah ! Absolutely drives me crazy ... 
2 in the morning and I just caught up on Lost ... pretty successful night in my opinion : ) 
We will overcome , by the blood of the Lamb and the word of our testimony . Everyone overcomes , by the blood of the Lamb and the word of our testimony . 
Yay ! Once again , God blessed us with another great night of prayer . It never fails ... if you are in awe of Him , He will always show you more ! God is good ! 
You know you're out of shape when you crave Bugles after you exercise ... 
Nothing is impossible for You , nothing is impossible for You . You hold my world in Your hands ... Jesus , You're all I need . 
Possibly the most beautiful day ever , sittin outside and doin some homework . 
Had an awesome day . Just finished studying for my Philosophy test and I'm gonna have to study some more tomorrow ... Please pray for me lol ! I'm gonna need it . 
BASKETBALL ! 
I trust in You , Jesus , I trust in You ! I believe You're my Healer ; I believe You're all I need . I believe You're my Portion ; I believe You're more than enough for me . Jesus You're all I need . 
Here I stand before You , before Your throne of grace . To find help in time of need , to seek Your lovely face . God of < PROPFEMALE > . God of power . God of majesty . Father I come to You , Through the blood of Christ . I bring to You an offering of a consecrated life . God of < PROPFEMALE > . God of power . God of majesty . 
I declare over you , God has given you the air . God has given you the air , so fly . It's time to spread out your wings . It's time to shake off the things that hold you down . It's time to spread out your wings and fly . Just fly ... fly . -\Fly\ " by < PROPFIRST > Upton " 
You won't relent until You have it all My heart is Yours I'll set You as a seal upon my heart As a seal upon my arm For there is love that is as strong as death Jealousy demanding as the grave Many waters cannot quench this love Come be the fire inside of me Come be the flame upon my heart come be the fire inside of me Until You and I are one 
Facebook is at it again ... violating your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " 1 . Go to Account 2 . Privacy Settings 3 . Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow\ " . Pleas ... e pass this msg on .. " 
Well ... God is at it again ... Showin us how much He loves us and desires to bless us . Thank You for everything You are doing in my life , because the ONLY thing that's good in me is You . More of You , less of me ... 
Late night at the computer lab . Gotta get some work done . The Watch was beyond amazing tonight ... We were definitely in the presence of Royalty =D 
My soul longs for You , my soul longs for You . Nothing else will do , nothing else will do . I believe You will come like the rain . So let it rain , let it rain , let it rain . Hallelujah , Hallelujah , You make all things new , all things new . Hallelujah , Hallelujah , You make all things new , all things new . 
Where You go , I go . What You say , I say , God . What You pray , I pray . What You pray , I pray . Where You go , I go . What you say , I say , God . What You pray , I pray . What You pray , I pray . What the world seems to forget , we will not forget who You are and what You've done for us ... What You've done for us . 
In the Clab studyin for my New Testament final at 1 . 
I am a silly little girl ! And I am terrible at Warhammer and that horrible game Starcraft that I always get beat at ! Starcraft is for silly people . And < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > are SOOOOOO much better at video games than I could ever HOPE to be ! You guys are my heroes !!! 
The Holy One of < PROPMALE > is on my mind 
We are the generation that will respond to You , oh God . We hear You calling out our name . Here , here I will respond to You , I will respond to You . Jesus , here , here I will respond to You , I will respond to You . Woah oh oh oh , Woah oh oh oh , I hear You calling . 
Can't wait for the Night of Fire tomorrow ... Expectin ' to encounter the Holy One of < PROPMALE > . 
Worship is not music , worship is not songs . Those are expressions of worship . Worship cannot be confined to a box . Worship is simply our connection to Him . 
Hey guys , be careful about the virus that is going across Facebook through private messaging . Try not to open any links because that is how the virus spreads . 
Oh it's so true that I need You every hour ... every minute of every day I need You by my side leading me by still waters . 
I'm confused ... 
Rough day ... Bah ! Starting all over again tomorrow ... 
My soul aches for God . My innermost being aches for the Lover of my soul . I need Him and only Him . There is nothing more , and nothing less will satisfy . I need You ! 
Well ... apparently I'm living on Campus East again next semester ... 
Yay ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , my laptop works right now : ) 
Pushin ' through ... 
The angels of God march into battle bearing a banner that declares the victorious name of the LORD ! 
Can't believe I have only 1 room mate again . Second year in a row that I should've had two but didn't =D 
Yay ! I know my alphabet ! 
Very pleased with convo this morning ... especially hearing the entire university singing \Jesus Paid It All\ " ... it was absolutely beautiful . " 
Change of plans ... Not goin to Refresh tonight ... gonna do some homework and rest up for the Night of Prayer . Gonna be a great night !!! 
Uh oh ... A venti white chocolate mocha frappacino made with espresso not coffee =D It's gonna be a good night ! 
The rocks will not have to cry out to You because I will praise Your holy name ! 
Sin has lost it's power , death has lost it's sting . From the grave You've risen , VICTORIOUSLY ! Into marvelous light I'm running , out of darkness , out of shame . By the cross You are the Truth , You are the Life , You are the Way . 
Wow , blown away by tonight's Spiritual Emphasis Week message and worship . Both were absolutely amazing ... it's a shame it didn't last a couple hours longer though lol : ) Coulda stayed there aaaallllllll night . 
Rend tonight at 8 ! Come out to the prayer chapel tonight if you can . 
Watched \Furious Love\ " for the second time and it was great ... again ! " 
Oh and thanks for the coffee pot ! 
\Prayer - The slender nerve the moves the muscles of Omnipotence . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Sturgeon " 
The WATCH !!! Here I come ! 
Two tests tomorrow so I'm off to bed to get a good nights sleep . Humanities and Greek test so prayin that God brings to remembrance all the things that I've been taught ! 
Just said \pop\ " and I got called a northerner ... You'd think my accent would've prevented that statement . " 
Influential leaders make habits of things that nobody else wants to do . 
Well ... hopped over ledges , outran cheetahs , dropkicked a horse , and slain the seven headed dragon of reggae trying to make it to the < PROPFEMALE > Express bus ... typical morning with < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
I forgot how much I loved green beans until tonight ! Now I'm gonna be cravin them for a couple weeks ... 
Asleep in the C-Lab ... 
Computer lab again ! Time to get some work done =] 
I love having dreams about Jesus and prayer . 
God is absolutely , postively , without a shadow of a doubt , completely , entirely , phenomenally AWESOME ! Just so you know =] 
Well ... put on my second pot of coffee for the night ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Brockman for my \I love Jesus a latte\ " coffee mug ... definitely putting it to good use right now =] " 
Will we ever return to the mindset that success is measured by integrity , virtue , and character ? 
O Holy Night ! The stars are brightly shining , \ 
It is the night of the dear Saviour's birth . \ 
Long lay the world in sin and error pining . \ 
Till He appeared and the Spirit felt its worth . \ 
A thrill of hope the weary world rejoices , \ 
For yonder breaks a new and glorious morn . \ 
Fall on your knees ! Oh , hear the angel voices ! \ 
O night divine , the night when Christ was born ; \ 
O night , O Holy Night , O night divine ! 
Registered for my classes for next semester ... all of them are going to be in the Religion Hall : ) 
Why is it that the examples in the bible are extraordinary people and we find no mediocrity ?! Because we are called to do things greater than Jesus did because He now goes to the Father ! He is interceding on our behalf and we have the power of the Holy Spirit within us , dwelling there , rising up and eagerly awaiting for us to rely on Him so He can show Himself strong ! 
YEAH ! Acts paper just got pushed back until next Tuesday ! 
Well ... I got cool-whipped in the face tonight ! Made my day ! 
So I wept much , because no one was found worthy to open and read the scroll , or to look at it . But one of the elders said to me , “Do not weep . Behold , the Lion of the tribe of Judah , the Root of < PROPFIRST > , has prevailed to open the scroll and to loose its seven seals . ” Then He came and took the scroll out of the right hand of Him who sat on the throne . -Revelation 5:5 , 7 
Last Rend before Thanksgiving break tonight ! 
Wishes people could understand the love You have lavished me with . 
In the CLAB workin on a paper for my Acts class ... or about to start anyway ... Facebook always seems to get priority lol ! 
Thank you Lord that you paid the price once and for all , showing us that we can NOT work our way into heaven or work to keep salvation , but that through You alone , we have access to the Father ! 
ok ... I have a 10 < PROPFEMALE > paper due tomorrow ... So I am going to have to say goodbye to facebook until I'm done - this statement is to hold me accountable !!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is the coolest person i know !!! <3 
One day I wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice 
Just realized that I have a 480 level class next semester and i signed up for classes a month ago ... feelin the intimidation ... 
There's still so much I don't know . 
\Giving in its purest form expects nothing in return . \"" 
... Reality TV shows make me want to vomit ... jus bein honest . 
I'm not going to go backwards or stand still , but I am going to press forward toward You God ! All to You , I surrender everything , every part of me . 
Where You go , I'll go . Where You stay , I'll stay . When You move , I'll move . I will follow You . Who You love , I'll love . How You serve , I'll serve . If this life I lose , I will follow You . I will follow You . 
\Rise and rise again until lambs become lions . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Hood " 
By looking and focusing upon the cross , you begin to see through the heart and eyes of God . Never look away ! 
Yeah ! < PROPFEMALE > just put Radford down in basketball ! 
<---- Doesn't look like me ! 
No matter the circumstances , I will continually say of You God that You are truly good ! 
Well ... it's midnight and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and I just had a full course meal ... what do you think < PROPFEMALE > Ellzey ? 
Thankful for the amazing people that God has placed in my life ! 
Truly overwhelmed and in awe of the goodness of God ! 
Be praying - Tsunami Alert for New Zealand , the Philippines , Indonesia , Papua New Guinea , Hawaii , and others . Waves expected over the next few hours , caused by 8.9 earthquake in Japan . 
Going to miss Blue Ridge worship this weekend but excited about PBC Sunday ! 
Well ... leavin the burg to head home . 
“I do believe ; help me overcome my unbelief ! ” - < PROPFIRST > 9:24 
Went out to get some McDonald's and ended up driving around for 2 hours . 
Work tomorrow , then church , then hopefully I'll finish my book so I can finish another one so I can finish another one , etc . lol ! A few more days until I'm back in the Burg . Wanting to learn more . 
Jesus , if the eyes are the window to the soul , then allow me to gaze into Your eyes so I can know You more ! 
Hebrews 12:29 \For our God is a consuming fire . \ " Consume me God with ALL of YOU ! " 
Such a good day , Jesus is absolutely amazing ! 
It is at your salvation that you are sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise . God has set a seal upon us , we belong to Him and He has sealed us by the Holy Spirit of God . When He looks upon His believers , He sees His < PROPFIRST > of approval , never forsaking or turning from those who have been sealed because of the blood of Christ Jesus our Lord . 
Hungry to learn more about You , Jesus ! Teach me more . 
One word ... LIIIIBBEERRRTTTYYYY !!! 
ATTENTION FAMILY AND FRIENDS - READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS ... TO GET THE WORD OUT : If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service , do NOT click it . It's a virus . Please post this on your own site for your friends - take care its a strong virus . 
Oh that God would make us dangerous ! - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Your love never fails , never gives up , never runs out on me ... so why should mine fail , give up , or run out on others ? 
\Now I sing freedom for all of my days . It's only by the power of the cross I'm raised . The < PROPMALE > of < PROPFEMALE > rescued me . How beautiful the blood flow ... \"" 
Praying for those that were affected by the tornados back home last night . 
All things we do in our finite strength will likewise be finite unless it is accompanied by the infinite strength of the infinite God . 
well ... signed up for classes for next semester ... and I am officially scared lol ! 
Baaaa raaaam eeewe , baaaa raaaaam eeeeewe . 
We live for one reason : To glorify our risen < PROPMALE > ! He is worthy ! 
Never thought I'd say this but ... I'm eating sushi and I actually really like it ! California rolls are legit . 
Gonna destroy this paper ! If only Facebook wasn't here to distract me ... 
Your love never fails , never gives up , never runs out on me ! Because on and on and on and on it goes . For it overwhelms and satisfies my soul . And I never , ever , have to be afraid . One thing remains ... 
What to do , what to do ... 
I'm confused , did the early church rejoice when those that persecuted them died ? Should we truly be rejoicing for the fact that a soul stands before judgment unprepared ? Have we as Christians failed to reach out to even the most hated in the world ? To me , this constitutes a need of prayer for hearts and minds like Christ . 
Departing from < PROPFEMALE > after this weekend to apply the things I've been learning . Excited to see what God is going to do this summer . 
Last full day at < PROPFEMALE > ... sad day =[ 
Time to beast this 7 < PROPFEMALE > paper ... let's see how much Facebook distracts me ... It has done pretty well so far . 
Oh what I would do to go to Sweet Frog right about now ... 
Finding it easier to type my paper if I close my eyes ... of course ... it's also easier to fall asleep . 
Congrats to my friends who graduated today ! Thankful for you all ! 
Yep ... missin < PROPFEMALE > lol . Only 3 months away ! 
What has come over me ? Have I seriously just completed an assignment 6 days early ?! I must be sick ... 
Now I'll sing freedom for all of my days , it's only by the power of the cross I'm raised . The < PROPMALE > of < PROPFEMALE > rescued me ! How beautiful the blood flowed , how merciful the love shown . The < PROPMALE > of < PROPFEMALE > poured out . Victorious are we now ! 
I really don't like being hunted and followed in dreams ... 
This made me laugh so hard \Lifetime ! The Craiglist Killer ... \"" 
So I'll stand with arms high and heart abandoned , in awe of the One who gave it all . I'll stand , my soul , Lord , to You , surrendered . All I am , is Yours ! I will stand ... 
I really hope and pray that today doesn't turn people away from the love of God because of what a small number of people are proclaiming ... 
Is slowly coming to the conclusion that I am a very strange kid ... I get WAY too excited about random things . 
Oh , Mountain Dew is a BEAUTIFUL blessing from God ! 
Oh , Jesus , how I love you ! Help me love You more ! 
Be praying for Texas and the people living close to Dallas/Fort Worth area . Severe storms/tornadoes in the area . 
Tornado just south of < PROPFIRST > . 
\You have calmed greater waters and higher mountains have come down \"" 
Reports say there is a drastic decrease in Facebook activity from the hours of 3-7 in the morning . These reports have concluded that is due to the humans natural behavior to go into a comatose state called sleep . This activity eludes me tonight . 
Yeah ! The WATCH : Come Alive finally released on iTunes ! Can't wait to listen to it ! 
Well , just finished unpacking from college . Room looks MUCH cleaner . Almost up to par . 
My God's not dead , He's surely alive . He's living on the inside , roaring like a lion ! 
Just had a dream the trees were preparing themselves for God to send rain , certain of it's coming . So the church gathered together and sang , \Let It Rain . \ " ... Interesting nap . " 
Ready for a road trip . So I think I'm going to settle with weed eating ... sigh lol . 
All sin leads to death , but Christ came so we might have life , and have it more abundantly . Don't settle for less than what God is willing and wanting to give you , because it's greater than you can imagine ... the same love that swallowed the grave . 
\It's outside of man to become a good man . It's something that must come from the work of God in the soul . \"" 
Aaaand I have to wait 2 more weeks before I find out about the job ... lol ... sigh . 
I'm undeserving of everything You have given me , but Jesus , I want more of You . 
So I have had my computer for 2 years and I just now found out that I have a built in mic ... wow ... 
In all honesty , I can't explain what's on my mind right now . All I know is , I love Jesus , and I want more of Him . 
Immerse us in Your love God ! Show us the deeper things of You ! 
Lynchburg bound in 60 minutes !!! 
This is our war cry ! We are soldiers marching into battle carrying the armor of the LORD ! 
There is no one else for me , none but Jesus . Crucified to set me free . Now I live to bring Him praise . 
\Grace understood is holiness desired . \"" 
To my brothers and sisters in the faith , \rejoice because your names are written in heaven . \ " - < PROPMALE > 10:20 b " 
My God calms seas and breathes stars ... 
Shine bright , let Your < PROPFEMALE > fill this land . Lift high the < PROPMALE > of < PROPMALE > s and great I AM . Jesus , You are the Way . You are the Way ... 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes - For the Facebook messages , texts , and phone calls . 
So ready for the weekend ... 
Weekend with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! YAY ! 
Missin my PBC family today . I know God's going to do some cool things over there ( He always does ) . =] 
\Prayer is the slender nerve that moves the muscle of omnipotence . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Spurgeon " 
Abiding in Christ gives us the ability to persevere through the storms that come our way . Abide in Him and seek His kingdom first . 
Bed time . Trigger Conference day 2 at Pioneer Baptist Church tomorrow !!! 
Ha ! Trigger ... Jesus ... Wow !!! More please =] 
So I have a bad feeling that after an unintentional 4 hour nap I'll probably be up most of the night ... 
\Your love is awaking us ... \"" 
Yep ... ready for Wednesday ! =] 
God has raised us up to be loved and to love . 
Life sure does change quickly . 
“ ... ' Speak , for Your servant is listening . ' ” - 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:10 
Surprised I actually slept through the entire night without waking up once haha , that never happens =] 
Tomorrow needs to hurry up =] 
Too hyper/excited to sit here much longer ... Chicago bound ! 
I could see myself working at an airport serving food . There's so many people it's exciting =] 
He's talking about jelly beans ... maybe he sells them ... maybe he has some ... maybe he wants to share 
Tomorrow you will live in the fruit of what is sown today . Determine and carefully choose what you want the fruit of your future to be . 
This won't be just another thing , it has birthed in me an even greater < PROPFEMALE > for the God of heaven . Draw me close to You , Jesus . 
\My heart is held by love so unconditional . \ " -I Want to Know You by Jesus Culture " 
Just woke up from an amazing dream . I love You Jesus ! And there is nothing I want more ! 
Well ... 1 more day and I've got waaaay too much to do haha ! 
Well , last night in < PROPMALE > Meadows for a while . < PROPFEMALE > bound tomorrow after church with my PBC family =] 
=] 
\This is how we know what love is : Jesus Christ laid down His life for us . And we ought to lay down our lives for our brothers and sisters . \ " - 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:16 " 
=] Refresh 9 PM in Demoss 4046 !!! Spread the word ! 
Jesus is so faithful ! He really does blow me away =] 
Just finished my first P90X workout ... yeah , that's right ... I'm about to die lol ! 
Overwhelmed by the goodness of God ... He truly is GOOD ! 
The world will never be changed by an idle man . 
Go Pack go ! 
Well ... I misplaced my phone ... hopefully it's at church . 
Just got an early Christmas present haha ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > Burnette ! 
?????? 
??? ??? ????? ?? ???? ?????? ? ???????, ???? ??? ????? ????? ?????? ??? ??? ??????? ?? ????????? ?? ????????? ?? ? ??? ??????? ????. - Acts 4:12 
Wow ... it's colder here than in Toronto , Canada ... do you see something wrong with this picture ? 
< PROPMALE > 5:16 \But Jesus often withdrew to lonely places and prayed . \"" 
finally tried a Reese's Cup ! I seriously didn't realize what I was missing out on ! It's like they were crafted by Angels ! 
Wow ... 60 notifications ... I'm gonna kick someone ... 
really really needs to learn to log out of Facebook ... it's becoming a problem ! 
literally thought he was gonna explode when they went into over time !!! These games can be so stressful on a person . Hopefully next week they just win so I won't have to get too crazy 
