Siiiigh court costs .... 

bitch .... I'm < PROPMALE > Riggz ... 
People who say effing irritate me ... unless its about cat mayne and his effin grooming ... 
In a world of Ronin to hold onto your ancestors is most commendable 
What if God ... was one of you ? 
lame lame laaaaaame .... LaamaaAaamaaMAmamamemerklwejhfjkowehfjkwehfjkh 
Damn I'm so aggitated lately ... 
No serenades , no fire brigades . Just a pyromania ! 
Mase , P Diddy , Lil < PROPFIRST > , AND System of a Down made a song together ?.... nutz mode . 
mmmm black angus in mushroom sauce ftw 
God damn I'm pale ..... 
Some sick bastard canceled his Cartoon Network , SciFi channel , and just about everything else ... Way to fuck up my awesome stolen cable 
Come on , Barbie ... lets go party 
Weekend and everything is over but I'm still grinding my teeth ... 
Life is waaaaaay too fucked up . 
Action League .... NOW 
Long drawn out sigh . 
It's one thing when someone holds a grudge and chooses random times to let that stupidity rear it's ugly head ... but it's another thing when it's supposed to be your best friend .... 
Trying to pass on a full blooded < PROPMALE > Shepherd . She's been fixed and has her shots , she just needs a good home with people who are going to make her an integral part of their family . We just have too many pets . 
Fuck ... fuck ... and fuck .... fuck that ... and that ... go fuck yourself .. and ... fuck off ... Fuck ..... Fuckidall 
Fuck you , Fuck me , Fuck all of us .... we're all fucked and damn she's fucked , he's fucked ... we're all fucked ! 
Fuck 
Alcohol = the worst invention ever 
Alcohol , Old Memories , Dehydration .... Totally equals straight disaster . Titty pitz .... 
They < PROPFIRST > first blood , not fucking me ! 
Whiiiiiiiiiite Giiiiiiiirlz 
Why is it that we so quickly resort to physical violence ? Isn't outsmarting someone more embarassing ? 
Kiss my sunburned ass .... 
Jeeezuz I hate being sick . 
That's what you get for being a scheming bitch ! 
Psycho 
Damn ... everyone seems to be dodging me like I have the plague . 
Insane .... Crazy ... whatever ... 
So < PROPFEMALE > Palin is SERIOUSLY stuck on climbing , crawling , and clawing for the limelight ... bitch just let your career end . You weren't fit to be Governor of Alaska .. not to even mention VP of the whole country .... hoe 
She's TOTALLY gone now ... so I guess I need to head the fuck outta here . 
Uuuugh shittiest day ever ... I can feel it already . 
The Universe is suuuuch a biiiiitch . 
Captain Planet ? He's a hero ? Gonna take pollution down to zero !? 
Wish I was someplace awesome as hell ... Key West , Fiji , Netherlands , Australia ... take your pick 
Anyone have a copy of Evil Dead 2 I can borrow ? It's the only one I haven't seen in the trilogy and it pisses me off ... Ash forever . 
Squats , lunges , and running in general .... Ugh . 
South Park & Simpsons > American Dad , Family Guy , and < PROPMALE > Show 
I've been around the world and found out only stupid people are breeding .... The cretins cloning and feeding .... and I don't even own a TV 
So my < PROPMALE > cat just basically raped my female cat .... I thought we had his nuts snipped off for a reason . 
The optimist says this glass is half full , the pessimist says this glass is half empty , and the rationalist thinks the glass is twice as big as it needs to be . 
Sick as a dog ... couldn't find my phone for the longest time because it died ... I think the stomach flu is going around . No food for me . 
Fallout : New Vegas .... possibly one of the 10 best things to ever happen to gaming . A good reason to own a PS3 , X-box 360 , or Computer . Fable 3 on Sunday , got it preordered on 360 .. Don't expect to hear from me for like ... 8 weeks . 
So Limewire has had a court order to stop sharing files . Yay another win for the overly inflated music industry . Just a bunch of hacks claiming they love to make music but just proving they love to make money way more . Stop charging 20 bucks for an 80% shitty album ... 
Anyone else cover up their built-in webcam because they are afraid of people trying to watch them ? I hate cameras ... they steal your soul ! ( R.L. Stein ? ) 
Daaaamn they found the lost scenes of < PROPMALE > Langs ' Metropolis . Greaaat < PROPMALE > film . 
Can't we do another Army of Darkness or Evil Dead flick ? I mean come on ... while < PROPMALE > Campbell is still alive . Just one last movie about a middle aged/older Ash . 
Man ... why are people so retarded ? By people I mean everyone .. myself , included . Hindsight is 20 x 20 , sadly ... 
Did you know when Vin Diesel was a bouncer , he used to play Dungeons and Dragons in his offtime ? His defense was that he used to play before video games became a viable choice at the homestead ... So buff , so cool ... yet still so nerdy . Good man . 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days . Please repost this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE ON EVERYONES WALL " 
Fuuuuuuck < PROPFIRST > Beck and his psychotic rants ... just had to get that out . 
When it rains , it pours .... 
Charming yet undeserving .... Deserving yet not charming ... can't have everything in the world I guess ... 
Life is pretty damn funny ... 
I'm a pussy , punk bitch , banana hammock wearing , retarded bastard , crap eater . 
I had to clone a dinosaur and reverse engineer his farts to get it just right . 
I was so worried no one would have Assassins Creed : Brotherhood in stock ... I walk into Best Buy and a whole damn stack of Black Ops and Creed is staring me in the face . Basically my face melted . 
Confused ... but not in a good way 
Mindblowing fucking headaches ... 
Not ... even .... worth it 
Obama < FDR 
Damn the Hulk is such a beast ... it's not even fair ... 
Assassins Creed : Brotherhood ... because using a hooker to break your fall is probably the funniest thing in history . 
Just beat Assassins Creed Brotherhood .... Always more questions than answers at the end of these games .... 
I love when someone is trying to tell you the same thing over and over again ... but really they are just trying to convince themselves ... fun stuff 
A hot shower should wash my brain out ... 
You know what I miss ? < PROPFEMALE > cigarettes .... 
You ever see two really drunk people start making out ... then think to yourself ... wait ... isn't that the one person who just got done puking all over the porch ? Tasty .... 
Tacos for breakfast ... awesome ... oh ... and fuck the rainforest . 
You will never win ! 
Dizamn I love spaghetti 
I know other people are playing CoD : Black Ops on 360 ... lets party up . 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status & invite your friends to do the same ! 
Walk .... don't run ... It's the Blob ! 
Batteries ... the bane of my existence . 
Not only is it cold as shit ... snowing .. but now my truck battery is dead . Friggin sweet . 
Losing is okay when you do your best and fail . When you're distracted by other things and fail you only have yourself to blame .... especially with a multimillion dollar contract . Get your head out of your ass prioritize , Manning . 
Predictable 
Two days til Georges St-Pierre puts Koscheck in his place . 
I thought this was called Call of Duty . Not Camp of Duty . 
Irritatingly predictable . 
Remember when video games were 40 bucks and gave you at least 20 hours of gameplay ? Now you buy a 60 dollar game for 9 hours of intense gameplay and then you shell out another 30 bucks to complete a game you should've already had a full version of ... way to sell out ... 
RCXD < Spyplane 
So my X-box live Gold expires the day after Christmas .... so ... ya know .. hint hint ... Christmas present hint . 
Jeezuz I hate puns . 
So I was asked to send a picture of my penis to someone today ... Shit ... want me to sign it , copy it , and just post fliers ? 
Music hath charms to soothe a savage breast , to soften rocks , or bend a knotted oak . - < PROPFIRST > Congreve 
I didn't know being an underhanded little bitch was a team sport ... 
Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance . - Sun Tzu 
When I am President of the World I'm going to make it legal for me to marry Wild < PROPFEMALE > Pepsi ..... God I fucking love Pepsi ... 
Shhh shhh ... you hear that ? That's the rest of the world not giving two shits . 
No more spicy chimichungas ... My body can't handle it anymore haha 
Happy Wookie Life Day everyone ! 
Ahhh awkward situations in line at Meijer ... my nose was stuffed up and made a sharp whistling sound ... the cute girl in front of me thought I was whistling at her and gave me a look ... Awesome . 
You know what makes for horrible facebook status updates ? Song lyrics .... especially cheesy song lyrics . 
Mmmmm < PROPFEMALE > Coffee ... The alcoholic way to start your day ! 
Have money but no one to get drunk with this New Years/GFUDia ! So if anyone wants to chill let me know . 
Needz me spinach before I play Black Ops ... 
Don't call me immature just because I don't have the same priorities you do ... I didn't make a bunch of bad decisions straight out of high school that would weigh down the rest of my life with responsibility ... I'm 22 , going to enjoy life , and not worry about anything besides having a steady job and an education . 
Pinky : Why , Brain ? What are we going to do tomorrow night ? 
I don't care what people say about you , bologna . You are tasty . 
Damn ... Felt amazing when I woke up ... now I just feel sick and all ... vomity ... if that's a word lol . Then I saw < PROPFIRST > Tylers face on American Idol for a minute .. thought he was the wicked witch from Oz and changed the channel . 
Some people don't get over anything , man ... ever ... grow up , please . 
