goes in for a second shift at the steakhouse soon . 

doesn't like how facebook forces you to refer to yourself in the third person like a jackass . 
I need help with Facebook . 
figured it out . 
What do I want to have for lunch ? 
and < PROPFEMALE > are having fun making soaps and candles . 
to work , to work , it's off to work I go ... 
has decided to try to give Ziggy more attention so he will calm the hell down with the squawking . 
why don't these damn note forward thingies give you a list of your friends on here to choose from because honestly I can't remember who the hell all I have on here to send the note to when I'm trying to type the names in . 
My feet hurt . 
My whole body hurts . I've worked 24 of the last 48 hours . Not that I'm complaining - I need the money . p.s. - < PROPFEMALE > , I know you can one-up me ; you've probably worked 40 of the last 48 hours or something crazy like that . 
My butt , arms and neck hurt . :( 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Yesterday I told < PROPFEMALE > that I thought that the television was evil and that it sucks me in and before I know it all my precious time is gone . Today I watched the last half hour of Dr. < PROPMALE > ( shut up ) and by a Supreme Act of the Will of God turned it off and finished reading Iodine by Haven Kimmel ( intricate and wonderful ) , did some laundry , and now < PROPFIRST > Springer is on in the background and I'm waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to 
come home and help me decide what to eat and then the plan is to go get groceries and then I have to go to work . 
Dear Amber : Sugar in the morning is NOT a good idea . You know what happens when you do that . Dear Maggie : Why did you bring waffles into the house ? You know what happens when you do that . 
sooooo tie-erd . and hot . and thirsty . ugh . 
The problem is you don't know if you're stepping on a doodie or a pine cone . 
What's the difference between a toilet seat and a waitress ? A toilet seat waits on one asshole at a time . 
Oh ! Here we go ! Here we go ! It's almost 5am ! I've been waiting for 5am all night ! What's next ? 6am ! Yay ! 
At the end of my walk this morning there was the smell of laundry and grape popsicle in the air . Very pleasant . Also , it was very chilly this morning . My favorite season is on the way ! 
Rough day at work today - now I remember why I don't do Sunday at Texas . Needy , rude tables . I've always felt sorry for the moles in the whack-a-mole game . 
My walk this morning : old woman gaining on me , then passing me , then gaining distance . 
How're ya'll doin ' them heart things on here ? 
Sure you could clean the < PROPFIRST > Foreman grill . That would be fine . OR you could let the cat lick it . 
7:30 pm and I feel like I took a sleeping pill . Also , hungry . Wait . Did somebody slip me a Seroquel ? I could've sworn I was off that stuff . 
I need some damn earmuffs . Where the hell are the earmuffs this season ? What , are earmuffs not in vogue for 2010 ? What , my people , I ask you , have we come to when earmuffs are no longer in style for winter-weather wear ? 
wants to meet the deadline for a writing contest tomorrow 
I finished my story . I'm tired , I guess ?, a little delirious . Wondering how that ( the deliriousness ) has affected the writing . 
Do you know what it's like to have God light your ear wax on fire ? I do . I had the t.v. on in the living room for background noise and I just heard < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and Hoda on the Today show singing along to \God Blessed the Broken Road . \"" 
Listenin ' to the rain .... 
boilin ' some eggs 
Glad to be getting over my cold and back to my morning walks ! 
Hi . My left tonsil is covered in puss and the lymphnodes in my neck are the size of golfballs . Nice visual ? TMI ? Here's some more : I got a massive shot of steroids in my rear today to help the lymphnodes go down . I have a band-aid on my butt . Thank you , you're welcome . 
I made it out to Wal-Mart yesterday for gatorade and a new toothbrush . But wait - what fresh , new hell is this ? Antibiotic turning my guts to mush . Lovely . 
Joining the fight ... Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . 
I just changed my blogger profile ; I set \industry\ " to \ " non-profit . \ " Occupation remains the same : \ " waitress . \ " It fits . " 
oy . 
I got the most awesomest scarf at the wal-marts today and I had to wrap it around my neck about a dozen times ' cause it was so long and then I went for a walk and my neck sweated , like , SO BAD ! It totally did . For reals . That scarf works good , yo . Maybe a little too good . 
