sorry < PROPFEMALE > - the gig is up- your mom says she knows ... 

is a ladies man . 
I have a choice view overlooking the valley . The view is pretty hard to beat . However , right in front of that view lyes a brown , slightly worn fence , blocking a lot of what could be seen . I've thought about going out there and cutting a hole right where the window is , but , I don't think that my landlord would appreciate that . So thus , I am left with my choice . Do I look at the fence or what is beyond ? 
Wisdom is knowing how to love the world . 
One of the hardest lessons of life is learning that doing a positive thing does not always appear to have a positive outcome . The true test of bravery is choosing to see the positive anyway . 
Please visit my new blog at thelifeofrileydt.blogspot.com 
So often we drown ourselves in the tangible that we can't feel the intangible screaming for air . 
I put my guinea pigs , Bumper , Bannana , and < PROPFEMALE > in the window sill , that I waterproofed , so that I didn't have to smell them . Genius if I do say so myself . I also put an electric blanket around their cage so they can stay toasty warm during potential cold snaps . Innovation at its best :) 
Lasagna ! Yum . 
I'm collecting books for a book drive , if anyone wants to donate , let me know ! 
I will not continue to confuse cerntainty with security . The most security usually comes in the most uncertain of times because that is when we are most often humble and dependent on the Lord . Certainty is difficult to handle because it turns into self dependance and pride , and leads to a false sense of security . 
Without God , morality is just an opinion . 
Writing an essay on \Of Mice and Men\ " by < PROPFIRST > Steinbeck is a difficult task . The discussion and debate is endless ! " 
is practically done applying for Grad School ! Well at least one of the schools ... 
I finally got a fulltime job ! Marketing Director for Hansen Chiropractic . It sounds nice and official just how I like it :) 
70 Mile An Hour Car Wreck Survivor ! Walk away without a scratch . 
The story is that I got cut off getting on the freeway , and in order to avoid getting creamed I swerved and lost control of the car and slammed into the girder on the side . Luckily no other cars were involved . Perhaps we weren't unscratched , whiplash ... 
I\ 
was eating a taffy today and noticed something hard while chewing . I \ 
pulled it out of my mouth and saw that it was a tooth . I thought for a \ 
minute that it was some old man tooth that fell into the taffy . But \ 
after another minute I felt a missing tooth ! $60 < PROPMALE > later , the crown was \ 
glued back in . 
I'm making my bed longer ! I'm tired of my feet battling with the edge of the bed . 
