Congrats Brooksie ! 2010 Winter Olympics USA Hockey Team ! 

Dear < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hamlin , \ 
If the Pens lose tomorrow , I'm blaming you . Just warning you in advance . \ 
Love , \ 
Diya 
Staalsy's coming back today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The Penguins better win tonight , or it'll be like football season all over again ........ 
Finally the Pens won !!!! My week became a lot better all of a sudden ...... 
Does anyone know what chapters are on the biology final ? 
is still happy over the Pens game !!!!!! 
I officially hate finals ..... I do not remember a word of chemistry despite reading it five times , and now I have to take a test on it ???? 
I just noticed that the word try is in chemistry .... but then again , that's exactly what I don't feel like doing ... 
Yes !!! I'm about to take a test on less than 6 hours of sleep , on information I don't even know !!! 
I officially love finals .... what isn't there to love ? Waking up early , taking tests on stuff you don't know , FAILING ....... sounds great to me .... 
Finals are halfway done !!!!! ( I find it funny that math is the last set of finals ...... and that's the one I really don't want to take ...... ) 
Studying is overrated ..... I'm going to fail anyways .... 
If at first you don't succeed , destroy all evidence you ever tried ..... or ..... If at first you don't succeed , failure may be your style ........ essentially , I should rip up my math final after I spent an hour and a half staring at the pages ....... 
\It is not a disgrace to fail . Failing is one of the greatest arts in the world . \ " YES !!! My life just became so much better now that I know I have a skill !!!! " 
If life is a piece of cake , what are finals ? Really disgusting icing or those weird pickled cherries ? 
Last night , the Penguins won , I ate a delicious cheesecake , and this morning my favorite song was on the radio . What could ruin today ? Oh , yeah , those things called finals .... 
FINALS ARE DONE ..... I'm actually not sure what to do with myself , now that I don't have anything to study ........ 
Just when life couldn't get any worse , someone takes out a camera .......... it explains most of my pictures ....... 
I just realized that the word FINAL is in FINALLY ....... how ironic ...... 
When they say dance like no one's watching , people are still watching , right ? Just more witnesses to confirm my insanity .... 
Why is life not like in the movies ? I mean , why don't people just burst out singing in the middle of the day ? I think that is the best way to acheive world peace , since everyone would just be laughing at how ridiculous they look .......... 
4 DAY WEEKEND ! 4 days of sleeping , eating , watching hockey , and generally doing nothing ........... 
I would be a vegetarian except for the fact that I love bacon too much . 
It may be that your sole purpose in life is to serve as a warning to others . In other words , DON'T WALK INTO WALLS !!!! 
Why is life giving people lemons , and where are they coming from ? I'm pretty sure that this is proof of aliens ...... 
If there was an award show for laziness , I'd take first place . But then again , I would be too lazy to walk up to the podium to accept the award . 
An optimist is someone who falls off the Empire State Building , and after 50 floors says , ' So far so good!' 
Energizer < PROPFEMALE > arrested , charged with battery . 
PENGUINS GAME IN 3 HOURS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Homework in every subject .... what a terrific way to start the semester ! 
So bored right now ......... so sick of homework ............ 
is ready to give up on ever understanding chemistry . just because you understand the concepts doesn't mean you can apply them ..... 
I am already ready for the weekend .............. 
When life gives you lemons , sell them to a gullible person and then use the money to buy yourself something useful ....... I mean lemons ? Really ? 
Ain't that the way it goes ? Always stumbling into something , life's an open road , You've gotta take it . If you just let go , lose your way to find that one thing that you've been missing , you almost missed it all . 
If everything happens for a reason , life/destiny/fate has a weird sense of humor ........... 
Ain't no rhyme or reason , no complicated meaning , ain't no need to over think it , let go laughing , life don't go quite like you planned it - we try so hard to understand it - Irrefutable , indisputable , the fact is IT HAPPENS 
Life isn't about how many breaths you take , but the moments that take your breath away . 
If every day is a gift , life has bad taste in gifts and would make a pretty awful < PROPFEMALE > Claus .......... 
You don't know this ? I know something about history that you don't know ..... Hold on one second , let me just take in this moment . This is cool . Is this how you feel all the time ? W-well , except now . 
Flyers game tomorrow ! I hope someone punches Hartnell and Richards in the face ........ Oh , and the Colts winning wouldn't be bad either .......... 
Note for Miley Cyrus : How exactly do you nod your head/move your hips like \yeah \"?" 
I'm not clumsy ... I just disregard friction .... 
It's sad that you can never unlearn/unknow something ....... there are many things that I would love to get rid of ........ 
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence ...... Well , maybe they use more fertilizer ! 
I'm not immature , I'm just more in touch with my 5 year old side .... 
Friends are like fudge - mostly sweet with a few nuts thrown in 
I feel strangely motivated and not all that lazy .... I must be sick . 
The bio project is a pain ... how many possible combinations are there ? and we are expected to try all of them ? 
If dreams reflect subconscious desires , I have issues and want a lot of people to die .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Claus , not Cookie Monster , causes childhood obesity . I mean , can you imagine all the cookies and milk he eats ? Plus , he doesn't even work off all the calories , just gets pulled around by reindeer ..... 
I just realized that I am born on the same day as < PROPFEMALE > Capulet .... I feel like that's an insult to my birthday .... 
How much money have you guys made for Mr. Hathy's project ? and when is it due ? 
I just beat up an old lady on Wii boxing . I think I should feel bad , but I don't . 
\Asking me if I'd be friends with [ Alexander Ovechkin ] is like asking me if I'm going to be best friends with five Philadelphia Flyers . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Crosby " 
The things you want the most are the things you can never have ........... whoever said that is making me depressed ...... 
LET'S GO PENS !!!!!!!!!! 
\You're like a wizard who uses the rules of social convention as if they are magic ..... You're Hairless Potter !! \ " \ " Don't tell Baldemort . \ " -Dilbert " 
YES !!! The Penguins won and I could laugh in Detroit's face ( well , on the tv ) ...... and I remembered why I hate < PROPMALE > McGuire and Doc Emerick so much ......... It sort of made me happy in a weird messed up way ..... 
Neurotics build castles in the air ... Psychotics live in them ... and Psychiatrists charge them rent . 
NEWS FLASH ! Intelligence of mankind decreasing . Details at ... uh , when the little hand is on the .... 
What are possible sources of error for the chem lab ? These things always confuse me .... 
Money will not bring you happiness , but I would rather cry in a < PROPFEMALE > than in a bus . 
There are 3 kinds of people : Those who make things happen . Those who watch things happen . Those who wonder what happened . 
YES !!!! 4 goals in the second period , a comeback win ......... I'm pretty happy ..... 
If we open our mind , won't our brains fall out ? 
If practice makes perfect , but nobody's perfect , why bother practicing ? 
Insane people are always sure that they are fine . It is only the sane people who are willing to admit that they are crazy . 
No matter how bad things get , you've got to go on living . Even if it kills you ...... 
All the leaves are brown , And the sky is gray . I've been for a walk on a winter's day . I'd be safe and warm if I was in L.A. California dreamin ' on such a winter's day . 
doesn't understand why the teachers can't get together and make sure that we don't have tests in our three hardest subjects on the same day ..... 
If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you lack sufficient imagination . 
is totally going to crush her math , english , and chem tests ....... and is staying cheesily optimistic so she doesn't stress out too much ........ 
looking outside makes me wonder why I can't live in someplace like southern California , Florida , Hawaii , etc ....... 
Apparently today is Disaster Day . It seems appropriate seeing as though that's what all my tests were ..... 
just got power back ..... after 14 hours ..... 
my back and arms hurt from shoveling ... i'm not sure if that means i'm out of shape or there was just too much snow ...... 
\Why did you smack me ? \ " \ " I was in the moment and the moment said smack you . \ " -Cop Out " 
needs caffeine ....... and is about to fall asleep again ....... 
just got the forms for the AP Chemistry test ....... that's a scary thought ..... 
had a dream about shoveling ..... i think the snow and lack of fresh air is getting to me .... 
watched the Hangover last night ...... it was great ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > Talbot , Superstar !!!!!!!!! 
I found a < PROPFEMALE > pen and clicked it . When it didn't turn into a sword , I was kind of disappointed . 
If life is a piece of cake , and you eat it , are you dead ? 
i remember when i was a kid and thought cars smiled and i used to lick icicles and eat snow ..... those were good days ...... 
I much prefer a hahahaha to a lol .... i mean with hahaha , the person actually sounds like they're laughing .... 
women's snowboarding is no where near as exciting as men's , not to be sexist .... but they don't have < PROPFIRST > WHITE or have awesome tricks ......... 
\Oh < PROPFIRST > ... if only I could control everyone the way I control you ... HOP ! YOU LITTLE PLUMBER ! HOP ! HOP ! HOP ! \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
is still debating who to cheer for - < PROPMALE > with Team USA or < PROPMALE > and Flower with Team Canada ? Tough decisions ....... 
is still hurting after gym class ..... thanks a lot < PROPFIRST > ! 
Murgh : a combination of meh , ugh , and argh , used to express distaste , annoyance , boredom , Diya's new favorite word 
I found a manometer in my house and analyzed it .... I feel like such a nerd ...... 
Short people : last to get rained on , first to drown .... 
YEAH - GO APOLO AND JR ! 500 M SHORT TRACK HEATS TONIGHT !!! 
AHHH !!! JR DIDN'T EVEN QUALIFY FOR THE 500 !!!! I FEEL CHEATED !!!! 
My excuse for why I can't drive a car safely .... \I'm clearly too evolved for driving . \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
I cannot believe that Apolo was disqualified .... awful call ....... hopefully the guys will win the relay !!! 
just got the JR Celski cup from McDonald's!! 
go brooksy and team usa ! ( sorry < PROPMALE > and flower , but i hate < PROPFIRST > richards and < PROPFIRST > pronger too much ... ) 
last day of the olympics .... sort of sad and depressing ....... no more speed skating for four years ..... at least hockey's still on ...... 
the one positive i'm getting out of losing is that crosby scored ..... but they didn't deserve to win .... 
Today I wished that life came with either a handbook or a road map .... then I realized I would still get lost .... 
Until yesterday , I had never met anyone who willingly walked towards < PROPMALE>'s class . Now that I have , my life is complete . 
Dear Snowflake - If you dare to visit Earth again , I will attack your siblings that have already taken over my yard . That's a promise , not a threat . With only the best intentions , of course . Sincerely , Diya 
saw a sign for the sidewalk that pointed out into the road . I'm still confused about it . Do people just not know where the sidewalk is , or are they trying to kill us ? 
found a ton of old photo albums . I was so cute and so innocent . What happened ? 
tripped over a shadow . Yes , I do have that much skill . 
is starting Drivers < PROPMALE > tomorrow . I would first like to apologize in advance for all the people I might accidentally run over during the next few months . Get health and car insurance so I don't feel so bad . 
Some people say the glass is half full , others say the glass is half empty . I say “Are you gonna drink that ? \ " , 201 0-0 3-10 20:43:14 " 
wishes Mr. Allemang would finally get her name right . Its really not brain surgery or rocket science . 
If paper beats rock , I'll throw a rock and you and you defend yourself with a piece of paper . 
Today , I opened the newspaper to an ad for lacrosse equipment . I flipped to another < PROPFEMALE > about treadmills . I think my life is telling me to stop being lazy , but I'm too lazy to pay attention . 
I'm pretty sure that I'm the reason safety scissors were invented .... 
recently discovered the greatest hypocrisy in the male gender . We're obsessed with shoes ? Band has officially disproved that one . 
\the ice and I got in a little argument .... the ice won and I fell\ " - < PROPFIRST > Malone " 
saw a sticker on the back of a biker guy's helmet that said \Fat people are harder to kidnap . \ " I love people . " 
is so sick and fed up of english ....... almost finally done with her paper ..... 
almost done with english ..... its like running on a treadmill - so much work to go absolutely nowhere and every once in a while , you forget where you're going and fall off ....... 
I never understood how people can get along like a house on fire . How can that be a positive if the house ends up as a pile of ashes at the end ? 
May your tears come from laughing , Your fine friends worth having , with every year passing they mean more than gold , May you win but stay humble , Smile more than grumble , And know when you stumble you're never alone 
heading to Atlanta either tonight or tomorrow morning ..... long car drive not my thing ..... hopefully the weather is a lot nicer there ........ 
is wondering how bacon and chocolate would taste together . If they are both the best foods in the world , I'm pretty sure that when you combine them , you get something even better , yet my mother disagrees ..... hmmm ..... 
is wondering what the opposite of slowmo is ... apart from normal .... fastmo ? supermo ? turbomo ? nonslowmo ? 
did not realize how out of shape she was ( pant , pant ) until she ( pant ) took a run ( breathing heavily ) 
Why does the google homepage say \Topeka\ " now ? Anybody know ? " 
The Last Song - an amazing , sad movie where Miley < PROPMALE > actually proves that she can act . I'm still sort of teary eyed from it ..... 
got a Wii Fit !!!! 
Why doesn't life make sense ? It would make it all so much easier . 
Let's Go PENS !!! Hopefully Mellon Arena will \die\ " on a positive note ..... " 
Writing a paper from the perspective of a stressed out < PROPMALE > is making me stressed out . I don't think that's supposed to happen . 
does not want to go shopping for black pants . I just want to curl up and take a nap . 
is changing her English paper topic to something she has an opinion on . Yay . 
Ideas for animal names in the English story , anyone ? 
Congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! Co-\Rocket Richard\ " Trophy Winners !! " 
I would say that my English paper sounds like its written by a three-year old , but I feel like that would be an insult to the three-year old . I can't wait to read Mr. Kavo's comments on it . 
new episode of The Big Bang Theory !!!! 
Yay ... band concert's finally over ..... but now must finish chem ...... 
\Why did the chicken cross the Mobius Strip ? To get to the same side ! Bazinga ! \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
This weekend = not good ..... ER , walls , more injuries , not to mention no internet and power until right now ( well the internet , still no power ) ......... plus a chem test ..... mech .... 
now has a irrational fear of garden statues . My eyes hurt from a lack of blinking ..... 
today started off with a spider hanging from the ceiling in school .... not sure if that's considered a good omen or not ..... 
The world is made out of corn . 
Don't worry about the world ending today ; it's already tomorrow in Australia . 
Dear World - I do not approve of rain . It's wet . And cold . That's all . Diya 
typed this status on an iPad ! 
I feel like apocalypse is a synonym for AP Chemistry . 
let's go pens !!!!!!! < PROPFIRST>'s back !! 
yeah < PROPFIRST > !!!! do it for luc !!! 
ever so tired ..... still ..... 
Laughter is the best medicine . So , if you meet \ 
someone with broken ribs , make sure to tickle them . 
is headed off to the Aviary for a volunteer orientation ...... 
I don't quite remember what happened in like half of the pics from Disney . I'm starting to think that that trip was a miniature , PG - rated version of The Hangover . 
yeah hawks !!! good luck kane and toews !!!! 
apprenticeship forms due friday ..... probably should start doing that ..... ugh ..... 
big bang theory season finale tonight !!! 
End of The English Patient = Utter Confusion ..... I really hope we don't have a quiz . 
\What do tigers dream of when they take their \ 
I blame every problem in my life on those chain mails I never forwarded . 
\Hello 
Everything I need to know I learned from animated movies . 
life hasn't always been a party , but mostly it's been good , there's only one or two things that I'd change if I could , I dont get lost in the past or get stuck in some sad memory , my best days are ahead of me\ 
<3 
english is officially done for the year !!!! ( except that final thing which isn't even graded ..... ) 
Someone told me that finals were a piece of cake . I'm currently considering eating my math and chem finals so that neither Mr. < PROPMALE > nor Mr. Kernion can ever see my grades . 
So ..... I can fail my bio and world cultures finals , so not planning to study for those ..... chem and math is a completely different story , but i'm not yet in the mood to study for them ....... this is going to be a long weekend ...... 
You get worried about the world's future when you find \The < PROPFIRST > Bieber Tribute Band\ " on iTunes . " 
is completely crushing the practice test for the SAT Subject Test in chemistry . If only the final was this easy . 
Dear Mr. Hathy - \ 
I really appreciate the fact that you most definitely did not teach us about half the chapters that you put on the study guide . And no , passing out a handout and allowing us to google the answers is not teaching us . \ 
-Diya 
Finals .... the one time of year when you realize how much you actually don't know and just pretended to . 
I feel like finals are a pointless waste of time . It's not a test of how much you know , but rather your ability to remember what you did in the very beginning of the semester . 
I feel like Mr. Kernion is trying to play some mean trick on us by saying that the final will be a mini AP test . But for some reason , I don't think he's kidding this time . 
All the ads on the side of my screen right now are for < PROPFIRST > Bieber . So , a warning to everyone - don't go on Facebook right after eating . 
Ahhh !!!!!! Now my computer's telling me to meet < PROPFIRST > Bieber . Why won't Facebook get the message that I don't want to see him ? 
Dear Summer , Could you come a little sooner ? I don't feel like studying for finals anymore . Okay , thanks , bye . <3 Diya 
got an A on the math final . That was despite bubbling in some answers randomly to make a pretty pattern because I had no idea . Mr. < PROPMALE > must have curved that quite a bit ........ 
When life gives you lemons , throw them back and demand cookies . But when life gives you finals , demand diamonds ( that you can sell for more cookies ) . 
Now the ad on the side of my computer is telling me to date < PROPFIRST > Bieber . For the record , I would rather date a slug . 
Yeah Hawks !!!!! Great job Kaner ! 
is watching the World Cup . Go South Africa !!! 
is split between England and the USA for tomorrow game . Cheering for the US would be loyal , but the English have better accents ..... this is hard . 
refuses to cheer for < PROPFEMALE > . \Hand of God\ " ? Lousy excuse for CHEATING . " 
Yeah Ghana !!!!!!!!!!!! 
has spent all of summer break so far watching the World Cup ( or whatever else is on TV ) , on the computer , and eating . I would say that its been quite a success . 
New Zealand game tomorrow !!!!... I need a life . 
First World Cup point for New Zealand ever !!!! <3<3<3 
Dear < PROPMALE > Torres , \ 
If it makes you feel any better about losing , I thought your haircut was lovely . \ 
<3 , \ 
really hopes < PROPMALE > Pique is okay after getting kicked in the face ....... 
so very bored ..... not in the mood to work on summer assignments .... france game isn't until 2:00 ... ugh 
Note to self : do not watch The Mummy Returns late at night . 
Great game by the US !!! 
Come on New Zealand !!!! 
the World Cup refereeing is really going downhill ...... its actually pathetic right now . If not for the awful refs , New Zealand would have won and Kaka would still be there . 
I'm really interested in what the commentators would say if North Korea won ...... but since that probably won't happen , go Portugal ! 
\We have no brilliant individuals - we are not \ 
finally found a place that sells New Zealand jerseys online for less than $150 ... my biggest success of the day . 
YEAH USA !!! Moving on to the second round !!!!! 
Ghana lost , but they're moving on !!!! Losing never felt so good . 
Dear New Zealand , \ 
Please don't lose tomorrow because if you do , I'll cry . Well , maybe not literally , but I will be really sad . \ 
GO SPAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My New Zealand jersey came today !!! A little late , but ... 
is psyched for the Ghana vs . USA game - I hope Ghana wins since they're the only African team left ..... 
Out of all the dangerous things at the Aviary , I get cut on a can of sloth food . 
is really bored of being bored . 
Go Spain !!!!!!!!! Torres + Casillas + Villa + Pique > Ronaldo 
Gerrard jacket came today !!! 
Bazinga . 
A word to the wise isn't necessary -- it's the stupid ones that need the advice . 
When I went to Costco , I saw a kid who looked exactly like < PROPFIRST > Bieber . I really wanted to go up to him and ask if he dressed like that as a dare . 
Ghana did not deserve to lose . Penalty shootout ? Why ?????? 
Well ... seems like Spain is the only team I like left in the World Cup . So they better win . 
When I say something in my head , it makes perfect sense . Then I say it out loud and ... umm ... yeah . 
hmmm .... summer appears to be killing my ability to come up with a decent status apart from \bored\ " ........ meh " 
After today , I think I'm going to have to break up with myself . I'm too clingy . 
LET'S GO SPAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just woke up . 
\Do you want to know how to feel lucky ? You feel lucky . \"" 
So . Tomorrow is the final for the World Cup . Tomorrow is when some dreams will come true and others will be crushed . I can't wait to watch RVP cry and Nando lift the trophy . Good luck Spain ! 
Dear Spain , \ 
Please win today , otherwise I'll be really sad . And I don't want to be sad . So win . \ 
SPAIN WON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hope Nando's okay , tho .... 
So .... the World Cup's over , hockey season doesn't start for a few months , and the Pirates are pitiful . Meh . 
took a three hour nap this afternoon and now is wide awake .... this is going to be a long , long night . 
leavin ' for california tomorrow !!!! 
Silly rabbit , Trix are for kids ! 
is in Sonora !! Yosemite tomorrow .... 
California squirrels are the most messed up squirrels I have ever seen , but they must be smarter than the normal kind . I haven't seen a single one that's been run over by a car yet . 
Apparently Iker Casillas was in San < PROPFIRST > at the same time I was . And I saw a couple that looked exactly like him and < PROPFEMALE > . Coincidence ? I think not . 
Dear Mr. Hathy , \ 
When I was coming back from California , I managed to relate maximized surface area to how a plane takes off and lands . I guess I did learn something from your class after all , even though it has nothing to do with bio . \ 
\Tigers love pepper .... They hate cinnamon . \"" 
APUSH is slowly killing my mind . I have almost forgotten how to spell my name . 
Everything sounds better in a British accent . 
“People say ‘go with the flow’ but do you know what goes with the flow ? Dead fish . ” 
headed to Seneca Falls tomorrow !!! 
Dear APUSH , \ 
Please , please , please go away . Like right now . \ 
Today I mistook my camera wrist strap for a snake and screamed . It was a very scary moment . 
I was at Papermart and found a giant cutout of < PROPFIRST > Washington . I think APUSH is stalking me . 
If I memorize my music , I can delay APUSH . If I do APUSH , I have an excuse for not memorizing my music . Decisions , decisions . 
Sunglasses tan . Sneakers tan . Band . Ugh . 
Dehydration has caused my brain to wither . Now I can't focus on APUSH . Thanks , Miss Marino . 
Apparently today is Blame Someone Else Day . Yay for random holidays . 
DOES NOT want to go back to band camp tomorrow . My tan lines are bad enough already . 
Note to self : do not try and catch water balloons . They will explode right as they hit your hands . 
band camp is over . finally . 
Apparently , < PROPMALE > from Toy Story makes a special appearance during the credits of Monsters , Inc . I never noticed until one day ago . 
I think that they should have nap time in the high school . I'm pretty sure that high schoolers need more sleep than preschoolers . 
ICING . 
APUSH never ends . 
No school tomorrow !! 
I just realized that the word \laughter\ " is in the word \ " slaughter\ " . That's just creepy . " 
Dear new season of the Big Bang Theory , \ 
Please start soon . Like right now . \ 
I'm not sure how I feel right now . I'm thankful that I met < PROPFIRST > , but I'm sad because I felt like it wasn't enough time . I guess the saying \Life isn't fair\ " is true . " 
Yay for soccer bruises that don't go away for a couple weeks . 
must ....... sleep ......... now . 
my shoulder still hurts from playing goalie yesterday ..... and my elbows are kind of scratched up ..... meh . 
LET'S GO PENS !!!! 
follow the freeway , break the routine , ' cause everything is second to your dreams . 
Dear Pens , \ 
You're making me really sad . And I don't like being sad . So it would be really nice if you remembered how good you were in preseason . For my sake and probably the rest of Pittsburgh's sake ? \ 
Well , 4:00 is kind of a weird time for a hockey game . But at least I can still watch it and go to the college fair ! 
I'm glad that the Penguins took my Facebook letter to them to heart . I feel like I did something important . 
Let's make it 2 in a row , Pens !!! <3 
Well , that was a disappointment . 
So ... 7 pages , 2 pieces of baklava , 3 bottles of water , one pen , and 2 headaches later , bluebook preparation is done . 
Revenge is a dish best served cold . Therefore , there can be no better place for that than a hockey rink . LET'S GO PENS !!!! 
I referenced sine and cosine in my English homework , which I wrote about how I don't conform to society's norms . I'm pretty sure that I proved my points . 
Dear Fleury , \ 
According to the newspaper , you're going to start today . Please , please , please don't mess up this time . Otherwise , I'll be really mad . \ 
YESYESYESYESYESYESYESYES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Great job Flower and Tanger !!!! 
It's not the path you take that makes life worthwhile , but the people you meet along the way . 
It would be kind of nice if we won today . Just throwing that idea out there . \ 
ummm .... no . Just no . I'm still in denial . The one positive I can get from this is that we won essentially all the fights . Except the Tanger one . But I forgive him . 
misses Lebo Cup already ... 
LET'S GO PENS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Let's win this one , please ....... 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Letestu , \ 
You are now my hero . Just thought you should know that . \ 
Truth is .... 
LET'S GO PENS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Let's win two games in a row ..... hopefully ........... 
The new Big Bang Theory combined my two favorite things : < PROPMALE > and Indiana Jones . My life just got 800 times better . 
Its Saturday , and there's no soccer game ... I'm not actually sure what to do with my life . 
English paper = FAIL . For once , I'd rather just right a regular analytical paper . 
this night is sparkling , don't you let it go 
Happy Hanukkah ! 
Congrats < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy belated birthday , < PROPFIRST > Villa !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
11 in a row !!!! Yeah Pens !! 
< PROPFIRST > Nelsen for New Zealander of the year !!!!!!!!!!! 
Ozzy Osbourne has never heard of < PROPFIRST > Bieber . I kind of envy him right now . 
It might sound crazy , but it ain't no lie , baby , bye , bye , bye 
DUPER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Pens won in a pretty amazing game , now only need a Russia win in World Juniors for this hockey night to be perfect !!!!! 
I do not envy < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > his job . At all . But < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is not a quitter and hence will not be resigning . Take that , Mr. Higginson . 
The worst part of finals is the suspense , waiting to find out how badly you failed ....... 
First Penguins game I go to this season and < PROPFIRST > gets in a fight , gets a shutout , gets that same shutout stolen from him , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > of all people ends up with a 10 minute < PROPMALE > at the end of the game . Success . 
Shame the Steelers lost . But at least Goligoski's happy . 
Dear New York Islanders , \ 
Sure , go ahead , stick up for your goalie . But don't embarrass yourself and the rest of the league . Trying to sucker punch a guy ? Beating up a guy while he's injured and then standing at the locker room door yelling at him while he's being tended to ? Picking on players just because the refs were generous with game misconducts and there were no enforcers left ? You disgust me . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
FINALLY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Great job < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
NEALER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is at 6,000 words in her research paper . With three sections left to write . Including the longest one . This might be a problem . 
