Hope everyone's night was great ! Happy New Year ! 

needs to clean her house badly , but really really really doesn't want to do it today . Think it can last another week ? LOL 
has begun the process of cleaning her house , but still don't wanna . Too bad I'm too old for that excuse . 
is amazed . The laundry's almost done and all it took was a mere 8 hrs * dripping with sarcasm * 
hates sleeping alone so is probably gonna be up half the night again . 
Had some intense discussions tonight , and now I'm wiped . Time for bed . 
can't wait to go to Lake of the Ozarks in a month ! 
thinks it's amazing how the rain and potential for bad weather can lull me to sleep before 10 ! The light was still on in the dining room and so was the tv ! 
May have a way to get rid of several < PROPMALE > causes of stress in my life . Hooray ! 
So I found my old phone . . . Pheobe stuck it in an old credit card wallet ! I had checked all my purses , but didn't think to check that ! 
Is feeling good tonight . A couple of beers and won all 4 in bowling tonight . 
Is now sad because she was reminded that her brother's life stopped . It hurts to see what his life could have been like . 
is going to get groceries and then head down to P town for the parade and fun in the park . Now if only I could play on the inflatable slides and such . That would be an awesome day . 
has a very busy day ahead . 
can already taste the lazy weekend beer and hear the fireworks . Probably not going to get much done at work tomorrow . LOL 
Had a nice 4th with the family . Now I better get to bed . 
wishes sometimes she could just keep her mouth shut and not make someone feel worse . And yes , I know I shouldn't have let the kids play with markers . 
hates mosquitoes ! Mia and Pheobe are all bit up even though we used bug spray ! My poor babies ! 
is really tired and doesn't want to go to work today . 3 days left until I get a nice long break ! 
if I wish hard enough , will tomorrow be Friday ? 
Oh YEAH ! No work until the 21st ! I love vacation !!! 
Oh Yeah ! Headed to Lake of the Ozarks tomorrow morning ! 
is back home and has one last day of vacation before getting back to work . 
Has not had a Mountain Dew ( unless you count diet ) in almost a week . This better fricking help me lose weight ! 
Back to reality for me . Boo reality . 
has the bed to herself again tonight . Wonder when I will decide to crash tonight . 
seriously wants to know what all my friends without kids do with all that free time ! 
We have Frickits at our house ! 
is reminding people not to leave Sprite in the freezer too long and then try to open it . Well unless you really feel the need to clean something such as a stove . 
really needs the weekend ! So glad it's almost here . 
is oh so tired ! Heading to bed for the night . 
is going to bring the kids to WP to meet < PROPFIRST > McDonald today . 
Long day of going all over the place . Sunday will be my day of rest . Well not really , I do have to do laundry and clean . 
is on a PB & J sandwich kick . 
Has to get to cleaning for Pheobe's birthday party tomorrow ! 
Pheobe's birthday party went great ! Not looking forward to work tomorrow though . 
quotes from Pheobe yesterday \I hate cake on the face ! It is totally stupid ! \ " \ " Everybody needs to learn to listen to ME ! \"" 
finds it funny when people attempt to be sneaky about being nosy . It is way to obvious and reeks of desperation ! 
is driving Em's car tomorrow ! YAY ! Air Conditioning , and it is just so pretty . 
is feeling a little better , but hates sleeping alone . 
is enjoying her Wii Fit . 
thinks she is gonna head to the fair for the parade even though she has some sinus crap . 
' s sister's car eats stuff . How the hell do you lose keys and not be able to find them while you are still right next to the car ? And how does a binky disappear after it falls out of a kid's mouth ? AHH ! 
is still sick . Blah ! 
is really really really ready for it to be the weekend already ! Hurry up ! 
had a great night at the bowling alley . Free beer and food and lots of dirty minds ! What could be better ? Now what to do today ? 
is wondering if the key to a perfect marriage is just never asking questions . If so I am doomed ! 
feels like her ears are gonna fall off if she hears any more whining ! 
is headed to a concert in Fremont tonight . Hopefully it's good ! 
is relaxing and hoping the day doesn't speed by . 
is wondering if you are always looking for something better , how can you ever be happy ? I don't mean just wanting more money or a nicer house , I mean not living in the moment and appreciating what you do have . 
is trying to burn some of this extra baggage off . Anyone think I can replace facebook obsession with exercise ? Ya , that's what I thought , but I'm gonna try anyway . 
is excited for Foreigner on Sunday ! 
always remembering with love . 24 today . 
is headed to the Foreigner concert ! I am gonna get me some \Dirty White Boy . \"" 
had a great time at the concert with my parents . Just wish it wouldn't have taken an hour to get out of there ! 
is headed to a Labor Day BBQ with brownies , cookies and cheesecake ! YUM ! 
had a great Labor day out at < PROPFEMALE>'s . Just gotta get the older two into bed and then I can CLEAN ! Whoopee ! 
is hoping for the weekend to come fast . I am so worn out lately ! 
wants to invent clothes that wash and fold themselves . I can do the rest . 
made it to the middle of the week ! Boy this has been a long one so far . 
is getting pumped up ! 
has felt like a zombie most of the day today and probably should go to bed but would rather take pointless quizzes on facebook 
feels the pull of the shiny cars . Headed to the car show in an hour or two . 
does not answer to clapping ! Say my name , say my name ! Then I might get my butt off the computer and get you some dip . 
is seriously pumped to be training another bereavement coordinator . I love my job ! Might not like getting up in the morning , but I still love it ! 
is hopefully getting a laptop this weekend ! Yay ! Finally I may get a little closer to catching up to the rest of the world with technology . 
had a horrible day . Pheobe has had an on/off fever for over a week and has no diagnosis . Parent teacher conferences were horrific . I never knew 2 teachers and a principal would never EVER call with any problems and then just gang up on you in the conference . Apparently , I need to send a camcorder to school so I can know what actually goes on there . 
is searching for a babysitter so I can get some stuff done . 
loves Iron Chef even though there is no way I could cook any of it ! They use polenta a lot and I have no idea what it is , but that's the least of my cooking deficiencies . 
is glad she doesn't have < PROPFIRST>'s issues . 
is so happy to have all of you wonderful friends in my life ! I am so blessed ! 
Seriously ? Why did Grey's Anatomy not DVR ! I wanted to watch it on my tv and not the computer ! 
had a great time last night ! 8:00 came way too early though ! 
spent most of the day in Pender and helped my dad and grandpa get a 52 Ford pickup out of its cozy little spot on a farm . It took forever but was fun . 
If I have to do the dishes and I drop one on the floor , maybe I won't have to do the dishes anymore . Except we have mostly plastic dishes . Microwave them maybe ? 
So Pheobe points to something , says its her favorite color , and then when I asked her what color it was , she said \I don't know . \ " She did end up telling me it was purple . So cute . " 
is going to take a nice long , hot , relaxing bath and pamper herself for the rest of the night . 
actually planned ahead and got the kids ' clothes ready for tomorrow ! Marking that on the calendar ! 
thought < PROPMALE > was feeling better . . . but I guess not . I just wish we could all be healthy . 
is tired . Sleepy and doesn't understand why her sick daughter won't go to bed . Of course < PROPFEMALE > Montana is on right now . . . 
is venturing out of the house for the first time today so I can get something from the store . Oh , I mean 6 < PROPMALE > away since everyplace in Dodge closes at 6 ! Darn it . 
needs a babysitter ! Why does his birthday always end up on homecoming weekend ? 
found a babysitter ! Yay dad ! 
wonders if anyone else is up for going to the haunted houses in Sioux City ? Or Omaha ? Been to most of them there in the past few years so we are thinking Sioux City may be a better bet . 
went to bed at 6 am , and got up around 9ish . Had a great night last night , but I am in need of a nap sometime today ! 
is so tired , but wants to wait until < PROPFIRST > gets home so I can actually sleep . If he has to work late , I know I'm not going to make it that long . 
is going to bed . Finally ! 
thinks this may be a long week . 
really wishes everyone's men would just stop ! Mine just needs to stop being sick :( The rest just need to be good ! 
thinks it's nice to be acknowledged for the work I do . I know there is still a long way to go to get things to be the way I want them . 
is glad it's close to the weekend ! Grey's is on soon too ! Woohoo ! 
burns . Crap I hate burns . Still gonna watch Grey's but AHH ! 
should probably go to bed . Thank goodness the weekend is so close I can taste it ! 
thinks all that going to bed late might have finally caught up with her . 
thinks she was wrong . I'm awake . 
guesses her hubby is dying but she doesn't care . At least that's what he says . Boys always exaggerate . Besides I am gonna get him a root beer float . I care . 
had a great night at the ER . By the time we got there he was just tired , and felt a little better . But it feels good to know it wasn't anything < PROPMALE > . 
is really tired of everyone being sick ! I am so sick of sickness and I'm not even a sickie ! 
wishes she had Pheobe's energy ! That girl is like the energizer < PROPFEMALE > and I am like the generic knock off . I need my sleep ! 
is happy her hubby is back home and feeling better . 
is ready to watch Grey's and fold laundry ! Something I Love mixed with something I hate . Woohoo ! 
is listening to parody songs that are SOOO wrong but yet SOOO hilarious ! How do people think of this stuff ? 
had a good time trick or treating with the kiddos with my huge updo . I knew that big Bump-It would be good for something ! 
Is hoping for a lazy day . . . we'll see how that works out 
loves IPhoto ! Super easy to use ! 
had a pretty lazy day . Wish fulfilled ! 
is hoping this month doesn't fly by as fast as the last one . I have a lot to get done ! 
picked up my certificate for a free massage over lunch hour from the KEXL office . Now I just have to find time to use it ! Oh , what a dilemma ! LOL 
is grateful for a husband that does stuff around the house and can get the kids out the door in the morning ! I am spoiled ! :) 
is thankful for the awesome friends that go bowling with her ! 
is thankful for the time she gets to spend with her kids ! They are just too fun ! 
is thankful to have reliable babysitters when I need a little time away . 
is thankful for my family . They remind me I am loved . And they are all just so darn cute ! LOL 
is thankful for all the people in my life that can make me laugh when I am having a bad day . 
is grateful for caffeine , food , and diversions to help me get through long meetings ! Oh , and I can't forget Excedrin migraine for getting rid of the after meeting headache ! 
is thankful for hope . Hope that maybe this weekend will go better than this week ! 
is thankful for a morning where everyone let me catch up on my sleep and roll out of bed a little before noon . 
hopes everyone has a happy , safe , and filling thanksgiving ! 
had a wonderful Thanksgiving with all 3 families ! And I didn't have to make a thing ! Wonder if that's a hint ? 
wonders if her kids are conspiring to make her head blow up . I swear they have been whining and yelling all day . It's naptime like now ! 
feels like she got a lot accomplished today ! But still has a lot to get done . 
thinks she might head to Pender today after I get done with the last of the clothes . The pile is almost gone ! YAY ! 
is so happy her parents came down and did some yardwork for us ! They are totally awesome ! 
is getting sleepy , very sleepy . 
wonders \What's my motivation ? \ " I really need to get my butt in gear this morning . " 
gets all her drama from Desperate Housewives and hopes her life never gets that interesting ! 
feels better , but is really stressing thinking about driving tomorrow . 
went to work , found out girls are sick , took care of a few Very Important Things , and headed back home . 
is fairly sure that she needs to just plastic her entire house . I can feel all the places that draft tonight . 
is having another snow day ! 
Thinks the day went by too fast ! I had all these things I wanted to get done , but didn't even get close to done . Girls are feeling better thank goodness and really that's what matters . 
is happy to be at home after all the excitement today . 
thinks she should just sleep in the recliner tonight . It is so comfy right now and I don't wanna move ! 
wishes she had something profound to say , but is in too much pain and is too tired to think that hard . 
< PROPMALE > was so cute playing his pretend guitar at the school concert ! But boy they need to use a sound system and not a boom box . It is a little too redneck for me . 
bowling done . . . sleep and then it is time to brave the crowds ! Gotta pump myself up for some marathon shopping . 
is done shopping , but still has lots to do before Christmas ! 
Bath time then bed for the lil ones . At least that's how it's suppose to work . We'll see . 
So , my daughters have new beds , which apparently makes it impossible for them to sleep . Great . 
is staying in Pender for the next few nights . < PROPFEMALE > will be coming here because we don't want to brave the roads again . Also , I want to be with my family for Christmas ! 
first round of Christmas gifts opened , and now the boys have the X Box 360 to play with for a while . My computer still hasn't lost it's novelty , and the girls are asleep . 
Yay ! I got a Cricut ! 
wants to go out and jump in some drifts ! But I don't think I would like the consequences . Plus my kids would want to follow me , but their snowpants are in Dodge . 
Well , according to the 511 website , there is still no way of getting out of Pender . I am still stuck . 
Can I make it to Dodge from Pender ? It still says the hiways are blocked . Unless I want to go through < PROPMALE > or something . 
made it to Dodge , but not looking forward to the drive to work tomorrow . 
should really take down her tree , but feels like she just put it up . Christmas sure flew by fast ! 
Happy new year ! 
Attitude in 2011 ? Pheobe sure is bossy today . LOL 
is gonna play a little Kinect Dance Central and then off to bed . 
loves listening in when the girls play dolls . I think it kind of tells me how my parenting is going . Sometimes it reminds me they remember EVERYTHING . 
is headed to the wonderful world of Toy R Us with the kids so they can use their Christmas money from Papa . 
Kids passed out in the car after our Toys R Us adventure . Mia & Pheobe pooled their money to get a kitchen , and < PROPMALE > got the Toy Story 3 game with a few < PROPFEMALE > Wars guys . 
thinks it is strange that her cat is hugging her arm . Must want some of that Gourmet Walmart ( i know ) cat food I just bought him . I suppose that would taste better than the blush Mia mixed in with his other food . 
is frustrated with everything right now and just needs to relax and/or go to bed . 
is beyond done with this whole winter thing . Nothing works when it's this cold out ! 
White 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends !! Before you do that , answer for me****PLEASE participate ! This should be fun ! 
just looked at the 511 site and discovered Northeast Nebraska is closed ! 
It only took 1 whole day but Cookies are done ! 
you would think that being stuck at home for 3 days would mean my house would be spotless . You'd be wrong . But I do plan on getting a lot done today . 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer ? . Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . 
forgot how addicting family tree things are ! I already added almost 100 people and I know I am missing a Ton of people . 
is beyond tired of little girls that won't sleep ! 
I know what I like , and I'm gonna get it . Friday !!! 
wants to go to Omaha and use her gift card . If I sneak out before everyone wakes up , do you think they would be confused enough to think I went to work ? LOL 
wishes things could just be simple . I am so sick of having to do extra because of dishonest people . 
< PROPFEMALE > 1 , Ice 0 . But what fun tomorrow can bring ! Laughter is the only way to get through this Blah weather . 
is hoping to head to Sioux City this afternoon to get some things . 
never mind . . . 
is gonna work on organizing things today . 
is past the point of no return . 
is hoping . . . beyond hope . . . that she can get to Omaha today . 
is thinking ( well hoping ) that the girls are actually in bed and staying in bed for the night . 
had a nice evening with the family . 
is missing a remote . Time to tear the house apart . Guess it's a good way to get cleaning done . 
is working on the laundry . Folding done . Clothes in dressers . Now just gotta get stuff < PROPMALE > up and put away . Wow I am so exciting ! 
headed out to get some groceries . Need to think of more stuff we can make for supper . 
hopes that we can figure out what's wrong with < PROPFIRST>' shoulder . I hate seeing people in pain . 
Bleep , Bleep , Bleeping Truck ! Just glad I am going to work and don't have to deal with it . 
in a war with my brother in law . Please help ! 
Help ! My husband declared war on me !!! Go to my < PROPFEMALE > and help me out Mafia ! 
is glad it will be Friday soon , but could I please actually have a decent drive to work ? Please ! 
is hoping the weekend slows down a little bit so I can get something done . 
WooHoo ! Bowled a 235 ! 
I have a really cool idea , but we'll see if I can actually pull it off . 
Together since December 27th , 1998 . Married March 3rd , 2006 . 
Had a fun ride back from Omaha ! I can see why 91 was closed , but < PROPFIRST > got us home in one piece . Of course . Plus we picked up a stranded motorist . 
Well , it's another day at home . Wish I could actually use my vacation for a day I want off ! 
wonders why people at my son's school don't seem to comprehend that I actually work ! I can't call them by 3:45 when they leave a message on my House phone . Grr . 
Rocking out with the kiddos to the horrible sounds of my voice on the American Idol game . 
Is the next American Idol ! At least according to medium setting on the game . And the kids are headed to bed . 
Wonders if it would be possible for my house to stay clean for 1 day . Just 1 day . 
finds it hilarious that she now enjoys \matching\ " her girls ' outfits . What happened to me ? LOL " 
had a surprise Christmas thanks to the gifts I finally picked up from my Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s! The kids loved it ! 
< PROPFIRST > . . . Where are we going tomorrow ??? I am too lazy to text you or write on your wall . LOL 
I will have to see where this day takes me . I believe it will get better . . . 
Had a great evening ! Now I am laughing at my husband who is trying to figure out farmville ! 
Even the largest obstacles in your path dwarf your blessings tenfold . You just have to take off your blinders cause the blessings surround you while the obstacles just stand in your path . 
Ups and downs , all kinds of drama , but we make it work ! Happy Anniversary < PROPFEMALE > ! 
wow I have had a lot of wine this morning ! I wish my kids would just get along ! 
Is going to attempt to be crafty , but first , a trip to the store . This should be interesting . 
busy busy busy . Baby Shower Shopping , and Bowling . That's besides all the cleaning I need to get done . 
someone please send my husband a torch so he will stop whining . 
wonders what excitement this week will bring ! Hopefully it will just be smooth . 
Todays game ( I guess)-PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ... Pender , Nebraska 
maybe someday my girls will actually go to sleep without attempting to put them to bed 20 times ! This is beyond ridiculous . Super Nanny , where are you ? 
thinks it's sad but funny how seriously people take facebook games . They're games ! If this is your life . . . I pity you . They're fun , but come on now . Oh well , something to laugh about I guess . 
believes her 3 year old may end up with better fashion sense than her . 
Anyone want to go to < PROPFIRST > the Cable Guy with me Sunday night ? I inherited two tickets due to some annoying drama . Anyway , if you want to see < PROPFIRST > in Sioux City tomorrow , text or call me ! 
getting excited for the show tonight ! Should be a fun roadtrip ! 
I know I am really behind on my movies , but I really liked Gran Torino . 
is still amazed how fast kids grow . < PROPMALE > is 7 tomorrow ! 
is playing stay at home mom for the day and baking cupcakes for < PROPMALE>'s class . Mia is being my little helper ! 
hope everyone has a beautiful Easter today ! 
O what a beautiful morning , O what a beautiful day , I've got a beautiful feeling , Friday will be a great day . 
What a beautiful day ? Cookout anyone ? 
Is going for a bike ride followed by yummy food on the grill . 
can't believe her baby will be 2 in a week ! Occasionally I can see glimpses of what she might be like as a teenager . That is a little scary . 
Friday ! YAY ! Finally ! 
' s baby Mia is 2 today ! 
loves how Deadliest Catch reminds her of high school because they are always saying the year . < PROPMALE > Crab 09 ! W o w . 
Mushroom season + Mom = Yummy mushrooms for the party on Sunday ! Go Mom ! 
Yucky day out but the party is still on ! 
has a musical inside her head . It's quite fun , really . 
wishes all of my birthday buddies a happy birthday today ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! Hope you all had a great day too ! 
Is an Auntie again ! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is happy she just got to see her new nephew . The girls kept wanting to take turns holding him , and even < PROPMALE > enjoyed holding him for a lil bit . 
is beyond frustrated . The girls are making me crazy . 
didn't realize that when family members go back to school , you go back to school too ! LOL . Fun with Powerpoint tonight ! WooHoo ! 
if a dream is a wish your heart makes , why does something bad always happen in mine ? LOL 
is happy that < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > got the swingset up for the kids . They love it ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely moms in my life ! 
is getting her new stove tomorrow ! 
thinks she loves her new stove ! Already made some yummy brownies ! 
thinks negativity is like a nasty cold . If you're around people that have it , you're more likely to catch it , and it's a pain to get rid of . Positivity on the other hand , is more like growing a garden . The seed are planted , but to truely thrive , it needs to be nurtured and the weeds need to be pulled out . 
will have to find a way to relax next weekend . This one went by way too fast ! 
is excited for < PROPMALE>'s track meet tomorrow ! I just hope the rain stays away . 
is sad < PROPMALE>'s track meet was canceled :( But on the positive side I did a little landscaping in the rain ! 
W O W . 
can't stand being sick . 
is sicker and headed to the dr. this morning . Also , today it has been 8 years since < PROPFIRST > died . 
had a nice day with the kiddos even though I had to clean ! 
thinks today was just beautiful ! 
is sitting in the basement at the dentist's office . 
sure enjoyed seeing what's in the basement of the dentist's office . Not ! But on the positive side , no hail damage ! Yay ! 
thinks the Craftsman Catalog is like Sephora for my husband . The only difference is I don't see any makeup at Sephora that costs $400+ . 
is enjoying a relaxing day at home , but thinks it would be nice to get out tonight . 
is headed out to do something for the night . Don't know what yet , but we'll see how it goes . Call me if you're bored & ready for a night out too ! 
thinks it is a good day to grill out . Come over and enjoy some food with us ! We'll even wash your car ! 
relaxing at home , trying to avoid thinking that the weekend is almost over . It's not working . 
thinks her daughters need to start getting along . They are fighting over lip balm . 
Attention friends : I am attempting to make a grocery list . Any yummy and quick food ideas would be appreciated . 
Has her grocery list completed . Thanks everyone for the help ! I think I may have a list for next trip too ! I am so saving that post . 
saw the sunrise this morning . Only because poor Mia was sick and in Pender with my Dad and Sister , but yeah , I saw the sunrise . 
Thinks it finally all makes sense :) LOL 
Vacation is sooo close . Tomorrow will go by fast though , because I have a lot to get done . 
Vacation tomorrow . . . packing tonight . 
Has been in the < PROPFIRST > since 11:30 . Only a few hours to go !!! 
Osage Beach Woot ! I don't even care that it's raining right now . 
What a beautiful morning out on the lake . 
Taco Tuesday is awesome ! Now to walk off the calories by doing some shopping . Yay vacation ! 
Has had a great day so far . Parasailing , Bandanas BBQ , and jetsking ! 
is home . When's the next vacation ??? Irritated about < PROPFIRST > closing , and don't want to finish unpacking . 
had our own little fireworks display for the kids tonight since < PROPFIRST > has to work tomorrow . Then WP for me & the kiddos tomorrow , I think . 
had a great night at the West Point Park with the kids . They loved the bouncy castle , loved the sno-cones , loved the park , and most of all LOVED the fireworks ! 
Wow . The things kids say . 
sometimes , when I just sit back and observe , I realize a lot more people like soap opera drama than will admit it ! 
Is headed to the SAS museum with the kids ! And yes that includes < PROPFIRST > . 
guesses Buzz \light beer\ " is coming with us to the SAS museum . Gotta love that ! " 
is not surprised . It's time for < PROPFIRST>' annual trip to the hospital . Boooooo 
S.T.O.P. class . yay . . . 
Has a feeling it will be a looooong week . 
just found out < PROPFIRST > is having foot surgery on Wednesday . :( 
' s hubby has surgery at 8 am . Hoping it goes well and is over fast . 
is waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get out of surgery . Started a little after 8 . 
Surgery went well . He's in recovery now . 
is sitting at Methodist wondering wth happened . Surgery went fine , but I really don't feel like talking to Select Specialty Hospital or Home Health . This is going to be longer than I thought . 
is gonna bring the kids to toy story 3 in West Point sometime this weekend . We need some laughs . 
really would just like to convince herself that things will get better . But I really need people to cooperate for this to work . LOL 
stayed at the hospital with the kids last night , headed out to eat breakfast and then home . 
is off to West Point to see Toy Story 3 . 
has no idea what's going on . All I know is it's Monday . 
thinks her children are very lucky they have their looks , because the attitudes tonight were horrible ! LOL . I just need some sort of normal back . 
wonders if anyone else watched \Know your Numbers\ " and thought it was extremely creepy . " 
is amazed at how much Pheobe has grown over the past year ! Happy 4th birthday on the 4th to my little < PROPFEMALE > ! 
needs some normal . Any day now please . 
is at the ER in Omaha with < PROPFIRST > . 
is freezing . Apparently this is the place to be to beat the heat . 
thinks she will be doing a long , early morning drive . 
Drive , drive , drive , drive , work , drive , drive . Where did sleep go ? 
home . Both of us . Finally . 
' s husband just got a call that he can join the nursing program . That's great , except he is still on the wound vac and just got out of the hospital . 
is relaxing with a < PROPFEMALE > in hand . Weekends are awesome ! 
finds a wealth of worthless information on Facebook . Which is exactly why it's so addicting . LOL 
saw a deer in the middle of Dodge . Thanks for reminding me I live in the middle of nowhere ! LOL 
The laundry < PROPFEMALE > needs to get to my house pronto !!! 
is hoping dad's surgery goes well . 
heard from mom that surgery went well and that dad is now just waiting to get the ok to eat . He should be home tomorrow . 
hates proofreading papers . I have a strong urge to just do the papers myself so they are right ! Grrr you guys . You know you get extra credit if a PEER reviews it , right ? 
needs a motivational speaker to help me when I'm cleaning . 
is now having trouble with texts . If you texted me yesterday , I just got it . 
is fascinated by \The Colony . \ " You just have to watch it to get it . " 
Some people just can't handle the truth . Don't worry , it'll catch up to you . I promise . 
headed out for a drive in the ' maro tonight thanks to < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
16 years on earth , and 9 years in heaven . We love and miss you < PROPFIRST > . 
had a nice day out with the fam & < PROPMALE > E . LOL 
it felt so nice to have an extra day to get some stuff done and spend time with the kiddos . This is how the weekends should feel ! 
Just doesn't understand some things . Insurance is one of these things . 
Really needs a dishwasher . Those dishes won't listen to me and just wash themselves ! At least if I had a dishwasher the dishes wouldn't be giving me dirty looks . 
is bored . Very bored . HELP !!! 
is headed to the demo derby . 
is not looking forward to tomorrow . However I have been smoke free for 6 weeks and 4 days , so I guess threats work . 
thanks everyone for the encouragement ! 
ended up staying home for the day , just lazing around . 
is headed out to the Last Fling . Hopefully they have some good food cause I'm starving !!! 
likes the scent of cinnamon rolls , but also likes to eat them . When they make a warmer that actually makes the food it smells like , or transports you to the places with those scents , let me know , cause THAT would be worth my time . :) 
Is looking for something fun to do tonight . I need to unwind a bit . 
is rearranging the kitchen cabinets . How exciting and adventurous of me ! LOL ( someone come save me ) 
ended the night on the porch in a snuggie , watching Master Chef on the computer and drinking a Green Apple Smirnoff . Now I am off to bed . 
I am going to be a follower today , so I have a question for you all . How did we meet ? 
needs more cheese for all the whine I have in this house . 
Is walking at skyview over lunch . 
Thinks maybe she should try to start her nightly walks a little earlier . 
Is enjoying Poppy's with the kiddos and my parents . 
has a sick kiddo . < PROPMALE > is drama at times , but he is definitely sick . 
wants things to get better , but has no idea how to do it . If things could just be as simple as they used to be it would be a cinch . 
some days I just need a redo button because nothing turns out right . Then I remember tomorrow is another < PROPMALE > to try to make things better . 
is watching a movie . A movie rated above PG ! Better write that on the calendar , b/c who knows when It\ll happen again . " 
is spending the morning at the children's reading festival with < PROPMALE > . 
is looking for 2 people who want to go to the Funnybone and see < PROPFIRST > Medicine Hat with us . We have 2 extra FREE tickets for the 10 pm show . 
wishes the weekend could slow down a bit . I don't feel rested and renewed yet ! 
You can Ask Me 3 Questions ( only in my inbox . . . thats the rule ) . Any Question . No Matter What Or How Crazy It Is I Will Answer . You Have My Full Honesty . But I Dare You To Put This As Your Status and See What Questions You Get . 
had some ups and downs today but is hoping that all the good things pan out ! 
has a sick lil girl and a nice sized headache . The day can only get better . NAPTIME ! 
like this status and i wil tell u 1 . something i learned from lookin at ur wall for 13sec 2 . The color u remind me of . 3 . My 1st memory of u . 4 . An animal u remind me of . 5 . Ask u somethin ive always wondered about u . 6 . My favorite thing about u . 7 . Give u a weird nickname . 8 . Challenge u 2 repost this ! 
now knows not to look at blogs that look funny . Before I knew it I was in this strange trance where I had to look at more and more . I almost didn't make it out ! 
thinks her husband has a problem . A tv commercial problem . Specifically the ones for insurance . Is there a support group for that ? 
My bank handed out screwdrivers for their 25th Anniversary . Fancy adaptable screwdriver < PROPFEMALE > , but could they be more obvious about it ;P 
I'm the wife who's sick of her husband's statuses so I hide him in my news feed . Now where's that hide < PROPFIRST > button in real life ? LOL ;P 
' s house is finally getting roofed today . It's a little late , but it's getting done . 
Is eating & then getting ready to party . Woot ! 
had a great time last night , and is hyped for the trick or treating tonight ! 
has so much to do that she needs to give herself a \lunch break . \ " Of course that includes checking facebook . LOL " 
is married to the oldest acting 32 year old I have ever seen . 
has a broken tv :( TV repair anyones specialty ? 
loves how excited and happy my kids can get with the smallest of things . I try to catch some of their enthusiasm to keep me going . 
hears the wind howling outside and I think it's mad I have yet to wrap my house in plastic and weather stripping . Whatever , I don't want to hear it . 
So I just got the glaze and stuffing for the Turkey on Sunday . The vodka wasn't too pricey , but man did I have to get a lot of valium ! That is how you make a turkey , right < PROPFEMALE > ? 
made it through Thanksgiving at my house without any < PROPMALE > disasters ! Woot ! 
is glad to have the girls back at home , even though Mia and I don't feel very good . 
wishes everyone a blessed Thanksgiving ! 
Word of the day : Balloonicle ! Yeah they've had them for a few years now , but I Love that word ! 
believes that if you already have your Christmas shopping done , you are an overachiever . And I may just be jealous :P . 
Is shopping in Fremont . Feel free to come join me ! 
needs to get some stuff done before bowling tonight . Cleaning machine !!! ( Not me , I just need one . Anyone have one I can rent for cheap ? ) 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) , there shouldbe no human faces on facebook but an invasion of memories to raise awareness for Violence Against Children . 
Enjoying cheesecake factory with my sis after some intense makeup shopping . Great girls night out ! 
Has totally awesome parents ! They have to be to put up with me . 
I'm home , so it's time to play the < PROPFIRST > game ! Please send me a message to my inbox with a number in between 0 and 1000 , and I will post your number and what I truely think of you on my status . Send away !! :) 
62- We've never really < PROPMALE > out , not even in high school , so I don't know you very well . High school was , well , high school . Anyway it seems like you are trying hard to give your son the best and doing a good job of doing that ! 
165 - I really don't know you . I think you have had to deal with a lot of things and have the strength to get through them . 
26- I remember you being a cheerful , happy , fun person to be around when we were in college . I hope that hasn't changed :) . I think you are someone who works hard to make her son's life experiences the best possible , and takes the time to enjoy and appreciate the little things . 
1- You tend to be a bit cocky , but usually can back it up . You're funny , with a sense of humor I can be jealous of at times . You also know how to make someone feel good about themselves . And you make cute kids . 
3- You seem wise beyond your years . But you're not stuck up about it , you're approachable . It seems like you accept people as they are and just chill . You're an awesome mom who makes everyday moments with her son special . 
2010 - Well , at first I thought you were shy , but then I realized it was a pretty messed up situation , lol . After careful review I think you are a person who makes friends for life . You look past people's faults and mistakes and see the good in people , even if you have to squint a little . 
325 - I have always seen you as a risk taker . You were always the person who would rather make her own path than blindly follow what everyone else was doing . You were great fun to < PROPFEMALE > out with , even if that fun could lead to some trouble ! 
02-I think you are still trying to figure out what you want in life , and find where you fit . I want you to be able to find what fits you instead !!! I also think you are a great friend and that we need to have a girls night out sometime . 
17- You saved my butt , and I am forever grateful . I think you are strong in your discipline , ethics , & willpower . But unlike some people I know like that , you also have a warm heart , compassion , and caring ( not just for animals either ;) despite what you said ) that make you a fun and inspiring person to be around . You are an awesome mom that tries hard to make memories with her little boy everyday :) 
22-You are protective , loving , and a good listener . This also leads to you being bossy , stubborn , and opinionated at times . But I know you do it with love . :) You make me laugh and help me out when I need a hand . You are my best friend for life ! 
will put up the tree today since we can't go see < PROPFEMALE > . 
is headed out to see < PROPFEMALE > . 
enjoyed yet another night of Pitch , but wonders : If I bowl and play cards every weekend , does that mean I am getting old ? 
is nervous about < PROPFIRST>' dr. appointment today . Praying whatever's wrong is fixable . 
wishes moments of joy were as easy to relive as times of pain . 
took a long nap ! I suppose I should wrap some presents now . 
Had fun playing Kinect games with the girls last night . Pheobe is all excited to play Kinectimals , but it's at mom's house . Can't wait for the super cuteness ! 
Hates the bleeping fog . 
is hoping to be able to do something for New Years < PROPFEMALE > ! Any ideas ? 
is so glad she has the day off today . I will stay warm and toasty in front of the heater and avoid driving . YAY ATO ! 
What a frustrating week ! Let's hope this isn't a preview for the rest of the year . Hoping the weekend improves my mood . 
I hate to sound a little preachy , but I keep seeing this status about God not being allowed in schools . God is in my heart wherever I go . I don't have to make a public pronouncement of it 24/7 . Be respectful and show people God's love by your actions , not by force . 
is snowed in for the day . < PROPMALE > was so tired he went to bed before 7 and is still not awake , so he doesn't know school was cancelled . He will be excited . 
so where have I been ? They changed the the zodiac signs ? What ? 
relax + laundry = This is an invalid function . Please try again . 
doesn't much like this weird dizzy feeling I can't get rid of , so will probably attempt to sleep it off . 
finds it interesting that the fridge is \TOO COLD ! \ " for Mia to put the pop back in it . Shouldn't have got it out in the first place baby ! I love kid logic . " 
Actually had a productive weekend . Who knew they existed ? 
will find that camera cord after I de-clutter the entire house . This is gonna take a year or two . 
Is considering going to Deno's for Karaoke . Maybe . If I can find someone to drag along . 
Is having card night at the house . The more the merrier ! 
Ahhh ! Quit shooting the < PROPFEMALE > ! I have had some good hands , but not that good . 
learned a new diva trait today . Apparently ice pops are to cold to hold and need paper towels around them . 
thinks the only positive thing to being sick today is that the weather also is sick . It matches how I feel . 
still hasn't found the cord to the camera . GRRR Hey , I know ! I could take pics of the pics with my cell phone and upload . LMAO , I don't think so ! 
apparently I don't taste as good as < PROPMALE > . LMAO ! 
is trying some mind tricks . If I stare at the laundry long enough , can I get it to fold itself and go into the drawers ? I'll find out today . 
is enjoying ABC Family today . Pixar film are so funny . 
wants the heater vent from the house on 5th Street to appear at my house . Sunheat's not the same ! 
forced torture . After parent teacher conferences an extremely tired , screaming toddler , I decided to bite the bullet and just give the cat a bath . 
< PROPMALE > thinks I should get off work early today since it's Valentines Day . He was surprised I had to work . < PROPFEMALE > cute ! 
knows someone needs to get over themselves and suck it up . 
on a more positive note , Yummy ! Cheddar Biscuits ! 
had a loooong day , saw a beautiful baby , and is now relaxing with the kiddos watching Over The Hedge . 
wishes everyone would try a little harder to understand others and stop being so self centered . 
< PROPMALE > and Colbert are about the only people that can make me laugh about politics when I'm to the point I start to question whether thinking is obsolete . 
thinks Saturday night would be a great night for a girls night out ! Let's make it happen ! 
Pampered chef party food for lunch . Yum ! 
is amazed how much drama some people feel the need to stir up . Thank goodness I don't need anything stirred , and nor is anyone doing the stirring , but seriously people , the world would be a better place if you just MYOB when it comes to most things . 
Had a late night but it was fun . Now it's time to see how I can hold up at a kid's birthday party with only a few hours sleep . :) 
Great birthday party despite the servers & wait for food . Man , kids grow up way to fast ! 
Just got done watching Unstoppable , great movie . Only one lil one still up , but she is being good . 
Horders : Buried Alive makes me feel a little less crazy . Mostly because I can walk on my floor . Ahh , the simple pleasures . 
had a wonderful time at two cute kiddos birthdays . My niece Justenne turned 5 ( she's growing up too fast ! ) , and a friend's kiddo , Kolten , had his 1st birthday party . 
doesn't like homework . How would a 2nd grader know what a herpetologist is ? I wasn't sure , but it sounded dirty . Thank you google for filling in the blanks before I spell out the whole word . LOL 
has a strange feeling today is going to end up like the rest of the week . 
is immersed in lego < PROPFEMALE > wars cupcake ideas . I think i'm getting in a little deep for a person who barely makes boxed cupcakes that look cool , but hey , I can dream . 
it's Easy Bake Day ! Their frosting just won't do the trick though , so we've got some packaged stuff . 
Chocolate chocolate cookie dough cupcakes at my house . Nom Nom Nom . 
Happy birthday to < PROPMALE > ! Can't believe you're 8 already ! 
I love the complexities of things . It makes life so much richer than judging by first looks or soundbites . 
has too many feelings right now . An overwhelming sense of confusion reigns above them all . :s 
Last night one of my windows decided it no longer wanted to be attached to my house . Thank goodness it was only an outer window . 
is changing the party to the 17th since I am a goof and didn't think about Easter before setting a date . 
had kindergarten round up with Pheobe tonight . She is growing up so fast ! 
< PROPMALE > says \I drink milk out of a face . \ " He has 7 pages of homework due Monday because he was sick on Thursday . This is gonna suck . " 
Grocery Shopping Day , aka lets go wander Walmart for 3 hours day , has arrived ! 
absolutely needed some DYAC laughs tonight and was not disappointed ! DYAC , I'm addicted ! 
< PROPFIRST > won the Allied Health/Science scholarship at Northeast . Now if we only knew what Allied Health is . . . Lol . Congrats hun ! 
thinks sometimes the smallest , most innocent things bring back floods of memories of you . I wouldn't have it any other way , even when I cry :) 
is cleaning cleaning cleaning for tomorrow , and praying the weather continues to get better . 
is ready to Party ! 
Happy 3rd birthday to my baby girl Mia ! Time flies ! 
just got her butt kicked on the Kinect < PROPMALE > of the Ring . < PROPMALE > and Pheobe are getting too good at this ! 
Loves Friday nights ! Even when I can't seem to figure out how to bowl it's still the best . 
is planning on getting to an Easter Egg hunt today if these kids shape up . I don't like whine in the morning . 
hopes everyone has a happy Easter ! 
I think I need to go to bed . I'm talking to < PROPMALE > , Tuck , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > on WonderPets . \This is serious . \"" 
is having a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > kind of night . 
I think I will do what everyone says and have a great day . Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
bored , bored , bored , bored 
is at my nephew's 1st birthday party ! Happy birthday Liam ! 
this is the first 3 hour fit Mia's had in a long time . I have the feeling she feels about the same way I do . 
Osama Bin Laden is dead ! They finally got him ! 
Repo games is just scary . How do they pick people that stupid ? 
Watching < PROPMALE > jam out to the Dodge Elementary/ Jr. High band playing < PROPFEMALE > Wars was definitely the highlight of the day ! They decided to play it at the concert just because they knew he would like it , and did he ever ! 
is attempting this thing called yardwork . Please feel free to stop by and bring beer . 
Mother's day . A day to remind all mothers that while fathers can have other interests and lives outside of raising children , your family would might fall apart if you do too much extra . 
I would like to wish a Happy Mother's Day to my mom < PROPFEMALE > Glissman who is hopefully hunting mushrooms right now . Happy mother's day ! I know you have done more for me than I will ever realize or know ! 
Waiting for motivation . It's running late as usual . Doesn't it know that Monday's already come and gone ? 
