New Years pictures on Myspace . :D 

got my belly pierced . :) One more to go . 
My neck feels like its trying to hold up a million pound head . I can't look down at all . I have a really bad headache . I feel like poop . ( 
Gots a new tat . 
The FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . after you follow all the steps scroll up or down ... then the circles will appear . 
I hate leaving my kitties at the kennel !!! 
YAY . I get to bring them with me . Hahaha . They're gonna HATE IT !!! 
So much for straight hair ! Ahh curse you rain !! 
Worst \Christmas\ " ever . " 
Hooome . Forgot my camera ! 
Work in an hour . Boo . 
I made it up my drive way . Woot woot . 
GAH . I'd be gone by now if lint rollers weren't hide and seek champions .. 
To read ... or do laundry ... that is the question . 
I think I've put off cleaning this office as long as i can . Laundry here I come . Ugh . Muuuuuuusic is in need . 
What to get him for V-day . Oiy . Christmas was hard enough !! 
Eatin ' fruit and starting a new book . Text me . 
Home alone tonight . 
Five tips for women : 1 . It is important that a man helps you around the house and has a job . 2 . It is important that a man makes you laugh . 3 . It is important to find a man you can count on and doesn't lie to You . 4 . It is important that a man loves you and spoils you . 5 . It is important that these four men don't know each other . 
Time to CLEAN ! 
Scratch that cleaning . Get to go to work now instead . 
I got my power back ! Wewt . 
I need a new digital camera . 
Bought a new camera . :D 
Stupid facebook wont let me upload pictures . 
Hates being allerigic to Earth . 
Sickly . 
I fixed my kitchen door ! All by myself . Heck yes ! Mrs. Fix it right here . 
Updated the \event\ " I invited people to .... go check out what i've got so far . " 
Dear laundry , quit being lazy and fold yourself . 
I need a new tattoo . 
Oh snow , you don't belong here . 
Decorating eggs in a little bit . Woot woot . 
Sooooo worn out . Bed time . 
booreeddd . day three at the gym later . 
SOOO < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Skirt weather ! YES ! 
Just got done at the park with Hampton , < PROPMALE > , and her cute little family . :) 
Soooo sickly . 
just ate for the first time in 24 hours . maybe that'll help . hopefully it stays down . 
work work work at 5 . 
Hey Facebook , how about you work correctly for once .... can you do that for me ? 
Hooow did I let my house get so nasty !!!!???? Bah . Yet , I'm on here instad of cleaning . Hmm ... 
Cancelling Gamefly . :( 15.95 a month for one game at a time is just too much . 
I have to take out my belly button ring . :( Again . Guess it's just not meant to be . 
Already done with work for today . Now what am I supposed to do ? 
Ugh . Laundry . 
Woohoo off till next Friday ! What's we doin !? 
Youre in the movies ! 
Tiiiiiiired . 
One month , five days . :) 
Might get my hair cut today . Where should I go ? 
rawr . 
Off to finally give my car a much needed cleaning . Be back in about 4 hours . Ha . 
Woo only took me 2 hours ! Clean , smelly good car ! 
Work till 11 . Come spend money ! 
Today has sucked in little everyway . And things just continue to go wrong . I don't want to be awake anymore . Goodnight . 
Maybe i'm bipolar . Hmmmmmmmm . 
Done with work till next Friday . Haha . 
Seriously ? Laundry at 11:13 on a Friday night ??? That's my reality . 
Must ... stay ... awake ... 
Lawton tomorrrowwww . I'm just excited to not feel like crap anymore ! 
Ahh good shopping day . :) Got me some Sketcher Shape-Ups . 
sleepy sleepy ! 
Pictures soon . 
Wont let me upload the rest of the pictures . So i'll give it a break for a bit , try again later . Some are up though ! 
waiting to watch date night woot woot ! 
halooo . 
bbbooorrreeeddd . 
Definately staying cooped up in the house till I have to pick up < PROPFIRST > from work . Not going near Main street . 
Iron Man 2 at 4:35 . 
mmmmm root beer float . :) 
Almost mall time . :) 
Woo . New phone ! HTC Touch Pro 2 ! Folks with my phone number need to send me a picture so I can put it as your contact picture !!! 
Pictures people , where are the texts with your pictures !? 
Everyone fails except < PROPFIRST > . 
Looks like it's an early bedtime for me tonight . 
listening to loud folks be loud even though there has already been one noise complaint . :p shhhh guys .... shhhh ..... 
Bedtime . I supposed I'll be back up around 4 to pick up < PROPFIRST > . Ha . Then it's back to sleep for me ! 
work work work , back to work I go ... 
I need to be cleaning . REALLLLLY need to be cleaning . Bejeweled here I come . 
I have such a horrible headache . :( 
3 movies down . 2 to go . I'm thinkin ' credit for all 5 is not going to happen . 
Root canal in 30 minutes . :( 
No root canal today . Good and bad . But apparently it's all my fault . I thought you weren't supposed to blame the patient ?? 
I hate my air conditioner ! 
sittin . bout to head into the stadium for for graduation 2010 . 
pong with mystery liquid ;) 
tryin to decide if i should even bother trying to sleep since i have to be up at 8 . stupid heat ... ruined my sleepy time . 
bout to do my make up in the car .. with an ac ... I really don't want it all to melt off before I even finish putting it on !!! 
Thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes . :) 
SO tired of it being too hot to even move .... 
No more birthday party . 
Never mind . Birthday party at Madisons . :) Her AC works . Haha . 
I need people to comment this status to let me know you know the birthday is not cancelled anymore !!!!! I'm too lazy to mass text everyone . :) 
so who else has no electricity in altus ? 
Tonight better still be fun . 
It's at my place again . The window unit I have cools the living room enough to be in there tonight . AGAIN , let me know when you see this !!! 
feels like listening to country . Hmm ... * itunes * 
It wont let me upload the rest of my pictures . So it'll be a little while for the rest . 
Got a few more pictures up before Facebook acted up again . Try again later . 
ducks and geese make me nervous . but next time im totally brining my camera . 
Off to Nebraska in a few ! Woot woot . 
bowlin and winnin . yup . 
omaha zoo is great ! cant wait to see the big kitties !!! 
Been back in town since about 4:30 and im just now able to sit and relax ... UGH . Welcome home . 
Hungry hungry hippo . 
Bed time , work in the morning . 
Stupid phone . :( 
Online shoppin . :) 
Just ordered a bathing suit online . Lets hope it fits ! Haha . 
Time to re-read Eclipse for the movie . Don't judge me . 
My street is a river at the moment . 
My dogs are babies when it comes to storms . Ugh . 
Work . I'm so tired . :( 
Gym time ! Time to go pretend I can lose this belly ! 
I could really use a wish right now . 
Why would you offer Behavior Science as a degree when you don't even offer all of the classes to complete it ? 
Toy Story 3 later . :D 
What to do today ...... 
Going to clean my bedroom . If you don't hear from me by tomorrow , send a search party . :) 
So .. * sneezes * .. much ... * sneezes * ... dust ... * sneezes * 
< PROPMALE > , you're gonna kill me with these gym workouts !!!! But atleast I'll die hot ! :D 
I'm so sore ! Ahhhh . 
Rawr . 
Plaza in like 30 . 
Sooo tiiirrreeeddd ... bout to have to stay awake through work till 9 . :( 
Eclipse was good , gym was good .. now shower time then LEGO < PROPMALE > Potter ! :D 
Work work work . 
Woot ! one week till we're back on the road to Nebraska . 
Electric weed eaters suck ! 
If I have my way , my house will be near spotless by the time we leave Friday . I love coming home to a clean house , so lets hope I can get it all done ! 
Totally failed on the cleaning house before I leave . Atleast the kitchen is clean ... 
YES ! Down to the last of the laundry . One in the dryer and one in the washer ! I ran out of hangers two loads ago ... 
Nebraska bound in about 30 minutes ! Text me , I may not answer right away since I'm the only driver ! 
< PROPFIRST > H . Woods Telepone museum ... best museum ever . Bahaha . 
Such a push over ! :P 
Gonna get blown away or were all gonna drown ! this rain came outta no where yet were still tryin to get to a hastings on the way back to < PROPMALE > haha 
Water Park tomorrow ! :D 
Hoooooooome ! 
Think it's already time for bed ... 
Back to work in an hour . :( 
Almost got a new < PROPFEMALE > today . Talked myself out of it tho and now I'm sad . :( 
Just made a wishlist on pancharmbracelets.com .... just sayin ... :) 
Haha . Working Mon-Friday and STILL only end up with 15 hours ... really ? 
Can't sleep . :S 
That ' If You Really Knew Me ' show on MTV is depressing . 
New do . :) 
Just loaded pictures of my new do . :) I loooove it . 
Nothing to do tonight . :( 
Woot . I do have a friend !!! :) 
What to do todayy ... 
Lake bound at like 4 ! 
Good day . :) Now for some Wal-Mart then Clash of the Titans . 
Not looking forward to this grocery shoppin trip . Ugh . 
Off to tha gym . 
Off to the gym again . Alone this time . :( 
I can't find my cameraaaaa . :( 
According to multiple websites , in order for me to be at a \healthy weight\ " I have to lose atleast 30 pounds . :S I need more time for the gym . " 
Woot . Next tattoo design in the works ! 
Bored out of my mind ... 
Thinkin ' it's about time for bed . 
Everyone always works on my day off . :( 
Putting up pictures of Ac's birthday party ! 
\i was trying to find the notes for the halo theme song but then i realized i dont know how to read them so it doesnt really matter . \"- andrew .... sometimes i wonder about him . " 
Listening to AFI . Man ... memories . 
Off to tha gym ! 
treadmillin and facebookin . :) 
Goin to The Plazaaaaa . :D 
skate park dood . go . 
It's \stupid people\ " day at Wal-Mart . Don't go . Seriously I was in there 5 minutes and came out in a very bad mood . :S " 
Gym in 30 . Ugggghhh . It's workin tho ! 3lbs in a week ! Woot woot . 
halooooo 
I've got a weird/bad feeling in the pit of my stomach . I wonder what bad is going to happen . Hm .. 
Work at 10 in the morning . Goodnight . 
Just finished watching The Runaways . It was good . 
Headed to Lawton ! 
So much for a day off ! Ha . 
watchin our family wedding all by myself . 
Our Family Wedding was pretty cute . 
Man , searching for people online is difficult . Everything wants me to pay , and it's not that worth it . 
Laundry Laundry Laundry .. 
Great Mouse Detective or < PROPMALE > and Company ? 
No work till 5:30 . Then it's no day off for a week . :S 
Bouta watch Vampires Assistant . Haha . 
Work work work . Two shifts left before I finally get my day off ! 
If anyone knows of a place I can put these flyers for Hastings Midnight Release Monday night please let me know . Maybe your job ?? 
Lead singer of LFO died . :( 
Screw you allergies ! 
One more long shift then it's FINALLY my day off . :D 
Goin to Tahoe in 2 weeks ! 
Only 4 1/2 hours of sleep . Guess that's what I get for staying up till 9 a.m. 
So I get home and Im excited cuz the lawn is mowed .. So I say something to < PROPFIRST > about him mowing ... turns out he didn't mow .... we have no idea who mowed our yard today ... but thanks ! 
Really took off work for a 15 minute dentist appt . Gah . 
This cough needs to go away , but instead it just keeps getting worse ! UGH . 
Bout to start packin ! 
officially been up for 24 hours . been following my uncle in the 72 mile ultra marathon since 10 pm last night . hes on his last 20 < PROPMALE > . we cant follow anymore so were finally stopping for breakfast ! 
bout to board the plane to LA . maybe we'll see a celebrity ! 
We're Hoooooooome ! 
I should really get to bed . :( What a waste of time . 
Back in that \all I wanna do is read\ " phase . " 
Bout to watch Iron Man 2 outside on the shed ! woot woot . 
Status update about sports #34587436 ... yep ... still old and not so entertaining . 
\look we need some routendew \"- andrew wanting some root beer while thinking mtn dew . " 
Time fer bed . 
It's too early . :( Someone go to work for me . :) 
It's much too early for bed but this headache is making me reconsider . 
someone come do my hair for me . haha . 
I donated blood today . :) 
Thinkin about tryin to go back to sellin stuff on Ebay .. definately need some extra cash without getting a second job . 
I need to quit reading . Even the murder mysteries get more romance than me . Grr . 
Cupcake experiments trial #2 about to start . I have more tools to work with this time . :) 
ahhhh watchin beauty and the beast . * heaven * 
Try the grey stuff .. it's delicious . Don't believe me ? Ask the dishes . 
cupcakes are baked . now i have no idea how im going to use these decorating tools with no skills ! 
I hate my air conditioner and its moodyness ! 
is in a dress . weird . 
Finally uploading pictures from my big camera . I have stuff on here from November . Hahahaha . < PROPFIRST > still had dreads ! 
I'll be putting up the pictures from Tahoe eventually theres just some I want to photoshop first so I must wait until I can find a little more time . 
I'm about half way through the Tahoe pictures . Couple more days I think . 
I need a maid . 
I'm gonna be a lady bug for halloween . :D 
I need to figure out what I wanna be when I grow up . :/ 
Halloween party tomorrow . :) 
My cat was sniffing stuff in a bag from goodwill ... he got his head stuck in the handle hole thing .. He flipped out ran all across the house throwing the items all over the place and ended up under the bed . My bed is huge therefore ... I continued to enjoy my McDonalds and waited for him to come out on his own so I could be the hero and take the dumb bag off his neck . Oiy . ( those that know my kitties ... this was patches ) 
I need two super small safety pins . :( 
Goin out in public as a lady bug ! Unfinished make-up though . :( 
Cleaning up is the part I hate . 
So Jeremie \went to go get the car\ " like .. an hour ago .. lol " 
Halloween pictures are up . :) 
Tonight is just not the night to sleep I guess . I feel like someone is stabbing my brain right behind my right eye ( started on my way home from work ) . I've been having crazy weird nightmares and I'm afraid to sleep because of the nightmares and the stupid brain issue . :( 
GAH ! I cant not WAIT to go to Nebraska ! 
20 minutes till my 1-10 shift . man oh man . 
What'd I miss ? 
Mmmmm food from the grill :) 
work work work 10-6 . 
Gonna be soooo bored these next few days !!! 
I wanna be a mystery shopper . 
< PROPFEMALE > , GET A COSTUME ! 
About to learn the < PROPMALE > of training a dragon . :) Just in case . 
I knew I'd like it , but that movie was way better than I expected !!! :D lol 
Gotta drive to Lawton alone , in the dark , immediately after work to go pick up < PROPFIRST > . :/ 
Excited to be in Nebraska tomorrow ... definately NOT excited to drive all the way there . 
We're in Nebraska ! Woooo . 
< PROPFIRST > made 2 kids cry and one fall down . Meanie . 
< PROPFIRST > got the mindflex toy ... 
Heading back to Oklahoma in a bit . 
Alright , NOW we're Oklahoma bound . :) 
Hoooooome and tiiiiiired . 
Sprint wont answer their phone . What kinda PHONE store is this ? :P 
Gotta wait a week before we can switch to Sprint . :( 
Gettin our Evos tomorrow . :) 
Posting this from my evo . :) 
Gots work tonight 7 to 12 . Midnight release for call o ' duty . 
Someone please come figure out why my office smells of rotten eggs . :S 
So ... sick ... 
Pwnt . Temperature at 100.2 :( I knew my head felt funny . 
spaggetti and meat ball ravioli makes it a little bit better . 
Enjoying my day lounging on the couch doing absolutely nothing trying to feel better . Too bad I don't have some meeds that actually work . 
Alright I'm just not meant for sitting around all day . I'm freakin ' bored . 
Plants vs zombies is stealing my life and my sleep . 
Who doesn't have electricity in altus ? 
I REALLY need to be re-reading HP 7 . 
Bout to rip these stupid nails off . 
Worked 10:45 a.m to 9 p.m tonight . Definately exhausted . 
One more reasonably short shift then I finally get two days off . Definately excited . 
Ugh . :/ 
YAY ! Amazing jacket wearing weather . :D 
Burger < PROPMALE > drive thru is ridiculously slow . Ma < PROPMALE > me late to get < PROPFIRST > for his lunch . Good job bk . 
< PROPFIRST>'s gettin Kinect tomorrow ! Woop woop . 
Dance central tomorrow . All alone . I'll be amazing by the end of the day . :) 
Gonna turn the music up way too loud while I do my hair . :) ' Cause that's how I roll . 
I love when my hair does what I tell it too . :) 
D-I-N-O-S-O-U-R 
:/ 
Can't spell crap without rap . :) just sayin . 
I don't wanna go back work . 
What number to I call to talk to a human at the stupid theatre here !? I wanna know if HP is sold out tonight . :( 
Ha . Only two people here for hp other than me and < PROPFIRST > . Heck yes . I'm gonna start goin to the movies on Monday nights . 
Victorias Secret breaks me . :( 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why would we continue raising pay for those who take NO risks and reap the benefits ? Keep it going if you agree ! 
On average .. how long can a tire last with a nail in it ? 
Already hungry . No food till noon . :( 
Made it to both thanksgiving on time . That's just how good I am . 
Cupcakes done ( and delicious ) and deviled eggs done ( not so good ) . Food may be done for tomorrow , but I am definately not ready to get up at 5 in the morning . :/ 
' Bout to head to work . Oiiiyyy . 
Come buy movies from Hastings ! I don't wanna have to put them up tomorrow . Blu rays starting at 799 . :) 
Black Friday shift FINALLY done . Time to sleep . :D 
I wanna get a make over just to see what they would do . Hahaha . 
I don't know how smokers can stand being covered in this stinch all the time ! I smell terrible from only an hour ! 
So tired of being sick all the time . Getting closer to deciding to go to the doctor finally . 
Almost done Christmas shopping ! 
Work work work ! Days off are few and far between . 
These < PROPFIRST > are annoying and I'm bored ... bed here I come . :) 
Geez . Tried 3 different doctors before I found one that would take new patients ! And the earliest they could get me in is Tuesday . Just cause I finally gave in and made this appointment ... I'll be better by Tuesday . That's how it works right ? 
I'm getting a Kindle for Christmas . :) <3 
My dog caught a squirrel .... :( poor squirrel . 
Two days off went by way too fast . :( 
I forgot how much I liked Drake and < PROPMALE > bahahah 
Really not feeling so hot . < PROPFIRST > and I are both sick now . 
Sitting in the doctors office playing the waiting game . Ugh . 
11 a.m. and errands are done . Now to make an attempt at these dishes . :/ 
Procrastinaaaaaaating . The sad part is I'm procrastinating not because I don't want to get ready but because I'm just that lazy . 
I'm about to upload a video of Ac that is mandatory for all my friends to watch . :) Actually I might be putting two , depending on how quickly this one loads . 
BAH ! I need a stay at home job . I just don't get along with people . 
Doobie Doobie doo . 
Bunch of guys bowling for wings from applebees . Oh < PROPMALE > . 
Bout to brave Walmart for some freakin trash bags lol 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
Pluggin in my Kindle ! :D :D 
Murdy Christmuck ! 
So ... tired ... 
A trip to Lawton is definately in order . I've got to spend these giftcards ! :D 
Anyone know what food places are open ??? 
So frustrated ! 
Can't sleep cause this stupid cough prevents me from breathing when I lay down . :( I have work at 8 in the morning . 
Woo ! 3 books on my Kindle so far . One already finished . Hahaha . 
Blood drive is back in town on Tuesday . Noon to 6 at the community center . People should go . :) Newspaper says you get a free pair of gloves . lol 
So .. were taking care of a lost little Chihuahua mix lookin dog that showed up at the house . Anyone know of someone missin a puppy ? 
Check out the puppy pictures please . 
No luck finding the family through vets today . :( Keep your ears open for someone that lost their puppy . Definately Chihuahua mixed probably with some sort of terrier . 
Finally going to get rid of this dog today . Woot woot . 
Lawton today with < PROPFEMALE > . Woop woop . 
:/ House still isn't clean for Friday . haha 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for helping me clean my mess of a house ! :D 
There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age . Remove yourself by searching your name , find the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , then go to the bottom right corner of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on the Privacy button to remove yourself . PLEASE copy & re-post so your FB friends are aware . 
Time for a nap ! 
work from 915 to who-knows-when . Fun stuff . 
kindle kindle kindle :) 
Definately ready to have my days off . 
Book shopping again . In the Teen section . bahahaha . 
Anyone have a computer that still has a floppy drive ? And does anyone know if the library does ? 
Definately exhausted . 
Lawton today . :) 
Bout to watch Gullivers Travels . 
Gettin my red lobster on . Loooooooove this place ! 
worrrrk 5-10 . so ...... excited .... 
What's goin ' on tonight ? 
Man . I am getting old and boring ... 2 a.m. is a late night for me now-a-days . Goodnight Facebook . 
Rawr ! 
More opinions on my note , yo ! Even if I didn't tag you in it . hahaha 
So .. who else has no electricity ? 
Good thing I'm off tomorrow . My legs are going to be killing me ! 
\wait a second .. are you gonna get some ground meaf ?...... did I just say meaf ? \ " - < PROPFIRST > ...... I'm dying of laughter in Walmart . " 
Work in 30 minutes . :( 
showa tiiiime 
* yaawwwn * 
Disqualified because of a little ghetto tattoo on his neck . That junk is gettin removed ! 
What to do todayyy .. 
Nutrisystem is ordered ! 
I hope it's amazing out tomorrow again . 
Shorts weatherrrrr ! :D 
Cupcakes . :D 
I want Zoo Tycoon ... the original Rollercoaster Tycoon . 
Okay time for new books . Throw ' em at me . Well .. not literally please . 
Got half of my Nutrisystem ! Not going to start it till after this storm though . Don't wanna lose electricity and not be able to cook it ! 
It's all so ridiculous . 
My dogs are lovin this ! I would too if the wind wasn't so annoying . 
My car did so good . :) got a little worried in the united parking lot but it pulled through . Woot . Now for work with no customers . 
<3 
My toilet and bathroom sink don't work but my kitchen sink and bathtub have no issues . wtf ? 
Off work , now what ? 
Pwnt . Now none of the water works ... how am I supposed to go without a toilet ? Leave everytime I need to pee ? Really ? 
Woo pipes thawed . Still can't use my own shower though . :( Drainage pipe seems to be leaking from the bathtub . 
Started Nutrisystem this morning ! Now I have to keep myself busy somehow so that I don't think about how HUNGRY I am ! 
Oranges are not appetizing when < PROPFIRST > is next to me making a hamburger :( ... On the up side , he did save my computer from a virus . :D 
3rd breakfast for Nutrisystem = not very fantastic . :( 
man . i feel like all I've done today is read . geez . 
I'm hungry , so it looks like it's about time for bed . 
Welp , done with that series also . 
I think I'm gonna make a \stuff i'm selling\ " album . but I'm feeling too lazy to take pictures of the stuff . haha " 
Bored . 
man . by the looks of all this stuff .. I'm gonna have to have like 3 garage sales . 
Scratch that \3 garage sales\ " it's looking like 14 . " 
Pwnt . I'd have to pay 60 dollars to cancel nutrisystem because I haven't done \at least two shipments\ " ... so its pay that or pay for another month then cancel for free . I hate the fine print . " 
Skate park . Haven't been here in forever . 
Definitely going back to bed after work . :/ 
Ugh ! Tryin to put up the picture of my table I'm selling but it's not letting me ! Super frustrated . 
Woo ! Garage boxes are sorted ! Except the holiday stuff . Now the annoying part ... going through the house picking up random things I don't want anymore . :/ 
My tummy hurts ! 
2 weeks done on Nutrisystem . 8 lbs lighter . :) 
I really just wanna sleep the day away but instead I have to go to work . 
Today was .... is still ..... awesome . :/ 
Off for the next 3 days . < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret on Thursday with < PROPFEMALE > . Heck yes ! 
I vote .. in order to make up for ditching me last night , < PROPFIRST > has to marry me . Who agrees ? :) 
Gonna watch Due Date tonight . :) 
So sick , so sick of bein ' tired and oh so tired of bein ' sick . 
To clean my car .. or not to clean my car .. 
Woo clean car ! Well .. as clean as I could get it anyway ! haha 
I lost my camera charger . :/ 
Today was fun . :) Finally got to spend my < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret giftcards from Christmas ! 
Pizza hut doesn't even compare to applebees . Damn you everyone else in altus deciding to go to applebees ! You made it too packed to go ! 
I need company while I try to gather more stuff for the garage sale . lol 
I just do not have the will power to clean the house or gather things for the garage sale instead of sitting around being lazy . 
Pretty excited . :) 
Lawl 
Anyone need wood ? ( mind out of the gutter please ) We have a bunch that I am definitely not moving with . 
So < PROPFIRST > is officially gone till Wednesday night . :( 
Next/last month of Nutrisystem ships tomorrow . Took out the crappy meals ! Unfortunately that means I'll be having the same stuff over and over because not a whole lot of it was great ! 
I think my drain is finally getting fixed tomorrow !!! 
Anyone want some \decorative\ " pillows ? Bout to put ' em in my \ " stuff I'm selling \"." 
Bouta watch Megamind I think . 
work work work . < PROPFIRST > will be home by the time I get home . :) 
Washing the dogs = fail . My house smells terrible now . 
So the plumber got my hopes up . He said he'd be here after 1:30 . It's almost 4:30 now . I don't think he's showing .... 
Gonna be another good night ! 
I would become more social right before we finally move . :( 
Wasn't there a way to rearrange pictures in an album ? 
Heck yes . Pictures are amazing . 
Woo Lawton bound here in a few . 
Today would be an amazing day if it wasn't so < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
< PROPFIRST > says I need warm milk and a nap . Haha apparently I'm cranky . 
Loves getting up to go to work 30 minutes before anyone is actually supposed to open the store . Good thing my car is comfy . 
Woo I get to kittysit Cripple ! 
Shower time in my own shower !!!! After almost a month and a half I was starting to think it would never be fixed ! 
Got the shower fixed , got more contacts and new lenses for my glasses , trip to wal-mart is done . I feel very productive today and my plans aren't even half over ! 
I'm adding to that new picture folder later . It's Applebees time ! 
Tryin ' to decide which room to do today . I really need to get goin ' on this garage sale . 
Gonna go attempt to start taking apart this half pipe . All .. alone . :( lol 
Trying to load a picture of the ring set but stupid phone/facebook wont let me ! GRR ! 
Ha work till 8 . Maybe I can get lucky and leave at 7 . 
Cranky < PROPFIRST > is out again today . 
Bout to take Cripple to Hastings with me . She gets to go home today ! 
Cleanin ' out the storage tomorrow . :/ Ha I mean .. getting handed boxes after they have been thoroughly checked for creepy crawlies .. 
Garage sale is this weekend . Saturday and Sunday . Come buy stuff ! 
It just took me like 4 hours to go through a box of pictures . SOOO much stuff ! 
So much stuff ! There's no way I can fit it all on my lawn ! 
Done pricing things for the night . Guess I'll just go with the flow in the morning and see what happens . 
So .... tired .... 
I probably should have realized the sun doesn't even come up until 7:30 a.m. 
Quit bein lazy and get outta bed ! Come buy my stuff ! 
Lots of people that said they were coming by totally didn't . A little cold got you cryin ? :p 
Garage Sale is tomorrow also guys . Bout 10 , maybe a little after , is when I'll be out there . 
No garage sale today . Probably have it again weekend after this coming weekend . 
Gonna watch It Takes Two after bowling tonight . :) 
Pretty excited to leave on Friday . 
Action verb for a slinky ? \I slunk yesterday ... \ " \ " wanna go slink ? \ " These are the conversations < PROPFIRST > and I have . " 
Nice FREEZING walk around the reservoir with my < PROPMALE > . :) 
Red Bull Cupcake = fail 
My comfy warm bed is callin ' my name ! 
Oh life , why can't you be easier ? 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > just ate rotten soy milk . 
80's glow bowling at 7 ! 
Man oh man . 
Allergies ... you will be the death of me . 
Headin ' back to Oklahoma in the morning . As long as this weather passes us okay . 
\I gotta get the taste of this weiner outta my mouth\ " - < PROPFIRST >." 
Oklahoma bound starting now . Be home late , making a stop in okc for the mall . 
Ready to move ! And dreading the move . All at the same time . 
I'm hoooooome ! 
