still can't wrap my mind around the fact that I will never attend woodson again , or see a lot of people ever again . 

bored bored bored blah 
has a mission . 
is making chocolate fritters ... Instantly fantastic ! 
It's official .... Saturday August 1st my mother , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , will be the official owner of the Sweet Life Cafe , soon to be Choices by < PROPFIRST > . Come on by !!! 
And the countdown begins .... 4 days 
.... 2 days 
First day of class , and my last day being a minor ! Woohoo !! 
3 hours 40 minutes left .... 
is legal !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
THUNDERSTORM !!!! what a fantastic birthday present ! 
Thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes :) I had a fabulous day ... with lots of firsts ;) 
I love college ! Where else can you go and be told your going to be insulted for the rest of your life , read a play a week , read comic books , and move , lift , and organize pieces of wood all in the same day ? 
Going home !! Come by Choices !! GRAND OPENING !!!!! woot woot :) 
feels the need to change this status , but has no ideas as to what ... Stagecraft in 15 < PROPFEMALE > , there that works ! 
It's the weekend ... yay ! 
feels kinda lame .... no comments from Tash please . 
wants to know how to unfan people on facebook ... Anyone ? 
now knows how to unfan people .... thanks ally !!!! 
loves stretch math ... take home test question number one ... picture an election preference table ... How many people voted in this election ? haha ... ha ! 
has been sitting at the computer listening to music for half an hour all to then be scared to death by the fact that her roommate is actually in the room ... sleeping . 
stupid computer got a virus .... Sadness . 
has a rib out ... at least I'm pretty sure ... and no ideas how to fix it . 
You know why majoring in theatre is the best decision ever ? Where else are you graded on the ability to be a seven year old . 
Just found out something really interesting ... and sad 
stuck on the life scene ! How is it so hard to script something that actually happened ? 
Looking for something to do tonight ... Anyone ? 
Bored ... very bored ... 
I know I'm in trouble when while flipping channels I land on HSN and it's all about shoes ... It's a good thing I don't have money . 
Who puts a folded flag inside a mother's hand ? Belief can , belief can . Who puts a hundred thousand children in the sand ? Belief can , belief can . 
hates Ally Cuddy and < PROPFIRST > Frost . 
so much to do ... so little time ... 8 days until I can breathe . 
so much to do .... so little time ... 7 days until I can breathe 
First college auditions ... done . Soooooo glad 
I is bored ... 
is supposed to be doing a lot of other things .... but it can wait ... maybe 
needs to be off of facebook and writing this paper . Can you tell I'm failing miserably ? 
FDP !! One down one to go ! 
6am and I haven't gone to sleep yet ... class in 2.5 hours . Yay for no sleep ! 
Forgot my phone at home . It's gonna be a long few days ... sadness 
Memorization fail ... Life scenes fail . 
All of a sudden I really want to dance ... 
Can't seem to hold you like I want to so I can feel you in my arms nobody's gonna come and save you we pulled too many false alarms we're goin down and you can see it too we're goin down and you know that we're doomed my dear We're Slow Dancing in a Burning Room . 
MY PHONE IS BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
needs a technologically savvy person . Help ... please . 
Thinks that FI is the most useless class to ever come into existence . 
really really dislikes 11 < PROPFEMALE > articles on Bhutan . Especially when 3 would have said it all . 
doesn't like worrying ... 
Really really enjoys me some < PROPFIRST > Scissorhands . 
just spent the past 10 minutes laughing hysterically over absolutely nothing ... don't know whether to laugh or cry ... apparently it's laughing time . 
just wants to say what she wants to say , but if it doesn't go her way , then things will never be okay . 
I think that possibly , maybe I'm falling for you . Yes there's a < PROPMALE > that I'm falling quite hard over you . 
needs a massage ... my shoulders hurt . :( 
Can today get any worse ?... Don't answer that . 
Mad that everyone gets to go home tomorrow but I still have class Wednesday morning . 
really wishes that her c key would work like it's supposed to . Words like whih and wath don't ome out so nice ... One more paper til the end of the semester !!! 
wishes it was snowing because then it would be okay for the cold to exist . 
WISHES REALLY DO COME TRUE ! It started snowing !!! But I still hate the cold . 
Anyone need food ? I have 66 swipes left and three days to use them ... 
Wish I could find the words to tell you what I'm feeling without you thinking I'm being crazy and overemotional . I care about you and never want to see you get hurt . 
Dear acting class , That date I chose may need to change . Bug me until I get it done . I'm about to chicken out already . Love < PROPFEMALE > P.S. any suggestions of what to get a 6 month old baby boy that he can keep forever ? 
So I have cotton < PROPFEMALE > and banana pudding ice cream . Anyone want it ? Come to the grc and let me know . 
Anybody want some banana pudding ice cream ? Please take it . 
It's good to be back ... now for all of the work to do before classes . 
I forgot how much I love 6 hours of sleep a night . YAY ! Sleepytime ! 
Watched that weird teenage pregnancy pact movie that was really bad then Project Runway while eating Veggie Tales gummies ... sometimes I really enjoy being sick . 
is dying . 
... 
< PROPMALE > Malfoy ... so cute with the bow in his hair ... FAG ! -- Ally Cuddy Yeah seriously ... -- < PROPFEMALE > Flint 
pretty sure I'm about to lose all my contacts ... 
finally got out of the snow only to have the phone randomly stop working and the internet to suck so it won't fix itself ... grrrrrrrr 
How come the first year I'm not involved in FCPS we have a giant blizzard that cancels school for weeks ? Not fair . 
I don't know boy , I think I may be fallin ' for you , droppin ' so quickly . Maybe I should keep this to myself . Wait until I know you better . I am trying not to tell you , but I want to . I'm scared of what you'll say so I'm hiding what I'm feeling . But I'm tired of holding this inside my head . I've been spending all my time just thinking \bout you . I don't know what to do . I think I'm falling for you . " 
Procrastination at its best ... tea leaves on mylifetime.com . The future has vaguely been told about 5 times now . 
Dear human beings , If you are going to insult someone at least learn how to insult correctly . I am not a hoe ... that is a farming tool . I do not find that incredibly insulting . In fact it's more insulting to you . Hoe = farming tool Ho = whore . < PROPFEMALE > ? Thanks . < PROPFEMALE > 
Come see The Vagina Monologues tonight and tomorrow at 7:30 in Newdick in Shafer Street Playhouse ! Help support RAINN !! 
\Glitter is like the herpes of arts and crafts . You can never get rid of it ! \"" 
usually loves rain ... but not when it destroys my phone . Let's hope I can fix this . 
THE RICE HELPED !! My phone has been restored ! YAY ! I can now be contacted once again :) 
Does anyone have a video camera ? And does that person want to help me make a movie ? ANYONE ? 
Babysitting costumes for < PROPFIRST > all night 
Long day ... I'm over it all . 
Dear sleep , please take me in your arms . Love < PROPFEMALE > 
FYI It is possible to make a chocolate chip cookie in the microwave . < PROPFIRST > Flint you were wrong !! 
Tonights events were .... um ... interesting ? Somewhat successful , but also completely unimaginable . 
Procrastination 1 Focus 0 . Oh intro how I hate thee in this instant . 
I love hummus ! But not just any old hummus ! < PROPFEMALE > hummus ! Who could ask for anything more ? 
Is officially completely stressed out right now . AHHHH !!! 
Finally going to sleep at 7am . Good timezzzzzzzzzzzz .... 
Today fails . miserably . 
Today is looking to be a good one ! 
8 days ... that is all . 8 days and then I'm done . forever . 
What a fantastic end to the day ... a possible job this summer ? And actually theater related !!! 
Really looking forward to the end of < PROPMALE > History . HATE . 
Finally got to be the swan . What a wonderfully bittersweet day . 
officially done with freshman year ! Home tomorrow ! 
DOES ANYONE KNOW THE DATES OF THE SNOW DAYS IN FEBRUARY ? this is very important . Please and thank you !! 
Who knew the beach was going to be so fantastic . Ready for the next trip ! Love you < PROPFIRST > Henley , Ally Cuddy , and < PROPFEMALE > Borda !!! 
Forgot just how much I missed Richmond until I found myself sitting in the compass enjoying some tropical smoothie ... 75 days til I'm back for good !!! 
Find your stage door .... then dance beyond it . 
Congrats to WT Woodson Class of 2010 !! 
Who wants to go into DC on Saturday between the hours of 1pm and 5pm with me for National Dance Day ? 
RICHMOND . TOMORROW . LESS THAN 24 HOURS . APARTMENT . MOVE IN . Ally Cuddy . < PROPFIRST > Henley . PACKING . NO TIME . SO EXCITED . CAN'T WAIT . AHHHHHH ! 
Sometimes having a family business sucks . 
dreading chemistry . Then off to Carytown . Anyone wanna join ? 
Never again . 
speaks to damn fast for her own good . Speed monologues . nuf said . 
The elephants are on a rampage . 
So much for my first full weekend in Richmond ... 
just made ketchupish food topping thing with Ally Cuddy . Greatest thing ever . Be jealous . 
Off to Indiana to say goodbye . 
Back in Richmond and so much to do . Bad timing . 
< PROPFIRST > from SYTYCD is in Camp Rock 2 ? Pretty sure at least ... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5YSj_4LZKc&NR=1 
Supernatural marathon ... 12am-8pm . I IZ SO EXCITED ! 
A very much needed night in with < PROPFIRST > Henley ... preparing a wonderful surprise for Ally Cuddy and Kaytlyn Young :) 
I am second . I forgot for a while , but I'm back now . 
HAPPY < PROPMALE > ERICSON DAY !! 
HAPPY < PROPMALE > ERICSON DAY Kaytlyn Young !!! 
WHY IS BONES SO DISTRACTING ?!? I HAVE A 3 < PROPFEMALE > PAPER TO WRITE ! bones ... paper .... bones ... paper ... bones . 
Why is this observation paper so difficult ? 
Needs to get her priorities straight .... now even more cause all i'm thinking about now is < PROPMALE > Potter . 
All ready to do work ... too bad I forgot one necessary item for everything I could be doing . LETS PLAY GAMES INSTEAD !!! 
WEEKEND ! Cleaning and getting ready for < PROPFEMALE > Messenger and < PROPFEMALE > Adler to come visit meeeee ! 
Needs to stop having headaches . Now please . 3 weeks of dying is enough . 
is now obsessed with Nerf Guns ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > Roberts and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Watching the Human Centipede with < PROPFEMALE > Guns Gunson . Why do I let her talk me into these things . 
hates writing . I would rather memorize 32 pages of text than write 4 . 
I want < PROPMALE > Potter to be real sooooooo baaaadddd . That would make my life . Movie marathon with Ally Cuddy , then book marathon to follow ! 
Happy Veterans Day ! Thank you . 
Titanic < PROPFEMALE > Leonardio DiCaprio fells the he has confessed he gets lonely sometimes . \ 
-- < PROPFEMALE > celebritys ( Ally Cuddy < PROPFIRST > Eames ) 
hates this feeling ... 
Where will I be March 27th ? Seeing . I have never been more excited . YES ! Best day ever ! 
Finally not dying . 
Take it back . Let the dying commence . 
Doesn't like how it's snowing everywhere else but 60 degrees here . IT'S CHRISTMASTIME IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE COLD . 
STOOOOOOPID ! Ally Cuddy 
5 movies in and the first all-nighter of the week is almost done . At least one more sleepless night to go with my girlfriend , Ally Cuddy . 
25 hours later .... CRASHING .... 23 hours to go .... STOP CRASHING NAO ! 
Back in Richmond !!!! Time for the last bit of chem and cleaning . What an exciting life I lead . 
Ally Cuddy needs to learn how to talk . First she randomly drools a huge drool puddle while reading texts and then spits while saying woot . This is why we do not < PROPFEMALE > out on my bed . 
After listening to a two minute recording of my own voice on repeat for the past two and a half hours I have come to the conclusion that I would like to apologize to all of you who have to listen to it on a regular basis . Please let me finish this paper soon ! 
DONE ! Let the celebrations begin ! It's almost Kaytlyn Young time ! So essited ! 
Enjoying some fantastic foursome time with Ally'son Cuddy < PROPFIRST > Eames and < PROPFIRST > Moore . Cookie cakes and Gingerbread houses yes plznthnkyou ! 
Really wishes the heat worked in the apartment . Instead when we turn the heat on the smoke alarm goes off . Rawr . 
It is no longer lack of Ally day 5 . Why ? Because I am at Ally'son Cuddy's house !!!! 
Is it bad that watching Super Size Me makes me want McDonalds ? Off to Micky D's with Ally'son Cuddy 
I HAS PETS ! 
Apparently being 5 ft tall is something to make fun of . I hate you all . Ally Cuddy and < PROPFIRST > Eames in particular . I AM NOT THAT SHORT . 
Spice world ? Yes please . Also here is your update kaytryn !!! 
Just when I was finally happy everything falls apart . Thanks life . 
If it snows Tuesday night so I cannot get to Richmond on Wednesday I will dig a hole , crawl into it , and cry ... a lot . I NEED TO GET TO RICHMOND ! 
Is there anyone who can help put me back together ? I am sick and tired of not being able to workout because my ankles hate me . 
Dear GRC housing office/mailroom , If you post hours you should be open . Just because I accidentally got a package sent there does not mean I should have to make my way across campus five times a day just to check if I can get my textbook that I need . Now I have to wait until monday . I am not sorry I was a bitch to you girl in the office . Lots of hate , < PROPFEMALE > 
Dear fabulous weather , I missed you . But if you could stop making me feel like I'm dying so that I could actually go outside and enjoy you , that would be great . Plzntankyou , < PROPFEMALE > 
How do you trust when everyone you trusted goes away ? 
Up nice and early to start preparing for ShelbyJean Henley ' s Birthday Celebration !! 
Ice cream and cake . Do the ice cream and cake ! 
JUST LEARNED HOW TO MAKE COFFEE !! Thanks ShelbyJean Henley ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is my name and procrastination is my game . NO ONE CAN BEAT ME . 
< PROPFIRST > EAT WORLD wiff kaytryn and ally-san !!! 
First < PROPFEMALE > Messenger and < PROPFEMALE > Adler , now a 21 Jumpstreet marathon that Kaytlyn Young would be proud of , < PROPMALE > Precieuses Ridicules ( Two Precious Maidens Ridiculed ) at 8 , and then movie night with < PROPFIRST > Eames and < PROPMALE > Haynes !! What a great day !! 
According to Seventeen Magazine's twitter 87% of followers would rather meet < PROPFIRST > Bieber than their soulmate tomorrow . WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS WORLD ? 
Playing wif da babies :) They so funny ! 
Oh hello tap shoes ! It's been a long time . Welcome back into my life . You've been missed . 
Girls night ! Yay for spontaneity ! 
Home after awesome adventures with the lovely ShelbyJean Henley ! We gotta make this a habit :) 
Really really sick of this dead arm . At first it was funny watching my arm flop around everywhere . Now it's annoying . 8 hours so far ! Puh-lease wake up soon ! 
I have been looking forward to the oscars all month and now I can't even stay awake long enough to pay attention . Thanks simple , no big deal , surgery for making my life a living hell . But morphine is nice ... that is all I have to say . 
Stuck in the hospital until Thursday or Friday :( Thanks Ally Cuddy , ShelbyJean Henley , and < PROPMALE > Haynes for taking such good care of me ! 
This tome tomorrow I will be HOME !!! 3 surgeries and 6 days in the hospital later and this nightmare is almost over . Now for home IV antibiotics and the healing if the wound and I'll be as good as new !!! 
I hate being attached to IV's . I just want to be free :( 
VCU !!! That's how you dooooo iiiittttt !!! 
Is now officially home for good . Or at least I better be . Now what was supposed to be a simple outpatient surgery turned into a deadly infection that required two more surgeries and a week in the hospital , then at home IV antibiotics that resulted in an allergic reaction that required two more days in the hospital . Longest two weeks of my life . 
LET'S GO VCU !! 
Never been more proud to be a Ram . SWEET SIXTEEN BABY !!!! 
Let's go rams !!!! 
VCU you have put me through so much stress this evening but it was all worth it . ELITE EIGHT HERE WE COME !!! 
VCU !!! LET'S GO RAAAAAMMMMMMMSSSSS !!!!! 
WE ARE THE RAMS !! FINAL FOUR !!! GO VCU !! 
