holy tuition , Batman ! 

is up too late obsessing over her faculty adviser placement , research assistantship(s ??! ) , the combination of these two things , and post-Masters plans . Stop . Breathe . Going to bed . :) 
didn't get the research assistant position . Oh . This will be awkward . 
is finding that even in the most unlikely of places , a class war continues to rage . Perhaps I am being too cynical . 
got a job ! Finally ! Project Manager ! I have some amazing people in my life . <3<3<3 
only has 10^ 6,546,849,684,654,565 more pages of reading to go ! 
Busy day tomorrow ... paperwork for my new jobsy , doctor appointment , placement meeting , stats class , rosh hashanah food in my belly . I should start the pick line of coffee now . 
could only afford to fill half of her extremely commonly prescribed , generic , low dose medication because she is one of the many in this country without health insurance . Don't even get me started . 
Today I got on the bus to school and the bus driver got off and went to the bathroom in a port-a-potty in the commuter lot . Then he got back on and drove me to school . I suppose it's a normal , natural thing to do , but I wanted to laugh . 
Should I cut my hair ? Is that too cliche ? I'm a life changer hair cutter . 
Last night I chased a 40 y/o man around the block who told < PROPFEMALE > she was only pretty in high school , then upon finding out that I wasn't a Republican , threw bar stools at me and called me a bitch and said his taxes were paying my bar tab . \I hate liberals ! You are so beautiful but I hate everything you stand for ! \ " What ?! Then he stole my cell phone . Then he got arrested . After I chased him around the block . " 
is an emotional flip flopper with insomnia . 
is doing her resume and goal statement for a placement that she assuredly won't get . Everyone sucks . I hate that the Lions won . Obviously , I am in a terrible mood . 
is once bitten , twice shy . 
Field application , check . Goal statement , check . Resume , check . Genogram , check . Genogram guide , check . Genogram paper , ummmm not checked . Readings , psssh . 
I am at University Health Services waiting for an appointment . I just coughed into my arm and the kid next to me glanced at me and immediately put on one of those face masks you see people in the airport wearing when they don't want Swine Flu . I feel mildly offended . 
is sick . But had a normal EKG today , other than a speedy heart . <3 = speedy . 
Here's to hoping October is way better than September . I want cider mills and Cedar Point and Halloweekends and Oktoberfest ! 
I just KILLED my statistics lab . Mwahahaha ... 
will attempt sleep now . GO BLUE ! 
I keep reading about the social work \code\ " and I cannot help but think of Pirates of the Caribbean . Parlay ! " 
I know we can end sentences with prepositions now , but I still have a hard time doing it when I write papers . In fact , I never do . I get < PROPFEMALE > Potter flashbacks . 
I ... need a vacation . 
Damn it , I hate this paper . I'm so distracted . I think it is much more difficult to write a short paper than a long one . dsal ; kjfasldkjfaslkfjsld . Grad school is hard . Bath then bed , goodnight . 
Just paid $70 worth of downtown Detroit parking tickets . Angry . 
< PROPFIRST > + ADHD + boring stats class + teacher with difficult accent + iPhone and laptop = GiggleFest 2009 . Omggggget me out of here . 
is \Courtney ' U of M ' Hurt\ " and \ " Courtney ' Bring the Pain ' Hurt\ " . Having a serious identity crisis and needing sleep . " 
wants to tailgate on Saturday . Maybe I can talk McK into building a car adapter for our < PROPFIRST > Foreman(s ) , splitting the cost of some Hebrew Nationals and sitting in my car with me on the U of M golf course . <3 
is data coding and making a vain attempt at collecting her thoughts . 
Someone tell me a story . 
I don't know why it took me so long to start watching The Office . < PROPMALE > is my boyfriend . I haven't felt this way since < PROPMALE > on Friends . 
I feel so old . My brother turned 18 today . 
is so glad that she is < PROPFIRST > Hurt . 
is thoughtful . 
is mad at society for a multitude of reasons . 
I think the real issue here is that I don't have ENOUGH to do . That's an interesting theory . 
Are you ready for the real revolution , which is the evolution of the mind ? 
Please placement gods , let me get this placement . 
Loser Homework Weekend , 2009 . About to be consuming hippy hash ( courtesy of McK ! ) at the Fleetwood in my tie-dyed shirt and ripped jeans so I can crank out some social justice goodness , turn it in , and get an A . 
It's Monday with Muse ! Glorious . 
has officially reached some pretty severe levels of ridiculousness . 
If the next three weeks or so don't kill me then I truly must be meant to live forever . I am running on some sort of dangerous , flammable fuel consisting of almonds , dopamine , and sheer audacity . 
I am pretty shocked about the bullshit , Templeton Foundation-funded study I have to present tomorrow but ecstatic that my sections to write and present are \practical applications/implications\ " and \ " criticisms of the research design and their corresponding suggested improvements\ " . I feel like the villain . And it is awesome . " 
siiiiiiiigh . 
This was way more fun when I was 14 . Unrelated : finals ! OMG . 
Things I have lost recently : body heat , weight , my sanity , my attention span , any relative semblance of a positive attitude , one of my favorite earrings down the drain , my mad skills with the opposite sex , my sense of humor , the < PROPFEMALE > grains of predisposition toward effective organization of my valuable time , and a staring contest with a three-year-old . Gains : one semester closer to graduation . Let's GOOOO ! 
M.C. Escher's \Relativity\ " + < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland + bad acid trip = Hatcher Graduate Library . WTF STACKS . Who designed this place ?! " 
3 down , 2 to go . Naptime . I don't even actually go to bed anymore , I just take naps . It's pretty awesome . Just like this weekend is predicted to be . 
I have just officially finished my first semester of graduate school . This time next year I'll have my Master's! Errands , packing , McK to the airport , Big Rapids to see the biff graduate ( again ) , then myself back to the airport tomorrow to get out of the dirty mitten for a few days . 
There is kareoke in the McNamara terminal . As if I could not be any more anxious about flying or airports or weather or Northwest Airlines . Or lame 80's music . Time for beer ! The ultimate anxiolytic . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s surgery went very well . Benzodiazepines added comedic value . Lazy day today , but I want to make tomorrow as productive as possible . :) 
is back to productivity starting tomorrow . LAME . 
Dear Veterans Affairs : For being a cabinet-level department , you are spectacularly inefficient , yet demanding . You want my background , fingerprints , blood , shot records , car registration , physical health , extra day of work , 1st born son , and left arm , but you can't tell me when I start working for you , when my orientation is or how much my stipend is . I'm calling my old pal Barack . Love , Your New Favorite Intern . 
New Year's Resolution : Learn the dance to \Single Ladies\ " by Beyonce . I don't care how long it takes me . " 
I'm not even mad . I'm impressed . 
Not so great : My to-do and to-think lists are completely out of proportion with hours in the day . On the positive side : I love my field placement . A lot . :) 
Today my body finally sought revenge on all the trauma I have put it through in the last few weeks . Where is the social justice ? Anyway , back to coding data . I eat , breathe , drink , puke , and dream social work , research , veterans ' issues , and psychiatry . 
Everyone's favorite nonprofit accountant ( ex-bartender ) and psychiatric social worker ( LT3 ! ) will be at their old place of employment tonight ! Be there ( or be there after , wherever \there\ " is ) or be lame . All I know is I need some fresh bar in my life ... these A2 kids screw it up every time ! So excited ! <3 " 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by raptors . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by raptors is nothing to be ashamed of . Raptors are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... they've been eaten by raptors . 
Where did my weekend go ? Stayed in bed nursing a fever and a seemingly plague-type cluster of symptoms resembling strep throat or the flu and ate delivery everymeal and slept ! Oh , how I slept . It used to be that I secretly looked forward to getting sick so I could unapologetically miss work/school/whatever , but now I just really , really want to be better and get back into my routine . 
Last night I dreamt , very vividly , that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > was infatuated with me < PROPFIRST > Cullen style . You could have woken me up in the middle of it and I'd have said that we were going to Zingerman's for lunch and he was going to pretend to eat but for now he was watching ESPN in the living room and letting me sleep cause I still have a sore throat . WEIRD . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > = lame . 
Motivation ... where can I find some ? 
is the < PROPFIRST > Hurt Locker . 
Every day is a mental health day , yet it never seems to be MY mental health day . 
was cleaning her room and found a brown baby calf , a brave little turtle , and construction materials for a horse stable ! 
Funny Farm . Not a whole lot of farming but lots of funny today . 
My birthday is < PROPFEMALE > Harbor Day . I was born for this . :) 
It's always a good day when you find out that the Feds have contacted your ex-boyfriend for a personal reference . 
It's the daydream of every child who comes from a divorced home . ( This sounds more dramatic than necessary . My parents are getting back together and they individually call me for relationship advice . It's hysterical . Gallows humor . ) 
My lateral incisor(s ) are gone and there's a tiger in my bathroom . 
< PROPMALE > Ayers ?! Bayers ? Bears ? Beers ? Likely all of those things , minus bayers . I don't know what a bayer is . Come to think of it , I don't know any bears . So < PROPMALE > Ayers and probably beers . 
I hate this class . I hate this class all the time . But especially on St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day when it's gorgeous outside and I get to watch all the drunks dressed in green stumble down South University . But today we are doing autogenics with imagery and continuing our work on validating ambivalence ! OMFG this is so worth it ! Thinking about climbing out this window ... 
( 734 ): turns out a healthy dose of cleavage is the equivalent of a swig of < PROPMALE > felicis 
The best part of every Wednesday is walking by < PROPMALE > Goss in the quad with his harmonica and daily quote . Makes me grin uncontrollably for at least 30 seconds . Today : \Why settle for only one standard when you can have two ? \"" 
Large Hadron Collider ! Field placement ! Cadbury Mini Eggs ! 
I just bought my season football tickets . Hopefully we don't suck again . Last year , Michigan State made me more emotional than I'd care to admit . Go Blue . 
Mothers ! Hide your sons ! < PROPFIRST > Hurt is actually COOKING dinner tonight . Say what !? 
< PROPMALE > Ranch Chicken was a success . Feels good to cook the food of my ancestors ( only very slightly blunted sarcasm ) . Hah ... well ... my roommate thought it tasted pretty good so ... 2/2 = 1 = 100% . 
I want to go to Bonnaroo . 
I'm either gonna be the best or the worst therapist ever . They might as well flip a coin when I get my license . Omg . 
Why is the Big House so green ? 
\I promise I will never be your friend . No matter what . Ever . \"" 
I was taught a month ago to bide my time and take it slow but then I learned just yesterday to rush and never waste the day , well I'm convinced the whole day long that all I learn is always wrong and things are true that I forget , but no one taught that to me yet . 
Desperately needed self care time ! Bath , beer , mindless reading of fiction ! If you have never drank a beer in the bathtub , you are soooo missing out . I recommend it . 
Computers work again ! Now I hav 29374928209^10 progress notes to type . Felt like I was in the dark ages . 
The Secret Life of the American Psychiatrist . 
So I have a Twitter account that I forgot about . I'm also in severe procrastination mode so add me if that's what you do . http://twitter.com/cnhurt 
Shower , breakfast/lunch ?, Google Reader , caffiene shop , tackle this mental health policy final that's hanging over my head and then I'm halfway through my Master's degree . :) 
I'm finally feeling somewhat relaxed . The outdoor consumption of medicore , headache-inducing sangria from a < PROPMALE > jar sounds like something I want to accomplish this week . 
I cooked breakfast , I'm catching up on Google Reader , I've got the O Brother soundtrack going and I'm preparing to go see President Obama speak at the Big House ! Spank you Smashley ! Despite the weather , this could turn out to be a beautiful day in the Ace Deuce . 
Cost-benefit analysis ... definitely one of my favorite things to do on a Saturday night . 
Insomni-uhhhhhh ... 
Me : \Do you drink alcohol ? \ " Vet : \ " Used to ... like a fish . \ " Me : \ " Do you smoke marijuana ? \ " Vet : \ " Used to ... like a fish . \"" 
Just booked my flight to go see < PROPMALE > S . Durbin's high school graduation next month ! My widdow brudduh ... 
Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > - I don't know why you waste your time with these silly women when the answer is right in front of you : an equally awkward however exhausted social work intern with a remote control and an after-work bowl of Special K . Just sayin ' . 
I'm bored . Hmm . 
Today is Saturday . It's not even 9 am . I am in class until 4:30 . FML . Thankfully it's a one-time thing . 
Ferndale . And I'm wearing purple shoes and drinking from an inappropriate straw . 
I've never identified with Lady Gaga more in my life . 
is not feeling well . Bed ! 
Facepalm . 
< PROPMALE>'s and it's beautiful outside ! 
This has got to be < PROPMALE > ... nice . ---> ( 586 ): Theres a disney < PROPFEMALE > moonbounce on < PROPFEMALE > st. and I'm drinking beer at a little league field . this might end with me in jail . 
New Danskos ! Went to court today ! Now I think I'll take a nap ! Yeah ! 
cannot sleep . 
Go Celtics ! You've always been numero dos in my book but now that the Pistons blow ... well ... yanno . 
I have a sunburn , a headache , and the room may be slightly spinning . Ah , Michigan summer , we meet again . 
Heroism is latent in every human soul - However humble or unknown , they have renounced what are accounted pleasures and cheerfully undertaken all the self-denials - privations , toils , dangers , sufferings , sicknesses , mutilations , life-long hurts and losses , death itself - for some great good , dimly seen but dearly held . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Chamberlain 
Everyone is so angry ! 
What is my hometown ? 
Fist pumping at a Bat Mitzvah . 
Doing homework , I think ... wtf am I doing ? 
Well , today's the day ! I got my very first marriage proposal . He did it with a Snickers bar . I respectfully declined . 
WHOA WHOA WHOA WHOA I am sensitive to coffee today . WHOAAA ... 
Today I was called something I've never been called before , I think , in my entire life . \Perky\ " HAHA . " 
Top Chef ! < PROPFIRST > Ripert ! Love ! 
Goddddd I hate the Lakers . 
Dear Dad : Thanks for teaching me how to fish , shoot guns , and barbeque , plus everything else that's made me who I am today . You were the first man I ever loved ! 
just applied to graduate . 
Head , meet desk . And repeat . 
Social work life ... apparently this involves penthousing it in Traverse City . Now you know where your tax money goes . 
:) 
The word for today is : countertransference 
Getting ready for my last first day of school ( potentially ) ever ! That means 100 days until graduation . 
Looking for jobs . To my friends and acquaintances seeking emotional support , brain-picking , and advice , be forewarned : I will soon begin charging by the hour . Cash only . 
Everyone is crazy today . 
Go Blue ! 
is thinking about the guy that other guys are talking about when they say , \I want to be like that guy ! \"" 
Proud to work with veterans every day . Hug a Veteran ! Or give them a phone card ! Or some seroquel ! Or some service connection ! 
So ... in one month I'll have my master's degree . That's pretty awesome , minus not yet having a job ! However , with uncharacteristic optimism , I'm sure the best is yet to come . :) 
En route to Chi-Town for Thankyousgiving ! 
is the Connect Four master ! 
My patient just asked me if I ever go bowling because I look like I'd be a good bowler because I have a \bowler's physique . \"" 
They are having Christmas < PROPFIRST > Karaoke on the locked inpatient psych unit . I'm really going to miss this place . 
I'd like to give a big F-U to the < PROPFEMALE > Arbor VA police- I hope they get headbutted by my psychotic patients . More importantly , thank you to my stunning man-friend who showered me with sapphires , Veuve Cliquot , cognitive restructuring , and pot de creme from < PROPFEMALE > . Finally , thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes ; each and every one has made me smile . :) 
Madly in love with my VA psychiatry colleagues ! <3 
Holy crap , I survived graduate school ! What's next ? 
is now officially < PROPFIRST > Hurt , MSW . 
YAY JOB ! Say helllllooo to the new Psychiatric Access worker in the ER at St. < PROPFIRST > Mercy < PROPFEMALE > Arbor ! I can't freaking wait ! 
This atheist thoroughly enjoyed her Christmas curries and subsequent nap in the < PROPFIRST > . I even still exchanged presents ! Glad I decided to \celebrate\ " this year . :) " 
Omg , wtf , Top Chef stresses me out ! 
My life is : wake up , look at fb , study , read , fall asleep , read , text bf , study , fall asleep , read , feel anxious , play game on iphone , ask what's for dinner , say I don't care what's for dinner either , look at fb , feel anxious , read , study , sleep . I need to go to work ! This cannot come soon enough ! 
U of M just posted my degree to my transcript ... yesterday . Which means the State of Michigan has not received my transcripts . Which means I am not yet licensed . I start seeing patients Wednesday . Somebody better get busy ! 
What a fabulous opportunity to abandon belief in astrology altogether ! AstroNOMY is where it's at -- far more impressive and exciting ( though , I admit , allows for much less indulgent narcissism ) than reading a one-size-fits-all horoscope in the Metro Times . ;) 
is at orientation for St. < PROPFIRST>'s and it is predictably boring . 
Security is now working on the THIRD attempt at getting my ID correct as well as magnetic key access to the emergency department and staff parking . I think I'm cursed to deal with this problem at everywhere I go for the rest of my career . 
is about to walk into her very first shift as a Master's prepared social worker in the ER . Adrenaline ! Bring on the crazies ! :D 
is crossing her fingers that the geriatric psychiatry fellow doesn't have to report to work tomorrow . I don't think old people will be driving to any appointments and we know the inpatients certainly aren't going anywhere . 
I have a stressful job . I respond to this stress with the consumption of wine . 
is in Chicago . There is a lot of snow here . 
Just watched that Chrysler Superbowl commercial for the first time . Yeah , it's pretty much bad-ass . <3 
Sushi and studying with Dr. Bhalerao . <3 
< PROPFIRST > Hurt , LLMSW ! 
Busyyyy ... rain , sleet , or snow , people still go bonkers ! 
I keep forgetting that I'm going to the Dominican Republic next Thursday . Then I remember and become not so mad at the world ! 
Lesson learned : There are better ways to spend half an hour than to try and rationalize with a schizophrenic on why she should go back on her meds . I'll admit that I lost the argument , but ultimately , she lost the war . 
I am absolutely dreading going to work tonight . I have to sit in my car and watch funny youtube videos until I finally feel like I can walk into the building . Ah ! 
