why is it once you commit to something something better comes along ? 

live , learn , change , grow 
tick tock tick tock waiting for work to be out , it's like waiting for the < PROPFEMALE > to ring at school , can i go yet ? 
alright here we go , the start of a four day stretch at work . how do i get through it ? the hope of a better tomorrow and a great weekend ! 
my little green < PROPFEMALE > makes me happy 
where < PROPMALE > thou green < PROPFEMALE > ? you came and went so fast , shall i sit and wait for your return forever ? my precious green < PROPFEMALE > , my life line , my drug , oh green < PROPFEMALE > , come back to me . 
life is fun , enjoy it while you're young and able , jump in and don't look back 
finally went shooting for the first time yesterday , WOOT , it was alot of fun , shot my first 22 rifle .... i hope i go again soon , hit a few targets so all in all a great first time . 
life is a roller coaster , no matter how hard you try to equalize it , there are always ups and downs , take a deep breath , hold on tight , and enjoy the ride - try not to vomit . 
so i'm waiting for the other shoe to drop . Why is it when you're finally happy something has to rip it away ? i'm going to keep fighting for what i want and eventually i will get it ... time , space , and stupidity are my enemy right now . 
truth be told , you can find somebody to love in any town in the world , no matter how small or how big ; you will never be alone unless you let yourself be . 
OMG 5 more hours of work and this is only day 1 of 4 .... sucks ass ... 
it's amazing how much people change ! different stages of life . Ive always been a late bloomer but those are the best , i'm catching up and in full swing . 
Check out my new Pics . 
OMG this night can't go any slower , three more hours and i'm out of here ! nap time . 
OMG 30mins left in this shit hole 
that's it , i miss my green < PROPFEMALE > , i'm going to go make new friends and get my green < PROPFEMALE > back . 
SHIT , i need a damn vacation out of this place . so if i take three days off of work i can have ten days off in a row , where shall i go and whos paying ? LOL 
i'm losing my mind , oh wait , i think i already lost it , yup it's gone , once i stepped foot on this unholy ground my mind was gone , give me three more days and i'll be back to myself . 
OK , million dollar question . It's 0300 and you work 12 hour nights ; Is it to late at night or to early in the morning ? 
another day another dollar ; make that money 
less than 12 hours of work left .... what am i going to do with my days off ? 
OMG 6 more hours then i get to be home for three days . going to take my puppies swimming , if they don't jump in on their own i'm throwing them in , lol . i love them , my < PROPFEMALE > will swim with me all day . i can't wait !!! 
5 more hours 
4 more hours , what to do what to do . actually it turns into 3 more hours because i have stuff to do the last hour so it makes time go alittle faster although not hard nor does it take much brain power . i need some mental stimulation instead of sitting infront of the computer screen getting more stupid . 
so i guess i'll just keep commenting here whatever pops in my mind . right now i'm thinking the clock is ticking very slowly , also that i'm losing my mind and will soon need a bed myself , and lastly that this doggie class ive signed up for - assuming yavapai doesn't cancle it - could prove to be very entertaining . 
so i totally just missed my mouth and got water on my shirt . 
3 more hours 
OMG i can't believe it , 1 hour left . 
Is there anybody out there ? 35 more mins then i'm outta here ! 
vacation ideas anyone ? looking at beginning of aug . 
one more hour then eat , pass meds , finally go home , shower , pack , and start driving to phx .... can't wait ! 
So on our way to benson , stopped in phx for Cici's pizza -not bad- then the trucks . Battery took a shit ... new one in place now back on the road . 
Phone and truck battery took a shit - one more to go ! everything seems to come in threes . 
So funny story of the day . I have yet to get my ring sized that my bf got ( not engagment ) and while tossing out some trash near the square , it fell in . 
half a shift done , 2.5 to go ! 
i guess i should do some homework now .... what's worse , sitting in boredum or doing homework ? 
girl scout cookie time ! one of everything please . 
Wow , watching sex changes on the phone is bizarre , frightening , disgusting , but fascinating all at the same time . You want to stop watching but can't . wish i could see this in the operating room – amazing what you can do with the human body . 
i need a mental health vacation 
is life a big game of always picking the lesser of two evils ? do you always have to settle for second best ? why can't you have your cake and eat it too ? 
OMG 2 more hours 
i'm falling asleep over the keyboard . 
I miss my friends from work . so lonely , only left with memories which will fade as time goes on . A fleeting heartwarming adventure left shattered in the quake of mystery . Much like love , starting out with an explosion of inviting warmth and invigoriating exploration only to have the fallout smash tears against the desintegrating memories . 
where is my green < PROPFEMALE > ? cry . i remember a time when my green < PROPFEMALE > never disappeared , always someone to talk to . now i have to fight just to see it once a week . 
and now we sit and wait for 6:30 am . 
Have you ever been so happy that you are off work that you almost cried ? 
you know by the time i finally take a vacation it will be WW3 . 
another night almost over = good . once again no homework completed = bad . 
worker ants spend their days hunting for food and supplies to provide for the masses . they care for the young , and insure the continuation of their species by keeping the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > happy . are humans so different ? we scurry through our day , often mindlessly , making money at work , doing chores , feeding the kids , keeping the family happy , continuing the human race by following our basic instincts . opinions ? 
i feel like a zombie . can i go home now ? 
what else can write here while i watch the clock tick by until i can poke a finger , pass more meds , and get somebody up . 
i'm so cold and i have two sweaters on and a blanket 
more work same pay ??? keep my head down , put blinders on , and keep dreaming . 
with my friends gone i turn to the emptiness of facebook to talk to . 
1 out of 4 days done\ 
homework done\ 
now what to do for the other 36 hours ? 
tick , tick , tick , tick 
