Just got back from a month in Scotland - took 16 college students and both my sons . It was a great trip !! This was my 4th time leading a similar trip , and this time we went to Stirling as well as London , Cambridge , York , Edinburgh , Glasgow and New Lanark . 

End of summer blues !! Should be preparing classes , but would much rather be in my garden ( the tomatoes are doing great - will be a BIG salsa year ) or doing house projects . Finished putting slate on my entryway yesterday ..... looks great !! 
Can you believe school is almost back in session ? As I have spent my life in school ( I am a full professor now ) AND have 2 kids still in school , this ' school starts ' time of year is the REAL \new year's\ " to me ! " 
Just adopted a new < PROPFEMALE > - adorable !! 
A new semester has started - with kids back in school , and only teaching one overload ( statistics for MBA online ) , I hope to have more time to keep up on Facebook and in real life . But right now I am remodeling my bathroom , waterfall faucets and all ! 
Got a publication yesterday - LEAD article in a professional journal ! That is a ' biggie ' for me - I have a bunch of other articles but this is the first one that is lead ( meaning that we are the first article printed in the volume - a big deal ) . YEAH ! 
Went to the Packer/Lions game on Sunday . Always a great time at Lambau ! 
My older son's football playoff run ended ... but he has his senior year to look forward to ! My younger son's football season ended undefeated ( seventh grade , no post season play ) . Should be a great year for both in 2011 . 
Will be presenting a research paper ( well , 2 actually ) at the Wisconsin Economics Association Annual Conference this week . I suppose I really need to put that presentation together ! 
Under snowy skies , feeling the < PROPFEMALE > of the season , loving life ... 
Had shoulder surgery a week ago . Bicep tenotomy & fix adhesive capsulitis . Ouch . At least I am on break ! 
Superbowl here we come ... Go Pack Go ... WOOT !! 
Less than a week to go until classes start again , and break is over . At least my shoulder is getting better ! I almost have full range of motion , just weak as a newborn kitten in that arm . Bless the folks at physical therapy ! 
Almost have full range of motion back in my shoulder after surgery on 12/29 , just wish it didn't hurt so much ... :( 
< PROPFEMALE > is cutting our pay and benefits , after giving us those benefits to compensate for no raises after many years ... figures ... getting paid less to do more with fewer resources .. and they are going to be surprised when quality falls ... 
Yesterday we had a foot of snow by the morning , then another 2-3 inches last night . I was snowed in - the first time in 16 years ( a 400 ' gravel driveway , snow too deep for even my snowblower ) . Got dug out last night at 4:30 , but was able to get to work today ! 
It's Sons Week ! If you have a handsome , wonderful son that you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ? 
