Be always at war with your vices , at peace with your neighbors , and let each new year find you a better man . ~ Benjamin < PROPMALE > 

just got a call from Dacky in the central time zone- from the future , as it were . Apparently in the future there's a world of wonder , Jet-packs and all awaiting us when we reach the New Year here in AK ! LOL ! He's always a hoot when he drunk dials from 3 hours ahead ! 
Happy New Year ! May G-d < PROPMALE > you many happy new years to come ! 
finally caught that danged cold ! GRRR ! 
we're moving stuff around .... anyone need a computer desk ? It is the one that fit in our kitchen bay window ! 
is finding the urge to garden just too great ... I could use a few more forget me nots over here , and some lupine over there ... 
is excited she gets to go to Fairbanks on Thursday- I've always wanted to go to a focus group ! Score ! I love travelling during the summer . 
doesn't know whether to laugh or cry- the baby is chasing the dog calling him a jerk and \you suck\ " . * sigh * " 
loves summer , cause you can punctuate all celebrations with the grill . And ... happy Father's day to all of you boys out there who enrich others ' lives either by nature or nurture . There's nothing like it ! Just loving the men among us today . 
has decided that she needs a wild < PROPFEMALE > plant for her garden . And some fireweed , too . Anyone know where to get some ? 
abides . 
now * < PROPFIRST > Mays * has ceased to be ? What is wrong with this world ? 
thinks she's pretty funny- I'm making the girls hold hands every time they start to bicker . It is worth it just to watch their expressions ! 
is heartbroken for the Skonbergs right now . 
got the suggestion that I should hide from the phone and talking to people , as I am a < PROPMALE > testy . I must say , I agree . 
end of fy , < PROPFEMALE>'s last day , meeting with Sen Murkowski , and memorial service . Please , Lord , please let me make it to the end of the day ! 
the reprieve we thought would come July 1 is still woefully late . Nice neighbors bearing brownies , though make it all better . 
would welcome a little boredom right now . 
is looking forward to the administration of Gov . < PROPFIRST > Parnell ! 
happy 4th all ! What should we do today ? Hmmm , thinking ... 
is so 3008 . You're so 2000 late . 
73 degrees out , and < PROPFEMALE > has a heat rash . Bwahahahah ! Er ... I mean , poor thing ! 
has decided to take the plunge and restart my netflix account . Any suggestions ? 
thinks this is an incredibly bizarre period in life . Ok , roller coaster , I'm ready to get off now ! 
is so excited to go to Sitka tomorrow . I love travelling in-state ! 
' s big girl woke her up with scrambled eggs and coffee . What a sweetheart . 
my girls are on the ferry to kodiak with my mom and nephew . < PROPFIRST>'s on the way back from < PROPMALE > . 80% of my whole world is out and about- I don't know whether to cheer or cry ... 
is feeling better than she has in a long time . Dude is calling new babysitter by his sisters ' name and I can get back to work knowing he's comfortable . Whew ! Funny today : I asked him where his shoes are , he said , \ouzinkie\ " ! Must be the land of the lost . " 
needs advice ... how do I prevent the boy from running away when I tell him to go to time out ? Running after him is an assault on my dignity ... 
is just following instructions - Facebook Social experiment : If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , either good or bad . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own 
said she wouldn't do it , and she did : a < PROPFEMALE > Montana theme for mille's room . What's worse- I understood the ' symbols ' . And am feverishly learning the names of construction vehicles so I can answer when dude asks . FML . 
can someone explain why I still have a fever with tylenol AND motrin ? Isn't that , like , against some rule or something ? Plus- my girls come home tomorrow . Yeaa ! 
so , if you're surfing ebay while listening to the dalai lama on netflix , is it like eating a big < PROPMALE > while watching the biggest loser ? 
So , < PROPFEMALE > , could you come back now ? Please ? No really ... soon . I think I've got bald patches from this day at work . 
has a new motto : Who gon check me , Boo ? 
is absurdly excited that she now has an alarm clock that * sets itself * . A whole world of technology out there , and the alarm clock does it for me . 
has not been able to find BC headache powders up here , but just discovered that the Excedrin powders are a wonnnderfuulll substitute . 
made a poor personal choice- I ' streaked ' the girls ' hair with magenta hair color and decided to throw a couple of stripes on me . Bad move- it stuck to my scalp and grey roots , and the top of my head looks like a pink easter egg . 
and the girls are watching Bridezillas . < PROPFEMALE > observed , \she's whinier than me ! \ " bwahaha Also- small boy was concerned today re : my lack of a penis . That's an interesting discussion to have with a 2 year old ! " 
I don't want to work , I just want to bang on the drum all day ... 
Experience question : are minors good for anything ? Not minor children , minor courses of study . I find I'm one class away from completing a minor in psychology , and two from a minor in history . Is it worth adding to the stress of full time job , half time school , and three full time kids to be able to check the minor box off ? 
broke her attention span . It's gone ! 
is having a hard time reading the federalist papers , as she keeps thinking that the former NY governor < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is , in fact , that of the Parliament Funkadelic and the architect of P-Funk . 
got her clue that our house is too dog focused : Cam asked if the conditioner we were using on her hair would help her \undercoat \"." 
is wondering where one finds a geiger counter ? In Alaska , or Kodiak , more specifically ... 
is excited there's another new Mad Men tonight ! 
is stirring the roux , instead of studying . 
needs an enlightenment infusion . 
needs her husband to quit giving social advice to the oldest girl . He knows not of which he speaks . His level was already remedial woman . Middle school girl ? Waaay out of his league . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
is ready for the weekend to start ! 
had a Labor Day Weekend that was chock full of Labor ! Lots done- extended deck , multi meals made , wow ! 
for those wondering how my mom's appointment went today ? It didn't . She apparently didn't hear the part where they said \no food or drink after midnight\ " and partook of a tasty caffeinated beverage . Had to reschedule . " 
Pot stirring , pot stirring . 
hopes that < PROPFEMALE > is having a good birthday ! 
can anyone use a pair of women's 9.5 and 10 pair of Vans ? < PROPFEMALE > would like to donate them to someone who has the virtue of honesty , so that she might learn from them . 
please clear up , Mr. Sky , so we can paint the flipping deck ! 
Thinking hard about a family in Minnesota tonight saying goodbye to a new mom , and a beautiful newborn who will grow up without a mother due to complications from a hypertensive pregnancy . 
worst part of school by far : the overpowering stench of postadolescent male in the classroom . UGH ! I don't show appreciation for my adult colleagues nearly enough . 
has a very , very , very sick < PROPFEMALE > . Think she's flu-ish , but she's not oinking ... keep grubby virus catching vibes out there for us- don't think I can watch any more of the babies sick . 
ok , so the fever's broken , we're trying fluids for Cam . that's the good news . The bad news is that she's feeling well enough to give me a play by play of the < PROPFEMALE > Montana Movie . 
Overheard from the living room between < PROPFEMALE > and Al : Are THOSE the Beatles ? They're ugly . Aren't they ugly ? Are ALL of them Beatles ? Weird ! I'd rather watch < PROPFIRST > the Tank Engine than this ... 
is still sitting at her desk , on a teleconference . ( for volunteer life , not work ) . I am very tired and losing the will to live . Thankyouverymuch . 
is at home with a sick boy , and ancy . How many times can you check your email ? 
< PROPFIRST > is sad because nobody is planning his Ouzinkie potluck with him on the ouz site ... are there enough of us on FB here in Anch to put something together ? 
is working on her Federalist Papers , but would is itching to do the paint-by-numbers she bought last weekend . Also- boy now has splotchy pinpoint rash to go with fever on face and trunk . Any guesses what might be plaguing us now ? 
is it just me , or is it tacky to get up during a lecture to buy a cup of coffee ? Man , kids these days ! 
can't sleep , dammit . It is going to be one helluva long day tomorrow . 
busybusybusy . Anyone wanna write our action plan for us ? 
is a little too excited to try out our new Disney Dance , Dance Revolution on the Wii ... 
My silly husband thinks that the kids will actually do their Saturday field day chores while he's playing DDR . 
has 5lbs of halibut cheeks coming- how should we cook them ? 
ahhh , another new mad men- best part of my week ! 
why does it often end up that Mondays = migranes ? 
dude's fractured english : shoulder = shave , chick hicks = Mc Chicken . So , he'll point to your shoulder and say quite proudly , \shave ? \"" 
is every woman . * Done * with her paper , and before midnight , I might add ! I think this is some sort of record ! 
just discovered that the cure for a bad day is costume jewelry . 
New day , and one promising to be a good one : we have new staff starting today ! Wish her good fundraising vibes . 
Cam had her very first basketball practice last night , ( after insisting that she wanted to be a cheerleader ) and is now hooked . Looks like we have another baller in the family . 
just was woken from a dream where I was riding a skateboard down a dark hallway to a < PROPFEMALE > Joplin song . 
the boys are napping , < PROPMALE>'s at a party ... and cam and I are curled up watching ghost stories . Life is good ! 
is itch , itch , itch ! Cleaning out a closet with lotsa dust is icky work , but will be worth not wading thru junk this winter ! 
heard Cam in sotto voice \who you callin ' a ho ? \ " when the Snow White Trailer and \ " Heigh Ho\ " came on just now . I really do need to find a filter in front of these kids . " 
was peed on by a Baby Alive doll . Looks like milk . So THAT's why dude was asking for a diaper for the baby ! Can I just say that I'm philosophically opposed to coming in contact with wee from folks I haven't birthed ? 
is just back from a marathon dr visit with < PROPMALE > and not quite sure what to think -- she's on lock down until cleared by the pediatric cardiologist because of her BP and pulse . 
juneau's tobacco tax has passed ! Now , haines ... 
owes < PROPFEMALE > Ferierra BIG TIME . Seriously . If you see her , tell her thank you , on my behalf . 
is done , with five minutes to spare . One midterm down , one to go , and I survived this long . Lord , please get me to 4 pm tomorrow and I'll be good for at least a week , I promise . 
I think I can ... I think I can ... I think I can ... 
is very fortunate in her work family . I made it to 4 pm , and < PROPFEMALE > is sending me home with packed leftovers ! ahh . 
wants to know if anyone who has taken American Political Tradition from Muller still has their notes ? Getting ready for that damned exam ... 
has discovered that ritz is the premium nutella delivery device . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s 6th grade teacher told her today , \you're not a good person . you don't have any friends because nobody can tolerate you\ " . wow . " 
Today is National Pregnancy and Infant Loss Rememberance Day- thinking of all the families of angel babies today and sending them lots of love . They are certainly remembered and loved by me ! 
not enough room in this world ... 
so ... knee deep in the Constitution , midterm tomorrow , and < PROPMALE>'s cardiologist appt tomorrow . big day . I'm swearing off fb for two hours , but what am I supposed to do about Mad Men , I ask you ?! 
ok- back from cardiologist- first look is ok , ultrasound is ok . more tests to come , but for now ? We're ok . And basketball is back on :-) We have one happy < PROPFEMALE > . 
is back from her meeting with < PROPFEMALE>'s teacher and the principal . It went better than I'd expected , but not as well as I'd hoped . The principal's reaction was encouraging , though . * sigh * 
so , I am still giggling over a particularly tasteless tfln I read yesterday- I * need * to share , but who do I know who won't be offended ? Hmmm ... < thinking > 
hates when she wakes to the radio alarm and ends up infected with an ear worm . Something about 911 and stinking on a dancefloor is stuck in my head . HELP ! 
Itching , itching , itching . If this itching doesn't get better soon , I'm going to bomb it with more benadryl and hope to sleep through the worst ! 
' s itches from last night have evolved into hives tonight . < sigh > 
Came out of the benadryl induced haze long enough to forage for food- but by golly , the itching .... any hints on how to get rid of the hives before monday ? I'm trying very hard to not think about all the work should be doing ... 
RT @KNBA : #AFN President's Award Small Business : < PROPFIRST > Squartsoff , Sugpiaq from Ouzinkie Go Uncle < PROPMALE > ! 
' s favorite people view love like a rubber band- big enough to stretch around all of the people who may join them . The alternative- a finite care enough for only a few is a sad , pitiful , pale alternative . 
ok immune system , I get it . You're not happy . Can't we work things out ? Enough with the hives already , please ? 
it was a good halloween . $70 in < PROPFEMALE > - gone . This neighborhood is hopping ! The kicker- dude brings me a tube of itch cream and says he needs medicine ' cause his tummy hurt . Too much < PROPFEMALE > ! 
When you come across a big kettle of crazy , it is best not to stir it . 
so .... if you're in the Klatt PTA , and you're wondering where the computer is .... I have it . If you're wondering where the computer should be , I have an idea of where ... 
just walked into a class a half hour early . the same class i've been taking for a couple of months . I'm losing my mind ! 
is plumb out of go-juice . 
man , this day just keeps on giving ... 
RT \Just pay the parking ticket . Don't be so outraged . You're not a freedom fighter in the civil rights movement . You double parked . \"" 
Finally , real snow ! Is this a record ? The kids are begging to go out again ... too bad it didn't come so they could enjoy it over the weekend ! 
Oh ! Season's finale of Mad Men , and my last date with < PROPMALE > Draper for too long . I thought I was pulling for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , but it is clear now that I can't . Too sad ! 
did you know that * we * have Christmas Seals available at our office- in our hot little hands- to seal your Christmas cards with ? Only $10 ! 
so -- how many bottles of fabric softener do I have do dump on my carpet before I realize that putting it on top of the washing machine before a cycle isn't a good idea ? I think I'm running four ? What a Monday . 
RT @Ja_La : That girl is poison . Never trust : (_|_) & a :) 
Mondays are migranes , Fridays are hives . what gives ? I never read about these kinds of trials in the bible !?! 
< PROPFEMALE > , taking that late afternoon nap after my date-day with my < PROPFEMALE > probably wasn't the smartest move . Also , very happy I've found my quiviut smokering for the cold weather this week ! 
My < PROPFEMALE > got his annual bonus today ... and he's out getting me a new ipod to replace the one Dude dunked in the fish tank . I'm touched beyond words . How sweet is that ? 
Sooo , a very challenging day is behind me and I am happy ... oh , do I crack open the bottle of wine I've had in the fridge for a few months ? Decisions , decisions 
is a Little Lebowski Urban Achiever ! 
lord have mercy- oldest thought dodgeball in my living room was an appropriate game for sleepover guests . HOBBY FAIL . 
Is feeling pretty momtastic : I concocted a pedialyte icee for < PROPFEMALE > Mille- we < PROPFEMALE > y be sick , but we're sipping in style ! 
Happy Thanksgiving , y'all! We're eatin ' at 1- come on if you're hungry ! 
has reached the end of the internet and is now bored . 
Cam's new concern : dismayed over our recycling bin- she wants to know why we're forcing unfortunate folks to re-use our old pop cans . What about the germs ? 
ok , it is on ! I'm officially on the quest to find child care for dude starting in January- either until March or forever ! Anyone with a lead on a great place you'd leave your babe , please bring it on ! ( please ? ) 
is every woman- finally got constitution exam back- got an A ! Woot ! 
RT @ < PROPMALE > H : I pledge allegiance to The Saints and to the great city of New Orleans ; and to The Super Bowl , for which we will win ; One city , below sea level , under God ; with Mardi Gras & alcohol for all . AMEN ! 
can't sleep . Booo ! 
just had to park on the flipping fricking street because my car kept sliding down the driveway into the street . ARGGEESRRRRGHAHHFF ! 
wants to wish her brother < PROPFIRST > the best birthday ever . I love you , Brother ! 
ROFLOL- Dude just told me that < PROPFEMALE > pooped on his shoes . Bwahahahaaha ! 
just returned from a nice anniversary dinner with my < PROPFEMALE > and his parents ( their anniversary , too ) 10 years since I made an honest man of him ! 
is still working on the powerpoint presentation that WILL NOT END ! 
has just finished the fifth of six essays this weekend . ( not to mention the PPT on Friday ) Now working on #6 . The good news : Political Sociology is now a thing of the past ! I might just get the work of this weekend behind me so that ... I can go to another week of work ! Please excuse that I can't work up any enthusiasm for that . 
Burgundy . Please , God , tell me I haven't inspired something burgundy . 
final or not , I gotta go to bed . Keep your fingers crossed I actually get up to study tomorrow morning ! 
annnd , I'm up . It's going to be a heck of a day . 
needs a V8 . 
is a bit of a grumpypants today . 
clearing the floor in advance of < PROPFIRST > putting in new laminate , hopefully in time to get a xmas tree up . Brilliant or supid ? Only time will tell ... he says before his birthday on the 20th , I , of course say not ! Anyone want to wager with us ? 
is beyond done . 
needs two different vacations .... one where I spend time with the babies and do Christmassy things .... and one where I sit on my butt and do nothing but read trashy books and watch movies . 
URGENT FACEBOOK UPDATE : As of today , Facebook staff will be allowed access to new features regarding your children and pets . To turn this option off , go to Settings , then Privacy , then Meals . Click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of Facebook from eating your beloved offspring and pets . Copy this to your status to warn your friends ! 
feels like a particularly juicy bone the pack of dogs are fighting over . The girls tussle over who lies next to me during snuggle time , the boy sits on their faces , and while the husband calls me out to keep him company while he floors , one girl gets elbowed in the nose while the other pushes her over . Can I go back to work now ? 
RT @fakeapstylebook : Avoid reader confusion about whether Africa is a country or a continent by never writing about it 
can't seem to get enough sleep ... **** you , winter ! 
wants to know if anyone else is creeped out by the music on the Snuggie commercial , like I am . Yeesh . 
is wishing her < PROPFEMALE > ( who won the floor bet ) the best 37th ever . Even though he only wants to be a Saints fan when they win . Lots of love , old guy ! 
hopes the second half of her < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday goes better than the first ... that poor guy can't help but get the short end of ther stick half the time . 
It is going to be a great day , followed by a short week and even better -- Christmas with my family ! It doesn't get any better than this 
< PROPMALE > woodard is on his radio show saying that the relative risk of second hand smoke is low . Nice . 
doesn't know what she's going to do with that long off without her work family ! Are you people seriously telling me I have to whine to my biological family instead ? Unthinkable ! 
is happy to note that if you're so slack that you've got to shop for Xmas dinner on Xmas < PROPFEMALE > , going at 8 am is a good strategy . The < PROPFEMALE > n bigger up is that I could get all fresh stuff ! I'm super stoked . 
is feeling very guilty ... was watching Midnight Mass on Ch . 2 ... the Archbishop sounds like a cross between < PROPMALE > and Mr. Rogers singing the preparation of the gifts . Blast that new fangled music ! 
Good Morning , Good Morning , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and lots of love to all of you ! 
it must be christmas , because I'm making alatiks . But nobody will eat because they're so busy playing ! 
< PROPMALE > , thanks for taking it off our hands . Life is so good ... busy , busy ! < PROPFIRST>'s working on the steps today . Fingers crossed that he gets far ! 
Am seriously reconsidering getting the girls the Beatles Rock Band . If I have to hear Cam warble ' Yellow Submarine ' one more time , I might just hurt someone ! 
Please tell me this is a boy thing .... if you get two of anything- two cups , two toys ... or two zhu zhu pets , they can only \play\ " with each other with the war cry of \ " ATTAAAAACK\ " first ? " 
is kinda achy and crabby . Any suggestions on how to break the mood ? 
so , the dude and I went to Costco . He starts yelling , \LOOK ! LOOK ! Check it out ! \ " and I can't figure out what he's excited about . I tell him to grab my hand and show me- and he drags me over ...... to the tires . WTF ? That boy loves him some cars . " 
It is a new year ! New Monday , new sweater , new hair color . It is going to be a great day . 
ok . the vibrant red highlights of yesterday have faded into orangutan orange ' fuzzball ' that starts about a half inch up from my otherwise dark hairline . Go me ! There will * not * be pictures commemorating this sad event . 
finds it difficult to balance her < PROPFEMALE > for good < PROPFEMALE > with her Schadenfreude . 
stayed up too late playing with her toys and now is paying for it . Isn't that what I always warn my kids about ? 
really doesn't like being the last home from work and the first one to think about what might be good for dinner .... 
' s oldest learned the Ode to Joy on her < PROPFEMALE > because I told her that it was one of my favorite pieces of music . How lucky am I ? 
To all my Orthodox Christian friends , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Who's cooking and when can we come to eat ? 
beige ! 
wishes time was negotiable when she's working on a roll ! 
Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered BABY LOSS . ??? The majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss is a taboo . ??? Break the silence . ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ babies gone too soon but never forgotten about ! ? ? ? 
' s husband keeps changing her pandora station from < PROPFIRST > Mayer to 90's Grunge , citing that her music sounds like muzak . If he continues to do that , she cannot continue to guarantee his physical and emotional well being . 
< PROPFIRST > Benetar was right : Love IS a battlefield . ( if , of course , love means small children snuggling in your bed on Sunday morning and battlefield means them rolling around with elbows and knees and the occasional right to the jaw ) 
some days are better than others . some are not . Guess which ? 
is having a good day already , and it is only 10:00 ! Keeping fingers crossed that it ends the way it began ! 
so the day ended up bottoming , but recovered near the finish . Shroder , I got two words for you : High . Maintenance ! 
will be very happy when cold and flu season is over . Very . Very happy . Happy . Yes . 
I'm scared of the Roomba . I'm scared of the Roomba ! Run ! RUN ! ( quote of the morning ) 
is ready to get better , now . 
? If you are a wife , that has a wonderful husband that works hard and would give up anything just to give to you , then repost this ... because I have the most wonderful husband in the world and I love him very much !!!! ? 
just realized why I don't watch No reservations more often- I'm famished after watching all that food ! 
i think < PROPFEMALE > is in the bathroom pottytraining dude ... should i be doing something ? 
* why * am I having such a hard time kicking a stupid cold ? 
Cam says : Home is a good place for me to be . * sigh * ahhh , Love . 
might just be done with tobacco . 
is finally feeling good enough to force everyone to do their chores ! FTW ! 
rt < PROPFEMALE > Squartsoff : In a friendship with a fat kid there are no teeter totters , there are only catapults ... 
needs a hammock . 
ok , finished Game Change- loved it- Adzima , you want I should drop it at the office ? 
is still trying to come to terms with her star-crossed and unrequited love for < PROPFIRST > Bourdain . Damn you , Fate ! 
wants everyone to bow their heads for a moment and say a prayer for < PROPMALE > , my very drunk nephew , who just called us from Bourbon Street . May he last long enough to see the Saints win the Superbowl ! I never thought I'd see the day . 
so , is it friday yet ? 
is having a stellar parenting night ... dude got in trouble at ' school ' , < PROPFEMALE > threw us a big fat lie in front of her grand parents , and < PROPMALE > got busted hiding stuff she's on restriction from . Parenting WIN ! 
funny rt : all that's missing from behind < PROPMALE > McDonnell is a cat , dog , and a limping < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
This is the first time since 2003 since I haven't been an official volunteer for the PF . I enjoyed the work , and believe in the cause , and wish them the best success in acheiving maternal health and wellness . 
can't wait for this week to be over . OVER . OVER . OVER . 
is at a pivotal moment- I'm watching a documentary on < PROPFIRST > Rove with my oldest child . Ahh . 
It has been decreed , and is by executive order : it WILL be a good week . That is all . Thank you , and return to your seats . 
hit the upper end of her tolerance for BS this evening . The good news is that she didn't lose her fool mind until after House was over . The bad news is that she done lost her fool mind . 
is bemused by her inability to come to terms with today's experience at training : a work colleague had taken up residence in a middle stall , while talking on her cell phone . What is it with people and weird potty habits ? I'd feel weird if a * stranger * caught me at that , but folks I have to work with ? My mind remains boggled . 
was so happy to wake up to all of these lovely birthday wishes ! Thank you ! I'm planning on celebrating my day with a trip to the dentist , lol ! 
sooo , anyone got any ideas why that boy keeps waking and crying at night ? Laura : wits ' end . 
needs help : you know the old farm in the country where dogs go to retire ? We need one of those for Oz . Wonderful older dog , can't deal with little yippers . He bit < PROPMALE > again . I'll admit , sometimes I'd like to bite < PROPMALE > , but we can't risk it anymore . 
Against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain . < PROPMALE > Schiller 
is on a documentary binge . Netflix on demand in the bedroom via favorite birthday present could be ultimately problematic . I anticipate bedsores and such . 
thinks she's going to throw up . 
someone tell that colt to quit humping that Saint with the ball . He may have long hair , but he ain't a girl . 
< PROPMALE > light commercials are lame . LAME ! 
what's with all the emasculated men commercials ? 
Annnnd they're on . 
doesn't even know what to say ... 
Unflipping believable ! Geaux Saints ! 
has never been so happy to see < PROPMALE > Benson as tonight . 
there are times when a snuggie is a Very Good Thing . 
has the best coworkers , ever . They ordered Gumbo House gumbo and jambalaya and po boys to celebrate my birthday ! 
needs advice : I've met all the requirements for a BS in Liberal Studies , but only need one class for a BS in Political Science . Be done in something general , or take another class for a degree in PS ? Cost vs benefit ... 
came home from a long day and was looking forward to vegging out- but tomorrow is universal small child < PROPFIRST>'s day . The card process was oddly cathartic and exactly what I needed .... 
oh yeah , totally ready for a weekend ! 
so , < PROPFEMALE > folks- what's the best hotel near the convention center to stay at ? 
would like to thump the folks who made the sock monkey ' n ' friends pulling a Hangover night commercial everytime I have to argue with Dude that it isn't ' Yo Gabba Gabba ' . thankyouverymuch . 
wishes very much that she'd been able to keep < PROPMALE > in her old school . Seriously . 
well you know , ( nitrous ) is a helluva drug ... 
root canals suck , but I guess they're better than the alternative ! But dang my mouth hurts ! 
has made her first crockpot gumbo . Keep fingers crossed it turns out good ! 
dude said this morning he was ' going to Zinkie ' . Can't say I blame him ! 
wishes a pox on the house of the folks who made Me and < PROPFEMALE>'s day unnecessarily long . Mine is just ending , hers continues on . 
is totally stoked that the Youth Summit is going to be the best ever , and is so excited to see all the youth tomorrow ! 
so , the moral of the story is : if the dude tells you that his tummy hurts , chances are his tummy flipping hurts . 
is feeling pretty clever because she made grilliades and grits for dinner ! 
can't believe that a little painting would make her so sore ! 
can't believe < PROPFEMALE > Erdrich is on HL Gates genealogy show on PBS- how cool is that ? 
is just not ready to face this day yet . 
ok , I give : can someone explain the whole \curling\ " thing ? I don't get it . " 
First Child Appreciation Week : post a photo of your oldest child as your profile pic & show how much we appreciate the first born kids in our lives for all they go through & all they do ! Copy this and comment with name , age , and why they are special ! 
loves this time period we're living in- I'm working on my work computer remotely , sick kid is watching streaming netflix , and I'm communicating with coworkers via messenger . HOW on earth did people get by before the internet ? 
Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out with a sick toddler tomorrow ? I swear , the fever only makes him more theraputic to cuddle ! 
is ready for the boy to start getting better , rather than worse . I'm getting a little freaked out . 
ahh , Boy's fever finally broke last night and he only woke once at 4 am to ask for juice . I think he is finally on the mend , thank goodness ! 
the boy is still in limbo as the doc orders more tests . At least the xray showed his lungs weren't worse , but please say a prayer for us as we try to get clean-catch urine from his little noncompliant apparatus . 
has the most thoughtful husband . Particularly in matters most important . 
They say that a parent can only be happy as their least happy child , that sure has been true this week . I'm particularly happy to return to the business of life . 
breaking news : apparently < PROPFEMALE > is spreading the word to her 1st Grade peeps that she's \more popular than < PROPFEMALE > Montana\ " Who knew ? I certainly haven't been giving her nearly enough credit ! " 
ya know , I know I jinxed it and offended the weather gods when I said \breakup\ " a couple of weeks ago but January-quality-frost on the inside of my windows ? C'mon! MERCY ! UNCLE ! I GIVE ! YOU WIN ! " 
it has been a looong day but the conference room looks fan-flipping-tastic and ready for some serious work ! 
a bottle of wine just doesn't seem to go as far as it used to ! 
so , monday's the roughest day of the week and it is nearly over . Now on to the 2nd roughest day ... 
note to self #2354 : refrain from telling the toddler with no acquaintance with < PROPMALE > or his World that ' monkeys fly out of my butt ' without expecting that he will look for them . 
can't sleep- the boy went to camp out in < PROPFEMALE>'s room and I have half an ear open waiting for him to thump back up the stairs ! 
knows what true love looks like : honesttogoodness i'm watching \spice world\ " with the girls via Netflix . " 
is feeling like pretty hot stuff : I made boudin balls ( for the first time ! ) and sweet rolls for brunch . YUM ! 
is having a monday to end all mondays- Cam's got an eye swollen shut , < PROPMALE > has a science project that needs to be jetted to school , and dude is running around with \spirit fingers \"" 
Another looong day , inching closer to the weekend ... 
rt < PROPFEMALE > Shanagin : some days no matter what I say , I feel like I'm far away in a foreign country and my translator is drunk 
really needs this week to be over , like , now . Please . No , seriously . Like now . 
the only good thing I can say about this day so far is that nobody died . that I know anyway . Knock wood . Wait- there's still about 6 hours left . Crap ! 
come on day , I'm hoping while you're spinning- no whammy , no whammy ! 
up at 6 , breakfast on the table by 9:30 , and ready to back to bed ! 
full day of work ahead , but I'm distracted thinking about making some kulich ! Easter is so close ! 
bless < PROPFEMALE > and her < PROPFEMALE > with my netflix bollywood phase . 
is fighting middle-child inertia and am now officially a Brownie Scout leader . I have * papers * . Please cross your fingers that my ability to parent will extend as far as the last child because it isn't looking so good . 
is feeling a little self conscious ... I found an otoscope and me and the girls have just spent the last half hour looking at each others ' ear drums . That even weirds me out ! 
pain in my noggin , keeping me up . Maybe it was the otoscope . 
it goes on and on ... the boy took umbrage at my talking during a song and told me to ' shub up ' . I told him not to talk disrespectfully to me , so he tried to stuff his blanket in my mouth . * sigh * at least he tried to follow the letter of the law , if not the spirit ! 
got a batch of kulich rising -- keeping fingers crossed it turns out . Anyone got any tips of what to do if you don't have enough cans ? 
5 lbs of flour gone , last batch of kulich in the oven , < PROPFIRST > and the girls at church , eggs drying on the table -- life is good . Thanks to < PROPMALE > and Faith for saving the day with their pans ! 
hmm , self preservation or lazy ? I'm in my jammies and vegging already . mitigating factor : head cold . Again . ARRRRGH ! 
if you ever feel compelled to ' feed a cold ' I would highly suggest Guido's Pizza Stromboli . It is so choice ... 
pleasepleaseplease don't make me watch Cars again . 
where's my easy button again ? 
can someone explain to me why every time the boy catches a cold it turns into ' really quite ill' ? Please ? I've exhausted my storied mommy experience base 
Arrested development on streaming netflix- yeaaa ! 
Ahh baby dreams- I moved the boy and he muttered ' bubbles ' .... 
Isn't quite sure what to make of my strange relationship with @jenadzima first she dents my forehead in a fit of rage with a mouse , then we literally exchange socks . Weird . 
Poor sick baby and his croupy cough .... Poor mama awake at 4:30 ! 
decided that we couldn't face the day without banana pancakes . Oldest got to DJ and chose \Another Brick in the Wall\ " ( natch ) and we had to have a family discussion about the difference between * Pink * and * Pink < PROPMALE > * . There's a talk I didn't anticipate ! " 
Bad Mom Hall of Fame : I just sucessfully convinced the dude that his epic tantrum triggered the monthly test of the emergency broadcast system . It didn't work for long- but damn it felt good . 
Ktva is reporting that the clinical trials < PROPMALE > was just passed -- go ACS CAN and congrats < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
could be doing better . the boy has pneumonia again- actually worse than last time and in a different lung . 
so , current word is that he has a severe bacterial pneumonia , waiting for the culture to see if he's going to need to spend some quality time with iv antibiotics . 
anyone seen Dr. Roberts , the pediatric pulmonologist in Anchorage ? We're seeing him tomorrow for the dude . 
We have a wet diaper ! The first real one today ! And the crowd went wild ... Thank heavens . 
' s boy is getting much better- no fever , ate dinner w/o it coming back up , and lungs sounded good to the pulmonologist . A few more days with meds , and a clean x-ray on Monday and we'll be in the clear ! Scales are tipping toward asthma .... 
is just in from outside , clearing the flowerbeds in the garden . Underneath all those dead leaves , brand new growth popping up ! 
is itching for the sun to come back up so I can head back outside again ! 
Wonders if there Is some sort of dental school training on the most nausea-producing waiting room music possible . Sweet Jesu . 
is in a bad place . Mentally , physically , geographically , take your pick . 
has decided that today WILL BE a good day ! 
every day I inspect my garden before leaving for work , and it is a little greener every day . Now it is getting greener while I'm gone for work- how could it happen so fast ? Love , love , love Alaska summers ! 
Migraine second Sunday in a row -- not sure if it is no rest for the wicked or too much rest for the wicked . Pls advise . 
Is just getting home after a loong day at work- but a good day ! It was early registration for cac and we had all the folks who appreciate the work we do enough to raise money and volunteer their time for us . Puts it all in perspective , ya know ? 
so , I watched Glee so I could be like the cool kids at work , but only the brief < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > cameo beckoned , but it looks like we have a Glee convert in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is giggling just a little because I just told a guy who called the Lung Association where to get his BP checked . They're all body parts , right ? 
RT CARPENTERS UNION LOCAL 1281 The fight is never about grapes or lettuce . It is always about people . \ 
< PROPMALE > Chavez . 
Dude is in trouble with his dad because he figured out how to steal the itouch and play < PROPMALE > yokam's ' pocket of a clown ' over and over and over . 
Is on her way to wasilla to get ready to staff the clean air challenge bike ride tomorrow ! Wish us lung-era luck ! 
Saw a biker cussing into a cell phone on the side of the road- had to restrain < PROPFIRST > from stopping . I guess once a sag wagon , always a sagwagon ! 
Pathos on the playground : the word from the monkeybars set is that they won't be making spongebob after next year . * tear * 
Poor dude wiped out on the sidewalk today- he's scabbed from forehead to lip . This one's gonna leave a scar ! 
Just realized that cam is < PROPFIRST > to < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > . 
the girls just got back from relay all windblown and glowing from seeing old friends and volunteering . Ahh , warms my heart after this dreadful week , it does ! 
went out to garden this morning , and when I looked up , it was 1:30 ! my favorite way to spend a < PROPFEMALE > day ... 
Unanticipated parental discussion #5456 : if you're taking your brother down the street to help a neighbor garden , please ensure that he is wearing some sort of pants . 
Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me . 
thinks life is just bizarre sometimes . Just plain weird . 
wasn't completely sold on the dicathus until I realized that the breeze sends the sweet smell right into our living room windows ! Yea ! 
wishes all days could be as glorious as this one ! 
My trip down the slip and slide was likely poorly advised , if my screaming abdominal muscles are any indication ! 
saw a job posting looking for someone with \skill at being visionary\ " Seriously ? Would you know if you were visionary ? Is there a class somewhere ? Certified in Visionary Studies ? " 
is losing her fool mind : my purse is missing . And in it , my iphone . 
It is a beautiful day- onward and upward ! 
couldn't resist , and her head exploded , all over the keyboard 
my girl caught a fresh red ( skunked her dad- AGAIN ) and there'll be perok tomorrow ! 
Boy is sick again . Seriously , WTF ? 
dude's recovered in time for his birthday tomorrow , I'm nearly better , and < PROPFEMALE > is just getting sick . Blahhh ! 
Hey work world friends : ALA's phones are down today , so if you want one of us , email please ! 
Is so excited to actually find freesia 
yeaa ... note to self ... if you're going on a documentary binge , take care with pairings : starting with the levees in < PROPFEMALE > , and moving to the occupation planning ( or lack thereof ) in Iraq . Poor , poor personal choice . 
can't get past some good news I got today . Relief itsn't even a strong enough word ! 
hey seward highway veterans : when is traffic better or worse on a Saturday ? We want to be in Seward before 3 pm 
is having the nicest day ... 
so , it looks like I'll be going to philadelphia for a conference in July- I've never been before ! Who has ' must-sees ' that we have to hit while we're there ? 
has never seen anything like this : the kitten jumped on the bed and pranced over to dude , laid next to him , started purring and then bit his hand to get him to play ... 
who felt the earthquake ? that was a good one ! 
had to concede that she wasn't an expert , but in her experience cats don't actually * prefer * to go down slides . It could be a lack of imagination , however . 
what a strange , sad day . Thank you for everything , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
poor < PROPFEMALE > was just stung/bitten by a hornet- no sign of allergic reaction , but mom/first-aid wise what should I remember ? 
And angus is back safely . Thank goodness for nice neighbors and Craigslist ! 
thinks that ' a frog is a frog , but a dog is man's best friend ! \ " , 201 0-0 7-08 05:13:35 " 
would be really flipping happy if any member of my immediate family- such as they are- would do what they're supposed to do , when they're supposed to do it . 
< PROPFEMALE > , I don't know how to break this with you , but Dude has decided that he will be joining us on the airplane tomorrow . Hope it is no inconvenience ! 
It is a little disconcerting to watch the world start their day when I haven't finished my last one ! 
Oh what to do first ? I may just go looking for the fresh < PROPMALE > . I hear he spent most of his days near west Philly . 
Health terrorism : trying to scare the health into people 
As death educators , if our kids feel immortal it is our job to make them feel mortal . 
Note to laura : generally you cannot find statues of < PROPFIRST > e < PROPFIRST > in civil war memorials north of the < PROPMALE > Dixon . I come by it honest tho ! 
has only one sad thing in an otherwise lovely day : my boy won't talk to me on the webcam because he is too lonesome for me . * ouch * 
Having a hard time dragging my carcass out of bed ... 
Just ran thru a thunderstorm -- flooding crosswalks and all- to get here for a session that was CANCELLED ! 
Ikea down , < PROPFEMALE > garden to go , and I can leave Philly a happy woman ! 
Thinks shed bensafer 
Thinks shed have Been safer hitching a ride than in that cab . Holy < PROPFIRST > ! 
And we are on our way back home- can't wait to see my babies ! 
dude says \I'm a pirate 
is economizing , economizing but it burns ! 
Survey says ...... KIDNEY STONES ! woo hoo . I can barely contain my excitement . 
< PROPFEMALE > on Dude's exertions : \I think he wants flat abs \"" 
ouch . 
made some poor personal choices this afternoon ... sometimes I have more ambition than sense ! 
some days it just isn't worth the effort to chew through the restraints . 
Would like a fast forward button until the pain pill kicks in .... 
30 rock is a flipping funny show- I wanna be < PROPFEMALE > lemon ! 
can anyone explain why ' The Sandlot ' is < PROPFEMALE>'s favorite movie ? She can watch it every flipping day , and I'm not getting it ! 
The Shining is on AMC , and I gave < PROPFEMALE > permission to watch it ... it is still the scariest movie I've ever seen ... we'll find out tomorrow if this is the 8934th reason I'm a * terrible * mother ! 
is really digging Picasa's new facial recognition feature- it automatically suggests who to tag in pics ! 
Owwwwwwwwwwww 
is working at home and must have put the fear of something HUGE in those girls- they just went down to have a whisper argument ! LOLLOLLOL 
so , family- mom's pain was worse , so she's been admitted to get it under control . Keep your fingers crossed for her ! 
I try to use unconditional love in small amounts , she said , so people really appreciate it . The rest of the time I just try not to yell . Rt @storypeople 
sure is warm for a day that hasn't decided if it will be < PROPFEMALE > or not ! 
so , new parenting quandary : what do you do when the 3yo punches a sibling in the eye ? Not angrily , just sort of randomly . Prior experience has not prepared me ! 
mom's definitely headed in for biopsy this morning , so if you got fingers , can you cross ' em for her ? 
so , biopsy was moved today , and it doesn't look like an infection or liquid , so keep them fingers and toes crossed that whatever it is , it is benign ! 
is restless and a little bored .... 
is feeling a little guilty- I whined about what was for dinner , so my hunny ordered pizza for me ... I shouldn't have gotten away with that ! 
Is spreading misery across south central Alaska . Maybe I should head home . 
it is non-hodgkins lymphoma . another thing in a long list that she doesn't deserve . 
holy moly , is that sun I see ? What a gorgeous morning ! 
seriously ? The girls just brought home a stray cat : a classmate of < PROPFEMALE>'s moved to Texas , took the collar off their cat , and left him . Who does that ? 
how are we going to do this ? Mom's first oncology appointment this afternoon and the boy suddenly emerges with a rotovirus . I feel like typhoid < PROPFIRST > . 
1st oncology appointment down . She has stage iii B follicular lymphoma . Prognosis : potential cure . Good news , huh ? :-) . Chemo starts Thursday . The oncology folks are pretty nice ! If you pray , pray she responds to treatment ! 
Dude is crying in his sleep , ' i want a cookie!' . I've been there , son . I've been there . 
is having the kind of day that where the only reasonable goal is to just get through to the other side of it . 
Crap . She has to come back in tomorrow for another day of chemo . 
Home again , home again , jiggety-jog 
it is amazing how good the world looks after a good nights ' sleep ! 
Rerun of Friends on tv .... The entire cast looks like they're wearing wigs . How did I never see that before ? 
That flipping fricking laptop is crashing AGAIN . This is so frustrating ! 
Yeaaa ! First day of school- I still love the smell of freshly sharpened pencils and brand new notebooks without even a first pencil scratch ! 
Adq folks- anyone know someone who works at the daily mirror ? I got a question ! 
has discovered that compared with , say , six months ago that cancer is far less fun to talk about . 
Someone talk me down- it is too late to watch that babies movie on demand , right ? 
I think that three interviews today for that youth coordinator position were about one too many . I'm fried and short tempered . 
< PROPMALE > and I were able to ditch the others and are at the firetap for dinner ! Go us ! 
we're just two lost souls , living in a fishbowl ... 
in case anyone was wondering you * can * pull up an < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > station on Pandora ! 
Basketball Jones .... I got a Basketball Jones .... SO BABY OOOEEEEOOOUUUU 
What sort of misapprehension must < PROPFIRST > be laboring under that he still thinks I care about what kind of truck someone Is driving ? 
must admit that < PROPFIRST > totally called the results for the primary last night yesterday afternoon -- 
dude says \there's a ghost at Grampa's house . I saw it ! It was white and black and ooohh \"" 
hi people 
I am so bummed ! I think my kindle just passed on to its reward . May it rest in peace . 
@storypeople : It is so much easier to trust the universe when it is going well , she said . 
my favorite thing about the boy : when he's thwarted in his quest to rule the world \ 
( or his sisters ' portion ) he cries and then yells \I WANT MY MOMMA\ " like I have the secret password that can fix it ! " 
mom's 2nd chemo is today . I'm grounded because of a cold , but we're so lucky cousin < PROPFEMALE > can bring her ! 
I hate to speak too soon but I think my mom is getting better ! 
congratulations to my < PROPFEMALE > - he got a new crossnik today ! Baby < PROPFEMALE > Kewan is his 8th godchild , and he didn't even get struck by lightning when he was in church today ! 
Has an envie for gumbo and got all the fixins . Anyone use peanut oil for the roux ? I hope it turns out ! 
It is < PROPFEMALE > Tuesday ! 
is having a hard time settling down for bed ... hmm ... no caffeine this evening- I wonder why ? 
has officially jumped the shark : I just brought < PROPFEMALE > to school in an old-school * housecoat * . 
Still . Not . Sleeping . I wish there were another dozen 30 rock episodes to veg out to ! 
Calgon , take me away ! 
This karaoke thing is something else ! 
lollollol Here's my first time hearing this one : Dude just brought me a play phone and told me that his gramma said he could have a cookie ! 
anyone watching VMAs ? Does Usher look like he's wearing Garanimals , or is it just me ? 
has made a concoction for dinner that borders on obscene : chicken , bacon , cheese , french-friend onions , pretzels , and rice . Can't wait til it is out of the oven ! 
Anyone in Anchorage able to record the news tomorrow night ? Our friend < PROPFEMALE > is going to be on to talk about the new ALA cessation study on Channel 11 @ 6 ! ( and I'll be in Boise , getting my FFS on ! ) 
Are there any flipping flights to Seattle that aren't crammed ? Boo ! 
Is so excited to be in a new city ! 
I forget how strong the sunlight is outside AK ! 
Is a little too excited to be eating at the great steak and potato co ! 
is having an awesome day- great training , I'm on my way home tonight , I officially graduated with my bachelors AND just was notified that I'll be a part of Leadership Anchorage . Not quite sure how anything can follow that up , so I think I may just enjoy for a while ! 
is sending < PROPFEMALE > to school against her better judgment . What do you do with this asthma stuff ? 
just planted 75+ bulbs in the hopes of a colorful spring ! 
So folks looking for ALA staff : we are upstairs painting ... Catch ya later ! 
thinks searching for lost receipts is not a good use of my ( part ) time . That is all . 
busy morning at the Muller abode : Cam's picture day , mom's 3rd chemo , and Leadership Anchorage retreat at 11 . Good things , good things . 
@leadership anchorage having a blast ! 
Needs a decompression chamber between the retreat and home ! 
for those following my mama's progress , I forgot to mention on Friday : when testing her blood count before her last chemo , the doc was impressed that her white blood count is so high ! 
Chore and errand day today .... having a hard time getting motivated ! I need a kick in the pants to get going . Any applicants ? Form a line to the right . 
thinks it is nothing personal , but she'd like something oppressively heavy to fall on * both * Lady Gaga AND < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Discuss . 
ARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! 
just colored her hair , and it came out dark . Really dark- like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > dark . Not a good look ! 
Why do some people have to such complete wastes of space ? 
should not have the ability to muck about in large databases . I don't know who gave me access to DataTrack , but they have poor personal judgement . * shrugs * 
this is quite possibly the worst teleconference I've ever been on . Bloated , unfocused , self-congratulatory . There should be an award , but then again , they might feel the need to tell us about it . 
doesn't remember three years old involving so much screaming .... this kid wearing me out ! 
Has had worse mornings , but very few . 
had a great day exploring < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > Seplocha Stoppa , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and the incomparable < PROPFEMALE > Adzima ! 
Well there you have it . My home is no longer fit for human habitation . 
So , why do the food choices that seemed so benign during the day suddenly become very silly at three in the morning ? that mocha shake in the pm followed by garlic hummus for dinner become poor personal choices , in retrospect . 
Is not feeling well . Also , drag u is fabulous . 
Got the dude snow boots today and now he's trying to convince me that it is snowing outside so he can go play in them ..... 
thinks life is so much better when there are young folks in the office ! 
Hates getting her teeth cleaned but loves having cleaned teeth ! 
Great Minds Discuss Ideas ; Average Minds Discuss Events ; Small Minds Discuss People 
and the hours , well I don't mind how they creep on by like an old love of mine , it's the years that are simply disappearing that are doing me in ... 
woke up crabby 2nd day in a row ... how many days does it take before you just have to admit you're just a grouchy person ? 
wonders if some people think they're getting paid by the word . 
Ok @jenadzima said this was fb worthy : I made the poor personal choice to bring all 3 critters coat shopping , only to discover that the Dude has developed a deep seeded fear of mannequins . Or as cam calls them ' annikins ' . So , here i am dragging the boy throughh the store while he's yelping that the aliens are coming to get him ... Remind me next time to shop online ! 
@ allies school at her first orchestra performance . This is awesome ! 
Had a delicious late afternoon nap ... I highly recommend taking one if you have the < PROPMALE > . It is so choice . 
Doesn't know what she'll be doing on Sunday nights now that Mad Men is over ... 
Is a little too proud that my 12 year old has a declared political affiliation ! That's my girl ! 
Has hit a new personal low- I just told the boy I had to go to the bathroom to get out of watching any more < PROPMALE > jr. How much oobi is one person expected to take ? 
Overheard an argument in the living room , which turned into a discussion about the merits of driving a motorized 4wheeler off the ottoman to the floor . Fortunately , @alliemuller was on the right side of it . 
Anyone live in downtown anchorage ? 
hey Darsha Squartsoff and Garman Squartsoff ! Your dada is famous ! just saw Uncle < PROPMALE > on the stage during the invitational dance with the Alutiiq dancers for AFN 
Is restless , restless . 
Hopes all her Anchorage friends remember to call their assembly peeps before Tuesday's public hearing- tobacco taxes are our best way to prevent kids from starting ... Tell them protect kids , tax tobacco ! 
Is home with ear-impaired cam but made cinnamon apple crepes for breakfast ... Yumm yummy yum ! 
Poor Crab has a terribly infected ear . 
Honestly , I have no idea how someone could knowingly take money from the tobacco industry to help them do their crap and still sleep at night . You'd think at some point I'd get used to it , but I never do . 
Is a monument to productivity- I got caught up after days out of the office and was still able to leave on time . Go me ! 
Is going to need a weekend break from this weekend ? Who's ideas was it to put Halloween on a Sunday , anyway ? 
is super excited the election is tomorrow , so she can start checking her mail again ! 
Snow ! 
Anyone know anything about ' ice pick headaches' ? I threw everything but the kitchen sink at it , but It is still here .... I have too much to do this week to be out of commission ! 
is appreciating that when she bought < PROPFIRST > speakers , she didn't get the cheap ones . 
Is still trying to shake off the migraine meds given this morning in the ER . Not sure which is preferable- headache or zombie sleep . Doesn't the universe know I have too much to do , like get back to @jimmckenzie ? 
And sometimes they're more entertaining\ 
In their sleep : < PROPFIRST > and the boy are fighting in their sleep . Dude threw the first swing . 
is learning to live with the fact that my support of a candidate is inversely proportionate to their ability to get elected . < PROPFIRST > Gutierrez when you run again , I'm going to have to support whatever nutjob opposes you , just to make sure you win ! 
So , in case anyone was wondering if last month's < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ' do could be topped , the answer is that it can . Anyone doubting it is welcome to take a gander at my navy blue roots . Like Superman , you know . 
Can't sleep ... Could be the reemergence of the migraine or knowing tomorrow is mom's big imaging day , to see how much of the tumors are gone before her next chemo Friday . Ya , that's probably it . If it isn't good news , I'm not sure I want to know ! 
Thank you @margelarson for agreeing to be my Leadership Anchorage mentor ! If I'm ever able to emulate a fraction of your leadership , the world will no doubt be a better place . You're my hero ! 
has the best daughter on the planet , hand's down . What other 12 year old gets up early and makes coffee for her mother , without being asked ? < PROPFEMALE > Muller does . 
Good news at the oncologist- tumor is Down from 54 cm to 18 cm . We will recheck after the next chemo ... 
hmm , day 5 of consecutive migraines- a new record ! not quite sure what I owe this honor to , but at least I can take comfort in being successful . 
There's an arrested development marathon on IFC ... Not sure I'll be able to do anything else until I've watched ' em all . Score ! 
You gotta fight ... For your right ... 
Shame on < PROPFEMALE > Drummond , Elvi grey < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > Flynn for showing the tobacco industry that their strong arm tactics work . Disgusting . 
Watching a docu on < PROPFIRST > Atwater- I had no clue he went to Newberry college ! 
My poor baby < PROPFEMALE > has a busted lip , loose teeth , and hurt feelings after falling- on her face- on the playground . All I can do is snuggle her close 
Um , yeah . So this Saturday morning is not turning out as I'd hoped . do over ? Maybe around Monday 9 am ? 
Had the kind of virus over the weekend where the biggest fear isn't that you'll die , but worry you might live . Today , the worst has passed , but I'm as worn-out as a wrung out washrag . 
Hasn't eaten anything other than pub mix since Friday . I'm ready to try real food , but nothing sounds good . What should I try ? 
I forgot how much I like to watch The Jeffersons and All in the Family ! Much more fun than the news . 
Was able to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > away from the ' big tv ' with the dateline about < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and his engagement ... She shoots she scores ! How long before I can change the channel and pass the red face test ? 
As my Facebook friends and family , we are taking applications for thanksgiving dinner . If you meet the MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS for the spot , we will let you know . if you feel you meet the MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS and ALL the MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS you can apply . WARNING : this does not constitute an offer of dinner . Regards , < PROPFEMALE > . 
note to self #984 -- the jaunty yoga pants that seemed such a kicky complement to that sweater set this morning had inherent and untold risks that prompted the < PROPFEMALE>'s Choice of our age : When your hands are knuckle deep at the break room sink doing plant maintenance , do you use the dirty hand to hike up your falling pants , or do you let them drop til you can dry them off ? 
had a pretty great and eventful day , but the best part- by far- was walking around with Dude at Sears while he touched the foot of every single mannequin he saw , you know , to make sure it wasn't secretly alive . 
Mat-su schools closed tomorrow .... I wish ASD would do it in advance , too . C'mon , ice day , ice day ! 
ASD just announced- no school tomorrow ! 
just wandered the half mile to target to forage for food for the kiddies . I wasn't able to use my breaks from the c street roundabout to our house- I had to downshift to keep from sliding sideways . Three tries to get up my driveway into the garage , and a semi almost rear-ended me at a light . Yup , the roads are icy ! 
I'm enjoying the time off for weather a little too much ... cooking tasty things I usually don't have the time for ... cleaning closets and such . What an unexpected blessing ! 
house cleaned ... check . Fudge made .. check . Leaf in table .. check . Fudge bite . Laundry on ... check . Fudge bite . Floor swept ... check . Fudge bite . Powder tidied ... Check . More fudge . See where this is headed ? Hey- it may be gone before everyone gets home . Keep the fact I made fudge a secret , would you ? I'd hate for them to miss it ! 
Danged turkey won't finish cooking ! 
note to self : when one gives birth to three- yes , three- children , one's house has the consequent noise of- three , yes , three- loud and obnoxious children . Just saying . 
Its only 5 pm , am I hearing that it's too late to get dressed for the day ? 
Double score : When < PROPMALE > Met < PROPFEMALE > on channel 6 . Ahhhhhhhh ! 
It's Monday , and the only one who seems to be tolerating it well is the boy- < PROPFEMALE > missed the bus , cam feels sick , and I'm understanding why animals eat their young . 
took < PROPMALE > to the doc today ... now she's on lock-down with oral steroids to try to get her asthma under control . Doc said that it is kids with moderate/severe uncontrolled asthma like < PROPMALE>lie's who end up in the ER ( or worse ! ) from an attack ... How is it that I work for ALA and still didn't take my kid's asthma seriously ? 
that meeting was a flipping trainwreck . 
Looong day ... A little Dr. < PROPFIRST > and then lights out for this fluffernutter . 
conversation #23442 I could have never anticipated : Son , I promise you won't fall into a big mud puddle and choke . No , really , it is winter , there's no mud . Yes , I know you're scared . No , you're not going to fall into a puddle . Yes , I know there was blood , but you're fine . * yells * WHO LET THAT BOY WATCH THAT CRAP ON TV !? YOU'RE GOING TO WISH YOU FELL IN A MUD PUDDLE ! 
Thinking of the Hillmans today , as they < PROPFIRST > the second anniversary of their daughter's loss- a loss no family should ever have to < PROPFIRST > . 
Had no problem going to sleep , but if I could just * stay * asleep , that would be fan-flipping-tabulous . 
Orchestra recital time again ... Very exciting ! 
it just wouldn't be Christmas without our yearly asthma attacks from the dust ... 
so , wore my big brown clodhoppers to work today ... while cleaning the foyer , the girls managed to remove one shoe from FOUR PAIRS of my work shoes . Well played , ladies , well played . 
Arrgh ! I rushed through baking to get to modern family and find that it.is.a.flipping.re-run . Blaaaaaagh ! 
Anyone in the market for the cutest kitten evar ? < PROPMALE>'s persistent asthma might require a new home for her ... 
If you are of the praying type , they would be much appreciated right now , particularly starting Dec 27 , when mom starts a more aggressive treatment regimen for her lymphoma . 
wants to wish her < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Muller Jr the happiest of birthdays . I'm so lucky to have my best friend to share everything with . 
the cacophony of coughs , snorts , and gurgles is deafening . Will someone deliver me from these germy children ? 
In retrospect , eating fudge in lieu of lunch was a Poor Personal Choice . 
Just when I think the house rules are complete and written in stone ... An amendment to the previous ban on taking random pictures of the mother . This new amendment states that one cannot record the mother's conversations unbeknownst . Drat you dsi and your recording capacity luring < PROPFEMALE > into trouble ! 
The children are nestled all snug in their beds ... And I'm feeling very lucky for so many things tonight . Lots of love to all of you out there , and here's hoping that your Christmas is happy and blessed as ours has been so far ! 
The big plan on the morrow is a trip to < PROPMALE > e cheese ( the boy's never been there , in part because I'd rather chew on broken glass ) if anyone would like to lead that expedition in my place , I'd be happy to work in their place of business ! 
is grounded . I knew my car prefered the gargage during the winter , but this is ridiculous- check engine light on , runs , but won't accelerate . Even in reverse . \ 
\ 
Anyone want to play the odds on what the diagnosis is ? I'm starting a pool , which will be easy , because now my schedule is fully clear . 
bad news , kids : < PROPFEMALE>'s antibody titer came back through the roof . The pediatrician says the < PROPFEMALE > needs to find a new home , stat . Can anyone find some room in their hearts ( and homes ! ) for < PROPFEMALE > ? She's about six months old , and she's the best kitt-eh , ever . 
All I have to say is thank goodness for lonnnng warranties- the dealership is fixing EIGHT problems , and the only thing we are paying for is a new battery ! 
Please tell me that's not water on my windows ... If it's above freezing , it'll be a slippery mess out there ! Bah ! 
Assemble the minions ! 
Mom has a new chemo regimen starting today ... Please keep all applicable appendages crossed ! I am so glad that < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are here . 
Lassie come home moment of the day : < PROPMALE > the dog sleeps with < PROPFEMALE > , and only . He must've needed to go out , and woke her up . She fell back asleep on the sofa waiting for him . I let him back in , and he discovered cam wasnt back in her bed , so he came back up and nudged and nosed and growled at her until she woke up and trudged back to bed . I should recruit him to start doing bedtime ! 
< PROPFIRST > Daigle told me a story yesterday he heard as a kid from Grandpa : When he was courting Grandma , she lived in Afognak . This was before skiffs , so he'd row over to see her- it took eight to ten hours , but it was worth it to him . I think that should be your test to marry someone : would you row to see them ? 
Had the best evening ! Grand total of 48 people ate here tonight ... lots of aunties and uncles and cousins ... so lucky to have such a great family . 
Not quite sure what to do with myself today ! 
Alarms appear to work better when you turn them on . That is all . 
Just realized that my friend < PROPFEMALE > Adzima's wedding could serve as my long searched for second hobby . Bridal fairs are just one < PROPFEMALE > aspect .. There's the waiting and watching for bridezilla , there's flowers ... Like one stop entertainment shop . 
just doing some well-needed pruning of my friends list- including separating out young'uns from grown folks . If you're under the age of 18 and can read this , reply , would you ? 
Anyone know a good anchorage/Alaska divorce lawyer ? Real question . Not for me . 
I would like to know when it is possible for me to describe myself a tobacco control expert . If there is some sort of webinar or certification process , I'll take it ! 
Anyone out there know how to make an \App\ " and willing to do some probono work for the Lung Association ? We're itching to incorporate tobacco cessation support into portable form ! " 
Virus , virus go away and leave the dude and me alone ! 
Enjoying my < PROPFEMALE > being home in the evening for a change ! 
Will never understand the mind of a boy : after crying and squealing when < PROPFIRST > tickles or wrestles with the boy ... The boy will run up and swat or pinch his dad to get his attention again ! 
it's < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > day on pandora ... I'm blaming Lifetime , who broadcast \Coal Miner's Daughter\ " last weekend ! " 
Ouch . 
Umm , yeah . With as frequently I have my foot in my mouth , I should have my own shoe flavor at baskin robbins . 
is having to ration the oreos ; they are the only scientifically proven Dude coercion method . 
Earthquake ! Holy moly . 
Thank everyone so much for all the birthday wishes ... That's the one neat reminder about why each year is better and better ... More incredible people to share it with . 
has been enjoying the beautiful mornings we've had lately ; I've seen Denali from home for two days in a row ! 
Ugh . I think I ate something bad . 
Beastie Boys \Licensed to Ill\ " should be the soundtrack for * every * day ... " 
Sick of being sick ! 
Isn't it nice that nature stepped in to dump snow on us , you know , in case any of us were mistaking all that sunlight for spring ? 
so , the worst part about < PROPMALE > flying the coop back to < PROPFEMALE > is that Gran is in quarantine when we all get sick- anyone who hasn't caught this nasty flu- or is over it- please consider giving her a call and visiting soon ! 
I'm so excited to watch < PROPFIRST > McCartney perform \a day in the life\ " on snl- what a treat ! " 
Leaving ikea . So that thing people say about Seattle people going nuts when it snows is entirely new . Enough to make me nervous about getting back on the highway . 
Very excited to be back on the way to see my family ! 
Home 
Poor son-son is sad because he wants to wear his new lightning McQueen shoes to bed ! 
So , the moral of this story is that drugs might offer better living thru chemicals , but drugs are bad , y'all . 
I am draaaa-ggging this morning . My get up and go , got up and went ! 
I steal your < PROPFEMALE > like I stole your bike . 
I really hate to say this , but I think House has jumped the shark . 
Yeah . Beyond embarrassed . Taking nephew out to show him how to drive on the ice , and * got stuck * on the side of the road . @jenadzima is having to pick me up ! 
Hmmm I give up -- sinus infection , you win . But if I stay home with all these children here , it will be like being pecked to death by little baby ducks . Question of the day : do I go to work to escape the children ? 
Just realized that I was able to secure a private room for my mom at the hospital by revealing to staff that I'd like to thump her roommate on the noggin with a shoe . Also : if you want to see her , it would be a good idea to head up here . Quickly . Now she's in 503 ! 
Cam wants danskos . Anyone know where you can find kid ones other than nordy's ? 
still haven't figured out how to navigate the minutes and seconds of time while mom's so terribly sick . 
if you're the praying sort , yours would be appreciated right now . 
and that's all , folks . May her memory be eternal . Will post with memorial details when available . 
Well kids , you'll hear it here first : service tentative at the cathedral Tuesday at 11 , service in ouzinkie on wed 
nuts- correction : Anchorage service is Tuesday at 11:00 and Ouzinkie service is * Thursday * at 1:00 pm 
and I can't thank everyone enough for all the love and support during this time . the thousands of kindnesses from so many people help warm up a nasty world when your mom is suddenly gone ... 
Home again , home again jiggedy jog ... Hopefully < PROPFIRST > can find the car keys so we can get out of the airport ! 
is having the hardest day so far .... that must mean tomorrow is going to be on the upswing , right ? 
Spring is definitely in the air ! 
am acutely hoarding my last official day of mourning before breaking out of the cave on mon .... am enjoying listening to music and cleaning , without any complaints about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on repeat ... 
Feels good to be back at work ! 
worked too hard for too long today ... now my brain won't shut off ! 
Saw little shoots of plants peeking up out of the ground on my way in tonight ... waiting for < PROPFIRST > and then it is out to the garden for me ! 
Hey- anyone local like Yankee candle ' clean cotton ' scent ? My allergies won't let me use it ... Too expensive to throw away ! 
Did not consider the Immense aural pain it would trigger when buying < PROPFEMALE > Muller the Big Time Rush debut cd last night . The boy agrees ; Dude keeps yelling ' turn that yuck down!' 
received some new battery operated lights in the mail yesterday- like ' em but the cable remote can turn them on and off , leading to a pretty interesting light show when scoping for something good to watch ! 
So , can anyone guess as to why I'm still wide awake at 2 am ? Hmm ? 
Just saw a moving billboard- apparently the end of days is penciled in for may 21 . Well , that's a relief- and puts that whole student < PROPFEMALE > thing to another priority category entirely . 
Was thrilled to see kulich waiting for me from < PROPFEMALE > Elie when I got home from LA ... I'd salivated over < PROPFEMALE > Turvey's tasty donation earlier and I was feeling a little pitiful ! Thank you cousin ! 
My mama's 67th birthday and one month since she's gone . It is getting too far to count hours , days , and weeks but it feels like yesterday . 
Came home from a long day at the tobacco summit , and took my contacts out ... Only to realize I have no clue where my glasses are ! Guess I'll chill here in a blur til my family comes Home and finds my glasses ! 
Two mules fighting over a turnip . 
Thanks to everyone who helped < PROPFIRST > get moms apt . Cleaned out . He couldn't have done it alone , and i just couldn't . 
Can you believe it has been 40 days already ? Service for mom at the cathedral on Wednesday @7 pm . Come if you can . 
40 day pankhida for mom at the cathedral tonight at 7 . Be there or be square ! 
I LOVE YOU MOMMY 
i love my familly ! from < PROPFEMALE > and cam and dude !!!!! 
What the heck !? Found myself nearly ordering < PROPFEMALE > Shear's bra , then a diet sprinkle . I hate waking up to infomercials ! 
eating that deli sandwich I toted around all day was a Poor . Personal . Choice . 
