had really good holidays . 

The Visitor would have made a good PGSIS movie . 
so can we decide to try a little joy tomorrow 
Happy Father's Day from the girl you will never know thinks of you as a father . 
Off to Creation for ( mis)adventures . See you Saturdayish . 
shot a man in Reno , just to watch him die =P 
is a wizard , not a baboon brandishing a stick . 
can't win . Ever . 
Bones , bubbles , and BCP . What more could you ask for ? =P 
BCP sounds like a controlled substance , actually . 
bought a djembe ! Is excited . 
finally saw Fight Club beginning to end . 
is probably going to see < PROPFIRST > Mraz tomorrow ? 
IS going to see < PROPFIRST > Mraz tomorrow . 
needs to go to sleep so she can get up early and have the car for the day . 
won't hesitate no more , no more ... Jason Mraz tonight in Pittsburgh ! 
thinks Liann Sun is absolutely amazing and would die without her phenomenal facebook skillz . 
is playing NetHack . 
needs to pack her bags and get a haircut . 
is never going to get back on a normal sleep schedule if she keeps coming home after midnight . 
has a ton to do and not much time to do it in . But that's how she likes it . 
moves in the morning . Talk to you tomorrow night . 
is a little ice breaker-ed out . Bed . 
' s dorm showers are better than yours . 
did not need to be up this early . 
is done for the day . Her schedule rocks . 
College means naps whenever I want . 
is quite proud of herself for writing her WHOLE paper without getting distracted and checking facebook . And it's not even 2:00 ! 
doesn't have time for a grudge match with every poser in a parka . 
is ushering the < PROPFIRST > McDonald ( former Doobie Brother ) show . 
is trading in her chevy for a cadillac ack ack ack ack ack 
\Josh Groban is an angel sent from heaven to deliver platinum records unto us . \"" 
has had a thoroughly craptacular day . 
' s faith in humanity has been restored . 
going to dinner and a play . 
Saving < PROPFEMALE > - where is the WTF button when you need one ? 
is hot blooded ( check it and see ) . 
:) 
is abstaining from facebook until further notice . Well , until tomorrow , at the very latest , because that is when her paper is due . 
will return to regularly scheduled Facebook programming . 
is pleased . 
red tape red tape red tape 
got out of her afternoon class a half-hour early . Life is good . 
lacks focus . 
is home again . She's missed her crappy dorm room . 
applauds her immune system's work ethic . Really . 
has never been so glad to see a Friday . 
Kimi : Do we need cat food ? Me : Do we have cats ? 
wants to know if zamzar is legal . Anybody ? 
Am I allowed a casual tone in Marsden's reading responses , or does he expect everything to be very formal ? He seems pretty lax but he's still a lit professor ... 
is probably too tired to go out tonight . 
is hungry , and wants to go to dinner , but can't because she doesn't have a place to live . 
would rather sleep than go to < PROPMALE > Woodward about now . Then again , she'd rather sleep than do a lot of things . 
' s laptop is fried . Eff . 
is contemplating the ethics of breakfast cereal . 
might hear laughing , spinning , swinging madly across the sun ; it's not aimed at anyone , it's just escaping on the run , and but for the sky there are no fences facing . 
loves 24/7 computer access . 
is thankful for friends , family , her dog , Facebook , her piano , fuzzy socks , electric blankets , popsicles , djembes , naps , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > Potter , scholarships , her favorite pair of jeans , and you . 
has a computer . With internet . AND IT IS IN HER ROOM ! 
just wrote a paper about what Hell would be like if she were in charge . 
TOST - The Illusion @ 8:00 in Pratt Auditorium ! 
TOST presents The Illusion today in Pratt Auditorium @ 2:00 and 8:00 ! Come see it ! 
never fights with her love face on . 
can buy five things of oatmeal with one meal swipe ! Also , is easily excited . 
wonders why everyone is hating their colleges . She is , for the most part , having a blast . 
is apparently leaving tonight , instead of tomorrow morning as planned . How irritating . 
is not a pocket monster . 
tried alligator gumbo tonight ! Also had some pretty great apple pie and walked along the promenade under the Brooklyn Bridge - it was a pretty cool restaurant crawl ! 
has tickets to American Idiot on Broadway , during the run in which < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Armstrong will be playing St. < PROPFIRST > ! 
listen , Obama . I appreciate that you're trying to assure the country that there will be no further underwear-bombing attempts . But you can't just override the Oprah show like that ! Don't you remember all she did for you ? 
' s deep and consequential thought of the evening : what is the purpose of teaching/learning/permitting existence of the schwa sound ? 
is spending the weekend in Pittsburgh :) 
Get out of Core 15 < PROPFEMALE > early ? Yes , thank you ! 
thinks maybe the iPad is to soak up the Wii . 
can't sleep . :( 
loves ushering . That is all . 
loves Wednesdays . 
is trying the urbandictionary.com name thing . Katie : there's this girl that you know who , takes you for who you are even with all your faults and insecurities , who understands you even when your silent , makes you laugh uncontrollably , pulls your heartstrings and makes the most beautiful music ever everytime she speaks . 
has too much work to do to watch the Superbowl , but hopes the Saints win . Just ' cause she likes New Orleans . 
now wants to go to Mardi Gras . It's gonna be INSANE . 
finally found her doppelganger . Turns out she was looking in the wrong < PROPFEMALE > . 
loves extended deadlines . 
+ caffeine = unstoppable . 
: well played , insomnia , well played . 
should not be awake at this hour ... fml 
thinks this weekend's snow is like the really crap surprise party that nobody wanted . 
' s day has reached unprecedented pointlessness , but what she resents the most is the fact that it's made her post this , because she feels it's somehow beneath her . 
just saw a clip of < PROPFIRST > White dancing . As if being a < PROPFEMALE > weren't contraceptive enough . 
Rodents of Unusual Size ? I don't think they exist . 
finds that the problem with using frozen okra as an ice pack is that she's a little leery of letting it thaw too much . She's heard of refried refried beans , but she's not sure the same principle will apply here . 
has never gotten into the whole pandora , last.fm, etc , she just listens to the records what she's bought . Old school , you see . 
has surprise daffodils ! 
felt like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > today . 
wonders when they're going to get around to working out the bugs with Tuesdays . 
' s gradual accumulation of personal cookware is directly proportional to the gradual theft of community supplies . Correlation AND causality . 
needs a wardrobe opinion . Present thyself . 
is a pretty good cook . 
is cheered up like nothing else by summery rainstorms :) 
always wants , whenever people rave about 3D movies , to point out that real life is also in 3D . 
thinks every woman in Mists of Avalon needs a Sassy Gay Friend . 
doesn't ask permission so she can't be told no . :D 
tie-dyed her hands today . Oh , and a shirt , too . 
is cranking out papers like nobody's business . 
' s creative visions are foiled by inferior < PROPMALE > supplies . :( 
won't be sleeping this week . 
saw yesterday turn into today . 
needs summer to be over quickly , please . 
#$%#$^@#$%$#@ ! 
is taking scissors to her botched bangs . Wish her luck . 
has the best boyfriend ever :) 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
needs escapism . 
' s stomach is awfully vengeful today . 
has a request of anyone who's been a CA at IUP : how strict are they on your comings and goings on the weekend after CAs move in ? 
can't sleep , on the one night she really needed it . 
-- There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face . 
got a surprise call off of work ! This is like a snow day in July ! 
' s phone is MIA . Don't call/text . 
needs more cowbell . :( 
is going for ice cream :) 
is so sick of dealing with an 8-year-old desktop computer that doesn't even turn on reliably . She just . needs . to . print . something . 
doesn't name inanimate objects . 
put her new ( to her ) bed together by herself ! She feels all accomplished . 
has a surprise night off . She'll take that . 
thinks daybeds are a stupid idea . 
is reclaiming old haunts and favorite places . Movies . TV shows . Genres . Salad bars and Chinese food . The clothes she bought with someone else in mind . Her blankets , pillows , and stuff from IKEA ; her future plans and fond memories . It's all going to be just fine . 
needs some personal space . Oy . 
feels as if last week were a year ago . She's not sure how she feels about that , besides different . 
keeps losing her eyeliner . What a retard . 
' s apple intake has increased dramatically since returning to IUP . 
is gettin ' her church on . 
' s refrigerator is overzealous , so she's having cereal and milkshake for breakfast . 
is wired for no apparent reason . 
had a fantastic weekend :) 
' s class schedule sucks , but she can't complain about her weekends ! T minus 5 days to further adventures . 
is thankful for all of the new friends I have made this year . This year has been much different than she thought it would be , but sometimes the unexpected is good . 
had a great weekend full of sushi , WoW , and good company :) 
can't get over the absurdity of this night . I love Wallwork . 
|| Is anyone taking Botany next semester ? I'll sell you my plant collection ... 
passed everything , even micro ! It's a Festivus miracle ! 
is taking off for NYC with August Sommerfeld for New Year's! 
|| Thanks all for comments and whatnot during my break . Hope you all had good holidays as well ! 
does not have a phone charger , and therefore , does not have a phone . Get me on here . 
phone charger found , phone functional again . 
is going to Turkey ! 
|| IUP Fail #27 : It's cheaper to buy a new rug than to wash the one you already own . 
is so over this job , this school , this place . 
IUP Fail #31 : Getting a ticket in your own parking space 
wants to know if graphs , pictures , etc . are ok to include in the anthro paper ? 
is questioning the wisdom in choosing a topic for her paper that encompasses the dissertations of , idk , 50 million people . It's fascinating , but SO FREAKING MUCH 
I'm going back to the start . 
