Facebook is new to me . Very new . 

Trying to catch up with some old friends . 
Cooking . 
American Chinese Food is delicious . Such a shame it's not good for me . Going to have to stop eating that soon . 
Thinking of experimenting with neck length hair . To do or not to do , that is the question . 
Watchin ' the master , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , in Fist of Fury , aka The Chinese Connection . Awesome . 
Just thinkin ' about stuff . Too much thinkin ' . 
Gonna head out and run in an hour . There's no sense in me just staying here and not doing anything . 
It's all about the mon-ay , unfortunately . This world revolves around the green stuff . Can't say I'm surprised , but it's becoming increasingly annoying . 
I don't like it when people I know are sad . I feel helpless . Cliche words can only do so much ... 
Watching WWE RAW right now . Slow show so far ... 
I can't believe my cousin is going to be a mother so soon . It\ 
feels like only yesterday she was that little kid who always hit me \ 
when I too was a little tyke . :D My how times have changed and how \ 
people grow . That's life . 
Gonna head over to my father's in a bit . Man's been on this Earth for what will be seven decades in a few days and he's still workin ' like a fiend . Ace . 
Giving away any and all of my Digimon/Pokemon/Marvel/Yu-Gi-Oh cards . They are relics of a childhood long gone , and so I have no use for ' em . Anyone know of somebody who would like ' em ? I'd rather give them away than throw them in the garbage since I know somebody somewhere would have some use for them . If I tried to sell my cards , I'd never be rid of them . So , anyone know anybody ? 
Ah , boredom . It always seems to seep in , unexpectedly , but there's always something to do . Whether you discover that something or not , is entirely up to you . 
Foolish mouse . Keeps double clicking when I single click . 
Damn . Five hours out at night on Orange Ave . on a bike trek . Must be crazy . Although , Subway was pretty good . 
Looking forward to new days ahead . 
Why are my Likes suddenly coming up with status messages ? Damn you , Myspace influences ! 
Needs to top up his celly 
Ah . Aykin Bacon . Achin for Bacon . What's Shakin ' , Aykin . < PROPMALE > Aykin . And my personal fav - Abu . Good ol ' nicknames . :) 
Trekking through rain is not fun , although it is kinda cool in a way . There's a certain badassery in having the water hit your face while you ride . That ends when you go through a big puddle , though . 
Enter The Dragon 
Looking forward to better days ... 
\Keep your mind on the things you want and off those you don't . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ; Wisdom For The Way " 
Do women really like nice guys ? I'm having difficulty believing in such a platitude . 
Blah . I've seen better days . 
Farewell , 360 . You've failed me for the last time . 
Relearning how to draw . Oh boy ... 
