Yeah I'm on Facebook !!! 

Oh the wonders of little sleep .... why am I awake ! 
Suppose to be 67 degrees on Thursday and then a whopping 70 degrees on Monday ..... Yeah Yeah Yeah 
My cats are driving me nuts ! Running all around the house knocking over stuff ... must be the weather ... lol 
Just bought my first Groupon ! Why was I so nervous to do it ... have no idea ! 
Making gluten-free/yeast-free biscuits ... sure hope they taste good ! We'll see .... 
“If you judge people you have no time to love them . ”\ 
from Real Simple Daily Thought\ 
? Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
“Anyone can hide . Facing up to things , working through them , that’s what makes you strong . ”\ 
? < PROPFEMALE > Dessen 
“Be yourself . Who else is better qualified ? ”\ 
? < PROPFIRST > J . Giblin II 
Since it's suppose to be 67 degrees out today ... I turned off the heat .... feels good to save some money ! 
Hit 72 degrees today ! Was such a wonderful to be out in service ! 
“No one has ever become poor by giving . ”\ 
? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Make the best of what you've been given ? 
Grrrr .... have to go pick up Sivi and SOOOOO don't want to ... been such a long day for me and all I want is my bed ! This is why I don't usually take the car ... lol ! 
So who's pioneering in April ? 
Misses her family ! I want my baby brothers and niece and nephew cuddling with me .... and would love to go thrift and antique shopping with her sis ! 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ??? Its Special Education week , and this is in HONOR of all the children who need a little extra help , < PROPFEMALE > & understanding 
I'm going to Minn-e-sota .. tee he he ! Sometime in April for over a week ... not for great reasons , but I get to see my family and my parents want to pay my way ... yeah yeah yeah ! 
Snow snow go away ... don't come back another day !!! 
So we bought a mirror that magnifies 10x ... warning ... if you ever get one , prepare to hate yourself ! lol jk ( man you see everything ) 
Just bought my first Urban Decay product ! So excited ... it's only eye liner , but still it's my first designer make-up and that's all that counts ! A friend gave the eye primer potion and I loved that , so I'm sure I'll love this too ! 
Making spring rolls for service tomorrow ... waiting for Sivi to come home so we can start ... tick tock ... jk 
It's sleeting ... gross ! 
I love this week's Watchtower study ... It's perfect timing ! I appreciate it so much when Jehovah knows just what we need to hear at just the perfect time ! 
I love having staring contests with my cats .... I always win ... tee he he 
Insomnia ... go away , your not wanted here !!! Ugh .... 
Next time you see a child ' misbehaving ' or hear a child screaming , please stop and think , ' could that child have special needs or sensory issues ? ' . Please spare a thought for the child who struggles to stay calm and regulated and for the parents who are constantly stared at , judged and criticized . * Make this your status in Support of families living with autism and special needs . * 
Anyone know a good sulfate free shampoo and conditioner ? My hair is getting really dry and frizzy as I get older and I know the shampoos I'm using is adding to it . 
So the tickets are bought !!! I'm leaving April 16th at 12:15 pm ( est ) & get to Minneapolis 1:20 pm ( ct) ! Then back home again on 30th at 1:26 pm ... So funny how it takes me 16 hours to drive and more for the bus , but takes only a couple hours flying ... LOVE IT ! 
Oooo ... I thought Groupon was good ... now I found Heartsy ! It's just for hand-made stuff ... excited I am ... he he 
Made spaghetti squash for the first time time tonight ... its really good ! I feel like im actually eating noodles ... lol ... so cool ! 
Had a better day than I thought I would ! Thank goodness ! 
Of course it stops raining when I'm done with service ... : S 
I love today's Biggest Loser ! 
So < PROPMALE > of rain and snow in Minneapolis on Saturday .... the day I fly in ... why oh why ?!? 
Husband and Wife Week ? ? If your spouse is your best friend ? works hard ? has been with you through thick and thin ? who loves you when you're at your worst ? and to whom you are PROUD to be married ? copy and paste this with the year you were married .... Happily married since 2004 
Awwww ... I'm so frustrated right now !!! For some reason I cannot add music to my micro sd card . I tried on both my computers and it won't work . It use to work , but not today !!! I wanted to Watchtower/Awakes and Yearbook on my phone for the trip ! Will have to whip out the MP3 player ... just didn't want to have to bring something extra on the trip , I mean that's why there is an MP3 player on my phone right !!! 
I hear the Ice Cream Man !!! Man now I want me some ice cream ... tee he he 
I will be in MN in 14 hours !!! Yeah Me ! 
UGGGG .... my flight is delayed a hour .... : ( 
Love being with my family ! My brothers playing around me with awesome smelling food coming from the kitchen ..... feels like home still ! 
66 in St. < PROPFIRST > and 65 in the Laotian Cong , < PROPMALE > , OH for the memorial !!! 
Mom's surgery tomorrow at 12:30 . We know she will be fine , but all of us have nerves about it any way . Normal I guess to feel that way . 
My sis will be here in 5 minutes ... excited to see her !!! I love my family ! 
Mom did great ! I knew she would ... my mom is so tough ! 
Just finally found out about what happened to our dear brother and sisters in Bulgaria and watched the videos ... Breaks my heart ... now I can't sleep .... All we can do is ask Jehovah to give them holy spirit to endure all the persecution and we know he will ! 
If you were raised to say please & thank you , to obey & have respect for your elders , lend a helping hand to those who were in need , hold the door for the person behind you , say excuse me when it was needed , and to love people for who they are , not for what you can get from them ......... repost this . \ 
thank you mom and dad for raising me right 
