summer is like finding your favorite jelly belly in a bag of mostly not-so-good other jelly bellies . 

likes long walks on the beach . What is wrong with this picture ? 
The Rowe brothers will have their retribution . Oh yes , we most certainly will .... You know who you are ! 
finally has his car back from the shop .... 3 weeks after it started getting fixed . 
hates losing stuff . so annoying ! 
doesn't want to sleep in anymore ...... my summer is wasted on sleep ): 
is eating a cookie 
is eating butterscotch and chocolate pudding simultaneously . mmmmmmm 
You want somethin'- Go get it . Period . 
is done signing up for fall classes ! It's going to be a great first semester ! 
just made 51 bucks from the giant red cup of change collection that has been in the business of collecting change for two whole change collection filled years which is a change from not collecting change in the previous non-change-collecting years . 
thmells like thunscreen eating thteak about to play thoccer . YETH !!! 
just got enrolled in all of the once-waitlisted classes I had . Praise God ! ohhh sweet relief ! 
< PROPFIRST > jenkeens . youtube . YES ! 
has one last sunday service at Canyon Hills . 
needs to put on his emcee benlee thinking cap for the next five hours ... then it'll be time for the wonders of super hero rap to be unleashed . 
is leaving for chicago . soon . by the time you read this , i may already be on my way there ... or I may actually be there . For some , by the time you read this , I will be on my way home .... or I may actually be home . 
is in chicago . right now . 
just met the definition of commitment : a woman who has been married for 68 years ... and counting . 
Two things happened today . My cousin got married , and the one week countdown to kawlige began . 
i just saw air force one and ran A MILE in an airport ... both of which i didn't think would/could ever happen . 
is home 
has one last day in bakersfield . 
if you ever want an overdose of nostalgia , packing for college is your solution . 
farewell bakersfield . 
homemade chocolate chip cookies are a gift from God . ooooooooo ! soooooo good . mmmm delectable ! 
first classes in the ice berk today . fo shizzle ! 
everyone check out < PROPFIRST > in my first ever video of our friendship ! hahahahahahaha !!!!! 
but how we need to realize we are headed toward eternity , and that is not a thousand < PROPMALE > away from now , it is next minute . Jesus lived like that . 
Jesus . Its got to be more like falling in love than something to believe in . Its got to be more like losing my heart than giving my allegiance . - < PROPFIRST > Gray 
college = digestive problems . Bodies can only take so much organic food and clean water . 
will be in Bako for 4 hours today . Then off to Hume Lakey poo . I can't wait for my dog to lick my face . I don't care where that tongue has been . < PROPMALE > is pwecious . 
Wrote a paper today , realized I knew diddley squat about analysis . Thank you UC Berkeley english department . 
15 mint milano cookies in 30 minutes . nearly enough saturated fat to run on for 4 days . mmmmmmmmm ! so good ..... yet so bad ! ... eating an apple to negate the effects 
I have now consumed enough mint milano cookies to not need saturated fat for the next 6 days . 
FOUR HOURS ON A THESIS STATEMENT . My goodness . Perfection is delicate , picky , and TIME CONSUMING .... and the thesis is still only mediocre . In terms of difficulty : five < PROPFEMALE > essay < thesis for the five < PROPFEMALE > essay . 
Teacher walk out day is shaweeeeeet ! 
just bought his first stock . Hopefully the beginning of a long , successful adventure in the world of investing . 
Midterms : check . Listening to < PROPFIRST > Mraz warm up for a concert tonight from my dorm : check . Going to UCLA and Cal Poly to dominate their club soccer teams : soon to be check . Life is good . PTL ! 
Don't take a shower for three days , exercise and get all sweaty- twice , sleep on a dorm room floor- twice , ride in a car for 6 hours- twice , and then finally take a shower and feel clean . Ohhhh so nice . I appreciate showers . 
Christmas music is good all year round . Tis ' the season all de time . 
I hope there is haagen-dazs cookie dough ice cream in heaven . 
Last night I ate squid , which I will now avoid ever eating again , and baby octopus , which I am probably going to avoid ever eating again ... by far the most exotic things I have ever eaten . Just give me some chicken ! 
hunger is the best seasoning 
12 Thanksgiving entrees are eating right outside my dorm . Gobble Gobble Gobble ! 
Protests ! Pepper Spray ! Fire Alarms ! Riot Police ! Building Takeover ! Yeah Baby ! AHHHHH !!!!! 
Anyone can give away something expensive , but only those who understand sacrifice can give away something valuable 
I shall arrive Baker's urbanized field when the all the clock's hands point North . 
Bakersfield is such a nice town . Wow . Home seems like heaven right now . 
Too mor weecs ! eye hohpe i dew guhd graydz on myne fynulz . 
< PROPFEMALE > can persuade a < PROPMALE > , and soft speech can break bones . 
Today is a GREAT DAY . Saying adios to stats with 46 bars of fine chocolates in hand ... check . YAYUH 
I'm glad its not - 128.6 degrees Fahrenheit in Berkeley right now like it was in Antarctica in 1983 . 
one month of ..... FREEEEEEEEEEEEDOM !!!!!! 
Last week of the decade coming up ! Going on my last trip of the decade . My last christmas < PROPFEMALE > of the decade . Last moments in Bakersfield of the decade . Here is my last status update of the decade ! YEAAAAAH BABY !! 
why do girls put cucumbers on their eyeballs and green gunk on their face ? I actually want to know what that stuff does . 
thank you all for zee birthday comments ! Love , < PROPMALE > 
Encouragement costs nothing , but is always worth something . It is therefore infinitely valuable . 
today is a perfect day for a bike ride , but I have no bike ): 
is in Massachusetts !!! 
couple hundred houses knocked on , few hundred phone calls made- all in a days work campaigning for Mr. Brown in good ol ' Massachusetts ! 
Back in Berkeley . This semester is going to ROCK . 
three day weekend .... every weekend ! 
I'm walking through campus on this beautiful Sunday , fresh breeze blowing , a few clouds in the sky , huge trees everywhere and what's this ? A bagpiper playing his heart out ! Couldn't ask for a more perfect walk . Thank you God ! 
Finally . 21 Units . Let's DO this . 
to go home for the weekend , or not to go home .... that is the question . 
Me : Will you be my < PROPFIRST > ? Homework : you know it ! Me : gee , thanks ! 
When I feel unmotivated , I realize God has blessed me with talent and opportunity that is meant to be USED . Time to fight complacency and apathy with good stewardship . 
When it rains in Berkeley , it pours . 
So , I took a midterm in my human rights class today and protesters endearingly shout/chant their way into the room protesting the midterm . hahaha ironic ? Where else does this happen ? Yup , love the good ol ' UCB baby . 
Miss no single opportunity of making some small sacrifice , here by a smiling look , there by a kindly word ; always doing the smallest right and doing it all for love . 
love . just go love . 
By endurance , we conquer . 
Listening to 6 nutrisci lectures at 2.3 x speed .... sweetest invention I've come across in a while . 
I got to talk to a drunk guy on the train last night for 3 hours and share a bunch of crazy bible stories with him . I realized I don't always have to speak to show someone the love of God . This guy just wanted someone to talk to . \Jesus is the drunkard to listen to him\ " -Mother < PROPFEMALE > ( I read this 15 minutes after he left ... so cool ) " 
t-minus 3 hours until I am falling through the air thousands of feet above earth . 
SKYDIVING WAS SIIIIIIIIIIICCCCKKKKK !!!!!! 
Spring Break is never long enough . Adios Bako . 
LORD !!! give me motivation ! 
oh , yeah ! I just remembered : Jesus loves Berkeley !!!! 
Me vs . Midterm Monday . Time to die midterms . I will dominate you . 
Cookie Dooooooouuuuuuuuuggggghhhhhhhh !!!!! 
And I will tryyyyyyyy to fix youuuuuuu duh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh neeeeeeeeehuh duh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh neeeeeeeeehuh 
Just watched the entire season of glee . 
The day in numbers : 3-1 : win against < PROPMALE > 4 : hours in emergency room 14 : total stitches in my face 2 : in-n-out burgers to make by belly happy 
Either life is always and in all circumstances sacred , or intrinsically of no account ; it is inconceivable that it should be in some cases the one , and in some the other 
is eating on a $3 budget today . 
Dear Facebook , I resolve not to log on to you until May 23 starting at midnight tonight . If you need to contact me , use the cell baby ! 
Aloha home doggies . I'm back on facebook ( for better or worse ) . It's been one month , and I feel ALLLLLIIIIIIVVVVEEEE !!!! 
I see the long quiet walk along the Underground Railroad- I see the slave awakening to the value of her soul . I see the young missionary and the angry spear- I see his family returning with no trace of fear . I see the long hard shadows of Calcutta nights- I see the sister standing by the dying man's side . I see the young girl huddled on the brothel floor- I see the man with a passion come and kicking down the door . 
< PROPMALE > , be quick to listen , slow to speak , and slow to get angry . 
Me strengths according to strengthsfinder : Achiever , Competition , Positivity , Strategic , Woo . ... Yup , woo , baby . woo is the best . I'll strategically Win Others Over to the positive side of life , and I'll do it better than anyone else . This will be mission accomplished . 
Where are the people who act without restraint on what they believe ? That is where I want to be . That is who I want to be . 
\What a stupid world this would be if one never did anything different for fear of criticism\ " - < PROPFIRST > Laubach " 
just bought three pieces of original < PROPMALE > , a brand new thermos , a sweet clock , and a one and a half foot tall flower candle for 5 bucks . mmhmm ... I know what you are thinking .... SHHAAAWEEEEEET DEAL ! if only I got the tv for a dollar more .... 
well , this semester's classes determine how quickly I graduate . to graduate in 3 years or not to graduate in 3 years ... that , my friends , is the great dilemma . Let's flippin ' DO THIS THING . 
just got a flip camera ! yeeeaaaaahhhh baby ! 
Tomorrow .... Last Day of Work at Compassion . It's been a good one baby ! But the best is STILL .... yet to come . 
Interns , Colorado Springs , Nicaragua , I will miss you . 
In the midst of my confusion , pride , and uncertainty , His still , small voice whispers the truth . I can hear a thousand other voices but the one I need to hear . God give me direction . 
Anyone have a tent I could borrow this weekend ? 
What is the best website for blogging ? To start a blog or not start a blog .... that is the question . 
caaaaamping with Jean-Luc baby ! Boomshakalaka 
Acne : God's tool to humble you . 
Well Berkeley , it's time I return to thee . Summer , I bid thee farewell . Thou hast been good to me and though I shall miss the glorious times , I fix my sight upon the journey set before me and ready my mind and my heart for the fall ahead . 
First week of school in numbers\ 
1 fire alarm\ 
1 class cancelled\ 
2 classes attended\ 
3 days since moving in\ 
230940984 dollars spent on books 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Jones for the concert . Thank you foothill dorm room for making it free . 
Clothe yourselves with love , which binds us all together in perfect < PROPFEMALE > . -Colossians 3:14 
Let's continue THE CALL for California . Live for prayer . Live for love . Live for Jesus ! 
Our greatest < PROPFEMALE > lies not in never falling , but in rising every time we fall . 
Going to see < PROPMALE > Sims today before he leaves to Thailand . YEAH BABY ! 
monoisnofun 
Could we with ink the ocean fill , and were the skies of parchment made , Were every stalk on earth a quill , and every man a scribe by trade ; To write the love of God above would drain the ocean dry ; Nor could the scroll contain the whole , though stretched from sky to sky . 
How deep the Father's love for us , how vast beyond all measure , that He should give His only Son to make a wretch His treasure . 
success : it is not the position you stand , but the direction in which you look . 
needtobreathe is playing right outside me dorm ! FREE CONCERT BABY ! YEAEAHAEHAEHAEHEAHAE ! 
finding joy and peace in trying to be a good steward of the opportunities and talents God has given me . I'm redeeming my time . 
Anyone know of any good international internships ? 
I've come to the conclusion that I'll only be satisfied when I'm living for a purpose grander in scale and bigger in scope than just my own fulfillment . I have a need ( is it a strange one ? ) to fulfill a dream that echoes beyond the sound of my own voice . 
tattoo , mustache , or huge beard ? That is the question ... The question is also the answer to the reason I am having trouble studying for my midterm tomorrow . Lord , help me . 
Trying to wrap my head around the idea that the greatest love is displayed when someone sacrifices their life for someone else . 
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN :\ 
\ 
This is to confirm that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Rowe , as a registered student in good standing in the University of California , plans to participate inthe University of California's Education Abroad Program in Ghana at the University of Ghana for the 2011 Spring program . 
FINALLY , the 7th of 7 shots to go to Ghana is COMPLETE . I kind of want to get some more lifetime immunization shots just because lifetime immunity from some random deadly infectious diseases sounds like a pretty good deal . One shot : safe for life . 
Anyone NOT going to the CAL vs < PROPMALE > FOOTBALL game who needs to get rid of a ticket .... I will buy it from you ! Let me know ! 
Oh how I love Christmas music . 
i love < PROPMALE > Weaver alot ! 
Anyone can talk a good game but never change anything . Few walk as well as they talk . Lord , make me a man of action ! 
Dear God , thank you for making the Bay beautiful when the rain clears . You are a master artist . 
Here is truth : Love is patient ; love is kind ; love is not envious or boastful or arrogant or rude . It does not insist on its own way ; it is not irritable or resentful ; it does not rejoice in wrongdoing , but rejoices in the truth . It bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things . \ 
\ 
I am utterly , and to the fullest extent , captivated by love . 
My heart is smiling . 
Thank you all for the happy birthdays . It is a happy one indeed ! I am so thankful , and so blessed to know you all . Fo real . 
Goodbye < PROPFEMALE > . Tis a bittersweet departure , but i shall return . Love all you peeps , and please be praying for me ! 
Learning how to take otherwise pretty rough situations and shed some positive light on it to see the best in people , places , and AFRICA . Day by day , finding things to be thankful for starves those downer attitudes that could make life simply miserable . 
Who wants a postcard from Ghana ?!?!?! Message me your address , and I'll send one to you straight from my heart to yours . 
Will be receiving his first taylor-made Ghanaian shirt today . Get ready world ... for a whole new < PROPMALE > . 
Love is patient . 
Malarial symptoms can say goodbye . Let's just say I believe in the power of prayer more this morning than I did last night . 
Downloading windows on my computer . It feels like my birthday and I'm about to open a present I've wanted for a long time . 
far more questions than answers .... it's time to pray . 
Math lesson for the day : 1 Humid night = 1 sweaty < PROPMALE > . 1 frozen fan choco = - 1 Humid night . Thus 1 sweaty < PROPMALE > + 1 frozen fan choco = everything is ok . 
