I feel a bit like a burnt Marshmallow . ugh . 

VACATION IN 9 DAYS ! 
I just dropped 100.00 on stairs for her aging Doccie Doodle doesn’t have to strain to get onto the furniture . My baby is getting old . :^{ 
I got my chl in the mail today . YAY ! 
Lucky Rabbit is doubtful she's going to get the job she just applied for . 
I feel like poop on a stick . I'm not ahppy I had to tuck my tail between my leggs and go home early . 
is donating my status to < PROPFEMALE > http://www.aspca.org/lola , a dog at the ASPCA who needs a new home . 
is home sick 
i need a nap 
Happy Happy X mas people ! 
life is crazy and im bloody tired 
just got home for walking for relay for life in the pear < PROPFEMALE > parade . ugh . so tired . 
has an interview to do some face to face sales for a change on Wednesday . could i be getting out of the call center ??? maybe . 
SO i left centurylink as of yesterday . waiting for my employee nmbr to start my fancy new job at the gym . woot . 
is CPR and AED certified now . go me . 
' s legs are sore from dancing . I've been needing to go work out . However , Im gonna consider this a work out . 
is getting thrown to the wolves . \close out\ " is the busiest Oz day . They need all hands on deck . I have hands . fairly untrained hands . Should be chaotic . Good thing I don't have a red hoodie ..... SO ... fake it till ya make it . woot woot " 
No more Parrot . They picked hime up today . 
ugh . work stress . gotta love it . 
... saturday night workouts . Gonna be sore tomorrow but I'm gonna sleep great tonight . 
busy day ahead . woof 
is < PROPFEMALE > over dating . Dying alone is not only beginning to look better and better but also like more of a possibility every day . 
is feeling pretty happy . 
is a strong believer that a solid night sleep is a damn near cure all ... coffee picks up the rest of the slack . 
almost done cleaning . i've only been working on it for 3 hours . ugh ;^p 
just keep swimming , just keep swimming . What do we do ? we swim swim . la la la 
I'd like to voice my appreciation for Caffeine . Caffeine , my very good friend , without you I would be so much less productive . My life runs so much smoother with you in it than if you were not I'm certain . You are always there for me to keep my eyes open , my neurons shooting and my mood lifted . Caffeine , I appreciate you and everything you do . I just wanted you to know . 
bought a bike today .... yep . 
I want chocolate . real bad ... but I'm home and not leaving . oh well . 
thinks skype is super awesome ! 
has a amazing 98 honda as a loaner car while my toyota is made all pretty again . 
my back tire flatted out . now that it is off i can see i drove over a screw . so now i get to drive on a donut . oh joy 
today was my last day at OZ . Onward ! 
I will eat your soul 
I need a freaking job ! ugh .... stupie 
yay summer rain and the fourth season of < PROPMALE > . oh yeah .. and cuddles ! ;^p 
is officially on the government teat , so is slightly less stressed , however bored as hell . Now to go buy laundry soap and really ripe banana\s to make banana bread . Woot ! " 
have a interview @ 2 . Happy thoughts ! 
Nerf gun fights in the apartment on a Friday night with my < PROPMALE > butt . Pretty much awesome . 
i pleased that things are taking a turn for the better . I'll be starting my new job very soon and < PROPMALE > just got a job at Century Link . YAY ! 
is dying . so sick . 
is all moved except for the washer/dryer which < PROPMALE > ( being the amazing boyfriend that he is)will get to some time this next week . * joy * thank gawd-ess 
is happy to have most the holiday shopping out of the way . 
is feeling sickish and tired , but can't sleep .... soooo .... MORE MEDDIES ! Then sleepy . 
I'm sooo excited . 
