Just saw fast five and it was good 

I got 8 hours to freedom 
First day man i . feel . nervous 
Yeeeeaaaah my mom made cookies . :) 
Just saying carwash/bakesale at mcdonald spread the word 
MANNY PACQUIAO WONN !!!!!!! 
I made the girl with the yellow . Eyes smile .... to day was a good day 
< PROPFIRST > Rodriguez wuz here :D 
Just prayin to a god i don't belive in 
The < PROPFEMALE > looks beautiful tonight ... wish i had someone to watch it with me tho 
Believe ... the word that woke me up at 4 this mornin in my dark . room 
Cougars love me . Found that out today in 5th periode 
It took god 7days to make the world but it only took me 7seconds to shatter mine \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Ignore that last one my brother got a hold if my phone sigh fml 
The graveyard looks pretty today 
God will take you through hell just to get you to heaven 
I know now that i messed up . but i swear im gonna do whatever it takes to fix this situation .... god help me . 
God if you listening i hate ties and bow tied just sayin but im happy we finally finished high-school 
Lol this what i get for fighting im sore as shit lol 
Man i wanna say im sorry for given them teacher's hell grown up . i now understand its turf to watch and but load of kids all day 
Im on the pursuit of happiness and i know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold . \ 
-kid cudi 
< PROPMALE > like man was never perfected only abandoned \ 
- < PROPMALE > divinchi 
Got my first interview today hope it goes well 
I just inherited my dad's wallet ... i now know why i like chains : * 
What the world needs now is love sweet love . No not just for some but for everyone . \ 
- < PROPMALE > bacharach 
Oh well the lord givith the lord taketh away 
Yes i got the second ibterview !!! 
Damn looks like everyone had fun at the party wish i could've been there 
About that time im goin fishing ... 
Let love and faithfulness never leave you ; bind them around your neck , write them on the tablet of your heart -Proverbs 3:3 
for the first time in a long time i feel good about myself . 
But I tell you who hear me : Love your enemies , do good to those who hate you , bless those who curse you , pray for those who mistreat you - < PROPMALE > 6:27 -28 
Just look for girl with the broken smile . and she will be loved 
I swear the only thing that helps me sleep at night is the fact that im tryin to help people 
Know that you are nit alone . He will always be with you 
If love is a labor ill slave till the end ... \ 
-rise against 
Tryin to do right by you got me here but all i am is alone ... nothin i do is ever good enough 
everyday im shufflin 
I got paid for an A.R.K today it was pretty cool 
Damn my chest feels like its on fire 
But love your enemies , do good to them , and lend to them without expecting to get anything back . Then your reward will be great - < PROPMALE > 6:35 a 
sigh humanity disapoints me again why would you choose tge sex of you'd child smh ... ' , : ^' 
dammnnnn i vowe to eat the 190 pound burger 
Oh Death , where is your sting ? O Hades , where is your victory ? -1Corinthians 15:55 
one job down one job to go 
its not fair when you say i didn't try . i just don't care about you anymore ... three days grace 
tell me what is a hart ? \ 
if i tore a whole in your chest would it be there ? \ 
if i cracked open your skull would it fall out ? 
i worked so much i stoped sweating 
the lord will provide 
any one no we're i can get color contacts 
the law of equivalent exchange : mankind cannot gain anything without first sacrafising something of equal value . 
damn night sweats are back ... 
the rain feels good on my skin ... thank you god 
is thinking about what happened today and is grateful to alive and healthy 
pizza +ice cold coke = 1happy fat kid name < PROPMALE > 
yeah texans won 
has a lot of growing still left to do 
said the last good bye to a old friend of mine and wished him luck ... damn 14 year's fly by 
did jesus just call me a wetback ? 
I had front row seats to the light show it was awesome until I got rained on 
Your my prescription my addiction my antidote . You kill the poison and ease my suffering . - skillet 
Finally learned something in biology in class today ... And had an epic fail in English I wrote my paper backwards 
So today I learned my history teacher believes in aliens because almost all Indian tribes around the world had bows and arrows ... I really hope no one gets probed . O.o 
Come to me all those who are weary and heavy laden and I shall give you rest - jesus ( < PROPFIRST > 11:28 ) 
Just want to thank everyone for the happy birthday wishes I really aprechate it 
cant stop thinking about yellow eyes and how i really want a set 
Man i hate working with other members of the organization they always get in my way 
This one for you and me livin out our dreams . Were right were we should be . 
just walkin out the er ... glad it was nothin series 
Really hate being a shy person I actually started shaking today when I gave a speech in front of my class ... :/ 
I'm gonna be positive from now on :) 
honestly today was a good day i got my confidence back and now im just watching the sun set :) 
I think my new sword might be a real one :) I might of stumbled across something good ... O.o 
Who has two thumbs and made breakfast tacos ... This guy :) 
every time i think about her my heart races 
i don't care what anyone says today was a great day ! 
Mom : < PROPFIRST > what did you eat\ 
Me : fried chicken , rice , and watermelon\ 
Mo : ok give me a hug(hug in progress ) ... blacky\ 
Lol gotta love my family lol 
