Lots of family in and out of town this year . 

is missing loud music . Already . 
enjoyed six flags . 
Should I post random song lyrics too , or is it just for cool people ? I guess I missed the wave . 
So , yeah , waxed paper is the key to a layer cake . Grease and flour apparently don't do it for me . 
is doing laundry in preparation for Cherokee ... or I could just pack a really small bag ... 
saw huge < PROPFIRST > of friendly faces at Rock the River yesterday . 
The Mehlville-Oakville Cross Country Duel Meet is this Saturday ( 8-29-09 ) at JB . 9:00 am , but it's Coach Pearce . 
medaled yesterday ! I never thought I would . 
hates Sioux Passage with an unquenchable , fiery , intense hatred that probably will be diminished as I get more sleep . ( but not the disc golfing part , that looked fun ) 
enjoyed acappelloosa ( I think I spelled that right . ) 
is sad to be sick . 
The doctor said suck it up . 
probably should have gone to the dance , too ... oh well . 
never should have gotten sick . Recovery is too painful . 
I almost feel guilty about not studying for anything , until I realize that half the time I'm one of about three people that pay attention . I''ll give the rest of the world the easy way out and say that Sesame Street jacked up their attention spans ... ... ... I sound like a jerk . Oh well , story of my life . 
really needs to tie himself down to the piano for greater amounts of time . 
Thanksgiving dinner was definately one of the better ones I've had ... turkey AND ham ! 
Very much enjoyed the old courthouse/caroling around the school in a knight costume complete with tights . 
Enjoyed Oakville's madrigal dinner . Or madrigal something , anyway , as it was lacking in the dinner department . A good show , though . 
Thanks everyone for the happy birthdays -- and I passed my driving test . 
Going bowling 9:30 tonight at DuBowl lanes . Anyone can come . 
Enjoyed the Super Bowl , and I didn't miss any sleep , < PROPFIRST > ! ( Even though I was tentatively rooting for the Colts . I didn't have any other horses in the race . :) 
is in Chicago . 
had fun on the choir trip , and is now counting down days until the end of May . 
Rats , only two tennis matches left ! 
spent six hours getting a massive sunburn . 
should really spend more time on the piano . 
I would imagine that the Mehlville AP trivia teams are kind of kicking themselves right about now ... 
will be a bass section leader next year . That's kinda cool . 
is very thankful that summer has finally arrived . 
Lakewater enemas can be fun . \ 
Disclaimer : don't even think about taking that literally . 
mowed three lawns today . 
xc tomorrow ! ( I think ... ) 
Was sorry to leave xc early , especially as all I really ended up doing ( for the rest of the morning , anyway ) was throwing up . Really . Sucked . 
Overslept . Darn it . 
I was the one who was dumb enough to drink a half gallon of chocolate milk while running a mile , but I still feel like blaming someone else . < PROPMALE > ? 
is leaving for MSA early in the morning tomorrow . ( Groan . ) Bye everyone , and I'll see you again in a few weeks . 
is having a blast . 
is really beginning to miss ultimate frisbee , and it has only been a week . But I am still having fun otherwise . 
visited The Crossing again today . It is very different from Good Shepherd , but still an awesome church , from what I saw of it . 
is not dead . No need to worry . 
Nice bike . And a goat . 
will get back on Saturday , then will promptly leave again after church on Sunday . 
MSA defies all attempt at description . If you are not yet a rising < PROPMALE > , I advise you to go . If that stage of your life is behind you and you did not experience MSA , I pity you . If you are a veteran ... it's over , but the people remain . Stay in touch ! 
VBS next week . Say \hi\ " to Sailor < PROPFIRST > . ( That's me . ) " 
is sorry for making a huge mess all over the floor at VBS this morning . I've gotten my sea legs now , so it won't happen again . 
If I ever give a PowerPoint on the Hindenberg , the title < PROPFEMALE > will read : \The Hindenberg ... aka ' Ded Zepplin . ' \"" 
is about to get back from Branson . 
worked his first regular day at Zarkies today . 
is making big bucks . 
saw the Sound of Music at the Muny last night . Did I mention that I hate ridiculously exaggerated vibrato ? Well , I do . But the rest was okay . ( Edelweiss , Edelweiss ... ) 
< PROPFIRST > Bosch . Get a facebook . Thank you . 
loves his MSA friends . I had a great time this week . 
mowed multiple lawns on the hottest day of the year . But at least they got done . 
First official day of xc today . It only gets better from here . Oh , and I didn't throw up . I hereby award myself 10 points . 
needs to figure out when to go to bed . 
is rather annoyed at Mehlville's scheduling system for next year . 
Boy , discussions are getting heated ... It makes me miss my MSA friends , who knew how to separate disagreement with a particular belief from a personal attack . 
ripped an inch long splinter out of his palm with the assistance of a plastic knife . 
Loves LT runs . Upon reflection , that's probably because they're the only ones I'm good at . 
Well , the MHS-OHS Dual turned out rather well . At least I made Mehlville's top seven . Varsity , perhaps ?? 
solo singing = fun , but slightly nerve-racking . 
The < PROPMALE > Park Cross Country Festival was amazing , if a < PROPMALE > bit muddy . 16/280 ! 
HBE Picnic was cool . Worked hard . Got money and mad juggling skills ... but also got an awful sunburn . Me = stupid . 
rocking the blue < PROPMALE > bandanna . 
is feeling rather proud of himself for being self-motivated during the hard workout today . Character is who you are when no one else is around to make you run hard and finish strong . 
Edwardsville is now my favorite meet . A PR by 32 seconds tends to do that . 
Sprained my ankle yesterday , which sucks . But coach says I'll be fully back in action by Wednesday , which doesn't . 
Springfield this Saturday . 
attempted to dance at homecoming . Failed miserably , but had fun anyway . 
is now an official NHS member . 
I'm awesome ... for the full story , just ask Spose . 
sub-19 !!! ( I know , I'm pitiful . But I'm still happy . ) 
I been fly for so long , I fell asleep on the plane . 
will ( sadly ) not make the reunion due to xc districts . fml . 
Districts were this morning . I felt like I had an excellent race on a personal level , as I was passing people pretty consistently all the way through , but I would like to congratulate < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > , who qualified to Sectionals as individuals . 
Enjoys freedom , but misses xc already . 
Just watched Mr Smith Goes to Washington for the first time . Reflection : this movie should be required in all schools . It sure beats the crap out of The Crucible ( and Dances With Wolves , too for that matter ) . 
anybody notice that stores < PROPFEMALE > a disturbingly small selection of power metal ? 
laments the ignorance that causes so many people to believe that they hate < PROPFEMALE > . 
I heart food . Thanksgiving = amazing . 
just spent about 2.5 hours in a McDonalds . 
Teaching music , I have found , generally either makes me very happy or very , very annoyed . The latter of which is counterproductive . 
What possesses teachers to assign mind maps ? 
PSAT = 229 . 80 , 70 , 79 . What's the consensus ? 
Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader -- the newest motion picture installment in one of the world's best fantasy series . 
SNOW ! 
I didn't initially want a snow day , but I still find myself disappointed when I don't get one . Sometimes I don't understand myself . 
You hear that , Mr. < PROPMALE > ? That is the sound of inevitability . 
somehow magically got 104/104 on the AP Bio final . This is very strange . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! 
the Easter < PROPFEMALE > brought me a GPS and an electric guitar ! 
Tubing at < PROPMALE > Park ! 
I still have small cuts all over my face from when my sister decided it would be fun to smash a basketball-sized chunk of ice into my nose for no apparent reason . Sometimes it takes all of my willpower not to kill that child ... 
Is getting back to the piano . Thank you Mozart . 
In a bit of shock after the Saints/Seahawks game ... 
Fellow juniors -- getting lots of help Cappex.com . 
Thanks for all of the Happy Birthday wishes , guys . They are appreciated ! 
would like to apologize to < PROPMALE > Pannkuk and < PROPFEMALE > Chopin , as well as anyone else I might have offended with my wall post . It was written in anger , and I apologize for its ( inaccurate ) contents . 
SAT this morning . 
please leave your insights about the nature of truth in the comment section below . 
Ever try reading an atheist book about religion while reading a Christian book about atheism ? It's quite a mind-boggling experience . 
