so i dont have much to say except im doin like im suppose to pretty sure i start college on the 19th so :-P to yall haters that said i wasnt ever gonna change ... keep hatin cuz its like mcdonalds to me IM LOVIN IT !!!! 

i really hate this fuckin weather ... y cant kansas have nice weather for 87% of the year like some other choice locations and y the hell cant christmas be during the summer when people have money and when the weather permits better traveling 
BOOGA BOOGA U EFFIN MOTHER EFFERS !!!!!!!!!!!!! LOL J/K whatsup every1 
YAH BITCH YAH .... YAHYAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy 21St birthday troyboy 
o my geezus today is a boring day 
im red ... shrowded in mad green with traces of white gold , diamonds , and smoke . 
man-kini 
so today sux my bestfriend moved today and itll probably be 6 months or so b4 i getta kickit with him again .... oh well good luck in tenn . < PROPFIRST > boy 
and even though she had a big plump rump i threw her in and let the beat bump threw her in the trunk 
bummer shit dude techs in kc on the 29th and i wanna go damnit 
hands up if you get that dough , if ya fresh < PROPFEMALE > def and see a heavy cash flow , feel like any day you bout < PROPFEMALE > pass go then put up ya middle finga fo them hatin ass hos 
im a BLack baboon bring me bags of bananas , bonified < PROPFIRST > badass with a Brown bandana , been gone on bacardi- bulu but im bout < PROPFEMALE > be big a bit break if u bustin b4 im blowed and beligerant 
GOOD JOB EVERYONE HAITI RELIEF FUND THRU THE RED CROSS HAS RAISED SELL OVER 40 MILLION DOLLARS TO HELP PEOPLE STILL IN NEED 
surfing the web a bit ago i read an article that really makes me wonder if humans are REALLY as smart as we claim to be ... its awful 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST . And the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLDIER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status 
\do what cha do\ " ... fuck doin what cha do start doin what cha aint never done b4 and prove ur different from the rest " 
goodnight all catch ya on the flipside 
loves how in college if you dont wanna take a class at that time you can just drop the course and take it next semester 
GO SAINTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHO DAT !!!!!!!!!!! 
FUCK THIS THAT AND THE OTHER BUT MOST OF ALL .... FUCK MY LIFE !!!!!!!!!! 
THERES THINGS YOU DONT KNOW ABOUT ME < PROPMALE > .... ILL FUCK A LIL KID UP IF HE KICK ME IN THE < PROPMALE > 
I actually do read each one of my posts ... Never doubt that I care for you greatly . I am not only glad to count you as family , but also glad to count you as friend .. I care for all of you !!! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . Lets see who the true friend's are !!! 
OH YAH goin to the tech concert in april out in < PROPFIRST > if anyone needs a ride but im goin VIP BITCHES 
i hate rainy days RAWR 
holla holla general psychology is offically done that should open up some free time 
Haters can fuck off , flee with ya tough talk , this is no mercy thirsty for blood and I bust off , I am the reason they find you stiff with ya nuts off , cut cross and dusted off for yappin’ too much boss , Rules don’t apply to me , < PROPFEMALE > lie to me , so ain’t no way you containing this devil inside of me 
............... EMPTY ................. 
The WORST feeling is being forgotten about by someone you will never forget . ? -_- 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ..... Emporia , Kansas 
lol funniest shit ever .... what does < PROPFIRST > off of twilight do when < PROPFEMALE > has her period ???...... makes tea with her tampons lol 
SOME people have NO appreciation for humor 
had a blast last night at the club got waaayyyyyyyyy to drunk :-) 
somebody bring me a gurney and roll my ass to the hospital 
some1 plz just shoot me in the face 
have you ever just woke up one day and felt worthless ??? not like omg i wanna die worthless , but the realization that your life is going nowhere in a hurry ... 
stuck around the same thing everyday like nothings ever gonna change no matter what you do , and everone you ask for help kinda chuckles and walks away 
the tech n9ne concert in < PROPFIRST > was off the chain cant wait till june when they're in the dub again 
in the words of the late great hungry hungry hippos --- \bitch swallow my marbles \"" 
fixin 2 b homeless .... oh yay . any ideas ? 
( tired of life being like this ) bout to be homeless .. ( dnt knw how that happened but oh well ) ... ready to say fuckit and grab the gauge and do what i shoulda done when my mom died ........................................................................................................ 
so .... im done with the bullshit ... im done trying , i mean seriously , a year and not even a call for an interview ... yah fuck you guys i know what your saying ... he isnt lookin hard enough ... eat glass cocksuckers 
I'm may not be where I need to be in life , but at least I'm not where I used to be ... 
embrace nothing , if you meet the buddah kill the buddah , if you meet your father kill your father , only live your life as it is , not bound to anything 
YAY !!!!!!!!!! TROYS HERE FROM TENNESSEE TIME TO PARTY 
what do you get when you cross raggity < PROPFEMALE > with the pilsbury doughboy ?............ a red headed bitch with a yeast infection !!! 
yup it was a good night ....... drunk drunnkity drunk drunk 
y do midgets laugh when they run ?????......... 
hey everyone if anyone is looking for a good job that not only pays good but gives you a < PROPMALE > to help the earth and the families effected by the BP gulf coast oil spill then check this site out http://www.gulfoilspilljobs.com/apply 
SOOO HAPPY ... FINALLY HEARD BACK FROM RISK MANAGMENT DISASTER SERVICE , INC ..... the people incharge of the gulf cleanup .... i should know where and when within a week or so they said ... im so fuckin pumped 
you think you ball well i palm it , i throw up bars when i vomit , boy i throw down in the kitchen , mite hit your mom with my omlet , but u got egg on < PROPFEMALE > face , now i speed drop it atomic , i should be strapped to the chest of a kamakazi , bitch im as bat shit as ozzy u can tell right off the bat , no pun intend but come any closer ill bite off your head 
YAYYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!!! PARTY IN THE BOONIES .. WELL OUT BY < PROPFEMALE > ANYWAY HOLLLA 
im glad everyone else seems to be having a good 4th .... all in all mine was pretty lame .. to broke to buy fireworks and dont really have anyone to kickit with so ...... its just another day to me 
mmmmmmmmm , hhhaaaaasssssshhhhhhh 
wow ... so through an unexpected turn of events imma be headin out to iowa till the 13th ..... have a nice time without me kansas lol 
IIIIIIIIIIIMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM BBBBBBBAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My < PROPFEMALE > keeps telling me\ 
I better stay in school\ 
But when that ends , Lord knows\ 
I don't know what I'm going to do , \ 
Cause everytime I blink now\ 
Another day rolls by\ 
It's getting harder not to think about\ 
All the things on my mind\ 
Like , I remember this time last year\ 
I was all alone\ 
I felt like I was two feet tall\ 
Now there's a hundred million numbers\ 
Inside of my phone\ 
But I still got no one to call 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwvAJzGQBX4&feature=player_embedded 
i dare , in fact nigga i double dog dare , any nigga dat take it there with this playa here , lets be clear , im a leader not yo peer , valtdictorian of this hustle shit every year , like beer and pretzels i go good , im the hanzel to your gretel , you a lame understood , overstood lame ass nigga from my hood im embarassed by the lack of class , sat in the bak of class and passed with flying colors 
what good are your eyes when your mind is oblivious to the truth of whats going on around you ???? 
2 little pills that can breakdown into fo's guarenteed when mix wit ' liquor you gon'\ 
want sum fuckin mo , we do this everyday , dont act like you aint know , if you from dubk then grab yo bottle drink some mo ' 
so yah today was an interesting day ... woke up , stepped on and broke the screen of my phone getting outta bed .... then when i was using my phone later in the evening a piece of the glass from the broken screen flaked off and mad its way some how into my eye fileting a piece of membrane partially from my eye causing massive irritation and i had to go get both the glass AND the section of membrane removed from my eye 
We addicted but intelligent live the criminal element\ 
Coke is so American show it stops the arrogant hos\ 
Constantly staring at u , ain't no comparing the flow\ 
Make sure you stare in the hole before you answer the door\ 
Be sure you rappin ' in code the folks are tappin ' the phone\ 
My boy < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > put a cap in his dome\ 
That's how it happens back home\ 
I made that tap now he's gone\ 
We all a little paranoid I got the hell on 
i seen her walkin across the street , in slow motion on beat , from her head to her feet , i knew that we had to meet , all i want is ya brain focused and on frame , spittin my usual game , i think i just came , but i didnt im kiddin , i wanted riddin hard , and put away wet get it all over the tv set , aint no dvd yet , dont think i dont care boo , drinkin some coffee frm carabou when im in you 
Hey , Mr. Bartender mix me a drink\ 
I really need something to tell me it's okay not to think , \ 
Because I've been to all these bars\ 
And I've seen all these places . \ 
I've hit on all these girls\ 
I've heard the same conversations . 
I cannot formulate an expression using tangible words from any language that would even begin to express just how much you piss me off . 
mmmm muhhhfuckin ghetto taco salad ... takes me bak to the day ... :-) 
Raised in the middle of the land full of barbaque stands and the brothers throw hands\ 
Every < PROPMALE > gritten gettin grands Kansas city were the pretty women make you say DWAM ! \ 
Kicks it like a donkey cause we famous \ 
Wicked women want me cause I came up \ 
This is were the homies trip and say what\ 
Yo we from the show get my money and we pay up\ 
Got on my Five o Ones and my gritter posture 
ahhh an older cousins jobs are never completed 
You a paper chaser , you got your block on fire\ 
Remainin a G .. until the moment you expire\ 
You know what it is .. to make .. nothin out of somethin\ 
You handle your biz , and don't be cryin and sufferin 
now i aint got nuthin but < PROPMALE > fo u hoes , i aint sick , i wont trip fo u hoes , i aint got nuthin < PROPFEMALE > give < PROPFEMALE > no nigga , deal wit no nigga , chill wit no nigga , imma keep a s < PROPFEMALE > k of that funny smellin < PROPFEMALE > bacca , hea < PROPFEMALE > in my hand , nigga ready to ac < PROPFEMALE > , god-damn fool hate me mutha fucka , bout < PROPFEMALE > loose my cool , lemme smoke sum good , so i can calm my nerves , fry me a duck , get sum head in the burb , 
those who live by the sword get shot by those who live by the gun , those who live by the gun get snitched on by those who live by the pen 
dear sweet holy jesus .... man after a month of not checkin my email ... well , lets just say im glad i have a spam folder cuz otherwize it would take me 25 minutes just to delete this crap 
So after much deliberating I've come to the conclusion that patron is my friend 
97% of teens ( and middle aged women ) would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Cullen from Twilight standing on top of a skyscraper about to jump . If you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating popcorn , screaming , \DO A FLIP YOU SPARKLY BITCH ! \ " then copy and paste this as your status " 
What do u call a short mexican ?.... paragraph cuz he's nt big enough to b an essay 
Oh oh oh oh oh I llllooooooovvvvveee homemade steak fajitas ... mmmm , followed by lemon pie 
this yay , boy he on 1 , he get busy wit his gun , wit the purple and patron , he gon ' take it to tha dome , and he wont quit til its all gone 
father please forgive me for what im bout to doo .. but the pressure lately takin me out my cool .. i try to chill but they keep on speakin my name , so now they bout to get introduced to my pain ... momma please forgive me for what im bout to doo . if the drama start i never ment for it to , now if everybody keep on fuckin with me then on everything i love ill cock back and lettem bleed 
Decisions decisions decisions 
Lost , searchin in the dark for the sanctity of the light , burrowing further into the insanity that is my mind 
So I have nothing going on tonight ....... any ideas 
< PROPFEMALE > Albertsen Vaughan R.I.P gone but nt forgotten 11-1-55 
So it looks to me like some other state it callin me .... but which one ??? 
Ufc prediction : gsp vs kockchek .... gsp's gonna whoop that ass 
Oopsy typo and wasn't finished 
I can hope my ass is made of icecream but that don't make me a hot fudge sundae 
Hell ain't a place u go if u ain't a christian , hells realizin u failed at lifes ambition 
Koo koo kachoo 
\Is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > gonna have < PROPFEMALE > choke a bitch ? \"" 
Fuck xmas !!!!!!! 
Friend #1 : damn bro look at her ! Friend2 : I need to focus . friend1 : maybe she'll fuckus both 
Finally found a j.o.b. I'm super fuckin happy < PROPMALE > 
Best part is its nt workin with humans 
Iguess I really really needa cool out , cuz u . Will < PROPFEMALE > get ontop a dis , so mami best bet is jus to get ontop a dis , have u ever had sex wit a pharoh , 
There's something fulfilling about going to work all day then coming home to relax 
YAY ! I love wakin up at 4am to projectile vomiting 
Looks like tomorrows just another lame ass day ... oh well whoop de fuckin doo 
Thnx for all the well wishes todays been decent reguardless of some punk breakin into my car lastnight ... what a bitch lil nigga didn't even take shit 
I seperated myself frm most homies , cuz some enemies started out close homies 
East marriott . Pool party we kicksin it . Tonight .. anyones welcome to come just lemme know ... if ur 21 ur welcome to bring drinks ... indoor pool heated and a hottub big enough for about 20 ppl I know ill be there and drinking 
I've been being me for a long time , so shut the fuck up , before I tell you how to be you 
Omg heard the funniest comedy skit just now < PROPFIRST > rock niggas vs . Black people off his old cd roll with the new 
Unggh son now maps for cod black ops r off the chain 
Fat Tuesday .... :-) oh what a job this is 
thnk god for sunday 
R . I . P nate dogg 
It is what it is 
Really wants to smoke 
Lookin for a second job 
All u tech fans don't forget to call and take the pledge today @3pm cst 
Yay my license is fixin to get suspended for thirty days cop pulled me over sayin I was doin 45 in a thirty .... wtf I'm not that damn retarded over by north high 
Ooooo big shocker < PROPMALE > speeding lol pppssshhh fuck off piggy 
Omg I hate the dentist office ... needles r NOT my friend 
