???????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????? 

sad 
???????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????? 
wants to see the movie death at a funeral when it comes out 
i dont want to clean and i dont want to go to school tomorrow 
school ....... starts in like 40mins . so freakin gay !!! i hate it . i dont need to learn most the stuff anyway . i could make a good living without it easily . 
school again . sucks ballz . yo if you wanna text me my < PROPFIRST > 502-727-4702 . ill prob see yall at school to so w/e . 
i hate people . 
hmm . skool sux . that is all 
going to school in like 10mins . thank god its early release . 
OMG ! basketball was awesome . i did awesome . but my leg muscles got pulled and started hurtin real bad . hope i dont get cut 
what it do 
bored . bored . and bored 
going to the game tonight . be lots of fun 
pissed off . thats all i can say 
going to school right now . goin to both games tonight . go < PROPFIRST > county ! 
wow . we lost homecomming game . how gay is that ? 
wow kentucky won . that is so gay . kentucky sucks ! 
colts beat the dolphins . dolphins had 2 plays to make a touchdown and their WR let em down . 2 perfect passes in the endzone and they couldnt make it . my brother is so mad 
SUNDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL SOON ! cant wait for the next steelers game 
i hope kentucky loses and that the steelers win . GO STEELERS 
wow . bengals won against steelers and colts beat the panthers . haha . I HATED THE STEELERS GAME 
god i love fall break 
gettin hair trimmed and straightened in like 6 hours lol . i need to go to sleep 
bored . i aint got nuttin to do over fall break . thats gay 
people goin to florida in an airplane . people drivin to hollywood in a convertable . how < PROPMALE > are people in our school . i meen seriously . 
well spring breaks almost over and i just stayed up all night talkin to a friend . cyall monday i guess 
hmmm . feel like talking to her . dont wanna go to school . 
going to school tomorrow . from what i kno it will be one of the best school days ill ever have . 
smokers live and smokers die but in the end we all get high . if in life we dont succeed then fuck this shit and smoke some weed 
i feel really happy right now 
goin to school . hope its fun 
kissing people that taste good is fun 
goin to the movies saturday with my gf . parents are leavin us alone while were eating dinner and at the movies . fun fun fun 
goin to the game tonight . hope < PROPFIRST > county wins 
so freakin cold and happy i just got home . shortly warming up 
goin to movies later with gf . IM 13 ! lol 
had like the best time ever 
i feel like i just got beaten and mauled by someone 
no possible way to hide this from my parents forever . ugh 
bruised and in pain 
ugh . sick with the flu i think . GAY ! 
i just wanna say this . are girls retarded ? i meen seriously . sticking your tounge out in a picture is the most retarded thing ive ever seen someone do ! DUMBASSES 
i wanna go to school . im bored at home being sick . 
going with gf to take her little brother trick or treating in a bit 
is wishin i could go over to her house everyday . 
bored at home listening to music 
i hate some people 
cant wait for school !!! ugh 
wish we could've talked more today 
im goin to bed . got school . hate school . only one good thing about it . 
didnt go to school . my mom is sick so she didnt bother waking me up 
fucking bored as hell at my house . nothing to do !!!! 
bout to go to sleep for school . i have alot of stuff to do in the morning . find somethin clean to wear , take a shower , find somethin to lay my hair down , feed cats and dogs , and then change my school stuff from a big binder to a bag . that will take about 45mins lol 
had alot of fun at the movies . 
more bored than a slave in a slave ship 
feelin like sayin aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaye 
going to the Music Go Round place in louisville saturday to trade in my guitar for money and use that plus 200$ to buy me a newer cooler one . YEA ! 
bout to go to school . god i love fridays !!! 
just got home from gf's house . im bored now 
got 2 days of school this week !!! only thing that sucks is i cant see my baby for 5 days 
ugh . sad 
miss my girl 
its 5am and im bored !!! im goin to sleep before i pass out and fall 
ugh . its friday . 3 days until school again . GAY 
goin to bed . its almost 3am . 
LOUISVILLE COACH GOT FIRED !!!! YES !! 
kinda sad at the moment 
not in a very cheerful mood . 
in a very happy mood 
I MISSED THE BUS !!! lol goin to school so im gettin off 
going to school . ugh 
hurtin 
mad 
came home from school . popped my shoulder . think i might of dislocated it or fractured it . 
goin to sleep . its late 
for every time you ride down the street Or hideout , drive by my house and beep Like now motherfucker , try now to sleep Lie down motherfucker , try countin ' sheep And you're tryna find out , why now there's beef ? Mase in your face bitch , cry now pussy This is my house , all nine thousand feet Part of Eminems song : Elevator Verse 3 
goin to a visiting at a funeral later . my dads uncle died . sad 
might go to funeral tomorrow . if im not at school then thats where im at 
about to go to funeral . ugh 
just got back from school dance . mad 
might go to gf's house later 
home from school . ugh im bored 
i love my gf 
listening to metal music 
singing songs by all that remains 
is listening to metal music 
bored . 
playin guitar and bored 
bored and mad 
pissed off so badly 
still mad but not as mad as i was . maybe ill feel better in the morning 
feelin good 
im happy 
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle ( ILLLL)\ 
Accidentally killll your family stillll\ 
Thinkin he won't ? God-damnit he willll ( HE'SSSS)\ 
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle 
goin to my sisters in like 6 hours to be with the family 
why is it so hot ? 
My dads bitchin at me for not wanting < PROPFEMALE > . Wtf ??? 
its 3am in the mornin , put my key in the door and bodies layin all over the floor and . i dont remember how they got there i guess i must've killed dem , killed dem . 
hm . jershey shore . G.A.Y ! 
finally . we get to have mr. eades again !!!!!!!! so glad 
hate when people screw you over for no damn reason . 
i dont want to go to school !!! 
no school today !!!!! 
Dead visions in your name Dead fingers in my veins Dead memories in my heart < PROPFIRST > Taylor : SlipKnoT song :D ead Memories 
i have a headache and it goes away for 5mins and then comes back . GAY !!!! 
hahahaha . my mom didnt wake up this morning so i missed 1st and 2nd period ! yea !!! 
Uh huh , we unreal Just like a seven dollar < PROPMALE > Voice my opinion regardless on how you feel Freak shit It ain't about being < PROPMALE > It's about juggalos and runnin ' with lunatics As long as y'all rock this we won't quit We do it all for y'all , I mean that shit Everyone of y'all means everything to me We bleed for y'all , that's why we call it the family . we dont diy by twiztid 
tired 
getting fustrated 
sad and idk why 
i hate school . dont want to go today 
tryin out for football . hope i make it 
at my gf's house 
if anyone wants to pay 40$ for a 2 year subscription to ea magazines send me a message . im doing this for a fundraiser 
sad and tired 
bored and hot 
i want to kill someone 
goin to bed . not in a good mood 
my back hurts like a mofo 
this pain you'll never kno , this pain ill never show , this pain will never go , until i walk out the door , but then just comes more , throughout the day i live , and i will never forgive , the one who caused this pain , which caused me to go insane , and then end it with a cut , to my god damn vein . this is just a little rhyme i came up with . it can be for any type of song really . it just came to me 
i hate my parents 
sick :( 
life is amazing 
im mad and theres no school so im bored 
sad and heartbroken 
the first time in my life where i actually think that being dead is better than living 
how come everytime something good happens it gets ruined ? 
in pain from baseball 
in a better mood than i originally was 
in a good mood 
school is not a thing that should exist . ever 
got my phone back ! 
Louisville beat syracuse woo 
bored out of my mind . i wish things were back like they were 
someone give me a gun so i can kill myself and get rid of my pain ............ 
why do things never work out for me ? 
crying . sad . im done being hurt . im tired of all the pain . somebody just kill me . idc anymore . i dont want to live 
bored 
things are starting to actually be ok again 
sore and not in a happy mood 
my ribs hurt like crap 
ugh i hate my life 
not in a good mood 
bored out of my dueche monkey mind ! 
tomorrow will either be awkward or fun 
most exciting day ive ever had in quite awhile 
xbox all weekend and football monday 
eating lunch and playing xbox . im livin the dream 
KENTUCKY LOST !!!! HAHAHAHAHAHA 
never been more mad at one person in my whole life 
depressed 
tired . cant wait for spring break 
i really need a new hobby . i get to mad at this one 
talkin to a new friend 
i got bit where the sun doesnt shine . its bleeding and im in so much pain 
sitting around the house playing xbox 
i guess its finally over . i dont have to be hurt anymore . 
i never want to feel like this again . 
if i knew i was going to be hurt like this i would have never wasted my time . 
in a really good mood 
so bored . have no clue what to do . 
one of the worst but yet greatest mornings ever 
glad to have the one person i enjoy in my life back 
my mom is a jackass . 
tired . 
just took a shower . i feel good 
pissed off . i want to punch a hole in the wall 
not mad about what i was mad about anymore . everything is just ok now . altho i need to fuckin sleep 
not in a very good mood 
feeling better but tired . dont want school tomorrow 
hate mornings 
just got home from my dads county band concert . i got such a head ache 
happy but bored . stupid testing . hate so much work to do 
boobs . 
; alskdfivmwoiafdims;dfob;epmb;ithjaditgomsiobmet'wienergl;nitmnmdl;itn somewhere in there out of nowhere . it says im a wiener . i didnt put it there either . lol 
tired . i dont want to go to school 
pissed off . kid stabbed me in the back litterally . im cut deep and i might have to go to the hospital . hes lucky my friends held me back . 
tired and bored 
why do people act like they care when they really dont ? 
JEWS WITH POWER ! lol me and a friend made fun of a clan on a game called jwp 
why do people do things when they say they wont ? 
worst mood i have ever been in . all because of a joke . 
bout to eat kfc for dinner and then practice on my skateboard 
starting off with a bad day 
i hate my parents . had to get a stupid LG chocolate tough instead of the DROID . stupid verizon and there plan rules on phones . HOMOS !!! 
movies tomorrow hopefully . seein iron man 2 
I got H.U. tatted on the front of my arm , Boulevard , Brass knuckles in the back of the car , Cause we drunk drive Cadillacs- we never go far , And when you see us motherfuckers , better know who we are . I'm already loud maybe , It ? s a little too late , Johny's taking hands up , with all the faggots who hate , Cause I am good motherfucker and there's a price to pay , Yeah , I am a good motherfucker and its judgment day ! 
sittin at home watchin a movie 
on my new phone . woo its awesome 
field trip was boring . still had fun tho . the bus ride was awesome lol 
And I just can’t keep living this way , So starting today , I’m breaking out of this cage\ 
\ 
I’m standing up , Imma face my demons , I’m manning up , Imma hold my ground\ 
I’ve had enough , now I’m so fed up , Time to put my life back together right now 
have my house to myself today . woop . 
sittin at home bored 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Grey . bass player for slipknot OD'd ( overdosed ) on drugs and is now dead . there goes one good bass player and a member from my favorite metal band 
why do people do the hardest things but never do the simplest things . 
had a very fun but interesting day . 
school ends wedensday . glad but not at the same time 
I’m so bad I can bitch slap a back handed compliment , < PROPFIRST > ass eat a donkey < PROPMALE > , the game I just about conquered it like Donkey Kong , I’m bonkers bitch , I’m the < PROPMALE > of this honkey shit , I reign supreme in \ 
this honkey shit , no sense screaming and arguing 
not in a good mood to be messed with 
schools out . great . another boring quick summer probably . 
i kno this might be mean but wouldnt it be funny to see a retarded person fight a blind person ? 
feelin depressed 
i have no clue why im still up right now lol 
cant wait till im older and can move out of this crappy town 
tired . bout to go to bed when i should be up right now 
bout to have < PROPMALE > come over and eat dairy < PROPFEMALE > . 
I LOVE TO DONKEX !!!!!!! 
omg im so fucking tired . didnt sleep and i feel like passing out on the floor 
< PROPFEMALE > might come over later . tired as hell but eh . 
feel like i dont know what to do anymore 
CANT FIND MY FUCKIN PHONE !!! 
listenin to recovery 
im so pissed off . my fuckin phone is broke 
going swimming with < PROPFEMALE > later . cant wait 
yesterday was a very very fun day , sunburnt on my shoulders and face tho . 
well phone broke for good . have to transfer back to my stupid juke until i get new one for birthday , or someone gives me there old one 
leg hurts . sunburn hurts . mad at certain people . not a good day for me 
i really really fucking hate people sometimes . they get on my nerves and then piss me off . can anyone ever act normal ? 
tired of getting treated like shit by people 
why must it be hot outside ? i feel like dying when im out there 
goin to movies with < PROPFEMALE > later 
so bad , i’m so good man i’m so bad , i guarantee i’ll be the greatest thing you ever had , \ 
cause you aint never met nobody like me , and you aint gonna wanna fuck nobody else again 
going to taylors tomorrow 
bout to watch the boondocks and go to taylors tomorrow 
going to taylors in a bit 
just got back from taylors . went swimming twice and played basketball 
still at coltons . going home tomorrow 
pissed off . people really know how to get on my nerves 
why does everything bad always happen to me ? 
i really dont go good with phones 
< PROPMALE > - the puppies are running around on the couch . me- < PROPMALE > its a bed you retard . ( later on ) < PROPMALE > - that one just jumped off the bed . - < PROPMALE > its a couch this time you retard . haha . good memories 
vacation this comming weekend . going to kings island hotel and staying for 3 days to go to a water park and kings island 
wow . just wow . my chocolate touch dried out right when my old phone just broke today . haha . im lucky as hell 
i love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > appleby 
going to fair in a bit 
had fun at the fair . they barerly have any good rides anymore 
Cause some things just don't change , It's better when they stay the same , Althought the whole world knows your name , So on the biggest days they came to see you spit your game , Ooooohhhhhhh , It shouldn't be difficult to explain , Just why you came back again , you hate the fame Love the game , cold as ice you remain Fuck em ' all , tell ' em all eat shit , here we go again 
what do you call one white man with hundereds of black people ? eminem singing at the 2010 bet awards lol 
what the hell is wrong with people . i mean damn 
tired of peoples shit . leave me the fuck out of it 
i just saw the scariest fucking spider ever . i dont kno what the hell it was . it was like a small version of a grand daddy long leg but fully white . i was playin my xbox and the damn thing floated down infront of my face and tv . scared the hell outta me 
tired as hell 
listen to eminems first song infinite from his first album to the last song on the new album . big ass difference 
leaving for vacation in a few hours 
awesome ! im in cincinnati and i saw a black hobo with nothin but a bag of i think kfc and doritos with a toliter of orange sode lol 
well . went to kings island today . rode the diamonback . and i nearly shit my pants when i did . straight drop from 250 feet in the air 
watching eminem perform wont back down on < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
what the fuck is my problem with phones . i dropped mine in the damn toilet 
really unfair that parents make you do shit you dont want to do just cause they dont want to 
miami heats are going to be the best nba team this year . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and lebron < PROPFIRST > will dominate 
fucking phone . all the buttons do different shit . hopefully taking my bros old blackberry 
why do people piss you off and then just piss you off more like 5 mins later 
hate parents 
i want to move out of this damn hell hole already . im tired of stupid bullshit every damn day 
for the first time ever i actually want to go to school . summer is getting really boring 
god damn im tired . but im hungry so wth . ima eat and then sleep for a long time . 
hate my damn brother sometimes 
going to bed . goodnight facebook 
wtf . 
really tired 
back hurts like crazy 
swimming next week hopefully 
\BANG BANG BANG BANG MOTHER FUCKER\ " best tv show quote ever hahaha " 
i should have been in bed by 3 . hope im not in trouble lol 
feel so sorry for my friend < PROPMALE > . 
dont know if this is working anymore . 
dont act like you dont care if you really do 
school schedule . \ 
1st and 2nd language arts\ 
3rd encore\ 
4th science\ 
5th history\ 
6th and 7th math 
ugh . hate people . ruin everything 
bored . id rather be at school than home right now . atleast there i see friends 
______________¶___\ 
| The STFU Truck ||l \\"|\"\" \\__ 
watchin get < PROPMALE > or die tryin . which isnt even a true story about 50 cent which is gay 
ncaa 2011 is the best game ever in hd on xbox 
gonna play ufc 2010 maybe and then go to bed 
is it cool or not cool that my eyes shine blue when theres water in them ? 
hm . 4am . came upstairs to go to bed . cup half full if mountain dew with melted ice sitting perfectly up on the couch . idk if ghosts or a robber . hmmm . interesting . 
haha . 7-0 so far with louisville on ncaa football 11 
hm . bored at home . wanna get my phone transfered already 
hungry as hell 
making food . hungry as hell still 
saw < PROPFIRST > at the funeral for his mom . really sad 
sitting at home with niece and nephew . goin to see toy story 3 woopy ! lol 
little niece- you know , < PROPFIRST > bieber really sounds like a girl . little nephew- yea he sounds just like < PROPFEMALE > montana . hes a girl . hahahaha . funny 
had a very fun day today . going swimming tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > , nephew and niece . in the mean time . good night facebook and fuck myspace ! lol 
woo . won the < PROPFEMALE > bowl with louisville and went 16-0 on my first season . 
movies tomorrow maybe . 
people need to stay out of others business . especially when it doesnt involve them at all . 
always say the wrong thing at the wrong time 
playing xbox and talking to people 
maybe movies later with girlfriend . gonna see grown ups 
who agrees with me that eminem should go on tour across usa ? 
coltons saturday i think and then movies with dad sunday 
louisville shall beat kentucky this year without a doubt . and redskins will dominate the NFL and so will the bengals with T.O and ochocinco 
your a piece of cheese without the corners so in other words you will never be a slice bitch 
bored at home with nothing to do 
on family matters the youngest daughter went to her room to change her clothes on the last episode of season 4 and she never came back down O_o spooky 
tired . going back to bed . birthday party later hopefully . 
leaving for birthday party 
staying at my friends house . fun 
cant wait for disturbeds new album asylum 
i wonder if school will suck this year . i hope not 
might go to a black label society , children of bodom , and clutch concert on the 5th of october for birthday 
cant believe it happened 
i dont understand why it happened . 
getting tired of this shit every day . 
feeling better 
wth ?????? 
feeling better than i was i guess . still really mad about what happened tho 
hopefully going to eminence day . fun i guess ? 
chillin with my oldest nephew 
bored at home . still wondering why it happened like this 
feelin better 
off to target . fun ? 
went to target . drove there which took like 30mins . and we were there for like 10 mins . -.- ate at steak and shake . bout to throw up . GAY . mall tuesday maybe . 
watching cowboys and bengals game 
watching the condemned 
sortve do but dont want to go back to school tomorrow 
why are there so many people that think there cool and really no one likes em ? 
school wedensday . sux . dont really feel like going back . get to see friends again tho i guess . 
going to mall . gotta get bro a birthday gift . and buy me some shorts ! woo ! lol gay ..... 
really dont want to go to bed early today 
i dont think i have ever woke up at 6am before . today is probably going to suck just like every day has these past 2 weeks 
i wonder what would happen if i just saw the bus go by my house and i waved at it lol 
wow . the fucking power is out . great . 
what happened ? 
probably going to bed . tired as hell . 
next weekend needs to come fast . 
tired as hell . gonna lay down . might take a nap or something 
what did I even do ? 
hate stupid people some times 
going to the high school football scrimmage later 
hate certain people . get on my nerves 
so bored at home . think ill take a shower . idk what to do after that . 
people need to learn to stay out of other peoples business and leave there comments out of it . 
bout to celebrate brothers birthday later . 
I'm the man who has the ball . I'm the man who can throw it faster than fuck . So that is why i am better than everyone in the world . Kiss my ass and suck my < PROPMALE > ... everyone . \ 
- < PROPMALE > powers . 
ugh . stupid school 
if one more person fucks with me i swear i will beat the hell outta you . 
home from school . bored . 
fell asleep like 3 times . still tired . going to eat , watch my 2 favorite shows and then go to sleep . 
school is making me more tired every day . 
bout to finish math homework and then go to bed 
And before I put that gun to my < PROPFEMALE > I told you this ( Gunshot)\ 
And I woulda did anything for you , To show you how much I adored you , But it’s over now , it’s too late to save our love , Just promise me you’ll think of me everytime you look up in the sky and see a < PROPFEMALE > 
going to the football game 
im so dumb . im carrying clothes and turn my head and hit a hanger . 
tired . im bout to pass out . but i have gay homework 
im tired of people judging me . its getting annoying . so what if im a damn athiest . i dont believe in a god . so what ? that doesnt make me any different just because of my religious beliefs . if anyone has a problem with this then fuck off . 
school then high school football game 
might go see black label society , children of bodom , and clutch for my birthday in october . there has to be a seating area tho cause my dad doesnt want me to get into a mosh pit . -.- 
watching strikeforce fighting . < PROPFIRST > lashley lost his first fight today to a guy with mudchops . 
so bored at home . school tomorrow . so boring . 
watching my favorite shows then going to bed 
bout to leave for school . gayyyyyyy 
tired and hungry . i need dinner 
wow . never saw this coming . 
nothings ever changed . its always the same shit every single time . 
why do songs always match how you feel ? 
hopefully tomorrow will be better . if not . then . well . fml . 
i honestly dont know what to do anymore 
hopefully tomorrow will be better 
homework and 7am dont mix 
ugh . this week so far has been horrible . 
hungry as hell . gonna eat then go to bed probably . dog had puppies . great ! like we need more . 
finally got my new shoes . they look even more better in person . dad quit his job today :/ if he doesnt get a new one soon we will go broke . 
home alone and listening to music 
going to the louisville bats game with my bro . he is an asshole sometimes but he is also great 
had an awesome time at the louisville bats game . no one could hit the guys 105mph fastball haha 
going to the mall with < PROPFIRST > in a bit 
bored at home 
hate girls when there on there periods 
really getting pissed about all of this . 
really bored 
back hurts like crazy . im going to bed . school in the morning . i hope i can have a good day tomorrow . 
woke up so many times last night 
at home by my self for the entire day . fun ? 
going to bed . school in the morning . stupid history homework . why we need a damn riddle ? 
school is so boring . home , then homework , then whatever 
hate when you play a game and forget to save and remember right when you turn off the game . MADDEN 11 NEEDS AUTOSAVE ! 
worst dentist ever ! she hit my gums like so many times and I think there cut . not only that but my teeth hurt like hell now . 
just finished my feature article on pugs for mrs. burgess's class . took forever ! 
hate my life . 
going to the game . were gonna lose cause high school sucks . haha 
\Homeboy 
back is really sore 
bored at home . dont want school tomorrow 
basketball tryouts today . kinda gay i think 
in a terrible mood 
still in a bad mood . 
best grades ive gotten since like 2nd grade haha . 3 A's and 2 B's 
back and ribs hurt like hell . really hate when people push my temper . 
fuck you . 
Vikings vs . Saints . this is the game that should have been at the superbowl . saints winning by 7 already . haha . cmon vikings ! 
what did i even do ? 
might go to movies sunday . hope the person can go with me . 
I am awesome , and you are just awe-struck\ 
She’s love-stricken , she’s got her jaw stuck\ 
From sucking my < PROPMALE > , aww fuck 
ugh .. 
well . no movies sunday i dont think D: sux . i was really looking forward to it . oh well i guess . my great aunts benifit is tomorrow . tryin to raise her money for a new house since hers now is only 2 walls and 2 pool covering sheets for the rest . its at the steel tech shooting range if anyone wants to come out and donate money 
really happy at the moment 
Jennifers body is the worst movie i have ever seen . its so random and so crappy and just terrible . id enjoy staring at my crotch more than watching that movie 
fuck my life ..... 
hate when people play with my emotions . 
wish some things could just be how you want them to be . 
bout to leave to set things up for the benifit . if anyone wants to come it starts at 4pm and the music starts at 5pm . 5$ to get in . 
I'm really close to just saying fuck it . 
what the hell happened to being mature and civillized ? 
long ass day . im tired as hell but cant sleep . 
And I woulda did anything for you\ 
To show you how much I adored you , \ 
But it’s over now , it’s too late to save our love\ 
Just promise me you’ll think of me everytime you look up in the sky and see a < PROPFEMALE > cuz I’m a space bound rocketship and your hearts the moon\ 
And I’m aiming right at you , right at you\ 
250 thousand < PROPMALE > on a clear night in June\ 
And I’m so lost without you , without you , without you 
I fucking hate my gay ass brother . I hope he gets anal raped 
i hate this feeling . cant wait until it goes away . 
I missed eminem on the vma's and when I turn it on its < PROPFIRST > bieber . wow 
dropped a piece of pizza on my dogs ass by accident and it squeeled and rubbed its ass all over the carpet haha 
sometimes at night I just lay in the dark and look up at my roof and wonder why 
going to school . boring ! 
can i just be happy with you again ? 
you really know how to make me mad don't you ? 
side of my lip is cut . hurts like hell 
my dads friend bought a 64 300 crysler and some little black kid on a scooter yelled nice cah ! lol 
god school sucks . dont think i have homework ? hope not . 
early release . thank god . 
your gay ? i think so . 
gonna go to bed while watching the hangover 
ha . my dog walked to a < PROPFEMALE > and looked at it and the cat hunched its back and slowly backed up 
wow ...... people really know how to take things seriously especially when your kidding . wow ...... 
guess I should be careful on who I tell jokes to . people can really fuck up your life by taking them serious . ugh . 
in the worst mood I've ever been in . I'm a fucking idiot . fml . 
worst day of my life ? I think so 
I really hate myself right now . 
ha . its funny that you act all cheerful and happy while im right next to you depressed 
ugh . I'm really tired 
I just found out my mom has uturus cancer O.o 
O.o my mom is talking about giving lapdances 
nicks birthday party later . in the mean time im relaxing at home and listening to music 
does anyone feel my pain of second hand smoke ? 
my cats just got spayed and they look drunk and are acting drunk 
shoes party in an hour . haha listening to get naked by methods of mayhem 
fun ass party . haha 
hm . I was in a great mood a few minutes ago . pissed as hell now . 
why can't I ever be happy for just one minute ? 
how come everytime things are going good I find a way to fuck it all up and be hurt 
wow . < PROPFIRST > pushed me into a girl while she was bending over at the party . way to go fag 
school tomorrow . great . :/ 
I really fucking hate you right now . 
dont remember if i had homework or not . gotta take math test so i will have math homework monday tho . bull crap . 
why people sayin im touchin < PROPFEMALE > in mr. drawbaughs class ? yall are some stupid mutha fuckas . i aint touchin nothin 
about to beat my brick breaker high score on my blackberry and my phone froze up . gay ! 
ugh . tired as hell 
still tired . think I'm going to sleep 
haha tacos for dnner . FUCK YEA ! lol 
i think i have all A's for the first time ever . ha . 8th grade is easy 
sittin at home eatin hot pockets . ha 
what the hell . i listen to nightmare by A7x and instead its a screamo song . i think its still A7x . still awesome tho . i like it 
back hurts . stupid school chairs 
hm . feel like i just got someone in trouble for some reason 
kosmoceratops . a brand new dinosaur that was just found by scientists 
:/ today sucks . 
big tits are amazing . lol 
:/ you won't talk to me . 
Deliver me into my fate , If I'm alone I cannot hate I don't deserve to have you , Ooh , my smile was taken long ago , If I can change I hope I never know , I still press your letters to my lips , And < PROPFEMALE > them in parts of me that savor every kiss , I couldn ? t face a life without your lights , But all of that was ripped apart when you refused to fight So save your breath , I will not care , I think I made it very clear . 
Seventy seven million dollars made\ 
From watchin ' me cum under the sun\ 
On my vacation ( after hours on Spectravision ) shootin'\ 
My jizzy jizzum the woody\ 
Has rissy rizen I ain't gettin'\ 
Paid to entertain your birthday showers\ 
Rockin my porno tapefor hours n hours\ 
Clitoris's are fearin me it's bigger than < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
goin home with < PROPFIRST > after school 
going to taylors . school sucks 
the song pretty boy swag sounds like < PROPFIRST > from < PROPMALE > in the middle is the singer 
back hurts like hell . 
sleeping on the floor in a small spaced room is great for back aches :/ 
:/ 
not in a very good mood . 
wish I could just talk to you for a minute :/ 
is it possible to be hurt like this ? 
idk if I can handle this . idk if I can control myself with this much anger . 
i really hate my life :/ 
its funny how someone says they care about you and then hurt you 
feel like I've been lied to , the entire time . 
I aint heard you yet\ 
not even once say you apreciate me i deserve respect\ 
ive done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness\ 
and i know that if I end this I’ll no longer have nothing left\ 
but you keep treating me like a staircase its time to f**king step\ 
and i wont be coming back so dont hold your f**king breath\ 
you know what youve done no need to go in depth 
idk what to do :/ 
ugh . feel better than I was . 
huge headache :/ 
head keeps throbbing . stomach keeps hurting . i think im sick . :/ 
I guess its over for good . I want to die . 
why does this have to hurt so much ? 
and I would have done anything for you , to show you how much I adored you , but its over now , its to late to save our love , just promise me you'll think of me everytime you look up in the sky and see a start cause I'm a space bound rocketship and your hearts the < PROPFEMALE > 
really tired . 
scared for my life :/ 
terrible mood 
i feel like im being lied to and its really making me mad . 
either your telling the truth or you think im a damn fool for believing you 
:/ i hate parents . 
ugh . hope things work for the best 
a son and a dad in a house with 20 women with a bunch of food does not go well . ha . my house sucks :/ 
:/ trying to sleep and I have old women screaming and playing a game . SHUT . UP . YOU . OLD . BAGS . 
what the hell ? parents are so gay . my friend cant talk to me cause her mom hates me for some reason . what i ever do ? 
really worried . 
bored :/ 
god people are so stupid . they say something happened that didnt when i was there and they wasnt 
i guess everything i ever did for you doesnt matter to you . you know what . whatever . fuck you . stay the hell outta my life 
But I do know one thing though , bitches , they come they go\ 
Saturday through Sunday , Monday , Monday through Sunday yo'\ 
Maybe i'll love you one day , maybe we'll someday grow\ 
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin ' runway ho ' ... 
guess i should just try to make whats left of my life the best 
thank god fall break is soon . i need a break from people and < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends 
hm . I don't think it bothers me as much as I thought ? 
first day in almost a year where i have no worries about fucking up . why arent i happy ? 
why won't you just leave me alone ? you got what you wanted now give me what I wanted . 
:/ sick 
hate what I'm going through . 
these past few weeks have been terrible . 
children of the corn is a fucked up movie 
thank god its fall break . i can finally just be alone and have time to myself for once since the summer 
talkin to my favorite person in the world 
next week should be very interesting 
17 more days . ill finally be 14 . then 2 more years and ill be getting my permit . life should seriously go faster 
my dogs howl to the all my children theme song . haha . crazy lil bastards 
Girl the way you're movin , Got me in a trance , DJ turn me up , Ladies dis yo jam , I'ma sip Moscato , And you ' gon lose dem pants , Then I'ma throw this money , While you do it with , no hands , Girl drop it to the < PROPFEMALE > , I love the way yo booty go , All I want to do is sit , back , And watch you move , And I'll proceed to throw this cash 
bored as hell . 
just 2 more weeks . 
people are so gay sometimes . seriously ? if your mad about something dont take it out on me when i was just asking a question 
hm . new way to pop fingers . twist not to hard and pull . lol 
bored !!!!!! 
hm . went from a good mood to a pissed off mood 
sitting at home listening to music 
what the hell happened ? 
ha . wow . my cat just jumped into my window with a rat in its mouth 
mad and hurt 
Tears stream down both of my cheeks now I let you go and just give\ 
To show you how much I adored you\ 
Just promise me you’ll think of me everytime you look up in the sky and see a < PROPFEMALE > 
ugh . whatever . 
my puppies are so fat ! 
hm . i guess ill do this . truth is ....... 
:/ i dont guess theres anything i can say or do 
nothin i can do or say that will make you change your mind . idk why i dont just give up . 
watching the movie < PROPMALE > payne . love this movie 
truth is ... 
\sometimes i wish there weren't any laws . cause then i could shoot you dead in the face \"- < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
:/ not in a good mood , stomach hurts , and I'm tired 
cold !!! 
:/ bored at home . wish some people would text back 
whatever happened to < PROPFIRST > banner ? 
:/ wish things were how they use to be 
why do you have to experience pain after you experience love ? 
i hope things go my way for once . 
still cant get over what happened . :/ 
i really hate the blackberry trackball 
hm . past few days have been exciting 
god I'm tired . another fun day tomorrow I hope . having a good week suprisingly 
:/ think im sick , my head hurts , and my chest and ribs hurt 
people are so fucking stupid its not even funny . 
sick :/ 
i hate my gay fucking phone 
life can really suck 
tired . might go to another friends house friday . gotta take care of niece and nephew tomorrow . GREAT . :/ 
going to the zoo with my family . fun ? text me if you wanna 
zoo is tiring . thank god I can home now 
tired as hell . zoo's are boring . especially when you have to wait on your dad cause he wont stop taking pictures . 
it sucks how things can still continue to hurt you . 
:/ bored . for some reason my good mood went away . 
sadness , but good memories will come in mind in 5 days . 
going to sleep . game tomorrow . might go to taylors afterwards 
its official . disney channel is like the ring movie . except instead of dying in 7 days you will shoot yourself in 7 minutes . my niece and nephew somehow love it . 
going to movies with family then the game with my favorite person 
lol I wanna see the movie African cats 
hm . movie was siprisingly good 
if fat people were a race , there racial word would be fatty , they would < PROPFEMALE > out around fast food places in sweat pants , and there god would be < PROPFIRST > McDonald 
Walmart and then the game later 
on my way home to get ready for the game 
had a good day today . just really tired now . 
wtf ? 
you really make me mad sometimes . 
wish you understood me more . 
today is not a good day 
hate life . 
:/ today has sucked 
Im gonna slash and gash , rip another hole in your ass . \ 
I'll smear blood on the walls and then play\ 
tennis with your balls , and if the phone rings dont answer the caLL . \ 
im gonna slit yo throught , fuk u like a goat\ 
i'LL rip yo fore skin off and make a winter coat . PEACE ! 
check out my new pic . im stunning ! haha 
back into the same old shit . hope this doesnt happen to me a second time . 
everytime something is starting to go how i want it to go , someone or something just has to ruin it every fucking time . 
hm . fuck you . 
sometimes i really wish i never met you 
its funny how the person you love the most can become the person you hate the most . 
hmmm . life sucks 
hm . i never finished my short story for mrs. burgess . when is it due ? 
ugh ! school tomorrow 
love the crow movies 
hm . school . blows ! 
hate family . they ruin everything 
watching 8 mile 
hm . tomorrow will not be a good day 
:/ today really sucks 
ugh . 
Cause some things just don't change , It's better when they stay the same , Although the , whole world knows your name , So on the biggest days they came to see you spit your , game , Ooooohhhhhhh , It shouldn't be difficult to explain , Just why you came back again , you hate the fame , Love the game , cold as ice you remain , Fuck em ' all , tell ' em all eat shit , here we go again 
god i love funny photos 
wow . my birthday is Sunday and my dad asked if it was tomorrow and then asked me how old I was turning 
ugh . :/ terrible mood and idk why . 
hate middle school and homework 
god im tired . might actually get all A's . ha 
sittin at home . stupid teachers . grades didnt get put in that i did good on so i have A's and 2 B+'s 
Snatch the mic from ‘em , bitch I’mma let you finish in a minute\ 
Yeah the rap is tight\ 
But I’m tryna spit the greatest verse of all time\ 
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and um\ 
Scribble out them rhymes you were going to spit\ 
And start over from scratch and write new ones\ 
But I’m afraid that it ain’t gonna make no difference\ 
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight 
listen to music is fun . tacos for dinner haha . love tacos . 
ugh . school is so boring . im like super tired 
wow . missed one question on math test and its all cause i forgot to add one number . should've had a 100 
back and neck hurts . wish someone didnt fall asleep on me . 
back and neck still hurt :/ 
soulja boy in pretty boy swag sounds like < PROPFIRST > from < PROPMALE > in the middle 
hm . birthday is on a sunday . wow . sucks . might have a party next week 
next stop dome bound , your going straight down , put your hands in the air ! falcons on top ! falcons gonna win ! never givin up , never givin in ! 
falcons vs the eagles tomorrow on my birthday . hope my team the falcons win on my birthday 
hm . me and eminem are celebratin our birthdays today . im 14 and he is now 38 . haha . love havin the same birthdate as my favorite rapper 
cant wait to watch the falcons kick some eagle ass 
hm . good day so far . getting my favorite dinner and cake later . bout to watch the game . 
hahahaha . falcons guy knocked the fuck out of an eagles player . damn he hit him hard 
falcons arent winning yet but they have injured 2 eagle players haha 
haha . falcons injured 4 eagles players . hope they come back and win 
eating my favorite dinner and then cake . 
why is it everytime i have a head ache my dad has to practice his bass guitar ? 
bout to eat dinner then watch < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and the titans 
Tatted on my neck shawty says she choose me , She got nice tities and a fat ass booty , Took her to my condo let the girl strip , Then she got naked then she pretty girl dip , Damn , I like the way lil mama shake that ass , She pretty girl dancin while I pretty boy swag god damn 
leg hurts like hell . 
Pee in a tea cup ? Bitch , you ain't my keeper , I'm sleepin , What the fuck you keep on , fuckin ' with me for ? Slut , you need to leave me the fuck alone , I ain't playin ' , Go find you a white crayon and color a fuckin ' zebra 
not a good day . :/ 
new phone . text me your number . 5027274702 
thanks < PROPFIRST > Mcclellan for the crappy flip phone lol 
shower then bed probably . 
She likes to shake her ass she grinds it to the beat , She likes to pull my hair when I make her grind her teeth , I like to strip her down she's naughty till the end , You know what she is , no doubt about it , She's a bad , bad girlfriend 
school is so boring . tired as hell 
just found a spider on my arm . ha 
wanna switch to my new phone already . 
camera on my phone doesnt work right . sux 
ugh ! fuck stupid ass phones . the damn phone i was switching to , didnt have the number canceled on it . wtf ????? 
good day i guess . 
Everything’s so blurry , And everyone’s so fake , And everybody’s so empty , And everything is so messed up , Pre-occupied without you , I cannot live at all , My whole world surrounds you , I stumble then I crawl , You could be my someone , You could be my scene , You know that I’ll protect you , From all of the obscene , I wonder what your doing , Imagine where you are , There’s oceans in between us , But that’s not very far 
thats right bitches . im rockin the fat spidy as my profile pic for halloween haha 
blackberry is the worst possible phone that could have ever been invented . im never buying another blackberry ever . 
people are so stupid . just cause you aint like someone dont mean you gotta be making fun of em all the time . i make fun of people but thats only when i joke around or cause they make fun of me . seriously , leave people the fuck alone . why you think kids kill themselves you dumb fucks 
aim sux 
Sometimes I feel so alone , \ 
, I just don't know , feels like I been down this road before . Solonely and cold , It's like something takes over me , \ 
soon as I go home and close the door . Kinda feels like < PROPFEMALE > vu , I wanna get away from this place I do , \ 
but I cant and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cuz I don't , \ 
and why I just don't know ..... 
phones are so gay . my phone is a piece of shit and wont even turn on . ha . i cant transfer over to the phone i have either . 
:/ bad day today . 
new game tuesday . awesome 
school is so gay . tomorrow willl be a long day . 
ok day i guess 
eating dinner . 
still cant transfer my stupid phone over . GAY 
ugh ! tired 
getting hair cut , then new game , then hopefully transfer my phone over 
field trip tomorrow . but its a test . gay ! 
You see , I’m a psycho , a sicko , I’m crazy\ 
I see I got my knife pulled , I kill you , you made me\ 
They wanna see me shot up , locked up and cage me\ 
I’ll come back bigger , stronger and angry\ 
Read more : http://www.killerhiphop.com/50-cent-psycho-lyrics-eminem-dr-dre/#ixzz13ap6f5Tu 
Yeah , Im as ill as can be\ 
my appeal is to serial killers\ 
what a pill is to me , \ 
killing so villainously , \ 
still as maniacal on the NyQuil and psycho as < PROPFIRST > myers , \ 
you know what were like on the muthaf-cking mic , \ 
so try us and your gonna find out , \ 
what the f-ck were like with pliers 
wedding tomorrow then friends house monday . 
so tired . i feel like im sick 
you think you ball well I palm it , I throw up bombs when I vomit , boy I throw down in the kitchen might hit your mom with my omlette , but you got egg on your face now watch me drop an atomic , I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze , bitch I'm as bat sh-t as Ozzy it's obvious 
trusting people is really hard . 
going to wedding in a bit . still mad about last night :/ 
i hate when people do something and dont think about how it would affect someone in there life . 
ha . mr. woods had like 12 beers 
love < PROPMALE > zombies version of halloween 
wtf ? i remember someone saying < PROPFIRST > basinger is dead . shes not dead wtf . lol shes still alive and is still making movies . people are stupid . idk how i remembered that cause it was long time ago but yea 
bored as hell . guess ill go to bed . nothing else to do . 
i think im sick . i hurt like hell . 
this years halloween sucks 
I do whatever it takes\ 
When I'm with you I get the shakes\ 
My body aches when I aint\ 
With you I have zero strength\ 
Theres no limit on how far I would go\ 
No boundries no lengths 
just got back from coltons and ate dinner . really tired . only got 3 hours of sleep 
Almost to the mountaintop , You slip and fall just like a stone , Rolling ever faster to this nightmare you have sown . You had it all right in your grasp , But in a breath , your minute passed , Now at last the end has come , you are all alone . Out of time , so say goodbye , What is yours , now is mine , And I dream broken dreams , I make them come true , I make them for you . 
it still makes me mad every single time i see it . hate people sometimes . 
bout to fix dinner . really tired . hate school 
The wo-world is my punchin ' bag and\ 
If I'm garbage , you're a bunch of maggots\ 
Make that face , go on , scrunch it up at me\ 
Show me the target so I can lunge and attack it\ 
Like a , raah , raah , like a dungeon dragon\ 
You fell off , off , they musta bumped your wagon\ 
You musta went off the back , I'm ' bout to go off the deep end\ 
I told you to stay in your < PROPFIRST > , you just choked in traffic 
anyone else hate congitive tutor ? 
who would win a rap battle out of these groups . \ 
eminem vs lil < PROPMALE > \ 
50 cent vs lil < PROPMALE > \ 
eminem vs 50 cent\ 
eminem vs waka flocka flame\ 
50 cent vs waka flocka flame\ 
lil < PROPMALE > vs wocka flocka flame 
lol random memory of a ghost named spermies . 
I don't ever want you to leave me my darling You and me were meant to be togetha my darling And if I can not have you then no one can your my darling Cuz I posses your soul your mind your heart and your body And I don't want you too ever leave me my darling You and me were meant to be togetha my darling And if I can not have you then no one can your my darling Cuz I posses your soul your mind your heart and your body 
This is what I wished for\ 
, Just isn't how I envisioned it , Fame to the point of imprisonment , I just thought the shit'd be different , But something changed , The minute that I got a whiff of it , I started to inhale it , Smell it , Started sniffin ' it , And became my cocaine , I just couldn't quit , I just wanted a little bit , Then it turned me into a monster , I became a hypocrite\ 
Concert after concert 
EMIN3M 
no xbox for a week sucks . 
getting aggravated 
i fuckin hate webcams . they never work right . 
off to bed hoping for a better tomorrow 
run out the room and I’ll follow you like a lost puppy , baby , without you , I’m nothing , I’m so lost , hug me , then tell me how ugly I am , but that you’ll always love me , then after that , shove me , in the aftermath of the destructive path that we’re on , two psychopaths but we know that no matter how many knives we put in each other’s backs , that we’ll have each other’s backs , ’cause we’re that lucky 
-.- history homework is so gay ! 
Riding in a beat up car to the mall listening to sweet home alabama . Could i feel any more like < PROPFIRST > dirt ? 
got new clothes 
run\ 
out the room and I’ll follow you like a lost puppy , baby , without you , \ 
I’m nothing , I’m so lost , hug me , then tell me how ugly I am , but that \ 
you’ll always love me , then after that , shove me , in the aftermath of \ 
the destructive path that we’re on , two psychopaths but we know that no \ 
matter how many knives we put in each other’s backs , that we’ll have each other’s backs , ’cause we’re that lucky 
not a good night . :/ 
And you can never break my stride , You never slow the momentum at any moment I’m about to blow , You’ll never take my pride , Killing the flow slow venom and the opponent Is getting no mercy , < PROPFIRST > my words , Ain’t letting up , relentless , I smell blood , I don’t give a fuck , keep giving them hell , Where was you when I fell and needed help up ? You get no love 
:/ idk if today has been such a good day for me . 
thank god its early release tomorrow . enrichment sucks . no one wants to learn gay latin and read a stupid book . plus were getting a grade in that class and were not suppose to . wtf ? 
who agrees that what were doing in mr drawbaughs class is pointless and stupid ? 
playing black ops and eating dinner 
eminem went from the most famous rapper alive , to over dosing on drugs in his daughters bedroom , to rehab , to being back on top and making some of the best music in his entire career as a rapper . EMIN3M = greatness 
:/ not in a good mood . 
people who spread rumors are the gayest people in the world . especially girls . seriously ? get a life instead of trying to fuck someone elses up . 
people are so stupid . i dont even care anymore . whatever happens will happens i guess . and < PROPFIRST > if you wanna fight me go ahead . im not scared of you . and bre you can fuck off and stop spreading rumors . 
tired as hell . really wish i could kill certain people sometimes . 
might go to taylors tomorrow 
so bored at home . nothing to do . 
well . won second place . so thats good i guess 
really tired . hope christmas comes alot sooner . 
really sore . dont know why 
Were screamin like demons , Swingin from the ceiling , I gotta fistful of fifties , < PROPFEMALE > just hit me . Ooooo , We got no class , no taste , No shirt and shit faced , We got them lined up , Shot down firing back straight Crown 
your really starting to piss me off . 
new baby cousin tomorrow . 
if your gonna talk shit bout me then do it to my face instead of like a pussy and put it on facebook . if your gonna say your gonna kick my ass then fuckin try it . dont say it and not even confront me . 
if your gonna say your gonna do somethin then back it up 
i have a new baby girl cousin 
people are so stupid . for anyone that thinks i walked away from a fight with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > your fuckin wrong . i didnt walk away from shit . they said they were gonna jump me so i fuckin waited for em to try something . id kick there ass's with my hands tied behind my back . and im certainly not scared of those butt < PROPMALE > faggots either . 
cant wait until all this bullshit is done with . im tired of hearing shit bout me that aint true . 
Everybody in the house with a half an ounce , Not weed I meant coke dumb ass sit down , We don't bullshit , better ask around , D12 throws the bombest bash in town , Bizarre , your mom is passing out , Get her ass on the couch ' fore she crashes out 
i take a couple uppers , down a couple downers , but nothing compares to these blue and yellow purple pills . i been to mushroom mountain , once or twice but who's countin , but nothin compares to these blue and yellow purple pills . 
:/ terrible day so far . 
really mad at the moment . 
not a good weekend 
sittin at home bored . wishin i had someone to text 
* < PROPMALE > with stapler on his arm * me , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > - cmon it doesnt hurt just do it . * < PROPFIRST > acts like hes gonna slam it down * < PROPMALE > - you do that and ill staple your nuts to your forehead . hahaha 
:/ weekend just got a lot worse . 
dont know whats going to happen . 
i hope everything works out the way i hope it does :/ 
Im about to lose my mind\ 
You've been gone for so long\ 
I'm running out of time\ 
I need a doctor\ 
Call me a doctor\ 
I need a doctor , doctor\ 
To bring me back to life 
Now I don't really care what you call me , You can even call me cold , These bitches know as soon as they saw me , Its never me to get the privilege to know ' em , I roll like a desperado , now I never know where I'm gonna go , Still I ball like there's no tomorrow , goodnight its over with thats all she wrote 
wish a certain someone would text me back . :/ 
terrible mood :/ 
not really enjoying break so far 
i hope thanksgiving will be a good day for me . im tired of a bad break . 
wish i knew what happened . :/ 
big thanksgiving dinner later . still in a terrible mood 
just ate my thanksgiving dinner . full now . going to walmart at 12 tonight . haha 
tired . probably gonna sleep for a bit and then get up for walmart 
My week just got a lot worse :( 
Dont know what im gonna do :/ might as well just try to forget about it and move on . 
Feel like dying :( 
i hate life . i wish everything would go back to how it was . :/ 
worst mood ever 
going to bed . wish today never happened . 
Tears stream down both of my cheeks , now I let you go and just give , And before I put that gun to my < PROPFEMALE > I told you this ( Gunshot)\ 
wish i knew what to do . :/ 
why must we lose the things we love and have to deal with the things we hate forever . 
wish things could go my way for once . 
dont know how much more of this i can take 
bored and worried . 
bored at home . hope things go the way i want em to . 
i fucking hate people . 
bored with nothing to do . really mad at the moment . 
just 3 weeks . and my christmas starts 
idk what to do 
going to bed . break was terrible . 
:/ not in a good mood 
i hate mrs. nethery . i refuse to do her project over again just cause my < PROPMALE > figure broke . 
ugh . tired . dont want school tomorrow . going to bed 
very tired . cant wait till christmas break . 
worst feeling ever 
worst mood ever . 
One of the worst days ive ever had . 
why does everything good always have to get ruined ? 
we touch , i feel a rush , we clutch , it isn't much but its enough to make me wonder whats in store for us , its lust , its torturous , you must be a sorceress cause you just , did the impossible , gained my trust , don't play games it'll be dangerous if you fuck me over cause if i get hurt , ima show you what its like to hurt , cause i been treated like dirt before ya , and love is evil . spell it backwards ill show ya . 
going to bed . really tired . really want to have a dream of some killer turtles . lol 
see for me it’d be nothing to say you never had my heart . but I’d be lyin , fuckin see why they call this bullshit a relationship , ships sink\ 
and you know its love as soon as you fall in it cause shit stinks , and it feels like everytime i fuckin do i get jynxed 
dont feel good :/ 
Bored at caseys party . Cold ! 
Tired as hell . Party was awesome 
Ha . Sledding for 5 hours straight . Went down < PROPFIRST > calhouns hill on a sled and spun around and smacked my back right into a tree stump . So much pain . But so worth it 
sore as hell . 
watching strikeforce . yesterday was fun . today has kinda sucked . 
sore . tired . jammed my back somewhere in the lower part . hurts like crazy 
dont know what to believe . really worried . 
everything seems to suspicious . i believe you but idk if i should :/ 
bout to go to bed . i guess ill try to not worry about this . 
hope theres a snow day tomorrow 
its snowed for 2 days . if it doesnt snow tonight to give us a school night then ive lost all hope in christmas . lol 
Haha . Watching toy story 3 
People are so stupid . You should really try thinking about what your doing when you say somethin to someone that isnt true . Ugh ... 
why wont you believe me ? 
im gonna slash and gash , rip another hole in your ass . I'll smear blood on the walls , and then play , tennis with your balls , and if the phone rings dont answer the call im , gonna slit yo throught , fuk u like a goat , i'll rip yo fore skin off and make a winter coat . PEACE ! 
back hurts . going to bed 
day could be alot better . wish it was friday already 
Cant wait till the weekend 
wish i didnt do what i did . :( 
i really fucked up . :/ 
hate myself 
hate what i did . almost fucked everything up . :/ 
thirsty . want something other than mountain dew for like the first time ever 
Apperantly , if we have a snow day tomorrow then we have to go to school the monday of our break 
cold as hell in my house 
Stupid 2 hour delay . 
hate 2 hour delays 
oh ! all , around , the world , theres an < PROPFEMALE > ! as , he takes , a bow , and they all know all the girls , the boys , they < PROPMALE > , the noise , through the highs and through the lows , they will follow , the < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , they will follow the < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > 
Mr. Drawbaugh is a big nosed , rat fucker , tranny . I went from an A+ to a C because i didnt do an open response pre write . Wtf !?!?!? 
at my uncles babysitting the new baby and playing wii haha 
comment with your answers . best rapper of 2010\ 
Eminem\ 
lil wayne\ 
drake\ 
wacka flocka flame 
at coltons playing rock band 3 . found my christmas presents . had a new xbox but didnt have the ipod :,( 
think im sick :/ 
sucks that im sick , but hopefully it will get me out of school monday and tuesday 
hahahaha . suppose to snow monday . hopefully no school ! 
Bored at home . Doing mrs burgess's project . 
listening to music and playing uno on facebook . haha 
bored . kinda aggrivated 
cant wait for christmas 
i absolutely love bullet for my < PROPFIRST > 
anyone been so tired to where your about to like pass out and then when you go to bed your not tired anymore and wanna get up ? 
wow . just wow . what a come back from the eagles . deshean < PROPMALE > is a beast ahahaha . sucks for the giants 
really dont want school tomorrow . hope it snows alot 
Cause we came here to set this party off right , Let's bounce tonight , And if they don't let us in through the front , We'll come through the side , Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without , At least saying goodbye , So all my people on the left , all my people on the right , Swing one last time 
getting aggravated . -.- 
really not in the mood for this . 
gay slow ass computers . they wont ever load shit anymore . 
paying for concert tickets , $300 . getting to go backstage and get autographs , $150 . getting to see eminem live and meet him backstage . priceless 
so glad no school today . 
so glad i got my christmas present today instead of on christmas . didnt get an ipod but i have my xbox 
Ugh . Why are dogs always stupid and cause you to break new things 
my dad pisses me off so much . cant wait until i can just get presents and get the hell away from him 
christmas is great . clothes , clone , 75 dollars , 3 dvds , brand new xbox 360 , and the new ipod touch 
got a bunch of great presents but today isnt a good day for me :/ 
not a good christmas day for me 
5am and still partying 
just got back home . had fun . didnt sleep till 9am lol school seems like kinda fun to go back to now 
Mad as hell . 
school might actually be fun since we have P.E now 
Bored . 
Glad I got to see you again today 
Idk why but I've been really tired lately 
Just woke up . I hate being tired all the time now 
Kfc for dinner . Then sleep I guess . 
legs are sore and my stomach hurts 
playin xbox and chillin 
tired and hot . not a good combo 
Just woke up and my room was like below 0 degrees . WTF was I thinking by turnin my fan on 
I really dont like being cold and then hot for the rest of the day 
Not in a good mood 
Pissed off at so many people right now 
So tired 
so cold . just got done playing in snow . jumped off a ladder into a big pile . im frozin from the waist down 
< PROPMALE > - i think his nuts are frozen to the porch ahahahaha . me- nah . hes just to cold to move . < PROPMALE > - yea , his nuts are to cold . hahahahaah . fun day 
Today was fun . Don't want to go to school tomorrow tho 
So tired . Just watched the other guys again haha 
:/ today has sucked so far 
Kinda pissed off right now 
Not in a very good mood :( 
Hate myself 
Idk what happened . But I really wish it didn't . Ugh ... 
Idk what I did that was so wrong 
dont want school tomorrow 
Not feeling very good today 
Feel unwanted and unloved for now 
nothin to do . not tired . ugh ! terrible weekend 
Don't feel to good . Kinda upset . 
I wish things could be how they use to be . When every thing was easier and you didnt have to be hurt 
Really tired . Dont feel like moving . Better be nO school tomorroe 
Cold and playing xbox 
Truth is ....... 
Getting irritated and aggravated . 
Wow . Pet cementary is fucked up . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is one gruesome giy 
Back hurts really . I feel avoided atm 
CraIest dream ever . I woke up thinking it was real 
And sO another lonely boring day begins . This week has sucked 
Watching the last exorcism for my dads birthday 
God this movie is freaky . Poor cat got killed with a camera :( 
Feel like I'm being ignored 
really mad at certain people 
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs , Throw them hands up and show some love , And ( ah ) Welcome u to Detroit City , I said welcome to Detroit City , Every place everywhere we go , Man we deep everywhere we roll , Ask around and they all know Tricky , Ask whats good man they all say Tricky 
Most boring week ever . Wish things could be my way 
Going out to eat and then to a movie for my dads birthday . Still not in a good mood 
Feelin kindve depressed 
How desperate do you have to be to hit on someone in a movie theatre ? 
Today was ok . Still not in a good mood 
I dont think I'm as important to you as I use to be 
kinda hoping we have school 
Don't know why I bother :/ 
Not a good day 
Tears stream down both of my cheeks and I let you go and just give , and before I put that gun to my < PROPFEMALE > I told you this .... ( gunshot ) I woulda did anything for you , to show you how much I adored you . But it's over now , it's to late to save our love , just promise me you'll think of me everytime you look up in the sky an see a star . -eminem 
Worst mood ever 
Can't sleep :( 
today was a terrible day 
Don't know what I'm gonna do . I miss the past when I was a lot happier 
Don't know what to do anymore :/ 
i hate my life right now . 
I can't believe it's over and theres nothing I can do about it . Why did it have to be now . :( 
Great . My day just keeps getting worse and worse 
I’ll do whatever it takes , when I’m with you I get the shakes\ 
My body aches , when I ain’t with you I have zero strength\ 
There’s no limit on how far I would go , no boundaries , no lengths\ 
Why do we say that until we get that person that we thinks\ 
Gonna be that one , then once we get them it’s never the same 
Don't know how I'm gonna over this . It meant everything to me 
Never thought I could feel this bad 
hate what i did , but i had to do it . 
Why does everything about this have to hurt ? 
Guess I'm goin to bed . Terrible week 
:/ don't know what to do 
Bored . Need someone to text . 
Tired . Not really in a good mood 
It's all my fault and I can't change it 
http://m.youtube.com/index?desktop_uri=%2F&gl=US#/watch?xl=xl_blazer&v=a9vLhlh-kRY 
Idk anymore . I've tried about all I can . Nothing seems to work 
I miss the days when I was in a good mood everyday because of you 
It’s a little too late to say that you’re sorry now\ 
You kicked me when I was down\ 
F-ck what you say , just ( don’t hurt me , don’t hurt me no more)\ 
That’s right bitch : and I don’t need you , don’t want to see you\ 
Bitch you get ( no love)\ 
You show me nothing but hate\ 
You ran me into the ground\ 
But what comes around goes around 
im movin on forget you oh , now im special , I aint feel special when i was with you , all i ever felt was this , helplessness , imprisoned by a selfish b**ch , chew me up and spit me out , i fell for this so many times its ridiculus , and still i stick with this , im sick of this , but in my sickness , an addiction your as addictive as they get 
Have a feeling I'm gonna regret my decision but I don't have a choice 
My week just got a lot worse 
i know that if I end this I’ll no longer have nothing left but you keep treating me like a staircase its time to f**king step and i wont be coming back so dont hold your f**king breath you know what youve done no need to go in depth i told you youd be sorry if i f**king left id laugh while you wept hows it feel now yeah funny aint it , you neglected me did me a favor though my spirit free youve said 
Coltons commin over in a bit . Xbox all day 
Truth is .... 
I’m a space bound rocketship and your hearts the moon\ 
when it comes to love you’re just as blinded\ 
baby please come back , it wasn’t you , baby it was me\ 
maybe our relationship isn’t as crazy as it seems\ 
maybe that’s what happens when a tornado meets a volcano\ 
all i know is i love you too much to walk away though 
My parents won't let me job shadow who I wanted to . Idk who to do it on now . Fml 
Super bowl later . 2011 hasnt been a good year for me at all :( 
I think I'm done for the night . Not feelin to good and not in a good mood 
Eminem for president . 
Today has been terrible . And with the packers winning . It just got worse 
Why do we end up hurting the ones we love but never the ones we hate 
sittin in my bed starin at the ceiling . probably just gonna sit here awhile . 
Need some people to text 
I love my guitar 
Tired 
\dont be something your not . Don't let people judge you or stand in your way . Just be yourself\ " - eminem " 
nothin to do . guess ill get on xbox . text ? anyone ? 
\yea it's like so small you don't even wanna make fun of it . His penis is like that one grape out of the bunch that never really got to be a grape\ " lmao family guy is great " 
2011 has been nothin but terrible for me :/ im getting an upgrade tho . getting the droid incredible !!!! 
hm . layin in my bed just thinkin and clearin my mind 
Pissed off . I hate this feeling 
Not goin to school . Maybe dance tomorrow ? 
Omg I hate xbox live . Level 26 on zombies on black ops and connection was lost 
not feelin to good :/ might be sick . i hope not . i want to go to school tomorrow 
Im tired of all the drama and all the bullshit . Just leave me the hell alone when I did nothin wrong damn 
I feel so terrible right now 
The dance was .... Well . Interesting haha 
me and < PROPFIRST > have the best dance move ever ! haha 
good day today . but im tired , back hurts , and arm hurts where i got bit haha . bout to eat , lay down and relax , and play some nazi zombies 
Everything's so blurry\ 
and everyone's so fake\ 
and everybody's empty\ 
and everything is so messed up\ 
pre-occupied without you\ 
I cannot live at all\ 
My whole world surrounds you\ 
I stumble then I crawl 
today has been a good day for me . :) 
Had a lot of fun today . Super tired . Goin to bed 
Got nothin to do today 
Waiting for the day to be able to do it . 
Bout to order my droid 
Can't wait for my droid 
Eminem has the best songs to describe the story of your life 
wtf ????? apparently my internet works for everything , but my ipod and my xbox . and it works for my brothers xbox . makes no sense !!!!!!! 
eminem , waka flacka flame , drake , or lil < PROPMALE > for best album of the year , best artist of the year , and best single of the year . comment your decisions . 
ha . eminem has the most nominations with 10 in the grammys . cant wait to see him win all of em and perform tonight 
< PROPFIRST > bieber just started singing and I'm already having a head ache from his girly voice 
eminem = grammys 
...... wow . I am seriously wanting to break my xbox and get a ps3 . I load up my game but it says the saved data has failed to load and that I need to make a new game randomly 
im not racist but we seriously need some english people instead of mexicans working for help support < PROPFIRST > lol 
back hurts like hell . still amazed by this bruise i have haha :) 
Super tired . Probably gonna fall asleep if no one texts me . 
Ha . Wow . Didn't have a < PROPFIRST > this year . Any offers ? Haha 
Love thinkin about the good memories we had together but it's the bad ones that never leave my mind :,/ 
Think I might be sick :( 
Woo ! Finally have my droid incredible . This phone is amazing 
There are so many things I want to say to you right now . 
Back hurts terribly :/ 
Nose just started randomly bleeding . WTF ?!?!? 
So tired today for some reason . Hope tomorrow is a better day 
You have no idea how much I hate you 
today has sucked . :/ 
Don't know how much more of this I can take :/ 
Idk what to do anymore .... :/ 
Very hard decision . Idk what to do . Hope I make the right choice 
I hope I can get everything straightened out tomorrow 
I hate having trust issues . I can't ever stop worrying 
I fuckin hate you . I'm tired of your bullshit and your lies . I'm done . 
Hm . Selling xbox 360 game . Sims 3 , skate 2 , and saints row 2 . If your interested then I will reason a price with you . 
:( puppies might die from a sickness 
Can't wait for baseball this week 
ha . gonna try my hardest to go on this field trip 
I better be able to go on this field trip 
wow . im sick and i have baseball tryouts tomorrow and friday . if i cant go im gonna be so mad . 
not going back to school till friday . stupid sickness . glad that baseball try outs are only friday this week 
Being sick sucks 
Sick and hurting . Baseball tryouts tomorrow . Hope I won't be as sick tomorrow 
baseball tryouts tomorrow . hope im not as sick so i can perform better . cant find my cleats ! 
On my way to baseball tryouts . Still sick but Idc . 
just got home from baseball . did great at tryouts . especially for not playing since 6th grade . i love playin baseball . hope i make the team 
Sore as hell from baseball 
Sellin games for xbox 360 . Need for speed hot persuit , sims 3 , saints row 2 
really dont want to do make up work 
-.- just got woke up to go in the basement cause of tornado warning . 
i dont understand how people can make a top 10 or 20 of eminems songs . there all #1 to me 
Wow ... Wtf just happened .... 
Wow .... really didn't expect that . Oh well I guess . :/ baseball today 
And now we play the waiting game . Ha . Anxious to see if I made the team tomorrow 
Wow . Really pissed . 
didnt make the team , got yelled at for not having my work when the teacher never gave it to me when i asked for it , and lost my science journal with my homework . today could not be any worse . 
eat dinner then going to sleep . not in a pleasant mood . 
loving the new xbox games i just bought . 
< PROPFIRST > is getting on my nerves . but today has been fun 
omg im so tired . 
Wow . Really pissed . I don't feel like having to be at an old persons party for 5 hours 
Spending my Saturday night around a bunch of old drunk people and a band playing . Wow . 
Really tired 
Scribers food is amazing . 
Thinkin this might be a mistake 
Watching one of my favorite movies . Monsters inc . Haha 
really tired . dont want school . 
Atleast I tried 
I cant wait to get home . Tired of school . 
sittin at home bout to eat dinner then shower . probably just gonna lay in my bed and sleep afterwards . text anyone ? 
Really tired . Not in a very good mood 
Laying in my bed listening to a 19hour flow of eminent take over on fuse . Best way to sleep 
Why can't I just stay home and sleep 
listen to music , text my friends , play with my puppy , and sleep . sounds like a good plan to me 
my day just went from good to bad . this is the third time this week my parents have cancelled my recording to record criminal minds from 2005 . wtf ?!?!?!?!?!?! 
Getting very impatient 
Seriously regretting watching jackass 3 . < PROPMALE > o just drunk sweat from a fat guy 
So many retards in my math class . They would shoot themselves for a calculator . Seriously ? It's so easy 
plan of the day is to sleep 
No homework today . That's amazing 
Today is so gay 
Not a good day today . 
Wtf ? I didn't even do anything wrong . Why am I gettin yelled at 
Wow ... I have another funeral for a family member this weekend . Great . :/ 
People are so lucky teachers can stop fights . 
Going to the hotel tomorrow , visiting hours Sunday , and funeral Monday . 
Going to Walmart and then off to the hotel 
Waiting for my brother to get my and my other brother to go to stay at his house . 
So bored . :/ hmu 
Wow . I have nothing else to say to you anymore . 
bout to leave to the funeral home 
Worst day ever 
I hate having to watch something that I don't like 
Are you even worth it anymore ? I don't think so . 
Today is not a happy day for me 
Had fun at my brothers . Back home now . School tomorrow 
Truth is 
takin showers feels amazing 
I need something to have as a new habit to replace an old one . 
Just did 5 pacers with < PROPFIRST > sallee on my back lol 
They ask me am I ok . They ask me if I'm happy , Are they asking me that because of the sh-t thats been thrown at me , or am I just a little snappy , and they genuinly care most of my life its just been me and you there , and I continuosly stare at pictures of you , I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do , yeah I say it , now and you can't hear me , what the f-ck good does that do me now .... 
Looking forward to a boring day . Need somethin new to happen in my life 
Can't wait to get home . School is tiring . 
bout to eat dinner and watch my favorite show 
Goin to bed . Busy day tomorrow 
Last day of p.e. Damn . Oh well . Fun day today 
Goin out today and < PROPMALE > comin over afterwards 
bout to take a shower and get ready for later 
Watchin jackass 3 with < PROPMALE > . Haha . Love this movie 
So tired but so hungry . Eat , put on a movie and then sleep 
So very tired 
watchin tosh . o with < PROPMALE > and about to eat cinnamon rolls 
Wow . What did I do ? 
Kindve a boring day . Don't have anyone to talk to 
Watching movies and playing the original playstation Haha . 
Haha . Making burgers for the first time ever 
Wow . Burgers taste amazing 
Can't sleep . 
Not havin a very good night . Don't really feel to happy 
Watching the new Friday the 13th and about to pass out from tiredness 
My back is killing me . It hurts to move 
Watching walk hard Haha 
So tired . Don't want school today 
Little kids on a bus never stop screaming , crying , and hitting . It's very annoying 
Wanna go to sleep . 
Had a very long phone conversation Haha . Feeling pretty good right now 
Tired but can't sleep cause my room is so hot 
Stomach is killing me 
Really Creeped out that lunch ladies don't wear hair nets in my school 
Think I twisted my ankle 
dont feel very good . think i might be sick . 
Feel sick 
Hate mornings 
Today felt like forever . Hate taking tests 
\if you want to say a girl is beautiful then fart very loud in a way to where it sounds like it says beautiful\ " lmao " 
Is it just me or is getting cheated out of something you want total bs . 
So bored . :/ 
\Um . I don't have a world of warcraft account < PROPFIRST > . Butters you said you were on your computer all the time . Yea but I'm playing hello < PROPFEMALE > island adventures . \"" 
So tired . Want spring break already 
plans for spring break now . cant wait 
truth is .... 
Bout to watch my favorite show . The hard times of rj berger 
Thank god its Friday 
hate allergies ! 
allergies are seriously the gayest thing ever . my nose and my head are hurtin 
truth is ..... 
Feel like I'm sick . Guess I'm goin to bed 
Think I might be sick . 
Seethers new song is amazing . Country song-Seether 
Party was awesome . Tired now tho 
So tired . Party was amazing . 
cant believe its already sunday . cant wait for this week to be over . i wanna get out of < PROPFIRST > county and go to my brothers already 
Don't feel to great . :/ 
1 day down and i think only a few left to go until i leave < PROPFIRST > county for spring break 
really tired for some reason 
Why do I get yelled at when I didn't even do anything ? Doesn't make any sense . :/ 
Rj berger is my favorite show ever 
Might be leaving Thursday for spring break 
Leaving tomorrow for spring break . Can't wait 
Re doing my on demand for Mrs Burgess cause apparently I was cheating . Wtf ? So gay . 
School and then leaving for spring break . Today better be fast 
Going home , packing , and then off for spring break . Thank god 
Had like the longest convo I ever had today Haha . Going to sleep for tomorrow . Can't wait . 
I love being away from < PROPFIRST > county 
Eating dominos pizza and watching tv 
Wow . I actually woke up at 8 
\My names dashiki . That's swahili for doggy style \"" 
Listening to my brothers band play . Spring break is good so far 
Bout to leave to my sisters for the game . Cats better lose . 
Hate little kids . 
Don't really like you anymore :/ 
By myself all day long . Cool ? 
You my good friend . Are a bitch . Thank you for listening . 
Watching tv with my brother 
Today has been a good day 
Can't wait for tomorrow . Going to a Cincinnati reds game 
Truth is ..... 
Talking to the best person ever and watching my shows 
A lot of things on my mind right now . Really hard decisions :/ 
Cincinnati reds game today ! Can't wait to see Chapman and his 105mph fastball and < PROPFIRST > votto hit a homerun 
Leaving for the Cincinnati reds game . 
Just walked a mile . To the ballpark . Cant wait for it to start 
Baseball game was great . Really tired now . Looking after my nephew all day tomorrow 
Big day tomorrow . Really anxious 
Babysitting from 9am to 10pm . -.- 
Sick :/ 
Sick and watching after my nephew . And I'm not even getting paid 
My day just got ruined 
Hurting really bad 
Had a long day today 
Can't sleep :/ if anyone's up , text me 
Bout to leave to the mall 
Just spent 120$ at the mall 
going home tomorrow i think . :/ really dont want to go home yet 
So gay ! Everyone I was texting went to bed 
people are so stupid . anyways , going back home later . school is going to be a < PROPMALE > buzz kill 
really not in a good mood anymore :/ one thing just practically ruined my day . 
On my way home and listening to my favorite band 
Wow . A store is named Kountry Korner Kafe . Seriously ? KKK ? 
Finally home . Plans for tomorrow I hope 
Tomorrow is going to be really fun hopefully 
Hopefully tomorrow goes as planned . Really looking forward to it 
Needs to stop storming before it ruins my day 
:/ my day went from good to bad to worse . 
Thought today would be a good day but turned out otherwise 
People that think there cool because there older are really stupid . 
Really not in a good mood 
People always know exactly what to do to make you mad 
Love is worth fighting for if it means something to you . 
Wow . Started thinking of old memories and 2 hours went by . :/ miss the fun times 
Ugh . School tomorrow 
So hot in my house . 
Omg . Cannot fall asleep . If anyone's up text me . 
Psychologist claim that when you sleep while hugging a pillow or having your arms around one in some way , your pretending its the person you love and miss the most 
Not feeling to great :/ 
Today has gone by fast . Hmu ? 
So tired . Can't wait to be out of school for the summer . 
Back is killing me . Not really looking forward to tomorrow 
I went to sleep burning up and now I'm freezing 
Not feeling so good 
Really tired . Niece and nephew on there way to my house 
Today could be a lot better 
Call me a sinner , call me a saint\ 
Tell me it's over I'll still love you the same\ 
Call me your favorite , call me the worst\ 
Tell me it's over . 
Relaxing and getting things off my mind by watching the hangover 
Wish parents would acknowledge that we don't get up for school cause we want to sleep in and go later 
Health poems are so gay . 
Can't wait to just get home . Don't feel like being bothered 
Got home . Went to sleep . Just woke up . Eat . Back to sleep . Sounds good to me 
( Like ) \ 
First impression :\ 
My opinion :\ 
Like : \ 
Dislike : 
So bored . No one to talk to 
So tired . Can't wait for the weekend already 
Can't stand my class for Mrs Burgess . 
So hot outside . Think I'm gonna sleep all day again 
Today needs to be better 
Wow . Really don't know what to say . 
Well today kinda turned to crap . :/ oh well I guess . Looking forward to this weekend . 
People can really piss me off . 
Just got done shooting basketball and throwing football with my friend . Pretty relaxed now 
Anyone wanna text ? Getting bored 
Not really tired . hmu ? 
Seriously . Missed my bus . Wow 
Scream 4 tomorrow with a couple of friends . Anyone wants to come just ask 
Finally out of school . Scream 4 tomorrow 
Getting tired if certain people tryin to make me mad 
Lmao ! Funniest thing ever just happened . Im crying and laughing so hard 
Sitting at coltons . Hmu ? 
Watching scream 1 and 2 . Then tomorrow scream 3 and finally scream 4 
My favorite song\ 
http://m.youtube.com/index?desktop_uri=%2F&gl=US#/watch?xl=xl_blazer&v=PuDzAQriQP0 
Don't really know what to do . Or what to think . Or what to even believe . It all just seems like one big lie 
Just woke up . Movies later 
Lmao ! An actors name is skeet ulrich 
Bout to leave to see scream 4 
\God damnit ! Movie is fucking ruined ! \ " Lol love people in theaters " 
\Fuck < PROPMALE > Willis\ " * falls dead * lmao " 
Making hamburgers and chicken tenders . Lol 
all me a sinner , call me a saint , Tell me it's over I'll still love you the same , Call me your favorite , call me the worst , Tell me it's over I don't want you to hurt , It's all that I can say . So , I'll be on my way , I finally put it all together , But nothing really lasts forever , I had to make a choice that was not mine , I had to say goodbye for the last time 
Really tired but don't wanna sleep . Hmu ? 
So bored . Hmu ? 
Laying down looking at the ceiling . Nothing to do 
Really mad and have to listen to a dog weeze . 
Really bored . Someone talk to me . Hmu . 
Really angered and idk why . 
Bored . Anyone wanna talk ? 
< PROPFIRST > - I've said that so many times before and its always blown up in my face . \ 
Quagmire- gigity . \ 
Lmao 
So tired . Don't want school 
going to sleep watching little man Haha 
Wish I was tired so I could sleep for school . Sooo Gayyy 
Stupid Facebook chat won't load 
Omg . Either that man or woman and there hair is permanent marker black or there wasn't anyone driving that car lol blended in with the seat 
Can't wait to get home . So hot outside 
Feels so good to be Infront of a fan 
I don't think I've ever been this tired after school 
Really tired . But can't fall asleep 
No homework . Laying down relaxing . Hmu till I crash 
Today has gone by surprisingly fast 
What a shame , what a shame , to judge a life that you can't change , the choir sings , the church bells ring , so why won't you give this man his wings . 
Started off good today . Pissed now 
Reading a dumb story in English 
No homework Woohoo 
Anyone else getting ready for the supposedly bad storm tonight 
Truth is ...... 
texting < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and she is being very mean lol 
Watching an old movie lol 
Why are people on xbox so stupid lol 
Color game . Inbox me fav color and ill tell you what I think 
Neon rainbow- we talk everyday . You ripped your contact ( fail ) lol you put me in a good mood . Your pretty :) were best friends . Your mean to me Haha . 
So hot in my room while the rest of the house is cold 
Wow . Already in the basement 
Storms are gay ! 
Stomach hurts and only had like 2 hours of sleep 
Hopefully about to order pizza 
Hate people . Anyone agree ? 
Going to bed . Nothin better to do 
Wow . I'm in trouble cause apparently its my fault my dog is pregnant now 
Hate waking up in the morning 
bout to leave to scribers . woohoo 
Bout to go to bed . Bored 
School is terrible . Testing is gonna suck < PROPMALE > turkey goblets 
Really hungry 
Stayed with A's and B's all year . Cats testing next week . Gayyy 
Think I'm gonna sleep . Not real happy atm . Hmu till I sleep 
Wow . That was strangely awkward 
So glad its the weekend 
Not tired , bored , and have no plans 
Not sleeping anytime soon . Hmu ? 
Stupid storms and tornadoes . 
Idc if there's a tornado . I'm sleeping . 
>:( can't sleep ! Stupid male dog won't stop scratching on doors and its making my girl dog want out and I can't or else she could get pregnant . Fml 
Oh . My . God . That was the loudest thunder I have ever heard . I nearly pissed my pants lol 
doesnt feel like i should be up right now . really tired 
Anyone want to come over with some food ? I'm starving 
Woohoo . Snappys pizza . Cost so much money tho and I have to pay 
Laying down listening to music . Hmu 
Lol watching jumanji . Hmu 
Omg that scared me . Stupid power went out and my tv turned to static and was louder than ever . 
Went from a good mood to a bad mood . 
Bout to watch beetlejuice . Lol hmu ? 
Bored . Watching south Park . Hmu 
Watching buried . < PROPFIRST > Reynolds is the best actor ever 
This movie makes me never want to leave the country . I could not stand being buried alive 
One of the best movies I've ever seen . But the ending just makes me mad . 
Goodnight everyone 
Got a kink in my neck . Gay ! 
Can't turn my head to the right at all 
Ice is so cold it burns 
In so much pain right now 
Why does somethin always have to happen to me 
Neck is killing me . Hmu ? 
Facebook will not work on my phone . Gayy 
Neck still hurts and stupid testing now 
Not a good dat for school 
Done with testing . Have to go to 4th period Wtf 
Laying down in my bed relaxing and listening to eminem . Good plan . Hmu ? 
wow . was sound asleep until mrs. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > decided to comment on a post and wake me up from the text lol >.< 
Not tired anymore . Can't sleep lol 
Super tired 
To tired to test today 
Hate the people in my class . I have to watch how to train your dragon because of them 
Watching tv . Hmu ? 
Another hair cut tomorrow . Eh . Not really feelin it 
Question and answer game ! Inbox a question and ill answer it 
Q : what do you think of me ? \ 
A : i think your really beautiful :) your one of my best friends . Your nice but can be mean lol your funny and your a good friend 
\S is for the simplety\ 
-.- stupid storms ! Mother nature can never let a man sleep . Jeeze ! 
Wow . Its weird how one song can bring back so many memories . :/ 
Ugh !!!!!!! Just got woke up for a tornado warning 
Really tired . Want to go back to sleep 
today could have been better . hmu ? 
Getting a haircut . Gay . 
Well got my hair cut . Deff growing it back out over the summer . Just not as long 
Not feelin to great today :/ 
\I . Hate . Everything all about you . Why . Do i love you . \ " Love this song " 
Need somethin to do to take my mind off things . Anyone wanna talk ? 
Laying down watching tv . Hmu ? 
I could never stop watching the hangover lol 
To upset to sleep . :/ 
Dont have a good feeling bout today . Testing all day 
Sitting in 4th period . Cant wait to get out 
From the mountain tops , where the wind blows , To the green valleys down below . Where the snow melts and the rivers flow , I just want to live my life . Where the trees grow , and the air is clean . Where nature's free do to her thing , everything is one if you know what I mean . I just want to live my life . 
Hates being told to talk to someone and they never talk back 
Dear mother nature , \ 
Please stop storming and causing tornadoes so i dont have to get up in the middle of the night . Thanks\ 
Sincerely , \ 
Every pissed off person in kentucky 
New eminem album comes out june 12th !!!!!!! 
Being forced to watch the last song . Gay !!!!!! 
Today feels amazing outside . Did nothing but walk for \ 
2 hours 
< PROPMALE > coming over later . Hmu 
In all seriousness . The celebrity i would marry would definitely be oprah . She has so much money its not even funny . She probably craps 100$ bills . Lol 
Playing black ops with < PROPMALE > . Hmu ? 
Why am i still awake right now ? Lol im so tired 
So bored 
Playing xbox and talking on the phone 
Back and neck hurts :/ dont want testing next week 
Have the biggest head ache . Cant sleep 
Kinda upset at what i just found out 
haha wow . eminem is a bartender in the hangover part 2 . 
thanks to Keramarie Breonnah < PROPMALE > i have had an arm bruise for a week and its now yellow 
We finally got osama !!!!!!!!! F u alkida !!! 
One , two , there coming for you . Three , four , you better shoot them more . Five , six , they will blow us up with tricks . Seven , eight , lock the border gate . Nine , ten , the terrorist are coming again . Lmao 
sittin at home watching tv 
Lmao my dad is yelling at my dogs like there people and can understand him 
In an ok mood for now 
Hm . We have been looking for Osama for so long . And the guy who killed him reported that they found him riding in a jeep . Really . We couldn't find him and he was riding in a jeep 
Don't feel like writing an on demand today 
I am the shadow and the smoke in your eyes . \ 
and I am the ghost , that hides in the night . 
Just took a walk with my mom across the high school and listened about where everything use to be lol 
I own multiplication war in math lol 
\youve got enemies ? good . that means you actually stood up for something in your life\ " -EMIN3M " 
Him- wait a minute . Did you just say cock ? \ 
Her- yes . I can say cock . Cock , cock , cock , cock . Cock ! \ 
Lmao love this movie 
You make me smile ! \ 
-Jade\ 
P.s. you got hacked :) 
Starving . Really need some food 
\It's just me against the world . If you don't like me well I don't care . Cause I still don't give a fuck\ " -EMIN3M . " 
Don't want school today 
Tired of falling for tricks . I'll know them like a magician if I keep going along . 
Glad its the weekend . I have 2 days that I don't have to be around you . Thank god . 
Today didn't turn out how I hoped . 
