Wow ... Saturday night was pretty amazing ... a weekend I won't soon forget ... NO PICTURES PEOPLE ! ... I'm Trying to recover with Motrin , Starbucks and some french fries !! :-) 

The perfect ending to a long and crazy weekend is NOT Monday morning ! :-) 
OK ... I will NEVER take another excel class at work ... advanced excel should actually be ADVANCED !!! What was I thinking ... my head feels like its going to explode ... 
Tomorrow is going to be a long day ... facilitated team dynamics and conflict resolution ... Woo Hoo !! Alcohol tomorrow night anyone ? 
Drinks until 2am on Tuesday night are not recommended if you have to get up for work at 6:30 ! 
A relaxing night tonight ... and then some fun tomorrow ... I'm glad the work week is over ! 
OK , so there was WAY TOO MUCH drinking that went on last night ! Time for French Fries and Caffeine ... 
It was a LONG anjd FUN weekend ... hard to get up for work on Monday ... but gearing up for < PROPMALE > on Thursday !! 
Back to work today ... meetings , emails , and phone calls all day long ... all while being totally exhausted ! It was a great weekend , but nice to sleep in my own bed !! :-) 
OK ... catching up at work from being on vacation for only 2 work days should not take this long !!! 
Working and Packing today ... then off to Baltimore tomorrow for the 4th of July weekend !! Woo Hoo ! :-) 
Back to work after a great 4th of July holiday with MLS in Baltimore/Annapolis/Mt . Vernon ... Have rediscovered what I loved about sailing ... now to find a way to get a sailboat ... 
Ok , this was a difficult day ... thankfully the weekend is almost here !! I think I'm gonna ride tomorrow and then party on the weekend ... maybe a movie or sometihing ... anyone have suggestions about good drinks !?!?!?! Where are all the sailboats ?!?! 
So , someone is cooking me dinner tongiht , and she wanted me to tell everyone that I am a spoiled rotten brat ! The nerve !! :-) I love you Baber !!! 
Recovering from a 26 mile ride today ... putting some pork steaks on the grill and looking forward to a relaxing evening ... 
Ok ... 26 < PROPMALE > was great ... but now my whole body hurts and I am burned on my arms and neck ... OUCH ... Kevin is trying to kill me !!! Lots of work today before heading to Mayo and Chicago this week ... hopefully these 2 trips will be interesting ... 
It's gonna be a late night packing ... heading to NYC tomorrow - Tue , then off to Wichita and LA ... back to STL on 8/14 . Looking forward to sailing , Statue of < PROPFEMALE > , Broadway , great food and a ton of stuff I'm forgetting !! 
NYC was great ! In Wichita today and LA tomorrow and Friday ... back home for the weekend then back out on Monday morning to Wichita ... whew ... 
A 3 hr layover at Lambert is not my idea of fun in STL ... LA here I come !! 
Finally made it to LA ... 8 hrs of traveling in one day is a killer ... not recommended ! 
In Wichita ... survived the rain but almost needed to build an Ark ... ugh ! Heading back to STL tomorrow !! Woo Hoo ! 
In Boston ... talk about last < PROPFEMALE > trips ! 
Heading to < PROPMALE > tomorrow ... woo hoo ... and then on to SFO ! I'll see everyone on Saturday ... 
In < PROPMALE > for a few days ... back to STL on Thurs ! 
In Wichita till Friday ... at leat the weekend was fun ! :-) 
Not that I don't love it it Wichita ... cuz I do ... but need to find some new restuarants ... Def looking forward to 2 weeks in SFO ! 
Home for a week ... finally ... back out to Wichita on Monday morning ... Oh , and < PROPFIRST > Simmons is back this Halloween !!! :-D 
Trick or Treat ? Hmmmm , what would < PROPFIRST > Simmons do ? 
Finally made it to Wichita ... a broke down plane + 2 hrs of delays = 7 hours of traveling ... gotta love it ! Hopefully the week gets better than it started . 
Had a great time last night , but paid for it this morning ( well , all day really) ! 
OK ... slipping on the ICE , not so much fun ! Slipping on the ice after a few coctails , even less fun !! 
7 Hours of Conference Calls Today ... And What's This About SNOW ?!?! Can't Wait for Hawaii !! :-) 
Trting to recover from Hawaii and be productive at the same time ... not really happening at this point ... 
Getting ready for spin class ... time to loose the rest of my flab for the triathalon this summer !! Woo Hoo ! :-) 
OK ... so pinched nerves are no fun ... hopefully my left arm doesn't wind up like < PROPMALE > Dole's ... ugh ! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes !!! :-) 
Was a pretty good Easter weekend ... could not have asked for a more beautiful day . Taking tomorrow off - time to figure out this back situation ( boo to herniated disks and surgery !!! :-( 
Life just happens sometimes ... there's no telling where it's gonna take you ! Bring it on ! :-) 
Working from my \Home Office\ " today ... I cannot believe how nice it is outside ... working from Starbucks patio rules ! " 
Not the news I wanted today about my back ... one step at a time u guess ... Some coctails may be in order this weekend . 
12 cities in 8 days ... I am so ready to come home !! 
Home for 20 hours ... back out tomorrow ... I now seriously need a vacation . Drinks this weekend !! Woo Hoo :-) 
Back home for a few days ... time to unwind and have some fun before heading back out on Monday ... 
Now that was a long ( but productive ) day in Wichita ! One more then I get to come home ... woo hoo 
OK ... I LOVE the iPad 3G !! :) 
Off to Kansas tomorrow for a short trip , then no traveling for a few weeks ... YES !!! Will be nice to not have to live out of a suitcase for a while . 
There's something to be said about doing a thing that's never been done before ... Online Care is finally here , we are the first care delivery system to do it , and in time it will change the way everyone consumes healthcare ! 
Well it looks like I'm heading to < PROPMALE > to spend time with my mom for Mother's Day !! :-) 
Somebody I know just got published ... again !!! Congratulations < PROPFIRST > , very proud of you !!! 
Off to Orlando ... time to break out the swim trunks and suntan lotion !! 
People in the eTicket line should actually know how to use an eTicket ... 
Ok , I really need to stay away from the Lacoste store ... I am totally addicted and the outlet in < PROPMALE > emptied my wallet ... I love that little crocodile !! \ 
\ 
I'm gonna cry now cuz I'm broke , but at least I'll look good doing it !! :) 
Happy Mother's Day too all the moms out there ! :-) 
Heading home after a great mother's day weekend in Florida ... time to get back to work ... \ 
Oh , and someone just became a Professor at Washington University ... CONGRATULATIONS < PROPFEMALE > - so very proud of you !!! :-) 
Just because you take a few days of vacation doesn't mean the work stops ... I can't believe how many emails I have to go through ! \ 
On a brighter note , it's time to start PACKING !!! Condo is virtually done ... woo hoo !!! :-) 
There's something that's just plain wrong about doing work on a vacation day ! No Mas !! 
Running errands all day ... hair cut ... then packing ... ugh !! 
Packing the entire weekend sucks ... I am never gonna move again !! 
Well , it's goodbye Jeep Commander , hello Prius ... looks like I'm a hybrid driver ... oh to be \green\ " !!! :-) " 
My Walk-Through is tomorrow ... keeping my fingers crossed that there's nothing big that will need fixed ... scheduled to take possession and move in on Friday !... FINALLY !!! :-) 
Oh man is it hot in vegas !!! 
In Wichita for the week ... talk about F . U . N ... ugh 
Back from Annapolis ... looking forward the holiday weekend ! Wow , just realized I haven't posted in weeks ... 
Sitting on the deck enjoying a bottle ... err glass ... of vino . Nice to be home for a change ! \ 
Oh , and all of those pictures are totally \taken\ " out of context !! There is a perfectly rational explanation for each and every one ... :) " 
Working from Starbucks this afternoon ... and loving it ! 
Someone I know just got an interview for PGY1 residency at Johns Hopkins !!! :) \ 
It doesn't get much better than that ... 
A week of traveling ahead ... STL to DFW to ICT on mon . ICT to ORD to YYZ ( Toronto ) on Wed . YYZ to ORD to BUF on Thurs . BUF to ORD to STL on Fri ... ugh !!!! 
Ok , well it looks like survey #7 on my right knee is happening on Feb 11th ... ugh . I think I need a night out before this goes down ... 
Hey guys ... thank you for the birthday wishes !!! Do any of you know the secret to making these gray hairs stop !?!? :) 
