100+ Degrees and no A.C. for the next 3 or 4 days >,< god kill me now ! 

Cant here out of my right ear now lol 
discovered that my M4 has a 5.56 barrel . :D 
Just got done moving to Missouri . 
Job hunting , yay 
Fuck'n aye i dont know what to do ... 
is waiting for the < PROPFEMALE > recruiter to show up . 
Will hopefully be a US < PROPFEMALE > by the end of next year . 
Wow , i was so tired after running this morning i actually forgot to wash my hair when i took a shower and am just now realizing it . :S 
Going to class at 1:00 . 
Thunder storming ! 
Running time . 
Just ran 2 < PROPMALE > 
If you choke a Smerf what color does it turn to ? 
I feel like i'm sick but the only ailment i have is a runny nose . 0 . o 
Is a little drunk , lolz 
Need foodz 
Is half way to Council Bluffs . Just 4 more hours of driving , oh joy . 
Oh , btw , Happy Halloween ! 
Is LoLing at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ( muh sister ) getting pissed off at COD4 trying to beat Vet mode . :D 
My arms are sore , Effing Wii ... 
I get my high speed internet back next Monday ! Fuckz ya !! :D 
Got MW2 ! :D 
Fire Tracer is back on LIVE !!! :D 
-2° woot , lol 
< PROPMALE > got a tattoo . LoLz 
Just got back form seeing Sherlock Homes , great movie ! 
My friggon head herts . >.< 
Is now in Oklahoma . 
And i thought New York City was going to get some snow , LOL !... God i'm glade i'm out of that place . :D 
Snowed in in Cincinatti FTFW ! 
< PROPMALE > got herself a new ( slightly loved ) Shotty today , lol 
Zombieland is a totally awesome effing movie ! 
Why do my xbox wirless heads sets keep breaking ? >.< 
Holy crap , it thundering so hard its shaking the walls and floor !! lol 
Just found out how nub-tastic playing 1v1's on Gamebattles is . >.< 
Oh the joy of selling crap on ebay . :D 
Damn it all to hell and back agen . : / 
Job hunting , yay ... 
Thunder storms and tornado warnings , oh my ! 
Hippie's on weed belive some of the wierdest shit , lol . ( some random dude on xbl ) 
Why is it that the second i get everything i need to get my license my damn truck dies ? >.< 
Just saw Ironman 2 , it was ok ... 
Yay , my router quit working . 
Just got back from the hospital . Guess my mom has another kidny stone . 
Whent to the pool and got some sun , now i'm waiting for the inevitable burn . haha 
is palying Super < PROPFIRST > Galaxy , hellz ya . 
Yay , the trucks finaly fixed ! 
Just got back from class , now it nom nom time . 
Should be at class right now !!!!! >.< 
Civlization on the 360 is actually a pretty fucking cool game . 
Up before the sun , oohrah . 
In Council Bluffs getting a CB radeo intsalled into my truck , lol . 
Getting gas , than on the road agen . 
And 12 hours later we're back ... 
Happy 4th everyone ! 
VGA cable saves the day ! 
MoA beta sucks soooooooo much ass .... : ( 
I hate reserve prices . T_T 
Life just got a little bit better ... Also , its fucking HOT ! 
Hacking some ramdom neighbors internet FTW , lol . 
Drivers test tomorrow , joy , haha 
Got the DL , w00t ! 
How many noobs would a noob tube tube if a noob could tube noobs ? 
Got my contacts earlier , yay for not needing glasses !! 
Fucking iTunes >_< 
is < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Sorta kinda almost moved in . 
HUNGRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !!!! 
Went bar hopping last night , had a pretty good time . 
Just got back from the range , vids up later . ( lolz @ < PROPMALE > ) 
Haha , i turned my xbox on and it showed one red light in the bottom left side , i almost shat myself . Turned it off then back on an now its all good . 
I feel like a hamster ... And i'm not saying way ... ;D lol 
When in doubt ... ahh ... ahh ... GOD DAMMIT !! 
Off to < PROPMALE > City with the Army recruiter in a bit . 
Recruiter trip canceled , back to bed i go ! 
Got done taking the ASVAP at 12:05 and got an unofficial score of 57 , get the official score on Friday but either way i'm set . :D 
Been cutting down trees all morning and now i have a head ache , haha 
Fucking LOLing my ass of while Lungy is singing karioke , god I wish I brought my video camera !! xD 
Went to < PROPMALE > City at 5am to take the GED test , went to the Cap building and got a picture in front of the Governors office , got back home at around 2pm , helped vote out the Democrats , then i ate a McChichen ... I think its been a productive day . ;D lol 
Went grocery shopping and can back with a ferret , how happen ? lol 
Got my GED today so now i'm officially edumahcated and shitz , lol . :D 
And now its snowing , lol . 
Starts collage on the 13th . 
Got a call from my recruiter this morning , an opening came up and I might be able to enlist in the Army without having to get 15 collage credits first ! :D 
< PROPFIRST > Foreman grill = best cooking device ever . 
Took my laptop apart to check to see how easy it will be to swap out the CPU and found a big-ass dust < PROPFEMALE > in the fan . Put it back together and now it doesn't get hot anymore , f'n pro am i ryt ? hehe 
And moms in the hospital , joy . 
Collage = slow . * sigh * 
God it's snowing like a bitch outside . lol 
Things I learned from watching MSNBC : 22lr is a cop killing bullet , 7.62 is an anti aircraft artillery ( AAA ) round and Glock ( if they wanted to ) could make a pistol completely out of plastic . I'm so glad the media doesn't lie to me and keeps me informed about these things . 
For the love of god , why do they let hippies write college text books ? 
I feel like the more I participate in class , the more I'm somehow being drawn into a cult . lol 
Some of the movie previews they showed during the SB looked pretty interesting . 
Does anyone have a spare 48 hour code for XBL ? 
All's well that ends well ... I hope . 
Holy fuck it's nice outside ! 
Mmmm , Girl Scout cookies . 
Will have a P99 by next week ! : D 
Is now technically employed , woot ! 
Talked with my recruiter , might be heading off to MEPS on Sunday . 
I was going to go to MEPS on Tuesday but the Army needs to check the credibility of the University of Phoenix . lol 
Just got back from the shooting range with < PROPFIRST > . We rented an SR9 , good gun but it felt a little bulky in my hands . 
Recruiter just called me , I can join the Army now without having to get 15 credits !! I'm off to MEPS on Monday and then to boot camp at the next available date ! 
Oh joy , it's snowing again ! 
