has lost his phone . Please use Facebook to contact me . Thanks . 

... Up early and about to set out . Also : First official status update in months . :p 
is not feeling well . 
has mysteriously recovered thanks to TLC from friends . LOL . 
is SO psyched despite the mountain of work I still have to do . :P 
is so frustrated !!! Frackin ' apple won't let me download ONE PICTURE OFF IT'S FRACKIN ' STUPID PIECE OF DONKEY DROPPINGS IPOD TOUCH WITHOUT IT'S FRACKIN ' BRAND NAME APP !!! So ... when I fork over stupid the app ., what happens ? STUPID MOZILLA WON'T LET ME Do IT !!! GOD I HATE YOU APPLE AND YOUR TERRIBLE PRODUCTS !!! That's why you get pirated and hacked all the frackin ' time . GAH !!! >:( 
took some time to relax . sigh . its ' not about the ipod being stupid . its about me not getting what i want when i want it . phew . calm now . :P 
suddenly felt bummed . he feel that , in his own longing to live a unique life and adapt uniquely to all of life's ups and valleys , he created his own reality of isolation . its not so much a physical or social isolation , but more like ... emotional . can i really relate to anybody outside of video games , anime , sci-fi , and the internet ? :/ 
okay , emo time over ! just finished my presentation ! yay ! :p 
wishes he could be a student forever , poverty and all . Off we go . Thought of the day : If only you could see how much I've grown , Javs . 
Wow , Midterms . You suck . You made me fall unconscious ... LOL . So anybody else just wake up suddenly in mid text to one of your closest friends ? Raise hand for \aye\ " ... \ 
is psyched about his Halloween costume assembly . ' tis awesome , it is . :D 
Little Tokyo II : The Return to Little Tokyo : Tokyo's Revenge !!! 
does not feel well . White blood cells ... losing ... battle ... need ... to ... replenish ... flu -- :: collapses on keyboard :: \ 
skdjfksajfkjdklfjalkfjdlkajfkdsjalkjflkajlkdjaflkasjflkdajflkhkjakl 
recites \Man hands misery to man ... \"" 
sends out distress signal : Hey , Everyone . I normally do not talk about my personal life but it is relevant to address everyone as many of you are my closest friends on Facebook . Due to ridiculous circumstances , I will be a homeless person following the next thirty days . Please relay all info to my email address and facebook . Thanks everyone . 
asks if you can meet him halfway ? /down by the borderline is where he is going to wait/for you . 
just wants to make it official : I am officially enrolled in Cal State Poly as of today ! :D 
still does not get the expression \it is what it is\ " . Um ... like ... does it mean that the situation is obvious and does not need to be explained any ... further ? Is it the title of a song ? Is it ... a mineral ? :/ " 
:/ 
is psyched for tomorrow's bake sale and costume contest . THERE WILL BE CAKE !!! AND PICTURES !!! >:D 
greet a hearty halloween to all his chums . All guys : Be creative and ridiculous with your costumes . All girls : don't mind he excessive smexehness one bit ... ;P 
is feeling the burnout . I'm still proud though : two and a half years of work and school with no rest in between getting my life together . :P I win !!! 
will vote for Proposition 19 , perhaps making him the only person in California who is not a user but still sees the benefits outweighing the negative in legalizing the substance . Happy trails ! :p 
attacks < PROPFEMALE > !!! CRITICAL HIT !!! < PROPFEMALE > lost an average of 200 HP !!! < PROPFEMALE > suddenly bursts into flames !!! < PROPFIRST > is dealt a mortal blow !!! < PROPFIRST > falls unconscious ... 
is bummed about the time change , among other things . :( 
is stoked ! Conan's Back !!! 
just finished watching both episodes of The Walking Dead . Leave it to a TV show about friggin ' zombies to be more emotionally charged than 90 percent of TV today . :') Love it . 
wants to make an early announcement for the upcoming four day weekend : So ... I'm planning an event on Friday evening or Saturday evening . Taking Suggestions : Will execute plan by thursday evening . 
:'( 
: Hated by children and twenty-somethings everywhere . :p 
random new topic : bears invade metropolis ! :p 
: Difficult Test Defeater . 
: TGI ... W ? :D 
announces cancelled weekend plans . 
plans are still on ! Guitar Hero/Rock Band BBQ at my house sound good ? :D 
gonna go eat shabu-shabu . Anyone want to join me ? 
dreads to use the word \bored\ " ... but ... yeah ... bored . :/ " 
warns all friends to stay away from SKYLINE . HORRIBLE HORRIBLE movie . So bad , it's bad . Even my heckling couldn't make it any better . :/ 
gotta keep going . I'm actually gonna be somebody ... I can't believe it ... :D 
apologizes : no bbq tomorrow due to neighbors and relatives being sick . I'm sorry . 
regardless , still takes championship for reigning staying up late award ! :P 
Night , all . 
< PROPFIRST > PILGRIM !!! ... Found super special edition with < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The Animation . Available for rent for only THREE HUNDRED DOLLARS PER MINUTE !!! 
flashes his < PROPMALE > Potterdom : I will be attending the midnight show tomorrow . Anyone is free to join me @ Krikorian Theatre in Downey . 
will not be anticipating much from < PROPMALE > potter because the deathly hallows was pathetic as a book . if you all want to know why , send me a spoiler !!! comment and ill send it to your inbox to avoid any spoilers . 
:D 
puts on his best Slytherin Gear and loads up anti-harry potter nerd rounds for shotgun : GROOVY ! \ 
\ 
had to endure the worst kind of torture for a movie that , while the best film for its ' series to date , only succeeds in making the source material weaker . Seriously , J.K. Rowling ? Do this : Go back your University where you majored in English or whatever . Beg them to let you in . Next , take a course that involves these two concepts : Avoiding Deus Ex Machina and Building a Consistent Plot . STUDY WELL . 
now owns a copy of Black Ops . Not that there is six more games in the backlog or anything ... LOL . :D 
is gonna do something he hasn't done for a long time . Sit down . Put on some music . AND PLAY SOME FUCKING VIDEO GAMES !!! :: TAN TAN :: 
Cold and Rainy . 
don't say my name , < PROPMALE > . You're bugging me with it . GAH !!! 
has made a full recovery , though not alone . Whether it was saving my life , joking around with me or telling me I'm awesome helped me come back to life . Thanks everyone . 
is still not sleepy . Maybe it's the nap I took earlier lol . 
is on a mission : find and complete Eat , Pray , Love . Follow up with argument premises against book's pretentiousness and false dilemma . Begin . 
mission success : found eat , pray , love at library of all places ( ha ! ) . found an awesome used books store that sells all books for ones dollar , including comic books . proceeded to update comic book collection and divulged in trivia books ! :D 
writes to < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert : So , my answer to life's hardships comes from a indonesian medicine man who's good at reading body language and promoting behavioral reinforcement ? Wow , who would have thought my local psychic lady has MAGICK SPIRITUALIFIC POOOOWERZ ! 
is starting to think assumptions can only be made by the logically sound . Considering my current grade in applications in logic , i should have learned something by now ... :/ 
can't wait for Thanksgiving Sleep-In . :( 
Happy Non-Denominational Turkey Day , Y'all!!! :D \ 
Hope you all slept in like I did ... LOL . 
doesnt know what everybody elses schedule looks like but ... my thanksgiving family dinner ends early due to nearly everyone working early tomorrow . im up for something after seven ; anyone up for anything , please text ! :D 
today at 12:00 ... Black Friday ... Game Stop ... :D 
I can dance now !!! OMG !!! Who would have though clubs could be so fun ?! :D 
:) 
had a fun night but also came to a conclusion : sometimes , you can really mess up and the only right decision is to let go . If I continue to be stubborn , then I'll only mess it up even more by creating tension and stress . In this case , it is better to be forgotten than a bad memory . 
felt normal for once ; getting part time work all this week helps . :) 
probably indugled too much but : damn it if TGIF food isn't yummy ! :D 
TEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED !!! 
knows it's early , but the car radio gave me a sudden epiphany : what if < PROPFIRST > Bieber is this generation's equivalent to Boy Bands and The Spice Girls ? I mean , think about it ... Every single song they sang was equally horribly written and was supplemented by the most basic of pop beats : yet ALL TEENAGE GIRLS ( and some guys ) ate it up ! 
has seen two of the best cartoon profile pics thus far : < PROPFIRST > SAN < PROPMALE > AND FREAKAZOID !!! 
declares an emergency : WE NEED ONE MORE PERSON FOR THE AFHV FUNDRAISER ! ANYONE ? PLEASE ?! LOL . 
find himself in a dungeon . He does not remember who he is and how he got there . North of him is a flask . To the West of him is a chair . To the East of him is a skeleton . \ 
What will you do ? 
is your Loremaster . This game is open to all brave adventurers . See next comment to begin your adventure ! 
next adventure begins Friday ! For now , finals preparation ... >:3 
next facebook adventure begins Friday ! 
Hey , Facebook Friends . It's been fun , but I will be deleting this Facebook come Finals . I will no longer need it . Please know that I appreciate all of you for having been my friends ... but I beseech that you forget about me and do not seek me out . I don't know what love and I do not know how to express it but I can say that I did care for you all deeply . Don't come find me . Goodbye . 
snaps out of his despair and returns back into the scene . I also want to apologize if I worried everyone : I've been very hard on myself and I feel I'm not doing enough even though ... I AM doing enough and then more . When I saw you guys asking me to come back ... I knew I had to stay . : ' D 
Project COMPLETE !!! :D ... two more and a est i got in the bag ... spirits rising ! 
is beginning to infer from reading comments that the < PROPFIRST > game is played as such : You assign a person a random number and talk smack about them or discuss things only you would know as a friend of that person on-line without anyone knowing the number but you and whoever assigned a number to you . You win the game if you guess who that person is , I guess ? 
worries that tomorrow might be the end ... :/ 
has never been in a more precarious situation in his life . Finals week has so much and gravity and weight : the grades I get there will determine my future from here on out . One will lead to great things , the other leads to ... I'm not sure . But its ' ugly . 
keeping morale up : I did extremely well in this first final . 
can't believe how much weight he's gained . Can any of you guys help me lose it after finals ? I'm pretty athletic despite my weight . I at 55 push ups , 64 sit-ups , and a 16 minute mile and a half . Help ! :( I also need food diet tips . 
is just gonna stand there and watch you burn/but that's alright/because I llke/tthe way it hurts/just gonna stand there and watch you cry/but that's alright beacause I love the way you lie/I love the way you lie ... And then I found out Rihanna sings it FML . 
suddenly takes the time to realize just how fortunate he really is ... even more than that ... very lucky . 
is going to murder finals the same way finals killed his parents the night they left the theatre !!! >:3 
is the presentation , project and final examination destroyer . 
misses < PROPFEMALE > Maranon . :( 
made it back . 
won't be going to the banquet on saturday and will have nothing to do with Psi Beta ever again . 
feeling better . 
woke up from the longest nap ever . I passed all classes . Moving on . 
initiating exercise program protocol 1 : Run for thirty minutes , Push up and sit up endurance , end with thirty burpees . 
posts up grades for semester : B B A B C C . Cumulative G.P.A : 3.52 . Current Mood : Relieved . 
feels like something's missing . Can't explain it ... :/ 
realizes it's actually quite simple : I miss my IPod Touch ... :( 
since when did California and Washington State have a Freaky Friday ? 
just saw and talked to the most beautiful girl ever . i let rule number one slide and got what i deserved : she was a lesbian out with her gf . FML . 
just saw the most beautiful girl ever . i let rule number one slide and got what i deserved : she was a lesbian out with her gf . FML . 
is running tomorrow , rain be damned . >:) 
< PROPMALE > Rising , < PROPMALE > Rising 2 , Red < PROPMALE > Redemption , Left 4 < PROPMALE > , Evil < PROPMALE > , Evil < PROPMALE > II , < PROPMALE > or Alive , < PROPMALE > on Arrival , The Grateful < PROPMALE > ... Etc . Anymore ? 
really enjoyed tru grit : highly recommended . 
can't wait for 2011 . 
is now a Metalocalypsehead !!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOTHINNNNNNG !!! 
if anyone wants to text , I downloaded an Application for my itouch : For the mean time , text me at 845 669 1259 . text y'all soon . 
New phone to make up for loyal reliable one ... :/ 
knows the sound of one hand clapping . It sounds like ... Metal . 
Anyone have this ? It's an awesome idea but a bit confusing ... good sleep aid though . 
Wow , I just experienced the Quiet Dream with Inception the app http://inceptiontheapp.com 
Is not good at apahlahgizing . I guess what I'm trying to say is : were musicians not professional apahlahgizers . 
thinks Dr. < PROPFIRST > Duva is one of the funniest , brilliant professor he has ever had . And , yes , I am sober , functioning , and am not being coerced or threatened . Lesson learned : rumors only add to unnecessary anxiety when choosing professors .. 
can't wait for tomorrow ! :D 
is really worried about Kiwi . He can't meow ... like if his throat is sore . :( 
is actually feeling sick ... damn Empath link with my cat ... Grrr ... must contact Counselor Troi . :D 
' s confession time : Nothing makes me laugh harder than that one commercial where they elect the girl with Down Syndrome to be elected Prom < PROPFEMALE > . :: Begins to laugh hysterically for the next ten minutes :: 
dreamed he was a komodo dragon , going about biting and eating prey with venom filled saliva . Then I woke up , I was the same as ever ( boring ) and the komodo dragon kept terrorizing New Zealenders . But I wonder : was I dreaming that I was the Komodo Dragon or was the Komodo Dragon dreaming about me ? \ 
I can make even Chaung Tzu awesome . 
went to go to see Black Swan . I had no problem with it ; it was a thought-provoking , deeply disturbing movie but I can't help but feel many people who have watched it are coming out with completely baffling interpretations of the film . Everyone and their mother wants to < PROPFEMALE > this movie as another A Beautiful Mind and seemingly ( and erroneously ) slapping Ye Olde Hollywood Schizophrenia tag on it and calling it a day . 
Hopes something goes down this weekend . I miss mah frienz ... sniff sniff ... :( 
is pretty beat . Can't wait for tomorrow . New Full Cabinet ! Yay ! :D 
not looking forward to Helping Relations . :/ 
:/ ... today's atmosphere wasn't doing well for anyone . 
test tomorrow . GRAH !!! 
: Constitution God 
can always party on his own . :: Collapses on desk from exhaustion :: 
Agrees with Dr. Duff : I can proudly say I drafted , edited and built a constitution for a club . Also , I feel accomplished : like I'm starting a legacy ... 
now shares the complete Big Bang Theory series with < PROPFIRST > and Edgar : I has season 2 ! :D 
' s lyrics to his ringtone : Over and over it calls to your soul/say it isn't so/emptiness surrounds you/no one can help if the angels refuse to come near . 
is starting to feel that this semester is pretty lame ... :/ 
wonders if there is a proper name to those lines that are created when a woman wears a tight blouse but her breasts are large enough to pull it tightly across her bust line . Am I the only one who notices this ? I'm scared . 
thinks the only reason why love conquers all is because evil works alone , has a poor self esteem , and doesn't get enough support . 
answers a question I posed to myself long ago : Yes ; it is possible to leave a motivational presentation/lecture/demonstration feeling less motivated than before attending such an event . 
is not a fan of college poetry , the older brother of bad high school poetry . 
Wonders who else had work or school ? I sure as hell did ... -_- 
makes that sound when air moves through your lips : :: thrrrrrrrpppppphhhhh :: 
thinks some guys got it some guys don't . Simple . :D 
' s final message : don't come look for me . I will eventually be found . 
continues his 2nd day on the road to Pokemon Mastery in the arts of Pokemon Black . Fourth Badge GET !!! 
finds it somewhat messed up that the only concern I can find within myself about Japan's Earthquake-Tsunami Extraveganzza are the following : 1 . ) Will this postpone the Nintendo 3DS launch ? 2 . ) How many DS's , PSP's , PS3s , Anime/Hentai Figurines and DVD's will we find over the next following year washing up ashore ? and 3 . ) How large is the effect size of the Earthquake going to affect the pacific ? 
had a ball at Friscoe's!!! :D 
is really upset . I need someone to talk to that's not family ... 
just realized that my computer is a time machine : I turned in an assignment on March 14 , 2010 !!! 
just woke up after having gone two days with a combined sleep total of seven hours ! :D 
is it wrong that I am a grown man in his mid 20's and really psyched about wanting to see he movie Sucker Punch , even if it's every teenage boy's fantasy come alive ? :D 
Is inspired . 
