\We have a natural compulsion to fill empty spaces \"" 

I LOVE IZZY 
is chillin ' with cate . fun stuf ... :D 
is going to the music store soon and then the gym :D yay ! 
login ' offffff 
blah , bored ... talk2me . 
my parents won't let me die my hair blue . or green , or purple for that matter . my dad is hesitant to let me die it primary yellow because he says i'll never get a boyfriend , so i said it could be concidered a previntative measure against teen pregnancy . p 
can't sleep , again . 
\Who's your opponent ? He doesn't exist ! Why does he not exist ? Because he is merely a dissenting voice to the truth I speak ! \"" 
:D 
Can't wait ' till camp next week :D and then school ! yay !!! 
why is it that every church consignment on craig'slist was one the 15th ? i swear to god , i think im about to combust . 
mehhhhhhhhhhh ,,,,, immmmmmm soooooooooooooooooo booooooorrrrrrreeeeeeeeedddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd ........................................... help . 
is the happiest girl in the world <3 
just had the best day of her life . amazing show/preformance , went fantasticly . got some new clothes , and just got off the phone after talking to the most amazing guy i could ask for <3 
it just keeps gettin ' better 
is watching the \truth about youth\ " movie marathon . im a sucker for lifetime movies : D " 
no one would riot for less 
look at the amount of bars on your phone , turn it up-side-down , wait a second , then look at the bars again . the service is better if you turn it upside down . 
highschool is so lame . and i still see no problem with leather pants . 
just finished typing my creative writing assignment . i hate school , i wish i had the ability to hibernate for extremely long periods of time . yeah , that would be pretty sweet . unlike my creative writing class . 
everybody and their brother has dropped creative writing , and today was the last day it was possible to drop it . so now im pretty much stuck . mrs. brokly-ing-ten or whatever her name is refuses to reconize that this has somthing to do with her , shes friggin oblivious . 
can someone send me a gift on farmville ? 
i have recently found myself becoming increasingly addicted to farmville and mafiawars . i have sacrificed the majority of my social life to feel my addiction . it's tragic really . 
thank sweet baby jesus , the doctor that saved buddah from obesity , the brand of rubber gloves zeus used to hold his lightning bolt , its friday . ( tsbjtdtsbfotborgzuthhlbit ) the new tgif . 
one of our family's foriegn(spelled wrong ? ) exchange students ( humyung ) turned me on to this music group thingy thats apparentlly a rather large deal in Korea at the moment , and this song is friggin addicting . youtube \sorry sorry\ " it's the first video . " 
i just fixed my farm , so now im loggin off , nighty night facebook :D 
nevermind facebook , im not tired , i slept all day . 
now im logging off again . 
haha , i just earned 5 farmville ribbons in the past hour . i have no life . 
famis fixed for now . im going to try to sleep . 
I've seen your flag on the marble arch , love is not a victory march , it's a cold and its a broken hallelujah . 
logggingk oof . 
< PROPMALE > , my chat isn't working :( sorry . 
creative writing assignment . grrrrrr . 
does anyone have mrs. brockly-wits (???) for creative writing , and have the requirements for the poem about the most embarassing happening you have experienced , or whatever it is ? 
meh . nothing fun to do . text me , or maybe i'll text you , or maybe not , but still text me . or call me , or just randomly drop by . any of that would be great from anyone . exept maybe the principle , yeah that woudn't be so great . but yea , so make that happen . that would make you the bomb-digity . 
Would anybody care to explain the lack of video or audio interveiws with Owl City ? 
this is so not happening 
is painting her shoes , give me some ideas . 
nevermind , no more ideas needed . i've just decided to paint my shoes with and owl city theme . or should i make it the beatles ? ok , input please . im not good at these decisions . i have them taped and im about to prime them , so make it quick , im gonna start them soon . 
My dad has got some wierd friends ... 
was suprised to look at parent assistant and see that her grades were half b's and half a's . no c's or d's or f's . this is fantastic . im actually not failing for the first time since like 4th grade . 
creative writing short story due tomorrow , and i don't know what to write about . this is great . 
ok facebook , i call upon your help once again : i need ideas for a short story due tomorrow . it doesn't have to be an amazing idea or anything , just something so i don't ruin my grade with a zero . help plz . 
researching masks in greek theatre . 
yup yup yup . 
meh . 
this is boring . boring boring boooooorrrrrriiiiinnnnnngggg . taaaaaaaaallllllllllkkkkkkkkkk toooooooooooooooooooo mmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . 
My homework is done , I have tea , and I'm fixing my farm . I am one happy camper :D 
nighty night facebook , text me . 
With izzy and < PROPFEMALE > 
lol , best worst pickup line ever : \i lost my < PROPMALE > bear :( can i sleep with you tonight \"" 
Just doesn't know how to compliment people . 
Is working on getting the last fake nail off of her hand . Some people just aren't cut out for this kinda stuff . 
OH MY GOD ITS JUST NOT COMING OFFFFFFFF !!!! FML . 
I GOT IT ! I GOT IT ! that was the most painful friggin ' thing i have ever experienced . like , physically painful . i thought they would never come off . 
going to bed :/ 
can't sleep 
how classy . 
is back home now . great night , < PROPFIRST>'s , then ctc class , then humyung's birthday , now facebook , and youtube . :) 
bored bored bored bored 
Facebook , i need your help , what should be humyung's american name , help soon ,, my dad's trying to name him \bubba \"" 
ok , they've shot down all my ideas for humyung's american name , i had some good ones to : < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Lancelot , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , all shot straight down . wtf ? 
Oh my god . This dude name < PROPFIRST > Dwyer just popped up on my suggested friends , AND HE WAS SO HOT . I was about to add him , and then i saw that we only have 3 mutual friends , so i would pretty much be a stalker . So yea , that still made made my night . Just seeing him in a picture . God . 
seriusly , watch it . it's pretty awesome . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGE8LzRaySk 
School .... meh . 
Theatre was abnormal . Purhaps our pedagogue should practice < PROPFEMALE > , instead of opening a pandora's box of parody and profane and otherwise presumtuous disscusion . propriety is pervasive , as is puerility . so please , peruse the consept of < PROPFEMALE > . Hahahahahahaha . 
Is reserching togas 
Is about to leave for musical theatre . Can't wait :) 
Has turned her Farmville into a hedge maze . lol :) 
Login ' off . Text . 
Home , alone , and bored 
School .... :/ 
is about to consume some fried rice . < PROPFIRST > Rosen is a happy camper . 
Does YOUR mother know ? 
\Shame is nothing but a product of education . \"" 
Bored , tired , lame . Talk to me/txt . 
\Going to church doesn't make you any more of a christian than going to McDonnads makes you a hamburger . \"" 
Who else is going to the variety show tonight ? 
Just got back from costume shopping . I'm so excited . 
Has decided to become a Circus Conductor . How might one go about becoming a Circus conductor ? Is there a specific career path for highschool and college and such ? Purhaps i should visit the school counsler and find out . if anybody has a Circus conducting relative , please let me know . 
I love you , i do . 
Just finished typing the midterm myth paper for brokington . 
Food Time . 
I kissed your lips you pulled my hair it was the craziest thing . I love the girls who hate to love because they're just like me . \ " , 2009-11-02 02:11:03 " 
More people need to start playing roller coaster kingdom , like , pronto . 
Is very bored . 
off to bed :) 
the game was alright , rather cold actually . I have yet to regain my full body heat . Loggining off now , call and texxxt me ;) 
Is getting off .. 
off to school ... :/ 
researching for odyessy of the mind meeting friday ( because i am a good little subordinate lol ) 
gag . 
Is not eating until her retarded father revokes his declaration stating that she is not allowed to go to Macbeth with my mother . The last showing is on Sunday , he has until then or he will have to endure watching his only daughter slowly disinigrate before his eyes . 
Late nights get so boring . 
Finished my homework , now relaxing and painting :) i am a happy camper 
movies with izzy and < PROPFEMALE > :D 
Is thankful for my dearest friends and my fondest memories , for life , for love , for being free of sickness and disease , for the things that made me grow , and for not having had a paper cut in a very long time . Yeah , i think that's a solid list . 
Is watching a video on wet-felting technique in relation to the construction of hats . Fun stuff . 
Is OBSESSED with her new heels , 5 inches of awesome extract . I'm never taking these off . God i love shoes . 
learning to play wild thing on accoustic 
\Take this time to ease your mind . Don't we all got troubles ? Ain't we all just fine ? \"" 
Is totally diggin ' < PROPFEMALE > O and The Kids , listening to their album makes me feel like a little kid again :D 
\Thou shalt continually reorient thyself and society to reduce the reactionary propensities that lead to abberated consequences such a stealing and murder\ " -The Gospel of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
\Love is nothing more than an action . \ " - R.A.G.C. " 
Movies with < PROPFEMALE > :D 
\Love is nothing more than an action \"" 
\What is simple in the moonlight by the morning never is\ " - Bright Eyes " 
Well I'll confess all of of my sins , after several large gins , but still I'll hide from you , hide what's inside from you . And alarm bells ring when you say your heart still sings , when you're with me . Won't you please forgive me ? But I no longer hear the music . 
No one is ever awake . How irritating . 
Once again , nobody is ever awake . 
\Once on a yellow piece of paper with green lines he wrote a poem And he called it \ " Chops\ " because that was the name of his dog And that's what it was all about . \"" 
Jesus , i'm going to spend the next week trying to burn off thee five pounds i just gained at < PROPMALE>'s . Worth it . 
... 
Ungrounded . 
Has decided on the breed of hedgehog to get : albino . 
Nighty-night 
why is it that so many people are now putting pokemon as their FB pictures ? 
Goodmorning sunshine ! lol 
New phone , same # text me though so i can save your number , therebye saving time . thanks :D 704-839-9332 
Today was fun , just got bac from izzy's house :D hit me up 
Can't sleep 
Just found her favorite CD ever . Sweetheart 10 ' . Uhm yes . 
New Years Resolutions :\ 
-Be more rational\ 
-Continue to focus on values\ 
-Stop being afraid\ 
-Finish things that I've started more often\ 
-Be more productive 
Absolutely does not want to accept the impending assault of the overly bright lights and uncomfortably stuffy enclosures of pseudo knowledge and pedantry that calls itself public school . But it's inevitable , and so she accepts it . 
it's days like these . hate my life . 
Hands , touching hands , reaching out . Touching me , touching you . Oh , sweet Caroline , Good times never seem so good . I've been inclined to believe it never would . 
Black lace :D 
Nitghty night . 
how about you be a bit more ridiculous , moron . 
Just finished the last batch of penut butter cookies ( from scratch ! ) about to leave for o.m. 
You've been acting awful tough lately , Smoking a lot of cigarettes lately , But inside , you're just a little baby . It's okay to say you've got a weak spot . You don't always have to be on top . Better to be hated than love , love , loved for what you're not . 
bored . Can't sleep . 
Oh my god . check this out . mindblowing http://notdoppler.com/multitask.php 
ungrounded . my exam grades made me pass with a B average . 
\Why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? \"" 
Stress . 
Can't wait for the circus on sunday :D 
i was thirsty , so i went to the frigde to get some juice , but we only had regular craberry juice , and white grape juice , so i figured if i mixed them together it would be like crangrape juice . but i was wrong . the white grape juice is overbearing , and juice mixture is discusting , but i hate drinking water , so i'm drinking it . 
Just printed tabs to 6 of my favorite songs , i'll be busy for a while :D 
Can't sleep . 
simplified philosophical concepts . wildly ignored definition of debate . simple , simple , simple . so many people just don't even try to learn or grow . 
let's get < PROPMALE > and give everybody nice sweaters , and teach them how to dance , let's get < PROPMALE > and build our house on a mountain , making everybody look like ants , from way up there , you and I , you and I . 
time for school . 
is happy . 
is not about to let a stupid class , and stupid people who lack basic reasoning skills get her down . 
Etsy is pretty sexy , i'm not gonna lie 
Call me ms. flinstone , i can make your bed rock ;D 
Valentines day in a few hours . i sorta want to see if Izzy Dipalo will let me jion her in watching the texas chainsaw massecre . 
You are my sweetest downfall , i loved you first , i loved you first . 
So , this dog showed up on our front porch like 5 minutes ago , and now he's just walking around my household and just jumped on my parents bed lol . i like him already . it's a large black terrior male dog . if it's yours , let me know , we're trying to get it back to it's home . 
haha , the dog left 
I'd like to double your entendre ;D 
Is Happy . 
Hahahahahahha . Ahhh life . 
Life . 
of coarse , the Pericles callbacks had to be on the same day as the oddesy of the mind competition . because life would just be a little bit too great if something worked out for once . 
asdsdfh meh . bored . 
i didn't ever think i\d ever be able to play that :D " 
Is like , the definition of a facebook stalker . it's pretty sad , but i just can't stop . 
In < PROPMALE > , florida , wondering if there's a law in this state against how deathly-pale i am . 
I'm a horrible person . just horrible . 
She says if I leave before you darling , Don't you waste me in the ground . I lay smiling like our sleeping children , One of us will die inside these arms . Eyes wide open , Naked as we came . One will spread our Ashes round the yard . 
ahh , it's been a good night 
“Don’t part with your illusions . When they are gone you may still exist , but you have ceased to live . ” — < PROPFIRST > Twain 
About to leave for the south park mall :D 
Can somebody please name a good book to readdddd ? 
isn't younge enough to know everything anymore . 
back from izzy's . 
back from rehersal . so . tired . 
ugggggggh . 
hangin ' with cate , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and maddy . 
had a fun day :D home from cate's . 
just hit like every garage sale in < PROPFEMALE > , and 2 church rumage sales . about to go to the Mint Museum of < PROPMALE > . then Cate's house . great day so far . 
' Take care of the golf balls first -- the things that really matter . Set your priorities . The rest is just sand . ' 
\go with the one that gives you the best story to tell \"" 
ahahahahahaha . 
hangin ' out with izzy 
me-(reading food label ) \glutton free ..... i would hope so\ " \ 
ungrounded :) 
boredddddd . 
Orfice , what an ufortunate last name 
just learned how to read and write binary code , but doesn't know when it's ever gong to be useful . i can add this to my collection of useless skills :\\ 
< PROPFIRST>'s on his way back to South Korea :( 
is now 15 . and bored . 
thanks everybody :) i had a great birthday 
is pressing flowers :) 
just tried vegitarian meat-less beef . uhm , no . 
it shouldn't be so hard to find a decent high-waisted floral bikini-top two-peice bathing suit . ugh . 
ughhhhhhh . 
WWJD ? [ for a klondike bar ] 
Had to leave before seeing Electric Daylight . but i know they are doing fantastic anyway . 
This skeleton town\ 
with snakes in the grass , \ 
where every single breath you take\ 
might be your last . \ 
And even when you find the love\ 
it's fake\ 
and everything you try to touch will break . 
is at < PROPFEMALE>'s 
Is watching ignorant bigots talk about things that they don't understand on YouTube 
Lux Aeterna By < PROPMALE > Mansell . look it up . by far one of the most moving songs i have heard . 
can't move . 
good mood :) 
just woke up , and had the freakiest dream ever . 
is so not good at back in black . 
bible study time ! 
is about to go see avatar the last airbender with my brother and parents . 
“Write drunk ; edit sober . ” ~ Ernest Hemingway 
Freaking adores TheAmazingAtheist . 
wants to get this corset finished by 8:00 this morning . 
so doesn't want to do back in black again next week . 
ugggghhhh . 
5 gum , is not vegan . 
Is uploading pictures :) 
Burn all tabloids 
:) 
HP pickup line #41 : I don’t have an invisibility cloak but do you think tonight I can visit your restricted section ? 
\Don't be aroused 
Was really missing her Rainbow sandals , but doesn't anymore because she now has even better , cruelty-free HEMP Rainbow sandals . :) 
Is weaving a pouch . 
Hates when she gets bruises and doesn't know where they came from . 
Is making vegan chocolate cake :) 
\I no longer hear the music . \"" 
Has found ( what she hopes to be ) a better vegan icing recipe . 
is about to become an ordained minister . 
Is now an ordained minister . 
As of just a few hours ago , Prop 8 has been found unconstitutional in federal court . Awesome . \ 
\ 
Vegan icing fail . Am I ever going to find a good vegan icing ? 
You were born inside my heart . 
Is about to try yet ANOTHER Vegan icing recipe . I hope this one is good . Cross your fingers for me ? 
The recipe needed a few changes , but I think it's safe to say that me and this icing have a future together . I'm calling this a success . A Vegan success . :) 
Is not a fan of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration torturing monkeys . http://ow.ly/1MLlF 
\It's gonna take a lot to take me away from you . There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do . I bless the rains down in Africa . Gonna take some time to do the things we never have . \"" 
Time for tea . 
Oh , wow . 
Should probably get on a regular sleep schedule . 
Henna ! 
Just finished making and decorating , even MORE vegan cupcakes , which she will post pictures of later today . It's a good thing she has an older brother with an appetite , because now she has like 928092840 cupcakes , and doesn't know exactly what to do with them . 
Smashing Pumpkins ? I think so . 
What song should I learn on guitar next ? 
Coffee Works has an open mic . night every friday at 7:30 . Thinkin ' about it . To do it , or not to do it ? 
So I ended up playing at open mic night . Totally unexpected . I wasn't going to , but hey , carpe diem . This guy let me borrow his guitar . It was nerve racking . I'm glad I did though !! I did a couple of songs too . 
God , Epiphone guitars are so pretty . I could just stare at them all day . 
Vegan chocolate covered granola cooling as I type ? Why yes , I think so . Heck yes . 
Ugh , I need people to go to the movies with . Everybody's out of cash , going to soccer , writing a paper for college , really swamped with family stuff , or has t eat dinner wit their family . Awesome . 
Needs to stop Facebook stalking people . Like now . 
What am I wearing to school tomorrow ? Whatever is the most geographically convenient in relation to my bed . 
Our new exchange student knows more English than I do . I feel awesome . 
wie gehts 
Is learning to play Landlocked blues . 
Don't send me a friend request after being an ignorant jerk and bugging me about my choice to be vegan ( when YOU were the one who asked me about it in the first place . ) You're annoying , and if you're going to use the Bible as proof the vegetarianism is stupid , maybe you should know a little bit about the Bible first . So yeah , I'm ignoring that friend request . 
Is so glad to have her soymilk :) 
Is starting to learn that you actually do get better at something if you do it enough . 
Is makin ' some vegan cupcakes , and trying to figure out how she's going to get them to school to give them to people . Any Ideas ? /Let me know if you < PROPFEMALE > one :) 
Has devised a means of food transportation . Vegan cupcakes are a go . 
Making more cupcakes at 4:30 in the morning ? I think so . 
Feels like she will never make enough cupcakes to be able to give everybody one . But will most likely make more tonight . Perhaps also some cookies . But has yet to decide . Some sleep would be nice . 
Fake meat barbecue , not bad at all . Kind of really good , and I as a general rule don't like fake meat . :) 
Just made a huge cookie with < PROPMALE > Blindow . 
Going to mathews alive late , text me or msg me if you're also going :) 
change of plans , open mic night . 
Slept well last night , and feels good this morning :) 
Mathews aliveeeee . Text me/msg me/whatver , and let me know if you're going . 
Had a pretty awesome day . 
Mom : \Alright 
If by \with\ " you mean \ " in\ " than yes . " 
I need a new home for this heart of mine . 
Schwul . 
\I hate barre chords . I just can't do it\ " \ 
asdfjkl ; 
Today's September 11th , how about instead of burning Qur'ans , or using them as doorstops , we take today to think about how similar we all are , and the feelings that caused sept 11th to happen in the first place . How about instead of continuing the cycle of ignorant hatred , we break it ? Let's all stop demonizing Muslims , shall we ? 
Is gettin ' super pumped for Hug a Vegetarian Day 2010 !!! Makin ' my t-shirt right now . Vegans and vegetarians get to it ! September 24th ! 
< PROPMALE > Blindow is a pedophile for < PROPFIRST > Beiber . 
makin ' another hug a vegetarian day shirt :D 
Just tried a sip of < PROPMALE > Blindow's energy drink . Ewwy . 
Is really liking Beck . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > has decided to go vegan . I am exited . 
Ugh . 
Is bored . 
Vegan chocolate icecream is great during all hours of the day . 
CGEGCC , new favorite tuning . 
Hahaha . ouchhh . 
Cut out all the ropes and let me fall . 
Really wants to be a mime for Halloween , but doesn't know how trick or treating is going to work out with her veganism . 
To audition for the variety show , or not to audition for the variety show : that is the question : Whether ' tis nobler in the mind to suffer the pangs and arrows of outrageous nerves , or to take arms against a sea of irrational fears , and by opposing , to end them . To die : to sleep ; No more and by a sleep to say we end the heartache and the thousand natural shocks that flesh is heir to . Wait , that's a bad example . 
Goal : Learn to play blackbird between now an Sunday . I think this is doable . 
Moshing , crowd surfing , I lost count of how many times . Oh god yes . I will be sore . 
So tomorrow is my variety show audition at 2:45 . I guess I'm bringing my guitar to school ...? I should probably make sure that I still know how to the song I'm going to play . 
Auditions weren't so bad . I think I might bring my guitar to school again in the future , our little lunch guitar circle thing was fun . This should become like , a thing . 
Is really bored . Not looking forward to school tomorrow , or any day for that matter . 
Sooooo bored . Ughhh . 
älectric` ? 
Is writing an outline for her english essay on happiness . What an idiotic word to write an essay on . 
I like it anywhere . 
Is doing an assignment on her favorite philosopher . 
Who isn't busy tonightttt ? Msg me . 
Dude . I just broke a string . That was like , maybe the most terrifying , least expected thing that has happened this month . I am traumatized . 
Wings wouldn't help you . 
I'd Rather Eat Vegan Chocolate Mouse Than McCruelty Any day . 
And in the dark , we'll turn to dust . 
\You forced me to become strong 
Listening to Reel Big Fish makes any day better . 
If dignity were money , you could maybe buy a soda . Hahahaha . 
Must . Make . Icing . Ugh . Then more guitar ! :D 
Concerrrrrttttttt sundayyyyyyyy . Ahhhhhh . Excitemennnnttttt . Who's like , not doing stuff friday ? Or maybe like , saturday . 
Bleachin ' some shortsssss . 
Is finally clean after a quite intense pumpkin-gut fight with < PROPMALE > Blindow . How glorious it feels to not be covered in pumpkin guts . 
Just got back from the concertttt . yeahhhhh . ' Twas fun . 
\How strange it is to be anything at all \"" 
Just got back from Goodwill . Two wonderfully huge sweaters to bury myself in , this is excitement . 
Remember , remember the 5th or November , the gunpowder treason and plot . I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot . \ " , 2010-11-06 00:40:49 " 
Wants to work on this dress from Goodwill , but doesn't want to get out and set up her sewing machine . 
Hey now , 
I'm not easting turkey this year because I have better things to do than cause suffering to animals when I absolutely do not have to . \ 
https://secure.peta.org/site/Advocacy?cmd=display&page=UserAction&id=1862\ 
Completely unjustifiable . 
Just got back from auditions . 
I don't have any fight left in me . 
Has quite a bit of cooking to do tomorrow . 
So . Much . Food . 
But oh comely , it isn't as pretty as you'd like to guess in your memory . 
And your mom would stick a fork right into daddy's shoulder\ 
And dad would throw the garbage all across the floor\ 
As we would lay and learn what each other's bodies were for\ 
And this is the room One afternoon I knew I could love you\ 
And from above you how I sank into your soul\ 
Into that secret place where no one dares to go . 
Netflix is ridiculous . I could spend the rest of my life scrolling through all of the movies . 
\I want to pick up the pieces 
had forgotten until now how fun crafts are . 
Is not in Skills USA or Voices Activated , but is in both club pictures . 
Sometimes doubts her own commitment to < PROPFEMALE > Motion . 
Is just in a guitar sort of mood . 
Walked home from dance practice for the musical . It was nice , and she thinks she'll do that everyday now . 
Can finally just chill . Her guitar is calling to her . Today has been quite a long day . 
Fortune-cookie making is harder than it looks . 
213.251.145.96 \ 
This is the begining of something . 
Dude . 5 month vegaversery . Heck yeah . 
Feels so ridiculous . 
So rehearsal ended early . I think I'll try out for the ad-lib parts tomorrow :) 
Off to the library . 
Just saw Black Swan . Sort of mind blown . 
Shall spend the morning collaging . 
Has spent to much time playing guitar today that her fingers might fall off , but she really wants to keep writing . sdjfhkjfhwkjfhwk . 
So like , I'm bored and unable to sleep . That's not alright . 
Is diggin ' her record player . 
Electric Kazoo : it exists . 
Bathing suits and snow . I think yes . Buncha hooligans . 
The story's all over you . 
\Honk if you understand punctuated equilibrium\ " Hah . That's a funny bumper sticker . How about you like this if you understand punctuated equilibrium . " 
Makin ' music with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
New LP , an audiobook by the Dalai Lama , Andddddd An Introduction to Logic . For a total of like , four-ish dollars . This is why I dig the withdrawn books section of the library . 
Did not know that most Clif bars are vegan . Mind blown . Such excitement . 
Decided that the most autobiographical thing she could write for her Fame bio , was a brief commentary on the concept of biographies and their implications . 
Dudddeeee . A third day without school . This is getting a bit ridiculous . I do like sleeping so much though . 
Put a spike belt in the fire primarily to see what happens with < PROPMALE > Blindow . 
More jacket studding . 
Is off to Lebos . 
Oh my god . 7 hours of dance tomorrow . Is this a joke ? \ 
\Hard work - the hardest profession in the world \"" 
Would really to wear a floral leotard . Every . Day . 
Just got her character shoes , annnnnd has no idea how she's going to be able to do this at dance rehearsal for the play tomorrow . 
Anybody want to go to a protest with me on the 29th against the cruelty to animals involved in the Ringling circus ? 
Vlah ! New leotard !!!! I may only wear leotards now . 
Is confident in calling tonight's attempt at 80's punk stage makeup a success . I feel like the costume designer will be satisfied , or at least not notice me for being too not-at-all-80s . Now hair , I'm not even going to attempt that tonight . 
Lost her phone at school today . Ughhh . 
Just got 2 < PROPMALE > 5 records from goodwill , along with an audiobook box set of child stories , and a box set of symphonies and such . Ahhhhh this is my songggggg ( ABC by the < PROPMALE > 5 just came onnnnn ) 
A floral leotard will officially soon be in my possession . Hottttt . 
Has decided that she loves her new song , and really wants to learn how to play either Djembe , Doumbek or Kalimba more than almost anything . 
Just spent more than 14 consecutive hours at school . Theatre kids go hard in the paint . 
Opening night for Fame is tonight ! Everybody should come ! It's going to be great :) 
If you're looking at this status and you haven't been to FAME : The Musical then kindly get your ass to the next showing . Stop lollygagging around and get this the program ya ' buncha ' popcorn kernels . Especially < PROPFEMALE > Yaghoubi , Declan R Tidd , < PROPMALE > Tissue , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
If you haven't seem Fame , then today at 3pm is your last < PROPMALE > :) 
Sea of love is the most calming song in the world . 
Sweet party . Let's get this Bearhug group started . 
Does anybody else want to join in playing Bearhug tomorrow in the mud ? 
