Is living his life for christ 

How in the world do you use facebook ... Its so confusing 
Waiting for August 31st 
Feelin good 
M . O . G 
La Bostries man ... didn't know they're so many LaBostries 
First day of school tomorrow 
First of school was koo 
Thank u every 1 for the bday shout outs 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > ... Wow :( 
Thank u Jesus Christ for allowing my surgery to go well ... slight pain though :( 
freezing !!! 
Too much ... 
wondering what God's purpose is for me 
Knowledge isn't the same as wisdom ... 
Those that are hard to love ... are the ones that need it the most . 
1 < PROPFIRST > 4:19 
Let Christ rule your life 
It seems to be a lot of \Closet\ " Christians ... -_- Romans 1:16 " 
Suicide is a PERMANENT solution , to a TEMPORARY condition ... 1 corinthians 6:19 -20 
How much can this world change some one ... or have they always been that way 
If you have faith you can't fear 
I just wanna be successful ... -_- 
Christ first :-D 
? yourself ... Do I really love God ... or do I put on a facade and say I do . 
is blessed and highly favored :-D 
Romans 12:11 
Jokes tonight :-D 
I find joy when the devil tries to make me do wrong . Means Im doing something right :-) 
i take whatever im visioning i break all of the limitings i shake all of the gimicking the fakery the trickery nurse how sick is he worst im sickening , i'll be at the finish line first how quick is he , ima make sure they mention me for the next century , ain't with the bickering im full of dignity 
The devil is a hater ... with God not even he can keep me down all smiles :-D 
God isn't just my source ... but my only source :-) 
Psalm 18 ... read it all 
Its not that life is short ... Its just that we wait too long to begin it 
Tell me why Kobe is so great !? (-: 
Im Blessed :-) 
Beware lest anyone cheat you through philosophy and empty deceit , according to the tradition of men , according to the basic principles of the world , and not according to Christ . 
Those who < PROPFEMALE > to be < PROPMALE > fall into temptation and a snare , and into many foolish and harmful lusts which drown men in destruction and perdition . 
Blessed and On Top 
Don't always follow your heart because it can be deceived . 
Doing school work ... a lot of it :-( 
Ask for Wisdom from God who gives liberally 
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out . 
There is only one kind of life that truly wins , and that is the one that places faith in the hands of the Savior . Until that is done , we are on an aimless course that runs in circles and goes nowhere . 
Failure is not fatal , but failure to change might be 
To God be the < PROPFEMALE > ... all is well bro 
Every Boston Celtic deserves an < PROPFIRST > ... best acting ever 
I'm blessed just to be a blessing 
I'm so Thankful 
Easier said then done -_- 
Lakers repeat !!!! 
:-) 
Determination runs through these vains 
Where you see risk ... I see opportunity 
Mayne ... really feeling great\ 
\ 
To God be the < PROPFEMALE > 
Reshape your world with words . 
Inception is the best movie I've ever seen in my life ! no exaggeration 
I think I found the end of the rainbow\ 
Looking at your smile is like looking at an angel\ 
will you be my pot of gold 
The Rep !!!!! \ 
nuff said 
This invasion held at CCC's annual ficwifm had to literally be the best one ever . From the performing artist to the drama skit by Victory Christian ... everything was on point\ 
impossible to fall a sleep ... this room is too hot ! 
\Education does not mean teaching people what they do not know . \ 
new phone ! 
New phone # ... Text me so I can add you ... 323 439 9305 
3216C89F BBM me(y ) 
A man with an evil eye hastens after riches , and does not consider that poverty will come upon him . 
Better to fail with honor . Than succeed by fraud . 
Sounds harsh and radical but true ... But unforgiveness can and will send someone to hell 
Todays plan ... Chill :-) 
Thank you all for wishing me a happy bday :-) 
( Sigh ) of relief 
God is so good 
Sometimes wish I could return to highschool :-/ 
Does anybody know your a christian because of your actions ? Or does everybody think your a christian because your acting ??? 
When the tears fall ... Jesus I will still sing to you 
God is never late ... always on time 
If you wait for perfect conditions you will never get anything done . 
Pity will get you noooooooooo where ! 
Give a man a fish ; feed him for a day . Teach a man how to fish ; feed him a lifetime . 
Your gift and talent will only take you as far as your character will < PROPFEMALE > you . 
Life is not measured by the number of breathes we take , but by the moments that take our breath away . 
Motorcycle license next week ! :-) 
The only time \success comes before \ " work\ " is in the dictionary . " 
Failure to plan is a plan to fail . 
F . earless O . n point C . onsistent U . nstoppable S . uccess 
Words make for good speeches ; actions make change . 
Finally I'm Home ! 
Finally got a phone ! 
323 470 8088 . Send a text with name to the new # 
If you don't do what you should do , you'll do what you shouldn't do . 
Success and sacrafice go hand in hand 
Driving all the way out to riverside ... :-/ 
are you telling God how big your problems are ... or are you telling your problems how big God is 
2 Corinthians 10:5 ... cast down every high thing that exalts itself against the knowledge of God and bring them captive to the obedience of Jesus christ 
Smile :-) 
1 < PROPFIRST > 4:12 ... My Motive of operandi 
I have held many things in my hands , and i have lost them all ; but whatever I have placed in God's hands , that I still possess . 
Proverbs 23:7 As a man thinketh in his heart so is he 
To have known me must mean that there's a new me 
Give life , and Love a wife like Christ loves the church ... without seeing how many hearts we can break first 
Victory loves preparation 
If you do nothing else throughout the day ... at least take the time to read the word even if its just a scripture ... plant the seed 
The Holy Spirit comes through every time ... No doubt about that ! :-) 
Hows life after death looking for you ??? Think about it 
