wants to study gypsie curses now 

In honor of the 50% of Americans who can't thrive in their own culture , I'm declaring this month National Introvert Awareness Month 
Recognizing National Human Traficking Day 
I thoroughly regret downloading the force fed integrity remix of Spineshank's Height of Callousness 
There's an empty hole in my soul where policy debate used to be ... what shall I do with all this unnecessary freetime ? 
SAT's tomorrow ... Boo ! 
just died from SAT poisoning :( 
hates everything about daylight's wasting time 
feels sick , but apparently everyone else does too . 
just went on a three-game winning streak without really trying ... this chess tournament better get harder tomorrow . 
The chess tournament did get harder ... I lost ... yay ? Well , 9th place out ofd 64 people is still pretty good . 
smells like cookies 
off to visit colleges tomorrow :( 
liked the curriculum of University of Rochester , but not much else ( including the difficulty to get in/price tag ) 
not sure what I'm thinking about I got soul doubt 
will burn your cities down 
Don't feed the bears OR THE BEARS WILL FEED ON YOU ! 
won $200 at a chess tournament , but I had to make an elementary school student cry to do so . 
Unless there is no me they both explode 
If you see me please just walk on by , walk on by , forget my name and I'll forget it to 
One must cease letting one's self be eaten when one tastes best 
I'm so sick of all these people but I'm scared to be alone 
YOU NEED A MIRACLE 
Won two games , lost two games , and < PROPFIRST > one games . That makes me average ? 
thinks we are both suffering from the same crushing metaphysical crisis . 
going to see his cousin get married 
I can never be your god and I don't even think I want the job anymore 
wants to know why Silent Civilian's album came out before Spineshank's when Silent Civilian is < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>' second band . Not that I have much to complain about . 
The last one standing is me 
I'm gonna laugh when I'm buried alive 
needs to get knives out of his head so that he can focus on studying for finals . 
never has to take another latin class again EVER ! Goodbye , Ani ! 
I'm the number that isn't equal to any of you 
The ACT wasn't nearly as painful and tedious as the SAT :) 
We're taking back our broken dreams 
SILENT CIVILIAN WAS AMAZING !!!!!!! 
Show me how you hate me now 
Going to Canada to look at sand and then Michigan to get better at debate without ever coming home until August 6th :S 
finally managed to obtain internet . Now I just need to fix the satellite dish and build a cellphone tower . 
Someone hear me please , all I see is sand , I can hardly breathe and I can hardly take it 
thinks Toy Story 3 waS overrated , but stil a good movie . 
is having trouble tolerating this insane Canadian heat 
thinks the A-Team is a cool movie 
Kill the lights and play that record backward 
Lebron left < PROPMALE > . Get over it . 
Finally out of Canada and into Michigan ! Go debate camp !!!!!! 
ome of these feminist articles are really stupid , but others are really smart . Interesting ... 
fem k is the only critique being used at this camp . WHY ?????????????? 
Death rides a pale horse beside me 
This drones aff is so good I'm convinced it has to somehow be cheating ... 
actually managed to convince someone that Paramore is a death metal band :D Also , I went 1-3 on my first debate tournament on the topic :( 
JUSTICE !!!!!!! 
I want to see Countdown to Zero more than I want to see Inception . Does that make me a nerd ? Actually , don't answer that question . 
I was never a white picket fence 
did not have fun at fun time 
My sorrow turns to hatred 
Went 0-3 at the first day of the tournament ! Woohoo ! Improvement's practically guaranteed ! 
ended up winning 3 out of 7 rounds . That's better than I normally do , so I'd say I improved . 
went to SPARTAN debate camp for 4 weeks without hearing a single 300 reference 
Saying \Where are the women ? \ " sounds more like you're looking for hookers than solving patriarchy . " 
Paramore did good last night , but 2 hours was a bit long . 
just got his wisdom teeth removed . WHY ????? 
is visiting colleges west of where he lives . Currently at DePaul . 
Back from visiting colleges . Now for that 100 pages of AP chemistry I have to read and understand before Monday ! Woohoo ! I'm loving my senior year already ! 
School has started , but debate hasn't . Is that even legal ? 
Another victim is a rat on a sinking ship 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Versus The World was a disappointing movie . How did it get an 81% on rotten tomatoes ? 
Starting today , people will die until debate practice begins . 
WHOOOOO !!!! DEBATE STARTS TOMORROW !!!! HELLZ YEAH !!!! 
Spineshank and Knives Out have both taken far too long to release their new albums ... 
The chorus of Dog Fashion Disco's \Rat on a Sinking Ship\ " was playing through my head the entire time I was watching Ponyo " 
is turning tricks while hell is burning 
finds that he doesn't mind school as much when he has semi-likeable classes ( and debate ) 
was finally reunited with the Nietzsche file he used , like , three times last year ! Woohoo ! 
Destruction : For me it's fun ! 
is already tired of having to tell people that he's taking AP chemistry when they ask why he's taking a sophomore course 
did not get killed by a guy wearing a trash bag over his head on the drive back home from seeing \Let Me In\ " ( which is the best movie he has seen all year ) " 
just realized that The Comedian from the Watchmen is supposed to be a caricature of Nietzsce's amor fati beliefs 
the SAT is easier if you actually do the online prep instead of just telling your mom you did . 
For Coming Out Day , some news reporters accosted me while I was visiting Denison and asked me what I thought of co-ed dorms ( not floors , actual dorms ) , which is apparently an issue of concern for gays . So , now my opinion might be on the news just because I visited a college ! 
is psyched for the debate tournament tomorrow ! Woohoo ! 
broke for the first time at a debate tournament . I lost in the quarter finals , but hey . I did good . 
Machine of Death , despite being independently published , managed to be the number one bestseller on Amazon.com for a day . And I brought Machine of Death on that day ! Woohoo ! I helped ! 
got first place in a debate tournament for the first time in his life . Granted , it was a district tournament and the other team didn't show up for one of the rounds , but hey . A win's a win . 
I've applied to college , now all I need is for my senior year to roll over and DIE ! 
It's fine if you can't define all the reasons for losing your mind 
wishes colleges he has showed absolutely no interest in would stop sending him application deadline reminders 
Telling time is hard when it rewinds 
I can handle anything , even if I can't handle you 
The Room made my entire life worth living 
After spending a day at school without my iPod , I am curious as to how past generations survived without the device 
went 2-4 at his first national circuit debate tournament , despite the handicap of being partnered with a novice . 
resents his parents for taking him to see \Love and Other Drugs \"" 
Spineshank says they're on their last show of the year , does that mean they're actually gonna release their album early 2010 release date ? Oh wait ... 
So , tomorrow , I only have one class , but less free time than I normally have . Yay ... 
First day of intensives wasn't as bad as I thought it would be , but only because I thought it would be awful . At least I don't have much homework . 
Never mind , I have a ton of homework today :P 
Sometimes , you gotta look at yourself , see the world inside out , and scream it out loud 
Somehow , I managed to survive a whole week of intensives . Only two more to go . 
For some reason , more people post on my wall for my fake birthday than my real birthday 
is 18 now . Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
I am the ocean , I am the sea . There is a world inside of me . 
That's the second time I've lost to the security K in a quarter final round ... 
It's also the second time at a state tournament that my only loss in the prelim rounds has been against the team that gets first place :P 
got deferred by Beloit ... 
Let's start the big event\ 
10 seconds of blind amusement\ 
The public execution\ 
So come on lets all feel the hate\ 
I feel it .... Yeah ! \ 
But I'm coming back for more 
my record at bowling just increased by 20 points ( to 168 from 148 ) :D 
Now we're drooling to tear you apart 
Alright , Obama . You've passed START . Now hurry and come up with something else important to put on your agenda that I can make a politics disad out of D:< 
I stopped paying attention to my other presents after I received Let the Right One In :D :D :D :D < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , y'all! 
I'm not a robot , but I've got a mechanical hand . I can steal the stars and put them back again . 
Black Swan = scariest movie I have seen in a looooooooong time 
Grinnell , why you have to assign such a hard supplement ? I'm starting to think you don't want people to apply . 
has now gotten accepted to both Allegheny and Ohio Wesleyan University 
Dear District , \ 
You need more than four policy debate teams . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
A concerned citizen\ 
P . S . \ 
Thanks for the first place trophy . 
FINALLY done with college apps 
Now it's butcher time 
has safely landed in Atlantis , < PROPFEMALE > 
went 2-4 his first time going varsity at a national circuit tournament 
Hooray for missing the flight back to Ohio ! 
got accepted into Earlham ( which was tied for my first choice college ) . This makes up for missing my plane last night ! 
START was officially signed yesterday , so now I don't have to worry about dying from accidental launch anymore 
just went an entire Saturday without doing anything debate related . WHERE DID I GO WRONG ?! 
The sick knows no pain 
got accepted to Beloit . Now I'm four for four in terms of college acceptance . 
is totally gonna qualify for nationals 
with a 4-2 record , I am a first alternate for nationals . That's kind of cool . 
got accepted to < PROPMALE > ! 
To be very clear , I got accepted to < PROPMALE > College , not < PROPMALE > University 
While visiting Ohio Wesleyan University , I heard someone say , \I just don't understand this downgrade in the quantum mechanical physical realm . \ " Definitely the college for me . " 
Dammit , I was looking forward to acting class today ! \ 
\ 
Jk , I'm enjoying the snow day :D 
No Strings Attached was better than I expected ( which isn't saying very much , but ... ) 
Taking AP chem = biggest mistake of my life 
Today was my last debate practice ever . I am so sad . I am so very , very sad :( 
For my last state tournament , I got 2 bs judge decisions as opposed to the usual ... zero ... and didn't break because of it . CFLs better be worth it . 
For some reason , I didn't have debate practice today . 
going through debate withdrawl 
< PROPMALE>'s Speech = average at best 
Studies have shown that Daylight's Wasting Time can cause permanent brain damage . Have fun :) 
I dislike talking to people 
For senior skip day , I stayed at school and did my math homework . Yay ... 
Got accepted to Miami . I think I'll celebrate by not going there . PARTY !!!! 
You know\ 
You say that you'd be satisfied\ 
But it's all right\ 
The scream\ 
It satisfies my ache\ 
And it's all right 
Truth be told , I'm not in Iowa to visit colleges . I'm just dumb enough to think I might get to meet a member of Slipknot ;) 
would appreciate if some of these colleges would be less awesome . That would make my decision much easier . 
I just donated money to help disaster relief in Japan and now I feel slightly emptier inside . Nietzschean for life ^_^ 
Behind our face we love to hate 
got waitlisted by Denison and Grinnell . While this is depressing , it means that no college has straight up rejected me . Who's a sexy boss ? 
keeps hurting his vocal chords while trying to learn to death growl :( 
Alright , College ! You don't scare me ! 
You know what , High School ? I'm already into college . I shouldn't have to put up with your crap ! And by that I mean AP Chem . 
Why are they doing this ? \ 
They said when you got here , the whole thing started . \ 
Who are you ? \ 
What are you ? \ 
Where did you come from ? \ 
I think you're the cause of all this . \ 
I think you're evil . \ 
EVIL !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Hsieh is sleeping with me <3 
embarrassingly went 2-4 at the state chess tournament =/ 
just heard my sister listening to Spineshank . This world is full or surprises . 
For some reason , facebook won't let me change my notification settings . GRRRRR !!!! 
Please understand these words :\ 
You are nothing anymore 
My last Friday that contains high school classes ... 
Allegheny Class of 2015 ! 
just finished his sophomore community service requirements ^_^ 
HIGH SCHOOL IS DEAD ! 
So now that Bin Laden's dead , let's spend the next ten years catching his successor . Have fun , U.S. ! You will always be remembered in my heart as the empire that took way too long to accept that it died . 
You say I'm cold\ 
But I'm just tired of you\ 
You make me sick\ 
Sometimes it seems I can't break you\ 
Now that you're gone\ 
I can't be happy again 
Dear Rise Against , \ 
For you , I spent two hours being lost , gave up my dignity , and inhaled more cigarette smoke than I cared to . BUT IT WAS WORTH IT CAUSE YOUR SHOW WAS AMAZING !!!! 
