Sometimes my brain hurts so much I just want to die . AAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 

i just made some cookies , help me eat them please 
is injoying his new car yay ! no more tan beast that everyone hates me for because of the environment . Now I have a black beast !! 
is back in < PROPMALE > 
hmmmm 
so old 
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggg 
cold 
mcb just owned me ... now for anatomy .... why do they put these finals so close together . its like the universe wants me to fail . blehhhhh 
Goodbye < PROPFEMALE > I'm going to Taiwan , ill post my taiwanese number later . 
derno if i got the job , might have said something wrong in chinese 
too much food , cant move .... 
why is shark so delicious ? 
so .. cold ..... 
friend faq is evil , sory if u got something from me 
coming up to < PROPMALE > this weekend ! 
life is so weird 
blahh essay 
i think my body is trying to kill me ... ugh .... 
omnomnomnom . can't belelive school starts in two weeks . wheeee ! I want to go crazzyyy 
chirolove omnomnomnom :) 
2 weeks of midterms coming up ! weeeeee ! 
library mode 
just one more week of midterns ! 
shoot , starbucks closed 
Someday , there will be double rainbows everywhere ! :) 
turkeytrot !!!! 
look for me ! im c6 of the spine today ! 
just 1 more for this week and 6 for next ! whheeeee !!! lets get crazy !!! 
insomnia 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyeone !!!!! carpe diem and all that !!! 
\those beers were nonalchoholic . you just have bad coordiantion \"" 
my subconscious is sabotaging me from going to school ... can't wake up in time ugh 
me+coffee = twitching 
how is < PROPMALE > cruze sooooo awesomely awesome !!!????!!!! 
im an idiot . 
i want to shave off my study'stache 
One of the painful things about our time is that those who feel certainty are stupid , and those with any imagination and understanding are filled with doubt and indecision 
power through today !!!!!!!!! just 2 days of finals and its break time : ) 
savor kindness because cruelty is always possible later 
in sf !!! any1 here ? 
man ..... i just got buyer's regret for buying a lotto ticket 
woot , leaving for the airport for Florida in 10 ! yayy ! 
just got back from Florida . time to studyyyy . missed the launch . bleh 
Freakin A , whats the point in being in a health profession if your freakin parents don't listen to your freakin advice about how to freakin live better . ahhhhhhh . I hope one of my freakin relatives reads this so that they will be embarrassed that people know this and they'll change their lifestyle 
Guys , our < PROPMALE > ID also acts as our print card . wtf . Why did they not tell us this at orientation 
coffffffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!!!! \ 
* ahem*\ 
I mean I may have a mite bit too much coffee my good sirs and sirettes 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lb9X5jMofEo&feature=related 
Almost done with finals . Last 2 tomorrow then go crazy !!!, well i guess sleep first then go CRAZZYYY 
yeahh ... o welllll 
i think that i think that i think that i think too much 
wth who gets sick during summer ? me lol 
going to puerto < PROPMALE > !!!!!! almost airport at ! 
just highfived some bird poo . guess it was lucky that ir was nothing else 
everyday in everyway . i am becoming better and better 
You may have talent but without a disciplined mind your journey will be short . 
trust 
i am just .... the worst 
I'm leaving on a jet plane , don't know when ill be back again . ohhh baby . omw to Kona !!! woot 
