Thank you to everyone that wished me a happy birthday . 

TWINS WIN !!!!!!!!!! 
LETS GO VIKINGS !!!!!!!! 
we got a fumble !!!! 
VIKINGS WIN !!!!!!!! 
cant wait for the twins game tomorrow 
TWINS WON !!!!!!!! WE ARE GOIN 2 NEW YORK !!!!!!!! 
2 more classes then its time for playoff baseball 
is really bummed out right now 
hopes the vikings don't have a let down and also hopes that the twins got another comeback left in them 
is bummed out once again 
im going 2 see saw 6 on friday !!!!!!! 
Saw 6 got banned in Europe . Tomorrow is going 2 be fucking awesome !!!!!!! 
LETS GO SAINTS !!!!!! 
THE SAINTS WON !!!!!!! 
Baseball is finally back into full swing today which means ... LET'S GO TWINS !!!!!! 
I say 1 thing and i get 60+ comments on it . Man , I feel important 
The official opening day of Target Field is finally here !!! Hopefully the Twins can open it with a W . 
Target Field here I come !!! 
getting my 1st look at Target Field + a Twins win = 1 kick ass Saturday ! :D 
just got back from a 5 mile run so now its time 2 kick back , relax and watch his favorite team in action . :D 
Figures ... the guy I wanted the Vikings 2 take was there and the fucking Lions took him . 
One more week of Crookston and then it is home sweet home !!! :D 
I am going golfing this weekend . That is one sentence that I thought I would never hear myself say 
This time tomorrow I will finally be HOME !!! :D 
is in unbelievabley good mood again today !!! :D 
Wow , I thought that I couldn't possibly be in a better mood than I was in yesterday but thanks to some wonderful news last night , I am ! :D 
My self confidence levels are downright scary right now !!! :D 
Well , my summer just got the jolt of excitment that it desperately needed !!! :-) 
Let's go Boise State !!! 
Holy Shit ! I just witnessed only the 2nd no-hitter in the history of the postseason . Congrats to < PROPFIRST > Halladay ! 
In honor of the Twins Opening Day Friday , put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Yankee fan . Being a Yankee fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for this and sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of Twins fans will re-post this , simply becau ... se we know how to copy and paste , as well as tie our shoes and win . 
