Content not happy but content with where i am in my life 

Just thinkin had a horrible dream last night !!! Love him always :) 
Tired of fixing my car . Just want shit to go right for once .. miss him still donno what to do love peace and happiness 
You cant make a dollar out of 15cents 
Miss my niggas !!!! 
tomorrow finally im so happy lol 
getting my tattoo worked on 
Joininh the army hopefully be leaving no layter then january 
Life is good . im happy its amazing how one thing or one person can change the route you are going and make it to where you fear nothing 
2000 < PROPMALE > aways i cant do shit . hope he is ok . 
Content :) 
If I could have just one wish , \ 
I would wish to wake up everyday\ 
to the sound of your breath on my neck , \ 
the warmth of your lips on my cheek , \ 
the touch of your fingers on my skin , \ 
and the feel of your heart beating with mine ... \ 
Knowing that I could never find that feeling\ 
with anyone other than you . 
Mmmm .. Cant describe my feelings happier then i have been in a long time . Wouldnt change it for the world :) 
Why do Sharks swim in salt water ? Because pepper water would sting Lmao good night haha 
Thought for the day : What if all the toilets in the world flushed at one time would we have a flood ? lol ... 
How did we meet ? Copy this to your status and see who remembers . :) 
Feels like a fairytale . with the bad guy in the back ground trying to confuse happyness . hmm is this real ? Hard to believe :) 
Getting close to my step father leaving ( < PROPFIRST > ) dont know what to do or say .. Gonna miss him love you always i hope you do good in north < PROPFEMALE > and we will stay in contact love you .. 
Going to see an old friend thursday im so excited :) 
. Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend 
coin operated boy .. sitting on a shelf 
So i thought about just writing to see how long people would read this for even thou its about nothing . like whales or sharks or midgets lmao ... Shit like that but then i realized by me writing all this im wasting my time which shows i would have no life and i do .. Just bored and yet your still reading so u must not have a life either lmao .. Sincerly Janky :) 
evil crack monkeys .. lmao yes its one of those nights ... 
and to < PROPFIRST > .. i do have a life 
Let's see who ispaying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends list , as aresult of a conscious decision . I wanted you there !! I am not only gladto count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who on myfriends ' list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this as your .. status . I'll be watching .. to see who really is ....... I < PROPFEMALE > familyand friendships . Thank you for being a part of my life 
I wanna be that girl . 
My thoughts for the night , Im alive but not beathing .. I have fallen but not broken my life is a fairytale there is always a twist . Be happy stand strong or die trying .. Everyone is worth fighting for even if you already have them :) . Show them you care or someone will show them they do more . Love always Janky :) 
If i fall will you pick me up ? 
My thoughts for the night : I don't pretend to know what love means , but I can tell you what it means for me . love is knowing all about someone , and still wanting to be with them more than any other person , love is trusting them enough to tell them everything about yourself , including the things you might be ashamed of , love is feeling comfortable & safe with someone , but still getting weak knees when they walk into a room . 
the love of god is the same as the fear of god 
Loved isn't a word . there is no past tense of love so if you really love someone you'll always love them no matter what . 
I dont care what car you drive or where u live . If you know someone who knows someone . If your clothes are this years cutting edge . If u are an AorB list . I only care about the words that come from your mind . They are all that matters . I will not fall inlove with your bones or skin , I will not fall with anything but the words that truely come from your mind . 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn thats alright because i like the way hurts just gonna stand there and here me cry well thats alright because i love the way you lie .. you ever love somebody so much u can barely breath when your wit em you meet and niether one of you knew what hit em ... 
Who are we to question what is what 
done ! 
