is thanking y'all kindly for the birthday wishes . 

is out of town for the week . 
Happy birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! Hurr , see what I did there ? 
Technology : 6 Erica : 2 
Technology : 7 Erica : 2 . So much for my pride and supposed ingenuity . Time to do something borderline illegal , if necessary . 
Alright , how do I change my contact e-mail address ? This thing will only let me send confirmation letters , which are boring . 
has again been attacked by bugs . 
is eating Bourbon Street Sundae out of the carton and playing \Dead Rising\ " on the Wii machine . La vie est bonne . " 
has just learned there is a He-Man episode titled \The Shaping Staff . \"" 
has just realized that the woman who plays < PROPFEMALE > Hodes on \Weeds\ " was < PROPFEMALE > Flintstone in the live-action film . " 
is plannin ' this trip ... like a boss . 
is down south . 
The hell ? \The Collector\ " isn't playing anymore ? " 
Stop depressing the hell out of me , WSPA . 
cannot stop adding to her list of pet peeves . 
has a cold . Boo . 
thinks it's hilarious that two geckos are fighting on her window . 
Seriously , Yahoo !, what in the hell is so surprising about the Duggers having a nineteenth child ? 
was , is and always will be right about West . 
wants to know why everyone in the library is standing in her corner talk talk talking about how unmotivated they are and being annoying as all get-out while she's trying to work . Bloody unprofessional . 
The leaf has been turned . 
is hoping her perpetual difficulty to concentrate will be done after next week . 
thinks Applebee's really needs to get some other people to answer to phone . I can hardly understand what they say - I think one woman was speaking Spanish when she picked up the phone . I also didn't understand why I needed to repeat my last name three times and then proceed to spell it another three times . 
Selective memory is selective . 
has decided that she doesn't like tax lawyers , or at least the people who use them . 
is going to need her neighbors to get better taste in music . And cars . 
seems to have lost control of her bottom lip . And a few throat muscles . 
sure has some ghetto-ass neighbors . 
Some chick with badly dyed hair just walked by my apartment screaming , \You fucking left me ! \ " I wasn't aware I was in the hood . " 
wants to give a shout-out to all the juggalos and juggalettes ! Whoop whoop ! 
is either losing her mind , or the apartment is vibrating . Constantly . 
Apparently it's Pet Week in < PROPFEMALE > . I miss my little boo-boo head . 
is offering an imaginary $5 to the person who can tell her what Bieber is in < PROPMALE > . 
is done with finals . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , y'all! 
Oh my gee willikers , Twilight ! 
Every time I see < PROPFIRST > Clooney , all I see is old . 
is coming to Kansas on Friday . 
is feeling a touch of the schadenfreude . 
Hot hot hot . 
\We're collecting lingerie for needy sexy people . \"" 
\They're a nice little family ; they're just filthy . \"" 
wants to stop sneezing every ten minutes . 
Facebook , what is that ? 
This Kansas place is too cold for me . 
Why does technology have to be so cantankerous around me ? 
My school's new Symplicity website has a practice area listing called \dentist stuff . \ " What ? " 
Cell phones have led to the degradation of our society ... at least in theaters . 
is disappointed in USPS . 
