MJ . < PROPMALE > of Pop . Kudos to you . 

fireworks today ! 
lol . asad just got his ass handed to him . 
done ! almost , actually . some things will remain undone . always . 
the world stuns me with it's love of the mundane . the monotony beckons me , whispering seductively in my ear . even though i can see through it's lies , i can feel myself slipping ... the moment is stretched into forever , like a meteor through space , in which 
is back with a brand new rap . 
Soon ... 
soon ... maybe all three . * ( hmmm = anything you have to suggest ) * Terms and Conditions apply . 
Fallen Idols rocks ! Can't wait for the next one ... 
What's on my mind ? The Boston Creme donut in front of me . 
dead goats . 
i just googled myself . i'm glad i'm obscure . :p 
Dec 24th marks the memory of the massacre of around 1400 old men , women and children at Gaza one year ago . Just like the world insists on remembering 9/11 , it must never forget what happened to Gaza last year . Please change your status in solidarity . 
freed at last . 
intelligence is shown in a situation where an individual , when confronted with an overflowing tap , reaches for the faucet instead of the wiper . The faucet in the sky refused to turn off , though , so intelligence has nothing to do with anything temporarily , because it too is drying off . 
The Milky Way is so far the only known spiral galaxy that has a < PROPFEMALE > next to the black hole at it's center . Not only that ... but this < PROPFEMALE > is the brightest in the entire galaxy . \ 
All praise to Allah . 
If they answer not to thy call walk alone ... if they are afraid \ 
and cower mutely facing the wall , O thou of evil luck , open thy \ 
mind and speak out alone . \ 
~ TAGORE 
For the 5 minutes i stood on sukkur barrage , 9,240,000,000 litres of water passed underneath me . The word ' torrent ' has a new meaning to me . 
\How can broke economies lend money to other broke economies who haven't got any money because they can't pay back the money the broke economy lent to the other broke economy and shouldn't have lent it to them in the first place because the broke economy can't pay back ? \"" 
The current situation is pretty ridiculous . The USA is inflating to bail out the banksters . Other countries are inflating to keep stable exchange rates with the US dollar . It’s a worldwide hyperinflation race . 
What's on my mind ? I'll tell you ... This f**kin < PROPFEMALE > flight smells like sweaty f**ckin shoes , that's what . And we have yet to take off . I'm sticking my nose in my armpit for the remainder of this flight . 
