My new year's resolution is to not make stupid , pointless new year's resolutions . 

Still snowing down in the woods here . The trees are very well decorated with snow . 
pink fluffy robots in tutus 
< lazy jerk . Happy Father's Day ! <3 to you all ! 
I don't mind the eleventy billion days of rain we've had lately , but ... I can has warm rain at least ?! o.O 
My new necklace came in . This means I won't just have the dragonfly to wear anymore . The dragonfly is quite fabulous though , and has become my personal symbol ( basically as someone who went through many many trials to evolve into a super special awesome i 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Mays . Goodnight , sweet Oxiclean < PROPMALE > . 
I've had < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > stuck in my head for the past few days . :-\\ 
<('.'<) 
probably going to Bangor with < PROPFIRST > and pals 
I had this weird dream that I had randomly run into Diron somewhere . And I tried to talk to him but I couldn't because I was chewing bubblegum . I probably should stop falling asleep while watching Yugioh Abridged . 
zzzz 
< PROPFIRST > and I are having random chats about our next vacation . We figure it will be sometime next year ( so soon I know ) because after that we'll have a house payment to deal with . He's thinking Montreal/Quebec but I'm like ... zomg < PROPFEMALE > ! Nothing is set 
Sunshine here is just like cake : a big fat lie . 
hooray it's finally NOT raining ! 
Gonna watch some more Naruto , and it will be the best Naruto ever ! BELIEVE IT ! 
I had an epically fun anniversary date with < PROPFIRST > . Hooray for 4 years . I don't know how he put up with me for that long , but hey , I'm happy . :) 
If a tree falls in the < PROPMALE > , and no one else is around , would < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > hear it ? 
So bloody bored . I need a hobby . Seeing how many chimichangas I can stuff down my gullet seems to be the most entertaining thing I can think of right now .. 
The damn hippies are having their hippie rave down the road from my house and their hippie music is keeping me awake . 
< PROPFIRST>'s adventure ftw 
Apparently I don't even look like I'm 16 . Lol ! I'm getting a haircut and my brows done on Saturday , so I should look more my age ... well ... maybe . I'll throw the pics up when I'm done being like , in shock and all . 
Ok I'm gonna stop the spam in a sec but ... I did see Mr. Milliken in a line at the Walmart last week . He was a few lanes down and he took a really good look at me . I'm too timid to wave , so I just gawked at him like a retard . :( 
spoons and forks 
The dream from last night involved my breaking my left leg from a bad fall , and I'm in a bar in the hospital with some ninja chick from Naruto , random cheerleaders , and < PROPFEMALE > Lawless ( clad in a Xena outfit ) as the barmaid . 
Oh but fabulous news : < PROPFEMALE>'s been accepted into a preschool program . Woot ! Working will be 11x easier now , should I ever find a suitable job . >.< 
I've decided if I don't get any call from the place I applied to by Monday , I'll call them then . Four days should be enough time to get their asses in gear ( especially because it's a weekend and wow what a bad time for the weekend to fall ) . 
sudden urge to watch more Naruto . GG chunin exams . 
uhmmm bored . 
mmm so I just was told by my sister in law that the bank isn't going to hire me because apparently I'm too closely related to her . It kinda burns my biscuits that they didn't have the decency to call me , that I had to find out this way . Well .. 4 failed attempts at finding a job this year . GG me . I just don't know what to do . 
I'm generally patient when it comes to that type of thing , but come on , I spent half an hour in that damn drive thru line , and there were only 3 cars ahead of me . Belfast workers at their finest . 
Had this weird thing for Mounds lately . I guess I just don't feel like a nut . Also , my dreams have become increasingly bizarre , to the point where I really don't wish to talk about them on here . I've also had that one recurring dream about some event in my past . It annoys me to no end that I still dream about that . Lol ..... 
My birthday ( and not any other day ) is in two weeks ! Don't get me anything . I just want a nice quiet night at home by myself drinking a bit ... maybe in the company of a few friends , but that's about it . 
My cat is hanging around too much . 
One week til my day . Not yours . MINE ! Oh lawdy I'm old . 
.. 
I'm not a morning person , at all . Also , I'm quite pleased this thing finally changed my last name . Same Bat < PROPFEMALE > , same Bat Channel , but without all the nasty aftertaste . 
thanks all ! <3 
Long weekend , glad to relax for one day at least >.< 
I have this strange < PROPFEMALE > to dye my hair a deep auburn red . 
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog . 
I < PROPFIRST > a blank and put it in a frame . 
Naruto then I crash . I'm fairly close to Shippuden now ! wootz ! /dork 
1366x768 is such a messed up resolution , but 1024x768 is making me spaz out too . 
Aaand off to bed before I regret it in the morning ! Nights ! 
The dream from the other night involved things I am too embarassed to reveal , just because it would make me out to be a gigantic dork if I did so . I need like a dream blog or something , because my dreams are quite interesting , and would provide the internet community with some epic lulz . 
So every time I sleep more than 8 hours these days , I wake up feeling pretty queasy . 
I feel like analyzing music today , and doing artsy things that aren't obviously artsy . 
Less than 3 weeks until Halloween .. hmm .. I have to escort < PROPFEMALE > out again this year , so I need to come up with something . 
Well , let's take this potted plant to the woods and set it free . I'm gonna tell the owners just how nice that was of me . 
Entertaining ideas for what to carve into my pumpkin this year . Last year's pumpkin was Hello < PROPFEMALE > . 
So some guys on sports talk radio were talking about < PROPMALE > Polanski for some absurd reason , and all I can think about is \Buy Buy Buy\ " ( or whatever that song is called ) by the Barenaked Ladies . Thank you very much crappy sports radio for forcing that into my mind for the rest of the day . " 
Bring it ! 
What to do today ... maybe work on a video . Or go out , since I can always work on the video while < PROPFIRST>'s at work , and < PROPFEMALE > is out with the grandparents today anyway . 
I just got my left arm mauled by my cat . 
Bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon ... it's bacon ! 
Court shows on daytime TV : Stupid people suing stupid people for stupid things . 
I spent the day cleaning my bathroom , then painting the ceiling and the walls in there . I also replaced the floor mat , got rid of a lot of junk from the rack , and put in a new shower curtain . I'm glad that I'm the perfect height to be able to do this just by standing on a chair . :) 
Sick child = no sleep = cranky and tired < PROPFEMALE > . I'd sleep now too , but , people just won't stop calling here . >.< 
Ok so I'm epically confused . Is Halloween tonight ? I thought it was tomorrow . T.T 
Hooray for voting today . I'll finally stop getting those random unwarranted phone calls . :) 
Excited for Super Special Awesome Girly Girl Day on Wednesday . Yeah , my life has been relatively uninteresting as of late . 
I have decided . My snow sculpture this year will be Mimiron . Hooray for mechagnomes . 
Dayquil makes me hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiighhhhhhhhhh 
Super special awesome girly girl day of awesomeness has been rescheduled for tomorrow since I've been sick all week . Anyone have any special awesome tips for getting a 3 year old to cooperate while I clip her nails ? Haha . :( 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Copy and paste this phrase in your status and see what everyone says . It will be interesting and amusing to see how you met each of your friends . Please answer ! 
Thanksgiving dinner was YUMMS ! 
Happy Thanksgiving , day of eternal thanks , pumpkin pie and yams . Ohhh yams . 
Europe gets all the good music . I'm green with envy . Not with jealousy , but envy . 
Oh lawdy there's bacon in the house ... 
< insert uninteresting comment about my life here > 
Life is an endless cycle of laundry , dishes , and taxes . 
Sad song , last dance and no one knows who the band was , and < PROPFIRST > , you danced like a wooden Indian . 
The boss is always sitting on my lap these days . She also became really angry because I dusted off her hair from my laptop . 
Forget being politically correct ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! 
I can't believe < PROPFEMALE > is 4 already . I mean , seriously ? Lol . :) 
ahsfjhgjjhgahgsfjhag party down , bro ! 
If only I knew what I wanted to do ... 
zzzz snow again . On that note , I have no clue when I'll be up to Bangor next . This month has been crazy . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Make this your status for ......... at least one hour ... ( reminds me of the OO speech I did for speech club senior year in HS ) 
So I finally bother myself to cook dinner for once and what does < PROPFIRST > do ? Sleep . Story of my life . ( <3 you dear ! ) 
I danced with a goat riding a motorcycle because I think I need some serious help . 
night ! 
annoyed at noobs who drive 40-45 mph on Route 3 ( speed limit 55 ) in perfect weather conditions , then proceed to tailgate me ( I do ~ 45 tops in bad weather ) when the roads are slush . 
FairPoint communications ... lolololololol ... So yeah my phone is all static ( to the point I can hardly hear anything ) and the internet is down for like half the day during the day . We called them on Sunday but they said nothing was wrong . I'm gonna give it another day and if it continues then tomorrow they get a proverbial boot in the buns by me . I love dealing with those monkeys . 
Monica : the sexiest woman on the planet . never see her without peeing your pants . cant help but pop one when you look at her . always laughing and has a smile that makes you poop your pants . but you gotta love her :D 
I'm on a quest to make some spiffy custom < PROPMALE > for kgpanels , or making < PROPMALE > in general . I'm in an < PROPMALE > sy mood I guess . 
New facebook format blows my mind . 
Well I haven't had enough and I said I had my fill . The past does not exist and I'm told it never will . I guess that I'm stuck here like a plant on a windowsill . -Modest Mouse 
A few days late , but RIP Big Apple of Belfast . I've had many an interesting time trying to purchase alcohol from you . Also , Walgreens ? Next to a Rite Aid ? Seriously ? You've got to be toying with me . At least put in something worthwhile like a Wal-mart ( in a diff location of course ) or a decent restaurant that isn't overpriced . I swear Belfast is run by monkeys . 
Friend cleanup : if I don't recognize your name , you're gone . 
The first rule of < PROPMALE > Dole : < PROPMALE > Dole does not talk about < PROPMALE > Dole . 
I remember the days where I'd take random pieces of paper and crumple them until they were soft as tissue . I'd also listen to a song over and over and try to play it on my flute ... and eventually I'd become masterful at playing said song . Life just isn't as simple anymore . I like things better the way they are now , for what it's worth . 
And then this one time on Facebook , I put in this status message .. 
Finally a profile picture where I somewhat resemble my age . Who am I kidding , I still look 16 ! xD Been working on a ton of < PROPMALE > lately , and who knows , I may scan some of it and post pictures . :D 
Doing all my playing around on the Internet now before it goes down for the early afternoon . 
My old livejournal entries make my present self look perfectly sane . 
\We're still chasing our tails and the rising sun and our dark water planet still spins in a race where no one wins and no one's one . \ " ~ Switchfoot " 
I was talking to < PROPFIRST > earlier today and he told me that it makes no sense to him that I have a harder time skating with quads than I do with rollerblades . For some reason ( with me anyway ) , it's infinitely easier to skate with rollerblades than it is to skate with quads . And on that note , I'm thinking about taking < PROPFEMALE > skating for the first time . 
Moo . 
It's too wet outside to do anything . Hrmph . 
Crazy weekend incoming ! Friday- < PROPFEMALE > , Saturday- Sisters weekend ( zomg ! :DDDD ) , Sunday- get back and < PROPFIRST>'s birthday partay . ^_^ 
On a completely unrelated note , I feel kinda like a bad friend ' cause I never call anyone or talk to people up in Bangor . So , I'm thinking a nice goal of mine is to find some time at least once a month to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone up there , maybe go for lunch and just shoot the breeze . I think my next foreseeable free day is Sunday the 14th . Lemme know , fun is always a good thing to have . 
I'm back ! I have secured a day to just < PROPFEMALE > out in Bangor ! Next Sunday the 14th I'll be around . I'll be returning to all the old < PROPFEMALE > outs .. which seems to be just a couple , because I was really lame and never did anything . 
One week or so left for Belfast McDonald's , then they will close it down and tear it apart . Time to start perfecting my bacon and egg cooking skills , and to remember all the good and bad times I've had working and hanging out there . 
So a dude in a pickup truck backed out of the entry-only path of McDonalds , right out onto Route 3 and almost hit another pickup truck coming at him . I'm not sure what these people were thinking , or if they were thinking at all . 
My internet is running slower than Death today . It's taking me about 15 minutes to download a 5 MB file . At least it's working , no ? ;D 
Apparently daylight savings time is soon . Today- laundry , Pathfinder , listening to < PROPFIRST > play the Smurfs theme song ... I mean Centerfold ... on guitar . 
Awesome day . I got just about everything done that I needed to . Visiting < PROPMALE > was fun , as it's always nice to see someone you haven't seen in years . I'm gonna start my plushies soon , now that I have most of my materials . That should be an interesting diversion . 
Off to watch some Martian Successor Nadesico before I crash ... I'm actually going to start at the beginning since I don't remember much of it . This will be an entertaining change of pace . :) 
Tonight- DS9 . Everyone loves Quark ! 
I don't understand this Optrix 3D bubbles thing . I mean , aren't all bubbles you blow in 3D to begin with ? Why would I need 3D glasses to blow bubbles ? 
Such a beautiful day outside and I have to be sick for it . I guess it's my punishment for being such an asshole . 
Hooray for fixed internet and phone ! They came out and replaced the whole outside line from the house to the road . Turns out the old line was all fubar'd . 
Going to partake in a bowl of fruit while I watch something ... then I'll crash . Night folks . 
Happy birthday , sister . God bless a person who's always had my back growing up . Life isn't the same when you're many many states away . 
Upon hearing the health care stuff has been passed , I am duly reminded of the wise words of my high school economics teacher : \There's no such thing as a free lunch \"." 
I had no idea til today that Coheed and Cambria is coming out with a new album in April . The random things you figure out when researching something completely unrelated ... 
Tomorrow for the first time in my life I'm gonna get a doctor ! I hope he doesn't turn out to be either a douchebag with a telephone pole up his bum , or a really creepy \get in the < PROPFIRST > I have candy\ " type . " 
Good stress vs bad stress . Hrmm ... people say there's a noticeable difference between the two , but both types still annoy the crap out of me . 
I hate those nights where I sit and stare at the computer screen for about half an hour and think about how I can miraculously change the things that I can't change because I don't feel like doing anything else . How naive , troublesome , and uninteresting . 
I am enjoying the proper spring-time weather that we are having today . 
Livejournal is running so slow lately . Maybe it's just a mass influx of noobs like myself who do nothing but think about stupid things . 
Also , omg , food is so tasty . Yummmm .. 
New Coheed album out , so delightful . 
You know that line at the end of where you enter text that blinks occasionally ? Yeah , I like that one . 
Nothing more satisfying right now than cheap 19 cent beef flavored ramen . 
< PROPFEMALE > plans are set and secure . Hotel's been booked , and we are ( almost ) set to head down June 7 . 
I really despise Facebook prompting me for this new profile info baloney every time I look at my < PROPFEMALE > , so I decided to nuke all of my interests and such . If you want to know something about me , just ask . 
This weather irritates me . I wish I could tell it to stop being so bipolar . 
The weekend : Saturday- School of Instruction in Auburn , Sunday- taking < PROPFEMALE > to Story Time Live in Bangor , also gonna find time to continue working on the landscape around the house . I have some marigolds and petunias to throw down . =] 
My ipod really didn't like me this morning . I couldn't get it to turn on , then when I plugged it in to the laptop , Windows prompted me to reformat it . Then , when I went to reformat , Itunes didn't start til like 15 < PROPFEMALE > later , then it froze up and I had to force quit it . Apple products drive me wild sometimes . On a better note , we had fun yesterday at Storytime Live . < PROPFEMALE > loved the Backyardigans and < PROPFEMALE > on stage . =] 
Oh , when the words are lightly thrown in a world that's caught in a writer's web , humiliation reigns . 
If you want to destroy my sweater , hold this thread as I walk away . 
Rah rah ah ah ah , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , ga ga oh la la .... XD 
And another nominee for noob of the year has been named ! Enter the dude who managed to get gas all over the nozzle handle at Sams Club . We're not sure how this person managed this feat , but it truly amazed us . 
obsessively sorts laundry . Yep , I intentionally wait until I am almost out of clothing before I wash it because whites are with whites , towels with towels ( NO LINT OMG ) , pants with pants , and everything else with everything else . I feel poopy running a washer at half capacity , < PROPFEMALE > me . It's a nice day for the clothesline though . xD 
Why must the cat always come into the bathroom when I do , and sit on my lap while I am doing my business ? 
is terribly disappointed at the lack of one-piece bathing suits . I did settle on a cute sky blue halter strap one . I am now ready for fun at the pool . :) 
And 100 < PROPMALE > is a long drive inside a car , 200 < PROPMALE > is a long drive inside a car , 300 < PROPMALE > is a long drive inside a car , 400 < PROPMALE > is a long drive inside a car , 500 < PROPMALE > is a REAL LONG DRIVE IN A CAR ... 
Bored and lonely , once again , so I've taken my socially inept self into town to pretend to be around people . 
Hopefully the crappy weather here doesn't follow us down south . That would mean I'd have to wear socks ! and sneakers ! :O 
Fun day with < PROPMALE > and my crew in VA . It's essentially time for bed though . 
The facebook photo uploader is bollocks so no more photos on here ; however , they will be over on my Photobucket instead ! =) 
Well it has been a wonderful time here in < PROPFEMALE > and hot < PROPFEMALE > with our lovely friends , but tomorrow we must set course for home and return to our normal mundane lives . 
Time to gather my thoughts ; people are tripping over them . 
Picked up a course catalog from the Hutchinson Center today . I figure if I can't find a job , I might as well take a class . Then I won't feel so bad if I get denied a job because I'm overqualified .. because then I'll truly be overqualified and not just too good looking . 
Today : Pathfinder game in the afternoon , working in the garden after dinner , possibly drawing and doing whatever til I crash 
Gonna clean out car rq and then go to Bangor with my daughter today . 
fried chicken 
ponders a way to meet decent people that are my age . Prefers the type of people who actually have a personality , and will be okay with my awkwardness around new people . Oi , oi , oi , wishful thinking , eh ? 
Two consecutive days of Bangor trips . Also , the Belfast Hannaford is horrifyingly expensive . 
I wish to pawn off this 90 degree ( 98 heat index ) weather to anyone . Any takers ? Anyone ? Anyone ? 
Today is much cooler . /doeshappydance 
South Park at < PROPFIRST>'s house . 
You think things about your older self that could possibly never be true about you in a million years . But then , time passes by and you find yourself becoming the same ol ' fuddy duddy/raging maniac/loon/idiot that you've feared you'd become . I guess it could be worse . 
Bangor this afternoon for a haircut . I have no idea what people are doing , so call me if you want something . I should be free after 2:30 . :) 
If life's not beautiful without the pain , \ 
well I'd just rather never ever even see beauty again . \ 
Well as life gets longer , awful feels softer . \ 
And it feels pretty soft to me . 
Suggested groups : I Love Being Black ... hrmm ? 
Hooray , clean sheets ! 
stupid cats yelling outside 
The only true pleasure in reading is answering unanswered questions and discovering things you thought you knew but didn't . 
If only I had more time just to sit around , drink coffee , and be lazy ... 
Generic term for things < PROPFIRST > doesn't know how to pronounce : ju < PROPFEMALE > ju . This applies to any language . 
Lincolnville Beach , then Rockland today . Perhaps a bit of funky dancing is in order too . 
You know you're getting old when you go to bed early not because you're tired , but because you simply don't have anything else more interesting to do . 
is perplexed by a certain cheaply made plastic hourglass . One of the ends is horribly uneven . It's bothersome . 
I have chibis that I want to scan , but I'm tempted to keep < PROPFIRST > in suspense . Forever . For . eh . vurrrr . Well , actually , I want to draw a few more simply because I can . 
I love WavePad sound editor . It provides me with hours of epic lulz . 
So I have found that getting a transcript sent from Bangor to < PROPFEMALE > is nigh impossible these days , and so is getting a hold of someone to ask about the form I sent in 3 weeks ago . Bangor High can kiss my grits as far as I'm concerned . 
Interesting DnD tonight ... will my character turn into a werewolf ? o.O 
I will be in Bangor on Wednesday morning to hound some jerks about a transcript . If anyone wishes to join me for breakfast , I would definitely be delighted . 
There are a lot of August birthdays , and pardon me if I don't get them all right , so happy birthday to all of you sexy August people ! 
So I think I'm getting trolled by UMA . I checked MaineStreet today , and it indicated that I now need to take a Writing Placement test . The only way they could possibly require me to do this is if I was accepted . At any rate , I should probably wait for the mail . 
So I was curious about that little <3 thing that people like things from on Facebook . I went to click on the link and Facebook was all like , This < PROPFEMALE > is not available because users have reported it as abusive/malware bla bla bla bla . Honestly though , if it was addled with malware , I don't think it would be the < PROPFEMALE > itself . I think it's the ads on that < PROPFEMALE > . 
I have paint for the downstairs guest room now . * squeals * 
hoo boy , another scorching day today . I blame a certain wizard's fireball spell ... 
Brace yourselves for tropical storm conditions coming in tomorrow night , folks . Pick up some non-perishable food items ( preferably ones high in protein ) , bottled water , and flashlights , and also bring in anything in your yard that could fly around and break your windows . Better to be overprepared than sorry . Stay safe , everyone . <3 
Hello to all my RIP buddies on facebook ! Gauging interest in Ulduar 10 hardmodes ! Let me know if you're interested , and also a time/day that would be good for you . I plan on only running this for a few hours a week , so we'll just extend the instance over a couple of weeks . Thanks ! 
just got back from camping ! Long trip , but it was fun ! 
My birthday partay is Sunday at 6 . Fried chicken , salad , other fun stuffs , and many amusing ways to amuse yourself . RSVP via PM by Friday . 
The agenda : finish cleaning , go to the grocery store , do a crazy dance , and perhaps a little bit of whatever . 
Finished < PROPFEMALE>'s pillow and blanket for her first full day at the 4 year old program ! :D 
mmmm yummy chicken dinner yumms . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes . <3 
I failed my Detect Concrete Slab check . 
Evil home stereo , what good songs do you know ? \ 
\ 
Evil me , oh yeah I know , what good curves can you throw ? 
I just got trolled by falling bears .... and I thoroughly enjoyed it . :D 
I took some sentence skill test for UMA and my brain is now a big pile of Engrish . 
I was entranced by the sheer awesomeness of your awesome gate here . 
:3 
Tonight : potluck , < PROPFEMALE > , then LK raid or watching Reborn til I crash . Or something . Yes ! :3 
The cops have finally noticed the obscene hole in the muffler ! Time to get the Lumina inspected and stuff . 
Kaboom . 
I have ingredients for pumpkin cheesecake . * does excited dance * 
The Lumina is on the road ! My cat is evil , and the final batch of pumpkin cheesecake I made is EXCELLENT . nomnomnom ! 
Meat Loaf + 8 o'clock in the morning = what is this I don't even 
I'm so inspired now to carve pumpkins . Lots and lots of pumpkins , and like ... obsessively too . And when I'm done , I'm going to take measurements and start working on my costume . Totally awesome Halloween incoming ! * does the < PROPMALE > happy/excited gesture * 
I have an x-acto knife . Flee now , my little pumpkin pretties . 
Making measurements for my costume . Yes . 
Had a super fun time out Saturday night with everyone ! 
I've been pondering for a good time lately .. why aren't there any bass singers in popular music today ? I'm not talking about country either . I guess pretty boys can't have deep sexy manly voices . :O 
The Saturday/Sunday agenda : Drag show , trick or treating , < PROPMALE>' party , and in between , bake cheesecakes , go on a quest for more fabric , create and carve the template into the pumpkin , finish the costume . Hopefully I didn't forget anything . : x 
It's snowing ... on Halloween ... DO NOT WANT . 
I think I partied too hard this weekend . :) 
wants voting to be over so I don't get those unnecessary phone calls from robots asking me to give them permission to < PROPFEMALE > out their agendas . Honestly I don't care as long as the world isn't destroyed ... at which point I wouldn't be able to care cause I'd be taken out with it . 
This election was merely an elaborate , well-orchestrated troll attempt . At the end of the day , we'll simply laugh with ourselves and continue living our lives . 
I have one cat asleep next to me and another one in the basement hiding . Cats are weird animals . 
The weekend agenda : This is where < PROPFEMALE > has no plans . Nothing . If ever anyone had a whim to kidnap me for some fun times , this would be the < PROPMALE > . 
The Monday agenda : bank , then to start on my passport so I can invade ... er go visit friends in Canada next summer . 
I really absolutely HATE this time of year . 
Finished watching KHR last night ! > . o 
I think I may have mentioned this before , but whoever designed Belfast and its traffic lights/patterns deserves a swift kick in the gonads . 
Omg omg , so I get to try making a pumpkin cheesecake with my new springform pan . It'll be like its maiden voyage . Oh , and I wanted to make yams too . Yummmm ... Next week will be so amazingly tasty . ^^ 
The Stag Lord is dead and < PROPMALE > took his leather pants ... which ironically enough wasn't the source of his power . 
Why on the job application does it say it's optional to give my social security number on the top with my name and stuff , when it's required of me to put it down later on ? 
This is your butt --- o \ 
This is your butt in prison --- O\ 
Don't break the law ! 
making pumpkin cheesecake ... LIKE A BAWSS ! 
Happy Thanksgiving all ! Travel and party safely . :D 
Finally relaxing after a long day of laundry , dishes , cleaning , cooking , dusting , and vacuuming . Yes folks , I cooked something edible . 
went to baby shower and pigged out a lil too much ( but the shrimps were tasty dammit ) . Fun times . xD 
No pathfinder today , we'll pick ' er up next Sunday . 
I just installed adblock because some stupid Flash pop-out ad froze my browser . Take that , you turds . 
My laptop , it is fried . Apparently it could not handle the awesomeness that is a female dwarf on a < PROPFEMALE > lord mount . :P 
The one thing I miss about living up here : Corn balls . Was just reminded of them while reading Engrish Funny . I haven't had those in like .. 10 years . -_- 
To < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s for dinner and Wii fun . :) 
Ohnoes it's snowing ! D: hopefully the roads are not going to be too horrible to drive to Bangor tonight for the midnight release , otherwise we'll have to go tomorrow or something . 
Success ! 
The snow is falling so slowly I feel like I'm in a giant snowglobe . 
It's < PROPMALE>'s birthday today , so chocolate cake baking time it is ! Hurray for fun daunting tasks ! Also I have all my fabrics sorted and gathered , so I may even get to start on a surprise plushie for someone ... >:D 
The agenda : tomorrow , go to < PROPFEMALE > and meet with advisor dude to review transfer courses and possibly sign up for classes . Then , off to finish Christmas shopping before the super happy fun time holiday extravaganzatonydanza on Saturday . 
All set for classes next semester . I just need to purchase books and other materials , and then visit my orientation thingy . The program I initially applied for had been merged into the Bachelor's in < PROPMALE > program . So I'm basically an < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > now . 
Type your name : Monica\ 
With your elbow : monicvsa\ 
With your noes : monica\ 
With ur eyes closed : Monica\ 
Put this as your status and don't erase the mistakes !! 
Family Christmas party this afternoon ! Good thing I no longer sound like a man ! 
With this cold , I can properly sing deathmetal ! 
At < PROPFIRST>'s house . The internet's been down all day today , courtesy of Failpoint . I was slightly disappointed that I didn't get to watch stuff today , but I was able to sort through files and do a bit of other things . 
So it's all like , I keep thinking it's Monday , when it's really Tuesday . My brain has done the time warp apparently . Nyquil is one hell of a drug . 
First nomination of noob of the year- anyone who voted for Majora's Mask in Game of the Decade on GameFAQs . 
Jesus cake is tasty . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all . 
I kinda wished they'd sent me my acceptance in November or at least sooner than two weeks ago so I'd have more than just two weeks ( around a < PROPMALE > holiday , nonetheless ) to get all of my paperwork and crap in . 
Dear handicapped lady in Hannaford parking lot : I looked both ways twice for you before backing out . Don't get in a huff and continue to pull forward while I'm backing up out of my parking spot . You can wait 10 seconds to proceed into your special parking spot in the front of the store . Thanks ! xoxoxoxo 
It's 5 hours too early for this , but I'm gonna say it anyway cause I will probably forget . Slappy poo gear to everyone ! 
One week until classes begin . This week I'll be focused on getting that paperwork in and processed . jkahgdhfgadjgjdhkjhgkjhgdkjshdgjhd 
I swear , Murphy's got it out for me or something , cause every time I get closer to being able to go to college , something has to set me back a mile . My original birth certificate is missing again , and I'm afraid I'll have to wait a few weeks to get another one , so no financial aid for me . But , I did find the character sheet for my first cleric . 
Don't blame the tools ... blame the failwhales who use the tools improperly . 
A quiet weekend ... the perfect way to celebrate the evils of going back to college . 
Off to class . If at first you don't succeed , KILL IT WITH FIRE ! Have a fabulous day folks . :D 
I don't think my teachers know what kind of clumsiness I'm capable of since they want me to have an exacto knife . 
First week of classes in review : Fine , except I don't quite understand my awkwardness around other women . I can talk and function and even strike up conversations around my male classmates , but I feel either completely neutral or completely averse toward my female classmates . * shrug * 
heading to < PROPFEMALE > at 3 after < PROPFIRST > wakes up so we can pick up the rest of my books and < PROPMALE > supplies , napping til then I think . :) 
Ok , so I went to the Lookout last night with some friends and the thing that miffed me the most was that the DJ ruined a perfectly good Oasis song . Never put a dance beat to Wonderwall ; it will immediately become Wonderfail . 
So I went to class and found out it was canceled today . I can has class at least once every other week ? o.O 
Someday I'll go to the topless coffee shop ... someday . 
I went to the doctor today and I weighed up at 116 lb . At this rate I'll be rounder and made up of more random stuff than a Katamari ball . 
A sister is a friend forever . If you have a sister or sisters who have made you laugh , wiped your tears , seen you stumble , cheered you on and kept you strong , post this . Put this on your status if you have an amazing sister or sisters !! 
I don't have to leave for class today until about 2 . Good planning with homework is a godsend . 
Ahoy ! I am now a pirate ! 
Another Monday , another drive to < PROPFEMALE > . 
jksajghfkjkjfs class today . Thank goodness I'm not going to bother punishing myself for minor imperfections in my work . I blame the ruler for causing my pen to get caught in it . :) 
< PROPFIRST > ordered my < PROPFIRST>'s day present and apparently it's coming on Friday . I could just look on the online banking and get a clue as to what it is , but I'm gonna be a good girl and wait . 
Watching some Haruhi Suzumiya then going to bed 
Don't call the house , someone failed at hanging up the bedroom phone . Orders of business for the weekend : cats to vet , < PROPFIRST>'s birthday party , pathfinder , perhaps < PROPFIRST>'s dinner , < PROPFEMALE > event , dinner at C & C's and probably pathfinder . Somewhere in between I hope to find my sanity ... ;) 
UMA's got signups starting at the end of the month for their trip to Anime Boston ... considering going . :) 
I love how facebook mysteriously eats my statuses . 
I suppose I truly am THAT horrible at explaining things and asking questions , as the guy I emailed totally did not answer my question . \ 
Question : this is what happened , I'm utterly powerless , what can I do ? \ 
Answer : Policy dictates we can't do that . We need you to do what you're unable to do . 
My vacation week , it is almost halfway gone . 
Politics : IRL trolls trolling trolls . 
I should just simmer down a bit . I mean , I'm getting good grades . And I don't mind it at all ( well I kinda do cause I'm not used to success ) . I'm going to start hitting the gym tomorrow , so that should help me be less frazzled . 
No class today . Party down bro in the snow ! 
Failpoint strikes again ! Here's hoping Time < PROPMALE > gets their butts down to Belmont in the next decade . That'll give the failures at Failpoint some incentive to improve their services . 
I was in walmart today where I saw a cardboard poster display for < PROPFIRST > Bieber posters ... and there was hardly anything left of Biebs ' face . Win ? I say so . 
Sent good ol ' message to Failpoint telling them to fix our internet . It may or may not work , so if you need to reach us , call our cell phones or home phone . 
If they cancel class in < PROPFEMALE > for this rainy crap , I won't be impressed . 
INSTRUCTIONS : Go to your profile . The top 5 friends that are in the left-hand sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . Can you survive ? \ 
My team of < PROPFIRST > Tackett , < PROPFIRST > Bowden , < PROPFIRST > Hubbard , Diron Driver , and < PROPFEMALE > Trainor . By some clumsy accident I end up shooting myself instead of a zombie . I just got nominated for the Nimmy award . The team goes on without me and wins . Woo ! 
I need to practice drawing a lot of various things for my drawing class , so any requests are welcome :) 
Had a fabulous time with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > this afternoon shopping for a new white gown and other things . My weekend is over already , such a drag . 
bahhhh class time ! wheeee ! Have a good day folks ! :D 
woohoo ! naked model drawing tonight ! 
My mind , it has been blown . Let's leave it at that . :) 
Week off school has begun , party down bro 
Myles : \if you smash her head against the glass there would be snakes on a pane \"" 
No ramen up in hurrrrrr . This is a problem . 
The tulip bulbs I planted around my birthday have started to sprout ! Spring is here ! 
School again tomorrow . Another 3 weeks til I get to party again . Hell Week is coming soon too . Yaaaaaay . 
People in my 2D Design class now understand the extent of my insanity . There is much to be said about creating an identity package and logo for a company that manufactures nourishment for various undead creatures . 
Bacon pie ! 
< PROPMALE > has successfully caught a fly . 
2d design is awesome . Yep . Also I'm addicted to katamari now . I blame this class . 
Less than 3 weeks til Boston , Hell week is officially over and I can start laying the smackdown on the long term projects . Party time , yussssssss . 
Totally tempted to write out an epic tale on this 25 ' long whiteboard . 
I've decided that getting knocked off a platform by wind spooge is perhaps one of the more entertaining ends of a day , since I couldn't find a decent anime to watch . 
Linus Project work at the hall :D 
Probably the most idiotic question I can ask , but does anyone know of any vending machines in Belfast ? I prefer them to be in an open space for an easy photoshoot and so they can be more easily used as a reference for a drawing . Thanks in advance ! 
The protagonist of this story is a zombie . Don't try this at home ! 
So I realized that I only have this weekend to work on my 2d design final , since I'll be away next weekend and the first set of presentations is the 27th . And I have to finish my first panel for the drawing final by Monday . I've been in worse situations . * remembers Great Gatsby paper ... ewwww * 
Is a bit sad to realize im at a block with my design final and didn't get the panel done at all for drawing . Suppose I can revisit my design wednesday morning after I've let it stew for some time . 
I'm having a hurrrrrp durrrrrp moment . 
I'm trying to find my little black dress jacket that I haven't seen since that one time I went to pj's . Knowing my luck it's probably in the land of lost right socks . The good news is those steel toed boots my stepmother tried to pass off as doc martens will come in useful . 
I woke up way too early , then I finally got back to sleep shortly before I was supposed to be up . Time to take out my frustration by doing housework . 
Getting up at 2 to head to Boston , gonna try this sleep thing D: 
< PROPMALE > cosplay a success ! Boston is fun times so far , looking forward to Coheed on Monday . :D 
So , this city apparently takes a fancy to revolving doors . THEY'RE EVERYWHERE ! And some of them even have plants in them . Madness , I say ! Oh and less than 8 hours until Coheed ! * bounce * 
It was a fun weekend but the party is over and I have to go back tomorrow to work on two finals that are due Wednesday . Will I finish ? Stay tuned for more ! 
Back home . Now to roll my face across the canvas in an effort to make up something logical for a final project . 
Gonna make myself look like an idiot presenting today , but that's cause I'm still groggy from the weekend . We'll see how it goes i suppose . Bahahaha . 
feels like creating something better than that piece of crap abomination she calls her final in Drawing 1 . 
has a backlog of anime to watch . Curse you , end of semester . 
Last day of < PROPFEMALE > classes : may 2 . Release date of something relevant to my interests : may 3 . I fail . 
Similar to a Russian nesting doll , if you were to break < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > open , you would find another < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > inside , only smaller and angrier . 
Too nice to be holed up in the computer lab . I vote we do presentations outside today . 
Advising appointment is tomorrow . If all goes according to plan , I'll be doing college writing for Session 1 , and intro to lit/interpersonal comm for Session 2 . I never thought the day would come when I'd actually be serious about school . :3 
Process - A+ , Composition - A , Presentation - A- .... SO PRO . 
I threw some plants into the planter . An interesting start to an interesting weekend , perhaps ? 
So , the class schedule is as follows for fall- Drawing 2 , 3-D Design , Intermediate French 1 , and history of art/architecture 1 . My drawing 2 and 3-d design instructor is the same person . All I can say to him is , good luck . Haha . 
Mother's day present will be here by the end of the week . I'm gonna wear it until it disintegrates ... given the way my last hoodie was worn , it'll likely last me about 7 years . 
Getting trolled by admissions again . Once again they're requesting my high school transcript and other things so I can be \readmitted\ " to UMA . Especially after having taken a semester of classes there . I knew I'd get what was due to me after I trolled so many people into oblivion . " 
I find it funny that people are displeased at Lepage's performance in office , when he's only been in office a few months . People are quick to judge and to seek out the negative in others . :3 
