Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 

what up new computer :) 
what to do what to do ??? 
finaly no more work at the shop :) 
A drop in the ocean a change in the weather , just praying that YOU & i might end up together ... 
no more car just made 9500g's 
moved in to the dorm we will see how it goes 
wow college is expensive !!! 
way tired .. i need to get more sleep at night . but i really dont want to , i like what ive got going !! 
first day of classes lets see how this works out 
so the first day not so bad 
im holding you closer than most because you are my haven 
over thinking the world again .. great 
May we never let the things we can't have , or don't have , or shouldn't have , spoil our enjoyment of the things we do have and can have . As we value our happiness , let us not forget it , for one of the greatest lessons in life is learning to be happy without the things we cannot or should not have . - < PROPFIRST > L . Evans 
get by just gettin by 
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > She fights and vanquishes in me , and I live and breathe in her , and I have life and being . - < PROPMALE > De Cervantes Accept life , take it as it is ? Stupid . The means of doing otherwise ? Far from our having to take it , it is life that possesses us and on occasion shuts our mouths . - < PROPFIRST > Camus 
home for the day :) c/t 
fire :) c/t 
can you hear me is anyone around me feel the way that i feeel now 
She's my kind of rain like love in a drunken sky .. she's confetti fallin ' down all night . she sits there like water in a jar . says baby why are you trebelin ' like you are , so i wait and i try and i confess like a child .. she's my kind of rain !! 
< PROPFIRST > it was on the cart path .. shankapotomus .. 
life is full of those who see black and white , but there are the select few who can see the color in life and your my color ... 
I may not have the softest touch . I may not say the words as such . And though I may not look like much . I'm yours ! And though my edges may be rough . And never feel I'm quite enough . It may not seem like very much . But I'm yours ! 
v for vendetta most epic movie ever 
once i lived for the big things in life and now i understand why the little things make me feel the best :) 
I love you , not for what you are , but for what I am when I am with you . - < PROPFIRST > Croft 
If you're my girl . Swirl me around your room with feeling . And as we twirl . The glow in the dark stars on your ceiling . Will shine for us . As love sweeps over the room . Cuz we tend to make . Each other blush . -Owl City ( the bird and the worm ) 
Communication . It's the first thing we really learn in life . Funny thing is , once we grow up , learn our words and really start talking , the harder it becomes to know what to say , or how to ask for what we really need . 
Among those whom I like or admire , I can find no common denominator , but among those whom I love , I can : all of them make me laugh . -W . H . Auden 
And I raised my hand as if to show you that I was yoursThat I was so yours for the takingI'm so yours for the takingThat's when I felt the wind pick upI grabbed the rail while choking upThese words to say and then you kissed me . I knew it from the startSo my arms are open wideYour head is on my stomachAnd we're trying so hard not to fall asleepHere we areOn this 18th floor balcony . We're both flying away . 
Well expect me to beCalling you to seeIf you're OK when I'm not aroundAsking \if you love me\ " I love the way you make it soundCalling you to seeDo I try too hard to make you smile ? To make us smile " 
Yes I Love Good Cold BeerAnd Mustard On My FriesI Love A Good Loud Honky TonkThat Rocks On Friday NightAnd Hell Yes I Love My TruckBut I Want You To KnowHoney I Love Your Love The Most 
I love you , Grey sweatpants , No makeup , So perfect , Our love is comfortable and so broken in . 
Been a long timeSince I've laid with you in bedConversations , full of words you never saidI got your messageBut I didn't hear the ringing bellI gave into the lonelinessBut I didn't give up nothing else 
Without you , there's no reason for my story And when I'm with you I can always act the same Forever , yeah if we're together We can make it better 
The stars < PROPFEMALE > down to kiss you , And I lie awake I miss you , Pour me a heavy dose of atmosphere . Cause I'll doze off safe and soundly , But I'll miss your arms around meI'll send a postcard to you dear , Cause I wish you were here . 
paper due thursday freaking fantastic 
i just want to know that you'll becoming home ... 
facebook = spanish paper not getting done 
I walk slowly when I'm on my own . Yeah but frankly I still feel alone . So I may as well ditch my dismay . 
rain washes away everything that went wrong during the day but it never makes you feel any better . \\ 
And I knew it from the start So my arms are open wide Your head is on my stomach And we're , we're trying so hard not to fall asleep But Here we are On this 18th floor balcony ... We're both flying away . 
if my heart was a house you'd be home 
Where do you go when you're lonelyWhere do you go when you're blueWhere do you go when you're lonelyI'll follow youWhen the stars go bluestars go bluestars go bluestars go blue 
who else hates it when there is nothing to do but you are to awake to go to sleep ???? 
And hell yes i love my dog ! And < PROPFIRST > d in my coke ! But < PROPFEMALE > i love your love . Yeah i love your love . I love your love the most ! 
friday night depression on a sunday afternoon ... 
beer league 9 
trippin it up to the girls game :) 
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
We have to keep trying things we're not sure we can pull off . If we just do the things we know we can do ... you don't grow as much . You gotta take those chances on making those big mistakes . -Cybill Shepherd 
i think a lot sometimes about life , sometimes about the world , and sometimes about YOU 
good thing im going to sleep tonight not 
Love is never wanting to lose faith , never wanting to give up , and never truly moving on . Love is knowing and praying in the deepest part of what's left of your heart that they feel the same . -CourtneyJo Wright 
I am nothing special of this I am sure . I am just a common man with common thoughts . There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten . But I've loved another with all my heart and soul , and to me , that has always been enough . < PROPMALE > Sparks 
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own . < PROPFIRST > Heinlein 
Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary . What we need is to love without getting tired . Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies . -Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
friends are the reason im still alive 
I just dont feel like me anymore 
gay ppl at bio life missed the largest vain in my arm and had to do the other one ... 
i feel like a < PROPFEMALE > , you cant stop my shine , up in cloud nine , im solo , im ridin solo 
I hold it true , whatever befall ; I feel it , when I sorrow most ; ' Tis better to have loved and lost Than never to have loved at all . -Lord < PROPMALE > Tennyson 
food is calling to my tummy 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS to all !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm wide awake and so alive Ringing like a < PROPFEMALE > Tell me this is paradise And not someplace I fell ' Cause I keep on fallin ' down I wanna feel the car crash I wanna feel the capsize I wanna feel the bomb drop , the earth stop ' Til I'm satisfied 
Life is uncharted territory . It reveals its story one moment at a time . - < PROPFIRST > Buscaglia 
We were given : Two hands to hold . To legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else . For us to find . Unknown 
Don't let someone become your everything , because when they're gone you have nothing ! - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
pulling an all nighter why because i have live and two of thee greatest guys to game with goyo and calib !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Love is like dew that falls on both nettles and lilies . -Swedish Proverb 
It ain't about how hard ya hit . It's about how hard you can get it and keep moving forward . How much you can take and keep moving forward . That's how winning is done ! Now if you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth . - < PROPMALE > Balboa 
horoscopes are so fun and interesting :) 
I've got some friends , some that I hardly knowBut we've had some times , I wouldn't trade for the worldWe < PROPMALE > these days down with talks of the places that we will go We live on front porches and swing life away , We get by just fine here on minimum wageIf love is a labor I'll slave till the end , I won't cross these streets until you hold my hand .... until you hold my hand -Rise Against- \Swing Life Away \"" 
I need to be bold Need to jump in the cold water Need to grow older with a girl like you Finally see you are naturally The one to make it so easy When you show me the truth Yeah , I'd rather be with you Say you want the same thing too < PROPFIRST > Radin- I'd rather be with you .. 
If you're in a bad situation , don't worry it'll change . If you're in a good situation , don't worry it'll change . - < PROPFIRST > A . < PROPFEMALE > , Sr 
what to do on a lonely sunday after noon ??????? wait ik :) 
So don't let anyone scare you . You know that I'll protect you . Always , now through the thick and thin . Until the end . You better watch it . You know you don't cross it because . I'm always here for you , and I'll be here for you . I know how it feels believe me . I've been there , and I know what it feels like Metro Station - < PROPFEMALE > 
There are finer fish in the sea than have ever been caught . < PROPFEMALE > Proverbs 
It's the hard moments in life where you really wonder your self worth and the weight of your actions in life . And with that it shows that it is what you choose to do with your life that really matters . And that but getting there is half of the battle . And in the end all you can hope is that you have done the right thing to the best of your ability and look back without regret and with a smile . 
So they just passed a health care plan written by a committee whose chairman says he didn't understand it , passed by a Congress that exempts themselves from it , signed by a president who smokes , with funding administered by a treasury chief who didn't pay his taxes , all to be overseen by a surgeon general who is obese ,....... and better yet it is to be financed by a country that's broke ? \Repost if you agree ! " 
Here's to lookin ' at you kid ! 
well I have time and she gas freedom but when a heart breaks it don't breakeven 
the internet what's that seriously what's the internet ? 
there aint no way but the hard way so get used to it ! 
I wish I could float through life and have everything be simple . because right now I'm just lost and its hard to see where I'm going . I know where I want to be but right now I'm lost and alone . I wish . 
I've come undone But you make sense of who I am Like puzzle pieces in your eye\ 
Then I'll see your faceI know I'm finally yours I find everything I thought I lost before You call my name I come to you in pieces So you can make me whole ! ( Pieces by Red ) 
my plans for tonight have already been shattered and its only 8:21 
if only you were here with me now under the stars . 
Nates grad party 6 to 9 at the house . Stop over and say HI ! 
please don't ask me what I like about you cause its every little thing you do and that's the way you make me feel . 
have you ever had one of those days when everything you hear hits you down deep in your heart . today is that day 
is it bad that this week was just a really long weekend to me ? 
today was a good day the hawks went 2 and 0 welcome back to the chip ! 
falling asleep is hard to do when you know you want someone and you know you can't have them ? 
soccer at 7 should be good 
music clothes car keys munchies drinks gas all check trippin to Wisconsin 
new predators movie should be sweet ! 
eggs or pancakes ? that is the question 
what to do on a night so nice as this ? 
getting ready to leave just waiting on the old guys . call text the drives going to be a long one ! 
\music is my time machine \"" 
\I'm a little dysfunctional don't ya know .. if you push me it might be bad ! \"" 
iowa here I come ! 
what comes up must come down such is the circle of life . Its just some peoples downs are a lot bigger than their ups ! 
new car to me 
grey skys ahead its the story of my life 
I'll be up up and away \ 
\ 
up up and away \ 
cuz they gon ' judge me anyway so whatever 
gimme that girl ! 
when you smile the hole world stops and stares for awhile ! 
I'm gunna make you smile ! 
I need someone to make new happy memories with 
Omaha !!! 
Thanks everyone ! 
I'm that man on the < PROPFEMALE > . up up up on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Leavin for Canada ! its a long drive hit me up 
soaring through paradise when I close my eyes ! 
my eyes 20-20 so 
goodnight world !! thanks for all the love !! 
in a world full of sinners my thoughts are my sanctuary 
I'm in a spaceship out in space ! 
let's get out there and melt some faces 
white castle :) 
I\ 
believe in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to\ 
put this on their wall . In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front\ 
of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at The Gates of\ 
Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid\ 
to show it : repost . 
busy day till i < PROPFEMALE > out with someone new ! 
if your lifes got somethin missin put a girl in it 
explore your mind\ " , 2010-11-16 08:02:43 " 
thanks all for all your help ! music says everything I can't thank you 
thank god for all I've missed cause I led me here to this ... 
leavin for canada soon it going to be a long ride and the car is going to be full hit me up so i dont go insane . 
back in the states :) 
home sweet home 
The food was amazing 
my o my your so go lookin 
we're gunna have a good day 
when you smile the whole world stops and stares for awhile 
break ! 
and so the long night begins 
best part of work any day is when < PROPFIRST > freaks and swears up a storm .. 
need something to do ideas ? 
I don't bust back cause I shoot first 
I want you here cause I always smile when I see your 
can't see in front of me so I move in stealth 
saw a white explore sport and wanted it to be nate 
I'm so glad I got a blender for my birthday 
First Class of the semester prof is a no show i call that a good day ! 
Why do we sleep through Church , but stay awake for a 3 hour movie ? Why is it hard to pray , but easy to cuss ? Why is it hard to re- post a Godly bulletin , but easy to re-post the mean ones ? Why can people worship a celebrity , but not God ? Gonna ignore this ? Afraid to get laughed at ? The Lord said , \If you deny me in front of your friends . I will deny you in front of my Father . \ " Re-post this if you believe in Jesus " 
\I finally did it for real \"" 
So my phone is broke and my new one is on backorder . Email me or contact me here if you need something and ill get back when I can . 
Needs phone < PROPFIRST > because he got a new phone . 
just want to feel comfortable 
scars are just souvenirs and the past is never far away 
boredom CALLS me name anybody want to help shut it up ? 
its like narnia in MY purse < PROPFEMALE > 
I 
cupid ran out arrows so he hit me with a javelin 
Woot Woot its valenties day lets all get some ! 
she taste so good she taste like donalds french fries 
hockey 1215 playoffs !!! 
\just because theres a goalie doesnt mean i cant score\ " < PROPFIRST > Schroeder " 
is it bed time(questionmark ) 
Leaving for Canada now be back tomorrow :) 
back in the states 
lifes just a beach and I'm just playin in the sand ! 
hit me up if your bored i got something for you to do !!! 
I don't bust back because I shoot first !! 
what to do , what to do ??? 
I think I just readdicted to brick breaker ! 
there aint no place I'd rather be sitting next to you next to me 
state hockey baby ! 
lazy song by < PROPMALE > mars story of my life ?!! 
rule 2 don't leave the trail .. rule 5 you can break rule 2 for pretty female or small cute puppy ! 
welcome to amateur hour bowling ! 
Needs a persuasive speech topic any ideas ?? 
this shits chess ! it aint checkers ! 
needs a topic for a persuasive speech !! 
CSU ! 
clouds go away ! 
bored ! 
why is life so boring 
country always hits the spot ! 
there is nothing to do in madelia !!!! 
A BAT JUST ATTACKED < PROPMALE > AND I !!!!!!!!! AND I CAUGHT IT WITH MY HANDS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Its BEAutiful outside !! 
shorts and a t shirt !! 
STUMBLEUPON . COM !!!!!! 
party rockers in the house tonight !!!!!! 
what to do before class today ? 
what to do during class ?? 
the show goes on !! 
the Merc is alive ! 
Rain and Country music this will be a good day ! 
You can look all over but NO you'll never find(Hot shit ) like mine Cause I provide That new new 
there aint nothin bout you that don't do something for me . 
You know the drill ...! 
classic case of guy on the ground .. 
work work work all day long !!! 
when I bounce it off the wall o feel like angry birds- < PROPMALE > 
Happy Easter 
< PROPFIRST > ryder of the bruins is a beast ! 
I'm on my grind !! :) 
yessss its on and poppin ! 
jammin to girl talk ! 
hey hey hey everybody we got a first timer over here ! 
some things you enjoy more without women . Looking at other women , for example , 
nothing better then falling asleep to the rain . 
I'm on my level .. 
CAPS LOCK !!! 
and the love kick starts again ... 
is this your village baboon ?? its so big ! - jungle to jungle 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > . miss you man !! 
I wonder what she thinks while I think bout her 
ohhee I look just like < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and you're < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > moore . 
\want me to blow it on you face ? See if you sneeze ? " 
country soothes the grieving soul .. 
sleeping to thunder 
OH GOOD TIMES 
and the cracks begin to show .. 
just got a full body rotation From two chicks in a bag seat to check me out .. lol 
back from Iowa ! 
is wishing the boat was clean and didn't have to work tonight 
just got free < PROPFIRST > Johns ! 
Now don't get left get on your good foot it's only right . That you step and keep boppin ' til this shit unfamiliar 
\we're just best friends\ " < PROPFEMALE >!!" 
I got this by < PROPMALE > Bliss great song 
I lover her like P.M.W 
I just put window ac in my bed room !! its going to be cold for a change so jacked ! 
I'm so scared of getting older . \ 
I'm only good at being young !! 
The Merc is alive ! 
They call me Dr. Love . I come to cure ya baby . 
New phone ! 
\You never know how you look through other peoples eyes \"" 
GHOSTRIDIN THE WHIP !!!!! 
The merc is no longer a beast 
Its cold .... Why ??? 
\there can be only one ! \"" 
50/50 looks like a freest movie 
Today was a blur and its still not over 
Beef might rival chicken if your talking about ramen 
We walk the same path but got on different shoes 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
I don't want to be anything other then what I have been trying to be 
7 Days 
Mmmm birch beer 
Day and Nite Kid Cudi 
Doin ' what I please 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone 
I need a message ! 
\If I was a women id be a slut\ " < PROPMALE > " 
