Hi ! I just got facebook 

I have no idea how to use FaceBook 
I just got on facebook and it says that I have 4 friend requests . What does that mean ? 
Hey , everyone ! You should go on my website www.tomatoesarered.yolasite.com ! It's not very good , but I only made it because I didn't know about FaceBook yet ! 
Can't wait til end of qrtr ! 
I was just playing a game on the internet and someone had a score over 80 times mine . It's nice to know that I have more of a life than SOME people . :) 
Hey , Everybody ! You should all go on my website , www.tomatoesarered.com , because now Google pays me money whenever anyone goes on it ! 
Late start tomorrow !!! :) 
Cleverbot is awesome ! 
has anyone else ever thought that it's probably not a coincidence that the initials of bible studies = BS 
got a callback for the musical !!!!! :) 
he stalks you at night , calls little children ho's , and breaks into your house in the middle of the night . He is < PROPFEMALE > claus 
My house has wifi !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
In the best mood that I've been in since I came to sjp ! :) 
Its a wonderful life 
la < PROPFEMALE > es < PROPFEMALE > ( and so is google translate ) 
I hate it when my ipods wifi is being stupid and not letting me txt right !!!!! 
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuper bored ! 
:( 
la < PROPFEMALE > es < PROPFEMALE > ! 
SJP is officially two million times better than albany 
Just thought that I would let you all know that national opposite day is in two days :) 
is extatically happy for once 
just stayed up all night cleaning my room . Not sure whether to be proud of myself or worried ... 
Green Bay wins !!!!! 
I absolutely love the sci-fi fantasy interim ! 
life is way too confusing 
What sound do kangaroos make ? 
My phone is dead and can't be charged until Monday . I think I might just go die of boredom now . 
I . hate . snow . 
Feels pretty b.a. because he just friend-requested 83 people with the name of rob/robbie/robert hare . 
Is already regretting going to the dance 
WARNING !! Facebook will be closed for maintenance from February 29th to 31st !! Facebook wants YOU to Share this message with at least 15 of your friends for the best < PROPMALE > of alerting everyone . Many people will try to login from February 29 to 31 , just to find the site close down for those days with no warning . HELP YOUR FACEBOOK FAMILY --- REPOST THIS ! 
I read this on a < PROPFEMALE > on fb but it's so true that it had to be posted rather than liked\ 
\These things are true as a rule for MOST guys ( the good ones anyway 
4 . It's not fun to be used . Usually . \ 
\ 
5 . Most of us don't like open relationships any more than you do . \ 
6 . There is such a thing as too clingy . \ 
7 . There are times when even a smart guy won't just say ' You're right , I'm sorry . ' So bear with us , it just means we care about the subject . \ 
8 . You CAN call or text or instant message first . We like to feel missed too sometimes . 
9 . Don't just say ' It's fine ' when it's not , because most of the time we won't realize that it's not . \ 
10 . Even if we do realize it's not fine , TELL US WHY , because we will NEVER figure it out otherwise . Not because we don't care , but because you girls confuse us . \ 
11 . There's a limit to how much we can take of your comments on how hot a male celebrity is . \ 
There's alot more , but I don't want to clutter the newsfeed 
life is good 
Estoy muy en conflicto acerca de la < PROPFEMALE > ahora :/ 
My life just got muuuuuuuuchoooo better :) 
Hey , could everyone email : elise7369@gmail.com and give her reasons to live ? I was on a site where you try to cheer depressed people up , and i wasnt able to convince her and she is planning on committing suicide tonight so please hurry ! Thank you ! Its very important ! 
Just finally redecided what my topic will be for the english paper thats due tomorrow 
Fml 
Just got 11 hours of sleep : life is good :) 
probably time to start on my health paper :( 
wants to buy his sister a new calculator to replace the one he lost :P 
My older sister is officially an idiot who has an annoying habit of posting my statuses . 
ugh I hate not having a phone plan anymore ! Now to text someone , I have to send them a fb message , and then sometimes wait for hours for them to have time to reply ! ugh 
