is starting another job hunt ... 

will miss the HRC . 
is only capable of falling asleep during working hours ... 
is non-stop < PROPMALE > Hayes ... and maybe some work as well . 
thinks that manly men recycle ( and < PROPFIRST > too ) . 
is glad the day is over ! 
spending the 4th in < PROPFIRST > :) 
is all grown up 
Watching Team < PROPFEMALE > = a good end to a bad day . 
is suddenly in the middle of yet another terrible day . 
is still thinking about < PROPFIRST > ... 
is reprioritizing . 
is trying to stay awake . 
is wondering where summer went ? 
will be celebrating her birthday at Brasserie des Halles de L île at 8 tonight . Love to see you all there . To my friends back in the states - happy free slurpee day ! :) 
is catching up ! 
isn't very good at taking pictures of actual people ... 
29 days . 
loves < PROPMALE > grahams . 
is still trying to figure out class schedules - ugh . 
wins again :) 
is a proud member of team intern . 
is peace . 
My guilt is my only crime . 
just found 2chf in her new desk ! :D 
is thinking about the Lion < PROPMALE > ... 
is dedicating this next song to Batman . 
is busy making a mess ... 
15 days . 
just arm-wrestled a < PROPFEMALE > and won ... twice . 
is 97% awesome . ( 3% margin of error ) 
packing . 
is a < PROPFEMALE > girl , in a < PROPFEMALE > wooorlld - drinking quadruple espressos ( pictures to come ... ) 
had an amazing weekend in Zurich . 
hates you facebook !!! 
You'll never take me alive 
is <3 
just impressed someone with her \amazing navigational skills . \ " Are you reading this < PROPFIRST >??!" 
is wondering why she always seems to have a negative balance on her phone . Two days in a row now !! 
omg it's cold ! Ok , I'm ready to go back to FL now !! 
is packing again . Nashville tomorrow(ish ) . 
lied . Still in FL ! 
walked to class at 7-something in the morning with a bright yellow child-sized umbrella with a duck for a handle ........... 
So my second client actually showed up . Does that mean that I'm a real lawyer now ? :P 
I want to design a video game in which you have to take care of all the people who have been shot in the other games . ' Hey man , what are you playing ? ' ' Super Busy Hospital . Please leave me alone . I'm performing surgery on a man who was shot in the head 57 times . ' - Demetri 
omg Lady Gaga ??!! 
is officially signed up for the foreign service test . 
is brewing espresso :) 
Tomorrow : the foreign service test . Thank you law school for finally giving me a couple hours to study ... 
is bored with all of her profile pictures -- going back a few years with this one ... 
doesn't think that Obama deserves the peace prize ... yet . I do agree that he has done a lot to \strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples\ " and has definitely \ " created a new climate in international politics\ " -- but not enough to win the prize . " 
is pretty sure she broke another blackberry . Will see if someone at sprint can fix it tomorrow . If not , that's 3 in 2 years . Go me ! :( Until it gets fixed , I can't read your full texts , just the preview . 
overwhelmed 
lubbs her baby sis ! Aqsa Ullah is sunshine on a cloudy day . :D 
just heard her phone-voice for the first time in a while . Sounds like a 7-yr old ... thought I had grown out of that . 
is still awake , doing random insomniac things . Newest accomplishment : the creation of a new AIM account : atsquish . ( Couldn't remember the password or security questions I used to create ' awayatsquish ' back in high school . ) Does anybody even use AIM anymore ?? 
hates the Angels AND the Yankees . I JUST WANNA WATCH HOUSE !! 
Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water 
has given in to her reckless impulsiveness once again and bought a plane ticket home . Tomorrow : < PROPMALE > ! 
is back in Nashville D: 
Just when I thought there was nothing fun to do in Nashville I get this email : \Tomorrow at 1:45 p.m. the pop band Hanson will perform a short concert in the Vanderbilt Bookstore . They will play a set of three acoustic songs and then sign books and CDs for fans . \"" 
hates today already . 
likes to tape her thumbs to her hands to see what it would be like to be a dinosaur . 
has 69 farmville gift requests ... 
lost her phone while recycling . Lesson learned . 
is annoyed . Why can I never remember my own security questions ? Any guess as to who my favorite artist or author was 7 years ago ?? 
is congratulating Aqsa Ullah on a job well done . You're a winner . Duh . Proud of you . :) 
spent today re-watching the first season of The Office :) 
is on her best behavior . 
( literally ) cleaning up a mess of a semester ... 
I love the fishes ' cause they're so delicious 
12hr LOTR marathon on TNT ... I know what I'm doing today . :D 
is super . Thanks for asking . 
is H-Scream http://www.unlikelywords.com/2009/12/08/jersey-shore-nickname-generator/ 
is watching Captain Planet ! on youtube instead of studying for her PR final . 
COFFEECOFFEEECOFFEECOFFEEEE !!!! :D 
One final to go . Saturday = FLORIDA ! YAY ! :D 
Apparently , Panera on West End is where business happens . Been here for two hours and have already overheard at least 3 negotiations/discussions with potential clients . 
can still remember when she was talented at life ... 
EFF YOU TOO T-MOBILE ! 
packing ... AGAIN ! 
yummmm kheer :) 
in need of a new ipod 
should really start paying attention to low-battery warnings : x 
30 rock on demand -> :) 
discussing fair trade while drinking irresponsibly grown coffee . 
Teaching street law tonight ! 
PACKING ! :D 
As it turns out , paying attention actually helps my comprehension . Who would have guessed ... 
Follow your heart . Mine leads to shoes . 
got a facebook invite to her own house ! It was a very special moment . 
caffeine crash . 
forgot that everyone else takes school seriously ... 
has a bad case of 3L-itis - 35 days till graduation !! 
is actually being productive ! 
listening to her Wills and Trusts professor quote Kanye ... 
loose lips sink ships ... 
is still amazed by the unnaturally high number of mentally challenged drivers in Nashville . 
Last day of class ! :D 
On the last day of law school , I learned how to google ... 
Semi-Annual Hole Punch Explosion . 
is going to watch an Inconvenient Truth and call it a day . : x 
just submitted her bar exam application ! 
is done with her last law school exam !! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > ate my < PROPFEMALE > D: 
GRADUATION ! 
:) 
is listening to Coldplay and actually liking it .. does this mean I'm officially old now ?? 
Is actually being productive 
is amused by how happy everyone is with a tie !! 
New fav team : Switzerland ! 
Just broke my favorite pair of sunglasses :( 
Craving a new adventure ... 
is claiming a table at fidos everyday until the bar . 
Plane tickets :) 
practice MBE D: 
This has to be the greyest summer ever ... 
D: 
Counting down to July 29th !! 
is in panic mode 
at the airport and NY bound . Good luck to everyone taking the bar this week ! 
packing ... 
is working as hard as she can so that Voldemort can't < PROPFEMALE > out his plans ! 
now has interns ! :) 
Lovebugs !!! D: 
just requested her absentee ballot ! 
coldplay :) 
passed the ny bar ! :D 
putting reality on hold- I'll be back Thursday-ish ? 
watching my baby sis write scholarly emails <3 so proud ( and feeling old ! ) 
time for a tea party 
