playing the f'n hurry up and wait game with a job ... let's give you a job IF you pass drug tests and background checks .... it's the carrot in front of me !!!! 

To be in a state of Serenity and Peace I must look outside of myself and know that I am not alone , that there is something greater then myself , to learn to Let Go !! 
it's another day , a day to start over , one day at a time ... please Lord take my will and my life and do with it what you will 
Holding onto regret is like dragging the weight of the past with us everywhere we go . It drains our energy , leaving less available for life in the present because we are constantly feeding an old issue . This attachment can cause illness the same way water 
I am so proud of < PROPFIRST > !!!!! He PASSED the California High School Proficiency Exam ... he is OUTTA High School and onto COLLEGE !! * sniff * They grow up soooo fast !!! 
Going to < PROPMALE > today to see my friends ' friends ' new baby girl !! Awww ... glad it's Friday too !! Tomorrow is gonna be fun , party and swimming all day !!! YAY !!!!!! 
Sunday and lazy day ... glad to have a day like Sunday ... stayin ' home and watching some TV ! 
signing off ... tomorrow is a new day !! YAY !! I am sooo done with today !!! 
Tuesday ... really missing Medford fam and friends but NOT missing the HEAT !!! Sorry guys , it's only gonna be 100 here , heck what's 8 degrees huh ? 
I got it !!! The JOB I got a JOB !!!!!! 
Wow .. so I am already 2 days in new job and they have me working the floor and cashiering ... pretty promising for me and my family !! 
I get to go to work today , Noon-8 ..... if anyone is wondering I am now employed by one of the biggest corporations in the world , Wal-Mart , Inc . Folsom < PROPFIRST>'s Club !!!! Cashier !! (I have never cashiered in my life ) 
grrr .... frustrated that it's hard to get a hold of people when you really want to talk to them ... oh well ... maybe soon ! 
Hip Hip Hooray today is Friday and my day off !! Going to do some serious overdue shopping cuz I just got paid !! 
is finally getting over a stupid cold .... working today , tomorrow and Friday .. good hours and makin ' some monaaay !!!!!!! 
have been slacking on the FB and email part of life ... just workin ' to hard !! Apologies to everyone that sent requests and emails in the last couple weeks ... sowwy :( 
have you ever wondered about the number of people that are either incapable or unwilling to acknowledge their pieces and parts in everything ? Contemplation of how many there are and wtf the problem is can certainly drive one to become crazy ( or in my case , crazier .. heehee) !!! Life is AWESOME ... I love it !! 
hates being sick !!! Have been sick since Saturday and seems like it's not getting any better ... blah ... and have to work while sick ! Positive not made a 4 out of a 5 on my performance evaluation at work .. they really like me cause they promoted from par t-t ime to full-time * stoked * 
finally get a day off tomorrow !! Whoohoo .... work is great but getting a day off is even better !!! Hoping that things remain calm and collected !! Looking forward to December and a visit from a wonderful , loving friend !! 
is taking the day off today ... thank goodness not too busy , going to see my mom a little late in Tahoe and then watching movies the rest of the night ... back to work tomorrow at 9 am !! 
Let us not forget those that have , are and always will sacrifice their lives for our freedom ... including my father , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( 10/4/1931-01/17/2008 ) . God Bless < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Thank you veterans , soldiers , reserve of all branches of our military for my freedom and the freedom you give for my children to still have a place like < PROPFEMALE > to grow and live in !!!! 
is getting a day off today , seriously need it !! Feel like I have been hit by a really big train ... stress * sigh * is taking a huge toll on me today , mentally , emotionally and physically ... grateful to have a day off to recharge myself !! 
I can't believe that I'm actually taking the time to come to FB ... I miss reading all about all of you and your lives ..... my BABY has grown up < PROPFEMALE > fast , he is in COLLEGE now and he is < PROPFEMALE > excited !! Gonna go for a degree in ENGLISH and be a successful WRITER !!! 
I am going to go see my BABY Connor ( well he's six ) but I finally get to go and see him and be with him this weekend .... it's been over a year and I'm SOOOOOOOOOOO EXCITED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Back in Sac from my first trip to Medford in over a year .... i felt so at peace and at home ... didn't realize just how much I miss it ... the fire is lit and burning , on my way to making it really happen ... one day at a time !!!! 
Today is a great day .. the sun is shining , flowers are blooming and every moment is worth living ... hope that all is well with everyone too !!! 
It's hard to figure out in life sometimes the basics that we need when there's all this bulls**t in between . Friends are family that we get to choose and choosing one friend over another isn't the best way to show how much one says they care ... do they call that an oxymoron ? Saying one thing but doing another ? or is that called hypocrisy ? 
Issues ? What issues ? Aren't we all just a \little\ " human to acknowledge we have issues just like all the other \ " human beings\ " on Earth !!!! LOL HAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
HAKUNA MATATA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Truly missing someone today ... wish I could call them up and talk like we used to ... hope that they are well ... I'm sorry !!!! 
Life really is too short , thanks for the reminder !! Haven't been thinking right lately , life is also truly crazy and when my brain doesn't function properly it's all skewed and funky !! 
\A house is not a home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( note : I wanna be \ " home \")" 
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts . - The Buddha 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today ... blah !! When is it gonna be spring ?? 
APRIL ~ April comes with cheeks a-glowing , Silver streams are all a-flowing , Flowers open wide their eyes , In lovely rapturous surprise , Lilies dream beside the < PROPMALE > , Violets in meadow nooks , And the birds gone wild with glee , Fill the woods with < PROPFEMALE > . A poem by < PROPFEMALE > Steiner Rice !!! 
Taking the weekend off to collect myself and breathe ... ex moved clothes and tools out last night , wasn't expecting that so soon ... yet the Serenity Prayer is helping and I know I can't control others . 
Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty . - Mother < PROPFEMALE > Loneliness is not what it seems . One does not feel lonely because one is alone , but because of a feeling of lack - a feeling that something is missing . Loneliness is essentially independent of how many other humans are around . It has much more to do with one's self-esteem - one's sense of inherent worth . 
I'm off to work today .... glad to be moving forward after all that has happened ... you know the song \Move Along ? \ " that's my mantra now a days " 
If you know me well , you know that I AM____________ , I Love ___________ , and I can't stand ____________ . ( this should be interesting !! ) 
YAY !!! Mom is coming for Mother's Day weekend , have 4 days off straight and my son will be 18 on Monday ... WOW I am starting to feel old .. NOT !!!! 
Hmm ... thinking about that pillow that my head wants to lie on .... I miss it !! I think it got \kidnapped\ " .. lol ... get it \ " kid\ " \ " napped\ " !!! sill me .. it's Friday ! " 
OMG , people are soooo stupid .. trying to get rid of stuff on CL and have been almost scammed ! What is wrong with these people ?? I don't have time to deal with this , I gotta move and keep my job ... get a life !! 
Last break of the day , then going home to take a break !!! Miss someone ... wish they were here ! 
Somebody needs to confirm friend request .... Kidwell !! 
Hi Ho Hi Ho it's off to work I go !! Yay ( not really , been in the dumps last coupled days ) however I make an extra $1 an hour for working today and I work tomorrow so I get 3 days off in a row after tomorrow ... 11 days to the move ! 
Whew what a day , hit my head twice , have a throbbing forehead yet I am happy cause I get to see the person I've been missing for the last few days ... yay they're coming home and get to go spend time with them !!! 
Crunch time , packing , packing and packing !! Need help with the move and need to know where I'm moving , hoping the place that I'm going to look at today will work with me .... I need all the luck I can get !!! Pray !! ( 36 month waiting list for JobCorps here so < PROPFIRST > won't be going there , so pray for work for him .... no child support , no help from anyone or anywhere ... supporting adult children is tough) !!! Thanks !! 
All differences in this world are of degree , and not of kind , because oneness is the secret of everything . \ 
- Swami Vivekananda 
Okay the firs tplace I looked at is G-H-E -T-T- O , can we say ghetto ??? Don't < PROPFEMALE > to go backwards anymore , < PROPFEMALE > t to move forward .. please please let me get the place that I actually applied for and paid $60 of my hard earned money ... I need some peace !!! 
Listen you can hear the final Jeopardy theme song as I wait to find out about where we are moving and when ?? I always hum that song when waiting for Windows to load !! 
Moving .. well trying to move , I can move the majority of stuff that I have but I can't move the beds or the entertainment center , they won't fit in my van .... ummm some people ( you know who you are ) were supposed to help and I guess they just plain f**kin forgot ? Hmm who knows ? Nice to know I'm thought of , NOT !!! 
There comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama , and people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh , so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Repost if you agree , I just did ........ 
Done done done .... quit my job , gonna go hide under a rock or maybe run away and change my identity so no one will find me .... if I ever end up missing I'm not I just don't want to be found 
Happy 4th of July weekend .... I'm so relieved and the stress is slowly going away .... the pain is still there but mostly the physical , the mental is subsiding .... cleaned out all of the bad to make room for the good !!!!! 
Back to the grind .... forgot to eat today and now am really suffering for it ... I wanna eat a whole pizza !!!!!!!!!! 
All you bleak , grey , cloudy Seattlites need to come to my hood , it's been 100 degrees here for weeks !!! Summertime !!! 
I might not be the\ 
most beautiful woman .. nor do I have the perfect body , no one does .. I\ 
might not be your first choice ... but I am a GREAT choice .... I don't\ 
pretend to be someone else ... cause I am too GOOD at being ME .... I\ 
might not be proud of some of the things I've done ... ... but ... I am\ 
proud of who I am today ... take me as I am ... or ... watch me as I go !!! \ 
Copy & repost if you love being you !! 
Back in the saddle again , after a 2 year hiatus from AA and Recovery ..... I am dying inside and the only way to live is healthy , happy and wise !!!! so One Day At A Time and to < PROPFIRST > Fowler , you better still be sober cause when I come to Medford sober you'll be the first person I wanna hug !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Have you ever been criticized so much in 1 day that u just want to sit down and cry ? 
and for one moment , i thought you actually cared . that you actually loved me . that you actually meant everything you said . obviously , you changed . 
says , if money makes the world go ' round , then my world has come to a screeching halt !!! 
My life would be hysterical if it were a sitcom . 
Whether it's praise , love , criticism , money , time , space , power , punishment , sorrow , laughter , care , pain , or pleasure ... the more you give , the more you will receive !!!! ~ Notes from the Universe by < PROPFIRST > Dooley(featured in The Secret ) 
Tired , tired and tired ... all the physical and emotional pain is making me so tired . Maybe someday I'll be able to be understood by people that actually care about me , not just themselves .... ugh , i forgot we are all selfish in a pretty crappy way sometimes !!! 
It is like Monday's around here everyday of the week .... if you take a day off of work and go back the next , it's Monday all over again ... ugh ! 
Don't ever let anyone live in your mind rent free ! .. Or at least charge a damage deposit , you'll never know what kind of mess they'll leave after they're gone . 
This weekend is it !!! Moving into a house with a swimming pool , 3-4 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms , 2 car garage in a nice area of town .... I believe this change will be the best thing that has happened for me in a long time , plus I have 30 days of sobriety and starting to feel passionate again about life !!!!! YAY !!!!! 
The first step is always the hardest , and its always the longest . But it will always be the one you'll back and say you're glad you took . 
Vic ~ Loving you fills my heart with happiness because no matter where I am or what my day brings , I know you are there for me .... I am truly blessed to have you in my life , to share all things with you , it means a lot for me that you are here to support me and cheer me on !!! I love you !!!! 
Mess with me I'll turn the other cheek , mess with my family I'll be sure you don't have a cheek to turn . 
Woot Woot !!!!! YAY SEAHAWKS !!!! 1-0 DAMN GREAT for the start of the seasoooon !!!!!! Being with a whole hearted Whiner fan makes it even better !!!!!! Rubbin it in !!!! Great job < PROPFIRST > !!! Good to have you in charge !! 
GOD-grant me the SERENITY to ACCEPT the things I CANNOT change , the COURAGE to change the things I CAN , and the WISDOM to KNOW the difference .... Amen !!!!! 
I love my man .... he's the sexiest , hottest , most wonderful , caring , appreciative man I have ever fallen in love with . Thanks for everything babe !!! Miss you !! 
??? \ 
To Vic ~ ~ When I tell you I love you , I don't say it out of habit or to \ 
start a conversation , I say it to remind you that you're the best thing \ 
that ever happened to me . ??? 
to be with someone who makes me smile and shows me love without even trying .. makes me want to be better .. makes me feel like anything is possible ! <3 
Finally , because my best friend loves me , got my dog that I have been wanting for over 10 years !!!! That's how long it's been since I had a dog ..... Maggie ( Mags ) is THE BEST !!!! 8 and half months old , American Pit Bull Terrier , AWESOME personality , she loves life and is VERY VERY intelligent , with a beautiful soul !!! We LOVE her !!! Thank you Deniell for your generosity !! 
.... why when I do something good nobody remembers but when i do something bad nobody forgets !??? 
has the right to remain silent because anything she does say will be taken down , twisted , and used against her ... it's inevitable !! Shutting up now ! 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps to balance your world ... who isn't \ 
perfect , but is perfect for you .. who works hard and would do anything \ 
for you .. who makes you laugh and drives you crazy .... who is your \ 
best friend who you want to grow old with and who you are thankful for \ 
every day , then let him know & post this as your status . Vixsta <3 <3 <3 <3 
... its not about keeping the things that come easy in our lives , its about fighting for the things that are hard work but worth it , you are worth it to me !!! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Love completely , anyone and everyone , friends and family , give second < PROPMALE > s and don't be afraid to make mistakes , We all do , just learn from them as not to repeat them and move on . <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 I love all of you !!! Thank you for everything , every minute of every day , I am grateful just to have the < PROPMALE > to live knowing that I am , will be and can be loved !!!! 
I am so blessed to have the people in my life today and to remember the people of yesterday .... everything happens for a reason and I will always remember , for I have been given the gift to never forget and even if it's not good or wonderful it's all meaningful to me and my life !!!! I will miss you all !!! 
Moving off Drama Zone Island to Peaceful Place It's a nice place , visit sometime Make left at Hadenough Alley & right onto Happiness Highway ! i will b there !.... DON'T visit unless you are DRAMA FREE !!!! DONE !!!.... get a life and grow up !! 
It doesn't matter what happened yesterday , last week , last month or last year ; today is a new day . 
On my way back to Oregon , get to see my baby Connor and start fresh !! 
Made it safe and sound .... I will miss all those that were special to me in Cali , very , very much .... don't be strangers , you have my number , use it !!!! Thinking of you always !! 
knows that things may never be the same , but maybe one day they'll be even better . 
Homeless\ 
go without eating ... elderly go without needed medicines ... mentally \ 
ill go without treatment ... troops go without the proper equipment ... \ 
yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our \ 
own first !!! 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to re-post \ 
... this ... will you ? 
is confused ... I'm not sure why I'm confused but i am confused about being confused ... and that makes me more confused ... is that confusing or what ? 
It's mommy's week ! Re-post this with the first time you became a mommy ! \ 
May 10 , 1992 ( Mother's Day ) , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
It's better to end a relationship while you still care about and love each other than to end it after you hate each other ... 
I understand , but I'm tired of understanding . All I do is understand . For once i would like someone to be on the other end trying to understand me ... 
Thanks to all those that wished me a Happy Birthday <3 <3 <3 It's unfortunately not a good Birthday this year , but I tried !!!! Love you guys !! 
what's on my mind ? WHAT'S ON MY MIND ???? I HATE COLDS HATE THEM , HATE THEM , HATE THEM 
Yay !! I actually got up before NOON today !! < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > on my back !!! 
Out of despair , disappointment and pain comes determination , self love & the strength to stand in your own truth , doing your best and ignoring the judgment . 
A smile is a sign of joy , a hug is a sign of love , a laugh is a sign of happiness and a tear is a sign of hope that things will b better . Never ever give up ! 
To laugh often and much ;\ 
to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children , \ 
to leave the world a better place , \ 
to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived , \ 
this is to have succeeded . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
GO SEAHAWKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOT WOOT !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
We are #1 ---- Oh Yeah Baybee !! Steelers and Seahawks , couldn't ask for a better outcome for Sunday NFL !!! Love it !!!!!!!! 
Happy Halloween !!! 
I have not lost my mind ! I just put it up for safe keeping & can't remember where the hell I put it !? 
Super Huge Congrats to the San < PROPFIRST > Giants , 1st World Series they have ever won !!! Love it when the underdog prevails !!!! 
I wish I could vote , not registered where I live cause just moved .... can only cross my fingers the polls will go in my favor even though I couldn't vote !!! 
if you're lucky enough to have me , don't hurt me and don't treat me like a piece of trash ... you will regret it , deeply !! 
If Einstein was right about insanity and repetition , and yet perseverance is the key to success , does that mean only the insane succeed ? 
Today is brought to you by the letters T G I and F as well as the number 5 as in it's 5 o'clock some where ... Have a great day . :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
It doesn't matter how old my children are they will always be my babies :) and I will never be made to choose between my children , which are of my blood and those that are not !!! I don't care if my kids are 25 days old or 25 years old , they are more important than anyone else that comes and goes into my life !!! Blood is thicker than water !!!! 
my filter has been removed until further notice , something about being on overload . anyone who doesn't wanna know what i REALLY feel or think please be advised 
is tired of feeling this way . 
... And I wonder if I really ever meant anything to you </3 
Don't ever give up on life . Go out and make mistakes , make A mess , make A fuss , make A noise . Most of all make the most out of life !!! 
This year , we're having a stress-free Thanksgiving dinner . I stuffed the turkey with Prozac . 
Going to church doesn't=being a Christian . It's much more than that ! It's loving the unloveable , forgiving the unforgivable & knowing God's love makes it happen 
God creates all things wonderful , amazing and for a special purpose ... SO Please be patient ; God isn't finished with me yet ! 
Be on guard . Stand firm in the faith . Be courageous . Be strong . And do everything with love . \ 
\ 
~ 1 Corinthians 16:13 -14 
What other people think of you is not nearly as important as what YOU think of you 
Life is short but sweet , you only get to live it once ! so love with all your heart smile with all your might and laugh with all your friends and live life ... HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!!!!!!! 
In life ... you may not always end up where you thought you were going but , you will always end up where you were meant to be . 
Everyday I'm learning more about who I am . I am seeing myself and others in a new light and today I have decided I will not settle for less than I deserve ; ) 
Q . Define \Egghead :\ " \ 
is wondering ... why is it that people who screw you over have the nerve to call you for help when it is convenient for them ? 
Love me or Hate me ! But first ask yourself , Do I really care what you think ? Ahhhhh NO !!! 
Faith is the belief in something you can't see or touch but know it's there anyway . Hope is the belief that you may someday find it . Without these 2 things life would be much more difficult than it is !!! 
when you're at the end of your rope , grab it tight with both hands and come out swinging . You'll eventually smack someone and feel better ! I am there !!!! 
It takes little thought or effort to be negative and complain . Praise , happiness , and joy comes from within as we dwell on God's grace , goodness , and blessings . 
Let's take a minute to mourn the passing of this week ... OKAY , I'M DONE !! LET'S GO WEEKEND !!! 
Hanging with my best friend this weekend , going to see a comedy show tonight and dinner , should be great !!! Life is getting better http://bit.ly/humdYo 
love completely , laugh like crazy , live the way you want too , and be the person you want to meet 
maybe strength isn't about never having been broken , but more about the courage it takes to grow strong again in the broken places ... 
I may not be where I need to be in life , but at least I'm not where I used to be ... 
Wow , so HAPPY 2010 is almost over !! Countdown to 2011 has begun ! Let's make it a good one ! Now someone hand me a drink dammit !! Happy New Year !!!!! 
Got a new book for Christmas and it's called \Inspiration 365 Days a Year\ " compiled by Zig Ziglar and has various quotes by a variety of people ..... " 
January 4-\Faith believes in spite of the circumstances and acts in spite of the consequences . \"~ Adrian Rogers " 
In case some of you don't know January 2 around 11 pm I tripped and fell down a flight of cement stairs , breaking my left wrist and lacerating the back of my head to the skull requiring 12 staples !! Happy New Year to me !!!! 
Going to nurse practitioner to check staples in head , medications and x-ray results from before I fell down the stairs 
January 6-\Life begins when you do . \"~ < PROPMALE > Downs " 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . . . 
January 7-\Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly-until you learn to do it well . \ " ~ < PROPMALE > Brown " 
Go DUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Represent Oregon !!!!!!!!!!!!! BCS National Champs in about 3 hours !!! 
less than 2 hours til check in time for wrist/bone surgery .... scared to death and sooo thirsty and hungry !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Daily Inspiration for January 12 \Knowing thyself is the height of wisdom . \ " ~ Socrates " 
It's been less then 12 hours since surgery , had a < PROPMALE > nerve block to left arm that is starting to wear off .... oooooohhhhhhh the pain !!!! Boohoo just want it to be done and over with and barely even started , have to wear a cast for 2 months !!!! 
Can't sleep , ugh !!!!! One more day cast free , then Wednesday the cast goes on for 2 months to complete the healing of my wrist . Surgery went good , have a permanent metal plate in my body and some screws too !! Will have to get a note to < PROPFEMALE > with me when I travel by air , like in March with my Mom to Chicago , woot woot !!!! 
Found out that sometimes life is fair , I get to legally drive again ( in Oregon , not California , funny people !!! ) ..... So I am getting a car and going to gain some freedom back , without always looking over my shoulder !! Today is my post-op appointment , think I may have to get on antibiotics , don't know about the cast ... we'll see !!! 
My Mom has made me laugh ..... Wiped my tears ..... Hugged me tight ..... Watched me succeed ..... Saw me fall ..... Cheered me on ..... Kept me going strong ..... And ..... Drove me a little ( ALOT ) crazy at times ..... But Mom's are a promise that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful MOM . 
OZZY on Saturday !!!!!!!!! With some of the best peoples I know !!!! 
I believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you Believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this\ 
....... 
Keep up the peace !!!! 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have an amazing partner , put this as your status !! ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
