i have the hiccups !! 

Its amazing how many people in this world can turn down a child or youth in need of help . Their future is going to be drenched in more pain and sadness with each child's walking nightmare . 
white 
Its my little brothers 18th birthday and I am soooooo stressed 
I'm A Bright < PROPFIRST > Of Sunshine !!!! 
Want to stop having depressed people and violence ? Love . One act of kindness to a child thinking of suicide is all it takes to change their minds . One kiss from a family member one hug from a friend is all it takes to make a depressed child smile . One caring parent is all it takes to warn a child about the negative effects of violence and drugs . One smile can change the lives of many . Have you smiled today ? 
On the Bright Side of life I have a roof over my head , I have a job , and I have people love me ! 
my mom is talking to me again ! woot ! 
The way of peace is the way of love . Love is the greatest power on earth . It conquers all things . 
Can normal people feel bad for a person and be jealous of them at the same time ? 
“When the power of love overcomes the love of power , the world will know peace . ” Jimi Hendrix 
Love in your life can make up for the things you may lack . If you don't have love , no matter what else there is , it's not good enough . 
To the world you may be just one person , but to one person you may be the world . 
I hate walking in the rain looking for the one person who would make it ok and not finding them ! Especially when neither of us have a phone . UGGGHHH ..... Its been a long day . 
Oh hey everyone my phone snapped into two peices a few days ago so I'm not ignoreing anyone just dont have a phone ;) 
Is super excited about getting out of class tomorrow ... and having some fun ! 
To everyone that < PROPFEMALE > told , < PROPFIRST > did get hit by a car , he was clipped by a lady that wasn't paying attention , but he is fine he didn't even get a scratch . There is nothing to worry about . 
\Life is what happens to you when you're busy making other plans\ " - < PROPFIRST > Lennon " 
It is a day for Peace and Oneness with nature . Love your earth even if its only for a day ! 
Click''*LIKE *'' if I've ever made u smile in ur life . Set this as ur status & see how many people u have made smile ;p 
Is Watching Naruto ! Wish < PROPFIRST > was here to watch it with me :( 
LOL Watching Naruto ! Wish someone was here to watch it with me ! 
Ahh the lovely sound of snores in my ear ! Guess I will grab the headphones to watch Naruto . 
OMG ! So I just took a personality Quiz and it was dead on then it told me what majors I would be interested in THE TOP FIVE were ones that I have thought about . ALL of them ! WOW ! it was totally cool ! 
Know me if you dare for I just might Love you to death ! 
You know going to school is like putting a bunch of Altoids in a Coke ! You just keep putting more and more in untill BOOOMMM !!!!! It explodes making a huge mess everywhere except instead of Altoids and Coke its Information and Your Brain !! Think about it ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , KY little girl , 3 yrs old picked up by man driving grey car , license plate : Quebec 72B 381 . Put this as your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent so do it , 3 seconds will not kill you . If it were your child .... what would you want people to do ? It doesn't matter how far away you live . 
So much to do and so little time to do it ! Especially when I have to walk ! 
I want soooo bad to go to SDC but I have no way to get there of course ! 
Studying for my Soc . Test ! OHHH ! I hope I don't fail ....... ugh ...... 
About to go to my Music Around the World class ! Woot !! 
Writing more on my story ! Havn't done that for a while but all is going well ! 
Its easy 
I'd walk through hell for you , let it burn right through my shoes\ 
\ 
These soles are useless without you\ 
Through hell for you , let the torturing ensue ;\ 
My soul is useless without you ... 
I'd walk through hell for you , let it burn right through my shoes These soles are useless without you Through hell for you , let the torturing ensue ; My soul is useless without you ... 
Happy Mothers Day mom ! If only you could see this ..... 
I'll \ 
always be beside you until the very end , wiping all your tears away , \ 
being your best friend . I'll smile when you smile and feel all the pain \ 
you do , and if you cry a single tear , I promise I'll cry too . 
Spending time with my Awesome Boyfriend < PROPFIRST > and his Grandma ! < PROPFIRST > come out of your room and spend time with family !! 
Sad I remember when my brother was first starting school . He loved his teacher Mrs. < PROPFIRST > . Now he is graduating high school . I feel so old now lol ..... 
Im trying to find a way from the Branson OTC building to the lost tree and back ...... how hard could it be ??? NOT !! 
Ughhh .... wow I don't know How today is going to work out ...... 
Why oh why did I not see this before The guy I adore was right in \ 
front of me And now I'll take a step back and look in your eye And\ 
ask why it took so long to see We're meant to be 
Love is Our Weapon ! 
Only in my wildest fantasies did I ever imagine I could feel this way ...... Over and over you take my breath away . 
Only 
Only in my wildest fantasies did I imagine I could feel this way ..... Over and over again you take my breath away . 
Does anyone want a puppy ? Her name is Tinkerbell she is a tea cup chihuahua . She doesn't bark . She is hyper . She is a good dog for someone with kids . Very friendly . Please they are going to take her to the pound if they cant find a home for her . 
Hey I am about to walk from Lost Tree to < PROPFEMALE>'s then to the Landing ..... Who wants to go !? lol 
AHHHHHH ....... couch ........... mmmmmmmmm .......... sleep ........... oh Hello < PROPFIRST > ! 
I love the way you say you love me ! 
mmm ..... just got out of the pool ....... gunna sit down and watch Accross the Universe with my Amazing < PROPFIRST > !! hmmmmmm ..... a very good night ! 
All my life Ive been waiting for and praying for the people to say that we dont want to fight no more there'll be no more wars and our children will play ......... One day .... 
Ive got the best guy in the world as my boyfriend . We have our own apartment . We have a car and I have my drivers license ...... Life is good ....... Just wish < PROPFIRST > was here so I could give him a big kiss ...... 
I pretend that I'm \ 
kissing\ 
The lips I am missing\ 
And hope that my dreams will come true .... and I'll send all my loving to you .... 
I'll pretend that I'm \ 
kissing the lips I am missing and hope that my dreams will come true ..... and I'll send all my loving to you 
Ahhhh hello Mother Earth thank you for lovely weather !!! 
Im loving < PROPFIRST > so much right now ! 
HMMMM just got home from a looonnnnnnggggg day at work . 9 30 to 10 30 ..... gunna < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > now ! WOot ! WoOt ! 
As I wake by your side My love for you I can not hide I touch your face \ 
in morning light Being with you feels so right You make me feel like Im a\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Like being inside an awesome dream And as I lay with you my dear \ 
Im just so glad youre mine youre here 
Yeah , You got that something I think you ll understand when I say that something I want to hold Your hand ...... 
I wish Life was simple . I wish I could prevent everyones pain but I cant infact I know I couse pain for some . The only thing I can say for you is I am sorry ...... 
If\ 
you are reading this , I don't care if we've spoken once or 100 times , \ 
post a comment of the FIRST memory you have with me that pops into your \ 
head . When you've finished , post this as your status . You'll be \ 
surprised what people remember about you . 
There Is an Adventure in Every PB and J sandwich ...... to my Brother < PROPMALE > its Adventure Time ! 
Transmission went out in my car ..... stuck walking again ....... ugh .... I got < PROPFIRST > to walk with though so I think I will be ok ..... until we get the car fixed ... 
is thinking about < PROPFIRST > wishing he was home right now ..... but he is working hard to bring homw the money ! I love you < PROPFIRST > !! Cant wait to give you a big kiss ! 
Its < PROPFIRST>' Birthday Wish he was here .......... 
I wish you truly understood how much I love you ............ 
< PROPFIRST > bought me a phone : > and he got a promotion at work !! 
dreams of a better world ... where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned : 0 ) 
If I had a world of my own , everything would be nonsense . Nothing would \ 
be what it is because everything would be what it isn't . And \ 
contrary-wise ; what it is it wouldn't be , and what it wouldn't be , it \ 
would . You see ? 
What time is it ...... ohhhh ..... It is Adventure Time ! 
The heart guides us but what if it is wrong ...... 
I know he's not perfect and I don't expect him to be . But , before you start pointing fingers , make sure your hands are clean . 
Life\ 
is one big road with lots of signs . So when you riding through the \ 
ruts , don't complicate your mind . Flee from hate , mischief and jealousy . \ 
Don't bury your thoughts , put your vision to reality . Wake Up and Live ! 
mmmmmm i love me some Doritos and < PROPMALE>'s strawberry lemonade .... yummy !!! 
I like it on the floor in the living room .... 
UGHHHH what a crappy way to start the day need to take < PROPFIRST > to the hospital but my car alarm keeps going off and the remote battery is missing so cant shut it off !! 
To every word of love I heard you whisper , the raindrops seem to play a sweet refrain . ” 
If I had a world of my own , everything would be nonsense . Nothing would be what it is because everything would be what it isn't . And contrary-wise ; what it is it wouldn't be , and what it wouldn't be , it would . You see ? 
I have a couple new additions and I'm not sure what to name them i was thinking < PROPFIRST > for the boy and < PROPFEMALE > for the girl but < PROPFIRST > wants to name the boy < PROPFIRST > Maximilian Pickles Meow Meow III ........ idk I like it maybe < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ?? 
I have picked a name and a kitten . I am keeping the female and her name will be < PROPFEMALE > Raine Pumpkin Cheesecake Meow Meow III ! 
Wishes she lived in a world where chickens could cross the road without their motives being questioned ... 
If both your children leave you and want to never see your face again because of fear You should realize that it may not be your child's problem but your own ..... 
What four letter word is the cause of most of the discord in the world , as well as most of the cooperation ? 
I want to rant but I wont ..... I love life just wish i would work out in my favor sometimes ...... 
Got my car fixed !!!! I'm so happy now we just need to move into the new house and things will go soooo much smoother ..... WOOT !! I am so thrilled !! 
What's an adventurer to do , But rest these feet at home with you ? 
I finally have my own house that I get to make my own ! 
Alright evryone so Pokemon as a profile pic went smoothly kinda .... but now it is time for a change now our goal is to get everyone to post a ninja as their profile pic ... 
Thank you everybody who wished me a happy birthday I love yall !! 
Let's see how creative my FB friends are ... Leave a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of your first name . It can only be 1-word .... then copy this to your wall so I can do the same ..... Don't leave a word & not copy .... that's NO fun 
