would appreciate it if people wouldn't call my home phone for me , especially if I don't know who the hell they are . Kthx . 

hates Sundays ... :[ 
boredboredboredboredboredboredderobderobderob fml 
SABOTAGE FTW 
HAS SWINE FLU 
< PROPFEMALE > >.< Gah , life's a bitch .. 
I . am . SOOOOOO BORED . :: headshot :: 
issss back from < PROPFEMALE>'s party , t'was fun .. I'm tired . Long night . Crazy night . 
is 707411Y 1337 . 
bought Animal Collective's new CD :] 
wishes she could play piano well =/ 
WANTS A KEYTAR OMFG 
NYQUIL FTW 
hates hates HATES her brother's girlfriend . URGH 
WWWWWOOOOOWWWWWWW I can't believe he just said that to me . 
is taking a shower , and then who knows what . Text er something ? 
is watching Weeds . 
THE SALT SHAKER HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY LOCATED ! 
is NAWT sexually active . Srsly . 
is not on a boat , unfortunately . 
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA :: deep breath :: AAAAAAAAAAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHA hahahahahahhahahahaHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHH .... Goodnight :] 
is getting some henna done within the next few days ... looking for ideas . 
needs to get out of this place . 
is in dire need of a haircut , but a Lunchable would suffice . 
thanks human intelligence for air conditioning . 
n'etudiera plus < PROPFEMALE > francais parce que el < PROPFEMALE > n'aime pas du tout cette prof de francais . Madame Heil a des favorites de la classe et el < PROPFEMALE > , cette fil < PROPFEMALE > qui a seize ans , n'est pas \une favorite . \ " C'est malheureuse parce qu'el<PROPFEMALE> adore cette langue =/ " 
needs to get the hell out of this place . FUCK 
plays music backwards . 
finally discovered just how you feel : you had fallen in love and expected a reaction , some strange kind of attraction . 
' s life is in shambles thanks to people who overreact and care way too much about other people for their own good . 
caaaannn'tttt sleep soooo you should text her :] 
thinks that all this construction on the new school is getting PRETTY annoying . 
Muss es sein ? 
is SCENEXCOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
is ' bout to be gettin ' on the roof ... to think . Last night was something else . 
Do a little dance , make a little love , get down tonight :] 
is thinking about going on stickam , but doesn't know yet . 
is going live 
wants to go to a roller disco ... if any still exist . 
ish going to bed . Haircut tomorrow , thank God . 
is turrrrrrified D: 
is going live in a bit . 
has finally been confused due to males and their ridiculous behavior for the first time . 
shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower 
bought some skinny jeans today so she can be SCENEXCORREEE like all the cool kids . 
needs a guy who is a leader , not a follower . 
' s mom will kick your ass with a wooden spoon and a can of beans . Not kidding . 
is seeking something more , something different than everything else . 
still wants a keytar ... 
is just .... shit . Shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit . S 
keeps on thinking that when this ends , we'll be the worst of enemies . 
MICROWAVEABLE WHITE CASTLE BURGERS ARE NOT BY ANY MEANS THE SAME AS THE REAL THING D; 
HATES HATES HATES Portage . SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much . I miss Covington </3 
Stickam tonight ? y/n ? 
hates when people take pictures of themselves where the flash is so bright and the contrast so high that you can't even see their face , just a whiteish blob with eyes and lips ... or when their pictures are just of hair and forehead ( and maybe body ? ) YOU'R 
likes to watch you laugh . 
is a wall . 
slides down the stairs to the eager street . 
, the swan , is beautiful and desists in the space between being and idea . 
JAYYYYKAYY no stickam tonight ; nobody's online XD anddddd I'm too busy eating all my brother's gf's food . Stupid bitch . I just got home . Talkkkkkkkk . 
So you think you can tell Heaven from Hell , blue skies from pain . But can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail ? A smile from a veil ? Do you think you can tell ? 
is making a new MySpace video . Probably . 
loves those Pick Your Five things . Dammmnnnn , I could waste all day doing those XDD New MySpace video , check it . 
would find a way without you . 
will take you to the < PROPMALE > and let you feel the raindrops falling down , seeping through your red scales . 
I hear the fear in your voice , but you shouldn't fear a thing ; your life's already worse than any pain that I could bring . 
BWAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA LET THE ( harmless ) EVIL SCHEMING AND MISCHIEF COMMENCE 
needs a favor . :] 
Didn't I know you , mystery man ? 
HATES IGNORANT PEOPLE LDKAFLKJDSF . Especially the ones who talk about how they know religion OH SO WELL and they don't even know the difference between christians and jews . >.< Just shut up . Please . 
apples + nutella = second best thing I've ever eaten 
WANTS A FUCKING BICYCLE but doesn't have the money for one D: 
will be the last to know and the first one to go . 
LOL BRAHIM IS MY PERSONALITY SOULMATE <333333333333 
Float downstream , throw the life-preservers overboard ; overboard with the compass and oars and start counting back from ten . 
When everything is lonely , I can be my own best friend . 
had the scariest dream last night D: 
You keep on touching on my hand like you want it . 
is going tooooooooooo bed . =/ 
has to go see old friends from California today >.< Text or something ; save me . 
LOL @vandalism . I hopez they get caught , that would be such ... sweet ... victory . 
NEW EPISODE OF WEEDS TONIGHT :D Ugghh ... California people are still here . 
Wow , Breathe < PROPFEMALE>'s new song sounds like something < PROPFEMALE > Spears should be singing . Sorry boys , I don't like it . Relearn the difference between pop and power pop please . =/ 
is turning in .... early night . Probably will be awake for the next 5 hours . Text/IM me eef you wish . 
...... and they're STILL talking about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? 
loves . That's all . 
TONIGHT WE'RE TORCHING THIS MOTHER FUCKER DOWN 
FINALLY FINISHED with that damn personal hygiene video . Been workin on it since 8pm or so ... 
smiles with reason . 
is soooooo stoked for today :D Ren Faire with mama , ARRR-EE and Uurin . 
Let there be calm so I finally can sleep . 
There aren't no returns for those with no starts . 
DO A LITTLE DANCE , 
abcdefghIDGAF . 
hates it when people fish for compliments >.< Just another reason why I hate females . 
To get a better idea try this : focus on these words , and whatever you do don't let your eyes wander past the perimeter of this < PROPFEMALE > . Now imagine just beyond your peripheral vision , maybe behind you , maybe to the side of you , maybe even in front of you , but right where you can't see it , something is quietly closing in on you , so quiet in fact you can only hear it as silence . Find those pockets without sound . 
Where you going , Runaway ? Anywhere away . 
is feeling soooooooooooooooooo good right now , 
thinks it should be a crime to feel this good . 
thinks some girls ( and a few guys ) upload WAY too many pictures . PROTIP : The more pictures you have , the more the probability of having an unattractive picture increases . 
finna go read some more of Only Revolutions , and will hopefully fall asleep soon . 
First time I've been up before 2pm ( without a reason , mind you ) in a loooooonnnnnnnnnnggggggggggg time . THUuuUUuuuuuuuUuunnder . 
IS FEELING SOOOOOOOOO GOOD RIGHT NOW !!!!!!!!! 
is soooooo stoked for Wheatland ! ZOMG 
just saw the FUNNIEST ad for a dating site : plentyoffish.com HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA 
hates the way you arrange your sentences . The rhythm of your \artistic\ " phrases makes me cringe . " 
Booooooooomblastandruin . But I smile because I'm faster . 
OHMYGOD STOP CALLING MY HOUSE AND HANGING UP D:< 
is totally gonna ( attempt to ) watch the meteor shower tonight C : YAY I MADE RASPBERRY JELL-O 
HOLY 44 NOTIFICATIONS ! It hasn't even been 24 hours since I've been on here , guys ! Damnnnn . 
shower shower shower shower shower shower shower I love Bleach :D Arrancar arc > Bounto arc x265889 
WHEEEEEE I'M SO EXCITED FOR TONIGHT :D and then when I get home , I'ma look for meteors againnnn :] 
Why does the PC 2011 class always get shafted out of EVERYTHING ? 
Staralfur 
If you don't know who Fleetwood < PROPMALE > is , your parents have failed you . 
wants to go to the store to get some Drank , but mama is all \MEH NOHH I ALREADY WENT OUT TODAY MEEEEHHH\ " D: " 
thinks Drank is totally worth the 2 dollars and some cents it costs . It made me sooooooo relaxed . 
is watching the new epi of Weeds . 
The soft escape of closing eyelids , the haunt of long nights still to come . 
OW OW OW OW OWWWWWWWWWWWIEEEEEE D; 
thinks that < PROPFIRST > Futral is a musical GENIUS . 
got WAY too excited over the final battle between Ichigo and Grimmjow . BLEACH IS EPICNESSSSS . Way better than Naruto , which can go crawl in a hole and die . 
is about to be watching some more of that Bleach NAHMEANNN . 
has ( FINALLY ) found the inspiration for a new hairstyle ! WHEEEEE I'M SO EXCITED TO SHOW MY STYLIST 
is listening to some Circa , then going to bed . Text ? Shopping tomorrow ! 
Out of all the times a boy has played guitar and sang for me , not one person has played something < PROPFIRST > Green wrote ; this disappointments me . 
is loling @last Halloween when < PROPFEMALE > and I dressed up as scene kids for school and people thought we were SERIOUS . HAHAHAHAH Oh , and then the MySpace drama after-party where people thought we were targetting specific scene kids . Rofl . Great times . 
hates Kanye West with a burning passion . 
You got a death wish , Truant ? 
cannot explain to you just how much she wants her brother's preggo girlfriend to go crawl in a hole and die . 
would love you forever if you bought her a TSOAF CD :D 
has been looking for a savior in these dirty streets , looking for a savior beneath these dirty sheets . 
Excuse me while I kiss the sky . 
is so escited for her hair appointment tomorrow ! :D 
HEY < PROPFEMALE > ! 
STICKAM ! With new hairz :D Come < PROPFEMALE > out . 
This isn't just a waste of time ; addictions made me smarter , but you can't be high all the time . 
Who's going to the football game ?! Not I . Parents are going to GR tonight though . 
thinks Portage will NEVER be complete until it has a White Castle , a Skyline and/or Gold < PROPFEMALE > , an authentic mexican food store , a Kroger , and every store is required to < PROPFEMALE > Grippo's products and Barq's Red Cream Soda . 
MaDMAn 
is getting a new computer ! 
doesn't know whether she's more excited for Wheatland or to see all her friends when school starts . 
realllllyyyy likes this new coffee flavored yogurt . :D 
is thinking about going live , y/n ? 
likes how her and Jrmy are talking on fb chat , on two of my statuses and on one of his statuses . 
It started off so well , they said we made a perfect pair . I clothed myself in your < PROPFEMALE > and your love . How I loved you , how I cried ..... 
wants to get some of that Rockaholic - Dirty Secret Dry Shampoo from Tigi . That way I can bring it to school and spray it on all the kids with greasy hair ! PROBLEM SOLVED 
is going to bed . UGH LONG DAY TOMORROW ... and NOT looking forward to school starting soon .. still needa do more shopping ... and where has < PROPMALE > disappeared to ?! Text meee or AIM it , yeh ? sn on profilez . 
is a stone cold fox ! 
cannot turn 17 quickly enough . 
ZOMG MILKY WAYS ARE SOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOD 
UNLIMITED TEXTING FTW 
WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW I love how my mom assumes that every guy I meet is out to rape me . 
lovesssss youuuuuu . :D 
wishes Portage had a vintage clothing store D: 
thinks it's the most annoying thing EVER when someone texts you , so you text back , and then they don't respond . 
OHMYGOD CONNOR SHAVED HIS MANBEARD ! YAYYYY 
And above all , we'd lost the certainty that you would live . 
definitely does NAWT hate Jrmy . 
is gonna need a raincoat for school this year . Anyone know where to get one ? 
is gonna try to go to bed ... I have to wake up 7 hours earlier than I did today to not be a zombie when school starts . fmllll 
is NOT ready for school tomorrow . Hah . 
is gonna try to take in that summer is over while taking a shower , then going to lay in bed until I fall asleep , which probably won't happen for another 7 hours . Text text :] 
FUHHHHHH school D: 
has the best classes everrrrrrrrrr , minus Chemistry . Love the teacher , love the class , hate the people in it . 
Anyone know how much a combination lock is ? I needz one , and I don't wanna go to the store and not have enough money with me . 
So that paper that's due Friday for LaVasseur ? Yeah , I'm doing that Sunday night . Why , you ask ? BECAUSE < PROPFEMALE > AND I ARE LEAVING FOR WHEATLAND FRIDAY MOOORRRNNNNINNNNGGGGGG !!!! 
thinks some people REALLY need to grow up . :: sigh :: Going to bed . Texty texty ; I probably won't be able to sleep . 
has to have the best parents on the planet . Yeah , they're pretty strict , but being the good kid has its perks . 
thinks it has been WAY too long since I've written an essay . God , it feels amazing just to write . 
finished her essay for LaVasseur and is quite impressed with herself , just gotta remember to print it off in the morning . Off to bed ! 
Arrghhhh .. gotta go to school today for a bit to do the chem lab , then leaving ( probably ) when first hour starts-ish ? Then home , then Wheatlandddd !!!! 
is just sayin ' that Wheatland was the best time of my life , and I want to go back . 
thinks that electricity and plumbing are truly amazing things . 
Let it be . 
just woke up -.- \ Ughhhhhh . " 
is having some SERIOUS Circa Survive/TSOAF/Anthony Green withdrawals D; 
LOST HER BONEEESSSSSSS D; D; D; No more clickity clackity D; I hope they're still in the bandnasium tomorrow ... 
would like to know where all the scene kids in my neighborhood came from . 
Once a-FREAKING-gain , that really cool grape soda color is starting to fade to that nasty puke-lavender color . UGH . I just HADDDD to have my bangs almost white , didn't I ? 
hasn't decided whether today has been absolutely horrible or absolutely wonderful . Only tonight can telllll . 
feels sooo sick D: and is generally frustrated with everything right now . Oh yeah , and I decided that today was an absolutely horrible day . 
Anyone else taking the PSAT ? Because I aaaammmmm . 
RED RICE AND BEANS ^.^ 
\There may still be unresolved issues left over from a recent emotional meltdown and they probably won't be put to rest today . But you do have the capability of raising the game to a higher level where struggling for dominance or survival becomes less important . Acting with love instead of fear allows you to let go of anger and resentment . \ " Way too accurate . " 
actually did her homework tonight ! 
is looking for a good book to read . I already have a list , but anyone have any suggestions ? 
ZOMG < PROPFEMALE > BIT ME 
The make up on your pillow , a smear across your face : a tribute to your evening ; everyday's the same . Your looks can't save you now , the green in your eyes . Jealousy is in the future . It's a long fall from the top . 
wants to be a mime for Halloween REALLY BADLY 
thinks too much to be sane . 
Wow , chemists ( on average ) make about 3 times more ( annually ) than cosmetologists do ? Hellllooo chemistry :] 
feels on top of the world right now :] 
just wrote her paper for CWR , and it's absolutely horrible . I could've written a better paper when I was in fourth grade . However , I must devote my time to my paper for Lavasseur's class . I hate taking advantages of teachers , and it makes me want to write a note to Mrs. Hazen , apologizing for the poor quality of work . Ughhhh . 
\Don't be afraid of negativity because it offers a perspective that can move you closer to the truth . \ " I have the most accurate horoscopes . " 
is getting her hair cut today . :D AND THIS RAIN NEEDS TO GTFO . 
is wondering why a certain person keeps calling her cell phone without leaving a voicemail . 
forgot alllllll about homecoming week . Ughhhh , I REALLY don't want to go to school now . 
This is why I turn and walk away from everything . 
knows now what she needs and exactly how to get it . 
is cold-hearted . Apparently . =/ 
' s lowest grade is in business math . Is that sad ? 
Maybe you're mistaken for someone who cares . 
has the best daddy in the entire worldddd :D and really wants a class hoodie mhm mhm . 
All I want are windows ... 
thinks it's a crime to have to wake up at 6 in the a.m.z on a Saturday D: 
just had a dream that she told off her brother's girlfriend and called her brother a pedo cradle-robber . It was amazing . 
thinks the words \love\ " and \ " hate\ " shouldn't be used as loosely as they are . :: sigh :: Kids today . " 
thinks it's really awesome how only CMS doesn't have school because of sicknesses . Why does PPS always have to shaft its students out of everything ? 
is still thinkin ' about Shakespeare . Thank you , < PROPFIRST > . 
hopes ( thinks ? ) her audition went well . 
still doesn't have her homework done . This is awesome . 
Doors open without knocking . 
just made a sad excuse for a sock puppet . 
is beginning to fall ill D: 
feels soooooooooooo sick ughhh :[ 
won't be at school until third or fourth hour . Doctor's appointment mmmmhmm . 
Control yourself ; take only what you need from it . 
still has the freaking Imperial March stuck in her head :[ 
F is for Facebook ; because they can't make friends in real life . 
is thoroughly enjoying her morning coffee . 
will miss the boredom and the freedom and the time spent alone . 
How happy is the blameless vestal's lot ! The world forgetting , by the world forgot . Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ! Each pray'r accepted , and each wish resign'd . 
WOW SOME GIRLS ARE WHORES 
saw the patterns on floorboards ; deep in the dust was a leader . 
GO PHILLIES ! 
still chuckles a little whenever she sees < PROPFEMALE > Streisand . 
thinks you ought to get her a chicken sandwich and some waffle fries for free . 
neeeeeeeeeeeds a 360 . 
If you have to make a mistake , make this one . 
LOL NISHAN DELETED ME ? 
Polynomial long division ? Pshhhh .. yeah .. I'm not good at it . 
Any ideas on \teaching techniques\ " and/or \ " specific lessons\ " Ms. Earp has used ? lolz " 
is already sick of all the talk about the musical . Blehhh . I wish I was talented DX 
THIS IS NONSENSE 
officially hates lottery tickets . 
thinks sleep sounds really great right about now . 
COOL PEOPLE SHOULD DO BREADLIFT WITH ME :D 
PUMPKIN ICE CREAM <3333333333333333333333 
< PROPFIRST > LONGENECKER IS A HATER 
will take it slow because she has time . 
KICK OFF YOUR STILETTOS 
thinks some people need to get their priorities straight . 
Why do you have to save the world all by yourselves ? Why don't you trust anyone to do it with you ? 
' s family now owns a brand spanking new computer . This one actually has more than 384 MB RAM and 60 GB hard drive . Hooray for olddddddd computers . 
Psh- band , biology and world religions . Who needs ' em ? 
LOVES THIS COMPUTER OMG 
is really loving Fleet Foxes . 
Stickam , anyone ? 
has a feeling things won't ever be quite the same again . 
has had an absolutely unsatisfactory day . 
will be returning home tomorrow . It's been a long weekend ; it's been a longer week . 
is finallyyyyyy home omg . 
is doing homework . YAY . 
really just doesn't know how things became this way . When did we start falling apart ? 
STAY WIT IT DAWG , YOU'LL GET IT 
If I had one wish , I'd wish that you'd get out of my life , wish that you would cry so hard . 
FRIEND ZONE FTL 
can't download music anymore ?!??!?!?! WTF REAL PLAYER 
thinks indecisiveness is horribly unbearable . 
deserves better :] 
IS REUNITED WITH HER PLAYSTATION AND IT FEELS SO GOOOOOD 
C'est gai , c'est frais . Ca me plait , c'est vrai . C'est fait , ca non . C'est chouette , ah ouais . On danse encore ? Ah ouais . T'es sûr ? Ouais ouais . On fait l'amour ? Apres . T'es sûr ? Ouais ouais . 
didn't go to school today . Dentist appointment at 3pm <3 GTA2 UNTIL THEN WOOOH 
thinks it's kind of funny how some people constantly talk about how much they hate whores when they are one . 
Sir , have you been drinking tonight ? 
I just wish you had a little faith , but I'm learning not to ask . 
slept from 8:30 pm to noon . How does that happen ? 
I like your looks when you get mean ; I know I shouldn't say so , but when you claw me like a cat , I'm beaming . 
New AIM sn mhm , so don't be confused if I'm \never online anymore . \ " :] " 
Really ?! Can things get any worse ? 
just wants to tell < PROPMALE > Brown in this letter that I detested his book , I think he's mentally challenged , and needs to stop dropping acid . 
BAHROOKLYN RAAAAAAAGE 
Who hates Barack Obama ? Oh yeah , < PROPFIRST > Longenecker does . Why , you ask ? Because he's a hater . 
C : C : C : C : C : 
You know what's awesome ? When your parents have more of a life than you do . No job , no car , no license . Blehh . Sucks to be me . 
with her feet in the air and her head on the ground . 
needs to break her becoming-a-fan addiction . Going to bed , text if you want . 
IS FURIOUS BECAUSE MEIJER IS COMPLETELY SOLD OUT OF THE CHRISTMAS COOKIES WE HAVE EVERY YEAR URRRRRRGGGGGGGGHHHHH 
isn't a fan of \not being able to sleep because you can't stop thinking about someone . \ " It actually really blows . " 
is dreaming of a white Christmas :[ 
thinks it's funny how her mom completely ( and successfully ) avoids saying tampons , pads , penis , vagina , and/or testicles . 
\Speculative comparisons between the effects of nutmeg intoxication and MDMA have been made . \ " wtfff " 
HHNNNGGGG 
\Jesus ! These INDs got no class to them . \"" 
With veins like that , Kid , I'd have myself a time . 
But everybody's doing it ! 
Days are just drops in the river , to be lost always . 
thinks much more highly of herself now that she got 16/34 on a Chemistry quiz and still has a 93.5% in the class . 
just needs this moment to watch the sky breathe the air . 
Why is it so hard for people to refrain from using lame excuses and just admit that they were wrong ? 
15 l1k1n 7h15 1337 5p34k 53771n9 :] 
has the best mummy and deddy in the whole wide world . 
Mall , groceries , laundry , and exam reviews . What a party ! 
Pumpkin-flavored anything is delicious . They should make pumpkin cotton < PROPFEMALE > . 
is finding it incredibly difficult to keep her opinions to herself . 
Idle hands are the devil's playground . 
is annoyed when people in relationships call each other \baby . \ " I'm pretty sure neither of you are infants . " 
wishes it would snow . 
loves exam week . Probably the easiest week out of the whole semester . 
blows kisses , not coke . 
just wants to do the right thing and find some peace . Unfortunately , figuring out what's right is half the struggle . 
just went on a rampage and liked everything on < PROPMALE>'s wall for a few pages . 
is in quite the right state of mind . 
definitely won't be going to see Good News . 
is thinkin ' about taking her lip ring out . 
loves her some logarithms :] 
is losing hope , quite frankly . 
Apparently every Jewish person's post on December 25th ought to be about how fake of a holiday Christmas is . 
laughs at kids today that think they know how the real world is . Yeah guys , you can definitely get your parents to pay rent for you , and your best friend will totally let you copy their application essays . Oh , and your Ugg boots and Coach purses will DEF be essentials because it's not like you need to pay your water < PROPMALE > or anything . 
likes hot butter on her breakfast toast . 
is so excited to go to B&N tomorrow and see wonderful people ! :D 
Morning time is magic time . 
\I swear she's a midget succubus . \"" 
GIVE ME SOMETHING ORIGINAL FOR GOD'S SAKE 
Beware the Ides of March . 
You were not there for The Beginning . You will not be there for The End ... Your knowledge of what is going on can only be superficial and relative . 
needs to start Stickam-ing again . 
has concluded that 2010 blows a lot more than 2009 did . 
:: whore from PCHS sends me friend request :: IGGGGNORRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEE 
Don't you wanna go down , like some junkie cosmonaut ? 
Funny how the universe works , huh . 
ALL ALONG THE WESTERN FRONT 
Only the LEGIT kids post statuses about smoking weed and getting drunk . It's nice to know that < PROPFEMALE>'s youth isn't discreet at all . 
Penn or Penn State ? 
Another earthquake ? I think our planet is mad at us . 
You've gotta roll with it ! 
Freedom is just another word for nothing left to lose . 
28 ! Not a 36 , but close enough :D 
I think more people need to just take things as they are and let all their negative emotions go . Getting angry/sad/frustrated is really just a waste of energy , and life is honestly way too short and way too precious to waste your time feeling sorry for yourself . If you don't like something , change it . If you can't change it , accept it and move on with your life . 
Cell phone isn't working , so call my home phone if you need to contact me . 
Phone's working again :] 
And I'll get bored with you and feel trapped because that's what happens with me . 
It's a great thing when you realize you still have the ability to surprise yourself . Makes you wonder what else you can do that you've forgotten about . 
There’s a fine line between footy shorts and anal floss . 
waits now for only the wind . 
is a little out of sorts today . 
Am I really that intimidating ? 
OBLITERATED 
FREE BLOWS JOBS ! BUT ONLY BECAUSE I'M SUCH A WHORE 
Yes , I AM listening to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > right now . 
should not still be awake right now . 
Open your eyes , and look within : are you satisfied with the life you're livin' ? 
wants to go do something . Any takers ? 
Perhaps I was stopped by that level of feeling , deeper than thought , which contains the truth . 
Stay up all night ? Yes ? 
is so valid . 
really wishes these retards that stand behind the fence and smoke cigarrettes before and after school would go away . All they do is yell obnoxiously , make dogs bark , take up space , and piss me off . And seriously , they really are some of the slow kids . 
had a horrifying nightmare about a zoombie version of herself chasing her and Katryna < PROPMALE > D; Oh , and dead , 30 year old , rotting corpses stashed away in PCHS . 
OHMAIGAWD senior year is going to be marvelous :D 
All of you can suck it . Seriously . Blow me mfkrs . 
We can be happy until the night skies die . 
JUST FOLLOW THE DAYYYY .... AND REACH FOR THA SUN ! 
has a hard time checking her facebook when her little nephew keeps trying to hit the keys on the board . .... It's still cute though :] 
finds it extremely offensive that someone would even accuse me of hurting a child intentionally . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Newnum should stop posting statuses on how great his scene < PROPFEMALE > e-gf is . 
Spend all your time in a sound byte , and never learn to live your life . 
Look at it out here , it's all falling apart . I'm erasing you and I'm happy ! 
My mom doesn't know how to use Facebook . 
made another loaf of apple bread ! Who wants some ? 
just follows the seasons and finds the time . 
is a luscious mix of words and tricks . 
LOVES YOU :D 
is gonna boogie oogie oogie ' til she JUST CAN'T boogie no more ! 
This is a status about how much I love God . Now I'm gonna go rape a crucifix like < PROPFEMALE > MacNeil because I JUST LOVE GOD SOOOO MUCH AND I NEED EVERYONE TO TELL EVERYONE ABOUT IT EVERY SECOND . OR oh gosh , I MIGHT NOT GET INTO HEAVEN D; 
misses < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Crane and my Gull Lake friends ! 
wants to go do something EXTREEEEEEEEEEEMEEE 
hopes everyone knows that < PROPFEMALE > ( a country of immigrants ) doesn't have an official language , just like it doesn't have an official religion , so telling all of < PROPFEMALE > to speak English is like telling all of < PROPFEMALE > to be Christian . 
So who else has Skype ? 
SHIT 
kinda wants to go to Greek Fest . 
I'm through with riddles . I know we're little , just help me feel warm inside . 
103.6% ON MY ASTRONOMY EXAM ! And there wasn't even extra credit ;] 
is leaving to UofM around 6am tomorrow . Yay ? 
Hey cutie , whatcha wearin ? 
has never wanted to move out more . Seems like when everything is decent for a minute , the shit really hits the fan . 
Ever since I was a boy , I found new ways to view my porridge : sometimes electric or galactic like strawberry meat . 
just saw a green < PROPFIRST > in Indiana with the bumper sticker ' JESUS HATES SIN ' Ironic ? 
just walked home in the rain and enjoyed every second of it . 
Who wants to come over and stay up all night with me ? We can go wandering around in our pajamas and defeat anything in our way . Sound appealing ? 
saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > out of the corner of her eye tonight ! :DD Except that a shooting < PROPFEMALE > is not a < PROPFEMALE > , it's just a meteorite . 
Look , I know you all love your daddies and all , but my daddy is the best daddy . He's sarcastic and uses recent slang hilariously . He would do and has done anything he can/could to give his family the things they need and some of the things they want . He's an extremely hard worker . He knows that actions speak louder than words . He's the best man I'll ever have in my life , and I don't know what I'd do without him . 
Fallout 3 
Sometimes I go lose my mind , then I feel numb . 
< PROPFIRST > COLBERT'S BOOK FOR $4.99 ?! I love you , B&N . 
just woke up . Wheeee 
First scattered mass , then constellations . 
< PROPFIRST > Mays </3 
So where am I wrong in hoping that I might someday realize where I was all along ? 
was made from broken arms , empty hearts , and such . 
has that feeling back . It's been a very long time , boys and girls , but it's the best feeling in the world . 
DO A LITTLE DANCE 
She's not your friend . She's just someone you use to feel better about yourself . 
FOUR AND A HALF HOURS . REALLY ?! 
Like this status , and I'll do absolutely nothing about it , probably just take a shower and get ready for the day because I don't have the time , energy or < PROPFEMALE > to tell you how I feel about you . Go find something better to do . 
You are in coffee and everything I've ever loved . 
should just run off to get an STD and a baby daddy so my parents will get off my nuts and stop being so over-protective because the worst would have already happened . 
Dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Penar and < PROPFEMALE > Rose-Kenyon McCrorey later , then maybe time with my boy ? Today should be grand . 
beat < PROPFIRST > Longenecker in a game of chess . Bwahhahahhahahahah . 
saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > again tonight , which made her think that maybe things will turn out okay . 
CAPITAL LETTERS !!!!!!!!!! AND EXCLAMATION POINTS !!!!!!!!!!!! FOR EXTRAAA EMPHASIS !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is it what you accept ? 
Minestrone at 1am is probably the second best thing about summer . 
yu545ewrc3 
I think that people just feel the need to create something : painting , writing a book ... which sort of can be annoying sometimes , especially these days , because if you're not doing something , you're nobody , in a way ...... which is a really bad attitude . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Daudert 
is my favorite person in the world . 
now has a < PROPMALE > sized bed in her bedroom . :D 
hasn't seen any of her \friends\ " ( save three ) all summer ; it's wonderful in a very introverted way . " 
Ah , < PROPFIRST > ! 
no longer has her wisdom teeth in her mouth , but is thinking about making a necklace out of them . 
cannot stand people who constantly lie . 
I don't think I'll ever be ready for this summer to end . 
sold all her evil motives . 
thinks the PCHS counselors need to get their heads out of their asses and actually get their shit together for once . 
Yesterday was fun . 
Some people that live near me are having loud sex or filming a porno or something . I hate it when people do that . 
is a screamer . 
30 days 
has a date with a bowl of the NEW ! Cinnabon cereal in aprxmtly 5.583 hours . 
We're taught to think of our success in < PROPFIRST > , aren't we ? 
\The things around me will never change unless I do first . \"" 
Bring on the Vicks and Day/NyQuil . I love when the seasons change . 
A \philosopher\ " really means \ " one who loves wisdom . \"" 
16 days 
11 days until I can hook up my ethernet cable . Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr . 
Isn't it supposed to be the girl's parents that don't like the boy , instead of the boy's parent(s ) not liking the girl ? 
6 days , 3 hours , 10 minutes 
5 days 
4 days 
2 days 
The holiday season needs to be here by likeee tomorrow . 
is about to be seeing Paranormal Activity 2 . 
I'm updating this from my 360 @Cobhan Miller 
I'm tired of improper grammer being slang . Learn the correct usage of legit pleassseeeee . 
What if you were loving yours instead of hating mine ? 
The last few days , a lot of people have posted statuses complaining about something . T'IS THE SEASON TO BE JOLLY , GODDAMNIT 
I got spurs that jingle , jangle , jingle ... Jingle , jangle ... 
STARFRUIT IS THE BEST FRUITTT EVERRR 
Only the perfect boyfriend will come to your house at 1 a.m. to kill a spider . Yeah , I'm the luckiest girl ever . 
1 year old children : the most efficient alarm clock ever 
How many toys does a 14 month old need ? 
Best < PROPFIRST>'s Day gift everrrrrrrrrrrrr !!!!!!!!!!!! 
LET THERE BE LIGHT ! 
WTF ? \ 
\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDdTkCRTqrA&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Hmm , school started yesterday at 11 , and today at 10:30 ? Thanks for raping me in the ass again , PC . 
I can't believe I'm saying this , but everyone needs to stop being so negative . If you don't like something , change it . If you can't change it , stfu , get over it , and SMILE ! Srsly . 
I won't miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . The only thing I know about her is that her perfumes smell AWFUL . Good riddance . 
Pity is the worst thing . I'd rather have someone be mean to me than be nice to me because they feel bad . 
It's scary how well Pandora knows me o . 0 
ZOMG I ONLY have 43 MINUTES to get down on FRIDAY !!! WILL I MAKE IT ?!?! 
just spent 5 hours and 33 minutes completing the weekly challenge for Reach . I never wanna play campaign again D; 
I just wanna zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ..... 
< PROPMALE > Shak is serving breakfast right now , at 3:43 am . WTF ? 
When will love be through with me ? 
It's hard to be optimistic when I log onto facebook and see nothing but complaints in my news feed . 
Dirt tries to love everything , but it's only dirt ... 
Holy crap I graduate in 30 days ; this just started to sink in . 13 years of hard work is about to be paying off ! ( Yes , kindergarten was hard work . ) 
What does ' MADE WITH EQUAL TO 20% FRUIT ' mean ? XD 
Kinda disappointed in how little honor kids have today . Everywhere I turn , kids are screwing over their parents , the very people that are emotionally obliged to care for them forever , the very people that have taken care of them for their entire lives , the very people that love them so much that they trust them enough to give them the potential to screw them over . Have you no conscience ? 
