yep , not really looking forward to 2010 . It'll probably suck about as much as 09 did . And I'll be turning 20 =/ bye bye teens 

Happy New Year everyone , here's to hoping it doesn't suck like last year ! 
loves her momma , < PROPFEMALE > Gilchrist with all her heart and is glad she's on a better track than before . 
needs yarn 
did not know < PROPFEMALE > Johansson sang . 
shower then walk with mom . 
is home from her walk and yeah . 
Going to Alshee's cause she twisted my arm lol 
is home 
is sleepy . Bedtime ! 
wants her kidney to stop hurting so she can walk to OCC 
could beat a bitch right now . 
iced sun tea , sun , music and a cigarette = a happy < PROPFIRST > 
has her schedule all done and stuff . 
job hunting tomorrow ! One step closer to moving out ! 
Silence - Beethoven 
feels like she has 80 million things to do all at once . 
has been fighting an anxiety attack for 3 hours now 
is going to try for bed . 
has shit to do today . Yay =| 
is going to munch on some food then start out for her outdoor to do list . Job hunting 
wish me luck folks ! 
is hungry , has a blister and aching kidneys 
is sleeeeeeeepy . Being outside most of the day , walking around has pretty much exhausted her . 
SHOWER ! 
is clean =) 
is frustrated . 
' s tummy is upset . Bed soon . 
Bed , for real this time . I swear . 
hates all this phone shit . 
has too much going on in her head =\\ 
says rainy days and Mondays always get me down 
is sleepy 
thinks a relaxing bath would hit the spot . 
could do with a nap . 
had an epic day 
shower , writing/reading then bed ? Think so . 
LOVES being clean !! 
says : The only thing better than being clean is getting dirty . 
is up and at ' em . Drinking tea and other good stuff ! 
says : Holy humidity Batman ! 
met her future boyfriend =) 
got the things for < PROPFEMALE>'s babyshower gift ! About to start it ! 
downstairs to pick up her room maybe ? 
: Summertime and the livin ' is easy . 
is gonna head over the fence to < PROPFIRST>'s grad party in a few . Working on < PROPFEMALE>'s gift till then ? 
uh ... wtf do I say to THAT ? 
is home from < PROPFIRST>'s party . Good fun . Now to clean up my room and then start with scrapbooking shit . 
found her Halloween argyle socks ! 
is not too modest to say that she is the shit . Wait and see < PROPFEMALE > , wait and see . 
yay shower . 
taking a shower and listening to Wicked makes for fun Shower Idol (' bout to do it ) . 
should probably do a chore . Just have to find the energy to do it . 
is going to Chicago on the 27th !!!!! 
lost her phone . FML 
wants everyone to know that leeches literally make her want to throw up even if it's just seeing them on T.V. 
Bdellophobia -- fear of leeches . 
thinks she should head to bed , watch Silence of the Lambs and work on her gift . 
says : OCC you're a little late with telling me someon turned my phone in . Already paid for and ordered a new one . 
does anyone have headphones I can borrow for a couple of days ? 
wishes today were Saturday . 
is HOT ! 
misses her phone =( 
has so much to be excited about right now ! 
night all my FB stalkers . 
is not stepping one foot out her door today . 
got her train ticket today !!! 
got her new phone today ! 
going to < PROPFEMALE>'s in a bit . 
thinks a midnight snack is in order . 
is sleepy but wants to do a lot before bed . 
bed time ! 
doing laundry , getting some of her shit together for her trip . 
feels sooo bad . Everyone please keep my < PROPFEMALE > in your thoughts , she's having surgery Saturday . Again . 
is upset and without cigarettes . FML . 
m'kay people , we know he died . 
is in an icky mood . 
walk with < PROPFEMALE > in about 20 . I need out of my house . 
Is SO pissed right now . 
thinks today is a beautiful day and that she should let that thought overcome as opposed to that of others . 
best friends hold each others ' boobs . 
has a couple last minute things to get done ... but thinks that if she does it know she'll just get even more impatient . 
es honegry 
: Am I who you think about in bed ? 
is twiddling her thumbs waiting for 10 am to get here . 
about to leave for the train station in a few 
Exploring maybe ? I think yes . 
is so fresh and so clean 
just had an all out wrestling match with Kein ' cause she tried to change his status . Win . 
is heading home today =( lot's o ' pictures ! 
is putting up photos the on a walk with her love . 
is trying to figure this bus shit out for her first day of school tomorrow . Anyone willing to wake up at 8 so they can take me ?!?!?! 
is watching Dracula and laying in bed . Night peeps 
I can run from the law , I can run from myself , I can run from my life 
walking with the love of her life . 
homework =( 
is sleepy but half way done with homework . Anthropology left . 
saw < PROPFIRST > Pew ... oh wait ... I mean Huel Perkins ... at Meijers last night . 
shower then bed time . Fuck waking up at 7 AM . 
is going to enjoy bed tonight . No class until 1 tomorrow . 
sings : It's bed time !!! Nighty night !!!!!! 
heading out . Later ! 
is scared 
wonders if you would still be proud of her . 
has her first interview at Pronto today ! 
\I pour myself a cup of coffee for sober nights cause nicotine and coffee are my friends in this fight . \"" 
has another interview at Pronto Monday after class . 
is going to watch 10th Kingdom and shower . Maybe paint/draw or do a puzzle . 
' s stomach is upset again 
says be my friend hold me , wrap me up , unfold me . I am small and needy . Warm me up and breathe me 
shower or bath ? Decisions decisions ... 
is about to watch Wishmaster 4 and draw a bit . 
is hungry ( and anxious because of it ) and sleepy . 
snacking on the nachos her brother is making and waiting for her dad to get back with food . 
yuck , homework . 
' s mom is coming back from FL tonight and should be landing soon . 
' s mom is home ! She missed her !!! 
should go to bed . Wake up for school at 7:15 . Dumb 
says : What up third interview on Wednesday at Pronto ! 
me : did she see you ? H : ... No < PROPFIRST > ... she didn't . 
is at B&N with < PROPFEMALE > doing homework and stuff . 
has two hours to herself before her next class . Win . 
is fuckin ' sleepy . Anthro in half an hour . Dumb . 
says 1 . Fuck all you bitches who get to go see HP tonight . And 2 . I'm having a hell of a time finding info on < PROPFEMALE > fortune tellers . 
is moping cause she isn't gonna be there . You all know where . Just don't say it . 
hates ( but not really ) you all . 
says : night bitches . 
registered for her fall classes . 
feels like getting cute tomorrow . 
is so tired 
good night FB 
says : I'm fucking tired of caring . 
walking to DT ferndale to do some homework and get the fuck away from here . 
thinks she is going to make macaroni now that she is nice and clean . 
is sad . 
says : if it weren't so green it could be fall . 
is hoping to obtain monies from her parents so she can go see HP . 
is going to see < PROPMALE > Potter tonight !!!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY !!!! 
says : What up < PROPMALE > Potter !? Be back later people !!! 
wanted to squeal most of the movie . 
bed time now that she beat < PROPMALE>'s Bumper Stars score . 
: Homework . LAME ! 
doesn't think she has ever procrastinated this much . 
is cutting her hair . 
should go to bed . Too much on her mind though . 
says : Ok , time to make flash cards for Anthro . Midterm Mon . and math test Wednesday . 
got all of chapter 7 and most of 5 on flash cards ... loooooong way to go . Lots to know about Anthro =( 
is hungry and wants her mommy to come have lunch with her . COME ON WOMAN ! YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO !!!! 
is home . Had a great day , got out of class three hours early , had lunch with mom and then argued in Anthro ( myth , magic , witchcraft ) 
thinks a cat nap is in order . 
had a great nap ! 
is home after an epic night . Thanks lovely . 
\You're the only thing that I like about me . \"" 
is home and exhausted . Looooong day , kidneys being dumb ... might skip class tomorrow . 
is waiting one more hour before she allows herself to go to bed . 
can't find her glasses =( 
lost her phone ... again . Fail 
is bawling from watching So You Think You Can Dance from last night . The dance about breast cancer hit home . So glad her grandma beat it . 
got another tattoo !!! 
is hungry but her dad is currently snoring , passed out on the couch and he has the money and transportation . 
kiss me and smile for me , tell me that you'll wait for me , hold me like you'll never let me go . 
is getting the enV3 !!!! what up mommy ! 
is sleepy and still oh so happy . Thanks again mom !!! 
wants to skip Monday and go right to Tuesday . 
wants her phone now please . 
is hungry and sleepy . Dreading tomorrow . 
running her dad to urgent care . Brb . 
is back from the hospital . Dad okay , really bad stomach flu basically . Bed then hell later . 
says fuck today . Didn't get home from hospital till 3 , woke up late , kidneys killing her , midterm at 1 ... death would be merciful . 
says : Oh hell no , I will NOT be sick . Feeling nauseous now but hopefully it's only the impending midterm ... hopefully . 
says : thanks again for the fantastic guilt trip . I have enough on my plate without you making me feel like shit . 
Mom if you see this can you pick me up from school in about 2 hours ? I feel like shit . 
is home and feeling rotten . Dumb . 
asks : if you've got it you want to share it but if you share it you haven't got it . What is it ? 
is feeling a little better . Her stomach is still a little upset but sleep will most likely help that . 
thinks she might make some soup and see if that doesn't help her stomach . 
is gonna lay down and write a bit . Yay ! 
is sneezy =( 
says : It is soooo bed time !! 
is in a shit mood 
just watched < PROPFEMALE > ( her squirrel ) < PROPFEMALE > her baby down a tree !!! SO CUTE ! 
says : Fedex is dumb , her phone is coming in tomorrow . 
apparently has two gay dogs . Ally she knew of , Mesha ... well , Mesha just tried humping < PROPFEMALE > . 
has a headache . Bed time maybe ... and by maybe she means yes ... after a shower . 
writes :: Dear hormones , it would be great if you weren't trying to make my body have an anxiety attack ... like , fantastically great . Love me . 
is getting her phone today . Class for now -_- 
had the shit scared out of her today . But all is well and she has her new phone . 
really wants a pop . 
wants to go out tonight ... alas , she has no one to go with * cough*hillary*cough * 
almost ingested sour milk . Ew . 
is waiting for her mom to get back ' cause she is STARVING ! 
wants to go to bed now . 
bed time biatches ! 
is in dtro by herself ... not able to decide if she likes it that way or not . 
says : Hi < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !! 
can't believe what a small world it is . 
is home . School tomorrow ' til 1 then B&N once more . 
says : Night bitches ! 
is hungry . 
has an angry tendercrisp sandwich from Burger < PROPMALE > . Yum . 
is sleeeeppppyyyyy 
kjfhgjkdfng House starts in September !!! 
is home and feels like her kidneys want to explode inside her .... don't even say anything ... I know where all of your minds went . 
is apparently a damn cow . Thanks mom . 
says : < PROPFEMALE > Tamm I <3 you 
thinks a bath , some aleve and writing are in order . 
just had banana nut cherrios and ruined that by dipping peanut butter chocolate chip cookies in the remaining milk =) Wholesome breakfast for you . 
is off to bed after an eventful day . ' Night everyone . 
sleep now . 
says : Dear kidneys , I hate both of you . Love , me . 
is watching Tomb Raider !! Yay DVR ! 
my horoscope for today was this : Things have settled into a more comfortable arrangement . Nothing is the way it used to be and you're still adjusting to some of the changes that have come down lately , but all in all what could have been a total disaster has turned out for the best . There will be a period of waiting before you figure out where to go from here , but it looks like someone's put a bug in your head to ... 
can't seem to fall asleep =( 
got 6 hours of sleep . On a weekend on top of that . 
wants thai food =( 
says : It's like trying a new food , you never know if you'll like it until you try it . It could turn out that you hate it and it makes you sick ... or you could love it . Point is , you have to take the risk to figure it out . 
loves that Hungry Howies is like the only pizza place delivering this time of night . Thank you HH . 
needs prayers .... she's cleaning her room . 
played in the rain for a bit and watched the lightning . Got a picture too ! 
is waiting for her laundry to be done . * sigh * 
needs to go to bed but her blankets and sheets are in the dryer . Note to self : Don't wait until 10 pm to wash your bed stuff . 
gave herself ten extra minutes of sleep and is regretting it . 
is back to class * sigh * 
is a dirty hooker slut whoore :D <3 <3 <3 
says : < PROPFEMALE > can suck a < PROPMALE > . 
needs to finish < PROPFEMALE>'s present !! Not nearly where I should be with it !!! 
is sleeeeeeeepy .... but isn't ready for sleep yet . What to do , what to do ? 
is going to see < PROPMALE > Potter again with Hill and her family at the IMAX ! 
19/female/male/single/Probably . ( age/sex/seeking/status/are you a tree ) 
is hungry 
can't seem to stop thinking long enough to fall asleep . The hell ? 
writes : Dear 6 am , we meet again . I still hate you . Sincerely , Me . 
<3 also im a skank 
just had a Popsicle 
fucking hates ignorant insensitive pricks . 
is pretty sure she is foaming at the mouth right now . 
is trying to remember that it's not a good idea to buy a plane ticket to BFE and that it's illegal to kill the persons in BFE 
is debating on class or not ... 
is assuming it's a Benadrly kinda night cause she's seen two status ' about it . 
has decided to get her tongue pierced and is very happy with this decision . 
says : 2 PMSing women in the same house = really , really bad . 
is hauling ass on < PROPFEMALE>'s present ... Only about half way there !!! Yikes ! 
is watching the Orphan and is it's making her anxious lol . Good movie though . 
says : Holy plot twist Batman ! 
is off to bed . Have to finish < PROPFEMALE>'s present tomorrow , however , she is almost done . 
says : Ow , ow , fucking ow . 
' s back hurts =( 
is off to bed . 
says : to leave your laptop unattended and logged into FB is a rookie move mom . Lol . 
says : today is a shit day . Nothing sounds fun 
really wants pie . 
bed 
feels like her head wants to explode after a 4 hour math class . So much information ... too much information . 
made the right decision < PROPMALE > . She got her tongue pierced . 
time to work on her 5-10 < PROPFEMALE > long essay that's due tomorrow . 
has balls in her mouth ! ( ROFL sorry , I had to say it . ) 
says : For crying out loud I wanna go to bed . 3 more pages though . Sad I only got that far o_O 
is going to go pee and then go to bed . Night all . 
is so ready for it all to just be * done * 
wants to go home 
is really hungry 
is now watching From Dusk Till < PROPFEMALE > because of < PROPFEMALE > 
is glad the day is just about over . It's been a rough one . 
really wants a donut . 
' s tongue is almost back to normal size , doesn't hurt anymore , and she can eat again !!! 
wants chocolate . Now please . 
says : Chocolate ftw ! 
should go to bed ... she is tired and has to do laundry tomorrow so she can go to her grandmas for the weekend ( can't wait to see their reaction to her latest tattoo and piercing rof ) . 
shower 
clean , doing some laundry , packing , heading out later to see Alchemy and then to Grandmother's house we go . 
is laying down watching a movie . 
is excited she gets to see her brother ( < PROPFIRST > ) today !!! 
is off to the family reunion . 
has a new obsession : < PROPFEMALE > Krall 
is re-finding some of her favorite songs . Catalyst <3 
says : Oh no ! Possible RHPS remake ... that can only go bad . Don't mess with the classics people !! 
PETE'S DRAGON IS ON DVD !!!! WANT ! 
\I remember a time you told me love is touching souls . Surely you touched mine . \"" 
is having her pre-exam jitters . Anxiety medication . I need some . 
has been studying all weekend and is still floundering over these stupid exams . 
says : Violence , it gets you things . 
isn't sure what's worse , her kidneys hurting or the urge to vomit because she's so nervous about tomorrow . 
is tired . Scared to go to sleep though because then tomorrow will be here . Not ready for tomorrow . 
thinks a nap before studying would be good . Really good . 
is hoping a shower will help this feeling go away . 
says : nope , shower didn't help . 
is home and done with school . Finally . Longest 7 weeks ever . 
is watching Aladdin 
\phenomenal cosmic powers ! Itty bitty living space . \"" 
wants cookies . Really bad . 
doesn't want to walk to the gas station by herself . 
is getting tired of this . 
hates gloomy days . They make her feel all blah . 
still wants cookies . 
is watching < PROPMALE > and waiting for her pizza to cook . 
is watching Last House on the Left with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
had a sleepover with < PROPFEMALE > last night ! Now we're watching the Exorcist . 
just had dinner and is now watching Little < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFEMALE > . 
is actually coming out of her cave for the weekend ! Thank God for school being done . 
hates anxiety . Hates it , in every sense of the word . Despise , loathe , abhor , detest , spurn . HATE . 
picked up her room and is getting ready for bed . 
is still awake =( 
feels better knowing she didn't do as horribly as she thought with her grades . 
is home ... and a little intoxicated ... but still able to spell correctly so not terribly so . 
is going to bed !!! Night all ! 
is a little dizzy this morning . 
is having flashbacks to third grade hahaha . 
says : Wow . 
says : I LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
is making cookies . 
is wondering when the hell 1 am got here . 
says : I think hot water should be infinite . And now I'm going to clean ... it's a cleaning kinda day . 
says : Mmmmm food . Here I come . 
finally got to the second season of < PROPMALE > ... 3 more to go ! 
is apparently having a fat day because she hasn't stopped eating since she woke up =( 
should probably do a chore .... 
says : Hi kidneys ... can you stop hurting now ? 
' s kidneys say : BLAH WE ARE EVIL !!!! 
can't stop laughing at the reactions she's gotten from her quizzes . 
finally caught up on < PROPMALE > . Can't wait for < PROPFEMALE > to come out on SciFi ( by the same people who did Tin Man ) 
thinks a < PROPMALE > Potter movie-a-thon is in order . 
has a new game plan : Silence of the Lambs while writing , then her < PROPMALE > Potter Movie-A-Thon ! 
asks : Have you fucked young < PROPFIRST > lately ? 
is SO BORED ! 
is victorious ! 
is getting ready to head up North ! Be back in a few days guys ! 
is home !!! 
is going to bed . So damn tired . 
sprained her thumb and wrist ... ouch . 
wants to paint ... too bad I'm right handed and that hand happens to be injured . 
just realized that she consumed 7 different kinds of alcohol over the weekend . Win . 
is jamming to some old school country ( and by that I mean 90's country ) 
IS SO GONNA BE < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > FOR HALLOWEEN !!!! 
is going out with the love of her life . 
' s kidneys almost sent her to the hospital today . 
is either getting new glasses or contacts next thursday ( broke my glasses up north ) 
says : All is well here . Mom is a little sore and sleepy ' cause of the pain meds . But other than that everything is peachy !!! 
is gonna try and apply for disability . Keep your fingers crossed for me ! 
hates her kidneys . 
wants to sleep . 
says : Happy Grandparents day to all of the old fogies out there ! 
has a headache =( 
DO NOT GO INTO THAT MAKE A PHOTO ALBUM THING . IT'S SOOOO ANNOYING !!!! 
is off to bed . Night all . 
shower , shower , shower time ! 
dear allergies , I hate you . Love , me . 
is watching Quackbusters with the stories : Night of the Living Duck and The Abominable Snow Rabbit . Night FB ! 
is tired . 
has a headache fromall of this looking and finding and losing shit . 
going to look at a house ! 4 to look at today . Let's hope one of them is it !!! 
is tired tired tired . 
would do a lot of low and degrading things ( murder aside ) to have a Pumpkin Spice Latte right now . 
' s dog was sleeping with her eyes open . And twitching . And snoring . ROFL 
is at < PROPFEMALE>'s making sure she stays alive . And having sympathy pains . 
says : \ < PROPFEMALE > Tamm is alive and well . I love her too !!! \"" 
isn't ready for bed quite yet . Still a little wired . So she is watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s IT . 
is home and clean ^_^ 
thinks a nap would be an excellent decision ... if she didn't have to go see a couple houses in an hour . Dumb . 
\Now you can feel all the knots in your stomach they start to untie And suddenly it's not so hard to say you're alright \"" 
is thinking it is time ro head to bed , pop in a movie ( seriously this time . ) and chillax ... also , some benedryl may be necessary . 
is excited for tomorrow ! A nice break from house hunting to go to the cider mill with < PROPFEMALE > Gilchrist- < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . 
' s world was just rocked . < PROPFEMALE > Perkins ( from < PROPFEMALE > Snaps ) and < PROPMALE > Green played < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ( the younger versions ) in < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s IT . 
is still house hunting . Had a blast at the cider mill ! Got lots of pictures and cider and donuts . Bitches wish you were me . 
writes : Dear allergy season , while beautiful with all of the changes , my body and eyes and nose hate you . Love me . 
probably could have gotten away with one benadryl last night . And wants to get away with a nap today but has to pack for Tennessee for this week . 
napped anyway and it was good . 
is done . 
is now at the self loathing part of her mood swing . 
ouch ouch ouch ouch ... and packing . 
is clean =) and hungry =( 
is off to grandma's and then Tennessee tomorrow . 
is having a lazy day tomorrow and then to Nashville on Monday . 
wishes she felt as good as it looks outside today . Clear blue skies , sun shining . 
wants to hit something . 
will everyone just quit trying to dictate my life ??? 
' s headache is gone . Finally . Starting home tomorrow , stopping for the night in Ohio and then back home to Michigan . 
says : Oh internet how I have missed thee . 
does not want to read this email because only bad can come of it . Is everyone incapable of leaving well enough alone ? 
is . so . mad . 
everyone check out < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s profile !!! 
writes : Dear kidneys , HATEHATEHATEHATEHATEHATE . Love me . 
headache . 
wants this headache gone now . kthnxbye 
says : Sometimes having boobs just isn't worth being a girl . 
took 2 motrin 800's and still fucking hurts . 
doesn't feel like she wants to take a knife to her ovaries anymore . 
watching True Blood now ( just started watching the series , only on ep . 2 ) . Then Halloweentown ( Thank you DVR !!! ) 
thinks True Blood is slightly reminescent of the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > series . 
knows what < PROPFIRST > would say if he were here right now . \STOP EATING ! \"" 
is off to bed , probably going to have nightmares of bald headed , eyebrow-less guys chasing after her shooting Aveda Kedavra's at her . Thanks TJ . 
hates stupid creepy racist landlords . 
fingers crossed !!! 
is getting sick =( 
is sick and not up to her brothers stupid games . Clean , NyQuiled and off to bed . 
woke up again . Still sick , head starting to hurt , and hungry =( 
is still sick and now with a healthy case of vertigo . >=[ 
head . pounding . sickness : You can go to hell . 
is finding kids she went to school with in like ... 4th grade . Talk about blasts from the past . 
bed soon ? I think yes . 
thinks she is going to carve her pumpkin today ! 
is it just me or did FB change again ? 
carved her pumpkin ! Pictures up in Misc album ! 
is wanting to do something drastic , something that has a higher probability of going bad as opposed to good . But she's going to cut it ( her hair ) anyway . 
made Halloween cookies while listening to the Halloween channel on AOL radio =) 
is watching paranormal activity on teh internetz . 
apparently my kidneys do not like alcohol >=/ 
will never drink any kind of old ass yellow liquer again . Eff that shit . 
won at Rummy ! 
made cinnamon rolls ! 
thinks she might be a < PROPFEMALE > for Halloween ... 
is sleepy but the urge to write wins out on 40 winks . 
Dear 4 am , When the hell did you get here !? Love , me . 
Halloween parties ... Who is having them ? 
' s mom made potatoe soup . Mmmmm . 
is working on moving all her clothes to the upstairs bedroom X-[ 
settled for a ladybug costume . 
thinks now is a good time to write . 
Erebus tonight ? I think so ! < PROPFEMALE > Tamm is amazing !!! 
is getting ready to go and get the shit scared out of her . 
is watching House of a 1000 Corpses ... trying to remember if she liked it or not . 
is hungry =[ 
had a fucking epic two nights ! I love Halloween . 
\(860 ): I am going to be the most sexually active ladybug that he has ever seen\ " hahahahahahahahahahaha " 
is going to make a pot pie and watch Thirteen Ghosts . 
Sudoku and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > Red 
misses her momma . 
is cleaning her room and washing her sheets ! Clean bedding is the best . 
feels awful . 
bed . 
k , bedtime for real this time . Breakfast with a beautiful woman in the morning =) 
bed soon ! Hopefully sleeping as good as I did last night . 
ow =( 
bed soon ? I think so . 
Something has changed within me , something is not the same . I'm through with playing by rules of someone elses game . Too late for second guessing , too late to go back to sleep . It's time to trust my instincts , close my eyes , and leap . 
I should be doing something great . 
is doing laundry and then off to the play later with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
j/k on the show tonight =/ hopefully some other time this weekend . 
watching the Wings game with < PROPMALE > . 
is sleeepy but not quite ready for bed ... will regret it tomorrow though when her dad wakes her up TOO DAMN EARLY !!!! 
is going bowling with dad ! 
ordered new glasses !!! Yay for clear eyesight soon ! 
The facebook trick : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , enter key then right click . Then press up then down & magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page ... put this as your status if it worked for you ...... && it workss ! 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Red again .... 
I don't know . 
if wishes were pennies , then I'd be a millionaire . 
hello heartburn . 
headache , again . ; jshd ; foahsd ; fjhSebf 
feels like if she says she is watching < PROPFEMALE > Red again it will show up on one of thse cloud things =/ 
dear headache , I hate you . Very . Much . Love , Me . 
a nap is a wonderful thing . 
is watching < PROPMALE > the Red Nosed Reindeer . ( the good one ) 
clean and listening to music ... wanting to make dinner now ... 
got my glasses ! 
loves epic FB wars . ( even if they happen to not be real . ) 
4 am . not even tired . What the hell ? 
didn't go to bed until 5 am last night and was up at 11 . 6 hours of sleep >=[ 
hot cocoa . 
down by the shores of the hanky panky where the bullfrog jumps from bank to banky ... 
OH NOES ! Deviant < PROPMALE > subscription is up in a month =( 
clean room , clean house ( thanks mom ) and pain meds that work to take away my kidney pain without making me goofy . Good times . 
says : I'm thankful for my family , my amazing friends that have been with me for years , the new friends I've met this past year , and for friends that I've reconnected with . I'm thankful for the people who support me and everything I do , for my education and the opportunites I've been given . Happy Thanksgiving everyone , especially to the ones that has helped make this year exciting and something to be thankful for . 
would like to eat . Now please . 
food coma . so . good . now for pumpkin pie =) 
Alpena kinda sucks =\\ 
so . excited . can't . stand . it . 
Trans-Siberian Orchestra tickets on sale . I . Want . Them . 
has a rumbly in her tumbly . 
writing ? maybe yes ? 
so much to do ! 
is sitting in the living room listening to Christmas music with mom . 
is so mad the dog scratched one of her pairs of glasses . Stupid . 
says : Holy Glee Batman ! 
has had a total of 5 dreams that can be remembered from the last two nights and all of them were just ... weird . 
really wants to crawl back into bed and sleep . 
so . tired . bed . now . 
so tired of boxes , migraines , cramps , muscle aches and kidney pains . Can I sleep for the next three days ? 
watching < PROPFEMALE > , getting ready to head to bed . Just don't know where I want bed to be tonight . 
hates her brothers dog . SO . MUCH . 
getting a scalp massage from < PROPMALE > . Heaven . 
bed ? bed ? actually sleepy semi-early . Yay ! 
pain . is . evil . 
pain . is . still . evil . 
Oh hell , Law and Order : SVU marathon today . Couch patato day ! 
apparently < PROPMALE > and cheese isn't the only thing my dad can't make . < PROPFIRST > Forman grill steaks aren't his specialty either . 
can't find my phone charger >=( 
kidneys hurting . AGAIN ! Trying to pack still start moving tomorrow . 
is at mom's for a couple of days . So I have internet for a few days . YAY ! 
is at mom's for a couple of days , therefore , internet for a few days ! Yay ! 
omfg my head hurts . 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > gathering with mom's side of the fam . It would be better if I didn't feel gross . Upset tummy , achey kidneys , and a night of sleep where I woke up every hour . 
My mom loves me as high as the sky and as deep as the sea ... Forever and always her baby i'll be !!! MOM HACKED 
I HAVE INTERNET AGAIN !! 
kidneys hurt today and I think I'm getting sick again . 
night night FB 
well ... idk now . Guess staying home for New Years . 
fuck pain and moodiness . 
heading over to mom's soon . 
some people are just fucking childish , cowardly , hatefule people that need to learn to grow up , take some responsibility for the dumb shit they do and stop lying . Talk about me , threaten me , I dare you . 
Yay family =) 
BED . NOW . 
* chants * I love them , I love them , I love them . 
is getting sick again . 
tan 
nothing like catching up on < PROPMALE > to keep me from sleep . 
just fucking kill me , it would be cheaper . 
side note : if anyone tries texting me I can't answer . You'll have to get in touch with me via FB 
I hate it when all of the really upsetting shit hits you all at once at odd hours of the night . 
And I'm flawed but I'm cleaning up so well . 
crying is exhausting . I'm ready for bed =( 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Tamm sooooo much =) 
I need alcohol . End of story . 
kidney . ouch . 
is it too late for coffee ? No , it's never too late for coffee =) 
I want to go to Chicago for my birthday . 
I figured out what I am doing for my birthday and it's definitely happening . I'll send an invite so ... let me know . 
so . fucking . pissed . off right . now . 
you know what they say about people who assume things , you make an ass out of you and me . 
I have no cigarettes , no < PROPFEMALE > , and I'm going fucking stir crazy trapped in this house by myself . 
35 days until my birthday . 
IT'S SO PRETTY TODAY ! I've been waiting for this damn sun . It's been SO gloomy lately . 
I'm procrastinating . I don't want to do laundry =( 
going to see my mommy tomorrow ! 
so . tired . 
Cold Case episode that mentions < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show , that < PROPMALE > Bostwick is guest starring in . It's a beautiful thing . 
it's 7 am and I still have not been to bed . Why ? 
And 24 hours without sleep ! I've only ever done this once before . Shoot me . 
there are times when I really hate myself , today being one of them . Fuck . 
I'm now waiting for the earth to open up and swallow me whole . Dear God I can't believe I did that . 
ok . book and bed . 
awake and not sure I want to be . Maybe I'll write , I have a good idea waiting to be put to paper . 
Everyone has a celebrity look-a-like . I don't =( 
is not feeling 100% please not sickness . 
bed time . 
OMG this Wii is gonna kill me . 
cut my knee and ankle shaving . I hope you guys realize the abuse we pt our bodies through to look nice . APPRECIATE IT DAMNIT ! 
so . sore . my shoulders are KILLING me . =( stupid Wii . 
Getting ready to head home , packing and all that fun stuff =/ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Caswell is the best cousin ever . It's official lol . 
Happy Valentines Day everyone ! 
I had an amazing Valentines Day ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Weber for helping him out =) 
went to Secretary of State today . Birthday is in two weeks !!! 
my tummy says yuck . 
yep . getting sick . I was hoping it was just allergies but I'm thinking not . 
so sick . 
dear pain meds , I love you . Love , me and my kidneys . 
yep , popcorn doesn't taste as good coming back up =( 
feeling a little better today . Had a headache earlier but it's gone . I'm just sleepy now . And I haven't puked again ! So I count that as a victory ! 
Willem Defoe in Boondock Saints is my hero . 
movie obsession of the week : The Boondock Saints . 
my birthday is in a week . 
Phones off , hit me up on FB if you need anything . 
off to bed after an exhausting day . Went window shopping , sledding , and cleaned . I'm tired . And also , I kicked ASS in Bejeweled . Night all ! 
Yay ! Surprise party ! 
GOT MY ENHANCED ID !!!!!! 
Happy birthday to myself , < PROPFEMALE > Hill , and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes everyone !!! 
water went down the wrong side , now my chest is burning . Ouch . 
can't sleep so I'm watching Dark Harbor , listening to The Scientist by Coldplay , and writing simultaneously . Yay multi-tasking ! 
there is NO reason for my kidneys to be hurting ! I've been following my stupid diet ! 
off to bed ! 
SO HUNGRY ! 
making egg salad =/ 
getting ready to go out . Not in Canada though =( end of March for that . 
I slept pretty much all day . Woke up at 1 pm , was up for an hour or so , went back to sleep until 6:30 . Getting ready to head back to bed too lol . LAZY DAY ! 
I for real almost got attacked by a squirrel . wtf . 
\We are never sad because we are not allowed to be\ " - Breaking < PROPMALE > \ " Rain \"" 
hmmm =/ 
ok . bed time . 
watching Trilogy of Terror =) 
just ate the first substantial thing today . Had been feeling sick but I'm feeling MUCH better not . 
OUCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is anyone willing to perform a backdoor surgery to remove my kidneys ? If I die during the operation that's okay , I'll leave a letter for my parents not to < PROPFEMALE > . Any takers ? 
I'm still alive . Not been feeling good the past week . If you need to contact me send me a message and I'll give you my house number . 
at my mom's for a bit . 
Got my new glasses . Hungry but everything I eat sits like a stone in my stomach . 
Please not a chest cold . please , please , please . 
sick =( 
Went to < PROPMALE > Oak with < PROPFEMALE > when I knew I shouldn't have gone outside . Now my body hates me and I've got the shakes and a queasy tummy . 
Theraflu is DISGUSTING ! 
my mom is the best . She's making me eggs and bacon . 
Finally some good news ! I got my medicaid ! I can go to the doctors !!!!! 
Great job tonight to all of the cast and crew of The Pajama Game ! 
if I didn't know theraflu would knock me out , I wouldn't be willing to drink that nasty shit again . Alas , I find myself getting ready to fix myself up with a cup of it . Here's to hoping I won't puke . 
I survived the theraflu . Gagged only three times . Once my stomach settles it's off to bed . Yay . 
Dear pain meds , I love you . You make me lovey . Especially when combined with my sick body . I am all cuddly now , and without pain . Thank you for that . Love , me . 
Still sick , feeling slightly better though . Not 100% yet =\\ 
Why won't this sickness leave me alone !?!?!?!?!?! 
Good Easter ! Lots of good food !!! Happy Easter everyone ! 
mmmm thunder =) 
At my mom's for a couple days . 
rough day ahead . 
my tummy is not happy =( 
Feeling much better now that I've slept it off . Yikes I hate feeling that yucky . 
I think I'll watch part 2 of The Stand tonight =) 
Does anyone have any pictures from You Can't Take it With You ? I was hoping they were still on the school website but I can't find them =( 
heading out for a bit . 
just got dirty putting soil into a big bag =) can't say I'm complaining . I like dirt . 
heading home soon . Hopefully will have wireless when I get there ! 
got bak from the Trans-Siberian Orchesta concert about 30 minutes ago . BEYOND AWESOME ! 
so . tired . why can't I sleep ????? 
heading home today . 
I have wireless now !!! YAY !!!! 
Twilight Zone . 
episodes of Nurse < PROPFIRST > are far too short . 
off to pick up Cait and then heading to the library ! 
I don't wanna get up =( 
so . sick . of petty BULLSHIT !!! 
dear reading , I've missed you terribly . I'm glad we can pick up where we left off with any of the awkwardness . I hope we can maintain this re-discovered relationship . Love , Me . 
gotta do some serious housekeeping tomorrow . I can't stand my room anymore . I need to clean it . 
All cleaned . Just need to work on laundry and vacuum . 
I'm going to KILL my boyfriend ! 
I had an amazing weekend . Met new ( and awesome ) people , decided to try out for the southgate community players ( Arsenic and Old Lace ) , saw my amazing boyfriend , went shopping and got new stuff , started my laundry ( finally ) , got roses =) , and saw some of my friends . I wish it wasn't over . 
Bram Stoker's Dracula is on !!! YAY ! 
ok , the nap I had earlier , not a good idea . I'm gonna try and sleep now . We'll see how well that works . 
watching Avatar for the first time . Didn't want to see it but I'm glad I did . Awesome movie . 
I need a cigarette . Fuck this shit . 
Nurse < PROPFIRST > then United States of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Right now there's a nurse helping a woman become\ 
a mom , a nurse holding the hand of a dying man , a nurse inserting \ 
an IV in a child , a nurse listening to an Alzheimer's pt . tell a story , \ 
a nurse missing their family while caring for yours . In the < PROPFEMALE > it \ 
took you to read this nurses all over the world are saving lives .? It's\ 
nurse's appreciation wk . Post if you are a nurse , love a nurse \ 
and/or appreciate a nurse 
WHY CAN'T I SLEEP ????????????? 
STOP ! Shower time ! 
All clean ! 
red lobster with < PROPMALE > ! 
Dear Wings , I love you . I really do . But wtf is this shit ? Hm ? How about you start getting some goals and stop playing around with the damn puck ? I mean , it's not like this game is important ( please note the sarcasm ) , it's not like we NEED to win this game to move on . Love , Me . 
< PROPMALE > loves < PROPFIRST > a lot !!! <3 < PROPMALE > k 
FINALLY GOT MY INSURANCE CARD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mommies and grandmommies !!! 
cleaning my room !!! Finally ! Lol . 
I feel restless . Too bad I already cleaned my room or I would be doing that . And I already got caught up with Nurse < PROPFIRST > and United States of < PROPFEMALE > . This sucks . 
Beetlejuice ! Beetlejuice ! Beetlejuice ! 
I hate reading sad stuff at night , no one up and about to make you feel better . It's silly but human contact makes me feel better after reading sad things . 
cookout !!! Yay ! 
camping out in the backyard tonight ! 
back from running around . Went to the doctors , they < PROPFIRST > blood , SUPER TIRED . Nap time ! 
Thank God for DVR . I forgot today was Tuesday and missed Glee . 
watching Shrek . 
I've got an appointment with my new kidney doctor on Monday , a couple weeks after that , a follow up with my Primary doctor , an appointment with an allergist , and then a week after that an appointment with a dermatologist . See what happens when you don't go to a doctor in a year ? You get bombarded with them . 
I like it on the edge of my bed ! 
If it’s love\ 
And we decide that it’s forever\ 
No one else could do\ 
it better\ 
And if I’m addicted to loving you\ 
And you’re addicted \ 
to my love too\ 
We can be them two birds of a feather\ 
That flock \ 
together 
clean clothes , clean sheets , clean me , and almost a clean room . Yay . 
hour and a half nap . Just what I needed . 
\I love you from your toes to your face . \"" 
I hate my stupid kidneys . 
NOT OXALATE DISEASE !! CHOCOLATE AND FRENCH FRIES HERE I COME !!! 
I think my audition went well . Keep your fingers crossed for me guys ! 
I'm so excited I can't hardly stand myself ! I got a part in Southgate Community Players ' production of Arsenic and Old Lace . 
Thanks for all of the congratulations guys !!! 
\when everybody else is getting out of bed I'm usually getting in it . I'm not in it to win it . I'm in it for you . \"" 
hmm . Shower , attempt to do something with my hair , be nervous until about three when I'll ge too anxious and start getting ready , be ready by 3:30 , have to wait an hour and a half until it's actually time to go . Meeting the boyfriend's mom today . 
first rehearsal on Tuesday ! So excited ! 
I need to clean my room . Come on energy , where are you ? 
Oh noes ! I'm going to miss Glee tonight ' cause of play rehearsal =( Oh well . I have DVR =) 
first meeting with the cast of Arsenic and Old Lace went well ! I can't wait to start rehearsals ! In other news , early morning tomorrow . Chaperoning little sisters field trip to Cedar Point . Have to be up at 6 am . 
on a bus full of 11 and 12 year olds . help ! 
i'm using a hell of a lot of self control by not strangling myself or these kids . 
is it 7:30 yet ? 
can sleep now that I know my dad is alive and not floating in a lake somewhere . However now that I know he's alive ... I'm going to kill him . 
just remembered the CRAZY dream I had last night .... 
happy pills not working =( 
sooooooooooooooooo tired . i wanna go to bed . 
so happy for < PROPFEMALE > Messer & < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . I love you Ebby !!!! 
Hungry , and I really don't want to make anything =\\ 
ew . rehearsal tonight and I feel like crap . lame . 
been at rehearsal for an hour and still haven't gotten to my part . is it bed time yet ? 
pizza and then bed . The only reason I'm not comatose now is because of the pizza . Damn you delicious food , damn you to hell . ( but not really ' cause I love you ) 
mmm bed . yes . so happy =) 
on my way to mom's . exhausted and beyond ready for bed . rehearsal was fun matty had me laughing most of the time lol . 
had a great lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Messer and my mommy ! 
Camping on the 24th ? Up in Manistee ... anyone wanna go ? I have a tent and all that fun stuff , you'd just have to pitch in for the site and groceries . 
Ok people , camping in Manistee on the 24th - 27th . Pretty much only 3 of us have confirmed for the entire duration of the trip . Anyone else wanting to go ? Let me know and I'll send you the info ! 
why does it feel like it's already night time ? It's been such a long day =\\ 
I'm hungry and tired and in pain =( at least the boyfriend is here ... despite the fact that he hurt me . ( accidently and he apologized ... but still .... lol . ) 
I'm feeling SUPER agitated right now . Might have to see about switching up my happy pill =/ Just a couple days short of a month of being on it . 
play practice tonight . Blocking the rest of the show ... I think ... Anywho , gotta get ready . 
bed . so tired . kidney is hurting , my back is all tense because of it . Doc appointments tomorrow . 
I'm wearing my Snape shirt today . I don't care that I'm 20 I have two very icky doc appointments today and damnit I'm going to wear what I want ! 
Bipolar . Shitty . Start a new medicine today . 
Despite the crap diagnosis , I'm feeling pretty good right now . Going camping soon with my brother , boyfriend , and some good friends . Rehearsal is going good , and I have the greatest boyfriend ever =) 
my meds make me CRAZY hungry . I don't ever remember eating as much as I have since I started my pills . 
Dear meds , I wish you didn't make me crazy tired , especially on nights when I have rehearsal . That is all , -Me . 
well , I started to clean my room ... and then I sat down =/ 
< PROPFIRST > saves the day again . I'm too young for this shit . But at least I've got everything figured out and ready . I can be excited about the camping trip again . 
One more week then off to Manistee ! Can't wait !!! 
I wanna shower but I have a load of clothes in the washer . I might just have to suffer through a cold shower . I need to get clean . 
Washing of the clothes : Complete . Now on to washing the blankets and sheets . -_- 
my cat has officially taken the role of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . She's asleep against my pillows at the head of the bed . Where am I ? Sitting at the foot of the bed , and I'm quite uncomfortable . 
One more load of laundry after the one in the washer and the one in the \ 
dryer . Vacuumed my room , but I still have little shit to do around it . \ 
At least the floor is clean . I’ve only the bookshelf and the dresser to \ 
clean off and my bed to make 
Taking Cait to her dad's in Ohio . Back later ! 
Clean and waiting for someone to get home because I have an appointment with a dermatologist at 11 . 
well , so much for that appointment . 
I wish I had some film . I really want to take pictures =/ In other news , Manistee in 3 days !!!!!!! 
watching The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus ... all the way through this time ... or at least until my meds fully kick in and knock me out . 
I have energy out the ass today . Cleaning , packing , washing sleeping bags , then rehearsal . Rinse and repeat tomorrow . 
I need a bag in order to pack ... shit . Didn't think that far ahead . Lol . I can find one though . Somewhere . I'm sure there are like 80 in the basement . 
Almost done packing . Only things not packed are the big stuff that can wait until tomorrow . Pillow , tent , blankets etc . as well as last minute stuff . 
sleeping bags washed . Bag packed . Lines memorized . Room ... not clean yet ... 
Home , movie , bed , get up , shower , finish packing , clean , clean out back of dad's jeep , pile my shit in back of dad's jeep , rehearsal , mom's , bed , get up , pile my shit in the back of < PROPMALE>'s SUV , camping . 
ok , so I got as far as getting up on todays list . Dear energy , where are you ? Love , me . 
okay , almost done packing , just have to get the rest of the bigger things together and put in the back of dad's jeep . 
Just about done ! I'm waiting until last minute to put my beach bag in the car because I still need to pack my powerstrip . And that's waiting until the very last minute . 
room clean , bed made , film and aluminum foil bought , and showered . Now , what to do until 7:30 ? Eat and study lines I guess . 
huuuuuuuungry !!!!!!!!!! 
Pizza for dinner . Mmmmmmmm . 
sides hurting but rehaersal is fun as usual . Can't wait until tomorrow !! 
weather is awesome , sun is shining . i love Manistee . 
heading home ! 
dear brain , it would be awesome if you would stop hurting . Love , Me . 
rehearsal tonight . Running the show ! It would be awesome if my side weren't killing me !!! 
bed . Now . 
Cleaning today . Rehearsal tonight . Laziness in between ? I think so . 
waiting for my dad to put my mirror up on my vanity so I can start putting shit away and cleaning my room . Meanwhile , I'm watching Alien vs . Predator - Requiem . 
Room cleaned ! For the most part , at least . Gonna put on another movie , not sure what yet , and run my lines . Also , 8 months baby ! I love you ! 
dinner and rehearsal . 
I slept for shit last night . My side AND kidney were hurting , woke me up twice , the second time I just stayed up . I'm so tired now . I hate my body =( 
busy week coming up . I'm going to be going back and forth from my mom's to my dad's . Going to Mom's tonight . Staying until idk . Back by Thursday for Rehearsal and then to my mom's again on Friday ( cause it's her birthday and SHE'S TURNING 41 !!!! ) Then back to dad's by Sunday . 
uh oh , meds kicking in . Bed time . 
Hmm . A lot on my mind . Can't wait to see my baby and party tonight . 
new tongue ring ! Also got mom her birthday present =) 
This heat is un-Godly . The Air is set on 60 and I'm STILL sweating . 
this heat is making me nauseous . 
finally cooling off . It took one A/C and two fans . I hate heat like this . 
woke up to a nice cold house this morning . I don't think the outside will see me for a while . It's too hot and it feels waaaaaaaay too good in this house . 
got my < PROPFEMALE > chillen ' next to me , central air , my fan going as well , and a clean room . Life is good , no ? 
I need to do something productive . I seem to be going out of my mind just sitting here . 
Dear Central Air , I love you . Love , Me . 
Dear Brain , You are all sorts of weird today . What's the deal ? I'm not really complaining ... you're just acting strange today . Sincerely , Me . 
Good night lovely people . Rehearsal tomorrow and then off to mom's on Friday =) 
Hmm . What to do today ? 
Watching V for Vendetta 
mmmm bread and butter . My favorite =) 
Doing laundry and then a shower . I'm debating on whether or not I want to straighten my hair with the heat being as it is . I'll probably just end up putting it up . 
This whole not having to be at rehearsal until later than usual is screwing up my day . 
“But \ 
what I hope most of all is that you understand what I mean when I tell \ 
you that , even though I do not know you , and even though I may never \ 
meet you , laugh with you , cry with you , or kiss you , I love you . With \ 
all my heart , I love you . ” - V for Vendetta 
I wish there were something to do around here . I feel like going out tonight . 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > Gilchrist . Love you momma ! 
Oh . 
new weekend plan : Read Deathly Hallows again . 
I think a nap is in order . I wore myself out . 
My jaw is being stupid and hurting . Maybe it's sympathy pains for < PROPFEMALE > Reeves . 
Hellraiser 2 , Hook , then Now and Then . 
You know when you have to take a pain pill right after you wake up that it's going to be a rough day . 
mom's party turned out great =) So glad we could do something like that for her ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > Gilchrist & < PROPFIRST > Reese . 
Play practice in a few . Watching movies/running lines in the meantime . 
just got home from working on the set at the playhouse , going back in an hour and a half . I'm gonna try and fit a shower and dinner somewhere in there . 
going to play practice in my pajamas . don't like it ? Too bad . 
home . tired . in pain . bed . 
< PROPFIRST > and the Giant Peach to be my bedtime movie tonight . 
Ultrasound at 2:45 then shortly after heading to the playhouse to help with set ( hopefully . My side has been acting really dumb . ) 
Opening night tonight !!! 
is it 7 yet ? I'm so anxious about tonight ! I can't wait !!! Have to start trying to curl my hair in a couple hours . That should prove interesting . 
Listening to 1940's music to help get me into character =) 
Leaving soon ! Don't forget : Tonight at 8 o'clock , 12671 Dix Toledo Rd , Southgate , MI , Arsenic and Old Lace ! Tickets are $13 . Come and see ! 
Tonight at 8 o'clock , 12671 Dix Toledo Rd , \ 
Southgate , MI , Arsenic and Old Lace ! Tickets are $13 . Come and see ! ( I will keep posting this until I have satisfied my want for all of my friends to be there . ) 
Tonight at 8 \ 
o'clock , 12671 Dix Toledo Rd , Southgate , MI , Arsenic and Old Lace ! \ 
Tickets are $13 . Come and see ! ( Gotta start culing my hair =/ ) 
So , woke up this morning ... side STILL hurting . Lame . 
This not having happy pills is starting to be a problem . 
Every time I leave the doctors office I leave with two more appointments scheduled . FML . 
Entering a contest to win a trip to the Wizarding World of < PROPMALE > Potter . Wish me luck ! 
why am I fighting a drugged sleep ? Maybe because I know I will wake up in pain ... Again . 
Off to < PROPFIRST>'s Bridal with Ebby today ! 
scratch that . Reading and watching movies . 
three hour headache , not fun . GO AWAY !!! 
make that a 4 hour headache . WTF . 
I'm about to OD on aspirin . This headache is getting ridiculous . 
surprise , surprise , I'm in pain again >=| 
rehearsal in a few hours . Steak and potatoes for dinner !! Also spent a few hours painting =) 
I am going to be so tired tonight . Pain pill now , then happy pill at 8:30 . By 10 I'll be close to a coma . 
home . bed . night . 
Tonight at 8 o'clock , 12671 Dix Toledo Rd , Southgate , Arsenic and Old Lace ! Tickets \ 
are $13 . Come and see ! 
Tonight at 8 o'clock , \ 
12671 Dix Toledo Rd , Southgate , MI , Arsenic and Old Lace ! Tickets \ 
Holy rain Batman ! I really hope we have an umbrella because I just finished curling my hair for the show ( tonight , 8 pm , tickets are $13 . Message me for more info before 6:30 ) and I'm not going to have it all undone . 
Great show tonight ! Last show is tomorrow ! Message me for details if you'd like to come ! 
Closing night of Arsenic and Old Lace . Message me for details if you'd like to see it ! 
Closing night was great ! Wish some more of my buddies could have seen it . Thanks to those who came ! I can't wait until August , Little Shop of Horrors auditions ! 
Had to wash my hair 4 times and use conditioner before my hair felt normal and free of hairspray . 
watching Little Shop of Horrors . 
I've passed tired . I'm now into zombie . Going to bed . 
I am so tired . This pain has been making my life hell . 
I should be practicing . I'm too damn tired though . 
Time seems to be going REALLY slow today . 
Why is it so hot ? 
Oh , hello rain . Thank you for cooling me off =) 
Pan's Labyrinth is on Netflix XD 
watching < PROPMALE > , preparing for the new season ! 
On season 2 of < PROPMALE > , until the boyfriend gets here . 
Ouch . Just yawned and my jaw popped . Thank you TMJ . 
crazy tired . 
I'm feeling pretty productive today . 
< PROPMALE > time ! Shit , and meds ... forgot to take them again . 
Yeesh I'm tired . Painted all day and now I just want to sleep . 
well , got a lot more done tonight than I thought I would . I managed to shower and change my sheets . 
Time for some classical music to clean to . 
Painting ! 
You learn something new every day ! I just taught myself how to make GIFS . 
we made over 300 jello shots for this weekend . Basically , it's gonna be awesome . 
cleaning today for tomorrow . I REALLY need to vacuum my room . 
room vacuumed , bathroom cleaned , room clean , nap time ? 
Mmm Chinese for dinner ! 
Party tomorrow ! It's gonna be totally awesome ! 
PARTY TIME ( in a few ) . 
Loves Vagina ! 
ignore the man behgind the curtain . tj hijacked my fb . 
hey ! I'm drunk =) Even better , I spelled all of that correctly . Amazing ! 
nap time . 
ruh roh . 
my tummy is icky . =( 
To do ( for tomorrow ): 1 . Call < PROPMALE > State . 2 . Confirm Financial Aid awards . 
You were a good < PROPFEMALE > Bryer . I'll miss you . 
I will not throw my computer , I will not throw my computer , I will not throw my computer ... 
All registered for classes . 
Guys ! I'm going to be taking Latin ! I'm pretty sure that it will be a class that will make my brain melt but I'm totally excited anyway ! 
picking out a movie and then bed time . 
Going to Ohio for the night ! 
\now you can feel all the knots in your stomach they start to untie and suddenly it's not so hard to say you're alright . \"" 
bed time ? Yeah , bed time I think ... If my brothers will ever leave ! 
OMFG !!!!! 
I'm so freaking happy !!!!!!!!!!! 
I'd rather be engaged to < PROPFEMALE > Tamm . I guess we can't all be winners . 
I'm engaged now !!! Oh my God ! I love you < PROPMALE > Kurtz ! I couldn't ask for a better fiance ! 
kidney or side , or whatever the hell is wrong with me is keeping me up . Oh well , it gives me more time to look at my ring ! 
Thank you everyone for the congrats ! You guys are awesome ( even the ones who have known for a while lol . ) 
So , unofficial date : May 19th 2012 . 
* Happy sigh * What a weekend =) 
I feel like I'm walking on a cloud . Also , got a pesky mole removed . 
Oh , ow , the numbness wore off . That sucks . Apparently having a mole removed is painful . 
OMG < PROPFEMALE > . You suck . Who cares if they build a Mosque by ground zero . TERRORISTS flew the planes into the twin towers . How are you going to punish EVERYONE for that ? Get over your close-minded beliefs and let people go about their own business in peace . 
I can't even fucking talk to you right now . 
How dare you use something like that against me . How dare you try and gloom over a wonderful moment in my life and make me feel bad about it . I'm done . I'm done letting you have this power over me . I can't do it anymore . I can't take the guilt or the anger anymore . 
I feel slightly better after getting that off my chest . Now , how to say that in a polite way to the person I need to say it to ? 
I love you < PROPMALE > Kurtz . You have a way of making me feel better , even if it's only a little bit . Only a few people can do that when I'm in one of my moods . You're the best and I love you so much . 
Holy crap ! I start school soon . 
You know what ? I'm starting school in two weeks , I just got engaged , and I'm figuring out my health shit . I don't need shit like this bringing me down . I'm going to settle it once and for all . The ball will be in her court . What she does with it will be her choice . I'm too old for these mind games . I'm trying too hard to get my life in order for it to set me back . 
Yay ! Tacos for dinner =) 
lololol . Well , I hope you got what you wanted . ' Cause I'm done . 
Hm , House on Haunted Hill after Poltergeist . I'm getting into my horror movie groove . 
Dear 3 a.m. , I hate waking up to you like this . Hopefully we will be parting soon as I've taken a pain pill . Much love , Me . 
Rough night . I was going to clean my room today but I don't have the energy . 
considering how tired I am and the fact that I am without one of my meds ... I'm in a pretty good mood . I think it's because I'm so excited about school . 
Thank you for the flowers baby , they did brighten up my day =) 
Dear headache . Go away please . 
I really hope I'm not getting sick . 
I've got the munchies . I'm thinking cereal . 
This waking up at all hours of the morning in pain thing has got to quit . 
Ow . 
Hey , 6:30 . FFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUU 
I feel like shit . 
This thing is never going to heal ( my ex mole ) I scratched it yesterday and then today while brushing my hair I scratched the scab off . Again . Ouch . 
No . No I cannot be sick . Not this week . NOT THIS WEEK DAMNIT ! I HAVE AN AUDITION =( 
the house smells like clean clothes ' cause mom is doing laundry . I love that smell . 
Hey mom ! Don't forget to get the dryer out of the blanket . lololol . 
I WANT SCHOOL TO START ALREADY !!!! 
I hate it when you remember last minute things you forgot to get for school . 
binder , earphones , and bike lock : check . 
\Did you get my text ? Well you didn't text me back . \ " If you understand this I will love you for all eternity . " 
so much excitement coming up ! Little Shop of Horror Auditions this weekend and then I start school next week ! If all goes well I am going to be a very busy < PROPFEMALE > . 
Dear Head , I would be eternally grateful if you stopped hurting . Sincerely , Me . 
Ok , seriously though , this headache needs to back the fuck off . 
Headache is FINALLY gone and I've designed my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > costume =) 
Oh , hello fever , where the hell did you come from ? 
internet is out D= 
my fiance is amazing . Thank you for taking care of my sicky self baby <3 
Dear sickness , if you are not gone by tomorrow , I swear to all that is Holy I will go antibiotic-al on your ass . 
Yay ! < PROPFEMALE > got all of my measurements for the < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > costume I designed . We're going to pick fabric out next week =) 
YOU'RE < PROPMALE > FREAKIN ' POTTER ! 
Hey ! For $ 500,000 my brother will take it up the ass . Highest bidder wins ! 
headache . ow . 
Still have a slight headache =/ auditions in a few ! Excited to see < PROPMALE > Guzman again ! 
Are you effin ' kidding me ? I can't win today . Side is hurting now too . AND I'M NOT EVEN MOVING ! 
i fail at life . i swallowed my tongue ring -.- 
Gonna re-audition tomorrow . If I can I'm going to try the singing bit again . This time I'm gonna sing Goin ' Back to Hogwarts =) 
Today was a bad day . Looking forward to sleep and putting it behind me . 
I'm hungry and we have no food =( 
boo , left my phone in < PROPFIRST>'s car . 
I feel like today went better than yesterday =) 
I'm thinking no dice . Oh well ! Now I get to audition for the Wicked Witch in Wizard of Oz . XD 
yep , no dice . Oh well , Wizard of Oz here I come ! 
starting school tomorrow ! 
first day of school ! have to deal with financial aid come lunch . 
first class went fast ! it also helps that the teacher was 10 minutes late and really cool . 
I'm so ready for today to be over . 
Oh my God my neck hurts so bad ! 
< PROPFIRST > of the Dead to take my mind off this pain and the fact that I can't do my homework tonight . 
lucky me . ended up in the emergency room and now they want to keep me overnight . 
I can't say I miss what you became but I miss who you were . And I'll miss that person so much . RIP Uncle < PROPFIRST > . 
Leaving the hospital finally . MRI was clear and I'm heading home . 
Home after stopping at Target , then a side street to dry heave , and then picking up food to settle my stomach . 
Yep . Today sucks . My neck is still hurting pretty bad and my jaw decided to join in . 
I just want to keep sleeping . I don't want to be awake . I don't want to deal with reality right now . 
Going to get my script filled to help with this pain . Then hopefully laying back down . 
back home , Motrin taken , nap time ? I think so . 
My tummy is not happy . 
Half hour before I can take another Motrin . This pain is ridiculous . 
About to go to bed . Rough day tomorrow . 
\Wake me up when September ends . \"" 
i think i'm all cried out . i'm ready for a stiff drink and another motrin for my neck . 
Home . Gonna try and eat something then hopefully by then it will be med time and I can go to bed . 
The Money Faerie needs to visit so I can get another tattoo . 
Bed time movie : Silence of the Lambs while cuddling the fiance . 
Ew , have an 8 am class tomorrow . Balls . 
I don't think I'm ready to go back to school yet . 
Bleh . Tired and hungry . Just finished my math homework and I really should catch up on my Psyche lectures but I'm wore out . 
Doing homework ! 
One more class tomorrow until an amazing weekend . 
this book better do fucking magic tricks for the price it was . 
RHPS tonight !! 
< PROPMALE > just said double rainbow all the way . rofl . 
So . Long story short . Tonight was AMAZING ! 
audition went alright , going back tomorrow so I can read for the part I want . 
I like not having an early class anymore . I like sleeping too much lol . 
Got one credit of research participation in . 2 to go . 
math class later . Excited to get ahead on some work =) 
someones head is about to roll . 
Well , I have my first conflict with a teacher this year . 
catching up on my Psyche lecture . Then do the quiz and then do some study guides . Good stuff . 
busy , busy , busy . Finished Psychology homework , now onto catching up in Criminal Justice and making sure I have all of my math shit done for the week . 
didn't get everything I wanted to do done today . There's always tomorrow ... even though by tomorrow there will be more work added on to it . One day at a time < PROPFIRST > , one day at a time . 
lol . I just got hit on . 
dfjhkgsjhdfkljghkjdfh 
Watching/listening to Drag Me to Hell and then The Calling while doing homework . 
waiting for CRJ class to start =/ 
I CAN'T WAIT FOR HALLOWEEN !!!!!!! 
My tummy can stop bitching now . I would like to enjoy food again . 
I REALLY should be studying but I feel like shit =( 
Class is going so slow and I have so much homework to do . I wish I could just do it in my class . 
WHY CAN'T I FALL ASLEEP !?!?!?!?! 
being all badass Ms. Fix-It is exhausting but empowering . 
Party tonight . It'll be good to get out of the house for a while . I need a break from the stress of school ! 
Finally finished painting my room . 
A Serbian Film . If you've seen it you understand the position/emotion I'm feeling right now . If you haven't seen it DON'T!!! 
I'm freezing , sleepy , and sore . I want my bed now , please . 
I have the best Halloween surprise for all of you . But you won't find out until the 30th of October . You'll need the time to prepare for the hilarity involved . 
so far , today sucks . 
3 day migraine . good stuff -§- 
oh , hello FB , long time no see . 
rocking purple today =) 
I need two people who are between the age of 13 and 15 . I need to interview you for my Psyche class . Anyone interested ? 
got a B on my Psyche test . Can't be mad about that ! School then fishing with dad tomorrow ! 
So excited for this weekend ! 
< PROPMALE > Kurtz's leg are nice , smooth , and hairless =) 
I'm exhausted and frustrated . Playing games to calm me down a bit . 
anyone feeling in the giving spirit ? I need $ 1,200 for school . 
I never feel like updating this thing anymore =/ 
Yay Bronchitis ! -_- 
I feel like shit =( 
Oh , hello guilt ! 
yay last minute studying !!! 
Ok , studied about as much as I can . Did all of the online study guides and read all of the chapters . Here's to hoping it will work as good as it has in the past . 
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO . I can NOT be sick again . NO DAMNIT ! 
JUST KILL ME ! I can't stand feeling this shitty . 
who still feels like shit today ? Three guesses and the first two don't count . 
watching Elf . Trying . 
cleaning to calm myself down . 
I am going to get up , get clean , get pretty and try to enjoy myself today . 
But seriously though , this cough needs to gtfo . 
Put\ 
this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was \ 
killed at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry when it was under \ 
siege by Death Eaters in The Second Wizarding War . Over 50 witches and \ 
wizards died in this attack . 93% of wizards won't repost this , but will \ 
you be part of that magical 7% that ... will ? Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army . 
OMG the Target two day commercial . Too funny . 
PAINTING !!! 
what's the best way to show your fiance you love them ? Drop a hammer on their back . 
so . tired . class can be over now , yeah ? 
You\ 
and I wake up in jail together ... Using only FOUR words , what would you\ 
say to me ? NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your \ 
status so I can comment on yours ! Fair is fair ... Play along ! 
do not want to go to rehearsal tonight =/ 
tired , oh hey , it's 1 in the morning ... that could be why . 
School and then rehearsal right after . Good stuff =| 
Oh . It's December . That sucks . 
the flash pot and I didn't get along tonight . My bangs are singed . 
MY INTERNET IS BACK !!!! 
I can't believe this semester is almost over . I think once it's over I'm either going to try to get a job or do some volunteer work . 
Ok now Tumblr , get your shit together I'm losing my mind . 
Thanks for listening Tumblr ! 
FFFFFFUUUUUUUUUU Facebook ! Tumblr is back ! 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
Oh . Ok . My world started spinning again . 
Time for bed . Class tomorrow . 
Class in a few =/ 
Murder Mystery ? I'M IN ! SO EXCITED ! 
I've been told < PROPMALE > State rarely has snow days , besides , I have a final tomorrow ... but still , wouldn't it be awesome ? 
Criminal Justice final today . 
Well , good thing I didn't want to sleep because I'll be too worried to do it now . Have to watch my dog , make sure she's ok . 
fighting to keep my eyes open as I study . 
Psychology final out of the way . Nap , doctors app ., and then to the Playhouse . 
math final tomorrow and then MURDER MYSTERY ! So excited ! Not about the final . 
DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE ! NO MORE SCHOOL , NO MORE SHOW , NO MORE TESTS ! Cleaning my room this week , finishing up a present and enjoying the holidays . So relieved . 
CLEANING ! My OCD is pleased =) 
My room is so pretty and clean . I gotta start on laundry tomorrow . 
Dear Laundry , go and die . Or do yourself . Either way , I'll be happy . 
I can't believe how fast the past couple months have gone by . Christmas is almost here ! It's insane ! 
So I've been trying to reign in my excitement for Christmas because it seems to come by slower to more excited you are . BUT OMFG IT'S ALMOST CHRISTMAS ! 
I am so excited for this Christmas . Get to see a lot of family I haven't been able to get together with in a long time . Wish we could have done it earlier though , so everyone could be there . 
Bed . Night ! 
I need hangers to magically appear in my room please . 
I want to see Black Swan so bad . 
¬.¬ heartburn 
Yep , a little hormonal . Glee is making me cry . 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > was great ! So glad to see my family together like that . Also got badass gifts from Aunt < PROPFEMALE > =) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE ! 
Writing With my tablet ! 
Reading ! Probably for the next couple days because I have four new books to devour . 
Finished two books . Two more to go . 
Please let me not be sick 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is seriously my soulmate . 
Making cookies in a few ! 
I'm hungry . I really want potatoes . 
I'd be more impressed if there was an 11.0.11 
< PROPFEMALE > O and I had a fun ride home . I hope the bastard that hit us gets some kind of karmic retribution as his car wasn't even damaged . 
Doing laundry , then cleaning my room . 
Dear hunger , go away . \ 
\ 
Sincerely , \ 
Me . 
Despite what you may think , I do miss you . 
And people wonder why I don't go to parties anymore . Also , I wouldn't mind sleep . The body says no , however . 
Poker with Kein P . Onickel , < PROPMALE > Kurtz , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Zakhim , and Nudal Zakhim . Chocolate for money =) 
Is anyone awake ? 
Well , I applied for a flight attendant job . Could be nothing , could be awesome , but really all I can think is how much time that would mean not seeing the fiance . But it's a great opportunity . 
ouch . I am not leaving my bed today . 
\So complicated\ 
Good morning everyone ! I'm off to bed =) 
Nostalgia is a bitch , but so are you . 
So I would like to be able to sleep at a normal time again . I don't know how much longer I will be able to stand not seeing the sun . 
Working on day three of not seeing daylight . I miss the sun =( 
Ok , I can do this . Stay . Awake . Stay . Awake . 
There are days when I truly hate what our government has become . Fuck this rape redefinition . Fuck the people trying to put it through and fuck them for trying to make people feel less than human . 
lol , silly anon's . 
please don't be sick . please , please , please don't be sick . 
made myself grilled cheese and tomato soup for lunch . Quite satisfying . 
I should probably get my stuff together . 
waiting for my baby to get home . 
Sudden craving for Tomato Soup . 
in the mood for some momma cuddles * hint * < PROPFEMALE > Gilchrist * hint * 
I love my mom < PROPFEMALE > Gilchrist more than she could ever comprehend . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Ghadiali happy birthday ! 
Please put this as your status for at least one hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Diabetes , Fibromyalgia , Crohn's , Rheumatoid Arthritis , MS , Chiari Malformation , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , COPD , Lupus , Immune Disorders , mental illness and psychological disorders ) . Do it for all who have an invisible illness . It's a daily struggle to feel sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside 
I'm hungry =/ 
I'm hungry but there's nothing to eat . 
the sun should be coming up soon . I don't want it to . 
Best < PROPFIRST>'s Day EVER . 
\well you did drink his < PROPMALE > juice ... \"" 
My brain isn't letting me sleep . 
waiting for my baby to wake up . 
Guys , if you don't know what is happening in Libya , I suggest looking it up . 
I need a one of those little plastic things that goes on the bottom of your door . Having a room as close to the bathroom as mine is , especially when your brother has to shit , is not fun . 
I want another tattoo so bad . 
Oh shit ! Updating from my new phone ! 
so sleeeepppyyy . 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! It's been great so far . 
I love my phone . 
I can't wait for this weekend . Lots of fun , drinks , and more fun . 
At the bar with < PROPFEMALE > . Be jealous . 
On day .... 3 of going out ? I think . Whatever , it's my birthday week . I'M ALLOWED TO HAVE FUN ! 
Having so much fun ! 
Drumk now 
I love my frienas ! 
last night was so awesome !!! Can't wait for round 2 !!! 
Ew . Ew . Ew . Ew . 
Srynk . So fun . Si drunk . 
I have had such a great birthday week . I love you all !!! 
Oh . My . God . The fuck ? 
Feel like poo 
laying in bed . I'm sleepy but I can't fall asleep . Lame . 
Kicking ass at phase 10 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF I'll never be able to sleep now . Too pissed off . 
sleeeeeeeeppppppyyyyyyyy . 
Being awake for the time change : Mind fuck . 
Hormones + Watching Rent = Sobbing , quivering mess . 
I hate job hunting . So . Much . 
too much religion going on around me right now . My brain may very well explode . 
looking at my family list on my profile . I have A LOT of aunts . Not complaining though . 
Made a St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day T-shirt !! 
Having so much fun 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ! 
A whole glass of water on my laptop . Awesome . Now it won't turn on 
It turned on . My laptop turned on . 
Guys ... I'm on my laptop . It fucking works ! I CAN TYPE AGAIN ! 
woke up out of a dead sleep needing to puke . No me gusta . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , it is so game on you ignorant bitch . 
Feeling rather feisty . 
Suddenly I have the urge to watch Super Troopers . Could it be because of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Doorn's status ? Perhaps . 
Can't sleep =/ 
getting ready to go out . 
DRUNK ! LIFE IS FO GOOD RIGHT NOWL .! 
new email everyone laureagan53@gmail.com 
Sometimes it feels like I will never be able to smile again . 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world . Who isn't perfect but , is perfect for you . Who works hard and would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful for everyday , and who you could not live without . Brag about him a little and post this as your status . ? 
HEY GUYS ! IT'S < PROPFIRST > Reese's BIRTHDAY ! GO ANNOY HIM WITH BIRTHDAY WISHES ! 
Matty Mullins , < PROPMALE > Guzman , < PROPMALE > Chrzanowski , I miss you guys =( 
I'm ready for Southgate Community Players to start the summer season ! 
Having so much fun . Thank god for auto correct . 
si drunk 
After being out in the cold and wind I could really use some soup . 
currently kicking < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Robotnik's ass at word feud . lol . 
Our father who < PROPMALE > in Detroit . Hockey be thy name . Thy will be done . The cup will be won . On ice , as well as in the stands . Give us this day our hockey sticks . And forgive us our penalties , as we forgive those who cross-check against us , Lead us not into elimination . But deliver us to victory . In the name of the fans , ... Lord < PROPMALE > , and in the name of the Wings . Amen . Copy this & repost if you are a Wings fan ! 
Toeveryone I invited to the Slumber Party , it looks like we might have to reschedule . 
Watched Insideous with < PROPFIRST > . Funniest and freakest moment in my life . 
Trying to not get my hopes up ... but I'm really excited . 
Productive day . Applied for an apartment . We'll know by monday . 
War path ? Me ? Noooo . 
Watching the < PROPFEMALE > Diaries with < PROPMALE > . He likes it . 
Osama dies : have serious talk about zombie apocalypse . < PROPFEMALE > O . 
