The Comedown by Bring < PROPFEMALE > the Horizon !! or if I was feeling mellower ( if thats a word ) .. or ( even if it isn't ) Ride by the < PROPFIRST > Brothers . 

I was on three fricken calls today .. theres something about being in proximity gear when its 100 degrees out on a beautiful sunday morning .. Firedawgs rule though remember this lol 
The chimp that attacked Oprah !! True story .. just maybe the best thing I heard all year .. 
Music , Jesus , my big sisters wedding and how I cant wait for what the future holds in the truest , purest non-cheesiest of ways .. haha 
just putting my finishing touches on the cure for cancer is all .. 
My birthday and swearing in with the Army on Sunday . Decided to switch it up a bit . USAF Firedawg to Army Military Police .. Keep me in your prayers . 
Spurs . 
Ready to be home and make history .. 
movies loosely based on my life .. hustle and flow , i am legend , the gladiator , bogey nights and to name a few .. 
The sickness followed me from fort sill .. everyone in my platoon got upper resperitory infection .. even me .. just not bad enough to go to sick call but when i got home .. death .. 
Mitlitary Police in the Texas Army National Guard now son !! http://yearbook.com/a/nmey9?ref=nf 
The fact that Jesus was a Jew .. 
\Cowards die many times before their deaths . The valiant never taste of death but once . \"" 
The wicked run away when no one is chasing them , but the godly are as bold as lions . -Proverbs 28:1 
The movie Experiment was fricken really dern good .. no joke .. check it out ! 
It's never a good idea to < PROPFEMALE > a werewulf .. but its always a good idea to listen to more Living Sacrifice ! 
I have a bad habit of choosing the path of most resistance .. But God has a good habit of rescuing me though .. 
Would vote for hot pockets if they ran for office . 
But < PROPFIRST > this : There will be terrible times in the last days . People will be lovers of themselves , lovers of money , boastful , proud , abusive , disobedient to their parents , ungrateful , unholy , without love , unforgiving , slanderous , without self-control , brutal , not lovers of good , treacherous , rash , conceited , lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God—having a form of godliness but denying its power . 2Timothy 3:1 -5 
Happy Halloween suckas !! 
Bored as all hell .. can't wait to go back to training .. 
Oceano owns .. 
woogie boogie 
Checking out the new videos on my wall my save baby seals .. 
Smoked out the whole house just from overcooking some rice .. reminds me of the good ole days .. 
Metal = soundwave superior 
Floatation devices .. 
If you don't live for something , you'll die for nothing .. 
Hip .. Hip-Hop .. Hip op < PROPFEMALE > otamus .. story of my life .. 
Undoing Ruin .. swagger < PROPFIRST > a lil Darkest Hour , right there .. 
We came this far to tell the good to\ 
Shine light so I can see your eyes\ 
She'd your light on me\ 
\ 
What ? Is this your only obsession ? \ 
Destroy everything you create ? \ 
( I am my own disease ) 
Anyone who says \Easy as taking < PROPFEMALE > from a baby\ " has never tried it . Thought this was funny .. don't worry .. i've never tried .. " 
I have decided despite popular belief heavy metal has some of the deepest and most intriguing lyrics I've ever seen hands down ! 
Check the poem by < PROPFIRST > Strom on my bio peeps . 
I just cooked a bunch of chicken .. and now I don't even feel like eating it .. 
Pointless but interesting fact : If you unfolded your brain , it would cover an ironing board . 
Psalm 55:22 Cast your cares on the LORD and he will sustain you ; he will never let the righteous fall . 
The new Bring Me the Horizon continuasly blows my mind .. just the album name alone .. * There Is a Hell , Believe Me I've Seen It . There Is a Heaven , Let's Keep It a Secret * .. owned .. check out \Visions\ " on the same album .. just may save your life .. continuasly .. " 
I offically deem this month Manuary .. Because I am all that is man and Manu Ginobili's pretty cool too :) <= manly emoticon .. 
Acid reflux sucks ! 
A TV can insult your intelligence , but nothing rubs it in like a computer . haha 
Amazing how life turns out the way that it does\ 
We end up hurting the worst , the only ones we really love 
You will hear of wars and rumors of wars , but see to it that you are not alarmed . Such things must happen , but the end is still to come . < PROPFIRST > 24:6 
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets . 
When in doubt , mumble . 
Decided to make coffee this morning and much to my dismay the pipes leading to my kitchen must've been frozen .. don't know for sure but one could only assume since it was below freezing overnight and 34 now .. but i realized the water worked in my bathroom so now we cool .. lol 
You can't teach courage . 
Someone stole my GPS out of my car and killed my battery last night while i was in work .. luckily it was freezing outside and the fuzz took like 30 mins to get there .. but thankfully < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > had my back and swooped me up .. 
