I resolve to be even more awesome this year . 

Ok . I need to know who uses Skype . 
Just got internet at my place . Yeah ! 
< PROPMALE > is losing what is left of his mind . 
Everything and nothing . 
is slowly dying . 
I am dancing to Reggae . :) 
I am alone . And it's my own fault . I think I prefer it . Alone is easy . 
Why are the words , \You wanna get coffee sometime ? \ " so freakin ' hard to say ? " 
I want to be a werewolf . The speed , the power , the senses , the predatory nature , it would be awesome . 
New TV ! YEAH ! Now they will feel my fury in HD . 
I am having fun . I have no plans for the four day weekend . I must make plans . 
The weekend is here . Whoopde doo . 
To much social inequality . The system must die . MUAHAHAHAHAHA ! Whooo . I feel better now . 
And since I've no place to go , let it snow , let it snow , let it snow . 
http://stormlancer.blogspot.com 
I forgot Halloween was here . I don't do halloween . I watched Hocus Pocus , i know what Halloween is . Anyone gonna be bringing back witches this year let me know . I need adventure . 
2nd degree burns suck . ow . 
In War , Victory . In Peace , Vigilance . In Death , Sacrifice . 
I am considering something rather unconventional . I don't know what it is yet , but it's forming . 
Still recovering from thanksgiving . Got mauled by mini-lions . Can't show kids a moments weakness . 
So full . So happy . 
Last . Final . Over . I love it's over , I love that school is out . I love the freedom , I love to scream and shout . I love this season , with all it's christmas cheer . Bomm-de-yada . 
I think I'm going down . I may be getting sick . Figures . 
I think I should've stayed away for the holidays . 
I am currently existing in the < PROPFEMALE > space between homicidal rage and maniacal laughter . Could go either way . 
Ok . got Skype back up . It's timothy . dungar if anyone is interested . If not , I probably didn't want to hear from you anyway . lol 
I was so much more comfortable when I didn't know that the colors were the underwear . I applaud the cause , but I didn't need to know that about my friends . 
< PROPMALE > IS BACK ! WOOHOO !!!!!! 
sick of offers that require you to fill out surveys 
one week and I'm back in < PROPMALE > ! 
I have have decided that people are simple . Dealing with them is hard . 
Back in < PROPMALE > 
Back in West Hall . Room 123 if anyone wants to stop bya nd say hi . Trying to fit all my stuff in . 
I'm in New Orleans ! 
My brother got married today ! 
I hate being single on < PROPFIRST>'s day . So , basically , I hate < PROPFIRST>s's day . 
Working out everyday starts to feel good . 
Movies , videogames , workout , eat , sleep , repeat . Springbreak is boring . 
I hate doing stupid stuff and then everything goes to $h ! # because of it . 
I am become procrastination , destroyer of grades . 
is back in Ohio . Somebody gonna get hurt . 
I am starting to get annoyed at facebook . 
feels pretty good after letting off a few rounds . 
Flying Cheesecake Fortress ........ OF DOOM ! 
wonders what it would be like to rocket luge inside an atom smasher . 
is back in < PROPMALE > ! 
' s phone is dead . And he is soooooooooooooooo bored . Destruction to commence . 
has just concluded today's lesson in AWESOME ! 
My phone is completely dead . Bought a new charger and the phone won't charge . This is really annoying . 
All right . I got a new phone but they couldn't transfer my contacts . Send me a text with your name or give me a call plz . 
soooooooo .......... hottttttttttttttttt .......... brainnnnnnnnnnnn ........... melitnnnnnnnnnnng 
Sometimes you just have to make the best of a murderous rampage . 
I AM A SEXY SHOELESS GOD OF WAR !!! 
is lonely . 
is getting ready to travel for a < PROPMALE > wedding ! 
is still unable to find a job opening for world dictator . 
I need a more complicated life . 
job hunting . not as fun as regular hunting . 
It feels like autumn . 
I'm bored . I'm gonna sing the doom song ! Doom doom doom doom doom de doom ! 
There's something that just feels wrong when it takes more than one headshot to kill an enemy . 
Rockin ' the Big Easy ! I wish my friends were here . 
My computer is slag , my Xbox is dead . If this keeps up I may have to get a real life . 
ooh-ee-ooh-ah-ah-ting-tang-walla-walla-bing-bang . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone . 
New computer and I am back online ! 
Some days you just want to give fate a punch in the face . 
Some of my most awesome moments begin as my most stupid ideas . 
I hate it when the voices in my head get smart with me . 
Freezing rain is like a beautiful woman . Nice to look at but you know it's gonna be trouble . 
It's not that I like people to be hurt , it's just that I know a lot of people who deserve it . 
I love rain . It's peaceful . 
