Hopefully a good dose of some < PROPMALE > cook stand up will lighten the mood 

Harder than expected 
Feels like I'm in quicksand tied to a slowly sinking rock . I just need a sign ! 
A light @ the end of the tunnel , a step forward no matter the size , just forward . All I've ever accompished was to show you only that I could , but now even though you are my driving force ... I'm doing this to show myself 
cell phone out of commission 
Why does doing what you think is the right thing always in some way , shape , or form inflict pain within you or the opposing side ? 
If you pray for < PROPFEMALE > will God give it to you , or the opportunity to be patient ; If you pray for a family to be closer , will you become closer , or will you get the opportunity to become closer . ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > you're the man ) 
So caught up in what I've lost I'm oblivious to what I could of had , so focused on what should be done I've lost track of the things I wanted to do all along , so worried about who I should be ; I've forgotten who I really am , so involved in the past I've neglected to look towards my future . 
The longer we set and dwell on our misfortunes , the greater their power to harm us . To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you really are . Begin everything with the end in mind , we must become the change we want to see ! 
The average person thinks he isn't . Each problem that I solve will become a rule which serves afterwards to solve other's problems . Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you're good is like expecting the bull not to charge because you're a vegetarian . Happiness is good health with a bad memory . 
A decision must be made ; Are you hanging on the cross !?, or banging in the nails !? 
Happy Birthday bro I miss you more than I can explain ! 
Today's culture promotes ( in some fashion ) that we should live and do with no regards toward guilt or punishment . They say as long as you make yourself happy that's what matters . However a moral compass can only point you in the right direction , you have to make the choice of which way you go . 
Some are punished for the sins of others ! We care not to understand their suffering , we continue to only frown and pass judgement upon the individual . Have we completely lost the sense to look past someones flaws , no matter how extreme ? If this is the path we continue to follow then I only feel sorry for those who refuse to open their eyes as well as their minds , they will miss out on something beauitful . 
Just doesn't really get it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hadn't had a nightmare like that in awhile ... 
LOL holy S#$% !!!!!!!!! Still can't shake off last night 
They say an eye for an eye will leave us blind ...... Thank God for braille ! It's completely IMPOSSIBLE to keep EVERYONE happy ! 
The truth seems to be changing as fast as people and time . 
Those who can't do ... teach 
To be loved in this way is life-altering , to be needed in this way is unbelievable , to be missed in this way is a true testament to how much you meant to me . They say time heals all wounds , but it also has the power to make you numb to a particular , consistent pain ... without pain there is no pleasure . 
I miss you so much , because now is when I need you the most 
Saddle Sore !!!!!!!!!!!! LOL LOL LOL 
Sometimes a moment can change things , sometimes in an instant our choices are made for us : the retaliation of an enemy , the realization of a truth , the betrayal of a friend . Yes indeed , it is the small moments that change everything . 
Life isn't fair , sometimes dreams do not come true , sometimes you're not the hero of the story of your own life , & sometimes people die before they are suppose to . Life isn't fair , but fair has nothing to do w/who you are inside ... what you dream about ... who you love ... or what you stand for . 
The past can be forgotten ... it cannot be ignored , but @ some point it is a part of who you are & a part of who you will become . 
What you want to do means little or nothing of what you have to do . Thanks Dad 
Wants to turn the tables and throw life a curve ball ! 
Still can't seem to find a reason to be here ! 
Only 1 person who would understand it all ! What would you have me do !? 
The Islamic people and their faith are entitled to their religious views , it's one of the foundations that this country was built on ! We should let and almost even welcome the fact that they would like a memorial of their own . It is no disrespect to those lost , whether they be Christian , Muslim , Hindu , Jew , etc . we just need to get over ourselves and move on as a people , one common species ! 
A white haired gibbon jumps into a tiger enclosure and enrages the 500lb predator . As the gibbon escapes over the fence the tiger follows by jumping over the 12ft high fence with another 2ft overhang , but the tiger is calmed and stopped by a 2yr old girl as he rounds a corner and is put face to face with her ! AMAZING ! 
After all this time I still think of you daily , how I miss the days ! I will continue to < PROPFEMALE > you throughout our hard times and make sure your memory serves as our strength . 
When one door opens another closes , when you gain one thing expect to lose another . Life has more than just speed bumps and curve balls , it's one of the few things that will kick you while you're down . And the only sensible thing to do is move forward , which may indeed be the hardest thing to do . 
Super excited that the day started @ 4 f-ing A.M. ! 
Time for mother nature's remedy 
You never lose in life , until you quit ! 
trying to figure out what it is I'm looking for and I found it , Dec . 25 1991 , it was perfect 
Whoever said this pain would ever go away didn't know what it meant to be here without you 
Saw it all going differently 
The thing with pain and pleasure is that if you push someone far enough away they can't feel either . I must reinvent myself yet once again , they always talk about second chances , well what about thirds . They say your hands can become an extension of your heart , that explains why mine are so cold . Happy Birthday Dad ! 
\You can do anything ! You are MY son and we < PROPFEMALE > to much pride in us for ANYTHING to beat us ! \ " < PROPFIRST > R . < PROPMALE > " 
This whole time I have been clawing and scratching ; fighting for this , but as I step back and look , I have been fighting for the wrong reason . If I continue to fight you on this then I am no better a person than what you are . Yoo once said you had no choice but to go on with it , well ...... YOU LIED ! 
I am the prototype of how to unlove overnight ! 
Just can't seem to shake it off 
As life goes on , so does time . Friendships and relationships are made and broken , life slows down for no one , no matter how much good or bad you've done . As all this is unfolding aspects of life change as quick as new memories are made and replace the old ones . How does one go about moving forward while hanging on to what is now lost 
Once you lose something or someone you love , why do you tend to keep everyone or everything else you love @ a distance . This makes you become unsocial , unsympathetic , and drastically decreases whatever < PROPMALE > you had @ being happy or being able to fully love again . 
Thinks they should reconsider some of the pain meds they give people ...... cause HOLY CRAP !!!!!!!!!!!!! LOL everything is becoming more difficult to do today LOL 
Having no more tricks up your sleeve . No more fight left in your will , no more battling up your hill . When is a good time to forgive , I now < PROPFEMALE > so much anger as I live . Trying desperately to hold on . Memories are passing and will soon be gone . Still trying to find a release for my grief . Will it come ? Will it be had ? All I know is I miss you Dad ! 
Unsocialable ?....... I like to call it \drama free \"" 
Wishes I could go back to who I used to be sometimes , then I think of what life has taught me . It only reinforces the things I don't say and do mean as much as the things that are said and done , I only wish you could see it as well . 
