says bazinga ! 

I believe that everything happens for a reason . People change so that you can learn to let go . Things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they go right . You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself , and sometimes good things fall apart , so that better things can fall together - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
drove thru a neighborhood and saw some people getting ready for sweethearts . kinda wish i was going ... 
went and saw dear < PROPFIRST > today ... very disappointed 
im so ready for this winter crap to be over !!!! 
dont you hate when people talk crap about you and then just act like they never did . im not as stupid as i look 
off to work . * sigh * peace ! 
just got my meningitis shot , owee ! 
im bored 
just wanted to see how you were doing . but you can ignore me , thats cool too . i thought we were past this 
i cant find my crackers 
off to work , see ya ! 
just watched this week's make it or break it . omg ! it was good ! 
is ready for track to finally start 
i hate when people drive way under the speed limit . it drives me insane in the membrane ! haha , ya ... 
bacon is the candybar of meats . haha lol 
snow ? are you freaking kidding me ?! 
so what's this ' farmville ' business ? is it any fun ? 
idk how to play the stupid farmville !! 
everything tastes better with bacon , especially bacon 
poltergeist ..... strange movie 
i hate when someone calls you and you have no idea who it is 
that was a long night at work ... 
got to dissect a pig heart today ... pretty cool 
forgetting to turn the doorknob could be a problem if you're trying to open the door ... ouch , lol . i swear , sometimes i think my hair was supposed to be blonde 
american idol-10 minutes ! am i the only one who still watches that show ??? lol 
so bored its not even funny 
ok , < PROPMALE > gokey is finally coming out with a cd ...... but its COUNTRY ! its just not right ... 
american idol-20 minutes ! everybody watch < PROPFIRST > garcia , he's the best ! 
friday is the dumbest day to start track practice 
what exactly is lunatic fringe ? 
wow , track's finally here . this year is flying by 
my ears hurt so bad ! the wind sucks ! 
shutter island really messed with my head ..... but that was the most fun i've had in a long time ! 
waiting all night to talk to that one person and then they're not on ... 
i need new music , any suggestions ? 
loves driving away and watching someone run after them in the rear view mirror . hahahaha 
if i dont go to bed now then i wont have even the slightest < PROPMALE > of just hearing my alarm go off in the morning ... 
ahh , nothing beats the feeling of having turf in your shoes after the first day of practice 
got to see some presentations from colleges today ..... scary ... 
mmkay , time for bed . night night 
i cant believe i just ate 5 tacos without any problem at all ... being a third wheel sucks 
bowled a 136 last night , and got to meet the bf .... 
:) 
put my other wheels back on . yay !!!!! 
crap everywhere ... kinda pissed me off ...... can you OD on sprees , i think im almost there 
i am gonna be so sore tomorrow ! 
i can feel the soreness coming on ... 
Roadster show :) 
loves finally cleaning her room and finding stuff she forgot she had :) 
have a ton of homework to do .... nothing else to do today .... but i'd rather do nothing than do homework 
i hate waking up with a ginormous headache .. ugh 
ugh ... 
im so tired , and hot ......... perfect day for track though :) 
is literally falling asleep at the computer , i better go ............................ 
track meet tomorrow @ borah , 4:30 ......... 
well that sucked ... 
i ? mint fudge covered oreos 
wow , 35 on the freeway , really ? 
its just great practicing in the crappy weather and then having to go to work , yay me ... 
good practice today :) 
does anyone actually know this < PROPFEMALE > brown character ? 
track meet tomorrow @ home , 4:30 . i better see some of you warriors out there ! 
got my dress today :) 
got my dress today :) trying to decide if i should ask someone or not 
totallylookslike.com 
feels like crap today :( 
just noticed that her cd has been over for like 5 minutes .. haha 
my sister is seriously cracking me up right now !! 
finding nemo ... gotta love it 
thinking you have to work at 6 + getting all the way to work just to find out you dont have to be there for another 30 minutes = me being kinda pissed and having nothing else to do but just sit in the breakroom .... 
i need new music ! does anybody know anything good ? 
is being attacked by her sister .... somebody please help me !!! 
well looks like i wont be getting much sleep tonight ... that movie freaked me out a little 
dont really get this tiki resort game .. 
the last song is a good movie ... sad though 
this weather sucks ! i wish i was at a beach somewhere just soakin up the sun 
TOO . MUCH . EASTER . < PROPFEMALE > . no explanation needed ... 
american idol is on tonight , its my birthday and guess who has to work ...... uh ya , that'd be me 
just got my ear pierced :) 
is really irritated 
track meet tomorrow .... whoop de do 
got first in shot and disc 
thunder :) 
thanks Glee ... now i have < PROPFEMALE > songs stuck in my head 
hmmm , what to do what to do ... 
yikes !! 
so glad tomorrow's friday 
turned my paper in this morning and she already lost it by fourth period .... im really irritated right now :( 
borrrred ... 
loves going through old pictures ... im dying of laughter right now 
wow ..... 
ahhhh , i did not post all those videos !!!!! 
just realized how ready for summer i really am 
idk who else is watching glee but i wish i could dance like them ! 
hailstorm + track = ouch 
so pretty much no one showed up to the track meet .... ya .. 
3 and a half hours of catching up that was way past due , hilarious ! \ 
Good Morning everyone !!! :D 
its warm outside today , worked up a sweat w/ my sis throwin :) 
jv districts tomorrow , bye bye track season :( 
how many times do we have to tell ppl that we cant leave the school unless they are checked out . i mean seriously , how hard is it ? pretty hard apparently 
nap time ! 
well that was one great adventure ! 
last night was a blast ! 
whoa , nasty storm blowin in 
? I wanna be a billionaire so fricking bad\ 
Buy all of the things I never had\ 
Uh , I wanna be on the cover of Forbes magazine\ 
Smiling next to Oprah and the < PROPFEMALE > ? 
borrrrrrrrredd 
so there's some pretty embarrassing pics of me in the track part of the dvd ... 
good weekend so far ... firebird tomorrow ! :) 
got rid of my farmer's tan today :) \ 
but now im burnt to a crisp haha 
dont you hate those neighbors that always have to stir shit up ? \ 
jeeze , mind your own business . 
haha . go suck a lemon 
best day i've had in a long time ! :) 
crazy day ! 
funnn day yesterday ! 
one more to go ... 
summer , it turns me upside down , summer summer summer , its like a < PROPFEMALE > go round ! :) 
tomorrow : ACT , then wedding , sunday : off to cali :) 
fun night at the wedding ! 
fun day at the beach ! :) 
lovin < PROPFEMALE > california ! :) 
ah , home sweet home :) 
my head is still spinning ... 
How many of us really know everybody on your FB account list ? Here is a task for you ... I want all my FB friends to post how they met me .. After your comment repost .. You will be amazed by the comments ... This could get very inetresting .... And Have FUN .. ( : . 
off to the car show ! 
car show + no trees = sunburnt back\ 
now off to the races ! :) 
looong day ........... and another car show tomorrow :) 
irritated 
well , according to ... well , enough people , im just a big ol ' bitch , so watch out ! 
i dont know why i even try to just ' window shop ' . it never works out 
i need new music again . anybody know anything good ? 
looooooooong day of shopping :) 
won tickets for the boise music festival today ! :) 
boredddddddd 
finally get to < PROPFEMALE > out with my partner in crime ! :) 
well that was the most fun i've ever had being stuck in traffic :) 
wants to go to roaring springs . anyone want to go ? 
i dont understand dippin dots 
fun night with the crew :) 
fun night ! :) 
wants a new car so bad ! 
the < PROPFEMALE>'s got talent judges are on crack 
There comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy !!! 
went to the dentist and what do you think i did when i got home ? opened a can of soda and ate ice cream :) 
hey , next time i want to be talked to like im a 2 year old , i'll let you know , k ? 
its weird how many random cars drive through my neighborhood at this hour 
left my soda in the fridge at work :( not a happy camper 
cant get a card at the meridian library cuz i have a nampa address , go to the nampa library and cant get one there either because we are \out of city limits\ " \ 
why do i have to be such a clutz ? idk if i'll be able to work tomorrow :/ 
well , i got my cast today :( 
casts suck . i've had an itch in the same spot for like two hours that i cant get to . 
off to bed . mri at 7:30 tomorrow morning :( 
well as of now i wont be needing surgery 
mmbop :) 
bored out of my mind .................. 
im bored so .... Who really knows me ?.. What's my fullname , nickname , eye color , bestfriend(s ) , birthday and favorite color ? Put this as your status and see who really knows you 
Say what you say or just sail away 
fun day at the movies ! :) 
aww ... my sprees are all gone :( 
i really want to just hop in the car and take a drive , blast my music .... dear ankle , i hate you 
linkin park's new stuff is so different 
happy learned how to put , uh oh 
i can hear warped tour going on ... :( 
you aint got no pancake mix ! 
got my cast off today . i have no calf muscle left 
ice cream :) 
im having some serious de < PROPFEMALE > vu going on right now 
bored ............ 
fun night ! \ 
there's always that one random guy in the theater that laughs at the parts that arent even funny . :) 
i hate kildeer birds ! \ 
is it really necessary to squak at all hours ? 
Sometimes I want to just copy someones status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
can't sleep ............ 
good day :) 
i . hate . writing . the end 
fun night !! 
your voice is like a combination of fergie and jesus 
tgif ! 
WHOO ! GO MERIDIAN ! \ 
awesome night ! :) 
good times tonight 
well that didnt go as planned 
pretty fun night , despite the loss 
got my stuff for spirit week :) 
well , just sold my car 
Phineas and Ferbots 
How did we meet ? copy and paste and see who remembers !!!!! 
finally caught up ... i think 
soooo bored 
found my ' time capsule ' that we made in like first grade . it says we aren't supposed to open it until high school graduation ..... not that much longer to go ! 
great night ! \ 
much needed catch up time with the cousin ! :) 
i like it on the floor 
< PROPMALE > walk :) 
Sister Week . If you have a sister who's made you laugh , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fall , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong and you cannot do without her , copy and paste this to your status . (: 
i hate english 
ugh 
need to take senior pics still ... aldskjflskjd 
i purposely go out of my way to step on any leaves that look crunchy :) 
feels like a friday . pissed that its not 
jackass 3d = awesome\ 
suggestion : put paper bags at each chair ..... i almost lost it a couple of times 
if i've learned anything tonight , it'd have to be that i will never be going to < PROPFIRST>'s again , for real this time 
senior pictures up ! 
woo , college fair by myself . awesome 
It's for the kids : Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \ 
invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , Dec 6th there should \ 
be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of wonderful childhood \ 
memories . This is in protest of violence against children 
came home to a headless snowman :( 
tangled was cute ... pretty sure i enjoyed it more than most of the little kids in the theater 
Oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , ooooh . \ 
Are they laughing at or with me ? \ 
Why can't we just say what we mean ? 
pretty pissed that < PROPFIRST > didnt make it , he should've atleast gotten to try for the wild card . \ 
\ 
oh and p.s. we are in < PROPFEMALE > , the show is < PROPFEMALE > n idol . speak english please 
stressed ... today was a weird day 
just saw some guy wandering through my neighborhood carrying a chainsaw . can you say creeper ? 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! i had a great day ! :) 
