Lost and not yet found 

slowly moving into the mode of what ever !!! 
just finished a 4 < PROPFEMALE > letter 
dont u hate it when u have a song stuck in ur head .. and that is all u hear ?? 
Anybody got a dang laughin pill or something .. extremely sugar filled coffee !!! 
I need a cookie .... 
what the hell i need a lot of things .. so what is the easiest ?? any answers ?? 
struggling with the situation , but i got my head on , I know what I want and my feelings , just doing schooling and working .. even though it is hard . She knows I miss her 
Trying to grip what is making someone < PROPFEMALE > down and out , that she has to pull away from those who love her the most ??? 
Nothing I do seems to matter , Ive tried and tried to the point to now Ive got nothing left to give , my heart bleeds and my eyes sting with tears . Ive got nothing to where Iam nothing .. 
she's got over 1000 lies , and so many different disguises that noone knows who the real one is .. That the ones who love her are blindsided .. Just cant do it anymore .. once decided you know where to find me .... im not hiding 
how much more do i have to endure , how much more do I have to hurt ? How much more of the false guilt or sense of deservin do I have to take for her to feel big ? How long will it take for her to realize what she is doing ???? :( 
Love is selfless , it is unconditional no matter the flaws , imperfections .. it is strong and breathtaking .. That is my love 
Love is selfless , it is unconditional no matter the flaws , imperfections .. it is strong and breathtaking .. That is my love .. Love works through the small things and the big things , it lasts through out .. That is my love 
Time is < PROPFEMALE > I got that , Time carries love and I got sooo much of that .. So here goes the wait 
I know I got a loving up beat personality , and that Im smart beautiful and Ive got the power to make things happen ... so who is by my side on this ????? 
The lady reading this Is beautiful , classy and Strong , and I love her . Help her live her life to the fullest . Please promote her and cause her to excel above her expectations . Help her shine in the darkest places where it is impossible to love . Protect her at all times , lift her up when she needs you the most , And Let her know when she walks with you , She will always be safe . Love you 
Just take a look at me , I know that it is my love you see . Place your hand on my heart , you will know the pain Ive got . wrap those arms round me , hold me , console me let me know you love me . Can you see into my eyes the sadness and confusing im feeling behind them . Jus hold me , feel me , wipe away those tears that blind me ... 
trying not to think bout the person who stomped my heart into the mud and watched me fall apart .... broken 
Got nothing .. feels as though the life is being crushed outta me by vicegrips .... But Im hanging on ... 
Just makin some changes of my self ... ya will see once im done and got pics to post ... there is goin to be a new me :D 
Just dont give up im workin it out , dont give in though it seems i let you down .... got a job interview on wednesday sweet !!! 
My head is < PROPFEMALE > pounding .. not much seems to be helping .. UGHHH 
Im never goin to try to put eye liner on my self again ... lol But I can handle the masscara , and eye shadow .. lmao .. that just makes me feel and sound so damn girlie .. OIY 
< PROPFEMALE > sick of peoples shit , people no longer know how to talk , or stay out of peoples business ... Bout to BITCH slap some people ... I feel like a fuckin experiment !! 
was heading to a job interview and gettin on the free way , barely hit 40 mph and my car started shaking and made me swerve and just bout got hit by a truck .. freaked me out ..!! 
everything is like warefare , there seems to never be a peace or silenence not even in the heart of it all .. always so much chaos and pain .. dont have the time for games or b.s , not in my heart .. if you speak you speak from the heart .. 
i cant be the emotional punching bag anymore , sick of being made to feel as though it is my fault , like im the failure . Just cant do it anymore , Im all cried out .. the pain has got to go , it has stilled with in me for far tooo long .. I can no longer be the emotional punching bag !!! 
Does ne one see that Im a good person , That i got a big heart , or the fact that i have a lot of compassion inside ? Can ne one see who iam ? Or am i just a fool ? 
Travel deals in flights , cruises deal in ships , love is in the next destination that comes from the heart 
You have made me cry for the last time , im done being in this game of yours , i never knew you could be the scandalous type , but now u have shown me , and i believed in u .. 
Just chillaxin , some shit is just way beyond complex and i wonder why i bother ... 
It isn't the things you do , it's the things you leave undone , which gives you a bit of heart ache at the setting of the sun ! The tender words for gotten , the letter you did not write , those will be your haunting ghosts tonight !! 
HOW DO YOU PROVE TO THE ONE THAT YOU LOVE VERY MUCH THAT YOU ARE NOT LIKE ALL THE REST AND YOU ARE NOT GOING ANYWHERE BUT CLOSER TO HER 
you ever get that feelin to where ya just want to smack the sarcastic , smug look and attitude right out of them and off there face ?? 
The true story unfolds , as the light breaks the mold , her story is being told .. 
i tried , you didnt.so i decided to not deal with your games or drama and i gave up . 
How could you be < PROPFEMALE > heartless .. I lost my soul to a woman < PROPFEMALE > heartless !!!! 
Chic’s call me hard to please ... I call them lacking in effort . Chic’s say I am high maintenance , I say at least I keep things interesting . \ 
Chic’s call me ' pretty ' but then make me cry . I call them selfish , and erase them from mind . 
Its all or nothing , and it seems to always lead to nothing =( How obvious is that !! Just need to get away from here 
people say Im addictive , but i think it is just the talent i possess .. LOL 
Good < PROPFEMALE > , what a bitch of a request . one look at you i know what you are thinking , you have turned me inside out .. I cant take it anymore ... Good vibes , Now you know they are full of lies .. So let me kiss a girl !! I can give you more !! make this my request !! 
the way you make me feel , the way you make me feel .. you really turn me on , you knock me off my feet now baby .. the lonely days are gone .. the way you make me feel !! 
just goin to stand there and watch me burn , thats alright cus i like the way it hurts . just goin to stand there and hear me cry , thats alright i love the way you lie , love the way you lie !! 
Sometimes things/ people come along in life and you just have to take hold and make all your desires and feelings known , if you dont sometimes the best things get away and your screwed !! 
the spot light aint nothin wit out'cha girl , and this dance floor aint nothin wit out you girl .. you a show stopper .. lets get it poppin .. cus the spot light aint nothin wit out ya girl ... 
Enrolling into the < PROPMALE > Mountain College of < PROPMALE > and Design for BFA\ 
Im goin for graphics design .. :) 
If you had to chose one thing you love about me , what would it be ? Post this as your status & see how many people comment :-) ? 
Starts College in Sept at < PROPMALE > Mountain College of < PROPMALE > and Design :D Diggin It !!! 
< PROPMALE > Mountain College of < PROPMALE > and Design has accepted me I start class in Sept :D 
got a new interestin job , start school sept 2 and ill be making my way up the success line ... swwwweeeeet !!!!!!! 
Cant believe school is like not even 2 weeks away , Im kinda on the nervous side !! But cant wait to draw again ...... It is < PROPFEMALE > expressive when i draw 
Well just found out that I was denied for a private student < PROPFEMALE > for the college books and computer that is needed .. so now im royally screwed ! Dont know what to do now .. :( 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
Start first day of college tomorrow .. wonder how that is goin to go .. and my bday is 20 days away and counting ... LMAO 
Well did not start school today , has been postponed til < PROPFIRST > .. gawsh am i such a dam loser :( 
It is official that I start class in Jan .. now jus waitin to see what happens with Krys's interview on a management position :D 
ya i feel old and the only good thing is i dnt look my age ... lmao 
well i may have that job at blockbuster ... yay ... :) so that is good .. now just the school thing to deal with ... 
