Psalm 2:12 Kiss the Son , lest he be angry , and ye perish from the way , when his wrath is kindled but a little . Blessed are all they that put their trust in him . 

I am so confused right now ! 
I am really struggling 
Knows what he has to do but that doesn't make it any easier to do it . 
is happier than ever because he is with < PROPMALE > . 
Where there is no vision , the people perish : but he that keepeth the law , happy is he . Proverbs 29:18 
is cleaning toilets for the kingdom . 
loves Jesus , and < PROPMALE > . 
Was going to go to dinner with an old friend , but can't because I have to complete the MPN so that I can borrow money , but then the website decided to crash midway through the process so I will have to start again later from the beginning . I don't know maybe it is a sign . It is hot I am at the library , but hey he is still on the throne . 
wants a polar pop 
For Christ sent me not to baptize , but to preach the gospel : not with wisdom of words , lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect . For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness ; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God . 1 Corinthians 1:17 -18 
Let a man so account of us , as of the ministers of CHRIST , and stewards of the mysteries of God . Moreover it is required in stewards , that a man be found faithful . But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you , or of man's judgment : yea , I judge not mine own self . For I know nothing by myself ; yet am I not hereby justified : but he that judgeth me is the Lord . 1 Corinthians 4:1 -4 
Holy Fire burn away my < PROPFEMALE > for anything that is not of you ..... CONSUME ME ! 
I've got a river flowing inside of me . 
Oh the Blood that gives me strength . 
Joy unspeakable , Love desirable , Peace available its in you , in you Jesus . 
I call him \GOD \"!" 
It is all meanigless without you ... I was nothing before you , and I am nothing without you ...... GLORY to the LAMB ! 
YAHWEH , our covenant keeping God . 
Thinkin I am going to Campus Focus tonight . 
is humbling himself and righting some wrongs he has done . 
Don't hide yourself from your own flesh , rather confront it and beat it into submission . 
For we are not , as so many , peddling the word of God ; but as of sincerity , but as from God , we speak in the sight of God in Christ . 2 Corinthians 2:17 
Yahweh shall reign Forever ! 
was having a good day ... but praise God Jesus is still on the throne . 
is a liar , a cheater , a thief , and an adulterer saved by grace . 
< PROPFIRST > 7:1 Judge not , that ye be not judged ..... Well every carnal Christians favorite verse to quote when someone is giving them a word of correction . Doesn't anybody know that we as ministers of Christ are accountable for YOUR BLOOD if we don't speak the TRUTH . Well so be it YOUR BLOOD BE ON YOUR OWN HEAD ! 
How do you know anything is real ? 
Be on guard against Galatianism and Gnosticism ! 
Romans Road . 
Here are my bones Lord here is my fire . 
I'm inadequate to represent the Messiah . 
What a privilege and a honor to worship at you throne , to be called into your presence as your own . 
You are holy oh so holy . 
I've come to pour my praise on him like oil from < PROPFIRST>'s alabaster box . 
My man JT just preached the word , wow I am interested to see how the Lord will develop my brother . 
why ? 
is seriously considering changing the occupation he wants , really looking into apologetics . 
Walk it out . 
4:12 / 4:20 = Crack Theo/Walk it out 
God < PROPMALE > me a pure heart , a clear conscience , and a sincere faith to serve you . 
needs to make some time just to get away and be alone with Jesus . 
4:12 Culture 
Here is my heart , Here is my mind , Lord I give you my life .... it's all I have to give . 
Lord make me holy as you are holy I tired of my way . 
< PROPFIRST > 3:17 
Ecclesiastes 12:13 
< PROPFIRST > 10:12 
< PROPFIRST > 16:22 
Being Saved is not just going through the narrow gate but it is following the narrow path . 4:12 Culture 
Can't get Reasons by Earth Wind and Fire out of my mind . 
about to learn Greek ! 
Getting a new Bible 
Here is wisdom , the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy ! 
Lord help me to take the robe off . I WANNA SEE MORE YOU and less of me . 
If Christ has not been raised , then our preaching is in vain , your faith also is in vain . There is resurrection of the dead ; Christ has been raised ... Glory to God . 
thank you to all for the Birthday Wishes 
You can't tell the difference between a house built on the Rock and a house built on sand just by looking on the outside . They both look the same but trust me when a storm hits you will know the difference because great will the fall be of that house built on the sand . 
... 
Better Days 
Everyday I am re-writing Psalm 51 
Behold as the Lamb of God makes all things new . 
Man I keep fallin and He keeps getting me back up . 
What is pain actually ? 
That man is great , But my God is Greater . 
Story of my life ... I had to abort the mission ... Couldn't find a ride ! 
I know you'll never let me down 
Let's go people time for the real no more show ; what you see is what you get ... Hate it or Love it - 4:12 CULTURE 
We in a war so why when we win battles do we forget that there is still a war left to fight . Let's get it - 4:12 Culture 
I'm a dreamer with vision tryin to be a visionary so I can make these dreams a reality - 4:12 Culture 
Just saying the Best album i have heard in a long time has to be Iiro Rantala New Trio's album < PROPMALE > . Download it and listen you won't be disappointed ! 
Just wait till my Life's Doctrine is up ... Just wait . 
As a General in the MOVEment I have to be ready to give my life for my squad and my Lord ! 
trying to find something to do today got back last night from Camp and nothing to do 
New phone new number new man 
At church ! 
Showing pain is not the denial of Christ . 
NWD ReUnion Facebook < PROPFEMALE > send a Friend Request and be informed about the up coming rally . 
NWD ReUnion Facebook < PROPFEMALE > send a Friend Request and be informed about the up coming rally . Nwd ReUnion 
ATTENTION NWD OCT . 2ND IS THE FIRST REUNION YOUTH&YOUNG ADULT RALLY , GO TO THE Nwd ReUnion < PROPFEMALE > TO FIND MORE INFORMATION !!! 
NWD Youth AND Young Adult Rally ! When : Sat Oct 2nd , Where : Life Center New Brighton < PROPFEMALE > , Time : doors open AT 5 !!! Come < PROPFEMALE > out early and stay after to chill with pizza and good friends , Service will start at 6 *** PLEASE REPOST *** 
Might have to change my < PROPMALE > I wonder how many years that will add to my college excursion . 
I am a back woods pentecostal there is not other way to put it . 
I see you Lecrae ... I see you 
NWD Youth AND Young Adult Rally ! INVITE YOUR FRIENDS !!! When : Sat Oct 2nd , Where : Life Center New Brighton < PROPFEMALE > , Time : doors open AT 5 !!! Come < PROPFEMALE > out early and stay after to chill with pizza and good friends , Service will start at 6 !!!!!! 
I may look dirty but trust me I been cleaned on the inside . 
NWD Reunion was Ballin ... Glory to God ! 
Is sick and feels terrible but just rocked his Final in Networking ... Glory to God 
God is not impressed with what you give in his name but more with what you would lose for his name's sake . 
It's hard to make decisions when theory's clouded your vision . Sometimes I'm confused with who is my opposition , I think I heard cheers when I fumbled the ball ; they claim they on our team but they praying for our fall ! - Sho Baraka 
Jesus Christ redefines the Old Testament . < Kingdom THeo > 
I'm SINKING ! 
Belief is a beautiful armor\ 
\ 
But makes for the heaviest sword\ 
Like punching under water\ 
You never can hit who you're trying for\ 
~ John Mayer 
Gable in the Sky with Diamonds ! < PROPMALE > Gable < PROPFIRST > Talbert < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Jobes < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Schauer 
Accounting you are going to be the death of me I don't want you but I need you I love you and hate you at the very same time .... I guess it is bitter sweet .... 
The modern Church is not so much different from the Churches in history before us we still conduct inquistions of our own and we still advocate witch hunts in which we are prepared to destroy orginazations and people who cross or oppose us . ~ O'Bryan Stull 
I just rocked the Routing Final's World ! 
I have began to realize that I am not a fundamentalist . 
People are the end not just a means to the end . 
I am in despair . 
Not to sound like a geek or nerd or fanboy but a new Elder Scrolls is coming , it is going to be awesome . 
Straight A's baby ! 
Me and my boy < PROPFIRST > Freil tackling switches next semester ... my dude ! 
Christianity makes no sense it is a Paradox . 
Ethics VS . Religion .... They are different and sometimes oppose one another ! You must choose rather to be Ethical or Religious . 
\God is Dead \"" 
Until the end of time\ 
I'll be there 4 U\ 
U own my heart and mind\ 
I truly adore U\ 
If God one day struck me blind\ 
Your Beauty I'll still see\ 
Love is 2 weak 2 define\ 
Just what U mean 2 me ~ Prince ( Adore ) 
No Woman / No Cry 
Won't you help to sing\ 
This songs of freedom\ 
Cause all I ever have\ 
Redemption songs 
All I can say is it feels good to be a gangsta ! 
Service in like 3 hours and still haven't been to sleep yet ! 
I am a maniac ! 
Nightmare =D reaming Reality ! 
Insomnia once again .... 
Well , it's like that\ 
Beat me up and I fight right back\ 
Poof , poof , be gone\ 
I see the devil linger on\ 
Yeah , stuck in my hell\ 
Lie to my mom and I ain't doin ' so well\ 
Lord , let me in\ 
I feel like he's my only friend 
97 on the CCNA 3 skills 
I am Happy .... Now that's just the Saddest Lie . 
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why ?... I got out of bed at all .... 
R.I.P. Satoshi Tajiri 
Battle not with monsters , lest ye become a monster , and if you gaze into the abyss , the abyss gazes also into you . 
We will not lose because we are not losers , we are lasers ! Lasers are revolutionary . Lasers are the future . 
R . I . P Nate Dogg 
Here is what I call WINNING ... Got enrolled into all my classes with no errors . 
Success is just my Character .... WINNING ! 
My body is a cage that keeps me from dancing with the one I love ... but my mind holds the key . 
I am officially going to have to retake Server Hardware Support because of a webquest project . 
90 on the CCNA < PROPFEMALE > Technologies final ! 
Alright correction teacher made a mistake I actually got a 98 on the final . 
Kind of worried about the Skills final Frame relay doesn't work right in stupid packet tracer . 
Stranded at Akron U 
cleaning up my friends list if you are a friend and got deleted sorry ! It's just deleting friends is a very exhilarating experience and very easy for one to get on a roll 
Yo still up cause I am a General in the army of Insomniacs . 
Here's to hoping if the world does end that it will be a zombie Apocalypse and that my team of zombie hunters hopefully would not suck . 
Man you think you know someone and then they call you one night and turn out to be the biggest fundamentalist ever ... smh ... what do you do O'Bryan you hate Fundamentalist more than anything . 
I would say in this post modern society we live in it's so hard to find the right words to convey your heart or emotions . Everyone is conditioned based on their life and experiences to have different meanings for words you say and when they are looking at your words through the lenses of their life how can they ever truly understand you ? 
White-collar conservatives flashing down the street\ 
Pointing their plastic finger at me . \ 
They're hoping soon my kind will drop and die , \ 
But I'm gonna wave my freak flag high . 
May all beings living to the East , \ 
all beings of the universe be free ! \ 
Free from fear\ 
Free from all distress\ 
Free from poverty\ 
May they have peace in their hearts\ 
Hear our cause , hear our cause\ 
Reconciliation now ! 
I have been thinking a lot lately , how closed minded and focus we are on ourselves and what we are doing . I mean even when people do mission trips its all about them . I gotta find away to break the cycle of only considering my problems only and no body else . 
Going to see Captain < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm useless but not for long the future is coming on . 
Gotta Get me a fresh haircut for my man < PROPMALE > Shaylor Wedding on Saturday . I am excited .... 
Thank you Barberton Community foundation for the scholarship ... a brother really needed that money ! 
Woman : you have sad eyes . \ 
Me : these eyes are always fighting back tears . 
Ubuntu : \I am what I am because of who we all are . \"" 
A couple of the wires in my heart are broke . 
I have the most beautiful wonderful girlfriend who always treats me right and knows how to cheer me up 
The pressures on but guess who ain't going crack ....... haha part of me had to laugh at that . 
What I am saying is that there are known knowns and known unknowns , but there is also unknown unknowns .... things we don't know that we don't know . 
Life is life and dreams are dreams but I am floating somewhere in between . 
don't know why but I been on a Kid Cudi pursuit of happiness kind of mood . 
What country you from ? \What\ " .... what ain't no country I've ever heard of they speak english in what ? " 
At night I can't sleep , I toss and turn , candlesticks in the dark visions of bodies being burned . 
