is once again bound for a beach house in St. < PROPFIRST > ... 

keeps on thinking he's hearing train whistles ... 
Don't be a tranny apprentice in south africa while swallowing sleeping pills in the lighthouse . 
is mentally exhausted . 
Got home to discover that one of my accounts has been overdrawn for a week and that all the cups of coffee I've bought in that time were essentially $37 each . ... $800+ dollars down the drain . ... if my apt gave me my mail more than twice a month I would 
Had one of those \Drag Me To Hell\ " moments at the bank ... except I couldn't put a Gypsy curse on the lady ... " 
It's been 3 days ... everyone can stop cruising the block cranking out classic < PROPFIRST > Cronkite broadcasts already ... 
is hopefully pulling his last FSU all-nighter ... 
is homeless . 
would really like to be done with his movie . 
congrats to the newly minted 2nd years 
is doing his production book :( 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ng farewell festivities at Gill's ( right side of < PROPMALE > just north of the mall ) tonight 1030 ... and karaokee :) 
People really need to stop leaving Tallahassee one by one ... it's turning me into a broke sad alcoholic . 
needs French subtitles and doesn't know where to get them . 
The dream of leaving Tallahassee keeps me going . 
though intentionally over the top , Basterds is best I've seen this year ... and I kinda didn't want to like it . maybe i'll throw up a review later 
took the skinheads bowling . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
is Milwaukee bound . 
[ cont'd ] ... the chicken in our patties and the oil in our cars . No , they will come home and continue to regurgitate the same stale corroded values that you have been taught to believe are the best and even the only imaginable way . Don't worry , they will still cling tightly to the status quo that exists to preserve the world for a small wealthy elite . Fear not - they will not escape their grasps today . 
Obama has now given his speech to our children . But you do not need to be afraid . They will not come home today brainwashed to believe that all people are connected and equal and deserve to have a governing structure that acknowledges that fact and treats people here and around the world as more than a resource to be used cheaply and discarded for the benefit of transnational corporations much like ... 
is off the tobacco . Thanks whooping cough ! 
¡no ? ? ldo ? d ln ??? n ?? q no ? s ?? s ?? ?? p ???? q ??? ll ? ? o ? s ? u ??? 
is birthday sushi . 
Well that was bad news ... RIP < PROPFIRST > Finlay . Definitely one of Tally's most kind hearted and interesting people ... 
is on his way to a 35mm 2-screen showing of < PROPFEMALE > Girls ! Jealous much , hmm ? 
is @ Look Mexico 
Hmm . Just saw the absolute hands down worst movie in the festival circuit and the best movie in the festival curcuit back to back on the same day ... 
is Packers vs . Vikings . 
is crossing the last few items off his to do list . 
already got hit up for money by the film school . Bold move < PROPFIRST > , bold move . :) 
Obama , I'm really happy for you and I'm gonna let you finish , but Hu Jia is one of the best defenders of peace and freedom of all time ! Of all time !! 
keeps getting reasons to make something worthwhile ... and is hoping he can . 
Finally beat Suntrust !!! $ 1,000 dollars in overdraft fees refunded ! hahahaha 
is heading out to utilize the PUBLIC OPTION of the book world , otherwise known as that socialistic paradise called The Library ... 
I find that social networking sites make it just that much harder to be blissfully ignorant of the retarded things that pass for news nowadays . 
has a double re-cracker . 
is apparently the only person who dislikes the idea of a dislike button ... 
had a pretty damn good week of writing ! One more week like this , and I'll be ready to start ;) 
Despite what my profile pic might suggest , I haven't smoked since I left Tallahassee . w00t . 
140.7 million - proof it is the best film of all time . 
Finally watched Che ... wasn't as rough of a 5 hrs as I expected . Very non-sensationalistic ( some might say slow ) but I actually quite liked it ... 
is preparing for disappointment 
It's snowing ! ... Jealous much ? ( well you SHOULD BE ) 
Solid Nobel speech . He may be only 1 year through his term ... we may still be at war , but he has shown more thoughtful consideration regarding those wars in that time than the Bush administration showed in 7 years . 
Somehow I've managed to make it this far w/o knowing < PROPFIRST > shit about The Runaway Bride , Octomom , < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Brown , or any of the rest of the crap that news stations seem to like to spend more time on than , you know , news . Now I just gotta make it through Tiger Woods . If I flip the channel quick enough I can continue limiting my knowledge to : he had a car crash & now every1's interviewing white women about him . 
kinda let down by An Education ... 
This streaming Netflix thing will wind up being the death of me ... 
The din of the < PROPFIRST > world and the locked-in-ness of human habitations are what human nature habitually abhors ; while , on the contrary , haze , mist , and the daunting human spirits of the mountains are what human nature seeks , and yet can rarely find ... 
Anyone in LA who might have a walk-in closet they'd wanna rent ? ;) 
Current events manage to remind me why I put in my D1 ( first short film ) the line , \Crazier than < PROPFIRST > Robertson on a crack binge \"" 
Today an old woman at the coffee shop saw me on my netbook and asked me ultra-beginner computer questions and about whether she should buy a netbook for a good 45 minutes , after which she thanked me by giving me a #2 pencil with a bow on it . .... Fuck yeah . 
Booking tickets to LA for the sole purpose of helping < PROPFEMALE > celebrate Meat Week . 
Crazy Heart ... kinda like The Wrestler , `cept < PROPMALE > Bridges doesn't jump off a turnbuckle at the end ... 
Outside the window where I write I used to see the same guy with saggy jeans every week . I have not seen him since the debut of \Pants on the Ground \"" 
RIP to the great < PROPMALE > Zinn ... ya can't stay neutral on a moving train 
Obama did an amazing job engaging the house republicans . I only wish I didn't find his efforts to realize a bipartisan system fruitless . It's just the nature of the beast we've created - when you ask everyone to have an honorable fight , the guy who DOESN'T lay down his gun is going to be the guy who wins . 
doppleganger week was last week 
is packing for LA . 
This Kidnappers for Christ lady in Haiti kinda freaks me out ... 
haven't slept . on my way to the airport . 
First full day in LA , first LA brownout . 
Well , Canada sure ain't winning no medals for that ceremony ... 
is @ UCB 
is MKE 
wants to thank everyone at In A Place Productions for the very generous < PROPMALE > and all their efforts to reach out a hand to emerging filmmakers . I plan to be back in LA and visiting them soon :) 
The Mall is like a damn senior citizen gymnasium in the morning apparently ... 
Kinda want Avatar to win , just to watch all the h8rz whine ;) 
is , after a couple weeks of ramming his head into a wall , finally having a halfway decent day of writing ... 
Burn the streets , burn the cars , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > power , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > power 
Other than it's unfortunate lack of caffeinated beverages , the library pretty much kicks the coffee shop's ass in every way . 
is pretty excited to now be able to say he can speak Chinese about as good as a 2 year old Chinese child . Take that , you stupid baby ! 
What's this world coming to when a guy can't even decline his own mother's facebook friends request anymore ? 
Sometimes I feel like I'm the only person in the world who thinks Hot Tub Time Machine is going to be fucking AMAZING 
Happy conver t-t he-Irish-to-Christianity day ! ( I suggest celebrating by drinking alcohol to the point of blindness . It's what saint < PROPFIRST > would have wanted . ) 
Wanting to extend health care to those without it ( like me ) is about as pro-life as you can get . 
What a monumental moment in human history . Whether you are for or against it at this moment , I think one day we will all tell our grandkids where we were when hot tub time machine prepared to hit theatres ... 
< PROPMALE > props to Google.cn for standing up to censorship . 
May I suggest that all you crazy hateful assholes take another look at the wonders of * Secession* ? 
is a passenger on a pellet out a shotgun aimed at you . 
Hmm ... is anyone I know in Tampa ? ... who can accept an award for me ? lol . 
Netflix cues never shrink , do they ? 
is writing a sermon . 
So apparently not only does google maps have the awesome street view feature , but now you can view it in 3D ? ... poor Mapquest just keeps getting pwned . 
Can't get that 2nd half of < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > out of my head ... And to think there's two additional hours in the TV version ... insane . 
Every time I try to go see The Room everyone talks through it and ruin the whole movie :( 
\We only have to look at ourselves to see how intelligent life might develop into something we wouldn’t want to meet\ " -- < PROPFIRST > Hawking " 
just cut his own hair for the first time . hah . 
Solid Obama graduation speech going on in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor right now ... unsurprisingly not on Fox ... 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Frazetta - the baddest ass comic book artist of all time . 
is LA bound . 2600 < PROPMALE > to go . 
is in < PROPFIRST > w/ Syl and Kellen ! and is 8 kinds of tired 
Has spent an awesome couple days with < PROPFEMALE > and Twibell and Sylwia and < PROPMALE > and Kellen and Piccolo from Dragonball Z ... and now the long last leg awaits . 
Touchdown . < PROPMALE>'s in LA . Bring on act II . 
may be the first person ever to fail at finding a wok in chinatown ... 
Congratulations Sylwia !!!! 
Cryptic moody status update . 
the bad news : breaks went kablooey just as i was about to get on the 10 and now I'm way out in Monterey Park . The good news : I finally got that damn wok . 
First time being completely oblivious to the fact that there's an earthquake ! Now I'm offish . 
is just juiced to be in the presence of c-stands again 
kinda feels like he got the shit kicked out of him by some sorta sadistic < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > last night ... 
Kinda want a vuvuzela ... ain't gonna lie . 
Gnight kids . Happy Juneteenth 
The good news : found out I won 2nd place at the Ybor Film Festival in Tampa . The better news : I found out by receiving a healthy check in the mail ! huzzah 
I have written two customer complaint letters in my lifetime . One was to tell Universal Studios to give The Jerk a proper DVD release . ( Shortly therafter , the 31st anniversary edition came out . ) The second was to tell Starbucks how stupid it was not to offer free internet . That starts tomorrow . You're welcome . 
Well , guess that's finally the end of < PROPMALE > Gibson . And there ends my hopes for Lethal Weapon 5 . 
Big empty 3 BR apt . Boo . 
Ahh , the one time of the year when I know the noises outside probably aren't gunshots . ... probably . 
Just a couple hours till the most hilarious duo of roomatedom ever begins ! 
I think I found out I'm just not much of a < PROPMALE > fan . 
Big day for love . Bad day for h8 . 
If anyone out there in L.A. Facebook land has a lead on a job , or just happens to drive by a < PROPFIRST > In The Box with a help wanted sign - you let me know . 
Favre back in Minnesota ... wow . 
is registered with central casting . Mhm . 
Please let your iphones know that I don't necessarily care where you are at every moment of the day . :) 
Bojan , Sylwia and I are all gonna be nerdy MIT physics grad students tomorrow on The Big Bang Theory . w00t 
Never thought I'd be so happy to post as my status : On my way to work . 
Well , ONE of the three movies I've submitted , got into the Jacksonville Film Festival ... Just wish I knew which one ... 
Why are so many hipsters posting on my wall today ?? ;D Love you guyyyys 
Feelin ' so fly like a cheese sticks . 
So I saw this movie this weekend that was just a bunch of people talking and sitting on the computer making a website , and there were no especially meaningful stakes and the main character was pretty unlikable and mostly sat around and made snarky comments while arguing in dorm rooms and offices about who deserved the credit -- and it worked . And it's the most popular movie out now . Go figure . 
An apple a day has NOT been keeping the doctor away . The only thing keeping the doctor away at this point is a lack of medical insurance or a single-payer national health insurance system . Boo . 
Congratulations to my good < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Varney for reeling in the award for BEST EDITING at the First Glance Film Festival on my film , Squatter . And props to everyone involved who got it there in the first place . 
Any of my LA friends got any spare anti-biotics laying around ? Barring that , any painkillers , vikes , perks , oxi's , morphine , heroin ? 
is the biggest cop-out costume ever . 
thinks he's about to meet the underside of a bus . 
LA PEEPS : I will be sans-apartment by xmas , so if any of you good people plan to be moving between now and say ... Feb . or so , and you need a laidback zero-drama roomie , do let me know ... or the next time I see you will be at a traffic light as I wash your windshield against your will 
