is over the flippin < PROPFEMALE > for our < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > !!!! CONGRATULATIONS ! Best New Years news ever ! 

Has an awfully good feeling about 2010 ( and today's date is a palindrome if you do it the US way - 01022010 - ohhhhh , geeky heaven ! ) 
Misses her New Haven friendies . < PROPFIRST > , can't you just appear sometime ? Like a < PROPFEMALE > ? Everytime I say ' creativity ' ... or ' disco dancing ' ...? 
is sure she misses Hani more ! 
finally found a new home - with help from a certain superhero ! Thaaaaaaanks ! 
is a little home-maker 
< PROPMALE > Odom and me , < PROPMALE > Odom and me , < PROPMALE > Odom and me , up a tree k.i.s.s.i.n.g ! 
loves the precuneus today 
thinks Reeses Pieces and coffee for breakfast is tooooootally fine 
has 11 days to finish it 
can't wait to see her sis ! oh yeah and < PROPMALE > too :) 
has to go to the ER . In the UK this would be free , people , freeeeeeeeeee . Aaow 
nothin but a heart ache 
is done with food forever 
WELL DONE ROAN ! 
achieved a goal today ! And had forgotten what that felt like 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
thinks Jaki should jump on a plane next ! Come on , Magic Mountain will be wondering why I havn't been there this week ... 
Submitted ! 
Submitted and wants to hug the world ! Beware , people of the world ! 
is going to stop stealing internet . Q for you LAers : who's a decent , cheap internet provider out here ? Please help :) 
spending too much time with crazy people in LA public library 
hurts and has scratches and bruises from climbing ... but it was so worth it ! 
is happy happy happy happy happy happy happy 
has started the month she turns 30 .... ahhhhhhhhh 
unleashed the modernist abstractionist inside her - and didn't get a drop of paint on the carpet ! 
is losing the battle with mind-wandering today 
IPhone users ! What is the most common thing you/people do with your iphone that isn't calling people , listening to music , or using it as a USB/memory stick ? Please tell ! It's for an example in a talk :) 
Go Lakers ! 
had a BRILLIANT birthday and thanks everyone for all their wishes - you're all awesome ! And I'm 30 ... yikes ! 
already thinks it's been too long since the last creativity workshop . Bring on Friday ! 
CNS 2010 woop woop ! 
found out some fraudster cleaned her bank account out ... + a work out + an In n Out = All's well again 
Designing , designing , designing 
in a synesthete state of mind 
has a Christmas tree , woop woop 
Anyone know someone to ask for a visual latent inhibition task ?? 
It's a creativity day ! 
wonders if all the positive people in the world balance all the negative people in the world , or if one is currently outweighing the other 
LA then London then Amsterdam then Berlin then Belfast then HOOOOOOMMMMEEEEEE . I can't wait I can't wait I can't wait I can't wait I can't wait I can't wait 
Any old Goodenoughers going to be around Goodenough Dec 9th-12th ? 
i am sterdam 
the evil gluten got me 
snowed in at luton airport for 48 hours and making lots of new friends ! 
home home home home home home home 
did a < PROPFEMALE > with jet-lag , cycled round the snowy canals of Amsterdam , ran around the Christmas markets of Berlin in -15c , spent 2 nights snowed in at an airport in London , had a snowy , icy Christmas in Ireland , and then when she comes back to < PROPFEMALE > LA she ... gets a cold ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has AUTISM . A wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this , but will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
All the palm trees in LA look like they're having bad hair days in the wind ! 
cycled her first 5.6 < PROPMALE > surrounded by sun and palm trees - wahoo for living in southern california ! 
is so confused about a stats issue ! Brain hurts ! 
is Vegas-bound ! 
Vegas , running around ! 
needs to leave Vegas 
needs to get stuff done 
thanks < PROPFEMALE > for her wisdom ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments , in your status update .. 
Doppelganger ? 
will be doing a little Michigan fMRI-ing this summer 
cider to gin to vodka . oh why , God , whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
totally missed Pancake Tuesday 
Pancake Tuesday = an annual event in Ireland , UK , Oz , New Zealand and Canada when everyone eats pancakes ! It came from old religious traditions of using up all your indulgent ingredients ( butter , sugar , eggs ) before fasting in Lent . Now I think everyone eats pancakes regardless ! It's a day < PROPFEMALE > should adopt ! 
feels bad for Canadian hockey . Yikes 
feels like SPM has developed consciousness and is messing with her head 
Long live the weekend ! 
GO Canada ! Go USA ! Oh I'm so conflicted . 
Go creativity ! 
hearts Bird and the < PROPFEMALE > now she's seen them liiiiiiiiiiive 
turns American three today ! It's my American birthday ! 
has a case of the sunday blues 
earthquake ! 
is about to get the prize for Best Neighbor Ever ! 
is too tired for Monday morning 
has a new four legged friend 
going to Montreal in 36 hours wahooooooooo tres bien tres bien ! 
Which Braincampers and Yalies are going to Montreal ??? Chaddles-check . Ish and co - check . MJ and < PROPFIRST > - check . < PROPFEMALE > - check . Who elseeeeeeeeeeeeee ? 
is Montreal bound . Then NYC on Wed . Wahoooooooo 
rediscovered the fun of explaining neuroscience to peop < PROPFEMALE > who have never heard of it ! And don't speak English . Tres bon mon amis , c'est < PROPFEMALE > monde fantastique du cerveau !!! 
' s phone won't let her hear voicemail in Canada , or know who's called . Sorry to whoever's been leaving messages - text instead ! 
is all done with her presentation - hurah is off to discover why Montreal is called the city of sin with Braincampers - double hurrah 
seeing double seeing double seeing double seeing double seeing double seeing double seeing double seeing double 
seeing science again 
has returned to New Haven !! Hosted by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and his mansion 
NYC NYC NYC 
How nice is it when you go to your favourite street food stand in your old city and they remember your name and what your order is - when you haven't been there in 2 years !!! She did ask me if my family back in Iceland had survived the volcano though ... :) 
is skippin and a dancin from catching up with such super duper fantastic old mates and labbies AND staying in an idyllic Christmas tree farm in the Connecticut countryside AND getting a ton of progress made with writing . Woop woop . And we've not even had Game Night yet ! 
hearts New Haven and doesn't want to leave- It was soooooooooooooooooo brilliant to see everyone and I feel spoiled rotten from all your wonderfulness ! xoxoxoxo 
is back in NYC and still hasn't caught up with everyone here - forgive me forgive me time's going too fast ! 
Back in California and had In n Out Burger already . Yum . Missing you guys in NYC and New Haven already :( 
' s big brother is watching her ... Yay , < PROPMALE>'s in town ! 
The first sunday farmer's market of being back in LA yipeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
Happy American Mother's Day to all you mums out there ! 
Feels the love from < PROPFEMALE > . Who Rocks . The Mostest ! Thanks for the awesome presents - tooootal pick me up and blast from the biccy-past !! :) :) :) Yayyy 
Last night , at a play in LA , a man comes up and points at the empty seat beside me . \Anyone else with you ? \ " he asks . \ " No\ " says I 
wants hugs 
loves her huggers 
