Adventure time ! Time to Get lost in Japan for starters on a New Decade . Photos are soon to come 

I had the most delicious Japanese dinner , though I over ordered a but . I got lost in Japan and got super frustrated . It was a good day . 
Finally beat Metal gear solid 2 but at the expense of my weekend 
got some sleep last night , and now I think that monster energy drinks are made of energizer bunnies 
It's been a long week , hope to just sleep ... ZZZ 
It's still too hot here in the south !! Wish someone would do something about . Guess I can't whine if I don't do it myself . I'll take over the world and then make this place colder . Or just move . Anyway , weekend was way too short 
If I had a cool beard I think that I would be eligible to be a renegade cop with nothing to lose 
It's so hot today that we got out of training . An unprecedented 120 degrees . So i've been just chilling 
I want to know what everyone is doing right now ! Tell Me !! 
man , tropical storms are fun . Everything goes woooosh !! 
the longest most boring weekend just happened at my place . 
Man , 100 push ups really can a man down a notch . I'm ready for bed . 
I got a alot on my mind . This week has been especially stressful when it comes to getting back home . I have 7 more weeks here in Mississippi , and then I'm off to home . 
burnt my mouth on french bread pizza 
I passed another test after an all nighter . I'm beat . Phew . Calling it a night 
Has been playing BlazBule all weekend long . I need to get out . 
Getting ready for < PROPMALE > !! 
Had an awesome time in Florida this weekend . No time to share photos , will do that tomorrow . 
More tired than I should be . Must be the constant < PROPFEMALE > weather . Well , I'm a wreck and I'm hoping to just make it through to the end of the week . Then after I conquer that I'll have to just finish the rest of this month to get back home . Turning in , night world . 
I slept at work when I wasn't supposed to . Haha . I don't even feel bad . Haha again ! Going to be really busy getting doing all the paperwork to get back home in two weeks . Can't wait , I'll crash everyday . 
Tired out of my mind , and a bit savage because of it . Fell asleep seven times during the day and that has never happened before . I got a stupid roommate who kept me up all night with stupid questions . I need to go to bed . 
Crazy tired . This entire week seems like an exausting dream . I'm glad it'll be over by tomorrow 
Haven't told anybody , but for the last few weeks I have been in Maine hanging with everybody . I only have two weeks left ! 
I'm here at Gulfport Mississippi . Next stop Japan all the way !! 
The thunderbirds came to town and so did 200,000 japanese locals . Screw the thunderbirds , I got to eat japanese food ...... on a stick !! FYI Wasabi does go through your nose if you eat it too fast . And it burns like hell . 
It's Halloween here in Misawa right now . Not going to join in the festivities , never since I was 12 but I am going to scope out how they do things here in the East . Peace 
Kinda screwed up on this Italian stuff I bought . I swear to god I was just curious . Well , the cat knows better but oh well . Just lost a game of poker . It sucks . 
Studying during the night shift , Yeah ! 
I have to go to the dentist today and I'm not looking forward to it at all . 
Can't go to sleep , can't go to sleep , can't go to sleep , can't go to sleep . 
Getting my molar drilled hurts so friggin much !! 
Got to drive for the first time in Japan and in three months 
I hate the post office . A bunch of scrooges . 
Cleaning up alot of internet messages . 
Over slept by five hours or so 
My life finally seems to be coming together . I got a car today , and mind just exploded into brain jelly . 
It's new years everyone . Time to do things all over again . 
Just chilling for today . 
Doing some homework . 
Watching a horror movie and tweaking out . 
Feeling groggy like a pirate in the morning . I hate waking up , but then I hate over sleeping . It's a big problem . 
I am finding that winning the daily bread just involves me sitting on my ass . Easy , no ? 
Just the Men Who stare at goats and it was hilarious . \Put down the gun ! \ " \ " Man I'm hungry\ " lol " 
I had something to say but I guess I'll say it some other time . 
We just got hit with a monsoon snow storm and I'm dead tired of shoveling . 
I have never shoveled so much snow in my life . I'm hurting all over and just want to go to bed . 
I just watched an hour of pro wrestling and I think that a part of me has just died . It is the most frustratingly stupid thing i've ever seen and I will never get that hour back again . 
Working hard 
The apples they grow here are absolutely the best I've had . 
Acting is so hard if no one plays along . 
I can't drive american vehicles anymore !! 
Got into a slight accident today . Nothing < PROPMALE > but everyone else seems to be blowing their tops off . Worst nightmare so far to date . 
I hope everyone had a good valentines day . Let the love shine on through everybody ! Peace and love . 
Nothing beats the fair weather of spring breaking in to the year . Ahhh ..... feels great . 
Freak snow storm just bombed the base yesterday . Got the day off whooo ! 
Went to go see an illusionist and won a free pizza . Chalk today up as a win everybody ! 
i have decided to finally get serious when it comes down to facebook . Been a way for a while but now I am here to stay . 
By the power of GRAY SKULL !! 
Right now I'm listening to some epic instrumentals as I watch it become another good day . 
it's been a good day , what else do you people want from me ? 
66 degrees outside and the < PROPFEMALE > blossoms loo beautiul . Shame I missed the festival today . Couldn't figure out how to get there . Next weekend I am definitely raiding Hirosaki castle for all its worth mwahaha 
Contemplating plans on returning to motherland .......... hmmmmmmm 
Zegads !! The sun is up . Quickly there is no time lose ! 
I really hope that today turns out alot better than yesterday 
Thinking about being at peace with the world 
is super lazy today . You heard it from the horses mouth everyone 
Is working hard for my PT test . Lots of pushups , lots of pushups . 
Alrighty then 
Today was a piece of cake . mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm .... cake 
Fixed my car today , and I have a new found hate for mechanics 
In home country internets browses you 
In the wreckage of everything around I am simply left .... iritated 
The sun is shining , the birds are in the air , and the ninjas are relaxing in the shade . It's a good day . Going to get my car back from the shop . 
Um .. so yeah 
You know my alarm clock never works . So why do I keep setting it ? 
When I grow up I want to be built like brick shit house . 
Finally ! I finally got some Grade A quality sleep for once . I feel great . 
Loves Funk music 
It's raining again . Looks like I am going to stay inside do somethings productive like read a book . 
Woke up feeling like I just lost a fight against a gorrilla made of used car parts . So much pain ! 
Trying today out with a little bit gusto . 
I wish I had a bowl of Frosted Flakes cuz I want to start this day feeling GRRRRRREAT !! 
I effing hate zombies ! They always wake me up when I am trying to sleep . There is nothing more I hate than ficken zombies . 
Sometimes I wish I could turn off the gears in my head . 
I wonder what is going to make my day today . Any suggestions ? 
Honestly I can't keep myself awake right now . Have tried energy drinks and every thing else and I am still drowsy . 30 minutes until the end of the work day and then I can forage for food and then hibernate . Bears move over . I'm fricken tired . 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA . I laught at you 
After work today I'm going to see the new Shrek Movie . Watched them all last weekend and now I am compelled to buy them all . < PROPFIRST > Myers always makes me laugh . No not the cereal killer . 
What a weekend . Saw two new movies . < PROPMALE > of Persia and Shrek Forever After . Magnifico for both of them . Just glad that a movie that is based off of a video game didn't suck . It's a downward spiral for that genre . 
Matsushima was a blast . Saw some thing I never saw before . Bought somethings that I never bought before . And ate somethings I never ate before . Like cow tongue and Oysters . Yuck ! Yup it was good .... Well >_> except for crying babies .... FOR THREE HOURS ! All the way back . 
Fuck the world 
:-( 
wants to be stress free 
servers down , can't do any work until then . Now I am idle . 
To tired to write this message . So how did I do it ? 
Happy Fathers day to all dads , pops , and padres out there . 
It's way too hot to be heaven . So this must be the other place . 
Thinks that life would be so much simpler if I was a single celled organism . TOO SIMPLE 
Is studying my japanese pretty intently . 
Pacific Rim earthquakes make very very good alarm clocks 
I am feeling pretty depressed knowing that I didn't get to go to portcon this past weekend . Trying not to beat myself up over this . But I wanted to go so much . And am so full envy for those that did . I shouldn't complain , I think just go tokyo next weekend or something . 
Looking at the BP spill and how that it is hurrican season . I am really glad to be out of Mississippi forever ! n_n 
Are we Human , or are we Dancer ? ;( 
Hates not being in the same time zone as everyone that knows him . But deals with it anyways . 
I feel like the world is laughing vehemently at me behind my back 
Guess what ? I'm not angry like a bull that just got disrespected . 
Going to nights starting today and helo < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Have to wakeup tomorrow and see if I can fight to make it out of bed , and then work out . It's going to be tought . The waking up part I mean . 
It's been forever since I have been on Facebok . Screw it night shifts has made me really busy as of late , but it's good to be back . 
Good god . The heat wave is finally over and now I can eat Ice cream without it melting instaneously from the humidity . Went to the Hachinohe beach this weekend and got devastated by the waves that hate small people . I'm still digging out sand out of my ears . 
I am waiting to spontaneously combust any day now . I swear it's going to happen soon . 
Today is fail . I wanted to go to the beach today but I am sick with the flu and it is raining outside right now . 
Hit em right in the eyes . 
Ok , so today is my birthday . That's great . I'm old , and able to drink wherever I want . 
I should be sleeping right about now .... but I wanted to say that surfing out here is the absolute best . 
Sorry but for the next few days I will be without skype for awhile . 
Natural instinct tells me I need to hibernate longer today , but duty and responsibility tells me I should get up and let the day give me a licking 
Hey look I got my skype up and running again . Woot woot 
Has anyone ever shown up to work not knowing that they had a free day off that day and wasn't supposed to show up ? Yeah ...... that happened today . 
< PROPMALE > ' IZ ' Kamakawiwo'ole's music is just too damn relaxing . It's scary 
I can't feel my legs . 
I got a B on my card so I passed the test . I eat the red crayons cuz they're the best 
Other than some things exploding today is the perfect day ......... to hit the waves !! =D 
Just got done playing the < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Vs . the World or SPVW the game ! Now I am really pumped to go watch the movie and I don't mean that crappy bootleg stuff . 64 HIT COMBOS ALL AROUND !!! 
wants to party ! 
weird night 
is at a zero today 
loves sleeping especially when I've only had 3 hours of it in the last 2 days and hates to do anything to ruin that . So I am just going to sleep now . 
is lying about this comment 
I just saw the studio Ghibli movie . It's called um .... something Ariette . For those who know who Hayao Miyazaki is , just to let you know it is awesome ! 
Eating some lasagna , fixing my guitar and watching an episode of Katanagatari . Don't ask . 
I'll be < PROPFIRST > , I'm not feeling too good . 
What's that ? Yeah I hate it too when other people volunteer you for stupid stuff on your weekends and then tell you at the last minute . I just got done baking 26 cakes with my friend < PROPFIRST > , and now I don't know what to do with them . Anyways , I have to turn in really early cuz I am going to be a security forces guy . Yeah ....... 
okay , so this entire weekend was crap in terms of events . To start off , I have a bunch of cakes that I made and have absolutely no idea what to do with them . I just spent 14 hours working security forces on 2 hours of sleep and 3 cans of coffee . It wasn't that bad though . < PROPMALE > out with JASDEF members Suzuki Yousuke and Sakagami Keisuke senpais . They were cool . \ 
Uhhhg turning in for the night . :( 
Oh crap , Work ! 
Is reading the < PROPFIRST > pilgrim books and is definitely relating to his personality . 
Looks like one of us is going to have to die . >:-( 
I'm getting free Microsft Points at http://microsoft-points.com/71694 
Is the fighting game champ ! 
The mere act of waking up this morning is making me regret going to bed at all . I need more caffeine ! 
JETS !!! DX I hate Jets . They're everywhere and I can't get any sleep . 
Has a murderous cold/ possibly flu . not quite there yet :( 
Just got done IMing with the most Amazing person in the world , from apparently the most amazing state in the US . I take their word for it . 
When you god gives you pine cones you say screw it and have a pine cone fight . 
can do a 64 hit combo . 
is feeling great after this weekend . You know that parties and trips around Japan can do that to a guy . 
Vini vini vichi . Poof I am gone . 
I am in a pretty bad mood as of right now . 
I have been infulenced by movies to jump out a window to make a daring escape . Why ? Cuz it's cool , that's why !! 
So Onsens or public baths are a triple threat . They a culture-ly enlightening , very awkward , and really really relaxing . I almost fell asleep in one of the heated pools . Then later that day I went to see the < PROPMALE > Potter movie and then realized that Shit I haven't even read this book so I didn't even know what was going on . I'm so special . 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody . Now bring on the food , and the itus ..... ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ 
needs to brush up on his skillz that killz 
Shit , two days ago my car was destroyed ( mostly ) by another . I was just parked and sitting there . 
Dun , dun , dun . This day sucks 
Finished both Christmas Shopping for a certain individuals , Laundry , and I killed over 800 zombies . I say I did good before turning in today . 
So um yeah ..... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone sorry I was a little late on that . Mine was good , not any better than last year but yeah . 
crashed into two snowbanks yesterday . What fun :) 
Sup Facebook , haven't been on in a while . 
Daaaaaaaaang . I failed my exam . Derp 
Snowboarding , A process of learning to stand up , falling down very very very hard , learning to get back up , and then find some icy hot .... ouch 
Why do I always lose my small important stuff !! 
Sweet , it's practically spring over here in Japan 
My biological clock is all messed up . I need to sleep right . 
It's Valentines Day .... I kinda wish I were more compassionate about it for some reason . 
So what's next ? 
So much crap to do . Arrrrrg 
Going snowboarding tomorrow . I'm going to rock as best as I can . 
Dear Facebook . At Okunakayama I learned all about leafing and carving . The latter with little success . To sum things up , snowboarding destroyed me hahahaha 
When you put your foot on the gas and the break at the same time , bad things happen . 
For some reason I just don't have any motivation to anything right now 
Building a computer is pretty fricken difficult 
Just when you think that it is spring . BAM . You're hit with another freezing day of winter . Fricken mother nature . The first prankster . 
Ugh ... slept on my face again . No blood circulation . 
:[ ] 
Apparently there were 27 earthquakes here in the last 24 hours . I sat through the biggest one here in front of my screen . LOL . Messed with all my stuff . I could actually see the building move in relation to the ground . 
Feeling bummed 
Huge earthquake . Right up there in the 8.8 category . Survived , no big deal . A little freaked though . 
48 hours . So much has changed in such little time including my perspective here . I was just going about doing my usual buisness and then all this happens . I'm just trying to get my bearings straight . So much for best laid plans right ? 
We got da power !!! 
Another earthquake this morning and now I feeling nauceous 
Kung fu movie night !! 
OMG !! work graphics card work !! 
resting up before I get on the plane later today . 
getting on the plane boss 
If anyone was wondering why they were getting a bunch of unsolicited e-mails from me in the past couple of days it's because someone has hi-jacked my e-mail account and sending spam in mass distribution . So just ignore me for now 
Arrived in LA got San < PROPMALE > no prob . 
Okay so < PROPFEMALE > sucks , and San < PROPMALE > airport is all ass backwards . Thank you universe . My plan got cancelled and I have to take an entirely new one here in LA . So a little good news is that I get to stay over night in Tokyo for one day . But the rest sucks . Poot on that . 
So I went to seaworld the other day , and it was awesome . Got to do everything short of riding Shamu myself . 
