it's so dirty to be moist , i guess ! 

glad my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is ok 
two dumb asses dead thanks to the second amendment 
anybody up for paranormal activity tonight 
paranormal activity tonight for real this time , i think ! 
paranormal not bad wish i had not read wiki first 
going to the viking game 
friendsgiving tomorrow 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
going out then adams for the new year 
going out to eat at least tonight hit me up if you wana join 
football today 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s no ? ??? ' s ?? s sI ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? no ? ? I ,,,, ??? u ? ? u ?????? p ? ? o ?? p ?? o ? ??? ?? ? oo ? ? ? u ???? 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! had a great day ! 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > McQuown 
80's rap is so funny 
just call me daddy x3 
i only want positive news on fb from now on everybody cheer up 
I'm good enough i'm smart enough and dog gone it people like me 
working on a tatt to commemorate UNCLE < PROPFIRST > so if you r part of my mcquown roots let me know if you would be interested in getting one too 
the bears suck not happy with that win at all 
hey dist . 118 teachers try to remember the students and come to work tomorrow ! 
So Auto Zone shorted me 40 hours on my paycheck , \ 
after taxes child support and ins . thats $172 . fuck !!!!!!!!!!! 
They just called they have a check for me 
now thats what im talking about chicago 
20-17 DA BEARS 
BOYBOYBOYBOYBOYBOYBOYBOYBOY !?! 
sometimes i just want to copy someone elses status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
my pillow is looking pretty tempting riight now :D 
so i guess im going to try out being vegan haha this is going to be hard . 
fuck it i like bugs < PROPFEMALE > 
bored 
had an amazing day today ! mia got her robot , missed my other baby girl but we'll see her soon . had an awesome snowball fight with the fam . 
Can not believe they won a superbowl just a year ago now getting thier asses handed to them by a team that shouldnt even be here 
well Mia is on her way back to surgery will take about a half hour we don't get to go with her so hope all goes well 
everything went well waiting on Mia to come back from recovery 
ok she's back with us now and not very happy 
