is super glad she got to see her amazing man this past week and cant wait for august lol 

is exhausted for working like 30+ hours since firday morning ... 
is confused , sad , upset , glad .... just really unsure lol :( 
is really bored ... lol 
is discombobulated ... 
is freaking herself out lol 
is going to see her amazinf sister and bestest < PROPMALE > :) 
is thinking about penguins :) 
is thinking that weather might interupt going camping this weekend a little bit ... :( 
had a really great day hanging out with < PROPFIRST > :) 
is super duper happy ! :D lol 
wishes that 6 months was longer but so glad its not shorter lol :) 
wishes some things in life were easier ... =/ 
is super exiting about getting her tax return done ! money money money :D LOL 
cant wait to get off work tomorrow night ... well i guess tonight lol :) 
is exhuasted from working and looking forward to thursday off ! :D 
lol is already ready for wednesday night ! :D 
FL in seven days !!! :D YAY !!! 
chilling with the lil man tonight :) 
in florida ! yay ! lol its so beautiful !! :D 
going to the beach for a little bit :) 
she grew up on the side of the road where church bells ring and strong love grows she grew up good she grew up slow ... steady as a preacher free as a weed couldnt wait to get goin ' but wasnt quite ready to leave so innocent pure and sweet like american < PROPFEMALE > ... oh i miss those days are the years go by ... nothing's sweeter than summertime and american < PROPFEMALE > 
back in va ! being away makes me appreciate home and everyone around me :) 
phone is almost dead and i wont have the charger til tonight or tomorrow morning , if ya really need to talk text < PROPFEMALE > lol :) love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had a super fun/hilarious night lol 
thanks for the leadership .... lol 
my phone got stolen on wednesday night ! so give me a call or a text or send it to me in a message so i have your number again !!! 
\your going into the conference room untill you decide to give me half off on all the pizza ! \"...\" this is stupid \"...\" you dont even know what stupid is !!! \"" 
someone just shoot me please ... X ( 
\sometimes life is hard and you have to push yourself farther than you ever thought you were capable of \"" 
I lov the rain but I wish it would rain ridiculously hard or not at all ... 
IM SUPER HAPPY TO BE ABLE TO DRIVE AGAIN ... still wont have a picture ID for a few days but atleast i can drive lol :) 
If you have equipment you should learn how to use it ... 
i miss < PROPMALE > so much .... 
so pretty much all moved out and all moved back in at my parents house ... 9 people in one house .... oh joy ... 
anyone want to buy a beautiful little ' 96/'04 mustang ? 
I've got the ticket !! March 30th at 2:10 I leave for Brisbane !!! :D 
37 more days then Australia here i come :D 
gee whiz man ... i feel so old ... how did this happen ?... and how do we make it stop ? :/ 
netflix is down !!!! what is this world coming to .... * sigh * .... 
Im in AUSTRALIA !!! its beautiful < PROPFEMALE > and warm !! :) ( MISS EVERYBODY ALREADY ) 
Today I'm going to apply for a few jobs walk around exploring a little and hopefully take a few pictures for everyone to see :) 
So I forgot my camera at the house so no pictures today sorry :( but guess what I saw !!!!! Walking around indooroopilly shopping centre I saw a guy with a st < PROPFIRST > cardinals hat !!! Lol how crazy is that ?! :D 
so went out to a local pub and got on the wrong bus going home going the opposite way and the bus driver gave us a ride all the way home like literally outside our house !! lol craziness im telling you ... pure craziness .... 
