I have great plans for fixing that picture . Not that < PROPMALE > isn't adorable , but somehow only the top of his head shows up 

I have glorious things on my mind today . I am going to pamper myself outrageously and get a 60 hot stone massage with aromatherapy . At the end of that I shall , no doubt , be a good-smelling puddle . 
I am doing glrious things today . I shall pamper myself outrageously with a 60 minute hot stone massage with aromatherapy . I shall emerge a good-smelling puddle with stone shaped burn marks . 
Today I'm mostly playing Lego Batman and being hollered at by < PROPMALE > for doing it wrong . 
< PROPFEMALE > DA !!! I now look like me instead of < PROPMALE > 
I'm off to see the Dragon . Which in NOT like going to see the varmint . Let's see if < PROPMALE > can handle a 2 hour movie with 3D glasses . 
We have now successfully seen How to Train Your Dragon . < PROPMALE > has changed his name to Toothless and spits at us . < PROPFIRST > keeps trying to burst into flame . I just < PROPMALE > the light on the floor . 
I'm watching The Ten Commandments for the bazillionth time . That is Miss < PROPFEMALE > Baxter , and those are the moves . 
Okay , I'm strangely drawn to American Idol despite the fact that there are only 3 people who can sing this year . All the other are there because they're pretty . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head often affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . 
My child is reading Popular Science while massacre-ing ( how do you spell that ? ) some song on her new recorder . Oh , and watching Bear Grylls , whom she thinks is truly cool . I think he's an idiot , but I kinda like watching him eat bugs . It's like watching the immediate consequences of stupidity . Almost time for Junkyard Wars . 
I have just discovered < PROPMALE > . I can't decide if I'm more in love with < PROPMALE > or Doakes . It's a close-run thing . I < PROPFEMALE > toward < PROPMALE > . 
Is there a fan group for Bones ? 
Just had a neighborhood crawfish boil . Mud bugs are their own thing , aren't they ? Too much spice on the corn and potatoes , and I swear I'm sleeping across the house from < PROPMALE > for several days . We had a seriously good time . 
I now have a new trainer at the gym who doesn't understand old fat ladies . His goal , he says , is to get me to the point of throwing up without actually going that far . He had to pursue me with a trash can today . I keep trying to explain , between gasps , that I can't pull myself up on a bar . He made me do 30 pullups anyway . I bet I can't type tomorrow . 
I'm about to go try to convince a bunch of non-English majors that they like Chaucer . Happily , I have some say in the text , so they didn't have to read it in Middle English . Of course , I don't really think they're going to understand it anyway . And at least one of my students will object to the bawdiness being something a DBU student is required to read . 
Tonight I get to convince people that they like Machiavelli . The big question : is he a pessimist or a realist ? 
I am forcing some friends out to see How to Train Your Dragon . hehehe 
My children have an unwholesome interest in Bear Grylls . I fear that < PROPMALE > is getting some really bad ideas . < PROPFIRST > is just storing information in case she's ever stranded in one of these places . I understand that one since I still know a back way out of everywhere in case the KGB is chasing me . But < PROPMALE > has unhealthy speculation in his eyes as he watches . 
< PROPFIRST > made a series of bad choices this morning , which I allowed trying not to protect her from the consequences of her own actions , and she's gone to school without breakfast . It's killing me . Why should doing what will make her more responsible be so painful for me ? Seems unfair , somehow . My mom always seemed to thoroughly enjoy this sort of situation . 
Okay , I'm feeling all impressive and bilingual because I just had a chat session in Spanish . I probably missed half the words , but hey , Mexicans are naturally supportive and tell you you're great even if you're awful . 
I'm creating a new word : I have cat apnea . Particularly in spring , I get congested and sleep with my mouth open . The cat , being intrigued , sticks her paw in there , cutting off my air . I don't sleep well in spring . So how do I go about bringing my new word into correct circulation ? Maybe if I put it on the Oprah Winfrey web site . . . . I've always wanted to invent a word . 
WALK NAKED IN < PROPFEMALE > DAY Don't forget to < PROPFIRST > your calendars . As you may already know , it is a sin for a Muslim males to see any woman other than his wife naked and if he does , he must commit suicide . So next Saturday at 1 PM Eastern Time , all American women are asked to walk out of their house completely naked to help weed out any neighborhood terrorists . 
Circling your block for one hour is recommended for this anti-terrorist effort . All patriotic men and patriotic partners ( don’t ask , don’t tell ) are to position themselves in lawn chairs in front of their houses to demonstrate their support for the women and to prove that they are not Muslim terrorist sympathizers . Since Islam also does not approve of alcohol , a cold 6-pack at your side is further proof of patriotism 
Tact is for people not clever enough to be sarcastic . A motto to live by . 
I have strep throat and hate everybody . Except < PROPMALE > . 
I feel slightly better , so I hate fewer people . 
The infection did not leave , it grew . I am now on antibiotics that work like chemo and have been told by an idiot doctor to reduce stress and get more rest . Why do they say things like that ? I'll keep my 4 year old still while I'm at it . 
< PROPFIRST > is 10 !! Happy Birthday to Tygger ! I'll post a picture . I tried several times this morning and got a colorful blur . She's excited . 
It's amazing what a girl will do to avoid grading final exams . 
I have just found the Family Feud on FB . You will all be shocked to learn that I do not think like most of < PROPFEMALE > . I am seriously bad at this game and therefore thoroughly enjoying myself . 
Please put this on your status if you know , or\ 
are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by\ 
the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire\ 
is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring\ 
peace to the galaxy , but the evil empire continues to kill innocent \ 
civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status\ 
for at least one hour ? 
honest truth : I like it on the dryer . 
I'm an Aunt !!! I'm sure they've already posted , so I can tell all my friends , too . My sister-in-law had < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Griswold at 5:24 yesterday evening . I'm going to call her Mojo . Don't see how I can help it . Since my kids are Tygger and J-peg , I think Mojo sounds about right for the family . 
Happy Towel Day to all the Hoopy Froods out there ! 
is very easily entertained today 
I have the coolest husband in the whole world . < PROPMALE > is taking the day off tomorrow and got a babysitter and is taking me to see Wicked and then dinner and then a movie of my choice . He set all that up and THEN told me . He told me that my total responsibility is to look good and enjoy myself . 
is listening to her 4 year old son sing < PROPFIRST > Swift at the top of his lungs while wearing my iPod . That boy ain't right . 
I want to know why all the ads on the side of my screen are either for rehab or pole dancing classes . 
wonders if anyone else keeps \emergency\ " chocolate . " 
You know , some people never go crazy . What terribly boring lives they must lead . 
For those of you who haven't been able to find me in a week , I've been in Florida at Disney World larking about with < PROPMALE > and the kids . 
Why do I keep playing this game that I'm so bad at ? Do I have some overwhelming need to fail ? In public ? 
I want to grow up and be insanely wealthy . I want a cook . I could be thin if I had a live-in cook . Besides < PROPMALE > . I want a nutritional expert type cook . 
I want to know who the bozos are that answer the Family Feud questions . I have had an extremely long run of bad luck , and I want to know who to blame . Other than me . 
How do I tell my VBS leader that I don't really want to teach it this year without hurting her feelings , causing a gap in her schedule , and thoroughly irritating her ? 
My friend is getting a new nephew today . Congratulations to all ! 
Okay , I know that the FB engine is supposed to create side ads that apply to you , but this is really irritating . For a long time , I just got rehab and pole dancing lessons . Today , I've got something for a Zac Efron movie . What am I doing wrong ? 
For other Family Feud nerds , if you have extras , I need the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , the Statue of < PROPFEMALE > , and something else which I can't remember . I just squeaked into level 3 ; yea for me ! 
Bad day . I miss mom . 
I've been visiting my in-laws on a mountain in New Mexico . It was mostly in the 60s in the daytime . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > and I went horseback riding . < PROPMALE > remains unimpressed with trotting and small jumps , possibly because he was in front of me and jammed against the pommel . His comments are not repeatable here . :) 
< PROPMALE > prayer request : My dad is in the hospital with heart problems . The doctors will be doing that catheter through the leg thing to confirm the findings of his stress test , but things do not look good right now . 
Dad has two separate 70 blockages , which will require stints rather than bypasses . The stints are scheduled to go in Monday . The hospital says he can go home on Tuesday or Wednesday . < PROPFEMALE > and I are going to do shifts those first several days . I will be with him at first and the < PROPFEMALE > over the weekend . 
After Dad's little stent in the hospital ( horrible pun intended ) , he's doing well . His heartbeats per minute have dropped by about 20 , and he's feeling much better . I caught him mowing today . The doctor will re-evaluate his heart function in about 4-6 weeks . Thank you all for your prayer support . 
I'm a bad , bad person . Today < PROPMALE > was watching Mortal Kombat and a guy ran up the wall and did a spin kick . < PROPMALE > said real people can't do that . I did one of those simple right foot push up , left push away , right kick out from the wall things . < PROPMALE > spent the next 2 hours bashing into the wall . It was hilarious . 
A good friend has posted a brilliant haiku that I must share : \Haikus are easy / but sometimes they don't make sense / refrigerator . \ " I'm trying to work out how to get that in my email signature :) " 
My children have insisted on my total immersion in the world of Avatar : the Last Airbender . I have now seen all 60 anime episodes and the ( lame ) movie where they misinterpreted any number of things . In any case , I am definitely a firebender . 
I just got a root canal . The nice dentist had to drill through the crown he put on it last week . Evidently , I had a seriously unhappy tooth . There was a lovely infection growing in there and all kinds of swelling . It took 3 1/2 hours to get all that done . I am now on antibiotics and steriods and codeine . i think morphine would be better for today . Ouch . 
I am irritated with Family Feud for a mostly irrational reason . On the triple bonus question , they didn't tell me they wanted nouns , so I kept putting adjectives . And got no points and therefore didn't get to play the fast money round . Not Fair ( stamp little foot ) 
I am overwhelmed with birthday joy . 
I'M ALONE !!!! O happy day ! < PROPMALE > has started kindergarten , and it's just me and the cat ! I can get something done on the computer ( see ? ) ! I can sleep if I want ! I can watch Anything I Want To on TV ! 
The beginning of school is horrible . I can't make myself behave well and do my work . 
My children are both sick , but in different ways . < PROPMALE > is upchucking his toenails , and Tyg has a terminal head cold . I expect to have both of those at the same time within the week 
Does anyone have an extra prime number for level 6 ? I have extra Medusa heads if anyone needs one . 
Okay , so what's the deal with Grace Park getting cast as men from old shows ? First she was Boomer , now she's gonna be Kono from Hawaii 5-0 ? Does no one notice that the extremely good looking Asian female is neither a big , black man nor a huge , Polynesian man ? 
I just had a massage . I think I've devolved into a pudding . A very happy pudding . 
I must now grade two classes of freshman first papers . It's like I accidentally prayed for < PROPFEMALE > or something . But I'll survive to flunk people another day ! 
I continue to fail to grade the freshman papers at a reasonable pace . I keep having to reorganize my syllabus for lessons to cover the most common errors . You know , I don't think anyone teaches grammar anymore . Except me - poor freshmen . 
I believe that I have sufficiently tortured the freshman for their first paper . I am soooo happy that I have finished grading the first round . Out of 31 , I have 11 F's and 5 Ds . So , only half of them failed . They're all going to look at me like I kicked their puppy . 
Bad news : My dad has just passed away - peacefully in his sleep . My mom died last year on Oct . 13 . < PROPFEMALE > and I are not having a fun year . At the moment , < PROPFEMALE > is able to express grief , and I'm making useful lists as a defense mechanism . I wonder if he's paid off that truck yet . . . . 
Sorry for my long absence , guys . I've been . . . truly busy . and stressed . I am currently in possession of my demented ( literally ) grandmother . I have been listening to the same story for 2 days . Sigh . 
