Headed back to New Orleans tomorrow , where does the time go ... 

spent the day pulling weeds at the condo and now I'm fried . It was very hot in nawlins today . 
It was great seeing < PROPFEMALE > and troops yesterday , though it was hot out I think a good time was had by all . :) 
Sitting at the airport wondering why they can never have an on time flight out of here ... 
I heard from mom today , she asked that I let everyone know that she's doing good ; her computer caught a virus and she can't get online . At the moment she is in Atlanta GA headed North to Tenn . Also Geoff , she asked me to tell you she wishes you where ther 
We all had very long weekend working on mom's new place . We've made a lot of progress thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and family . :) However , I don’t think it’s going to be ready for her when she gets back this coming weekend . The condo assoc . has strict rules about 
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort ... one of my favorite quotes . 
Had a great day ... went to the mother cabrini shrine with my friend < PROPFIRST > from Nawlins . I had never been there before , interesting . Great view of the city from there . He was dying as we climbed all those stairs because he couldn't breath ( New Orleans is 
Went to the state capitol and took the tour including the renovated dome . I've lived in < PROPMALE > for over 19 years and had never been . Why is it that you never do these things unless you have out of town guests ? 
Got my grants today and looks like they are going to pay for 95% of my fall semester now ! 
wonders which will make a headache go away quicker ... Aleve or Vodka ... 
Spending time with family in Big Sky country 
Getting ready to Head to New Orleans at the end of the week . 
My < PROPFEMALE > is in the hospital again ... :( has to have surgery in the am . 
Getting ready to head out ... Not looking forward to the 20 hour drive . 
just finished Tulane's orientation for incoming students . I'm excited for Monday though still trying to figure out where McWillams Hall is . Oh well I guess I have until Monday afternoon to track it down . 
First day of class is over and it's a good thing too . now only 13 more of those classes left . ( once a week class ) 
has survived my first week back to school . Nothing makes you feel so old as going into a class when everyone is at least 10 years younger than yourself . :) 
Had a great Birthday in Natchez Mississippi . Did a few plantation home tours and and a wonderful meal with a friend . 
isn't so sure he's ready for acting class this evening ... 
Yeah !!!! made it though another week of school : 0 ) 
The worst part about three day weekends is that they are only three days . 
Is it Friday yet ?!?! 
Ahhh survived week three , now reading those 7 chapters and write that 1000 word paper by monday . So much for the weekend ... 
Finally finished his rough draft 
Wow that was a lot of reading , question is will I remember it tomorrow . 
Just keep swimming ... 
Practicing My scene for my mid-term in Fundamentals of Acting .... Yikes !!! My scene partner is a bossy witch with a capital B ... I think she would make a great director , to bad that's not the assignment . 
Finally I am half way through the semester ... Now mid-terms on start Monday . 
Yea !!! Fall break ... NO more school for the rest of the week ! 
Got the highest midterm grade in my English ( out of 45 students ) class and got a 98 on my midterm in acting class . :) Life is good . 
Why does 6 am come so early .... Ugh ! 
just got home from a nice evening of seeing the < PROPMALE > Ballet perform in < PROPFEMALE > 
Just got an email from my professor that my rough draft isn't due now until monday ... that'd be great if I hadn't spent most of the day trying to get it done for tomorrow morning . Hmm what happened to his \I will make no changes within 48 hours of class\ " ? Oh well at least I'm a head now and won't have homework over the weekend . " 
Can we just skip Tuesday and go right to Wednesday ? 
Just got in from seeing a production of Dead Man's Cell Phone at Tulane . 
Only 4 more weeks !!!! 
looking out the window wondering why Tulane hasn't canceled classes tonight like every other school ... now where did I but that umbrella ? 
Finished the first half of my English Rhetoric test ... boy was that brutal . now to study for the second half which is on Tuesday . 
Taking the second half of my final test today ( Am I ready ? ) then off to the airport to head back to < PROPMALE > for a week 
just taking a moment to remember , on World's AIDS Day ( Dec 1st ) , all the loved ones that we have lost and those who are still fighting . 
Is it Tuesday yet ??? 
had a very nice surprise today ; my English professor said today was the last day instead of next Tuesday ... So I guess I got my wish from this morning and Tuesday came early . :) Ahhh , the last day of English class , now all I have to do is turn in my final paper next Weds and I'm done with that class . YES !!!! and good riddance !!! 
is feeling very good now , I got a standing ovation on my final in Acting class . It was a monologue . Was told I hit it out of the field , grand slam . :) another said that it gave them chills how I changed . One class down one to go ... I'm going to miss that class . 
just sent my final paper for English with 5 minutes to spare ... Am done for the semester !!! 
am enjoying my winter break but this is just a little to much winter ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! I wish for you and your families many blessings and joys through this holiday season . 
That was one of the roughest flights I've ever had ... 
I wish everyone many blessings and exceptional experiences in this new year !!! 
A low of 26 tongiht ... I thought I left Colorado ... 
And so begins another semester .... 
is now pondering why he scheduled an early morning class after a late night class ... 
I survived the frist week back !!! only 14 to go ... lol 
It's WAY BACK WEEK !!!!! RETRO RETRO RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and let's see how adorable we all were !!! WAYBACK WEEK !! 
Since I had the day off I spent the day reading ahead , drawing , and working on my web project for my classes ... Feels great to be ahead in my homework !!! Now if it would only last . 
Just read that by the time a child finishes elementary school they have seen on average 8.000 murders on TV ; by the time they graduate high school that number is closer to 40,000 . They will also see an average of 200,000 acts of violence ... ( These statistics’ are only for TV , not movies , video games or the internet . ) 
Survived yet another week of school !!! 
Krewe du Vieux Parade to night ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name . Copy and paste this as your status , and then put the first entry for your name under the comments . 
So much work so little time ... 
No School for a week !!! Gotta love Mardi Gras !!! 
Just had a great dinner at The Gumbo Shop whith < PROPFIRST > . 
So goes another great weekend !!! 
It's hard to believe that half the semester is already over ... Where does the time go ? 
ugh ... so starts another week of school . 
Another week of school down ... How many more are there ?!?! 
Hate when the professor says they are going to post the instructions for our homework by Tuesday night ... It is now Thursday night and still we wait ... I bet he still expects it turned in on time ... 
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself : I , not events , have the power to make me happy or unhappy today . I can choose which it shall be . Yesterday is dead , tomorrow hasn't arrived yet . I have just one day , today , and I'm going to be happy in it . - Groucho < PROPFEMALE > 
Had a great night at class ... If only they all could be that way . :) 
What a beautiful day ... a bit cool but still beautiful ! 
Had a nice and relaxing day finished up with a nice run , I couldn't ask for a better afternoon ! 
Why is it when you crave something you don't have any on hand ? 
Officially on Spring Break for the next 11 days !!! 
Is happy he has such great people in his life !!! 
Wonders why my phone feels the need to just randomly reach out and call people even when It's just sitting on the table ... Might be time to call Verizon !! 
Happy Easter Everyone !!! 
You've just got to love wihen you wake up thinking Ugh I have class and then realize you have 3 more days of spring break !!! 
Spent the last several days working on my media arts career project , I've got the written part and the visual boards done ... now I need to tie it all together and create an oral presentation . I hate oral presentations .... Maybe I'll just wing it and B.S. my way through it tomorrow evening . lol 
back to the grindstone ... It was fun while it lasted : 0 ) 
Thank God that's over with !!!! but on the plus side I did get a 100% on my mid-term . :) 
What a long hectic week ... Wow certainly don't wanna do that again . TGIF !! 
Another fun filled night in the big easy :D 
Finally getting an ajustment at the chiropractor .. long over due 
A day of moving a friend then enjoying the French Quarter Festival most of the afternoon . :) 
What a beautiful day it was , can't ask for any better . 
Getting ready to go for a long run and enjoy some of this beautiful day 
Going to the < PROPMALE > show was very cool , though it felt very odd to see a painting of me hanging on the wall . 
Life is good when you drive into the Burger < PROPMALE > for an Iced Tea and they give you 3 free root beer floats because the car infront of you didn't have enough money . :) 
Enjoying the calm before the storm ... Finals start next week ... 
Ok I've been cramming for hours now ... but I still confuse what the medium is the message means ... just over three hours until the final to get it right ... tic toc 
One class down ... 
All I can say is .... What a week ... 
last final this evening .... looking forward to getting it over with . 
Yes , I am done . I'm finished with school now until Aug 23 !!!! 
I think I may have gone overboard by doubling the chocolate chip recipe ... 10 dozen cookies later ... Anyone need some cookies ? 
One measurement of friendship consists not \ 
in the number of things friends can discuss , but in the number of \ 
things they need no longer mention . 
Just wanted to say thanks to all my friends and family who have been understanding that I haven't been available much these past 9 months . For all those times I was to busy with homework to go out or to come over , I just want to say your < PROPFEMALE > and my hard work paid off for my first year back in college . And now for a few months of catching up and relaxing before I hit the books once again ... 
Getting ready to head back North for the summer ... Wow where has the time gone ?!? Or is it west ... 
Hmmm , Iced tea and IPods don't go well together .... 
“Louisiana isn’t the only place that has \ 
shrimp . ”-British Petroleum rep < PROPFIRST > Prescott .... His office phone number\ 
is ( 713 ) 323-4093 . Email is randy.prescott@bp.com . Give him a call or \ 
send an email ! You can tell him “And BP isn’t ... the only place that has\ 
fuel for my car ! ” Please repost . 
Rose : By the way , < PROPFEMALE > , you have a large tuchus . \ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > : [ Smiling suspiciously ] That . . . better mean \bosom . \ " \ 
When I close my eyes I still see the stripe on the center of the road flashing by ... 
Why is it you can never the lighter when you need it . 
So when checking out at a store do you look at the person only as a checkout clerk or as a person ? 
Ok so I thought it was June ... 
Gets his new car today ... 
wonders what he's still doing up ... 
Bags are packed now just have to tranquilize\ 
the dog ... lol then off to Yampa for the weekend . 
Just got to Kremmling ... Bumper to Bumper traffic already ... Going to be a long trip home . 
Just got to Kremmling . A lot of traffic already ... Going to be a long trip home . 
Hard to imagine that just over a month before I head back South for the winter ... 
Those who would give up essential < PROPFEMALE > to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither < PROPFEMALE > nor safety . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Text books came in the mail ... guess that's a sign it is almost time for school to start back up 
What a beautiful day for a drive in the convertable .. : 0 ) 
I can't believe where the time has gone ... only 21 days before I'm back hitting the books 
so the socks I just bought have an L on one and an R on the other ... Since when do socks have left and right ??? 
Spent the day venturing through the city's pawn shops ... 
What a great day it has been !!! 
You know you're day is going to pot when you buy a bike only to have it stolen four days later . 
Starting to pack to head back to back to Nawlins ... 
Sooo much to do and time is running out ... 
Why is it that setting up a network is never as easy as the sales tech makes it sound ?!?!?! 
Just had my first class of the semester and all I have to say is ... Say what ?!!? 
When will I learn it's never wise to goto the doctor ... They seem to never give you anything but bad news ... I knew I had to have two surgeries in Dec ... but now I have to have a third ? Hmmm I see the economic slowdown hasn't effected the med community because I'm personally supporting it ... lol I guess that one will have to wait until June . 
When God made time , He made enough of it . The only question left is how the heck do you manage it ? 
Thank you all for the Birthday wishes , It's been a great day !!! 
Ok .. so why is it that when you have to wake up early you can't fall asleep until very late ??? 
All human \ 
actions have one or more of these seven causes : < PROPMALE > , nature , \ 
compulsion , habit , reason , passion , and < PROPFEMALE > - Aristotle ... Think \ 
I'm stuck in < PROPMALE > wish I could get a little more of that passion ... 
If you laugh hard and long enough .... You don't have to do sit ups ... 
So what is the point of an online class that the professor never responds to emails ?!?!? 
ok so my professor finally responded to my emails on the day the homework was due ... some three days later ... Then shortly after that she posts a note on the online blackboard critisizing everyone for not doing the work but she never said what the work was ... I only have one thing to say to her ... WTF !!!! 
How is it possible to have a 24 pack of water in the fridge and only one freeze solid ?? 
You're never to old to become younger - < PROPFEMALE > West 
“I have never let my schooling interfere with my education . ” < PROPFIRST > Twain 
The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
I submitted a request form at the start of the\ 
semester asking they acknowledge my hearing loss , to allow me to do\ 
things like record classes and such ... They rejected it today . They said\ 
there wasn't enough proof . I guess a doctor's letter saying I have substantial\ 
hearing loss and the official hearing test isn’t enough proof . \ 
Now I get to challenge their decision \ 
tomorrow . Why am I going here ?!?! 
Here is hoping for a fantastic week !!! 
What a beautiful day ! spent the afternoon milling around the quarter and had lunch at one of my favorite eating spots ... The Gumbo Shop . 
Yea !!! short week this week , fall break starts Weds . 
I was watching 30 Rock and I was impressed that I knew what vertical integration was !!! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > 
Is enjoying his short break from school 
Age is something that doesn't matter , unless you are a cheese . - < PROPFIRST > Burke 
Is very happy that he got an A on his midterm in Expository Writing ! Just one more midterm to go on Tuesday ... 
Is puzzled how he could get 105 out of 100 on his midterm ... Maybe I got points for spelling my name right ? 
What a beautiful day out today . Had a great lunch with a good friend and < PROPMALE > out on the river for awhile . It's days like today I know why I am in < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
This year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . wondering who took the time to figure that out .... 
Had a great week with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Life is good when you find a KitKat that you forgot you hid 
I love deadlines . I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by . - < PROPMALE > Adams 
Just went to a very interesting lecture on the fire of The Upstairs Lounge here in New Orleans in 1973 . It was moving and sad , amazing how much things have changed but are still the same . 
WARNING , PLEASE READ . If someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance with your arms in the air , DO NOT do this , it is a scam , they just want to see you naked . please copy and paste this to your status , I wish I had received this yesterday , I feel stupid now . =) Saw this post and thought it was to funny so had to re-post 
Is it Happy Hour yet ?!?!? 
Just one more week of school then flying off into the sunset ... or maybe it's following the sunrise . 
Today is World AIDS Day , so taking time out to think of all those who I have known that have been lost to and are still fighting this disease . My heart goes out to you !!! 
Just submitted my last paper for English so one class down ! 
SNOWBALLFIGHT !! \(?) \ 
What a beautiful day in the crescent city ! 
Ok , so I know I'm headed North on Weds morning but do I have to get a taste of the cold before I go ? 
So after Driving the MDX for the past 5 months , I got into the TL this afternoon and almost put myself through the windshild when I stepped on the brakes . I am so used to having to step hard on the brake pedal . 
So went to the doctor today and handed him all the paperwork for my two surguries coming up next week . He said Ok , I can handle this , when do you need them by . I told him I needed them by Monday .... He laughed and asked if I was kidding , then under his breath said I guess I'm not going to the office party .... 
Another semester on the < PROPFIRST>'s list !!! All A's 
Just went through 15 years of stuff that has been accumulating in the attic ... And why did I keep all this junk to begin with ?!?! Now I have a completely empty attic ready for insulation to be put in this week . 
One surgery down , one more to go ... 
First day up and about after Friday's surgery . Things were a little more involved than the doc had first anticipated . Everything went well , but I was under the knife for over three hours instead of the hour they said . Thank God for pain killers :) Now I have just under two weeks to recover before heading back South . 
Last minute crazyness . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my family and friends . I hope this day brings you many joys . 
It was really great to see my family just wish I would have had more time where I wasn't laid up . Next time : 0 ) Packing bag to fly back South tomorrow ... 
Just picked up my text books ... All I have to say is I'm going to be doing a lot of reading , 12 books for 4 classes ... 
Ventured down to Dulac , LA yesterday and had a really nice time . : 0 ) 
Is now wondering what ever possessed me to take a political history class . registration remorse ... 
So I'm now a < PROPFIRST > instead of a Virgo ??? Say what ?!? 
What a beautiful day today ! :) 
Is very tried of reading now ... 
So a student walked into class and asked the professor if we had homework due . She said yes . The student said Oh mine is going to be a little late then . The professor asked how late . The student actually said , well I'll have to ask my brother when he'll have time to do it .... 
Is it happy hour somewhere ?!?!? 
