needs to cook something awesome tonight . 

' s feet hurt from shopping all day for apartment stuff . 
is gonna go take a jacuzzi tub bubble bath . 
' s sleep schedule has been totally revolutionized . Why the hell is she up at 730 am ??? 
is officially in Gainesville and officially unhappy with the traffic . She's at reitz Union if anyone wants to say hi . 
just deferred payment on a root beer . Yes ! 
hunted for used textbooks all day , found a Plato's Closet and a Goodwill , swam in the pool , went to crispers and < PROPMALE > out with some cool people today . Bedtime ! 
Does anyone know why all of the sudden I'm not registered for any classes on < PROPFEMALE > ???? Am I the only one ??? WTF . 
is now in her classes and had a schedule . Crisis averted . She also LOVES the hookah bar here . Sex on the beach flavor ! 
There's so much weed here ! 
hates Gainesville , but likes the people ! 
loved learning about international politics and sex today . Her human sexuality prof looks like < PROPMALE > Frasier . 
Every day here is a millenium . 
is loving it . 
is wondering why in classes of 2 to 600 people she is still the one who answers all the questions and asks the most compelling ones . 
met awesome friends today ! 
is watching her big tv all by herself and doing homework . It's raining ! 
thinks everyone should watch < PROPMALE > Mahr's Religulous . 
doesn't want to go to philosophy . She is very jaded with the inapplicable and inefficient and relatively useless circle thinking that is required . 
was stung by a puss caterpillar today and spent a few hours screaming in the UF infirmary . She is still is much pain and is by herself on a Friday night . For those of you UFers ... stay the fuck away from the oak trees on campus , unless you have a thing for excrutiating pain . I KNEW I hated Gainesville . 
Home with the New York Times and can't wait for the weekend already . 
LOVES taking 16 credits ! */sarcam * 
What's the difference between a clitoris and a golf ball ? A man will spend 15 minutes looking for his golf ball :) -- Courtesy of my human sex class 
has a party going on in her house . Fer realz . 
Woo for teamwork on lecture notes and book outlines ...! Lectures , smectures . 
has a < PROPFEMALE > on her lap ^_^ 
is a < PROPMALE > surprised at how easy college is : from her earlier exam : \Matching : 6 . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > a . wrote On the Origin of Species . \"" 
just discovered that she can order a Starbucks cinnammon dolce frappeccino with light blended coffee and cut the calories from about 370 to 110 . Awesome . 
just figured out how to ? 
got a 92 on her International Politics ( written , as in essays ) exam . Hellz yeah . 
Textbook : $113.00 . Laptop : $839.00 . Exam Booklet : $00.89 . Cramming in half a semester's worth of moral philosophy material in 8 hours and Acing the exam ? Priceless . 
thinks that driving in Gainesville sucks . 
So who from a graduated Edgewood class is going to the show on Friday ? 
Dirty Rotten Scoundrels kids , you guys were amazing . Congrats ! 
Whoever said that life is better when you're a teenager in high school was smoking something hardcore . Life totally rocks now . 
is seriously going to maul over a pedestrian one of these days in the godforsaken Gainesville roadways . 
loves her kitten ^_^ 
So apparently there's these religious right-wingers in Turlington AGAIN , but this time they're handing out copies of On the Origin of Species with a forward by some guy talking about INTELLIGENT DESIGN AND GOD . And here I was all excited that there was finally some intelligent people advocating sanity to college students . Oh and the worse part ? They're doing this at universities -across the country- . 
Somebody tell me why I am never told anything that is going on in my apartment , including a wall being painted black , parties being held during which a keg is placed in front of my door and its foulsmelling beer contents leaked into my bedroom , beer is spilled all around my tv and bluray player and sticking to my xbox360 , strangers are invited and my apartment is on the whole basically completely trashed w/o my consent . 
feels horrible . 
Aww ... c'mon Gators , what was that !? 
Consequentialism , paper , smoothie , and a cookie . 
Business Law ... 
You're rippin ' up the dance floor < PROPFEMALE > , you shake your ass around for everyone ! I love the way you dance with anybody , and tease them all by suckin ' on your thumb ! 
doesn't want The Wedding Singer to be this weekend because she doesn't want to drive ! 
Cabaret with < PROPFEMALE > Minelli is fantastic ! 
Great faith debate anyone ? I can't believe hitchens came to beerville . Sweet . 
< PROPFIRST > Hitchens thought I was hawt . It's comforting to know I can attract badass intellectuals . 
Nickelback concert on Monday ! 
Anyone want to rent a room in gainesville for the summer ? 
Nickelback on my mind ... ^_^ 
Nickelback concert was AWESOME ! Got a guitar pick thrown directly at me by < PROPMALE > and danced on camera a bunch and got wooed by the audience ! Music was badass ... they can SERIOUSLY play ! 
My final exam in poly sci has to be 12 pages long . FML ! 
Today is official eat junk food and don't give a shit about the calories day . 
Gone poledancing . 
Oh silly 12 < PROPFEMALE > paper exam , why must you stand in the way of Europe and I ? 
is having a great time with just her friends on the cruise ! Thanks so much for the birthday wises ! 
Guess who is in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Oops it's Spain I was in . Pounds don't make sense . I got to drink apple beer at a bar ! 
Off to explore Alicante ( Spain ) . Hopefully some European heels are on the horizon ... ^_^ 
Barcelona was so beautiful ! SO studying abroad there one day ! 
One of these days I swear I'll develop a work ethic . 
I like living vicariously through everyone on my facebook . 
wants an iPad . 
Why is it that men who are the biggest losers and good-for-nothings are so ballsy ? 
Is in cocoa beach 
Ugh ... sooo much working ! Someone come see me ... 
Lovin ' life ! 
Astronomy professor = smokin ' . 
First day of classes ... and 300 pages of reading ! 
I'm gonna give myself a personal < PROPFIRST > on the back for nonstop studying and work ethic since I got into beerville last night . I mean , I've actually read the required stuff -a day- ahead . ^_^ Come on , you know you want to give me kudos . 
Oh to be a broke college student ... 
Go gators ! I'll be celebrating in a bikini later . 
Finally seeing the fruits of my labors ^_^ 
No , I don't want to \party . \ " < PROPFEMALE > thanks bye . " 
is a hooters girl ! 
Skinny jeans have the adjective \skinny\ " in the title for a damn good reason . Look in the mirror . " 
To all the people who think you know a person based on what you hear , you're all imbeciles . 
Not a good day . Apparently my professor doesn't know that constitutional liberalism encompasses rule of law and because I didn't specifically mention rule of law in a paper about military coup analysis I somehow only deserve a B- despite fluid writing and focused accurate argument . FML . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a bitch . 
Much better week . Thank you sexy boyfriend , awesome roommate . and A on astronomy exam . Now if I can just get my accounting exam and pompous authoritarian government professor to put out , then we're in the clear ! 
How to avoid campus attacks to go and vote : when they say \have you voted today ? \ " just nod and smile . Works like a charm . " 
Why is ramen so good ? 
I only go to Taco < PROPFEMALE > for the Dew . 
My brain has come back and I am back in town biznatch . 
How the hell can people live on 8 bucks an hour !?!? 
Okay world , time to get off my jock . KthanksBye . Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Note to world : if your genetics suck ass , don't freaking procreate . Kthanksbai . 
Please tell me how UF can get away with a 730am exam on a Saturday ?! I'm suing for pain and suffering . 
2 A's down-Comparative Politics and Statistics , 2 to go , and the last one was doomed anyways cause it's in Financial Accounting where you have to actually apply yourself . Pah . 
Don't hate just ' cause you can't . 
I'm a new staff writer for the < PROPMALE > Undergraduate International Affairs journal's new blog , The Diplomacist . Look for me in the spring ! 
