first my new years plans are demolished . then when i get a < PROPMALE > to get out of my house and have some fun , my lil sis has a melt down . sweet . =/ 

my feet hurt . 
tir < PROPMALE > . and got drivers < PROPMALE > today .... um ..... fun ?? 
i love sun .... but not so sure sun loves me !! =D super burned today !!! oops ...... 
dont kno what everyone was complainin about with drivers ed ..... i got to watch simpsons yesterday ... and goofy today !! =D 
my cousin once said .... ' youre as graceful as a retard ' ..... he was so right !! 
too tired to think straight !! 
im coming home , been gone for far too long 
i got a huge bruise on my knee from cheer camp haha . workin at the pool in an hour . and i think im goin to the fair =) 
valleyfair rocks !! but im happy to be home 
watchin a salamander for a week .... with my luck im gonna get bit .... that would suck 
almost didnt have to babysit today =( and workin 1-11 . come visit me in wc to help keep me awake =) 
one question , one < PROPMALE > , one honest answer . You can ask me one question ( to my inbox only ) any question , anything , no matter how crazy , dirty or wrong it is . No catch . But I dare u to post this to ur status and see what ppl ask u ! 
day started out crappy .... found out elle couldnt come out today .... ethan didnt wanna come down ... got mad at some of my friends ..... but ended up havin a blast .... got some new bruises ..... and talkin to my peeps that i havent seen in MONTHS !!!!! 
happy . even as things are falling apart around the things that matter most stand strong . =] 
mwah ha ha =] tomorrow is gonna rock !!! 
practice was pretty good . i gotta work today . people come visit me !!!! elle is a very good baby sitter !! 
ugh !!! 
ugh !!! i cant freakin sleep cause of my stupid frickin wrist !!!! it feels like its broken but if it is i swear im gonna kill someone !!!!! 
ugh my wrist hurts sooooooooo bad . i got 2 hours of sleep . today is gonnna SUCK 
why can 1 pictured bring back sooooooo many memories ?? 
how can 1 picture bring back soooo many memories ?? 
its ok boys . bounce back next week !! 
why did school have to be soooo boring ?? i would have liked to explode something or even play a real song ! 
last night was fun . i wish everynight was like that =) 
tired of it all .... not sure what to do !!! :/ 
i dont wanna use crutches tomorrow !!!!!!!! sorry cheerleaders but it doesnt look good for me 
tired of the pain . tired of the drs . tired of feeling helpless 
cant sleep . cant eat . cant walk . could things be worse ?? at least i got surgery in 5 hours . text me or something . 
lalalala 
i feel like dancing . but i dont have a partner =( 
machines are makin me mad . and im still waiting for a dance partner =D 
that was the best algebra review ever !!! and now i am eating a snack pack . thanks guys =) haha 
goin to work on my night off . LAME !!!! 
so out of shape . gotta work on that 
doesnt wanna go back to work . would rather work on her physics project . 
<3 my mind has been boggled <3 
you know that sleep thing ?? aint gonna be happening . 
muahhaha !! i gots me a laptop !!! love it !! 
the world came crashin down around me yesterday .... and today im feel like dancin agian ..... things will be ok =D 
chillin like a villlain , not really . just got home from the hotel , and gettin ready for a night at work . sucky , but ill live 
thanksgiving is over , now christmas threw up all over my house . 
hates it when the ex calls you expectin you to want to chill with them . so not frickin cool 
its complicated ... 
yay !!!!! 
yay no work til friday . yay school done tomorrow . yay seein my fam later this week . yay in general i gues =) 
homework . concert . homework . bed . christmas break tomorrow !! 
ugh so tired , sick of hurting , cant wait for break !! 
the weather better behave !! if i dont get to stay at a hotel tomorrow night , or go see the new chipmunk movie , im gonna be one crabby girl !! haha =D 
\i ya wanna get married put a ring on it\ " hahaha that movie was funny !! " 
\if ya wanna get married put a ring on it\ " hahaha that movie was funny !! " 
just got off work . now i get to chill at home . < PROPFEMALE > christmas =D 
i AM more than jsut a pretty frickin face !! if YOU cant see that then quit pretending you do and get out of my life !!! 
I JUST LOST THE GAME !!!!! =/ haha 
My internet is having a mental breakdown !!! itll work one second , the next itll be down . itll be down anywhere from an hour to 24 hours !!! ugh !! 
sometimes i just hate minnesota . stupid icy roads . stupid ditch that i spent the last hour in ! o well im home , and im goin to bed . 
ditch last night . then stabbed myself in the foot . and wake up sick . then my internet didnt work this morning . ugh . sooo not leavin my house today , ill get hit by a bus . 
got past the worst part of stopping the pop . if anyone sees me with a pop take it away from me !!!! * please * <3 
still feel like im dying ..... thinkin im not goin to school again ..... 
tired of being sick . but really excited for this year . dc in february , chicago in april , disney world whenever my mom can get vacay . * EXCITED * 
purple 
<3 LOVE ~ a wildly misunderstood , although highly desirable , malfunction of the heart , which weakens the brain , causes eyes to < PROPFEMALE > , cheeks to glow , blood pressure to rise , and lips to pucker !! <3 
bowling tomorrow with my geeky peeps ?? haha TOTALLY !!! plus card games , and watchin triton kick some butt haha 
the science olympiad team rides the short bus . anyone see anything wrong with this ?? 
for those brave enough to venture outside , it is icy !! believe it or not , we had a reason to have school canceled . 
workin on the bridge for physics , over half done . then in an attempt to be helpful , i broke my vacuum cleaner :/ oops 
great . i now smell like pickles . 
¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸VIKINGSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤GOº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „VIKINGSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° GO°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸VIKINGSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤GOº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „VIKINGSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° GO°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸VIKINGSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø KEEP THE WAVE GOING ! 
haha my mom is already pacing in anticipation for this game .... and i was laughing at her .... so she Gibb smacked me !!! hahahahaha 
seriously . my mom just said that vikings shirts should come with vallium . 
takin whatever i get on the bridge today . no more exacto knives or hot glue guns . my hands cant take anymore !! actually they prolly can , but yea they hurt . 
seriously . sliced my finger with an exacto knife this morning . had a long day of tryin to not use my hand . then fell in my drive way . um ow . 
you say one thing to one person who misinterprets it and tells everyone something else making them think the wrong thing . great . 
super tired . and sick of high school . i want it to be over !! 
yay it finally came !! <3 
when i go to florida im going to go scuba diving at epcot . 6 MILLION gallons of water ..... and i get a free t shirt haha 
go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
\MOM !!! \ " \ " MOM DOEASNT LIVE HERE ANYMORE !!! \ " WWWWWAAAAAAAAHHHHHH !!!! gotta love living in a house with little kids " 
best of luck to the science olympiad . have fun kicking butt . i wish i could go . 
was gonna do homework . changed mind . packing for florida and washington sounded way more fun 
sick of being stuck at home . snow needs to stop . and ppl need to text me . 
i miss summer ......... 
i got a hot date with hot guy < PROPMALE > on saturday at noon . haha excited ?? hells yea !! 
only an hour and a half left !!!!!!!! 
kinda sorta pretty much love this movie . even if it is old . 
cheesecake for breakfast ?? i think so !! 
no one had better be mad at me for taking time off of work !! working these stupid hours had better count for something !! 
one day of school .... then off to DC !!! 
yaaaaaay CHEESECAKE !!!!!!! 
for anyone that cares .... i didnt die . haha have fun at school =D and work !! 
o my goodness i wish so many people were here with me enjoyin this crazyness !!!! its so amazing . between the people we meet and the things we see and do , once in a lifetime !!! 
mmmmm pretty sure i dont wanna be here . 
im cold . i miss dc . i miss all the amazing people i met . anyone from nylf/ns thinking gylc ?? 
haha wow kid =D not stuck up at are we ?? 
feelin the love haha 
I JUST GOT A SOUTHERNER TO SAY YOU GUYS !!!! 
funny how a message from a person you knew for a week can make or break you night . lucky for me .... tonight it was for the better =D 
\No points for second place \"" 
i am now from missouri !!! 
i may actually kinda like my fiance !!! who'da thought ?!? 
\I can't speak english !! \ " Fynn . \ " I can't speak symbols !! \ " < PROPFEMALE > " 
\Pain is weakness leaving the body \"" 
my boytoy is adorable !!! 
i swear i love being sick for a week straight . i really do . UGH !!!! 
i miss dc . 
run run run run . maybe i can chill after the concerts tonight . one can only hope . 
ahhhh moony missiles !!!! 
vacation starts today !!!! no more school or work for about 2 weeks !!!! excited ?? i think so !!!! 
I AM ON A PLANE AS I TYPE !!!! 
AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH SHE'S SNORING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
FLORIDA !!!!!! LOVIN THE WARM !!!! 
that IS my cannon !! 
Now there's a site you rarely see ....... THE BACKSIDE OF WATER !!!!! 
sitting in dennys waiting for my omlette . spending the day at daytona beach and international speedway . wooo . have fun in school friends !! =D 
Hunter-It looks like a desert !!! Mom-Except for the ocean . 
i have had ' Im on a boat ' stuck in my head all day . o did i mention i was also on a boat all day ?? 
FML !!!!!! this can NOT be happening to me again !!!!!!! 
having the best conversation with 3 of the best people i have ever met !!! 
im back . now is the time for reality to kick in =/ 
i am dating < PROPMALE > RamboPan !!! i am sooooo lucky !!!!! 
i love doing the dishes when i can barely stand up . its < PROPFEMALE > fun !! 
i miss my boo :( 
hmm interesting . good to know he cares so much . HA !!! 
for anyone that wants to know .... im not having hip surgery . i was too active in florida and now every muscle and tendon in my hip except my ham string is inflamed . so yea . nothin to bad . 
eeeep !!! best news ever !!!!! super excited for april 23rd !!!! 
IT LIVES !!! BAHAHA !! 
\I'll be there for you . These 5 words I swear to you . When you breathe I want to be the air for you . I'll be there for you . I'd live and I'd die for you . Steal the sun from the sky for you . Words can't say what love can do . I'll be there for you . \"" 
hmmmm act tomorrow . should be interesting haha 
longest test of my life !!! and i may have to do it again !!! UGH !!!!! 
really beiswanger ?? i spend that much time in there .... and got 1 problem done !!! how does that make sense ?!? thanks for the help . jerk . 
\I don't think that you wanna be a part of me . I don't think you wanna see the deeper darker side of me . I don't think that your ready for reality . I don't think you wanna see the deeper darker side of me !! \ " Veer Union " 
charging my phone has now become an < PROPMALE > form . or a science . whichever you prefer . it needs to be placed at precisely the right < PROPFEMALE > , hanging over the edge of the table just right , and nobody can touch it . when someone texts me , i repeat the process . 
woooo go me !!! im hyped !!! great day at school and only a week left !!! wooooooooo 
i am now republican . cause i am not against guns . gotta love the logic of a southerner 
62 hours till he gets here !!!!!!!!!! 
wow !! most productive night in a long time !! didnt quite finish physics , but made a huge dent , cleaned some , and did a lot of history and chemistry . plus got to talk to mr. adorable lol . <3 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > White is a crazy , amazing , funny , adorable man that i cant wait to see on friday !!!! 
seriously in the process of doing the hardest thing I have ever done . 
ugh just got my act scores back :( 
seriously . 
ugh sooooooooo tired !!! but i think things are finally straightened out !!!! yay 
DODGE the father . \ 
RAM the daughter . \ 
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
ummm ....... whats going on here ?!? things just arent making sense right now !! 
and its only just the beginning ...... 
Hate me if you want to , love me if you can 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
they'll shout it real loud . she'll make her momma real proud . she'll stand about the crowd . I am someone . Look what I've done . stare into the sun . i am a shooting sun . 
really ?? 
ugh soooo tired !!!! 
HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY !!!!! pray for all the troops , all the vets , and those that passed away , and those that are going into the military . 
cant wait till this summer !!!!! FLORIDA !! AND < PROPFEMALE > !!! AND ZACH !!! AND CABIN !!!! OMG yay 
hmmmmmm .......... learning to drive a < PROPMALE > . interesting . 
this is gettin better haha 
almost starting to like drivin the < PROPMALE > haha . didnt do a burn out today tho lol 
:( 
I'm stupid . 
:D 
mmmmmm enchilladas !!! 
yay I did good driving the < PROPMALE > today wooooo 
hmmm confused ?? Maybe a little 
storm got me out of work early !! Woooo !! Plus I gots my homies checkin up on me :) I feel loved 
will today be anything like yesterday ?? I hope so 
according to jayden I am a super hero and a body builder !! 
he is truly amazing . How did I get this lucky ?? 
had a long talk by the bon fire . Now campin out in the back yard . Woot woot LOVIN THIS !!!!!! 
tired ?? More than a little . Happy ?? Heallz yes !! 
god blessed the broken road , and led me straight to you 
leavin for florida on monday !!! Excited !!! But a little bitter sweet 
he thinks I'm pretty , he thinks I'm smart . He likes my nerve and he loves my heart . He's always saying he's my biggest fan . My baby loves me just the way that I am . 
needs sleep !! But cant !! Ugh !! 
3 hours till I leave !!!! Wooooooooo 
currently at checkpoint 1 . Next stop carribu . Then the airport . Yea yea 
minneapolis all alone ?? Don't like it . 
FLORIDA !!!!!!!! 
gay guy in a speedo . I've always wanted a gay best friend . Haha he was very nice 
lake placid life guards want me to move here just to be on the swim team and dive team hahaha 
sleeping on the couch has my back screwed up and I just got bit in the face . That's cool 
seriously ?? Even the dogs won't come near me tonight . What did I do ?!? 
I'm goin to the ocean !!!!!!!!!! Woooooooooooooo 
hocus pocus jokus ride . Come take a spin on a carnie ride 
nearly killed my phone last night . Thank god for rice haha . I get to see my bestie tomorrow !!! Wooooooo 
LESS THAN 4 HOURS TILL I SEE MY BESTIE !!!!!!!!! 1 WEEK WITH HER !!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!! And no comments about my accent on that haha 
me and my bestie been rockin out to music !! 
I just lost the game 
bowling with the lightest balls we could find . O yea we ballin lol 
I fit in here !! My besties friends are all geeks too yay !! 
playin dress up wit my bestie . I miss those days when this is what all little girls did . I feel pretty haha 
I'm goin to atlanta !! Only 2 more full days with my bestie . We gonna have some fun 
1 more night with my bestie . Ima miss her hella but I miss my bed 
officially back in minnesota . What to do what to do 
\i still don't know what this is . It looks like a lump . The < PROPFEMALE > lump\ " gotta love my mom " 
congrats < PROPFIRST > on the job at american eagle 
seriously . Drunk people are fun to watch , not to be hit on by 
had an amazing night last night with an amazing man . im super happy he got to come see me <3 
a blast from the past . one person shows up and brings back all the memories , the good and the bad . never thought it would be like that . 
as fine as frog hairs lol 
he truly makes it all better 
perfect day , horrible night . i swear to god i am staying single for a long fricken time this time . 
complete and total meltdown . nothing beautiful about this mess . 
o how i adore my friends , they are there to pick up the pieces that have fallen . 
\the cash register is hitting on me\ " \ " you mean the cashier\ " \ " thanks for calling me a cash register \"" 
I'm on a horse . 
I'm more than just an option . hey , hey , hey . refuse to be forgotten . hey , hey , hey . I took a < PROPMALE > with my heart . hey , hey , hey . Too bad now it's over . 
on my way to mankato for vikes training camp 
drove all the way to MSU . In a standard . Go me !! 
pictures of 3 of our 4 quarter backs and < PROPFIRST > webs signature . 
some people just need to grow up . Seriously . 
I cross my heart , and promise to give all I've got to give to make all your dreams come true . In all the world , you'll never find , a love as true , as mine . 
sirens already went off . Tonight is gonna be a looooong night at work . :( not gonna be fun 
misses when things were simple ..... 
hates being extremely exhausted then when I lie down can't sleep . Sooo tired 
chillin with my favorite cuz . Parade tomorrow . And movies on monday . Woo woo things are goin good 
can't wait till tomorrow :) 
watching the hangover . With my mom . Wow . 
tomorrow is gonna be BUSY . And hopefully fun fun fun 
insomnia sucks !! 
2 hours of sleep . Legs hurt so bad I could barely walk . Ran my dog . Working . Movies hopefully tonight . Looooong day . Maybe I'll finally get some sleep 
not exactly how I planned this but it's all good 
today was awesome . Not exactly what I had planned but awesome none the less . I think I'm gonna sleep goooooood tonight 
first time in a long time that I've been this happy . 
me and my amazing gracefulness cut open the bottom of my foot yestrday . Now it hurts . 
I am sometimes surprised by people . They sometimes do things you quit expecting a looooooong time ago 
car talk . I'm lost . 
last night was fun !! 
woohoo salsa and banana bread !! I feel like a chef !! 
stupid smart phone !! 
busy day . My favorite kind . Orientation . Workin at the pool . Raced home for food . Spendin the night at shannons to babysit in the morning . Woo woo . 
I love Jayden < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . She is the cutst little girl I know . 
I was so excited and I didn't even know it . Now I don't know what's gonna happen :/ 
on days that i actually feel pretty ... nothing to do but go to work . fun . 
sad day . < PROPFIRST > was adopted and not by us :( 
hopefully I can get my stupid smart phone fixed today !! 
strange day . 
< PROPFIRST > + scissors = bad news 
it's not that I can't wake up this early it's that I have no reason to for another week . It's sooo boring to just sit here that I fall back asleep 
half my face is numb !! Ahhhh !! Haha it's kinda funny 
dentist this morning . Thank you < PROPFIRST > for bringing me on short notice . And thank you < PROPMALE > for making amazing food once again . Even if it did hurt to eat it . And I drove a racecar home !! It was great !! 
rough start but amazing finish . Exciting game boys . Lets have a good season !! 
all you'll ever need to fix anything is either duct tape or wd-40 . if it moves and it shouldnt use duct tape . if it doesnt move and it should use wd-40 . 
scooter gang . Seriously ?? Old people on scooters came to the store . And circled the pumps like they were gonna do a drive by !! Seriously the funniest thing ever !! 
dang < PROPFEMALE > . Way to make my head hurt . Thanks for squishing my head between yours and the concrete . Awesome . 
couldnt think of a better way to end summer . baseball with my little people . tech talk . old music . glowing by the light of a black light . pretty dang good day . senior year here we come . 
pretty good day at school . Killer headache . Long night at work . Lets hope I can make this work !!! 
everyone take a moment of silence to remember that fateful day 9 years . NEVER FORGET !! 
on a brighter note ... getting a puppy today !! On our way now to get her !! Can't wait to meet < PROPFEMALE > !! 
thoughts running through my mind . trying to keep them all straight . at least i have a lot of homework to distract me . 
definitely a good day . got a lot done . dang phone didnt work till 9 tho :( missed out on a lot of potential texting lol 
freshman tailgating tomorrow !! hope to see all of you there !! 
has spent HOURS on these papers . all of a sudden after < PROPFIRST > left this morning they all came to me . only 2 out of 5 left !!!! 
no homework ? something must be wrong . 
I found a typo in my history book . does that make me a geek ?? 
hmm just found another typo in a book . should i be worried ? 
i have no more homework to do ..... im lost !!! 
cant wait for tonight !!!! 
what a night 
I like it on the bed 
orange juice . chili . and the new karate kid . amazing night when you feel like crap 
=D thats all i have to say . 
are ya ready for some football ?!? i am !!! no more homework for tonight !!! yay !! 
This is Sparta !!! And we have a bicycle museum !!! lol 
i missed school today to sleep all day in the car . got to spend some time in the hot tub . now goin off to explore milwaukee . woo woo 
had a decent night . but my mind is officially muddled . thought i knew what i wanted , then things had to change . o well i will figure things out , i normally do 
I'm always so busy . And I love every minute of it . Bon fire/haunted walk last night . babysitting and jazz band and football game today . Babysitting my fave 2 girl tomorrow . =D I can't wait !! 
i got to sleep in today !! until almost 8 o clock !! 
Seriously . 
Shinedown . November 27 with < PROPFIRST > Bowers !! Can't wait !! 
Shock the world boys ! 
Chip quote of the day \where'd you get eyes and nose-ballses ?! \"" 
I'm always busy ! But I love every minute of it !! I get to meet awesome people and do things that many people never even dream of doing . However , it takes a lot out of me . DAAANG I am TIIIIIIRED !! 
My goodness ! My brother has a girlfriend ! 
Well , I've never been good at history\ 
And I don't give a crap about < PROPFIRST > E . Lee . \ 
When it comes to cosines , \ 
I know a thing or two\ 
And i kicked a ** on the test about me and you . \ 
You . \ 
Plus sign . \ 
Me . \ 
Equal sign . \ 
Us . 
snow . why couldn't you have waited until tomorrow ?? 
i forgot my necklace at his house =( i miss it already and its only been 15 minutes . sad . 
I get the vague impression that football is kind of important to Triton . Conferences and school board meeting postponed , and school out early . excited for the DOME !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > and Connor Rock !! < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Roll !! < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > are Ready to Rumble !! Add them together with a bunch of their friends ... COBRA ATTACK !!! 
I cant believe that next friday is my last high school football game ever . 
Christmas has once again vomitted in my house ( your welcome < PROPFEMALE > ) 
=D pretty good day if i must say so myself . however all of the references to the movie Psycho when i am alone in a hotel room SUCK !! 
Happy turkey day everyone !! Can't wait until tomorrow !! Good Luck Boys !!! 
Thank you Dad and < PROPFEMALE > for making tonight possible . Thank you < PROPFIRST > for making tonight absolutely amazing . <3 
30 hours of sleep in the past 2 days . and yet walking the stairs still reduces me to a lump on the couch for hours . UGH !!! what is wrong with me ?!? why can't i get better ?!? 
influenza . it would happen to me . anyways i hope ill be back on tuesday !! 
finally got enough energy to do something . even if it is just minimal amounts of homework . next week is going to be the craziest week ever !! 
I feel so much more relaxed now that I have chosen a college . Yay !! 
Long day today . I'm wiped . But completely and totally worth it !!!! 
When it feels like the world is crashing down around me , I try to hold myself together to be there for those that need it . Just sometimes I need a little time to myself . 
great weather for shoveling !!!! even if i did get hit in the face with a snowball by the neighbor kid !! 
omygoodness !! 22 < PROPFIRST > koontz books !!! and a giant mouse !! and a big box of ramen noodles !!! and many other things !! i love my family so much !!! <3 
gotta love crossbow nerf fights in the basement !!! 
U * plus sign * ME * equal sign * UP 
woo woo i found all 4 of the people i met today !!!! it was great fun !!!! hopefully state ???? find out tomorrow !!!! 
yay state for BPA !!! 
I KISSED A GOAT !! again !! :) 
Had an absolutely amazing weekend . Met some new people , tried new things , got to know people better . Couldn't think of a better way to spend my time . Thank you everyone that made this trip possible !! 
Dance party with the little siblings and the dogs !! Was quite fun =D My dog got moves !! 
Welcome to the wonderful world of jealousy . For the price of admission , you get a splitting headache , a nearly irresistible urge to commit murder , and an inferiority complex . Yippee . 
Welcome to the second half of the last year of high school ! Holy crap ! Gotta enjoy it while it lasts cause it's almost over ! 
\You know when you cry you look like a gargoyle right ? \"" 
Whats a 6g ? Whats a beiber ? Idk but it kinda looks like a girl 
He's my < PROPFIRST > on the down low ! Haha 
Woooooo I got an iPhone !!!! Day made !!! 
I get to go see me amazing cousin kick some butt today !!! Cant wait !!!! 
My cousin did a twisted lay out just for me !!!! That girl is amazing !!!! 
The rabbits in < PROPFEMALE > are messing with my moms head !! They keep changing color !! 
Science olympiad has got to be the greatest thing ever !!! 
Had a truly great night with a great person !!! 
After a crazy morning and some close calls with my kindle , we are finally off to michigan . Have fun at school everyone :) 
I out scienced my science teacher today !! 
