What an amazing night last night was !!! 

Class at 9 then cleaning the boat and maybe the Z car ... 
beyond exhausted and too tired to make dinner :'( 
Friday : Redfish Beware !!! 
\They call me The Cooler King\ " - < PROPMALE > McQueen " 
Dear Dad , thank you for always being there for me when I needed you , for helping me up after I fell , and for teaching me about the important things in life . No kid in the world could have had a better father than I do . I can only hope that one day I will 
Writing a paper on why Batman is not actually a superhero but rather a crazy guy with a lot of really awesome toys 
There comes a day in every person's life when they realize what a fool they have been for not standing up and fighting for something they care so much about . 
Of course I have three tests today . It just would not be the greatest most super fantastic Monday ever if I had no homework . UGH and GRRR 
Friggin shoulder is killing me . Laying in bed writhing in pain ... 
I hear the silence coming , a thunderous wave of reticence . 
Headache from hell . Laying down . 
brownie batter blizzards are the most amazing thing ever !!! 
Class then finally a haircut 
Flounder giggin ' . Home round 4 this morning . 
Watching the FIFA Confederations Cup Final USA vs Brazil . 
Bed then up early to go fish . 
Ready for the beach !!! 
Finally made it home . Class in the morning then fishing after :) 
Beer Pong tonite on the most awesome table ever built !!!!!!!!!! 
My heart is your piñata . 
My heart was your piñata , and you beat it til it burst .... Gone fishing . 
You ever waited a few years to get your eyes examined ? You get your new lenses and your like man , I can see again !! How can instantly improved vision not be at the top of your to do list ? lol gone to the eye doctor . 
\And so it is : Lovers belong together like the trellis and the grape ; each is incomplete without the other . \ " - Story of Vertumnus and Pomona " 
Beach later 
I'm such a mystery , as anyone can see , there isn't anybody else exactly quite like me . 
Happy Anniversary < PROPFEMALE > Landing !!! 
Happy Birthday Pops !!!! Hows it feel to really be older than dirt ? haha 
\My curse is to always be behind . No matter what I do I just cannot seem to get ahead . Life for me is moving slower with each passing day . My friends are well in front of me and the harder I try to catch up the greater the distance grows between us . It se " 
Its been a long long time coming but its time for me to go . 
Bed then up to work at 430 . IHML 
Tired . Been tired all weekend ... 
Tigers love pepper ... they hate cinnamon 
Driving time is not karaoke time . Stop clapping your hands and shaking your head because you are not a rockstar . Your stupid , crazy antics almost killed me and I would greatly appreciate it if you would ride a bike from now on . Thank you . 
Think I'm getting sick ... :( 
Just got off work ... sucks that I have to go back in seven hours :'( 
At work . 
Feeling like somebody stomped a mudhole in me . Wish I could crawl into bed for a week . 
lunch then a super nap 
studying 
Bed . Final . < PROPMALE > to get a car . 
\And if it weren't for < PROPFEMALE > and pretty senoritas I'd have no reason to stay\ " - Zac Brown Band " 
Oh I wish i had a pencil thin moustache !!! 
Mowing the grass . 
Getting the boat ready . The Red Drum are biting and I've got that itch . 
Rushing around just to wait ... 
Going to friggin work . Might be home by 3 . 
Monday and Tuesday off = Gone Fishing 
SHRIMP AND GRITS !!!!!!!! 
Finally a day off . Slipping into a coma for the entire day . 
Finalizing my school preparations 
Dinner with mom and dad 
Commence to jigglin ' 
Working on the Grifton baseball field , then a night of pong on the < PROPFIRST > Dome . 
Going to bed til the sun goes down . 
if the rain would stop i shall attend this ball game/cookout 
Playing poker , trying to stop the losing streak ... trying . 
washing clothes and stuff 
Cookout 
Sick of sitting around and waiting ... 
Papa < PROPFIRST>'s then getting ready for my 11am class in the morning . 
Throwing away my map like I was told ;) Hopes I don't get lost . 
Back to school , back to school , to prove to dad that I am not a fool . Got my lunch pack up , my boots tied tight , I hope I don't get into a fight . OHHH back ... to ... school ... 
oh boy 
pretty tired 
So when Professor O'Cools has trivia night remember that \General Knowledge\ " questions are \ " generally\ " NOT \ " known\ " by the \ " general\ " public . Friggin ECU professors ... like a team of supercomputers ... i hate them " 
Already writing a paper . What the heck man . 
Finshed a paper , time to sleep . 
Sweet talking an old lady so that she will give me UNC basketball tickets right behind the players . 
If failing to plan is planning to fail then doesn't that mean you achieved your goal ? Think about it . 
Home for a sec then back to class 
Anthropology homework . Shoot me in the face . 
Studying Western European Democracies then out . 
The < PROPMALE > Hefner Guitar Hero commercial brings a tear to my eye everytime I see it . 
Do not dwell in the past for the future looks brighter with every passing second . 
Enjoying my shake from COOKOUT :) 
So bored with studying 
Wish I could fast foward past tomorrow . 
Setting up my treestand and getting my hunting license . 
Drinking grog with the rest of the pirate nation . AAARRGH !!!! 
Friggin exhausted . Going to bed . 
lunch with the peeps 
Going insane . 
Cookout then class . 
Let it be . 
I'm not myself today , maybe I'm you . 
Way to suck it up < PROPFIRST > Collins , you haven't changed . 
Just drowned my friggin cell phone . Trying to get it working :( 
RIP cell phone 9-12-09 . You will be missed . 
wish i had a phone 
watching two ball games and trying to study 
If you get struck by lightning odds are it was your fault . 
getting the boat ready 
Well football is off to a terrific start . ( Delhomme sucks ) Looking foward to Late Night with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > at the < PROPFIRST > Dome now . 
\If I could only be free from the torment you put me through . \ " HJ " 
Confused and troubled ... 
Going to bed and dreaming of the massive amounts of money that will be deposited into my checking account sometime between one and two :) 
Watching the Yankees . Maybe they won't blow the lead tonite . 
Hurt my thumb :( 
Well < PROPFIRST > I think its already time to get someone up in the bullpen . Bottom of the first and looking like a blowout . 
Are you kidding me the yankees should start every game down four runs . Its the only way any other team has a < PROPMALE > . 
So i deff was the only student to show up for my study group tonite . Hope the < PROPFEMALE > tells my professor and just gives me a freakin A . PLEASE !!! please ... please ??? 
Trying to watch football , basketball , baseball , and study . Should be interesting . 
It hurts that I can do nothing ... 
Watching the Tar Heels then the Colts . 
getting ready for the game tonite 
Who dat ... who dat say dey gonna beat dem Saints ? 
life has me down 
Can't believe im pulling for Dook but I hate those cocky Big Ten punks 
The Dookies let me down !!! WHAT THE HECK ??? 10 years without a loss in this challenge and they lose to the Badgers ? Nature's pissed off retarded bear cousin ? All you Dookies should burn your team apparel and just cry yourselves to sleep . UNC had a bunch of rookies and handed it to last year's runner up team . I'm ashamed to even pull for a team that is in the same conference as Dook . DOOK SUCKS !!!! 
Wish I could just disappear ... 
If I could leave this place today I'd be gone without ever looking back . 
I don't care what you might think about me , you'll get by without me if you want . I could be the one to take you home . Baby we could rock the night alone and we never get down it wouldn't be the let down , but sugar don't forget what you already know . I could be the one to turn you out . We could be the talk across the town . Don't judge it by the color , confuse it for another or You might regret what you let slip away . 
The one good thing that comes from the Panthers not having a quarterback is that the Vikings have a better < PROPMALE > of winning . Go Favre !!! 
All you need is love . 
Haha . < PROPMALE > Delhomo pack your bags . < PROPMALE > Moore is taking your spot !!! 
Hey , thanks for being the worst kind of person . 
Feeling pretty good today ... 
what a crappy day for football the panthers were the only bright spot and i feel sure the vikings wil lose tomorrow ... 
watching jurassic park 
At least the Tar Heels won tonite . #2 seed in the NFC is still up for grabs . Way to blow the game Peterson ... 
Looking at lab pups tomorrow then getting my stuff together for the Columbia trip . 
Haven't posted in awhile . Hope I haven't been missed too much . 
Man , I really miss my iPod :( 
UNC with a win streak :) 
Who says you gotta be old to miss the good ol days ? 
Friggin bump on my eyelid is killing me !!! 
Watching basketball and reading Rush's broadcast for today . 
I've never pulled for a red team in my entire life but I hope Big Red spanks the Wildcats tonite ! 
Them < PROPFEMALE > League cheerleaders were the best part of the first half . 
Bed somewhat early . Church in the morning then fishing until work . 
Facebook continues to thank me for getting many of my friends to join . How bout send me on a vacation to show your thanks facebook instead of just writing me a little note . 
I can't remember all the times I tried to tell myself to hold on to these moments as they pass ... 
Ready for the game tonite . Haven't punched the door in awhile hopefully won't have to tonite either . 
GO HEELS !!! 
Getting ready for work ... what a bore it shall be :( 
Working then taking the dogs to the creek to throw the dummy . 
Beer , pizza , and my UNC Tar Heels !!! What more could I possibly need ? 
Nothing better than the smell of fresh cut grass > 
Sometimes , when one person is missing , the whole world seems depopulated . ~ Lamartine . Just finished breaking my hand , trying to take the edge off . 
I'm tired of screwin ' up , tired of goin ' down , tired of myself , tired of this town ... Buy me a drink , sing me a song , take me as I come ' cause I can't stay long ... 
I want you to want ... me - CT 
:) 
Look at all the morons getting their cars washed ... they will be covered in pollen by this afternoon ... idiots !!! 
Way to go Dookies the Rat cheated his way to another championship . 
What a horrible night in so many ways . 
whatever ... 
< PROPFIRST > Payne the Masters Chairman had a great speech today . Very eloquent . 
Go away from my window , leave at your own chosen speed . I'm not the one you want , babe I'm not the one you need . < PROPMALE > 
\Thou < PROPMALE > to me a delicious torment . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Gonna be sad for about twenty hours I guess ... 
watching < PROPMALE > eastwood in pale rider while thinking about you :) 
Cooking some of the best ribs in the world !!! I really should open my own restaurant . 
:( 
Unsuccessfully trying to sleep ... 
Tiger's back in red . Lookout !!! 
BE THE RIGHT CLUB TODAY !!! 
waiting on this world to change 
Love is a verb , you have to do it , you have to show it . 
Bed then work then < PROPMALE > Fest tomorrow night . 
watching this chick try and make me a cake haha 
Legally bought my first case of beer at 12:01 haha 
Thanks everyone 
East Coast for pitchers of beer wings and endless chips 
I just wish one time that things could work out the way I want them to . Just once . :( 
\Everyone has flaws . Its just a matter of finding someone who appreciates those flaws and loves you for them . \ " - MS :) " 
Its not who you are underneath , but what you do that defines you . 
I may not be here when you call , so , best be giving your all . 
I've always wondered if my life would have been better if I hadn’t met you , but then I think of what my life would have been like if I hadn’t . 
We are all puppets , I'm just the puppet that can see the strings ... 
Can I have just one more moonlight dance with you my love ? 
I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself ... a bird will fall frozen dead from a limb without ever feeling sorry for itself . 
Crazy Crazy Crazy . Soooo glad I made it home ok . 
summertime means popcicles by the ton :) 
getting some stuff packed and getting ready 
I pray that this broken road will lead to you . 
Every little thing is going to be alright . 
Just the thought of you can drive me wild , oh you make me smile . 
laying ... trying not to make my sunburn angry ... 
I give up . 
Hope is nothing but an illusion . 
I got nothing 
Out 
If only wishes came true ... 
I'm rolling thunder and falling rain . 
I may not be here when you call ... 
Ridiculous 
If I didn't have bad luck I wouldn't have any luck at all . 
So here's your holiday . Hope you enjoy it this time . 
I saw a werewolf drinking a pina colada at Trader Vic's ... his hair was perfect . 
After eating an entire bull , a mountain lion felt so good he started roaring . He kept it up until a < PROPMALE > came along and shot him . The moral : When you're full of bull , keep your mouth shut . 
\Life is simply a matter of deciding what is important to you . \"" 
I think the door just dislocated my pinky ... 
Can't seem to do anything right . 
\I ain't ever had a lucky break . \ " HG " 
Get busy living or get busy dying . 
You never lose by loving . You always lose by holding back . 
One day at a time -- this is enough . Do not look back and grieve over the past for it is gone ; and do not be troubled about the future , for it has not yet come . Live in the present , and make it so beautiful it will be worth remembering . 
Tonite , bourbon is my only friend ; I shall cradle this bottle until it rocks me to sleep . 
Dear Dad , \ 
\ 
Thanks for being the best father anyone could ever hope to have , for always being there with a solution for all my problems , for all the fishing trips and for showing me how every man ought to act . I hope one day to be half the man you are and I will be lucky if I turn out to be one fourth the father you have been to me . Thanks again for everything you do and have a great Father's day . \ 
Love , Your Son 
\Stop following your passion ... start carrying your passion with you . \"" 
There is only one rain cloud in the sky ... and it's raining on me . Somehow I am not surprised . 
GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLL !!!!!!! 
Overtime 
Grilled cheese 
Getting my fishing stuff together 
I'm at the beach and you are not :P 
over it 
And in this crazy life , and through these crazy times it's you , it's you , you make me sing . You're every line , you're every word , you're everything . 
Laten we gaan Holland ! España está cayendo ! 
ROAD TRIP !!! 
You got more issues than a magazine . 
Four rules every guy should follow when it comes to women : Rule # 1 - Find a woman who can cook . Rule # 2 - Find a woman who is < PROPMALE > . Rule # 3 - Find a woman who is absoluely gorgeous . Rule # 4 - Make sure these women never find out about each other . 
Ladies its official : cheerleading is not a sport as ruled by a federal judge . Sorry :P 
playin wii 
Reading in the porch swing . 
i < PROPFEMALE > your heart with me ( i < PROPFEMALE > it in my heart ) i am never without it ( anywhere\ 
i go you go , my dear ; and whatever is done by only me is your doing , my darling ) i fear no fate ( for you are my fate , my sweet ) i want no world ( for beautiful you are my world , my true love ) and it's you are whatever a < PROPFEMALE > has always meant and whatever a sun will always sing is you 
sooo hot 
Farewell and adieu to you fair Spanish ladies , farewell and adieu to you ladies of Spain . For we've recieved orders to sail back to Boston , we hope in a short time to see you again . 
ready for christmas break 
How I've missed the rants of < PROPFIRST > Beck on my breaks 
Ready for the hurricane 
Mama , don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys . They never stay home and they're always alone , even with someone they love . 
Anthropology + dark room x movie = sleepy time 
Gonna play a little golf on my day off . 
Let's go VIKINGS !!!!!!! 
Going to bed early . 
Anthropology then looking for paint before work . 
Dude in front of me please take a bath . Those around you have noticed you have been a bit smelly lately . We appreciate it . Have a blessed day . 
Hey you with the umbrella the size of my hand ... I do believe it is time for an upgrade . 
Thank the powers that be for teachers who live too far away to make it to class !!! 
Waiting never gets you anything . 
Pirates pull one out of their ass and the Yankees sweep the Twins !!! What a great night . 
Are you ready for some FOOTBALL !!!! 
I wish I had the money to donate to the ECU football team for a sweet ass tractor trailer truck like the NCSU one that just pulled up to the stadium . LETS GO PIRATES !!!! AAAARRRRGGGGGHHHH !!! 
If you don't vote you can't complain . Early voting going on now , get out and make a difference ! 
Only users lose drugs . 
Do not dress like you are going jogging and then jog to Krispey Kreme ... that is not how exercising works and you are not fooling anyone . 
“The vote is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injustice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men . ” - < PROPMALE > B . Johnson\ 
“Bad politicians are sent to Washington by good people who don't vote . ” - < PROPFIRST > E . Simon\ 
GET OUT AND VOTE !!! 
BLUH 
My philosophy on life : Ignorance , superstition , and luck will win out against knowledge , planning , and skill . 
I'm so unlucky I could buy a turkey farm and they would stop having Thanksgiving . 
North Korea is trying to start WWIII 
Can't get it right . 
If you get the < PROPMALE > ride the short bus at ECU . Amazing seats and radio in the back ... yea I'm jammin out 
Loving this weather . I hope it never gets warm . 
If you want a good chuckle check out this website : http://www.oddee.com/item_97289.aspx 
Loving the Oregon helments !!! 
GO DUCKS !!! 
SUCK IT DUKIES !!!!! 
City of Wonder is not working and I am flipping out !!!!!!!!!!!! 
J - E - T - S ... SUCK SUCK SUCK !!! 
Bane and Catwoman to be the villians in the next Batman movie ... cannot wait until The Dark Knight Rises comes out !!!! 
Its the end of the month and that means the cops are out in force so watch yourself . 
Hey Dukies ... UP YOURS !!! :P 
Saw a bumper sticker this morning that read , \Obama makes me throw up in my mouth . \ " That just about sums it up for me . " 
Watson the computer won the IBM Jeopardy Challenge ... next thing you know Skynet will become self aware and < PROPMALE > Schwarzenegger will be humanity's only hope . 
Just changing my facebook status . 
GO TURKEYS !!! GOBBLE GOBBLE !!! 
Watching my beloved Tar Heels 
So Mi Cabana definitely has a sanitation grade of 85 ... considering how hard it is not to get an A on one of those I'm thinking this place is pretty gross . 
Dickie V and the Tar Heels BABYYY !!! 
The only thing worse than not being able to watch the UNC game on TV is having to listen to the DOOK radio announcers call the game . I just threw up in my mouth a little ... 
TAR HEELS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Can't ever count out them TAR HEELS !!!!! 
SUCK IT DOOOOKIES !!!!! 
HERE WE GO !!!! 
