So ... I'm editing my fb and mind this I'm doing it on safari on the iPhone , I go to edit my relationship status I selected , engaged and in the to : box I put < PROPFIRST > ..., it pulls him up , and I hit submit well it says sorry this person is already in a relationship ... I was oh no he didn't! Lol jk ! 

Everyone needs to message the runners of Facebook and tell them they need to add an unlike button ! That would most magnificent !!! 
Sometimes I wonder why I stopped drinking ... I slept so good today ... it was amazing !!! Might pick up drinking again !!!! 
What is it with all these websites changing their mobile pages on people ... new iPhone ... page ! WTF 
No work for me tonight , going to take it easy ... RIP to my uncle < PROPMALE > Drenning , you will be missed ! 
Is it like a law that if you have family on fb they think you must be their friends ? Well if i don't know you , even if you have the same last name .... I will not add you !!! 
I hate being here when you are not ! I feel as though I am not complete unless you are here with me ! I couldn't imagine my life with out now that I have found you ! I can't wait till you are here beside me where you belong ! 
Feeling pretty crappy ... forgot to take my allergy pill yesterday , and now I'm feeling the affects !!! Wish they kick in quick before I lose my mind ... definitely allergic to everything right now ! 
I just had a horrible night mare ! And now I can't stop worrying ... argh ... scared to go back to sleep ... dont want to be alone so I wish I could go back to sleep ! 
I love drinking !!!! 
Gonna sleep like a baby , I love storms !!! 
Let me just say this !!!! I don't care if you weigh 100lbs or 1000lbs wear some freaking clothes honestly no one really wants to see that much of you ... men may like it but guess what once you get a bf or whatever he won't want to see you wearing shit like that in public ! And FFS ... it's 39degrees !!!!!! 
So for those of you that care ... AT&T fucking rocks !!! So I'm slowly waiting for upgrade ... not till July ... I got an email from them telling me they are giving me early upgrade !!! Because I'm an awesome customer !!! Woot Woot I rock too apparently !!! 
Ever have a day that you wish could just start over ? My knee is killing me , I had to climb into the compactor at work , and then well was having a great morning and then it turned sour ... and now it's better than it was . 
Can things really get any worse ??? And as I write this my fan in my room started making a horrible noise , so yes < PROPFEMALE > it could ! Just great !!! 
So hopefully this dark cloud that has decided to < PROPFEMALE > out with me is gone ! Because if not I don't know how much more I can handle before I lose my mind ! 
So this is so exciting !!!! No more hell Fridays !!! This fuc*ing rocks !!! 
< PROPMALE > is the best !! Just saying ... and I don't feel well ... :'( 
Working easter < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... there is so much ... I think 56 total !!!! Now that's just < PROPFEMALE > not the plastic eggs and stuff of that nature .... gonna be a long night ... 
I'm so over this night already ... too much < PROPFEMALE > not enough room ... there is < PROPFEMALE > everywhere Ohh my ... well I get to see those cute little step kids of mine in the morning !!!! Whoop whoop !! 
So our government is f'ed up !!!! Just saying ... let's keep our troops over seas spending more money ... putting us deeper in debt ... for a country that doesn't want us there ... and let's cut allowances to bull crap things ... like a health care project that doesn't go into affect until 2014 ... umm it shouldn't have money if it doesn't exist yet ! 
In an odd mood right now ... don't know why but I am ... just one of those days I guess ... and I am so off on everything right now ... argh it's only Wednesday ................. 2more nights till my glorious 2nights off ! 
Its amazing when you think of it I swear ... 5 years ago I would have been in class ... sitting there waiting to go home and < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends ... now I'm at home , getting ready to go to bed till my fiancee comes home ... Omg time does really fly !!! 
Nothing scares me more than losing the only one I want ... 
Did you know that only 42% of Americans have jobs ???? That's insane !!! 
So exactly a year ago , I found out that my mother had passed away ... doesn't seem like it has been that long , R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Drenning ! 
WARNING , PLEASE READ - I don't usually re-post these but ... If someone comes to your front door , and asks you to remove your clothes , and dance in your front yard with your arms in the air .. DO NOT do this , it is a scam !! They just want to see you naked . Please copy and post this to your status -- I wish I had received this yesterday .... I feel so stupid now .. 
So how crazy is it that I'm seriously wondering if Walmart would let us get married at Walmart ? I mean hell I practically live there and sometimes I think about work more than I do my house ... would seem fitting to get married there ! 
So have I mentioned how great < PROPMALE > is ??? Started us on registering ... Woot Woot ... I'll let you all know when we actual start putting things on there ... and we just had an amazing time together !!!! 
So ... I want to go do some yoga ... but the storms have me stressing ... so I think I'll wait until the bad part has passed ... 
Some days I just wish I could go to an alternate reality of some sort ... just me and < PROPMALE > no one else ... in the middle of nowhere ... where we can do as we please ... that would be the life ! Of course we would come back .... eventually 
Well that was a great 5 < PROPFEMALE > nap ... let's try that again some other time ... 
Having a great Easter morning with the boys ... love mornings when I have all my favorite males in the same house ! 
I'm already ready for this night to be over ... 
Ran some Mother's Day merchandise ... let me just say that I will feel all this pain tomorrow I am for sure ! Let's hope that round two doesn't hurt as bad as round one ! 
Here comes more thunder and lightning ... I love to sleep to it , but really I think I've had enough of waking up to find out we could/did have a tornado ... 
Been a long 25 hours ... it's going to be another sleepless day ... 
FML !!! 
I feel like shit , I just should have stayed home ... I'm leaving at midnight ... think I managed to get food poisoning ... isn't that great ? Not !!! 
My mans all taken care of , we are smoking one more cigarette then it's off to bed we go ... night fb 
I can't f'ing win for losing !!!! Fuck me ... I finally get over being sick ... worst feeling ever ... Welp that just changed I now have a f'ing tooth ache !!!! Argh it is killing me ... all I wanted to do was go to sleep with my babe , but no ... throbbing pain from inside my mouth !!! 
Feeling a bit irritated ... don't know why ... just do ... wish it was 7 so we can leave here ... 
Having an ok night , still can't wait till 7 so we can leave . I hope the school is still flooded so < PROPMALE > can go back to the house with us . Would be great if Julien wouldn't have school too but that probably won't happen ! 
In 2 months I will be marrying the man of my dreams !!! I can't wait he is the best person in the world ! 
Working in frozen ... yay ... 
Watching That 70's Show ... love it ... sitting with the best man in the world ... love it ... off work ... love it ... can't get no better !!! 
I'm excited < PROPMALE > is home , just wish that he didn't have to be sick ! Hopefully he starts feeling better soon ! 
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there ! 
I just give up !!! I like not getting to choose what I do at work thanks !!! Omfg I can't wait till 7 !!!!! 
Having a great day ! And we did some wedding pricing and all I realized was that I am going to be married to the best man in the world , and I can't wait to marry him ! 
Argh ... don't wanna go to work ... I wanna stay home with my babe ... and sleep ... lol . Hopefully tonight goes by fast so I can come home to my wonderful man ! 
Having a blah kinda night ... doing mods up at the registers ... can't wait till 7 because we will have the kids because there is NO SCHOOL !!! yippee 
Watching Julien play the wii , love mornings like this !!! It's nice having my favorite boys all in the same house !!! 
Had a wonderful morning ... love spending time with the boys !!! Off to bed because unfortunately I must go to work tonight !!! 
Just got home from seeing Julien graduate from kindergarten ... was awesome last time I was at one I was graduating from kindergarten 
About a year ago I became friends with the most wonderful man . Time sure flies . I have fallen truly , madly , deeply in love with this man . He is my everything . And I still cant believe that in a little over a month , he will be my husband . I love you , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hicks and I can't wait to be your wife ! 
Fb , you are pissing me off !!! I can't like anything of any ones unless I'm on the app . Argh !!! 
In a bad mood all the sudden , maybe it's a good thing I'm home alone . Hopefully this feeling goes away or I may spend tomorrow in bed . Argh !!! Just fuck it all ! 
Since into now is being stupid and won't recognize my movie I'm watching its ... Orgazmo ... this is an insane movie , but I like it . 
Having a great day , had the kids this morning . Now < PROPMALE > and I are watching a space movie and relaxing . Then it's time for bed ... 
Having a horrible night , my stomach is killing me and my contacts are irritating me something fierce ! Argh I can't wait to go home . 
Well my night got better , took out my contacts and threw them out . Dad brought me my glasses , and my stomach feels much better ! Looks like my night is turning around . 
Are we sure I must go into work ? I'm not too sure . Ohh well not like I can call out and not get into trouble might as well go and get the night over with . Maybe they will tell me I can leave at like 5 or 6 to cut my hours ... can I be that lucky ??? 
I don't like working produce . I want to go home . I can't wait till 7 . It's Friday at least . 
Off work and at home . My feet are killing me !!! 
I'm amazing ... I just slept for almost 12 hours straight . Woot Woot !!! 
My stomach is killing me argh ... gonna lay here and try to get it to settle down . Hopefully it calms down soon . I can't even smoke a cigarette without gagging like I'm gonna be sick . 
My dog has lost his mind ... I gave him a bath and now he is running all over the house acting insane and after him nipping at my hands as my form of punishment for me giving him his bath ... he has decided that it is play time and he is pestering me to join him . Silly < PROPMALE > ... 
In a month I will be marrying the man of my dreams . I can't wait to be his wife !!! 
So I freaking lost it that fb just informed me that I may know my soon to be husband's ex wife ... Ohh my she isn't a fan of me ... 
Going to bed with the best man in the world ... James < PROPFIRST > Hicks ... who is also already passed out I must add . Lol I love him and hope everyone has a wonderful day ! 
I feel so blah today ... didn't get a lot of sleep yesterday and then worked last night and all I can say is I can't wait till inventory is over ! 
A real woman always keeps her house clean and organized , the laundry basket is always empty . She's always well dressed , hair done . She never swears , behaves gracefully in all situations and all circumstances . She has more than enough < PROPFEMALE > to take care of her family , always has a smile on her lips , and a kind word for everyone . Post this as your status if you , too , suspect that you might be a man . 
Alright it's been a long night ... didn't go to lunch till 10till 3 . Been really busy trying to get the almost 2,500 picks plus what was picked from last night ... had I think 588 left ... we tried , but man there was alot of picks . So who knows what I'll be doing but I'm staying 7 even though I am scheduled to work till 6 . 
What a night ... I worked my ass off last night ! I am so glad that this week is over . And also I'm excited that we passed for inventory and did ok on it . I'm going to enjoy my two nights off ... now on to next week where we have 2 weeks worth of mods to do ... argh ... but that can wait till Sunday ! 
Attention : got the dress ... that is all ! 
Not looking forward to cleaning out the cabinets ... argh ... but I have got to bomb the house ! Hopefully I will also have the invites ready for everyone on Sunday night ! 
Wish me luck ... I'm about to see if I can get this piece of shit computer to work ... I dont want to hand write all these invites !!! 
I'm on the desktop ... 
Yummy ... mango daiquiri ... watching borat with my baby !!! 
Does any know what day < PROPMALE > lake is closing in July ??? If so please let me know before I have a fit about where I'm having the wedding last minute ! 
Ok now it's time to panic ... does anyone have a large yard with lots of parking that I could use for the wedding ? Or know of anywhere else we could get married that's free or cheap ? Please let me know as soon as possible .... 
Got some much needed yard work done . Found a different place to have the wedding at thanks to my wonderful < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hicks !!! Got the new invitations printed out ! I got so much done today . I am so proud of myself . 
I have the best man in the world . I woke up and he brought me a energy drink and opened it for me . He also brought me clean shirts . And then he got me a cigarette out of the pack . What a great man ! I can't wait to be his wife !!! Almost 3 weeks now ! 
Wow so I'm sad to say I just found out that < PROPFIRST > Dunn died ... that's so sad . 
Kinda been neglecting this place lately .... sorry everyone ... The wedding is in 11 days !!! Ohh my gosh I'm so excited ! I can't wait !! I will be marrying the man of my dreams !!!! I'm so insane , I accepted some overtime to help out another store tonight on my night off ... argh ... it's ok I'll just sleep all day and night tomorrow and then Sunday afternoon ... I'll be alright ! 
On my way to Louisville with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . I'm gonna be 45 < PROPMALE > away from my babe . Ohh how I am going to miss him !!!! 
So for everyone that has worked for Walmart and still does .... Etown Walmart is so much better than the one in < PROPFEMALE > Creek ... I feel so bad for the management team ... they have their hands full . I am so glad that was only for one night . I miss my Walmart !!!!! 
Working ... doing picks ... woohoo , not ! I can't wait till next week because I finally get to have my vacation ! I can't wait ... in 8 days we are getting married ... seems like it was yesterday that he proposed to me !!!! 
In a very aggravating mood tonight . I'm ready for this night to get over and hopefully this mood leaves when we walk out the door to go home . I am more ready for a vacation then I ever have been ... 
So I asked a customer if he needed help , mainly because he was standing right where my next item went . He turned around looked at me and said \I don't know sweet thing what can you help me with ? \ " my response ... \ " umm no it's not like that . If you need help finding something I will help you but if not then your on your own . \"" 
I'm getting a freaking cold ... 4 days before my wedding isn't that great . I'll be sneezing during the ceremony ... great . 
I freaking hate bugs ... argh ... Im supposed to be packing ... but all I've done is sleep and play on the computer ... lol . I hate moving !!! 
OMG ... in 2 days I am getting married ... here come the panic attacks .... ohh man I am so nervous !!! 
Hey Everyone that is planning on coming and if you haven't told me yet please let me know . I'm just trying to see how many people are going to be there ! 
So I can say tomorrow I will be a married woman ! Woot Woot !!! I can't wait !! Got my scarf and my shoes so alls good !!! 
Not only is today mine and < PROPMALE>'s wedding day , we are also celebrating our 1 year anniversary !!! Doesn't seem like it's been a year but it sure has ! I love him with all my heart and I can't wait to be his wife . 
I think I gave my husband the best present a wife could give . Not going to say what I got him but I think he will always remember it . I love him so much and yesterday was the happiest day of my life ! 
Sometimes I hate technology ... I am playing hanging with friends app , if your playing and wanna play me send me your name and I'll send you a game request ! 
Home and relaxing after my first night back from our vacation . Argh ... Well at least I didn't fall asleep . And those of you that think me being sleepy is me being upset , no I wasn't upset just didn't want to be back at work yet . I love my husband !!!! 
It's so freaking hot ... argh sometimes I hate Kentucky , but Ohh well . Ready to go get the boys and go home already . I miss my house !!! 
3 more nights for me ... tonights < PROPMALE>'s last night before his two off ... lucky ... hopefully we both have a good night . Maybe I'll get to do mods ... it's been 3+ weeks since I've touched a mod ... if not hope its picks so I don't have to stock . 
Watching the boys play at the jumping place in the mall ! They seem to be having great time ! 
Okay , I'll bite : I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet HALF of you won't read the instructions right but I'd love for you to prove me wrong ! 
I am missing < PROPMALE > . I loved my last nights off before tonight because he was here for 5 of them ! But in less than 3 hours he will be home with me ! I love my husband so much ! 
Who wants to go to work for me ??? I'm so sleepy ... I will pay ya 10$ ... lol . I so just want to go back to bed ... 
Ended up working 45 mins over to help clear the back rooms up ... didn't mind dad just had to do the grocery shopping by himself . We have the boys all day and night today so excited about that . And we are about to go and get some CHINESE ... so excited about that too ... I've been craving it for months . And then tomorrow my new phone will be here !!! Woot Woot ! 
:,( so my phone did not come in the mail today ... I'm so hurt ... who can I call and complain too ??? Argh ... hopefully tomorrow ... 
So the tracking number said it arrived to town last night at 8:06 . So any time now my mail lady will deliver the mail and I will have my new phone .... anticipation .... 
So ... on my way to work ... this will be one of six ... let's hope I don't fall asleep tonight . 
About to start 2/6 ... blah ... I really hope that tonight flies by ... we have the boys in the morning and hopefully they let me play the wii with them ! Julien is really good and if I'm not careful he will kick my ass !!! 
So I'm super excited because I love my new phone . My friend < PROPFEMALE > let me borrow her laptop so I could link up my phone ! I'm so happy ! It super fast ! 
\Butthead you should have heard what you just said \"...\" he he he you said we need to get more balls\ " ... I love it !!! " 
Having a great day !! Definitely wish that I didn't have to work tonight . But the opportunity to get OT is tremendous . Will prolly end up going to work early tomorrow night !!! Love OT money !!! 
So tonight will be 5/6 and I get to be lucky and start at 9 . I'm gonna love this paycheck . Might even do it again next week I they ask me to . 
Going to bed ... gonna be an early and also long night tonight ! Wish I could stay home with < PROPMALE > . I hate it when we are apart ! 
So worn out from last night ... overall I had a great night ... just don't care for going in early ... but I don't mind staying over . 
I'm in so much pain I can't handle it ! Anyone wanna play dentist ??? Ill gladly let you keep the teeth that are causing me so much pain ! I'm leaving work early because I can't even move with out busting out in tears . 
Argh ... I have a dentist appointment on Friday morning ... so not looking forward to it ! 
God , there are some annoying fuckers out here ! First they wanna blare some old not even in the top of the charts music now they wanna talk so loud that I can hear their whole conversation ! Then they bumped the car and scared the shit out of me I swear they are lucky I work here ! But have some respect !!! 
So ... I have to go see an oral surgeon about my tooth . I was terrified but thanks to my wonderful husband he quickly explained what all would happen ... apparently I have my top tooth root in my nasal cavity and the bottoms roots are jacked up ... so I have my xrays , and I gotta make an appointment ! 
I'm not having a good morning ... I'm really hoping we have no more surprises , like the last one ! I feel really bad for < PROPMALE > ! I love him so much ! 
Husband and wife week ! if your spouse is your best friend , works extremely hard , has been with you through triumphs and tragedies , who loves you when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married - July 5th 2011 
Rough night ... got paper goods done before lunch and now I'm of to my second area with my husband in frozen ... they were so happy about what we got done last night they put me back there tonight ... I have a feeling that I will be there the next two nights ... 
Omg since I got rid of some of my likes that I had on here ... I can see people's status ' . I'm so geeked ! Just thought that everyone should know this . 
After this last week I am really going to enjoy my two nights off ! The only thing that could make it better would be if < PROPMALE > was off too . 
Making < PROPMALE > watch striptease ... I think he's enjoying it ! 
I'm so geeked ... I'm getting the boys over night on Saturday night !!! Woot woot !!! I can't wait !!! 
The boys will be here soon and I can't wait . Tonight is freaking awesome !!! 
I have the two best well behaved step sons that a step mom could ask for . I have never seen two kids act as well behaved as they are . Bath time here in a few mins then time to wake up Tom ... hopefully he got enough sleep 
Gonna be doing some much needed cleaning up of friends tonight . Chances are I we don't talk much then you will be losing a friend ... and there will be a select few people ( not friends ) that will be blocked ... just letting everyone know ! 
* yawn * that was a good nap ... just sucks I missed toms lunch ... oops ... gonna watch some tv and enjoy sitting here on the couch ... 
Packing ... argh ... remind me next time to not have as much stuff . That's for damn sure . And I'm so worried my clock is going to get busted that I don't think I'm gonna pack it up ... think I'll just < PROPFEMALE > it because I would be really upset if it broke ! Blah gotta get back to it ! 
Gonna go to bed ... had a great night with the boys last night . Hopefully we can do that more often . I'm hoping for every weekend at least one of the two days if not both ... :D 
So my surgery is next week ... even though I wish it were this week that works as well . I can't wait to not have anymore pain ! So I'll get a four day weekend next week ! Woot !!! 
I just give up ... I swear I can't win for losing ! Don't ask what's wrong because I really don't want to talk about it ! All I do know is I have an amazing husband that loves me and because of this I will not lose my mind just yet ! 
URGENT !!! For all parents , Nestle is asking for everyone to return all BANANA BABY FOOD expiring 2012 because they may contain glass . Please copy and paste for all babies safety . Bar code 7613033089 73 , even if you're not a parent please copy you could save a baby's life 
Man I think it'd be nap time for me ... much to sleepy to continue ! 
Had the strangest two dreams I've had in a long time tonight ... I will never again eat before I lay down . They were insane ... 
About to give the boys a bath ... then it will be time to wake my hubby ... then it will be bed time for the boys and time for me to relax and nap off and on all night ! 
So I just realized ... I only work three days this week then 4 the next ... gonna be a few nice weeks of less stress . And out of the three days I'm losing ... I'll be only losing one day of pay ... so I can enjoy them !!! Woot ! 
Now I'm happier ... got rid of a person I forgot to delete off my friends list ! I hate being treated as though I don't exist but only when they want me there ! Fuck it ... I can delete you out of my life just like that ! I'm not a rug ... hopefully she gets the hint and doesn't try and talk to me ... I'm done ! Just like that ! 
I feel like shit ... I hope I start feeling better soon ! I don't feel like I'm going to get anything done tonight with the way I feel ! 
I hate my insurance company !!! I just woke up in pain because my tooth is throbbing and guess what I was supposed to have my surgery yesterday morning at 9 and because I haven't been with my insurance company for a year yet ( even though I swear I have ) I couldn't have the surgery today !!! I'm so upset all I want to do is cry ! 
Burrrrrrrr .... it fricking cold out here ! 
My nightmare ... Toys ... its like a flash back to my worst years at Walmart ... argh ... at least I only have the freight from the last 4 nights to do ... lol 
I'm not happy with the Facebook app right now ! I had an update ... so I updated and now I can't view my instant feed because it just keeps reloading ! Argh ... I hate bugs ! 
Feeling sad all the sudden ... might have something to do with the choice of movies I selected ... gonna change it up ! 
I knew I needed smaller pants but man I didn't realize how small I actually am ... apparently I don't pay attention enough to my size ... which I'm not trying to brag but I'm very excited because I now wear a size 1 ! Omg 
I'm so lucky to have such a wonderful husband ! I owe him so much for everything he does for me . He is the best !!! Gonna fall asleep beside the best man in the world !! 
Having a great night at work for a change !!! Actually setting mods !!! Woot woot 
Got a carton of marlboro's and 2 red bull at the gas station for 32.13 I'm the shit !!! 
This place has gotten so boring at night anymore ! I think there are only like 3 people on here lately at night ... 
When I was 17 ... I was living at the apartment with April ... still going to high school ... spending my nights getting messed up ... and missing as much school as I could ... and I still graduated and got on the national honor society . \ 
Like this status and I'll give you a number ... 
I really don't want to go to work tonight ... this has been a great week at work though . Hopefully I'll get to work on some more mods tonight ! Here's hoping for a great night !!! 
Had a great morning with my husband . The boys are spending the night again tonight ! So excited !!! I'm off to sleep let's hope I go out quickly ! 
I'm so sick and tired of bullshit ! I went out of my way tonight to get the lunch meat and cheese ready to have cold cuts and because people are inconsiderate ... by the time I went to lunch there was only scrap left ! Thanks everyone !! 
I'm watching < PROPMALE > play sponge < PROPMALE > game and he has < PROPFIRST > riding a ferris wheel over and over again ... this is hilarious I swear ! 
Really it is September ... in Kentucky ... and it is 61degrees in my living room . No fans or anything is on ... all I can say is burr ... 
Your car is < PROPMALE > . Your vodka is Russian . Your pizza is Italian . Your kebab is Turkish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Brazilian . Your movies are American . Your tea is Tamil . Your shirt is Indian . Your oil is Saudi Arabian . Your electronics are Chinese . Your < PROPFIRST > are Arabic and your letters are Latin . And you complain that your neighbour is an immigrant ? Pull yourself together ! Copy and paste if you're against racism . 
You can take the boy out of the pu$$y but you can't take the pu$$y out of the boy ! 
Bath time is a coming ... then bed time ... this lady is getting really sleepy ! 
So < PROPMALE > just told me that the Chinese condoms are too small for south Africans ... might be stereotypical of me but I could have guess that . 
Attention KY Friends : Does anyone want a dog or know of anyone that wants a dog ? We are moving and we won't be able to have a pet . I really want to find him a home close so I can come see him every now and again . Please if anyone can help let me know ... text me at 270-307-5195 
Sitting here ... Julien \wow sponge < PROPMALE > was made in 1999 ? \ " < PROPMALE > \ " yes son it's very old\ " me \ " wow they can really make you feel old quickly ! \"" 
I'm going to change my nickname from < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > . Decided I wanted a change . So everyone can call me < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Freaking a this is epic ! We have a computer again ! Gotta love credit ! We just couldn't go any longer with out a computer ! Especially since I am going to need one when I start seeing my lawyers ! I'm so geeked !!!! Thank you < PROPMALE > ! You're so amazing !!!! 
I realize this everyday but today ... I decided to say this ! I think I fall deeper and deeper in love with my husband . He is always surprising me , he makes me laugh all the time , and he makes me feel very beautiful ! He helps me thru tough times and deals with my insanity ! I love him for everything he has made me become ! I feel as though he makes me a better person ! 
If you have a wonderful man in your life who helps bring balance to your world , ... who isn't perfect but is perfect for you . Who works hard & would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh & drives you CRAZY !! Who is your best friend , you never want to lose . Who you are thankful for everyday & who you know you could never live without . Brag about him a little and put this as your status ... 
Got bored and I did the math to figure out how old in days me and < PROPMALE > are then figured the difference ... < PROPMALE > is 11,078 days old and I am 8,726 days old that's a difference of 2,352 days ... 
1 . If I like it , it's mine . \ 
2 . If it's in my hand , it's mine . \ 
3 . If I can take it from you , it's mine . \ 
4 . If I had it a little while ago , it's mine . \ 
... 5 . If it's mine , it must NEVER appear to be yours in any way . \ 
6 . If I’m doing or building something , all the pieces are mine . \ 
7 . If it looks just like mine , it's mine . \ 
8 . If I saw it first , it's mine . \ 
9 . If you are playing with something and you put it down , it automatically becomes mine . \ 
10 . If it's broken , it's your 
Facebook is so retarded ... my last status update is from 3 hours ago ... so apparently no one has posted anything in the last 3 hours ... yeah ok !!! 
If a women's bra is called over-the-shoulder-bolder-holder , then what are men's boxers called ? Under the butt-nut-hut ? 
