Hey everyone , I'm totally lost when it comes to Facebook . :3 

can't figure out how to make the little bar on the bottom come back . 
Story of my Life : I might get fired . Brilliant ... I'm trying so hard . How am I going to fare in the real world if I can't keep a job busing tables in a diner ? 
Just bought a pair of Audio Technica ATH-EM7GM Headphones from Japan . My life is complete ... 
just realized that one of his pupils are bigger than the other one . That can't be good ! 
is sick of switching schools . 
Darnit ! I can't go to the reunion ! 
Does anyone remember when I dropped my camera on the floor during camp ? Yeah , it ended up deleting the last picture I took , somehow . Oops . |3 
wants his piano back ... ;; 
is bad at killing demons . 
I have to hand it to good seeders . After searching for months for something I needed , I finally found a torrent that had the file I was looking for . Unfortunately , it was 3 years old , so I doubted anyone still was seeding said torrent . I was wrong . One lo 
Currently suffering from a mind block on a project I'm doing , ergh ... I can't figure out how to continue from here . 
can't ... see ... at all . 
I'm going to go see District 9 at 1:45 . I'm excited ! 
I feel ... overwhelmed . I hope nobody feels like I'm ignoring them . I'm trying my best to talk to everyone . 
Things are not going well ! 
Why does working as a busboy take so much out of me ?... God , how am I ever going to survive in the real world . 
m . 
How do you say \I'm in love . \ " in Japanese ? " 
Saw my friend < PROPFEMALE > in McDonalds today . Ah , it's so nice to see familiar faces . ^^ 
has eaten nothing but toast , < PROPFEMALE > bars , and soda from McDonalds the past 2 days . I'm very healthy ! 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke just because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Majestic . Amazing . Rawr ! Kaleidoscope ! Bwehehe ... 
Well , 11th grade starts tomorrow morning ... I'm going to die . I want to go back to McCann . 
First day of school over . Is it summer yet ? x3 
It's these rare moments that I wish I could experience more . It's all good . 
I saw 9 at the mall last night . Critique ? IT WAS TOO SHORT . ): 
I want to play Tropico 3 . Island Simulation ! Woo ! xD ( Has loved the tycoon games since he was little . ) 
Pep rally at Hoosac Valley tomorrow . I'm wearing green and yellow . x3 
I am sick and tired of Big Brother watching through the cameras in the ceiling at me . 
I gotta stop playing these Facebook games ... It's going to eat me aliiiiive ! xD 
Bought a TracFone . It's coming in the mail soon . Need < PROPFIRST > . :3 
???... 
I don't want to be confirmed . Why ? I just don't agree with the Catholic religions beliefs . I do NOT want to be a part of this . 
Spent all my free cell phone minutes setting up my voicemail . Haaah ... 
Hey guys , my cell finally came in . Leave your number here so I can add you , if you'd like , and add me if you wanna ! :P 1 413 446 1364 
What's Pictionary ? 
Everyone seems so interested in their sixth sense today . 
For all those zombie game lovers out there : Left 4 Dead 2 is now available for Pre-Order on Steam ! 
I made my cell phone ringtone a tune from Pokemon . I feel ... oddly fulfilled . 
Fridays are like every other day after school for me . I wish I lived in at least a suburb or something . xD 
I wanna go back to McCann ... More than you even know . I'm dying over here . 
is now addicted to the Slightly Damned webcomic . These furries are going to be the death of me . 
\I invented this game myself ! You toss a rock in the air ... \ " \ " ... And then you try to catch it ! \ " \"...\" \"...* BONK * Owchie ... \ " -Buwaro " 
I feel chubby . 
I'm just going to go play Facebook games until 11 PM now ... ... geeeez ... life is so boring . 
I just heard a song that stirred deep-seated memories within me . Wow , what a blast ... 
You know you need a new laptop battery when it's discharging faster than it can charge , and thus , dying while it's plugged into the wall ! 
Nnngh ... I want to go somewhere ! I NEED to get out of the house . 
A note from my father , found on the counter this morning when I awoke . \Dear Ding-Dong Boys : < PROPFEMALE > mother & < PROPFEMALE > has run away 2 join the cirkus . I has been gont go to be in parade in Boston as < PROPFEMALE > of the prom . I will beat Miss & Ms. Thing home by a few hours so dont make mess ok ? Dad \"" 
What am I supposed to say ? Ack ... 
Oops . 
I'm going to be a Moogle Doctor for Halloween . Is that okay ? 
Who is this < PROPFIRST > kid ?! How dare he take my seat ?! Grrr ... 
I got my hair dyed and cut today . 
My camera sucks . 
ice cream ? 
One of my friends has swine flu . I'm serious . 
just learned about the difference between dating and being in a relationship . 
-gasp- I have no food to serve in Cafe World ! ; ; 
Tonight ended on a good note with 90% of the people I was having conversations with . I feel ... I feel content . 
Everyone is so different . 
I keep telling myself that I'm going to hate this school - that I'm never going to get attached it . Why is it so hard to NOT make friends ? 
My moogle hat came in the mail ! ? 
Open your eyes , you indifferent lack of emotion . 
We're all trapped in a maze of relationships , it seems . -sighs and stares at the ceiling- 
feels like his hair is wider than his waist ... both of which are not good . 
I had the best time I've had in a long time , tonight . The dance was fantastic , and I had extreme bouts of nostalgia throughout the entire thing ... I've never felt so warm , but that may be due to the fact that I was wearing 3 layers of clothing and a costume in a sweltering hot room with 90 other people , dancing for 2 hours straight . Still . <3 
Oops . I was supposed to pay my friend back for that dance ticket ... 
What's wine in a box , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Leap the precipice already , you darned nooblet ! 
Uke ! * raises hand * 
Fucking ay . I always get into the worst situations . 
My Diet Pepsi tastes like Spagetti-os . 
I think you can't be friends with everyone . If only I had realized that so much sooner . Oof ... 
has a spaz attack about his hair . Sigh . X_x 
stayed up late to play Left 4 Dead 2 the moment it came out - But it appears that's not happening tonight . Oh , hell , now that math test tomorrow is going to eat me ALIVE . 
feels special . 
Avenue Q . For Now . 
I found a used tampon in the toilet in work , today . T_T Remember that I'm a guy , people . 
Dating is the fruit which breaks your friends apart ! I can't freaking take it ! You're all a bunch of fools ! Why should I wait for it to ' settle down ' when it happened in the first place ?! This is what happens when you start envying every single person in your circle of friends !... I hate being the neutral one . I hope you all burn in hell . 
( ... I hope they like me . ) 
Sometimes I wonder why I keep running after things that are impossible to achieve . Am I determined or just really stubborn ? 
He who has a multi-faceted soul , he who speaks in riddles on his Facebook status , I am . 
thinks it's funny how some of his friends in IT really have no freaking idea what they're doing . We're in 11th grade , people ! No , memory and hard drive space are not the same thing . 
Chord progression chord progression CHORD PROGRESSION ! 
I know I say some really corny things , sometimes . ^^ ~ 
Left 4 Dead 2's main menu music sounds like Railroad Tycoon . 
I wish I had nicer hair . >>; 
Do people actually like jewfros ? 
You know how I said that I got my license ? Well , that's 50% true . I passed the road test with no strikes , so technically I got it , but I didn't have the right form , so I needed to get that and bring it home , with the $70 you need to get a license in my wallet . A week later , today , my mom finally decides she'll take me to get it . My $70 is gone , somehow . I hate you , wallet , and I hate you , Hoosac ! So much for driving . 
\ ... the sky . End of book one . \"" 
And yet distance and the rough spots in life are what brings us together in the end . I bid you well , my friends . 
I'm ready for a day off . Are YOU ready for a day off ? 
If I get out of this alive , I am never , EVER second-guessing myself again . 
For some reason I feel the need to text : \Hi there ! \ " to whoever is standing near me at that moment . Just to make them stare at me in confusion . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE >..." 
Finding myself repeating the same daily routine , everyday . I need to get off this mountain and start living at one point . 
I'm getting a strong < PROPFEMALE > Megami Tensei-esq . vibe from this trilogy ... Which is making me love it all the more . End of Book Two . 
A little independence would be nice . Just a little . 
Mom ... I am not adding you to my Facebook . Deal with it . 
Don't say something nice about me . I won't leave you alone . 
Today , I was described as arrogant . 
Ah , fuck the depressing stuff . I love music . It always makes me feel better . =] Generic , I know , but whatever . :P 
What's right , what's wrong , what to do , what do I do ...? 
Ahh ... fishsticks . 
Mom says my new sweatshirt looks faggish . mehh . -shrug- 
Chances of a return to McCann : Good . Chances of a return to McCann in one piece : Bad . 
I love staying up late . Parts of my brain that are off during the day are activated , and I am able to focus on anything and everything that involves on thinking about the world , as long as I have my music . This is fantastic . 
I have to stop watching animation movies . Hell , I want to steal the brains of whoever writes these things . 
I'm liking the non-existent EFC . :D 
Just learn < PROPMALE > that my mom spent my savings account money to pay for driver's < PROPMALE > , my permit , and my license , which I didn't really care about to begin with . Thanks , mom . Savings gone . 
Apparently , my mom looked through all of my friends and is now bashing me for having friends who have different religious beliefs than her . Swell ! :3 All of my statuses have to do with my mom , now . It's depressing , haha . 
Piano's busted ... 
Memories can weigh you down . But hell if I don't keep trying to get this to work right up until February 2nd . 
Haha , I just can't find a single video game I can get into . :P 
I'm not sure if going to work feeling ill is the best idea . Oh , well . 
Although I have a ton of homework to do today , I feel fantastic for whatever reason . ^^ I hate you , hormones . 
Homework finished ... I am so completely burnt out , it's not even funny . xD 
I just had the best nachoes ever . <3 
is confused about random Facebook Notification Spam #8472 : \= ) OMG ! Zombies are coming ! \"" 
Mom , I want to be a composer . That means you have to let me actually play the piano in the living room sometimes , even if it ' annoys the hell out of ' you . 
I got a bag of buffalo wing flavoured peanuts , and a bag of \wicked hot chipotle\ " flavoured peanuts ! " 
Feeling pretty ... dead . 
I never thought I'd be excited about getting to meet a political figure . I'm going to meet the mayor ! 
A little dissapointed , but okay nonetheless . ( One more week , and how my life goes for the next year and a half is set in stone . ) 
The Roomba is eating my feet . -_- 
Cruddy , demoralizing , short haircut . T_T ; 
Everyone is so awkward and sad , tonight . Come on , guys , cheer up . 
Reverie is not only an amazing word , but is the perfect word to describe the activity the takes up the large majority of my everyday life . 
New router , hehehe . ^^ 
Hahaha ! I feel like shit ! WOOO ! 
It's hard to sound interested in the NFL . =D 
I kinda like the new Facebook , to be honest . It's rather sexy . 
Can't sleep . warrrraiiigggfeelterrrrible xD 
Turmoil . 
Applied to a summer college program at Ithaca College in NY . < PROPFEMALE > la Ithaca ! 
No , you're ugly . >:( 
I'm stir crazy , stark mad , and violently ill . Errrraaaghhh . =D 
Darn you , summer college acceptance essays ! You're not fun to write after staying up until 4 in the morning ! 
I have a new found love for orange juice . 
I HATE imaginary < PROPFIRST > . 
LOL . My birthday cake : \Happy Birthday DoNte \"" 
Do people just have some subconscious need to TOUCH a person with curly hair's hair over and over and OVER ? > _o 
2:00 AM : Hello . Thank you for coming . My name is < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > \Blunt\ " Vittone . " 
Hate to be downy sounding , but geez , is McCann bittersweet . 
New Sims expansion pack ! YES ! 
I woke up this morning and freaked out because I thought my room was filled with smoke . Turns out that my eyes just wouldn't open up all the way at first . Sigh . >>; 
\Combine a picture of you a friend and see how your kid would look without the mess ! \ " LOL WAT . " 
So , apparently we don't have to go to school Tuesday because of BPA ? Huh ? Someone confirm this for me , I didn't know about this . D: 
Mm ... Nitrous Monster ... It's like a party in my mouth . :D 
Walking a 1/4 mile , at night , alone , is incredibly unnerving . <_>; 
Somebody , like , spray air freshener in my eyes or something . 
Hello , my name is < PROPMALE > Vittone , and I am absolutely fed up with Berkshire County . Good day . :3 
Living in Savoy kinda hinders , you know , doing anything . 
I'd like flannel more if everybody wasn't wearing it now . Hrmm ... 
wishes his house would sell faster so he can move out of this dumpy , backwater town . 
I wish I had gone to Snow Ball . T_T 
wants to make a sky lantern , like they do in Indonesia . 
High religious figures that are part of the Catholic religion continue to make me retch . 
How to Train Your Dragon was ridiculously fun . :3 
Hey , I blogged about life ! Why don't you mosey on over and give it a quick read . 
Zebra Blackjack ? Uh ... I think Facebook is running out of ideas . 
is having trouble finding positive things about McCann and is honestly regretting his decision , at least in a personal sense . 
So , uhh , my McDonalds food wrapper melted to my desk a little because the food in it was so hot . : x Whoops . 
Today , I ate a turtle . Whole . Raw . 
I need more money , darnit . : x Maybe I should put in an application at < PROPFIRST>'s for this summer . 
Spent the day in Northampton with a few friends , and looked at expensive clothes that I can't afford in Urban Outfitters . xD It was fun ! 
Why does all of the important/fun stuff happen AT THE SAME TIME ? Sheesh , I don't own a freaking cloning machine ... 
I'm surrounded by idiots . =| 
So sick . 
Going to school today - however much my body protests . 
I like the eye picture because my skin isn't the colour of old paste . 
\To boldly go where no one has gone before . \ " :3 <3 " 
My high , happy , confident mood is over and done with . Back to low , quiet , and introverted . 
\C'MERE < PROPFEMALE > I WANNA KILL YOU \"" 
Dear all Customer Service Representatives : Please stop referring to me as ma'am . Thank you . 
Missed lunch yesterday . Lost 4 pounds . WTF ? 
That new Axe Twist scent smells like Sprite or < PROPFEMALE > Mist or something . 
Does anyone else keep getting friend requests from random 20-something girls with suggestive pictures ? :| 
Tired ? Depressed ? Then try GIANT SWORD ! Slash the living FUCK out of anybody you want and bask in the warm feeling . =] -is not entirely sadistic . not entirely . - 
Plans destroyed . Depression yes . Things never work out quite the way you wish they would . 
Last day of Sunday School . Good ; I hope I never have to do THAT again . XD 
It's not good when 70-year old women call you sexy . Not good . 
Did anyone of you go to Crooked ? How was it ? 
Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaage ! 
I'm going to the carnival . Wewt . 
I cleaned out my bookcase , and found some old Green Day , Good < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > albums . YEEEEEEAHH 
\Om nom nom nom nom nom OW . \"" 
I need glasses ! Auugh , why does nothing look good on me 
I < PROPFIRST > an awesome face on the watermelon in the fridge . 
Sims 3 Ambitions get <3 
Sad 
I'm not through yet ! 
Tornado watch , again ? The hell ? 
Surfer Werewolf ? No ? How about a Zombie Ballonist ? Super Scribblenauts . :3 
There's a lot of different personalities in IT , which is cool . Unfortunately , it makes everyone hate each other . : x 
Hey , you ! Yeah , you , class of 2011 ! Grow the hell up . 
Oh , FORGIVE ME for not wearing clothing that's from [ insert trendy store here ] . 
My hermit crab is hanging upside down on a log suspended in the cage , and moving along the bottom of it . O_O 
just realized that he may have left his hat at the summer camp , T . I , he went to . Last July . D'oh . ><; 
I really wish I could get myself to be interested in watching/playing sports sometimes . =[ 
I just saw Toy Story 3 . =] It was awesome ! 
Blarrrg , I am NOT excited about finals Monday and Tuesday . 
WHY IS IT SO HUMID -sob- 
It's OVER ! Muahaha ! Now I get 5 days of summer vacation before I go back to school - in New York ! 
Heading to Ithaca College for 3 weeks - in about an hour ! Wish me luck ! 
Just inhaled half of a pool's worth of water . -~-; 
Top story in the Ithaca Journal : \We're sick of Albany's shenanigans ! \"" 
is wearing pants and flip flops . I feel like a rebel . =] 
No , Google Maps , I do not want directions from Fairbanks , Alaska to the middle of Brazil ! 
This college thing is a blast other than the blaring * DOOF , DOOF , DOOF * music in the dorm room next to mine ! :D * bangs head on the wall * 
I buy a fan , and suddenly it's dropped from 90 degrees to 50 degrees , everyday . 
\Snake bursts after gobbling gator\ " - \ " The Burmese python tried to swallow its fearsome rival whole but then \ 
just ordered from Wings Over Ithaca on Campusfood http://campusfood.com 
My hair , eet's gone ! 
Professor Gossa : \I liked your hair better the other way . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > would be very upset ... \"" 
I think I've already got a centimeter of my hair back ... it's like a freaking plague . XD 
I'm melting I'm mellllltiiing . DX 
CampusFood.com is going to be the death of me . 
Yay , Darien Lake tomorrow ! Please don't rain . 
Every single status I see is girls saying how much they hate guys . =[ 
I'm going to screw up my directing so bad . DX 
YEEEEAH OCTOPUS 
I can't believe I haven't been home for almost 3 weeks . o.o 
3 weeks went by so fast . :[ 
Sitting at home watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek at midnight , eating some Ritz crackers . I suppose things don't change that much . > < 
Is anyone going to that Beach Battery thing on Friday at Onata Lake that can give me a ride ? 
Random rural Massachusetts-ian kid in the middle of a bunch of city kids ? Yarrrr . D: 
Quit comparing yourself to others . Just because YOU got played shitty cards doesn't mean you have the right to take it out on everybody else . 
Just found a blog all about taking MRIs of food , such as cucumbers . 
I got a LG Cosmos - pretty nifty little phone . :D Anyway . my new phone number is 14138845273 . Cheers ! 
Tired , tired , tired , BED . Nuh ... 
The can of air freshener in my bathroom says that it's effective against AIDS and Hepatitis B . Ladies and gentlemen , I have found the cures ! 
Testing the texteration phone thingy . 
Testerating the texteration mechanic on the phone . :D 
Just ran out of < PROPFEMALE > Trek episodes to watch ... fuck . =[ 
You know what's amazing ? Depending on the clothing I wear , different groups of people suddenly think I'm cool enough to talk to . What is this ? I should go around wearing the ' save the whales ' t-shirt more often , just so I can get snobby looks out of you fakers . 
I think the Protoss and Exdeath would get along well . Kudos to anyone who gets it . 
Dancing to the Frogger ( 1997 ) soundtrack in the kitchen while cooking a pizza . :D 
Can I say something is \really sobering\ " if I haven't had a drink in my life ? " 
Ow ... jeans too small ... need new jeans ... > _o 
I already broke the iPod Touch I got off Ebay . I gotta stop touching things . 
Enjoyed my first day of karate . =] 
My hermit crab died ... =( 
Come on , iPod , I want to play Fruit Ninja ! * hiss * 
Going to watch Cats and Dogs . xD 
When does school start again ? Seriously , I need some variety here , even if it's just different chapters in a textbook . 
I'm allergic to polyester ?! WTF ? So painful ... 
Drank < PROPMALE > Grey tea - it nade me feel like < PROPFIRST > Luc Picard . :D And there's a British family at table 29 ! 
Why are there so many cucumbers in the refrigerator ?! 
My personality has more curls than your personality . > : I 
SimCity Deluxe is sooo much fun . : B DIE SIMS DIE ! Muahaha ! 
You darn kids today with your newfangled gadgets and nic-nacs and what-not ! When I was your age THE PRICE OF BREAD TODAY ! 
Everytime I open the freezer , something hard and frozen falls out and hits me on the foot ! > < 
I need to get a new bag for school - preferably a messenger bag . I like those . I've been looking around , but I can't find a website with a good selection . . - . Halp ? 
\NO ! NO ! NOOOOOO DON'T LET HIM HUG YOU ! \"" 
Why are shoes more expensive than actual clothing ? 
Just played some intense piano ... my arrrrms . ~_~ 
It doesn't matter if I force my voice to be deeper or not , I always sound funny . : I 
It seems that I've exhausted my usefulness . 
\Oh goood 
Oooh , don't put Gladware in the microwave ... 
\What do you mean a diary is called a journal if you're a guy ? Why didn't anyone ever tell me this ?! \"" 
First day of school was pretty swell . o: It was so hot , though . ;~; Keep voting for that skate park , people ! 
Being a jerk doesn't make you cool , you selfish morons . > < 
I love it how absolutely EVERYTHING stops in the diner when a double rainbow appears in the sky , and everyone goes outside to take pictures of it . > w < 
Writing journal entries makes me feel fuzzy . :P 
When your soda tastes like liquid cardboard with a little salt , you know you're sick . :s 
Sick and miserable . Fffffuuuuck . >.< 
is talking in his sleep , apparently . :s 
I don't get why the jerks and douchebags who run around my school openly insulting their ' friends ' behind their backs are the most liked . 
Bad hair day ? Nah , my hair is just a rebel . 
It's funny - I have a feeling that a lot of people in my school brag about playing sports just so they have an excuse for their superiority complex . > w > 
\The Hostess will seat you . \ " I have to get a \ " Host\ " sign ... It's demoralizing to stand here with this sign . xD " 
I listen to classical music at night . 
My computer yelled in the middle of shop : \THE QUICK BROWN FOX --\" Stupid Google Translate . xD " 
Looking at Jupiter through a telescope . :3 I can see four moons as well . It's awesome ! 
I'm going to check out the University of New Haven tomorrow , so I won't be in school . Woo hoo ~ Stay away , CCNA Discovery 2 . x_X 
The ice cream truck I just walked past was giving away free ice cream and stuff ! Snow cooone . 
I love it how the world ends in the 15 minutes that Facebook was down . 
I can't fit my hair into my hat . > < 
Yeah , I just played Civilization for 3 hours straight !... bah . xD 
I like the salty breeze there is when you're within a mile or two of the ocean . 
Concussion ! Fuck , ow . 
I caved and bought Civilization 5 . The demo just wasn't enough , even though my computer isn't powerful enough to really run it all that well . : < Time to tweak the graphics settings ! 
I can now break apples in half with my finger . Thanks < PROPFIRST > . xD 
I'd worry about the SATs I have to take on Saturday more if my eyes didn't feel like they were going to fall out of my head AGGH . 
\You're just angry because my hair is poofier than your hair . \"" 
I had some freshmen tell me that I look like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , today ... -shudder- 
Et tu , < PROPMALE > ? Then fall Caesar . * nuclear bomb * \CAESAR has been defeated . \"" 
Big , important , college acceptance-based , standardized test today ! And then work . And then most likely passing out from mental and physical anguish . 
Someone said hi to me as I exited PHS this morning . I don't know who it was , because I didn't see them . This depresses me . 
Oops , forgot to eat again . . - . Yay ! 
Pssst ... shibboleet . 
I wonder what people would say if I asked them to describe why they're wearing purple , today , in one word . Defiance ? Solidarity ? Pride ? Support ? 
You know , I'm slowly starting to see why everybody else is finding shop rather irritating . 
Apparently , I accidentally quoted Coldplay . Who is Coldplay ? . - . 
I hope college is more than just high school that you have to pay for . 
Il m < PROPMALE > e incarnato . Di fronte < PROPMALE > buio . Allegoria di nerezza . Nerezza < PROPMALE>l'interno di negativita ?. These songs sure are cheery for having such dark names . ; w ; 
SAT scores come in tomorrow . Guuuh . ;-; 
1810 ... Geez , it had be right in the middle . Now , I can't be furious OR delighted . ._. 
I'M ON THE BUS WITH < PROPFIRST > CREWS IN ALL CAPS . 
\ ... \ 
Oh , god ... oh , god , I have Little Mermaid songs stuck in my head . 
Don't activate that one month free trial of Netflix . You'll regret it with all of your being . ; w ; 
Ice skating in North Adams . I'm going to break a bone by the end of the night . :s 
-looks out window- Wow , it's getting late , I should probably take a shower and get to be -- oh wait it's only 5 PM , nevermind . 
I didn't know that they actually MADE Wonka brand chocolate ! DUDE ! 
Going to see Megamind at the mall tonight , probably alone . D'oh . . - . 
These Ritz crackers taste like bacon . 
Fuck , boiler's out . : < No hot water . 
Finding waves upon waves of bad reviews for the colleges that you want to go to is never uplifting . 
AGH WHY ARE MY WINDOWS OPEN 
Seniorpaperseniorpaperseniorpaperseniorpaper ... * sizzle * 
YAHOO ! I got accepted into the University of New Haven ! 
Happy mashed potato day ! I looove mashed potatoes . 
Just got a $ 16,000 Presidental Scholarship and a $ 1,000 Writing Award for college next year ! Thank yooou , New Haven ... ; w ; 
Capitalism , hooo ! -- wait , no , I suck at this . ;-; 
\It's not my fault that I didn't grow up on Vulcan like you squints . \ " \ " I ... don't know what that means . \"" 
Dentist appointment for 3 hours due to brother , sister , and father , immediately followed by a financial aid meeting ?! Come on , I want to EAT . D: 
Subsubsubsubsubsubsubsubsubnet ! 
It's December ! Change your profile picture to a Pokemon or the government will come to your house and eat your face . 
Booth : \We don't make zombies . ( talking about Catholicism versus Voodoo)\ " \ 
Getting a pair of much needed glasses . I'll be able to recognize people when they're more than 3 feet away ! > w < 
< PROPFIRST > Bravo was the best show . 
I'm astounded . The mayor of West Haven , Connecticut is \Mayor Picard\ " . I love it ! > w < " 
Werewolves with British accents are pretty amazing . 
\The quickest way to make time pass is to go unconscious . \ " Falling asleep in class is justified ! w " 
Gagh . I hate it when I think I turned in an assignment , but I really didn't . So much for that A . 
I wish my goddamned divorced parents would move into different houses , already . This is getting absolutely ridiculous . 
My brachium is concave ! D: 
I just wasted 45 minutes talking to myself in the mirror . The hell ? 
The one day I forget a hat , I have to walk in 30 MPH winds ! > < 
Got a new watch for Christmas - It ticks ! :o 
Nintendogs and Cats . :3 Yes ! 
is eating at < PROPFEMALE > Tuesday's , where they DON'T HAVE ONION STRAWS ANYMORE NOOOOOOO ! 
This Sprite tastes like vegetables ... 
I suck at Just Dance . 
I got my < PROPFEMALE > Trek communicator working . > w > 
Frozen . 
Was it snowing really hard or something ? Because I just woke up and it's like there's ... nothing . Whatever , snow day ! : B 
Fourth place in Internetworking ! Bahaha ... I'm actually pretty happy about that . I have a gap in my education ! Yeah ! \\o/ 
I hope the town snow plows break down overnight or something . 
Arrg ! I have to stop anticipating snow days , because they don't happen - where's my coffee ... 
I'm losing molecular cohesion ! At least , my mind is . 
Click on the Lightwell ! 
is learning how to cook . 
You're going to get devoured , 1-inch thick scholarship packet ! Even if it does lead to a stiff neck for the next week ! 
There's that one house on North Summer St. in Adams that's going to be reaaaally mad . 
Coffee makes me feel horrible . ( excruciating stomach pain ) D: 
I'm making a status update about my negative mood . 
I love Dove-brand soap . 
Cleaning out my bookcases , finally . Finding a lot of stuff from < PROPMALE > . It's good nostalgia . 
If you and your 16 friends want to come eat at the diner , don't do it 15 minutes before we close , okay ? 
Whilst cleaning out my room , I discovered that I have accidentally stolen science and history books from at least 4 grades . 
Aaah , another wonderful week of pain and torture ! :3 ( school , not BDSM , be quiet . ) 
Where'd this nervous breakdown come from ? 
Augh , what possessed me to start reading Homestuck . 
I keep accidentally dressing in the primary colors . You're not waking me up enough , coffee ! 
UPS is ridiculous . Oooh , there's a slight breeze and a dusting of snow on the ground ! I can't deliver your packages for the umpteenth time ! 
I'm going to go make coffee at midnight ! 
didn't even know what a hazelnut was until today . As it turns out , they're delicious . :D 
My progress report says that I failed gym for not wearing clothes . D: 
Just got my financial award letter from University of New Haven - I'm very happy with the amount . c : 
1:58 ... 1:59 ... 3:00 . ARG . 
\Historians Admit Making Up The Ottoman Empire \"" 
GO AWAY , RELENTLESS FACIAL HAIR -razor razor razor- 
Every day is a bad hair day . : c 
is reading the \It Gets Better\ " book . " 
I don't understand why or how people link homosexuality with promiscuity and pedophilia . And also the devil . I mean ... honestly . Ignorant fools ! 
I guess we're ... getting 20 inches of snow ? I'm dumbfounded . 
Just had a great time at the 411 in the 413 event at Hancock Shaker Village . :D 
Being sick sucks ! 
O Gravity , thou < PROPMALE > a he < PROPMALE > less bitch . 
Annnd suddenly I'm as nervous as hell about college again . 
You know , I've really grow accustomed to shit hitting the fan . Urrruaagh . 
is eating at Panchos ! It's delicious . :3 
wants cookies . 
is improvising a cake . Woo ! My frosting is going to be whipped cream , chocolate syrup , some nesquik powder , and ... I dunno . I hope it tastes good . 
I wish there was a supermarket in Savoy . I want to buy some avocados . 
I ran my hands back through my hair once and it tripled in volume . :( 
Listening to Christmas music . FUCK . 
