gahhh ! i wanna move out here ! :P 

R.I.P. - yet who's the third ? they say death comes in threes ... so far only two ... 
my feet hurt - and sea cadets arent actually that bad !!! lol ... marine vets are fun to talk to ! :D i had fun ! 
wow - i hate the internet ... and i hate the fact i'm addicted what a damned drug ... 
well at least i got to talk to him :D wasnt much but i learned alot .. lets hope for more tomorrow !!! maybe i can convince him to come visit :P 
i'm scared - nervous - broken and is in texas 
i'm home , bored , and want to see someone in particular ! grrr . 
bout to head to bed , but people should like call me or something :D not now , but like in the afternoon tomorrow or something . .. :P 
wow , i'm like oober confused now :P 
ok - so like - i'm supposed to be working , but really what do i do ? nothing ... this is retardedly ridiculous ! lol .... 
busy getting the majority of my senior portfolio done , since i didn't have to < PROPMALE > to with the rest of y'all! lol . but still finding time to talk :D so hit me up ! 
had fun . then one phone call killed the night . oh well . there is still tomorrow . goodnight :D 
bored ... bored ... bored ... in sl ... bored ... bored ... GAH ! 
:D my mommy's funny ... 
oh btw - i'm making my own prom dress !! who all is going ? 
:D mom ... your funny ... your really ... reeeeallly funny :D 
i'm half way done with my dress ! well at least ... nearly half way - and the rest is/should be easy-peezy-squeezy ! :D 
this is not good .. not good at all ... 
Cayte Matthews So - woke up at 10 . Cut everything out for dresses . Soccer game at 3:30 in Alameda . Won 8-0 . I was so bored in the Goal Box , I could have finished my SSR Book for English lol - it was sad - we were dancing around like doofuses 2nd half . Ended the game with 7 v 11 . yea - ick .. Got home , started sewing , and i have a bun ... ch done ! More sewing tomorrow !!! GAH ! Break ? Nah .. Almost done ! :D 
MY DRESS IS DONE !!!! :D and it looks real nice ! oh yea - so today - up at 10 . sewing at 11 . mom decided video time would be fun while me and < PROPFEMALE > sang to music and worked on our stuffs . so she's stoked . and ... well .. yea . i finished my dress . < PROPFEMALE>'s is almost done . And unfortunately - school tomorrow :( well . yea . nighty night ! next soccer game - May 8th . 2:45 at Hornet field on the Pier . will be an aggressive one ! 
So - i did my good deed for the day :D i feel accomplished ! 
so i guess i had an overall good day . i'm just hoping everything works out tomorrow ... 
nighty night . my phones out so yea - msg me ... please ? 
so my day was just oober weird . stupid driver this morning . decent day at school . got me a capp . and it was delicious !!! went to Wood to < PROPFEMALE > w Stebbins and Hartwig and got a couple girls to stop fighting , as well as taking scores for shotput . then i hit EVERY SINGLE red light in Alameda on my way home !!! gaH ! then i was behind slow people . and now i'm home - confused - and bored ... * tear * 
can i curl up in a ball and scream yet ? grr ... :P 
well i got home a bit ago , and this weekend was definately a trip lol . morning i got all prettied just to have a game in the afternoon where i got all kinds of messed up . then prom with my sister and our dates . then off to the hotel at 1 AM lol and me and < PROPFEMALE > drove around the bay all day today lol trying to get out of being lost ! i'm sore and tired but had a wonderful time ! w00T !!! 
isk ! my head is pounding ! maybe next time it wont be so bad - cause going from a bang on the head ( via metalish post ) to a loud and very enjoyable evening at prom , defninately did not help ! lol . and i STILL have work to do\ 
: Z 
i've been sitting too long lol ... and i'm too much in pain to move to clear off my couch to go to sleep ... grr .. i didnt get anything done today that i needed to . wait - not true - one thing :D i smiled :D alot ! \ 
goodnight 
goodnight :D my day got much better towards the end . hopefully tomorrow is all good . :D 
i'm home and i'm bored .. oh well . time to type and clean . msg or comment me peeze :D we shall talk 
slowly progressing , ... 
< PROPFEMALE > TIMEEEEE !!! W00000T ! 
JUST HAD A FRIGGIN AWESOME TIME WITH MY LOVEY < PROPFEMALE > Marhx . Went for Ice Cream , then the park where a group of guys got in trouble wit ' the copperz . Then home , dinner , and spent the rest of the time goofin off in front of the webcam ! lol pics up soon :D 
so yea - Prom pics are in and you should see my sisters !!! awe !!! it so purrrty :D .. 
totally NOT looking forward to this weekend ... 
ok - so i'm still not asleep - next time i wont have so much soda while playing darts and gettin all riled up ! lol .. game in like ... 10 hours .. wow - and i'm not even tired ... well goodnight ... < PROPFEMALE > KATS !!!! WOOT ! 
gah - just leave me alone already ! 
i dont wanna go .. :( i wanna sleep 
had a long day - up and down . time to get it goin ! lol .. goodnight boiiz ! 
the more i think about what will happen between now and this summer , the sadder i get . ... 
super exhausted . but yet i cant rest ... grrr ... hey texas buddies ! i'm tryina come down there for ur graduation ! can ya help me out ? 
totally stoked ! just ran into my former Girl Scout Leader !!!! w00t ! she's been around the world !! lol . sorry - that made my day :D 
* sigh * 
well thats just wonderful . i just finished my term paper , and will turn it in , but i'm sick ... tummy not so happy - so yea .. friggin sickies ... grrr 
so what is everyone doing for senior skip day ? 
grrr .... myyt head hurts .... night 
I wanted to but got interrupted . Now its just gona be awkward since its kinda obvious n out . . . . * tear * :( 
eyyy ! today was busy .. ish ... but i totally had a great time . made 4 new friends :D who are super cool :D but before that had an even better laugh with a better friend :D O.o :P \ 
i'm hyper now since i had a coke ... hehehehe well gotta get to bed . long day tomorrow yelling at random people :D * hugs* ! 
\aguackly ... \ " ~ < PROPFEMALE > Matthews " 
do i wanna say whats on my mind ? no ... because no one will know :D ... grrr ... :D g'night love 
had an awesome weekend ! fanime and < PROPFEMALE > cruz ... not lookin forward to school . but hella memories made this weekend ... and imma be hella sad when i leave ... :( 
wow ... just wow ... i'm so just irked i dont know what to say ... meow ...? lol ... goodnight 
well this is a b*tch . so f*ckin ' obvious . oh well . i tried . can't wait to be gone - then there'll be no worry i guess . * peace -.- 
Just a couple more days , and then it's off to the real-er world ! EEK !!! I need a big ol ' group hug ! lol .... * HUG * 
had the most interesting dinner ... and just finishing up some last minute stuff . not too bad i guess . i just wish all the drama would friggin stop . goodnight 
Yummy yummy food !!! Glad I took first final yesterday ! Me < PROPFEMALE > see fruity :) 
i can't believe its tomorrow ... less than 24 hours and its all over . * tear * 
So it's over now . And all I can think about is all the fun we all had . But last night was < PROPFEMALE > fun i'll never forget it . I love you all class of 2010 ! Stay in touch . and Congratulations ! WE DID IT ! Now what to do ? ... grrr 
Had fun today at the railway museum with my dad . Sister . Brother and grandma . Old town sac . Tomorrow ! Woot 
Today was a good make up some sleep till 5 PM then church for food at 630 . Now I just count down the months before I'm officially out of the house and working my arse off :P 
Long day . Lots to think about . But as i always say . . . I got this . 
Rafting was AWESOME ! but now i have i huge bruise on my < PROPFEMALE > ! But falling was sooooo worth it !! 
Poke me if you ever had a crush on me . Like this status if you think I'm cute . Inbox me if you ever wanted a relationship with me . Comment a (: if we're friends . Comment a ):< if you hate me . Comment a heart if you wanna be more than friends . Now let's see who is brave enough to put this as their status 
as if this could get any mORE annoying then it already is 
Not too dramatic of a day - still have my cough , but at least now its just a cough , and nothing with it :P . Still super tired . and I'm gonna look at a < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! and maybe another puppy !!! 
Grr I'm out for school ! 
gah !!!! i hate < PROPFIRST > ! 
Still at court but havin fun . This jury is awesome to talk to ! FREE COFFEE ! 
the only two things that will survive the next world war : cockroaches . and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Lyin bastard . Get ur fucking story straight and quit messin around ! On a lighter note . . . I got another funky tan today from waterworld . 
Im done . Bye . 
In ER . It sucks . 
Im out . Im ok . Just tired now . Good morning europe ! Lol 
Had fun hangin with Passion and Mahmood on the corner today . :P \did u do ur . . . Uh . . . * looks confused * . . Army ?. . Thing ? \ " -mahmood . Good times :) " 
can i just figure this out already ? ick ... too much stress to go along with waaaay too much drama . at least jury duty is fun - i get to < PROPFEMALE > with stranger friends for half a day every day ! awesomesauce !!!! 
can i just be gone yet ? gah ! ... stupid song stuck in my head - so catchy yet very depressing ... * tear * 
I just had a nice laugh - but good night for now ... hopefully that good mood will last through the morning tomorrow at least .. 
I just want out ! This is too good to be real . It must be a dream . Someone wake me up already ! :P 
So i'm home ... not in as much pain anymore , the doctors wasnt so bad . but leaving in the morning for a 13 hour road trip to washington state ... fun !!!! on to see the fam ! be back later ... :D 
too much on my mind ... and pain in my abs . not the good kind . i can't sleep - and i'm suddenly extremely depressed .. 
We made it to Ocean Shores , WA . Gonna be here for a few days .. good to see the grandparents again , but the company is irritating ... Now , i have time to sort out my thoughts .. hopefully ... do i REALLY have to \harvest\ " that lavender g.pa? ??? " 
wow - first , old memories coming to light , and now this ? what a way to spend the first night on vacation .. 
JEEZE ! Can she NOT get over the fact that I'm done taking attitude from her !!! Shit - I've got things i'm doing too ! ugh .... familly is soooo irritating ! 
So I feel like an offensive person now . And not the good kind ... If there is a good kind .... hmmmm . \ 
- But on a lighter note - I just got done having a delicious dinner - Fresh Oyster , Fresh Crab , Salad , Bread and Garlic Butter ... Yummy :D 
Just got back from the beach - Cold at first and very foggy , but then Grandma wanted to see how far out I could go without getting too wet - and i ended up getting soaked waste down ... the waves were splashing a lot :P . The Seagulls beat us to the sand dollars , but we are going to try again tomorrow . - Now I'm at the house , all toasty , and found shells in front of the house from the seagulls dropping them :P Cool ! 
O.o I think its time for s'mores!!! :D < PROPFEMALE > ! 
YUM YUM YUM !!! I HAD LIKE ... 3 s'mores with reese's and 4 with chocolate ! maybe more ... i stopped counting ! hehehehehe i'm hyper now :D talk to me !!! 
playing Burning Monkey Solitaire .. hella fun ! lol . I love the choices - currently i'm playing beleaguered castle ... sometimes i do like old computers 
today was AWESOME ! - pancakes w/ homemade blueberry sauce and cupcakes w/ tea for breakfast . got mad at dinner : chicken cordon bleu , scalloped oysters , green beans and baked potatoes . went rock/gemstone hunting at < PROPMALE > Point , played Mexican Train Dominoes ... I got 3rd place ! It was the most hilarious time ever . Just got done having quite an entertaining convo with my mum n g.ma and now ... i'm hecka HYPER !!! 
well now that i'm thoroughly annoyed/depressed/angered and what not , i think i will try to read myself to sleep :( and text a friend or two :D 
just got back from < PROPMALE > Point Beach again , and am about to eat some delicious pizza and play Mexican Train Dominoes again with my mom < PROPFEMALE > Christian , < PROPFIRST > , and my grandma Denier and grandpa Denier :D 
darn grandma !!!! i only was 10 points behind you in the end !!!! grrr .... oh well - it was a great set of rounds ! We are getting a copy to bring home with us !!! So if some of my friends wanna come over to learn - let me know ! its Mexican Train Dominoes !!! Fun , Social and Competitive :D 
with everything on my mind , and heading out in the morning - imma go pass out now . text me if you wanna talk - i'm always free :D .. ' night 
Heading out in about an hour to go see Aunt < PROPFEMALE > !!!! In oregon :D This will be interesting since i'm super hyper on coffee , and an amazing book in my head - every last detail - including the typo on < PROPFEMALE > 328 :P . I'm so excitttteed !!! I can't wait ! Text me if you got my number :D Imma be somewhat bored :P 
today was a laid back day - slept in , then went to the rock store , got some cool stuffs , came back had a great dinner of homemade < PROPMALE > n cheese , bbq'd chicken , salad , and bread with pesto . tried vanilla soy milk for the first time - amazing ! lol\ 
thenk took the cuzins out for a walk ; Irie was crazy about that ball !!! :P Vanka just laid back . Puck - < PROPFEMALE > n adorable , < PROPMALE > Cuzin < PROPMALE > , loud and obnoxious but sooo cute ! 
Just got back to cali - i'm at my mums . Had an AWESOME time in Estacada and < PROPFIRST > , Oregon . Went to the < PROPFIRST > County Fair with my Uncle < PROPFIRST > Denier . Had hecka good time . Wish I coulda stayed :D \ 
Anywho - I'm back so if y'all wanna < PROPFEMALE > - msg comment or text me . I'll have more update on my last days of vaca when i'm feeling better . 
\Its just smoke .... From an old flame ... The smoke disappears in the wind ... Its just smoke ... from an old flame - he'll look in your eyes ... tell you more lies ... girll then he'll burn you again ... \ " - ain't that the truth . " 
Been busy lately - and such a depressing time . I only got so many weeks left ... its insane . Contact me to < PROPFEMALE > out - and NOT an hour before . 
ok so ... 5 weeks and 6 days ! and i'm out ! .... uh oh ... 
4 weeks and 3 days .... its gettin closer !!! :P 
so my recruiters tell me i'm not leaving in october ... medical reasons push me back to the possible earliest of february ... : ''''''''' ( ... i'm pissed ! 
So i'm hungry ..... hmmm .. my sisters forgotten cocoa from this morning and my burritos .. :D good late lunch 
So I leave wednesday morning at 5 AM for a trip to TX to take care of my tests . And I ship out Oct 11th - and thats all I know for now . Keep ya posted . 
Just landed in < PROPMALE > . Be in midland in a couple hourz . 
I'm in Midland . Made it safe . IDK when I'll be back in town -but hopefully soon . 
If your brave you'll copy this into your status and see what people rate \ 
you . 1 ) Crazy . 2 ) odd . 3 ) Talkative . 4 ) Sarcastic . 5 ) Lovable . 6 ) smart . \ 
7 ) Special . 8 ) Funny . 9 ) Spoiled . 10 ) Mouthy . 11 ) Wild . 12)Goofy . 13 ) \ 
Funny . 14 ) Awesome . 15 ) Amazing . 16 ) Beautiful . 17 ) Cute . 18)Best \ 
...... friend . 19 ) Gangsta . 20 ) love me ! :) 
SATURDAY the 2ND of OCTOBER ! 11AM - 3PM . Little < PROPFIRST > Park - Potluck and BBQ . It's for sure :D I'll b back in town hopefully by wednesday the 29th . And will be leaving for good no later than 8 PM saturday october 2nd . Won't be back till at least mid-January - Comment if your coming ! - and include ideas of things we all can do ! 
Im on amtrak headin back to cali ! 
So goodbye California - Hello Texas ... 6 days and counting ! Then its off to South < PROPFEMALE > !... uh oh ! 
4 days ... its getting closer ... eek !!! and ya know . i been thinkin - the only thing i'm really scared of ... is the needles ! 
this is just gettting more and more frustrating .... 
I leave in less than 48 hours ... wow ... kinda weird ... 
so i have no change for a payphone and no phone ; so sorry no calls for now . \ 
i just got to < PROPFIRST > , waiting for my next plane to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , then its on a bus to Parris Island , South < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFIRST > Matthews , < PROPFIRST > Matthews , < PROPFEMALE > Christian , < PROPMALE > Smith and < PROPFEMALE > Matthews - I love you guys and i will be seeing you soon :D stay out of trouble while i'm gone ! I miss you all . 
i'm back ! i'm done ! I earned the title ! I'll be in Cali for 9 days . Hit me up ! 
So - I'm exhausted , I'm excited and I'm just starting out - its invigorating ! I can't wait to see home again ! I'll be at church Sunday morning , try to make it to EHS thursday if not earlier .. I have to set it up with the teachers :D \ 
See you soon ! 
Finallly back in Cali - When the plane hit , I was ssooooo happy ! 
just got home - had an amazing time with my bestie < PROPFEMALE > Flowers ! It's great to be home ! 
Feelin ' good - kinda confuzzled .... but thats to be expected . Heading to EHS tomorrow for a bit - then i'll be hanging out in alameda the rest of the day - hit me up if your free to chill ! I got a new number just ask me for it . 
I'm late .. now I have to reconfigure my whole day :( 
I never thought that rush would come back the way it did ... I felt so ... ALIVE ! Wow .... Good day in all :D 
Leaving tomorrow morning ! Wont be back for a while - I had a blast hangin with all whom I did ! :D Missed you guys ! 
Belated thanks to those who said Happy Bday to me :D I threw a grenade that day ! :D IT was AWWWWESOOOMe ! I'm coming home soon ! Miss you all . <3 
I'm kinda chill , waiting for more access to chocolate and hugs from my sis :D Talk to me people ! Miss ya ! 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! Hope you have a lucky one ! 
So . Today felt like the most wasted . day . Ever ... 
Great night . Exhausted but worth it . 
What do I have to do 
Its amazing what a little effort and will power can help you accomplish . Never ley any one tell you you can't do something , instead use that as inspiration to be better . 
Well - ... Time to finish this day and get on with the weekend ! 
I have a tail !!!! 
Sore !!!! 
Double shots esp . Are lifesavers ! 
Dennys has never been better !!!! 
Its kinda sad that when I was doing nothing with my life I was able to say things that meant something and helped . But now that im doing something productive , I cant think of anything creative or useful ! I feel so boring now , and im anything but ! Grrrr . 
Should be home for the weekend ! I have plans already , but if u wanna chill for a bit thats fine . Anyone else going to ehs sat . Night ? 
