There are times I wonder why I keep on going . But then I remember how strong I am . The will I have . I'm better than failure . 

I'm never working an overnight shift again . And when I say never I mean NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-EEEEEEEVER EVER .... A-GAIN ! 
FINALLY beat Psychonauts today . Totally worth the time and effort to track it down . 
Gah , why does this stupid thing keep logging me out ? I shall not be kept away ! 
Days off are really boring . Never thought I'd actually be looking forward to going to work . 
You know it's said that giving up is always the easiest way to deal with something . That the harder , and more rewarding thing to do is persist and stick with something no matter what . Well sometimes maybe easy wins out despite it being the bad thing . Maybe easy will just have to win this final round . 
Oh my dear lord I LOVE < PROPMALE > and cheese ! 
OH MY GOD .... METAL GEAR ! BLARAHHARAGAHAGHAGAGARAH ! 
I'm too fat ... I must change this . 
The 28th cannot get here fast enough . Time to let out all those bottled up feelings in one night . 
Over night shift with night crew + sudden change in my work schedule to work a four hour shift the same day = ZOMBIE 
Right now is one of those times where I just want to give up . I try to put on a strong face for everyone around me , but inside I'm breaking apart so badly . I still don't know what went wrong , what I did or didn't do . I miss it though . Not what it was at the end of everything , but what it used to be . When I knew they actually still cared . I'm not going to find that again . 
I know you'll probably never see this , and I don't care if you do . You ruined me . You took the last little bit of real hope I had and destroyed it . I hope you're pleased with yourself . You've done worse to me than anyone ever has , and over what ? Nothing that's what . I hope you're fucking happy . I didn't deserve this . 
The breath of life . The breath we must all take in the beginning . When first taken cannot be taken away . To exist . To be . Cannot be denied . Waste something as precious as time . The stars will all fall . I wouldn't mind . Through all the lies . I see you . I will survive . 
Blarg , I am headcrab zombie . That is all . 
Blarg , overnight shift+walking home in the cold = Ow . 
Infest was fucking amazing . Loved 2 Cents , but of course Five Finger Death Punch took the show . Only bad news is that my camera died . Oh and I almost got my leg broken , kicked in the face , and had someone land on my chest that was almost as big as I was . So all and all ( except the camera thing ) A damn good show . 
Bwahahaha ! Sickness cannot keep the headcrab zombie down ! Only guns , and fire , and sawblades can .... I just scared myself . 
Sometimes I really have to wonder . Are the things I believe to be true just that ? Or are they just illusions I've put up to comfort myself ? 
One day , I'm going to buy a cat . A maine coon to be exact . And I'm going to name them Shanks , because of my rogue on Morrowind . Then I'll slap the taste out of anyone's mouth that asks if I named them based on < PROPMALE > Potter . 
No one listens ... Because I'm somewhere in between My love and my agony You see , I'm somewhere in between My life is falling to pieces Somebody put me together ~ Faith No More 
Cab that dropped me off got stuck in the snow . I moved it to the side single handedly to help him get unstuck . I AM A GOD ! >> Ego moment . lol 
So I guess me being possessed sounds like a mumbly British person . Who knew ? 
I actually managed to get my hands on a copy of < PROPFEMALE > Megami Tensei : Devil Summoner 2 ! Freaking < PROPFIRST > Frost plushie , YAY ! 
That's it , I'm old now . Break out the Metamucil and prune juice . I'll get the wheelchair and the stick I'll use to poke all the young'ns with . 
Grabbin ' pills . :D 
Caedite eos . Novit enim Dominus qui sunt eius . 
Remember what I said about women in scrubs ? Well I came to realize today , women in fatigues = OMGWTF HOT ! 
Due to a bit of stupidity at work , I will soon be getting a $400 gift card from the corperation that I can trade in for other gift cards in the store . This means I will get to keep about $300 of it plus almost my entire next check . GameStop here I come . Soon to have 360 and I too will be GRABBIN ' PEELZ ! 
Thursday must come . Must get paycheck , must not snow . I have the gift cards , the 360 is so close I can almost taste it . 
I am now the proud owner of A Christmas Story on DvD . My life is now complete . 
I know ... it's just a game . But damn it , I'm starting to get paranoid when I go outside . 
I think I'm going to start carrying a guitar with me at all times . Maybe a firearm if I can afford it . Possibly a bottle of pain killers as well .... 
I think I don't update this thing enough . Either that or I don't have enough of a life to constantly update about it . Great ... now I'm depressed . 
Might I just reiterate from my last post ... FUCK SNOW ! FUCK IT ALL TO HELL ! 
Okay . I believe I'm sick of living again . Can I get off the ride anytime soon ? 
I have new purpose . I am unbroken . This is my absolution . 
It's funny . I almost feel depressed . But at the same time I'm laughing and joking and generally enjoying life . It just feels like there's a hole . A gap . A dark cloud that constantly looms over my < PROPFEMALE > days . I don't know how to get rid of it . And everyone around me seems so happy . And it's not like I'm not , it's just not always genuine . 
Feh , I'm sick of being single . 
Recently , I've grown very fond of the word \bumblefuck \"." 
Oh how I wish I was set free , of burdens in life , plentifully . But < PROPFEMALE > this weight I must , and pray my back it does not bust . 
BAH ! Being lonely sucks . Someone come and comfort/keep my company . Please ? 
There are times I worry that I don't have a heart left to break . That's when it seems to hurt the most , as if only just to remind me that it's still there . 
Part of me , wants to give up . Wants to believe that there can be no good in humanity . Become a bitter , broken husk of a human being and resent everything and everyone to my grave . But I can't , my heart won't allow it . I don't know why either . It seems incapable of actually giving up hope . I don't know if it's a gift or a curse . But whatever it is , it makes me who I am . Who am I to deny it ? 
Buh . That is all . 
Pancakes . 
I just love being called an \incompetent asshole\ " by some random jackhole on Xbox live . I didn't see them doing much better and yet they were the one doing the most bitching . " 
On this night , I close my eyes . I drift away to a place where I cannot be hurt . Safe from everything . Sheltered . Until that damned intruding bastard the sun pulls me away . To dream . To dream a dream that never ends . Where all is in my grasp , all is in my control . The world bends to my whims . Free . Free of it all . Now I just close my eyes . And dream . 
My service manager told me that ' an early shift is wasted on me ' today because I wasn't running straight home to watch the super bowl . This is one of many things that she's done lately to make herself slightly less attractive to me . I think she knows that I like her a bit too much and might be doing it on purpose . Or I'm just paranoid . Yeah ... paranoid . << 
Basically . Fuck this month . That is all . 
Addendum to previous post : Also , very much FUCK this entire day . 
Also , that last my was supposed to be a me . So there . 
Can it be March already ? Please ? 
Very very much , I do not like the snow . It can go away and not come back . So there . 
Let me tell you , there's no greater feeling in L4D2 than joining a quick match versus game and finding a team that you instantly click with . Sure you're all a bit iffy as the survivors , but when it comes time to play as the infected you can read and respond to each others moves perfectly . Domination , it's a team effort . 
Heh , I'm starting to pounce like a pro with the < PROPMALE > . Also my rep is up to four and a half stars . The people on L4D2 on XBL are starting to take note of me . Yay ! lol 
Oh goodie , my HDMI cable has crapped out on me . Now I have to wait til Thursday to get and XBL gaming or TV watching done . Fuck . 
So I've pushed my body to a breaking point . I've torn/pulled at least three muscles in the last week . Last night I felt like I couldn't even stand up anymore . But I did . In the words of < PROPFIRST > from the original Left 4 Dead , \It's a good thing I'm indestructible \"." 
Puh . Shit sucks . Just ... I hate everything . 
ALSO FACEBOOK NEEDS TO UPDATE MY XBOX LIVE GAMECARD ! I'm up to 3400 and it's stuck on 3110 . 
I don't know what I ate , but I believe I could power a small country . Let's just leave it at that . 
Why does no one ever play Hard Rain on versus mode ? For christ sake people , the Witches aren't THAT scary , are they ? 
Stupid dream + random bout of depression + moron customers + rainy day = not so happy < PROPMALE > . But don't worry , I can fake happy . I've done it before , I can do it now . Just plaster that stupid complacent smile on my face , say nice words to people who might get worried and everything will be okay . At least that's how it usually goes . 
Not to mention I believe I freaked out some co-workers by headbutting/punching more things that I usually do in front of them . But it's not like I did any actual damage ( to the property ) , so why should they give a flying fuck ? 
Buh , I can't decide if I'm feeling good or depressed . It's weird because I'm happy and all that but I can feel a dark cloud looming . Where's a weather machine when I need one !? 
And what ever may come , it slowly disappears . To somewhere in the back of my mind . It will remain there , until I wish to retrieve it . This mode is incredible , it's out of this world . Too bad that I must always leave it . But that's life . 
You . Can't . See . Me . For . I . Hide . Within . The . Umbra . 
Jumpin ' jehosaphat ! CLOWNS !? 
So , just got ODST the other day . Gotta say I love the feeling of actually feeling moral in a Halo game . Most the time when playing as < PROPFIRST > you tend to feel a bit too invincible when rushing in head long against the Covenant . This one you really feel like you need to use cover and a touch of stealth . Oh plus I loved seeing the story unfold from so many different angles . 
Ah , new bank account , now it's off to work to go play management for the day . 
Not entirely sure why , but I've been absolutly obsessed with Lamb of God and Metallica lately . There's just something about some good old fashioned metal that puts a calm in my soul . 
Sometimes , when I'm feeling really bad about the way I look or how my body is . I take a trip to my local Walmart , and suddenly walk out feeling much better about myself . <3 
There's just something about waking up and finding a text from someone very special to you telling you that they ' love you so flipping much ' . It tells you that today is going to be a really good day . <3 
Gah , I have to resort to Walmart of all places to get my Ps3 . I'm sorry GameStop . But at least I'll be buying God of War 3 from you today . 
Nothing is true , everything is permitted . 
Off to the bank to make a deposit . Probably going to stop by 7-11 on the way back . Yay for lunch from a 7-11 ! 
Last second change of plans on the way back . Slurpee from 7-11 and an Italian BMT from Subway . Can you say perfect lunch ? 
Also , holy freaking crap . Got an e-mail today saying that my local rock/metal station KBPI is counting the Mayhem festival this year as their Birthday Bash concert . Goodbye $50+ tickets , hello tickets for $10.67 . Just freaking awesome . 
Okay , track and comfirm says that my Warbeast is at least in my neighborhood post office . So if it doesn't show up today , heads will roll ... or at least I'll be angry about it . 
Okay , Warbeast just showed up . It's an amazing little piece of equipment . It'll just take a little getting used to . My arm is a bit tired already . 
BUH . My left arm ... wants to fall off . Someone make it better ! 
Well . I've had the best week and a half so far . But for some reason I've also been more depressed lately than I have been in a while . Don't understand it , don't think I want to . I just want everything to stop for a bit . 
Shoot light , get detected . Kill guard , get detected . Don't kill guard , get detected . Use gadget , get detected . Sneak around , get detected . Bump into traffic cone , get detected . WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME < PROPMALE > CLANCY !? 
Our service desk got robbed last night not twenty minutes after my shift ended . I was told someone came in , demanded money , then ran out . Security did nothing from what I heard , but then again we had one of the non-regulars there . I can't help but feel things would have been different if I had been there . No instead they go after my female co-worker Tunisha . This is going to eat at me for days . 
Guh , okay ... I'd like to stop existing for about a week or so . Just for a week . Though hopefully I can still get paid for that week . Some sort of loophole clause about a metaphysical anomaly forcing me out of existence constitutes a paid leave of absence . lol 
My god did today suck . Tomorrow better be better or else ... uhhmmmm . Or else ... it just better be better ! lol 
Yeah , right now I'm pretty much done . I'm sick of worrying my head off about everything . I'm sick of being so damned conflicted , I'm just sick of all of this . Hell I'm half tempted to just delete this and only emerge from my damned house when it's time to work . 
Another night gone by . I don't even care anymore . 
Maybe I'm just not meant to have a simple , happy life . Maybe every time I start to get everything going my way something is supposed to screw it all up . Maybe I'm just lifes little whipping boy to be pushed and shoved til I break . But hey , if that's my role in life , who am I to go against it ? Smile and take it til I break . That's what I'll do . 
I'd say what I want to right now , but I'm afraid I'd alienate myself . I'll just say this , I'm not too happy . 
Just got done watching Ponyo before I head into work . Best Redbox rental , ever . I'm going to have to go out and buy it here sometime . 
In all honesty , I'm starting to think I should just delete this thing . I hardly ever update it , it's almost useless to me . 
Guh , how about I just start sleeping all the time when I'm not at work ? Then maybe I won't have time to get all bored and depressed and what not . Then again that wouldn't leave time for gaming . Crap . Time for a new plan . 
Shit kind of sucks . Glasses broke , probably gonna be out on my own in the next few months , car starting to act broken . On the plus side , work isn't too far to walk , I'm head clerking all next week , and if I keep getting good hours , contact lenses will be next . Not sure how to feel about all this , but it could really be worse . 
I just found out that < PROPFEMALE > pie ice cream is just about the greatest damn thing to ever grace this entire existence . My taste buds have transcended into an age of flavor enlightenment . 
Woo ! I gots me a pay raise ! I'm up to a whole $11.03 an hour . Yay monies ! lol 
Just got done eating a drumstick . Haven't had one in a while and used my tongue to scoop out the last little bit of ice cream before biting into it . I feel rather skilled , yet oddly some how very dirty . 
< PROPFEMALE > Fistmas . 
Okay , so this is awesome . I ordered some Powerthirst from Canada about a week ago or so . Now come to find out , it's been stopped in Washington by customs to be checked over . So now I'm probably going to owe UPS even more than I already paid for it when it does show up . Is wanting to be UNCOMFORTABLY ENERGETIC really that much of a crime ? 
Okay so I've decided that I'm going to find some way to destroy the sun . Then I can go down in history as the person that single handedly brought about the extinction of the human race . But first , I finish my cocoa puffs . 
Okay , time to see if I can resist my urge to spend every cent that I get from work and actually save up . I have til september . Knowning me I'll be lucky to have maybe $200 by then , if that . 
Fuh , management today . Going to be dead by the end of the day . Goooooooo having a retail job ! Kill me . lol 
Just got done watching Diary of a Wimpy Kid , definetly worth the $4.99 rental price from Comcast . 
Though I may not always act like it , and may not always be the most positive person . I want to say and let it be known , I love my friends . Every last one of them . Be them the people I've known almost my whole life , or the people I've just gotten to know through work . You will all always have a special place in what's left of my heart . <3 
So right now I'm phoneless , over worked , sore all over , generally disliking work . In fact , sometime it almost pushes me to the point of wanting to do terrible things to the customers , or even myself . But things are also looking up , just sent an e-mail to my tribe , so hopefully monetary situations will improve . Yay silver-ish lining . 
It's good to see my friend < PROPMALE > back to work already . A seven-on-one beating isn't something easy to come back from . Glad to see he's taking it in stride . 
Sometime , in the somewhat near future , once I can decide upon a subject matter . Also , when I get my ass to drawing again . I shall make a shitty little webcomic , called ... STRONGER THAN CHEESE ! Expect it . 
Honestly close to giving up . Name Tag I've had for over two years , eaten by a lawnmower . Finger , damn near destroyed . Customers are ... mostly fuck heads . And to top it all off , $960 mysteriously disappears from the till when < PROPMALE > and I aren't there for all about a few minutes . Life is just so wonderful . 
OKAY ! Friggin < PROPFIRST > pulled the money last night and didn't bother to tell me . That's one heart attack I didn't need . But now I find out that we're not only losing our Assistant Manager , but our Service Manager < PROPFEMALE > too . Fucking hell the tragedies just don't stop this week do they ? 
LAST DAY ! All I have to do is make it through one more eight hour shift and then I don't have to come in for nine days straight . Shame my financial situation isn't a bit better or those nine days might be a bit different . But at least it's a management shift today , those always go by super fast . 
Welp , looks like I don't get my vacation this year . < PROPMALE > requested his this week and because of seniority he bumps me . Plus the rest of the year is pretty well full booked , so I'm screwed . Yay me . 
The time now nears four . \ 
I sit here awake still why ? \ 
Sleep I cannot find . 
Instead I post here . \ 
Nothing gained from what I type . \ 
I slip to madness . 
This is my last post . \ 
Now I shall give it a rest . \ 
Frying pan aids sleep . 
Honestly , it's amazing what a little reflection on your past will do to you . The people you've loved and lost , hurt and been hurt by . There are so many things I'd love to go back and change , so many people I'd wish I hadn't lost . A whole different lifetime I wish I could go back and recapture . I have to wonder just who I've become sometimes . I'm not the person I was even two years ago . 
I can't even say I'll be the same person just two months from now honestly . But it really makes me think about how I've changed and grown as a person . And not everyone in my life is always happy with the changes that happen within me . But really , shouldn't it be my thoughts on my changes that matter ? But really , I never come to a clear , concise decision on how I feel about myself a good 80% of the time . 
I guess what this multi-page rant is about is really not knowing what my life is doing right now . I miss my old carefree life where nothing could hurt me or phase me . But now I dwell on things . I don't know who to trust half the time anymore with anything I say . I just don't know anymore . A good life , love , happiness . Isn't that what anyone would want ? 
Then why is it that everytime I think I have at least one of those things , someone or something has to come along and take it from me ? Or am I just constantly fooling myself into thinking I've found what I want . But I really don't have it and maybe never will ? All I know right now is , it's me against the world , and if you aren't with me , you'll damn sure be against me . 
Just another obstacle that I have to take down to get what I want . And may God help whomever may choose to stand against me . I'm playing for keeps this time . Ready ? Set . Go . 
GAH ! Why must I have to sleep and go to work !? I JUST got Halo : Reach and I can't keep playing . Stupid actually having a life ! 
This is the most active I've been on here in a while . It scares me . 
The good pig made wee wee for you . 
Just got done watching my first anime movie since Ponyo . ' The Girl Who Leapt Through Time ' , so worth the watch if you ever get the < PROPMALE > . Had me laughing , on the brink of tears , and enjoying the heck out of it . 
My wall is being written upon quite a bit . But not by me ... someone.help.me .... 
Well this sucks . Of all the days I had to be completely broke , it had to be the day that the new L4D DLC comes out . 
So it locks me out of my account , then all of a sudden I get back in from an e-mail they sent me with a log-in button on it . THAT MAKES ALL THE SENSE IN THE WORLD ! * facepalm * 
Just stayed up til 5:30 am watching The Karate Kid ( the new one ) . Either I need sleep or it was just that good a movie , I'm sitting here on the brink of tears . Then again it's been a while since I let myself just up and cry . Every time I feel the need to I fight back the tears with some sense of foolish pride . I don't know anymore . Troubled sleep , here I come . 
So I think I finally got this thing set for my phone . Or at least it isn't trying to ban me for logging in from it . Also Hotmail is being stupid . Bad Hotmail , no treat for you . 
Okay , I know I have to be productive today . But damn it all , I don't want to be . It's my day off ! 
Aw screw it . I don't wanna clean my room right now . Shower time ho ! 
Well I just got done watching Toy Story 3 . I can definitely see why it had lots and lots of people around my age bawling their eyes out in the theaters . Not that they'd admit to it . lol 
Me - \So basically you're say that there's absolutely no positive in the world . \ " \ 
Just got done playing the demo version of < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs the World . So going to download it once I get paid , am also in the process of downloading the movie . Question here is , why haven't I made the effort to watch this sooner ? 
Okay , so totally just got done watching < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs the World . Very much worth staying up til 3:30 to watch and only getting five hours of sleep before work . Also I believe I shall use Google Chrome from now on for most of my internetting . It's working rather nicely for me so far . 
Also as an interesting side note , my Windows Live Messenger actually defaulted to Google Chrome when I went to check my e-mail through it . Okay , now is time for sleep . Right now ... well ... potty time first . Not that you all needed to know that . Okay , stopping typing now ... 
I swear sometimes I wonder if half these customers have even half a brain cell between them . 
I feel old now . I was looking at some chat rooms , things I used to go into no problem . Now I just can't imagine going into one . What's happened to me ? 
Of course it's funny . I used to spend all day in the old MSN chat rooms . Heck , I met some of my best friends ever there . Like < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Wasted lots of time in those , almost miss it . 
Have you ever wronged someone ? Now don't lie . We all have at one point or another . Now have you ever carried that guilt with you for years , about five or so years now to be exact ? Now the only thing you can think about is trying to find that person and say that you're sorry for what you did to them . Well , try as I may , and despite my incredible internetting powers . I simply cannot find this person . 
I'm not even sure they'd want to hear from me ever again , but I've always just wanted to say , I'm sorry . I doubt I'll ever find a way that I can contact them either . Not if they don't want me to . But it was wrong to let someone come between our friendship the way that they did . Maybe one day I'll get to actually say it to them , but they were one of my best friends . I'll always < PROPFEMALE > this guilt . 
Interestingly enough , I may have to eat my own words . I think I may have found a way to contact them . Question now is , do I ? I want to , but they seem to be doing well for themselves , and the last thing I want to do is remind them of a hurt from the past . Oh bother . 
I think what it comes down to is , I'm afraid to be myself . I'm so scared that I won't accomplish what I want , that I won't surround myself with the people that I'd like to . That I rarely let me be me . I always have some front up or some act going . But not always , there are a few that have had the < PROPMALE > to see the real me . Honestly I'm surprised they're still around . 
Though I guess what I'm really getting at here is , I don't want to be 25 . My life isn't what I thought it would be by this age , and I hate myself for it . I hate myself for living at home still , for not having enough money to support myself , for not having someone by my side to share in this life with me . Really , I'm scared I'll never have these things . I'm scared , that I'll be a failure . 
You know , I'm really starting to hate how absolutely unphotogenic I am . 
Last.fm has been my best friend lately . Also it's been a horridly emotionally draining day . Had a dream that I'm guessing meant my < PROPFEMALE > Hunkle finally passed away . He just showed up at random , we played , we ate , we laughed . Then just before I woke up he got this really sad look on his face . He curled up on my bed and just started purring . I laid down with him , and that was it . I woke up . 
Even if that means what I thought it meant , I'll never forget him . My little Hunkle < PROPFEMALE > , my little brother , my best little friend . My first < PROPFEMALE > ever . You'll stay with me forever , no matter what . I love you . <3 
So I'm getting a bit sick of life in general again . I'm thinking of making < PROPMALE > changes . One of those is getting motivated to possibly join up with either the military or the < PROPMALE > Police Department . But for now , we'll just have to see , won't we ? 
Can I just say that I REALLY WISH I WOULD HAVE BEEN FOREWARNED THAT I WAS WORKING AT ANOTHER STORE TODAY . Assholes . 
You know , sometimes it feels like I'm constantly on the outside of life looking in . Like that's just how my existence is supposed to go . 
I am currently at work , and currently ready to kill someone . I wonder if there's a connection . 
Still sick , throat not exactly being nice . SOMEONE KILL ME ! 
If I've learned anything in my 25 years in this existence , it's always expect to be betrayed . No matter who it is , how you know them , or how much you've come to trust them . But at the same time , always be ready to return their stab to your back , with a dagger in their heart . <3 
Now is coward killing time ! 
\You vogue like a pirate . \ " - My friend < PROPMALE > to me . " 
Fuck snow . 
Oh ? I'm sorry , did you want to return that merchandice from the other store AND try to shoplift at the same time ? Haha , not a < PROPMALE > . I love it when security coordinates with me to bust shoplifters . Feels damn good . 
IF I AM SITTING BY THE SELF CHECK STUFFING MY FACE WITH CHIPS AND FUCKING ABOUT WITH MY PHONE IT MEANS I AM ON BREAK AND LEAVE ME ALONE . Assholes . 
My god I am never doing this again . Give me back my midnight shifts and I'll be happy . Also , IF NIGHT CREW WOULD WORK FASTER AND SUCK LESS THEN I WOULDN'T HAVE TO HELP YOU ! 
Pardon the gross level here , but I just love when I'm trying to be nice and quiet after I sit down to use the bathroom at work . Then next thing I know the whole store knows what I'm doing in here because I failed at being quiet about it . 
Is there anything you can put into a google image search and NOT get some kind of porn ? 
Welp , I believe that thanks to Netflix I've started to watch Samurai 7 rather obsessively . 
So it's official . He's dead . The man that tormented my mom and I for countless years , < PROPFIRST > is dead . MS finally took him back in November from what we're told . All he left my mom , was a $ 12,000 debt . Not much more to say really . 
My god < PROPFIRST > , SHUT UP . I CAN'T BELIEVE HE WON'T SHUT UP ! 
Sitting here in the dark , it's almost midnight and I'm playing Guitar Hero : Metallica . Fuck Yeah . 
Huh , so I guess something I made in passing back in 2007 on 4chan is all over the internet . Never thought that would happen . 
Someone , please be my lighthouse as I sail my ever shrinking sanity ship through this ever expanding deep black sea of ignorance . 
So I almost drop a ladder on my head TWICE . Then have some customers get all pissy because I wasn't up front to check their pathetic little fucking order . Seriously , fuck people . 
Guh . My face is mostly hairless now . It feels weird . If I can find my brush to do something about my tangled horrible hair , I might even post a picture of my newly shaven face . 
With all the death suddenly surrounding me , I don't even know how to feel anymore . It's a truly numbing experience , I'd only hoped I wouldn't have to learn of it until I was much older . 
I'm getting seriously sick of my moms bouts of extreme childishness and immaturity . I mean hell , when she doesn't get her way or gets angry , first thing she does ? Marches into her room and slams her door shut . Neighbor annoying her , instead of ignoring it , she provokes her by banging the pipes right back at her . I thought people were supposed to mature more when they got older . 
Still not sure what's exactly my < PROPMALE > malfunction . But I've found myself very very fond of My Little Pony : Friendship is Magic lately . 
Sometimes I really have to fight back the urge to look someone in the eyes and say , \You know this the SELF check right ? \ " \ 
Why is it so damned hard to find shirts that come in the 5XLT size ? I mean people my size really aren't that uncommon , are they ? 
Also , I SO HAVE TO GET MYSELF AN EGYPTIAN MAU ! They're just too damned adorable . And I'll name it Bumble and it'll be awesome . 
So I'm sick , just had food poisoning the night before , and I have to walk to work today . Oh the customers better not suck today or I'll lose it . Also , my hair sucks today . 
