MY BEAUTIFUL AMAZING GIRL ! I LOVE YOU ! 

I love my < PROPFEMALE > !!! I LOVE YOU BABY !!!! 
Now I'm on the other side of the coin . 
It's come time to be myself . about damn time 
i did what was for the best . . . . . now kill me 
song : walk away by five finger death punch . im kinda single-ish 
Wow . Back to Great Falls ? 
you guys to to f-off and leave her alone 
about 5:26 AM . Haven't slept . Can't sleep . To much to think about and do and what not . wow . Alright I'm going back to just laying here 
Starting to hate social networks . Their always full of bad news 
I tend to listen to my dreams . Somehow they guide me where to go . Might move might not . Well see . It was a weird dream . 
I know what I have to do and how i'm gonna try to do it . Just have to see if it works . 
Hey check out Deth Label . MT band . Really good 
Trying to write a song . One down . I don't have a name for it however . Gonna have to come up with something 
Have some cool teachers . Still with almost nobody in any of my classes it's gonna be gay 
School is going and so is time , so take advantage of every opportunity and forget the \What Ifs ? \"" 
Finally I have updated pictures up . 
And as all of these people try to change me all I can think is please shut the fuck up . \ 
Adley Kreider Original 
How come i'm over joyed when everyone around me is suffering ? Its because i'm F'ing awesome thats why ! A.K. Original 
I love the way i am and their is no changing in the future . And if that means you hate me , then stay the hell away . That would make me happy . A.K. Original 
Get to start drivers < PROPMALE > on Monday , woooo ... 
Why can't people just see that what they need is right in front of them ? :( 
just got home from < PROPFIRST>'s . i lose service their and my phone dies . Gay 
wow I don't even know this person but they make me want to shoot them in the face and scream \ dude just so you know I DON'T LIKE YOU AND STAY AWAY FROM HER \"" 
Just made a new shirt , and it reads ( Back ) \People are great ... I'M JUST BETTER ! ( front ) MR . AWESOME 2\ " Next shirt will read ( Front ) \ " Bricks don't talk ( Back ) SO SHUT UP ! " 
Why is it that most people need lots and lots of good things to be happy and have a good day , but it only takes one little thing to ruin that day and make you forget the good ? 
Homecoming , B-Day and some other crap happening tomorrow . great 
I'm feeling good about the future , I'm forgetting the past , and I'm in the present doing my best to change the future and shape my past so when i'm gone you all will know where i am and how i got their because when today ends and tomorrow begins i'm gonna be remembered for how I prevailed and not how i'v failed\ 
A.K. Original 
If you have anytime to ever think about me , then do it because your always on my mind for whatever thats worth i try to make you happy , but I can't theres no real opportunity for me to do what it is that i need to . I can feel it in my bones , there so heavy , but I don't stop no i won't stop for nothing i'm on my way and for those who don't like it they can fuck it 
anyone want to check out a movie tomorrow let me know 
Theirs times in this world where we all have some problems and it takes all that we have just to come back from them , but thats easier sad then done and we are almost done why should we put up with these problems when we could just grab a gun ? Its for the thrill of the fun and were never gonna get so undone that we end it on a lousy problem that we could over if we just try some 
Done . 
Pretty girl , pretty girl i love you yes i do , pretty girl love me too i'll give all i have your so sweet your so pretty I need you . So pretty girl I'll be here every time you come around , pretty girl pretty girl I hope you see that I love you ... 
I Do all that I can to show what i'm worth but keep coming up short in the eyes of who matter to me so I move off to the side and let you be on your way to the next to attempt to impress , but I feel such a need to make you smile and be the reason you breath I can't stand to see another occupy that position i strive to be in . 
Look in my eyes and my heart is yours , reach out and touch my soul ... I truly adore you and always have i'll stand by your side , forever yours . And I'll come running by every time you call for only to help you though this all . When life stands up and you fall ... i'll always to catch you and be your wall . 
still yours forever 
.... 
clocked behind this veil of secrets and lies is a truth that waits to be discovered only time will revile the life contained until all realize what is truth and what is truly lies 
Baked off your and in thrown in the devils oven I lay and burn like a < PROPMALE > in the < PROPFEMALE > but even < PROPFIRST > down in < PROPFEMALE > didn't have the weed needed to get him high this time so he took his soul and fiddle made of gold back down to hell were we light it up until fire fell in around us . 
You may say I mess around , you may say i'm loser but don't you tell me that I didn't care I just think that your beautiful and I can't think when your next me . I just need you in my life i will hold and surrender my nights , let me focus myself to you , I could be true to you . Just don't say i don't care . 
Help me now I'm so down , need a little lift to be back on my feet thats all i need . If thats to much I'll understand and stay here on my back < PROPFEMALE > around until I do what I need to help myself . So profound this fee < PROPFEMALE > of helplessness a turtle knows how to roll back and fourth ohhh i need to learn how to roll back and fourth back and fourth ... 
For the sunshine of day will never be cast once again onto your beautiful face , and i will not have another < PROPMALE > to look deep into your eyes and because of this I will forever walk the dark nights until I find you my love in the light of you and I . 
Damn this movie always makes me cry a wee bit . Good video 
another closet fav . movie : time travelers wife ( sad movie ) . My all time cry every time movie is ........ The Notebook . Hell yes 
I just wanna tell you I love you\ 
I just want you to know . Everything thats between us I would risk it all ..... for you . Sweetheart your so beautiful to me I don't know to do , what to say , how to get this feeling though to youu . You make me sick you make me sing you make me want to tell you I love you every day but it seem some feeling gets in the way I hate how can't tell you how I feel cuz its all I truly want to do . 
Oh baby oh baby I need a little love straight from that little hart of yours , so just pump a little off and leave it on the side for me to steal , I won't tell if you don't care and my love will be always nice a prepared when you need some back when you fell down . 
\There are things known and things unkown and in between are the doors ... \ " \ 
\you've turned to a monster \"" 
Justice at last this week . I'm happy for you 
Why is it every morning I awake i look for your posts to reach into your mind , but don't know a damn thing about you other than what i've read ? 
Shakespeare's Macbeth is actually a really great story . Surprising . 
Damn it , shut off my computer without putting the number in my phone . \ 
text me if you want , 885-3188 
go to hell Austen < PROPMALE > 
prick 
Mr. < PROPFEMALE > You speak directly into this soul of my . Your amazing music could be called \Gay\ " however I do think it is simply amazing and fills my heart with joy . Thank you for great songs like Grace < PROPFIRST > . I enjoy it . Yeah " 
DUDE < PROPFIRST > K . I DO NOT SMOKE WEED ALRIGHT ? DAMN MAN I JUST HAVE AN explosive PERSONALITY SOMETIMES . \ 
HA 
wow < PROPMALE > Mars talks to me too I guess . What a good arrangement of songs . Whoever made my playlist is a fricking genius 
I love you , my friends , text me if you feel the feeling ( HA ) if not goodnight to all . 
Good morning my beautiful , know I will never leave you unless you force my out . I promise to always give my all to you and try my hardest . I love my beautiful morning :) 
Who really does enjoy Monday ? 
I have no words to share today , no metaphors to be swept away , just a few little minds the let you know that I am still alive . 
\Breathing deeply walking backwards finding strength to call and ask her .. \"" 
Damn I Enjoy Bloxorz a little much 
Sitting back and loosing yourself in some alternative rock/punk rock can do some good some days . 
Austen F'N < PROPMALE > is a F'N B'A , O'K ? 
Good morning Friday . Lets makes this one good 
Friday , you pulled through and really made this a great day . Thanks and can't wait until I see you again a week from now . 
Movie tonight whooooo , great 
what is the best way to describe how you feel 
nobody looks up enough 
Square One , I'm back . 
One day bump , But missed going into the rut . I'm ready now . 
Lets get shit done 
Come with me , and I promise to treat you right , make you happy , and give you all you want 
DAMMIT 
YES ! I bought new headphones ! 
Over 6 billion people in the world , 195 countries in the world , 7 continents in the world , 50 states in the US , 51 cities in Montana , 77 towns in Montana , and I met you . What are the F'N ' odds ? 
Thanks Facepage 
Wednesday ..... thats pretty much it 
THAT DOUCHE SHOULD GO INTO THE BATHROOM AND DROWN HIMSELF . 
Just keep on trying , even if you don't achieve what you < PROPFEMALE > keep trying . Its the best we can do in this world . A lot of what we do is overlooked and unnoticed but you know when you have tried and given 100% . Keep on trying 
\The truth may set you free but first its going to piss you off . \"" 
Do you ever feel helpless ? Like you just can't make this ? Like maybe its worthless to try and create this ? You may be right . 
What are we doing this weekend ? Anyone ? 
So when all else fails , when you feel lost , trapped , and all alone , try and remember that you life lies within your hands . You have the power to change it , and everything hangs on the hinge of a single moment . 
Dammit ! Why can't I just make things right ?! FUCK !! 
Soul equals meaning , thats you , but your leaving , so take my soul I don't need it , I won't need it because without you I feel like led . \ 
My heart , your hands , my life , your plan . What I need , what I want , See your face and see my tears , I need this , I feel this . You feel this ? Oh baby just heal this ! \ 
oh I just need to see your face again , I love the way you smile and tempt my heart with eyes ... 
I'm sorry , I do miss you . 
I just feel like breaking down and letting go . 
I like to think we create our own lives . That there is no all powerful or fateful plan . Just me making what I want . Sometimes we just can't do everything . I guess that focus < PROPFEMALE > and drive isn't always enough 
Friday night , Good music and Facepage . Just what I wanted ;) 
We drop our fears and pain ... \ 
So our souls can soar 
Wow I really want to die before all of you 
Absolutly no reason to get up today 
Sunday , No egotistical comment really fits today ... damn 
A nice day out makes me feel great , refreshed , amazing . You make me feel , wonderful , new , perfect . hmmm ... now we need to talk haha 
Focus is regained today , but lost tomorrow 
I have a smile 
And as I walk out the door , I see you walk in ... Then decide to stay with . 
Sweet , so wow . Felt like I went a little down hill today . 
Wow just reading comments , tells me this guy is an ass whole . Austen i really don't like that guy 
Baby you and me are like magnets constantly pushing and pulling away and together until were together i'm a keep pulling you closer , and though you push me away i won't take it personally because I want this though you don't I know but I'm stubborn and won't allow you to turn you back and walk away , I'll follow , 
All of you people who have never given a damn about me , I'm sorry I couldn't make you care . 
