bored on new years , and was hit on by 40 year old woman at the bar :( 

I'm making a new facebook profile and is trying to get use to this overly sensitive laptop 
is sore from ju-jitsu 
getting for the new school schedule , and he already feels tired 
hates his job and wants a new one 
has gotten rid of a pain in the ass virus off his computer 
first day of school , feels good except for math , crap 
one class every friday and its my least favorite , ugggh 
already screwed up a school assignment , dammit 
hopes to make up for yesterdays stupidity 
the 2:30 to close shift all weekend , thats 3 months i've done it , fucking bullshit 
needs to stop flinching like a bitch every time a punch is thown at him . frikkin eh it pisses me off 
is most likely quiting his job 
planning college visits and the future 
work making him have his reveiew on his day off , fuck me 
is going to try and find a more traditional martial arts school 
looking for something to do friday night , with alchohol 
hates fortune cookies now 
one exam , one research paper , done . One exam to go 
got a philosophy test in 20 < PROPFEMALE > a combined effort of 8 hours of study I better ace it 
work must bow to my will 
Another quiz done one more to go work better accept my new schedule or i am screwed 
QUESTION . UNEMPLOYMENT VS WORKING AT WALMART WICH SHOULD I CHOOSE 
3 exams next week , god school sucks , I havent been able to go the gym enough 
thinking of dropping a class for the greater good , hmmm , also on another note , beer pong is awsome , ecxept when you lose to someone who has never played it before . :( 
2 exam and 3 papers ..... fuck 
i hate the uw sytem 
one paper and one exam down , 2 more papers and 1 exam to go 
going to bed now for work , got to wake up at 1:30 am ... god I hope someone pushes me tomorow I would be so happy to clobber someone 
would it kill the school to shove snow off the sidewalk ? 
Finals and portfolios .. stressfull and tiring it is 
portfolio due Thursday , 3 finals next monday ....... arrggghh ! 
I have worked on a portfolio since 9 this morning with only two more paper to edit , God I better at least get a B on this thing 
I AM DONE WITH THIS STUPID PORTFOLIO , JESUS CHRIST THIS TOOK ME 14 HOURS JUST TO DO THE STUPID THING , and now to work out , relax , then study for the 3 exams i have monday 
have hours of studying behind me for all 3 exams tommorrow , but there is till may more 
20 minutes untill phi exam . must get a on exam . 
exams are now over , the semaester is now over , now I rest . Oh wait now I have to apply everywhere ... crap . 
blazing saddeles is still awsome 
a B- in english , with all the bullshit i went through and how hard I worked , thats what she gives me , if i knew the symbol for middle finger i would type that in right now 
hmm , 3.1 gpa , alot shorter than I expected , but atleast as a transfer student i got a better advantage over the little high school kiddys . 
wearing contacts for th first time , its so weird 
trying to figure out how to write a college letter that is absolutly perfect . 
xbox live is a bitch 
i'm bored , my back hurts , and I want to get drunk , someone call me . 
am nowing doing karate , hapkido , and ju-jitsu . I feel like the karate kid . 
party at occonocmowoc 
Fucking math and sociology ! Curse you ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Stone I hate you 
Up at Stout hanging out with Dooski . 
go up to Stout to have a good time , instaed catch Dooskis roomate masturbating .... not cool . 
May not be able to MMA anymore :( 
FAFSA is a pain in the ass 
bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored bored 
Watched Hangover for dads birthday . Sweet 
almost got another ticket , god I think that my car is cursed 
studying for scoiolgy exam , sit ups , < PROPFEMALE > stone , then SLEEP . Yes I can actully sleep in on fridays 
FAFSA all done ... we wait . Now I'm bored , someone got soething goin on 
Bored 
FFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WWWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has gotten accepted to UW-Milwaukee . Yeah ! 
A year and half of working my ass at walmart and when I am tellIng them Im quiting all I get is an \aww ? \ " WTF " 
no one wants deanys i guess :( 
has offically quit MMA :( Stupid money 
< PROPFIRST > is bored someone call him to do something 
Is now free of Walmart 
Needs spring break now 
mmm jameson whisky 
not a belnder 
I shouldnt have to do homework right now ... stupid math program make it due sunday night 
IS GOING TO SCHOOL IN HAWAII , FUCK YEAH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
200$ for a tution deposit .. :( 
just got accpected to the other school in Hawaii , now which one do i go to ? 
7 hours of studying done , God I better pass this exam 
need to work on my kata 
I may or may not have been told that my entire college is payed for .... holy shit ! Also I am free tonite so if anyone wants to do something call me or post me . And Rhiana pick up your phone ! 
hates talking about politics with father 
Oh finacial aid process and college , why can't you be simple , why !? 
too .. much .. homework ... ugh 
making me wake up at 5:30 to go to a meeting .... Home Depot I hate you as much as I hated walmart 
its starting to annoy me with all the drama and people lashing out becasue of thier own insecurites . Seriuosly your preacious little ego will live and both parties usually don't mean what comes out of thier mouth . Grow up 
college will be all payed for , yes . 
my dad told me imigrants from Mexico are pouring in the country to take back the SouthWest by < PROPFIRST > and this immigration law in Arizona is meant to fight back .......... :( 
mom is goin crazy , so it begins .. sigh 
Q : Why are men like blenders ? \ 
\ 
A : Every woman who has one doesn't know why 
can't ... seem ... to .. study ... but ... must ,.... then ... hawaii 
done with , exams now want t party 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Dio 
Home Depot can go fucking die 
am seriously thinking of going back to Walmart 
want to be saturday , so I can get smashed and take out my troubles 
work changes my schedule and availibility without telling me 
Ran No Jidai , the game will be mine 
almost had a heart attack , thought I was not recieving any of my finiacial aid , whew 
is unemployed 
now knows where he is living next year , not too bad but looks very similar to Stouts dorms though 
is looking for a job 
Is bored and wants to actualy do something this weekend 
Has gone up in rank at the dojo 
Unemployment ... yeah its really , really , really , really boring 
gets to dig ditches tomorrow , hurray !, why ! 
being made to dig trenches tomorrow , for the 3rd day in a row .... fuck 
i need something to do for the weekend 
hangover and superbad on at the same time ... ehhh ! so hard to chose 
T . V is broke 
joints ... why have you forsaken me 
my elbow just exploded , ow ! 
computer is infected with a virus that I can't get rid of , FUCK ! 
thanks to all who showed up ... all 5 out 50 of you , though some did have reasonable excuses 
Hawaii in 2 weeks its started to sink in and oh shit there is so much to do 
thanks for everyone who wished me a happy birthday 
last week in wisconsin 
wants to sign up for classes now and finds it stupid that he has to wait a week before school starts to do so 
2 more days 
I m in hawaii now , so much to do , so much to see , and yes the wather is perfect . and gas is 3.37 a gallon 
is sad that he math didn't transfer , bu happy that tutuion is 10,000 dollars cheaper 
Has enough credits for the semester , but didn't get entirely what he wanted , my schedule is really messed up . The only thing I miss from Waukesha 
the wheight room is a big dissapointment , the football palyers get all the nice things 
its offical its the beer is Heiniken in Hawaii 
can do both karate and ju-jitsu , sweet ! 
all my teachers are either Japanese or Austrailian , huh 
cheap beer night in Hawaii- $3.00 .... this isn't Wisconsin anymore 
the laundy here sucks 
Japanese class is really fucking hard 
my Japanese teacher is an evil person and moves way to fast 
can't even float in salt water 
met his very first crazy relgious person today , and has passed the < PROPMALE > quiz after failing all the mini quizzes in Japanese , there is still hope . 
i hate my computer so much , so very much 
has lost his voice 
hates being sick 
is suprised he dosen't have a nickname yet , its usually at this time he gets one 
my Japanese teacher just made fun of anime nerds ... this just made my day 
no jersey 
last night at waikiki , asked for drugs , saw a transvestite , walked the entire beach , and friends our now banned from a hotel after sneaking into a pool totally plastered ..... hmm 
checking out housin and jobs , want to stay here for summers as well 
i have found a way fix OUR country's education system , the abacus 
people who start fights always have the same look insecure and pathetic 
I tried using a computer in the library but could . t because the smell of weed covered the chair 
is studying for Japanese better pass even though she is way to picky and picks favorites ! 
I've been reading some my friends post , who have come to hawaii like me , from other states , and it always funny how that when we make a negative remark on whats going on in our lives we get bitched at by our other friends at home just because we are in hawaii . Don't people have problems no matter what the weather is like ? 
80 degrees here and snowing at home ....... haha 
13 or 16 credits , stupid lab class your throughing me off 
I HATE REGISTERING 
meh 
is back in Wisconsin ... I thought it would be colder 
i miss beaches , scantly clad women and span musubi already 
you know your from Wisconsin when you shovle the driveway in 20 degree weather with nothing buy a T-Shirt 
Grandma has two lumps in her lungs and back great 
spent 12 hours on the plane and a combination of coke a cola and beer plus very bad turbulence equaels vomiting 
saw some chickens on way to 7/11 , went to north shore , at shit boogie boarding , went crab hunting , interesting day 
its sad when you know more about Confucious and Daoism thn your teacher 
communist revolution book store , happy ending massage right next to each other .... hmmmm 
Earth the book-\Tread light around jupiter it has herpes \"" 
there had to be a hawaiian on the steelers , so now Im get shit for being a Packer , so to all the people who hate the Packers ..... Fuck You 
Mr. Harwit you sem like a nice gu but you know very little about what you are talking about 
deductive logic you are becomeing a lot easier 
Quote of the day-GOD DAMMIT NEW MEXICO , YOU ALWAYS SUCK ! 
had to choose between Dragon age 2 and Shogun total war 2 , flipped a coin shogun won , wich I could have bpth though 
I feel like an ass for makeing a Tsunami joke now 
spring break you are so close 
hungover 
sucker punch ..... meh 
