I know I didn't drink that much on NYE , so I think it was the food . I feel like my head may never spot spinning and my stomach is well .... in repair . 

This week is a tight schedule . I will have to be crafty if I want to make it all happen .... 
Gloomy days make me feel better about working all day on a Sat . 
is going to make someone very happy tonight with a good ol ' fashion'd Deep Tissue Massage . And ppl call this work , pshht ! Baby S*#@ .... lols ~ ! 
Good night ppl ... hope ur all dreaming of happy thoughts ....! 
This day feels like the calm b4 a really big storm . 
Thinks his talk of < PROPFEMALE > weather is nonsense ... 
Going out to shoot some pool with my Homies .... Njoy ur evening ppl ! 
Happy 4th of July .................... Cheers to all my friends ! 
Today my ppl .... was a very good day . 
is craziness ............ 
WOw ... This week has really shed light on how life really throws you into a tailspin , of course in a good way . I only hope I made as good impressions on the others as they did on me ! Peace out yo's!! 
I just saw Public Enemy , I thought it was fantastic ! Great cinematography and Chicago looks AMAZING as always .. >> ! 
at home Chillin ' .... 
at 12:35 am this morning ..... my cat < PROPMALE > passed away .... :( .... It happened out of nowhere , and I think sucks the big WTF right now ! He was 3 years old . 
The Body can only handle so much stress before it starts to falter . Sore throats are just the beginning , hope this passes quickly ! 
Anyone want to come over and do my laundry ? I'm have decided that I'm too comfy sitting on the couch to get things done ~ ! 
The Dead Weather are freakin ' AmaZiNG ~ ! Their live show was outstanding , a great sound that really gets you foot stompin'! Checkem ' out stat ! 
Sad to see good ppl move away , yet always glad to meet new ( i.e. attractive/single ) ppl as well ! Maybe I will see her again .... 
Good morning ppl .... 
Finding that next step .... hopefully quickly ! 
has been at work since 6:30 am . Will I ever get use to this ? 
needs sleep .... and a massage . Stat ! 
Has ne 1 seen the show The Million Dollar Quartet at the Apollo Theatre ? Going tomorrow night an want to know the consensus ! 
Up and going to work .... yes right now is my departure to a job . 
GO see The Million Dollar Quartet at the Apollo Theatre ! < PROPFEMALE > FreAkIn GOOD !!! 
Off to WI , hope traffic is smooth sailing ! ;) 
Tonight , Beethoven in Millenium Park ... I'm excited ! 
Pushing through a decent day at work and then maybe the second half of Da Bears game ! 
OH Man ... I have to wait till the 28th of August to see \It Might Get Loud\ " .... Damnit ! I thought I could see it today ! errr ...... " 
Oh .... boy , back to having boys instead of just boy .... Lets hope this goes well ...... 
Going to Kuma's Corner for lunch today ! 
So , sad to say , I went to the \It might get Loud\ " movie by myself ..... It was a great flick . " 
Go Bears ! Down with McDaniels .... 
Taking days off feels good , wish I wasn't dealing with a sore low back though ... :( 
I've made cookies .. who wants some ?! 
Yeah , Rookie of the Year on my Fantasy Football League . I'm predicting it !! 
So nice to be chillin ... 
Wants to know where the summer weather was , cuz it never came to Chicago .... :( 
Onto my second job , Hope everyone else is rolling along smoothly in there day ! 
I kind of get to sleep in tomorrow ... which really means 6am ! I'm stoaked . 
HOme for the night ... tired and a lil under the weather . Sleep is what the Dr. ordered I think for me , or at least thats what I'm telling myself . 
Hoping the work day goes by quick , then off to a RockStar B-day party ! 
Fall is here and the change is nice . At least we can say Fall feels like fall , cuz summer just never showed its true colors . 
Rain , cold rain ... At least its not snowing ... gulp ... did I just saw a 4 letter word ?! SHit ! Doh ! I did it agian ! 
Home from work and I don't have to be up super early ! I will really Njoy this week off from 4:30 am wake ups !!! 
It feels so weird to have an entire day of no work .... I think I need to put that as a standard in my life . 
its actually a really nice Fall day ... go out an Njoy it ppl ! 
I'm hoping for a really busy day at work . I know that will make it go by very quickly or at least as fast as you can make an 11 hour day go by ..... 
Building managements sucks ! Who gives a tenant less than 24hrs to move an entire livingROOM !!! AND I have to live with the construction mess too .... Guess who'll have to clean that up too ?... errr .... This is why I've moved < PROPFEMALE > much over the years .... really crappy management . 
My apt is officially tore the #@$ ! UP ! I really can't stand this crap ... why do ppl have to be unprofessional ?! 
My place in back in order , and I've had it shined up ! Although I've lost space , the change on layout is welcomed . Just didn't wish to have the invasion of strangers rummaging through all my stuff . 
Who wants to check out the band The < PROPFEMALE > and Bumpus ? This SUnday , The < PROPFEMALE > 10/31/2009 8:00 PM at The Elbo Room w/ Bumpus & Blue < PROPFEMALE > Revue 2871 N . < PROPMALE > Ave ., Chicago , Illinois 60657 Cost : $10 Drop me a txt ..... 
At work and counting DAY 1 of a 21 day cleanse . So far so good . 
Ok , so DAY 1 in the bag . Three shakes , two hard boiled eggs and some supplements . I definitely need to find more food in my day . Just wasn't enough . I will try some more veggies tomorrow in between shakes ! All in all , not bad at all . I look forward to how my body will feel in two weeks ..... 
DAY 2 is winding down . I've had a lingering head ache all day ... Its not horrible , but I def know its there . After a massage trade , I feel better . The headache has dulled a bit . Gonna cook some chichen breast and get ready for tomorrow ! 
DAYS 3 & 4 went ok .... Pretty strong headaches . DAY 5 is great . No headache and my energy has level'd off ! Just need to plan well for this weekend being that I won't be at home to make shakes .... I'll have to premake and bring to Urban . Definitely nice to have a Whole Foods a block from work . 
Wow , first week in the books ! I feel pretty good and no ppl , I'm not starving . Actually , the hardest part of this cleanse is the prep for each meal throughout the week . I need to really cook at home ! Coming from a single guy , this is a < PROPMALE > step ! ( I have the worst eating habits known to man ) Onto the second week !! 
My lunch on the cleanse today was ..... pan seared Salmon w/ brown rice and steamed asparagus . I made it myself btw . Very tasty !! 
DAY 12 , in less than two weeks I have lost 8 lbs . I still have 9 more days to go . This is a really great way to make your body feel better , your mind more clear and even out energy levels ! SO glad I'm sticking this out !! I'm also finding that I can cook and that I might invite some lucky friends over to Njoy with me ! Who will it be !? 
DAY 14 , so through my deligence of sticking to the program , I have not wavered . I can say truthfully though , I WANT PIZZA ~ !!! But alass , I still have one more week . Here's to joining a gym I will actually work out at instead of just belonging to one ! 
DAY 16 and I feel great . Not hungry without a craving so far . I believe craves will come and go , so till the next one .... I'm good . Hope all is well is everyone ! ttys . 
DAy 17 , get a load of this ....... as of today , in less than three weeks I've lost a total of 12lbs ....... Nice ! Can't wait to start my workout routine this week ! 
DAY 19 , simply put , I feel great . Sunday is the official last day and now I i have to figure out what to eat without going back to my old habits .... Friends please send me any of your favorite HEALTHY receipies !! 
DAY 20 , not bad .... I could see myself doing this couple times a year ! Got one more Day ! Can't wait to start cooking for myself . AND where are some reciepies my friends ! Get on it and send me some ! 
DAY 22 . The cleanse is officially over . Drum roll please ..... 16 lbs , yes 16lbs in 3 weeks is my total weight loss ! Of course I feel great and even better I've generated a bit a my cooking passion back into my life ! Can't wait to start cookin ' at home . I also start working out today , this is my next challenge . To start working out at least 3 X's a week minimum . 
Just worked out , 30 mins cardio and upper body weights ! till Tues .... then hit the gym agian ! 
Correction on that last update , Tues is my off day . Till Wednesday ! 
BTW ppl , I'm not taking a day off from the gym ... two days in a row .... awww yeah ... 
My Tri's and Pec's feel like fast drying cement setting up . i'm pretty sore and .... strangely it feels good . More cardio tonight and some squats I think . 
Hello ppl , I have my pasta sauce on simmer and meatballs are done ! This lasagne is gonna kick ASS ! > ) 
My lasagne is in the oven and I hope I had enough of sauce . I don't want it to be too dry ! 
Monday , back to the workout routine . I started this week out with 30 mins of cardio and I think I might do 30 more tonight . 
Had my bet run in this afternoon along with weights for the biceps an shoulders . I feel GREAT !! Can't wait to see how this pans out after a month of cranking out good routines ! 
Caught a great stride today on the treadmill . I would have stayed there for an hour had I not had to be back at work ! Instead stayed 45 mins and then lifted . Chest muscles might < PROPFEMALE > lil ' sore tomorrow .... Hope all is well in everyones ' life today 
One week from tomorrow and I'll be in FL , I can't wait for warm weather !! < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > I can't even begin to think what it would be like if u got married here in Chicago right now ! 
Leavin ' for FL tomorrow morn .... an can't wait ! I think I will bring flip flops ... Booking a massage at some point as well . I need one badly ! 
Back to reality , actually FL was kool , but kinda happy to be home . Minus the snow dropping on us right now ... heh . 
The pics from FL , AWESOME ! Go < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
This year has just swept by and believe that I need to make the new year count like no other . Anyone else with me on that one ? 
for lunch .... Gooey See < PROPFEMALE > , gotta love Thai food .... nom nom nom .... 
How is everyone feeling this morning ? Who has a good story to tell from last night ? 
Hey friends , how's the new year treating everyone !? 
Well , today started a mini cleanse . Just 7 days . Back to three shakes a day and all the veggies I can eat . I definitely feel the need to do this agian since the debauchery on NYE . Detox here I come ! 
Day 3 , business as usual . Just raw veggies and my very tasty shakes . This is a cake walk compaired to the last 7 seven days I started this . 
LIfe is good ! Chicago , is cold . I'll try an focus on the good stuff ..... 
Lots of work , and I'm not bent out of shape about it . Let the normal times roll .... 
Need sleep ... please .... help .... 
FYI , you can get the program from the Chiropractor I work for ! Just send me a msg on FB :) 
One month as of yesterday ... Wow does time fly when your having fun with a special person ! :) 
Well , my first Valetine's Day that wasn't stressful ! Everything went smooth ...! 
So .... being on a Island off the coast of Mexico is Awesome ! Wish everyone great weather where ever you are . I forgot my camera adapter so no pics till I get home :( Massage in the AM and plenty of trouble to find ..... Muahahahah ..... 
Man this place is pretty kool .... Weather has been mild . Today is cloudy with a very strong breeze . Hope the sun is hot enough to get more color . I'll be thinking of all my pals while I'm sitting by the pool side this afternoon .... ttyl 
Dinner was absolutely splendid ! I had grouper sauteed in garlic with seasoned veggies with rice . This can quite possibly be the best dish I've ever had ! < PROPFEMALE > , my gf , had arrecherra seasoned beef with steamed catus and refried bean and quac ! Damn , this place was great ! It was called Mogagau and they had KICK ASS Mojitos ... damn ... good .... :) 
Damn it ! I now am a lucky owner of sunburn ! Losing track of time reading a book under an umbrella no less . I knew books were bad for u .... DOH ! 
I'm still not comfortable with how red I am . After some lounging in a giant palapa with the gf and a swim in the pool , I feel refreshed and ready to tool around the island . Tonight , we're off to an Argentinian resturant for dinner . I believe grilled lobster is in my near future ..... :) 
Drunk and sunburn'd , when all is said an done . This will go down as the best vacation ever ! I hope you all N'joy the updates and except me , redness and all ! 
My last full day on this island ... Truth be told , I'm kinda ready . If I didn't have a care in the world , I'd stay for a bit longer . And , since I'm not a trust-fund baby , I have plenty of cares . Hope everyone is doin ' great ! See ya soon ! 
Man that was a crazy last night ! More like creepy man slamming doors all night . I didn't get a bit a sleep ! Errr , fucking lunatics ! 
Back to reality . Its very comforting to be back in Chi-town . The weather seems to be getting better ! 
So , please check out my pics from Mexico ! < PROPFEMALE > and I had a freakin ' great time ...! A big THANKS to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for watching < PROPMALE > while I was away ! Great job ! 
Pickin ' up the gf at O'hare . Can u say DELAY .... blah to the rainy weather . 
Good Morning , Rock it out ppl ! 
Chillin ' at home with the LIl ' guy < PROPMALE > tonight . 
To everyone who gave me B-day wishes , AWESOME ! I worked till 6pm last night , then , my gf took me out to a wonderful dinner at my favorite resturant Cafe ' 28 here in Chicago ! Can u say < PROPFEMALE > Jelapenos Pork Chops R friggin AMAZING !!!! 
I want the warm weather . ASAP . 
Not a great day ..... 
Officailly , as of today , I will be moving yet again . June will be my last month living in Evanston . I can't wait to say I live in Chicago again . My building managenment have been unruly and unrespectful . Chicago , I'm coming back ! 
My new neighboorhood in Chicago will be the Goldcoast ! But , I will be down sizing to a studio from a one bedroom .... 
Man this weather today totally crapped my moving day ! 
Holy CraPoLA !! Finally moved in ! Chicago I'm back ! nO more of that suburb blahhh .... and on a side note , Robinson Rentals in Evanston can go to HeLL .... just saying . 
to all my Iphone Facebook friends , get the words with friends App and find me ! Scrabble-ish kinda game for all you wordsmiths . 
I hate parking tickets . $50.00 down the drain .... 
Going to meet my Dad . Later peeps ..... 
Argyle stop on the red line brings back old memories of living here . Long live pho'! 
Oh boy , Fantasy Football is in full throttle ..... here's to all the Jackass's I have to put up with this football season ! GO BEARS .....! 
is going to bed . GN .....! 
had a sprinkles cupcakes today .... awesomeness ....! 
Well , this day was coming as I knew it would . I have a sprain of my left thumb and will be out of order for 4-6 weeks ! Till then I have to wear a brace . Super big bummer ..... 
Waiting on ppl . Pushing ppl to get things done . It's a constant job of keeping on task so that you move forward toward your goal . < PROPFEMALE > up ppl ..! 
Well , its lots of fun doing laundry ! Who's with me !! .... ( crickets chirping ) ...... 
I'll take the win Chicago ..... but it was Ugly to say the least ! 
Why is it I have to live by their rules ....? Mine are so much better ! 
Bears fans ..... we have LIFTOFF !!!!! WOOoow ! Romo who ? 
Wonders of a 2 hour walk along Lake Shore Drive ! My legs will be like cement tomorrow .... Next will be running a couple < PROPMALE > .... 
It's official , I'm now in a brace for my thumb . Three weeks in this . Cheers to the healing process ! 
Good Morning ! 
What are my FB peeps up too this day today ? 
Such a nice day out today ! 
is waiting for this damn thumb to heal ! 
I had mini bratwursts and spatzle for lunch ! So good ! Now I may walk over to Sprinkles ! I have too much time to get into trouble . 
Hope all my Urbanites r having a great work day ! Miss u all ! Off to Breakfast . 
Off to spent the weekend in WI , got to love family . Even better when I get to rub it in Packer fans faces ' that the ßears are 3-0 !!!!! Life is good ! 
Damn offensive lines .... Damn < PROPFIRST > Martz ! Really had to give up 9 sacks to one QB ? SUcks the big one ~ ! 
OK , Need Ideas on how to reinvent ones ' self so that he/she could better the people around them ? This is for a \friend\ " of mine ...... Only serious posts please .... GO ! " 
Whats everybody gonna be for Halloween !?! 
Dream Big ppl ..... 
Starbucks and free internet ..... made possible by Satan ....... >;) 
Going to see Wall Street tonight , hope its good ! 
GO < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
Like an avalanche , my thoughts rush down the mountain , with no direction . Can I get some direction please ?! 
The people that elect politicians into office should have a grading scale so that when a politician attacks their opponent they loose points in the race ! So at the end of the race you have a number added/minuses from the points they gathered by actually taking on important issues ! 
Then we as a the voter can reduce the buyers remorse we have at the end \ 
of their term . Here in Chicago , politicians seem to find a way to point a\ 
finger only to get elected and then go corrupt ..... 
To all my Massage Therapists out there ..... Why did you become a Massage Therapist !?! 
Go ßears ! Hope we get a sturdy O-line today ! 
Tomorrow starts my PT , I can't wait to get back to working as a Massage Therapist ! AGIAN >>>>> ! 
Good Stuff . 
When was the last time you had Lucky Charms !?! 
Good night all ..... 
It's Massage Therapy Awareness Week . In light of some Chicago discrimination against my profession this year , I would like to make sure\ 
my FB friends are < PROPFEMALE > clear on a few things :\ 
\ 
Masseuse/ Masseur = code for \ 
prostitute . Please do not use this term any more . \ 
Massage Parlour = code\ 
for brothel . Never let me hear you refer ...... to my industry as this . 
Wow ! Halloween already !!! 
Sup friends ? It's the middle of the week ! Keep up the good work ! 
I have baked cookies ppl ..... The smell is probably driving my neighbors crazy ! Sooo , GOOD ! 
... and like that . They're gone ..... the buttery goodness .... 
A monster head cold ninja'd me yesterday ..... and is still kicking my ass ...... 
All the hard work put in with the PT is helping . Wish me luck as the 27th of Nov . will be my first shift back working in over three months ! I still have some healing to do though ..... so i guess I will need some < PROPFEMALE > . 
Off to see < PROPMALE > Potter ..... 
Damn , I wanted the Vikes to win today ! 
It's gonna be a Kuma night ppl ..... Wahh Hooo ! 
Big Destroyer , and a Kuma Burger were annihilated last night . But the < PROPMALE > n Cheese with bacon and mushrooms was the perfect pregame appetizer ! Damn I <3 Kuma's! 
Roasted turkey and Football , who can do better than that ...!?! 
Who feels like the Turkey from yesterday ? Cuz , I'm stuffed ! 
Getting\ 
back to work today after a three month rehab stink for my thumb . Thanks\ 
for all the support from friends and family ! I'm super excited to be \ 
back working ! 
Funny thing happen'd after I survive'd my first day back at work . My injure'd thumb didn't fall off ! Sweet .... 
Go ßears !! Packers SUCK !!!! 
Some1 shook up Chicago's Snow Globe this morning .... Ah yes winter ... winter .... 
To a fresh day ahead of us . Careful ppl . Mercury is getting ready for its move backwards . Travel safe . Theres crazy ppl out there .... 
Best Buy has lost a true believer ! Not one downtown store had a midnight release for my guilty pleasure .... so sad .... :( 
WoW is great ! 
Feels good to say , I'm back to 100% ! 
Living in Chicago you often ask yourself one question . What temperature of cold will it take for me to move to a warm weather climate ? 
Xmas with my parents , they try my patients ever year . Some years more than others . Cheers to family bonding .... 
GO BEARS !!!!!!! 
Hope everyone has a great New Year's < PROPFEMALE > , and channel your inner Rock < PROPFEMALE > on Friday night ! Be safe . 
Thank God for martini's . 
I'm not superstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy .... will be without money . I can't let that person be ME ! What the heck-it cant hurt ...... Amen Friend ! 
The Devil made me do it ..... 
I'm looking to give away a Palm 680 that is for the AT&T network . If any of you FB ppl are interested , please msg my FB ! 
Be cool ppl , its the weekend . Find some fun ! 
Its only Wednesday and damnit I can't wait to watch the ßears game ! 
CAN'T WAIT ! 
How a great Sunday night can make u look at Mondays in a better light ! 
Damn cold outside ! 
