we're back in Jamaica ... first night was a doosey . 

Last day in JA ... need to hurry up and win the lottery and move here perma 
Going to stuff my face with Sushi and Bloody Marys . Tucker < PROPMALE > would be proud . 
pwning face on video poker ... i'm sure this will last about 30 sec 
drunk facebooking , forgive the next few hours 
Ummm ... Facebook access during work !!! 
what am i supposed to do with no wifey around for 3 days ! 
Wifey home ! All is back to normal 
best quote of the day \Chuck < PROPMALE > asked me to be his Wingman\ " -Anonymous " 
Buffalo Habanero Green Chili and Garlic < PROPMALE > Chicken Sausage Kabob's on the grill tonight ! 
Ahhh ! MONDAY !! 
Ahhh ! TUESDAY !! 
come on 4 day weekend .... 
11th at the National Championships ... I'll take it . Should probably start training one of these days huh ? 
Why didnt BP get Kanye West to interrupt the oil spill ? 
Case of the Monday's 
Case of the Thursday's .... 
base picnic day ... oh joy 
Who has 2 thumbs and got a 365 tasking to Baghdad ? 
Monday Monday nah nah ... nah nah nah 
Friday yet ? 
So , what's new ?? 
Quote of the night \add me on facebook because you have a big ass \"" 
almost gym time ! 
first day of school for the tanker ! 
Habenero green chili chicken sausages ..... amazing !!! Now if jj would have satisfied it would have been a night ... but instead he posts about \lazy sundays\ " . Lame " 
Grrrr .... 
I am HORRIBLE at golf . 
Downtown softball league next month , base flag football next week ! 
Monday Monday !!! Working on a TS Clearence review LOL ... so much fun 
HUMP DAY !!!!!!! 
Friday !! Just got out of a meeting ... WOW is all I got . 
70 ft of wood moulding installed downstairs , Gabriels room all painted ... need to paint the molding and install still 
Softball practice went well , looks like we got a pretty decent team . Packing for TX now ... leaving my baby for a week /sadface 
Little warm in San Antonio ... especially in the sun shooting all day . 
Swapped stocks on the Perazzi ... meh , it's only prelims lol 
Nice < PROPFEMALE > day for a shoot in San < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Not looking for the target .... check , pushing as I call pull .... check , lifting my head .... check . Sure was an interesting prelim match lol 
Not going to make a team at this rate ... oh well , I'd be in Iraq anyway lol 
Miller Light , Frogs Legs , Alligator and Bayou Rice ... I'm a very happy man 
stiting in the airport at San Antonio ... oh joy . Also , my Perazzi is going in timeout after this amazingly subpar performance . 
NO MORE BAGHDAD !!!!!!!!!!! 
Go go fake Friday ! 
let's go football and softball tomorrow ! 
today is more like a Monday .... grrr 
Monday's ... bah , at least we have football tonight ! Go Chiefs ! 
We probably should have researched Silver League a bit more ... got < PROPMALE > Rolled in both games tonight to leave us at 0-3 ... seriously , wtf is Gold like ??? Pro's during the off season ? 
Friday ... rough start already 
2 hours until PT ... who's PUMPED ! 
Congratz MONDAY ! 
fresh raspberries , greek yogurt and grape nuts ... awesome start to what will inevitably be a shitty day . 
Good morning < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Go Falcons , it was an amazing game !! 
Going to be one of those days ... 
yeah baby , almost PT time ! 
love me some meetings 
3 games played , 4 rbi , 7/8 at bats .. a billizion high life's drank . what now ? 
Beer Pong eta - T : < PROPFEMALE > us 39 < PROPFEMALE > . 
lost both softball games last night , knee hurts like hell and work at 530 is too damn early . I'm going full emo today . 
almost done ... 
sigh ... 
Come on Gabriel ... time to get here already !!! 
Another quiet night ... silly babies ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Agee has joined us at 14:26 , 7lb 14oz , 20.5 inch . Baby is relaxing and mom is ordering much needed food !!! 
Home with the family ! 
The fight 2 rows down has been the most entertaining thing in this crappy game 
facebooking from the kindle ! 
< PROPFIRST > needs to start sleeping through the night lol 
Gabe is finally asleep and vitals are looking good . Hope it's a peaceful night . 
Wow , if they improved this dump a little it would be on par with some of the random army dumps I've been in the middle east ..... sad part , I'm in TX lol 
