Another day @ work .... but its SATURDAY =( 

DO NOT accept a friend request from < PROPFIRST > Butterfield . He is a Hacker . Tell everyone on your list because if 1 of your friends adds him as a friend he will be able to get your computer's id and address . So let everyone know- COPY & PASTE !!!!!! 
had a busy day ... worked only for an hour =) but had to take hubby to the ER and waitd for a couples of hours for him to get his head stapled ... now finally home & resting !! 
I sang to a banana in line at the bank .. because thats how i roll ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
first day @ da gym .. damn i'm gonna hurt tomorrow 
So get dis a fren of ours jus got fired from FSP ... u no da freeway ppl ... anyways he got fired for going above & beyond by help people find a tow truck company . 
It so needs to be FRIDAY !!! 
You have to see this ! A simple town competition ends a 8 year marriage ! http://broughttoyou.org/failedcompetition 
Happy Boy's Days ... have a good day , don't work too hard though I know some of u don't :p 
Ugh ... is it Monday already ?!? Damn dat was a short 3 day weekend tank goodness 2 day is only half day :p 
Wish dis day was over ... better yet make it da whole week 
Not even an hour into work & I am so ready to go home 
WooHoo 1 day dwon 3 mo fo go !!! 
Hates doing evaluations ... ugh can't the ppl in managment do this 
Day 2 almost done 2 hours & 50 minutes 2 go .... does anyone have machine 2 speed up time ? Can I borrow ! 
Day 3 .... I hope 2day goes by fast . 
Cud dis day b going any slower ? 
love Wild Wahine Wednesday !! 
y r ppl such ass-o ? Sum1 tried to charge over a thousand dollars on our visa on 1 transaction ..... there were 3 transactions in total !!! 
Enjoying the evening wit hubby an oldest child .... eating taco < PROPFEMALE > & watching planes land & take off . 
& family have 3 meetings 2day ... 1 down 2 to go 
OK 2 down 1 to go , den wut do I do wit da rest of my day ?... I know SLEEP !! 
ECLIPSE in IMAX is da shit ... recommend u watch it that way 
Adababyitsaboy 
WooHoo ... @ PCC jus had a crab dinner now bout 2 watch HA 
Highly recommends evry1 2 take a drive ova da mountain 2 go have dinner & c HA 
Kids these days don't realize the consequences of their actions or the friction it causes between families . 
OK here we go 7th grade registration ... damn feels weird to be back here 
Its official I'm finally feeling old ... Marc made 12 & da twins will be 7 ! Y can't dey jus stay babies ? 
Cruzin wit da grls from work & having a blast !!! 
ok its confirmed , weekends & sleeping in as we know it has come to an end ... football & soccer here we go !! 
Got off 30m early , but paid 4 an 8hr day ... now 2 mommy duties 2 take care of a sick child . 
To all the wonderful family and friends a girl could have , thank you for all the birthday wishes . From the bottom of my heart \I Love You All \"" 
Never frown even < PROPFEMALE > u r sad , bcuz u < PROPFEMALE > no hu is falling in luv wit ur smile !!! 
UH games was AWESOME !!! 27-21 
Do we really need 2 have work on Mondays ?... can't dis jus be an xtra day off !!! 
2day is gonna b a hard day ... but well worth it , watched as < PROPFEMALE > brought baby Mayson in2 dis world !!! Congrats 2 da new parents !!! 
So sad its halloween da kids r ready 2 go & all I want 2 do is go home & sleep 
Wake up l8 , traffic , & headache ... so not a day 2 b @ work !!! 
today angelle scored a goal as a present for her daddy bday ... how cute is dat ! when she scored all the parents wished < PROPFIRST > a happy bday ... lol ! 
UH vs UNLV ... 3rd quarter 6 mins left .... on 7th UNLV injury 
UH vs UNLV .... 59 to 21 , UH of course .... injuries UNLV 8- UH 1 !!! 
hate being sick ... missing < PROPMALE>'s football game :( 
Can I go home .... please , pretty please ?!? 
This year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This called money bags . So copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui , the one who does not copy ... will be without money . I can't let that person be ME ! \ 
Its worth a try !! 
Wit da ohana gonna watch da Shanghai Circus . 
Up early and NO WORK TODAY !!! Oh well time to start cleaning . 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have amazing children , put this as your status ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones who will !! Think of the ones you know or love who have or had cancer . My wish is that 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour ? Do it for all . There are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting .... I hope to see this in all the statuses of my friends . Just for an hour 
