Right , so I'm supposed to be going on the highway today with my driving practice n ' shit . Chances of me getting in a horrible car crash ? Let's take your bets ! 

* Still confused and wondering why he uses facebook*\ 
\ 
still alive , that's about all going for me at the moment . 
Actually , I'm starting to get into Fallout 3 . I didn't like it the last 2 or 3 times I tried to play it . Then I found out the secret this playthrough . Say \fuck it all\ " and train into melee stealth . Then sneak attack and get insta-crits with a sledgehammer that TAKE PEOPLE'S LIMBS OFF . \ 
Getting more used to using facebook . \ 
update on my current issues ? : Still working through it , doing better though . 
Right , so , update time I guess . If I'm going to be using facebook I might as well . \ 
beat Starcraft 2 , can't wait for the expansion . Not eager to do quickplay multiplayer matches though . \ 
got pretty bored of Fallout 3 . Too many sidequests now , and I can't handle wanting to do them all in a nice and orderly fashion . \ 
Tired of Warcraft for now , really not that interested until the expansion 
Probably going to the movie showing of Beauty and the Creep 2 . Sounds like fun , and I could use the entertainment with how bored I am . Hope to be there guys . 
Problems at home are getting better and worse . I suspect there will be a nosedive coming at some point where everything is going to spiral out of control again , but for now I can deal with it , there doesn't seem to be much bad immediately . 
Has anyone seen < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim yet ? I've got mixed feelings about seeing it . I bought the game and really enjoy it ( but I enjoy any c o-o p sort of game , so I guess I'm biased ) , and it's a movie made by a nerd . it's my kind of movie . I saw the guy's work on youtube and enjoy it , but I've heard the movie got bad reviews and that it's doing really horrid in theaters . Suggestions ? What have you guys heard ? 
Been reading storm of the century too . yes , I know , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I didn't feel okay ripping the Cthulu book from my brother when he was halfway through . Also should get started on reading this rough copy of a story my sister in law gave me . Want to really badly , but it's so hard to start a new book , you know ? 
Also , job hunt ... need to get on that . If anyone ' round Bel Air has a suggestion or someting , go for it . I was thinking about looking up Barnes and < PROPMALE > to see if there was anything i could do there . it sounds simple , quiet , and my kind of work . I don't think they really have anything I could do though , they probably aren't hiring at the moment . 
Been getting very panicky lately too . Given , it's reasonable to be considering my current problems at the moment , but it's really odd since I don't have much of a reason . I think since school's starting soon I feel like i've wasted my summer in a cocktail of depression and boredom . and I'm still sorta in it , so .. Hope I get over it soon . Could use some friendly faces when I head into school , would probably help out . 
Relationship problems ? It's tough ... but i'm doing just a bit better . I'm not really FEELING better . I kind of feel alright for a few days , and then fall back into this depression for awhile . I'm not hurting other people anymore though , not putting all of it on them or bothering them about it , you know ? That's good , and that was my goal . So , I'm doing better socially . Really wish that would translate to emotionally . 
Doing better with the relationship thing . I think i've more or less moved on , it's just all the stress and drama and everything kinda come up to a boiling point and , you know , it's gotta come out somehow . \ 
But , I do feel better ... for the most part , I'm good and single now , looking though , so if you guys got any friends that are , you know , dorky enough to like me , gimme a call ! Seeyaaaaa 
Alright , Starcraft II is just awesome . I went through and beat the story campaign on hard , got 100% of the achievements too , and now have the mighty Zeratul avatar picture as a reward . \ 
FOR AIUR ! ( Yes , i'm a total dork ) 
Alright , I guess i'm updating on facebook more . Achievement +10 points . I'm playing a lot of minecraft now that I beat starcraft . I built a huge-ass castle from the ground up , I MADE THIS CITY , I BUILT IT ON ROCKS AND DIRT , AND YOU CAN'T TAKE IT FROM ME ! * Locks door and sits on overlook with a bow * 
It's tomorrow , guys . Thanks anyway though . :) 
3 new slams written . 
Thank you all , needed that today . :) 
alright , so help me out here guys . I'm building up a stockpile of slams so when I -DO- have a period of no writing , I can still go and participate in the slam . I've currently got 3 written ( 2 of them edited and re-drafted ) slams :\ 
-Nerd Overload\ 
-In another castle\ 
-Random thoughts\ 
I need more ideas for slams ! Anything will do , trust me , I have no shame . 
Also , if any of you think it would be a good idea and you'd want to watch me do something else at the next slam , say so . I've thought about singing , doing a dramatic reading , or just going up and having a conversation with the audience . Oh yeah , that sounds like evil don't it ? Anything you'd like to see , and suggestions for what to read/sing , etc . 
Once again , thank you all for making yesterday a better day than it started out to be . :) \ 
On another note : Our knight was the villain at medival times . MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAA 
I feel quite horrible for my parents right now . They bought me this brand new collector's edition MMO , Final Fantasy 14 . It came with all these special offers , this BEAUTIFUL artwork and journal , and I can play it before it even releases . The game itself is gorgeous too . \ 
But I'm bored out of my mind by it ... I don't really like it ... 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAA , NOBODY IS FASTER THAN ME AT TYPING MANIAC ! SUCCESS ! 
right , so update time :\ 
I'm getting terribly bored of life . Wrote another slam : That brings us up to 4 slams . Also think I've chosen a song to open mic one of these slams . Not really playing anything interesting either . Family problems are still problematic but * slowly * resolving . getting over the breakup is also progressing , think my poem at the slam will help . Girlfriend I still be lacking . 
I've been feeling very type-y thanks to this typing maniac game . I just wish I had something to type up , you know ? I also wish I had more slams to write , but I'm starting to run a bit dry of the well . 
Well , today is starting out pretty badly , actually ... having a small anxiety attack and panicking , just feeling very bleh . I see my doctor in a few days , I'm hoping I can get panic pills by then . Until then ? Fuck , I ' unno . 
Actually feeling a lot better about my breakup after the slam ... It still aches a bit , but ... I feel like I got a lot of that black stuff out by making a stupid metaphor or two about Mario ... I think I'll be okay . 
UPDATE TIME :\ 
Let's get straight to the video games :\ 
Playing Plants vs Zombies . HIGHLY RECOMMEND FOR ANY TOWER DEFENSE GAMERS . I can't believe I was so late to the party on this one . GREAT fun ! \ 
Delve Deeper ... interesting looking game from steam , haven't played it yet though . \ 
Also got L4D2 . Already owned it for xbox , but now I have it on my laptop . 
I know that I made a post like this awhile back , but it stands saying again :\ 
MY GOD FINAL FANTASY 14 IS .... \ 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\ 
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\ 
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\ 
RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING 
So , odd moods lately . Going from fine to sad to apathetically normal to pathetically sad to happy happy excited happy happy and back to fine and then apathy and ... you get the idea . \ 
Apologies if I get weird on you all for it ! 
Right , so I'm gonna curl up on the bed , place my laptop on the nightstand , and go to sleep with the soothing tunes of Mystery Science Theater 3000 . \ 
The nerd in me cries tears of joy . 
Right , so maybe I am a little happy today . Maybe a lot . Maybe happy . :D 
I feel a lot better . A lot , actually ... Of course much of that has to do with obtaining a girlfriend again . ^-^ But , that's not all of it . I just feel a lot ... better , now . Like i'm in a much healthier state of mind . Mood swings still happening occasionally but , I'm feeling a lot better ... 
Right , so this is going to sound odd but follow me on this one :\ 
We must take a poll . If you could marry any cartoon character ( movies , whatever counts so long as it is generally fake ) , Who and why ? 
So , I'm playing Minecraft and Fable 3 mostly now . Minecraft is fun but I need more ideas on what to do to my base , what to add on that might help or be cool . Any ideas ? 
right ... so I don't feel so good anymore ... in fact I feel pretty , really bad . 
So yeah , actually I'm not exactly doing great , but i'm not exactly doing bad either . I think i'm starting to plateau and get back to normality for once . Here's hoping . 
Right , so I'm doing kinda alright , but it's reeally eerie how everyone around me is going through breakups and getting together . What the hell is in the air ? A crazy mix of aphrodisiac and cyanide ? 
everyone , please take notice if you interact with me : I'm officially socially retarded . on a level unmatched by any other . 
So ... I don't know . I'm not exactly sad lately . I'm just ... weird . Melancholy , I would always say when I was younger . It's a perfect word . I'm able to function , and able to be happy .. but , I'm sad still . You understand ? Melancholy . It's an odd way to be . 
I know this will sound incredibly vague and very cliche at the same time somehow , but ... you know what ? I just don't get it . 
So I feel kinda alright today . :D I'm working on a new slam ! Worried about it seeming cliche , but it IS an early-early draft , sooooo . 
I can already tell i'm going to develop a stress-related problem in the future because of trying to apply for college now . FML . 
Right , so our dog gave birth . Litter of 7 . They're very cute . \ 
I was watching her while everyone else slept , turns out she had the 8th one silently while I was just playing a game . I didn't pay enough attention ... We lost the 8th one . \ 
Besides that , I feel alright . 
We lost another puppy somehow . down to 7 . Not feelin ' so hot right now . 
* Over-used and Generic lyrics to typical angsty teenage song and/or currently famous pop-star song * 
Right , so ... dull sunday ... Post something for me to talk about . 
Huhm-de-huhm .... 
Oi , sometimes I wish I weren't so emotional . 
You know what I just realized ? I've been so caught up in my own stuff , that I've forgotten and neglected my usual christmas spirit . It's a < PROPMALE > late , but you know what ? < PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone . 
Proof i'm psychic : The Puppies have opened their eyes . If anyone comments on this status , at least one person will say \aaaaaawwwww \"" 
oh we can all hope someday I'll learn when it's a good time to shut my damn mouth . 
Just so's ya know : TERRORDALE IS A LIE . 
Here's to staving off insanity another day . 
Minecraft : Providing proof that I'm insane . \ 
What do I do after making a giant castlet hat can reach to the skies , filling it with a pool , archery range , storage chamber , bedroom , arena , painting-room , and hell-portal ? \ 
COMPLETELY RENOVATE IT , OF COURSE . 
Sick of mood swings . 
So I think I hit writer's block somehow ... I've got like 15 different slam poems started , and No idea how to continue any of them . 
QUICKLY ! PANIC ! 
I got accepted into Towson College . 
Generic Wallpost . How're you all doing ? 
Really pissy mood today . Extremely volatile , hopefully a shower will help , but I apologize if any of you all gett he reprecussions of me being bitchy today . how bouty ou all ? 
I apologize for making one of ' those ' status posts , but honestly I'd like to submit to the council :\ 
FUCK Relationships . I'm sick of being either abused , lied to , treated like shit , led on , and various other commonalities . \ 
Honestly , Is there not one single honest woman out there who is sane ? \ 
Oh , wait ... they're all with someone already . \ 
IRONY , ISN'T IT . \ 
* Fume * 
Another day , the same as the one before , only dusk seems to hold a little more blue , and a little less orange than before . 
Update time : So i'm doing o < PROPFEMALE > . Not great , not bad , just ' < PROPFEMALE > . Mood swings are the usual , It comes with being a teenager , bleh . \ 
Been playing lots of freeware games . If you're into RPGs check out Elona , very interesting . 
It's amazing how fast a great mood can turn into a very , very bad depression . Its been awhile since I've had one of these depressions , It's kinda sad in itself . Just ... one of those days when I wonder why I'm still here if all I do is make people upset or angry . \ 
Bah ... hasn't killed me yet ... 
I'm really tired of being sick , missing the bus , or oversleeping for school . It always happens on A days , so now I always feel so guilty when I walk into chorus ( which as men , is very small , so losing even 1 person is a huge detriment ) . I didn't even do anything wrong and my own head is making me feel depressed about it . * sigh * Dammit . 
Doot de doo . Random wall post . Pretty good mood today . Yesterday's visit to Towson took a lot of stress off the idea of living on campus . No concerts , projects , or other big things in the way of school . Good time overall . 
