2nd is last day here , I leave on the 3rd . Yeah , my ticket is early . 

Is glad he cheered up < PROPFEMALE > :D 
Described < PROPFEMALE > as bright and cheery . I think she's shell shocked ! 
Leavin at 1400 See you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Mom , < PROPMALE > y familia , Tiffy , Tier and everyone else who I visited while I was here . I\ll miss you all in the coming months . " 
I am now a Private in the U.S. Fucking Army . I go forth to Benning on thursday . 11 X-Ray Airborne Baby ! To Afghanistan I shall go . 
Private Stubbs is back in town on Christms leave , Baby ! Infantry is the fucking shit ! I've shot more weapons then you have excuses for not joining the army !!! 
oh , and I shot 33 of 40 targets ! Sharpshooter bitch ! 
BACK FROM ARMY ON LEAVE AT SOME POINT WOULD LIKE TO VISIT OLD FRIENDSBEFORE RETURNING TO TRAIN ON HOW TO KILL MOTHERFUCKERS ! 
New Pictures oh joy ! 
WHO WANTS TO GO DOWNTOWN ? I\M BORED SO FUCKIN MESSAGE ME " 
Let's try this again : Who has no new years plans ? 
Ran into an old friend :D . Also , commencing operation Return to Polk at 14:30 tomorrow afternoon . Should return to Camp Misery late night Monday . We shall see . 
And before I come back to Ft . Polk , let it be known that The Cowhead Show reigns supreme . I'm gonna miss 102.5 on the radio . 
http://www.cowheadradio.com/ 
JUST GRADUATED BCT !!!! HELLO FT POLK !!! 
Polk sucks . It's literally a 5 mile wide fucking base . the training area is bigger than the base is !!! 
I'd like to have sex some time this week . Ft polk sucks , very few females 
Meeting my unit today . 1Bn 509th Airborne 
At my unit now , it's a little wierd , and I'm the youngest guy , but it's chill . They get to grow beards here . and they wear old uniforms . 
Going Red next week ; It's time to be a terrorist ! 
Lovin my new Rifle ! Remington 770 . 300 Winchester Magnum . Why start small ? 
Well , being a mole didn't work so well . Let's try terrorist . 
We just kicked the ass of 2 platoons from 101st with 12 people . Yeah , we fucking own ! 
Qualified 38 and Koalified 12:30 yesterday . Also , beat out a LT 
Well , just finished Team livefire during both day and night , managed not to get killed by friendly fire . How's everyone else . 
Just finished a 12-miler yesterday . Worst part ? Getting up a 2 am to do it . 
Fixin to go into the Field for 3 days time Tomorrow . Squad Live Fire . Really , I'd rather stay in the rear and sleep . 
squad live fire completed , and my squad was the best one out there . Good times . Still hate NODS though . 
I WANT TO BE A PART OF A REAL UNIT GODDAMNIT !!!!! EVERYONE I KNOW IS LEAVING TO FIGHT ! I WAS THE ONLY MOTHERFUCKER TO GET CHOSEN FOR THIS SHIT ! WTF ! 
Anyways , all's well , it's gonna suck goin to work tomorrow though . 
Thing I miss most from Civvy life : Romance . 
Thing I miss most from Civvy life : Romance and Kindness 
I miss romance . 
Well , busted my knees this mornin , but I'm still truckin on . 
Ready to kill some more Bluefor tomorrow . Considering we captured 6 soldiers last time , we should be good tonight 
Took at least four Captives , took out a patrol . Well , I helped to execute the captives and I helped kill the patrol , but I got killed trying to lay down a wood pallet on C-Wire so we could get across . 
listening to some of my favorite songs . Currently playing : Emperor of the Void by Candlemass 
Promoted to PFC and Going to Airborne school 8/20 
Thinkin of somebody ... 
TIRED ! 
Fixin to head out with Recon and FUCK SHIT UP ! 
also , escaped from two squads last night somehow . 
Back from Recon , pissed the hell out of BlueFor tonight , had them literally running scared . We massacred them throughout the day with 3 ( 3 ! ) People . The spent the whole day thinkin we were in the woods . 
Aye my feet are soaked ! 
WTF ! DIO HAS DIED ! NOOOOOOOOOO ! 
More Dead Bluefor . I , by myself , got into a 10 minute firefight where I was able to literally milk only two mags against these fools . And , of course , I had to yell the obligatory Allahu Akbar bang bang etc . 
Man , I don't wanna go out in the field lol . I'll be off for 5-6 days time 0600 tomorrow . Geronimo's work is never done . I'd rather stay and talk to Stace , Dyl , and Mom 
You ever get that feeling that theres something you need or want and it's just out of your grasp ? 
well , Good night all who lurk on my profile at night and sometimes day , I'm off to complete my tasks for tonight . If you need anything from me , you'll just have to wait . Sucks , I know . 
On posx till 11 a.m. , then back to field . Poor , poor bluefor :D 
Finished messing up 4th Brigade 101st Airborne division , sorry for denying you sleep , Blackmon , Costello , Tylka , and Boyle . Just doin my job lol . 
Coming home this weekend ! 
A couple more days and I'll be in Sarasota . So close and so far . I'll be flyin in around 11:30 a.m. , so heres to hopin for no delays . 
Tomorrow night I'm outta this mother fucker for 4 days . Still , gotta wake up early for work . 
waiting 
impatiently 
In < PROPMALE > Airport waiting to go to < PROPFIRST > Airport , where I'll be staying over night until I fly to tampa . 
At < PROPFIRST > Airport , awaiting next flight at 8 a.m. 
Currently sitting in Tampa International Airport . Fuck yeah it's good to be back . I'd forgotten how vibrant everything is here ! 
lol\ 
So excited to be back . 
In Sarasota now 
Had a great night ! Sunday is too far away . Why can't tomorrow be sunday ? 
lol Loving the sun , but not sure what I want to do . 
anyone going downtown tonight and wanna < PROPFEMALE > ? Message me . 
lookin for something to do , message me on here or ask me for my number and we'll chill . I've got tonight and tomorrow to < PROPFEMALE > before I gotta return to Louisiana 
Going to Fogts , then < PROPFIRST > Ash . IF you like music , you can find me there . I am so going to end up buying something I shouldn't hehe . 
Alright , time to bite the bullett and return to Polk . Wish me luck , and hope that these next two months go swiftly so I can return to chill with y'all for a whole 2 weeks . 
Back in the shit . 
I am livid . I've forgotten my laptop charger . 
Some people say my love cannot be true\ 
please believe me , my love , and I'll show you\ 
I will give you those things you thought unreal\ 
the sun the < PROPFEMALE > the < PROPFEMALE > all bear my seal 
Off work and chillin 
Totally need an actual camera . 
Where's the next ozzfest taking place ? I NEED TO KNOW ! 
Ran a 14:08 2 mile . I'm not sure , but that may be my fastest 2-mile yet . 
Listening to Lonely Day by System of a Down . I dunno , it's been a good day , it's just I feel kinda blah , in the middle , no particular emotion . 
On days like these , I wish I had a band lol . It would be amazing to have someone to jam with . 
Another 4 day . Sweet . 
Listenin to No More tears 
Sleep is for the weak .... and the soldierly . 
Heading out to Friend's tonight to hopefully have fun doing ... whatever , fuck If I know . 
Aye , what to do , what to do , I think I'll go home and try to write a song . Wish me luck . 
Stayed up till 7 a.m. trying to figure out this song with Laramore . 
Chillin at Slackerz , Watchin people play magic . 
Argh it's so Irritating not having my laptop charger . I miss everything lol . 
Found out someone I thought hated me definitely doesn't last night . And that made my week ! 
Twas a decent day . Still hate PT , and certainly not a fan of Cross Fit lol . 
http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2010/6/4/ 
Back to work tomorrow . I vote for more weekends and less work . And coffee . Defintely lots of coffee . 
So , Starbucks anyone ? 
Hopefully might get a Req for Hawaii ! We will see . 
No Hawaii or Weekend :( Missed out on my requisition . 
Anyhow , at least the work this weekend will involve ammunition , and I can deal with that . 
Lime and limpid green\ 
a second scene , \ 
A fight between the blue\ 
you once knew . \ 
Floating down the sound resounds\ 
Around the icy waters underground\ 
Jupiter and Saturn \ 
Oberon < PROPFEMALE > and Titania \ 
Neptune Titan\ 
Stars can frighten ... you 
Listening to Astronomy Domine by Pink < PROPMALE > with Syd < PROPMALE > 
Work at 1500 . Sucky 
Well , back from the woods , how's everyone else ? 
Well , didn't die during live fires . Still managed to hurt myself though ; Yeah , it pretty much figures I've yet to go through one training event without either injuring myself in some small way or walking through something I shouldn't have . I'm a walking accident lol . 
watchin crank 
lol so my < PROPFEMALE>'s hurt , got a rope burn on the other leg , and my neck feels like a very strong midget is hanging from it whilst kicking me in the spine . At least it's friday . 
On FreedomFest Detail all weekend long . Least I get to wear ACU's for the first time in forever . 
Well , finished with Freedom Fest , sorta met Trace Adkins ( my opinion , he's a prick to soldiers ) and now cleanup is all that's left . And by god , we'd better get compensated for our lost 4day weekend ! 
Also , it was one of the worst experiences of my life . That airfield is fucking trashed . God damn you leesville , god damn you ! 
Oh , btw , totally nabbed some Trace Adkins signature guitar picks , so I've got three , willing to give up at least one cause I'm not a fan . Still , good sturdy picks . 
Listenin to music . Right now : Holy Diver 
Symptom of The Universe , Black Sabbath 
what's everyone up to , eh ? 
You ever look back on your life and wish you'd spent more time with somebody ? I wish me and my brother had < PROPMALE > out more , cause between him and I , we're the only two that got each other's backs guaranteed . Dylan , bro , once I come off leave ( if I get it ) we'll chill , and failing that , we'll < PROPFEMALE > out some weekends . Gotta make up for lost time . That , and you've a knack for gettin into awesomely fucked up funny situations . 
wants to go back to Florida and go to Lido beach . Osprey wouldn't be bad either . 
gonna print out some tabs 
Exhausted , but got the night off ( again ) So I suppose there's not too much to complain about . 
Just got off the phone with an old friend . It's nice to catch up with someone you've not seen in nearly a decade . 
Almost the 31st . I won't be coming home as I had hoped , but the time off will still be welcome . 
That profile pic ? That's how the Stubbs bros roll . Sleep in all day every day bitches ! 
Just wrote a new Guitar riff . Don't really have a name for it yet , and it's not finished , but I've got an intro , bridge , and backing and main riffs to play off of , so it's gettin there 
ahh bored got an hour and a half to kill , anyone wanna chat or what have you ? 
or know any interesting apps ? 
Just trying to kill time 
Sometimes , you know what you want , but there is a temporarily insurmountable obstacle in your way . This is one of those times . 
Wishes he could see all the people important to me . I'm just dying to see Tiff , Tier , < PROPFEMALE > , Mom , Dyl , < PROPFIRST > , Maddy , Sissy , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , the Schumers , and Others in my family . I wish I could see y'all now . 
Wouldn't mind seeing Dad either , though it's been a long time since we've really had a father/son relationship . It might not have ended so very well , but the time has come to rebuild . I want to be the one to start reconnecting the severed bonds that used to connect my family and friends . Everyone is so disconnected , and no one is making the effort to repair this . I might as well be the one . 
And I want to be there for < PROPFIRST > Maddy and Sissy in their high school years , because they don't have a great example to follow and I don't want them to end up like me . 
Bored out of my mind . 
I'm up out of here , see y'all later . 
Just Finished mowing Battalion's lawn . An eventful day , to be sure . 
Playin guitar at 4 a.m. Nothin better 
Well , pt in the mornin . 
good god it's over 100 degrees here . I feel like I'm baking . Or , at least deflating . 
Goin to Norfolk Tomorrow , gonna see some family I haven't seen for nearly 10 years whilst saving leave days for Christmas to see my Family in Florida for X-Mas 
Every day I sit and wonder how my life it used to be\ 
Now I feel like going under , now my life is hard to see\ 
So tell me people , am I going insane ? \ 
Tell me people , am I going insane ? \ 
\ 
Am I Going Insane- Black Sabbath 
Currently at Airborne School ... Finally . 
PT Test tomorrow . Now it's a matter of staying out of the 41 club . 
PT test passed , continuing on with school 
Just got done doing PLFs ( which were surprisingly pain free ) fixin to shower and go to PX . Anyone want to join me ? 
Well done for the day , exhausted , sweaty , and preparing for another 3.5 mile run tomorrow . Too Easy . 
Alright , done for the week , now on to the weekend 
Enjoyin the weekend , and tower week is next , so it's time to begin falling from the sky 
Quit my job this morning said forever \ 
I would hold my head up high \ 
Cause i need metal in my life \ 
Just like an eagle needs to fly \ 
So i walked outside into the street \ 
From a hall i heard thunder and screams \ 
I walked inside so i could hear \ 
and the guy beside me gave me a beer \ 
He had his fist up in the air \ 
and called me brother said my friends \ 
are over there 
They call themselves immortals \ 
They're the truest of the true \ 
And in that very moment \ 
I was born again like you \ 
They said hold your head up high \ 
Raise your fist up in the air \ 
Play metal louder than hell \ 
Louder than hell 
Die For Metal by ManOwaR 
Well got fucked over on CQ , but got time to start reading A Clockwork Orange . It's infinitely better than the movie , and the movie was classic . 
3 more days training this week . 
Drinking that awful Cerra Sport they make you put in your canteen in airborne school . No matter what flavor they are , they always suck . It's basically flavored hydration salts . 
Thank god for the 1st and 15th :D 
Best wishes to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , I hope you get your shit straight bro . And kill some hajj for me since I can't be there to help . 
learned how to play lucky on the guitar , don't know why , now gonna shower change and go ot breakfast . My body feels like ... well , it feels like I've been slamming into rocks for two weeks . Can't really make up a phrase that sums it up better than the reality . 
There's nothing like a great guitar , who needs money girls or cars . A good guitar can get these things , the power omnipresent in these 6 strings . And while the party will come and go , a great guitar plays from your soul . So if you find these statements true , keep rocking on , say I to you . 
Some last minute PLF's today , and then tomorrow I ascend to the heavens . 
Viddy well , O my brothers and sisters , and keep your glazzies heaven-ward and your gulliver clear as an azure sky of deepest summer ; tomorrow I will be earthbound . 
So ...... Totallly jumped out of a couple planes today . Words cannot describe the way it feels to leave your feet and float ( read : fall ) to the ground . I wish I could explain , but I simply can't . Suffice it to say , it's the best thing I have ever felt in my life . Ever . 
Well , finished jump 5 and it was a WTF type landing . What I mean by that is , of the over 2,000 yards of land to fall into , I fell into a culvert/pipe/whatever you want to call it . That's right . I parachuted into a pipe . Pretty damn sore right now , but not broken , so at the very least I got an interesting story now . Also , 4 dudes nearly bought the farm today . 
go to 5jump.com if you want to get my airborne pics ( to the family ) class 33-10 3rd platoon , #674 
Before you < PROPFEMALE > on with your day , remember what events happened on this day in 2001 and honor those no longer with us . 
Well , nearly back to Ft Polk , Home of the Laser Tag Infantry . 
Just posted some guitar vids . I've noticed I come up with better stuff when I'm not really thinking about it 
Will be busy next two months , so I'll be on intermittently but briefly in that time , so forgive me if I am not as quick to respond as you would like :) 
going to work soon , leave me a message if you want to talk and I'll get back to yas 
If I can find an excuse to dress up for Halloween , I'm going to be < PROPFIRST > . It's the the most awesome costume ever . Also , anyone have any ideas for a heavy metal related tattoo ? 
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xeumwx_jack-johnson-at-or-with-me-featurin_music 
Fixing to grab some caffeinated solution , return to my lair to blast the bayous of Ft . Polk with Glorious Metal , and going to < PROPFEMALE > out with a friend in Lake < PROPFIRST > tonight . For once , an eventful day in this terribly dull and hopeless state . 
Listening to some CD's I found at JR's military surplus store and preparing to go into the field in the morning . CD's are\ 
Aenima - Tool\ 
Hello Nasty - Beastie Boys\ 
Devil Without a Cause - Kid Rock\ 
God Hates Us All - Slayer\ 
Broken - Nine Inch Nails\ 
Rage Against The Machine - Rage Against The Machine 
It kind of sucks to see these beautiful young women I crushed on back home going about their lives and knowing that I may never get the < PROPMALE > to ask them out now that I've finally got the balls 3 to do so 3 years on . Good lord , a great many regrets , but here's to possible futures . 
Man , I recorded some really good licks today , then while I'm going over them I look down and realize my recorder can't transfer over to computer . SHITE !!!!!!!!! I'm gonna have to go out and find one with a USB port . Anyone got suggestions for a good one ? It needs to be able to handle extremely high and low frequencies without \bottoming out \"" 
Peace and World Domination to all ! 
When I get out , I'm gonna try and be the best brother to < PROPFEMALE > she'll ever have . And to the other kids , I'll be there for you too . Family first . 
Ok , so to take the driving test in Skeezeville , I'm supposed to provide my own vehicle . Question : How do I legally drive a car to the DMV by myself ( yes , I understand someone else can drive , but that's beside the point ) 
INTERGALACTIC PLANETARY PLANETARY iNTERGALACTIC 
Must fight urge to listen again ..... Must Channel Inner Metal .... 
HELLULUYAH ! 
Now , returning to chill mode ... GOBLINCOCK . This is a band I would totally make . 
Bored to tears , and got to go back to work tomorrow 
Arrrgh 2013 I'm setting out to form a band ! 
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR YOUR CONSPIRACY THEORIES ABOUT 9/11 BECAUSE THEY ARE BULLSHIT , DISRESPECTFUL , AND PATENTLY ( AND PROVEN ) FALSE . GODDAMNIT ! 
Gonna get my jump on tomorrow . And thanks , Dad , for the new phone on it's way . 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Giraldo . 
Had my < PROPFEMALE > jump with 1-509th today , and it went well . Fell fast , landed soft . Anyhow , on to the three day ! 
What to do ....... music and guitar are a given , but surely there is something else to do around here ? 
Reading latest issue of TIME magazine , and there's an article on Westboro Baptist Church .... I hope someone burns down their church , because those people are fucking EVIL . 
Back to work tomorrow . woo . 
Confirmed : Orders to 2nd Brigade 82nd . Hopeful : Deploy and do my freaking job . 
uh oh , this minecraft game is kinda fun ... I might lose some hours of sleep . 
FEUER FREI ! 
Dreamer by Ozzy Osbourne 
Gazing through the window at the world outside , wondering will mother earth survive . \ 
Hoping mankind will stop abusing her , sometime . After all there's only just the two of us , and here we are still fighting for our lives , watching all of history repeat itself , time after time . 
Die For Metal 
They can't stop us , let them try , for Heavy Metal we would die 
Quit my job this mornin , said forever I would hold my head up high . \ 
Cause I need metal in my life , just like an eagle needs to fly . \ 
So I walked oustside into the street , from a hall I heard thunder and screams\ 
I walked inside so I could hear , and the guy beside me , gave me a beer 
Mannish Boy by Muddy Waters 
http://www.somethingawful.com/d/photoshop-phriday/classic-films-porn.php 
Will be out in the field a while . See y'all in a week . 
Was Listening to : I Got Invited To The Orgy by Arsonists Get All The Girls\ 
Now listening to : Mr Roboto by Styxx . 
Back From The Field , and I'm done with trench warfire for a while . 
Doing STX , i.e. Am I Working Hard or Hardly Workin ? 
Tired and Exhausted , but still working . 
Happy Thanksgiving all ! First and foremost I am grateful to those soldiers currently out in the sandbox , especially my friends from BCT . Keep your heads down and stay safe . Also , I am grateful for all the things my Mom has done through all the hard times we've had . And finally , to my good friends , you know who you are , and thank you for your enduring friendship . 
Got to < PROPFEMALE > out with Tiffy and Tier yesterday , first time in abnout a year . Man I missed those two . 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Nielson . 
I like jumping .... I DO NOT like -1 parachutes . Hitting the ground that fast was not the highlight of my career . 
Hey y'all , I know I dropped off the map for a couple weeks there . Been busy here with Army shite , but I'll be on my way home very soon . I'll be around the areas of Bradenton , Sarasota , and Ellenton . 
TRON ! 
PT test .... easy , sure , but still hate doing it . 
I am back home , finally ! :D 
Going to be in town later today with my brother , gonna prob go to the mall and eventually go see Tron . So see y'all around . It's been a long time :) 
Goin into town , maybe see some friends . 
Will go to town if Taxi ever gets here . 
R.I.P. Papi . I will miss you , and everything I've ever done in my life was done in the hopes I'd make you proud . I love you , and will miss you always . 
Thinking about getting a tattoo in memory of my grandfather . 
Gonna go get some extra presents for the Holiday , and got a cheap little guitar that sounds nice . 
When I get back to polk I'll upload the slew of photos and video I've got . 
Playing Guitar . Give me a song to learn peoples 
Two more days at home , than Back to Polk . These next two months had better fly by quickly 
I feel as though I am on the cusp of some sort of epiphany or self discovery . Now if only I knew what it was ... 
All I need in this life is a great woman and a good guitar . 
Go Airforce !!!!! ;) I love the Air Force I wanna switch branches !!!!!! 
I didn't write that gay ass airforce bullshit , my POGUE friend did . Goddamn POGUES ! 
EYEBORGS ! They're coming to get you ! There's No Government ! AAAGHGHGHGHGHGHH !!! 
Don't Mess With Rambo ! 
