is fucking bored 

liable to kill some albia fuck for stealin my shit 
cant beileve im up at 5 haha goin back to bed 
leave me the fuck alone ahhh fuck i just want to move out get the fuck out 
come with me to the dark side ull like it !!!!!!! hahaha 
yall wanna single say fuck that .. FUCK THAT !! FUCK THAT !! 
ya fuckin tired 
OMG lol that anoys me < PROPFEMALE > much haha when willl it stop and the book The Accedental Billionaires is kik ass its about the guys who created this site that you are using right now if ur reading this 
i just bored as fuck want my xbox and stuff back 
taking the day off its nice im working a 6 day week this week 58 fucking hours haha i love the money though 
what do you see in the dark when the demons come for you 
what do u see in the dark when the demons are coming for u 
god cant wait till friday i want the weekend off 
515 Alive was fuckin crazy it was a new experience and a good one 
check video of 515 ALIVE 2009 go to youtube and type in search bar metallica911 
AHHH WAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE 
is tired and had a hell of a time at lake arrowhead made some new friends again 
im tired of not being able to listen to music 
aahh 5FDP is gonna kik ass cant wait to see them ( Oct 3rd , Chicago , IL at 5:30 ) 
haha i got my car and this one im not gonna crash lmao 
i seen a $ 200,000 Mazerati come into bratz today ... a very sexy car 
start class wed hell yea even know its IHCC 
is pissed i was sleeping ans pulled a glass of water on my head wants to sleep 
great couple weeks lol havent been on facebook wow 
in Chicago baby haha this town is huge and i cant wait for the concert ... crazy fuckin drivers makes me feel at home lol 
hopefully i get to go see papa roach and some other bands in des moins 2morro 
lifes hard but yo know wat .. fuck it i like it that way keeps shit entertaining 
i like that hippie movie 
mayb shit will go right this year 
everyone go to youtube and search metallica911 and look at my new vid 
work 2morro yay mo money mo money but not much and itll b gone soon ne way 
smokin a couple cigarettes eating some chicken < PROPMALE > then its off to work again till 6 
FUUUCCCCKKKK !!!!!! that is wats on my mind 
yeaaaaahahahahah fuck neyah get ah ha out heha idk im bored 
GOD u dont understand how bored i am right now i just wanna do sumtin idc FUCK !! 
this country was founded on the double standered white slave owners who wanted to be free haha 
i need a hobby 
lmao wat am i thinkin i need money for a hobby haha stupid < PROPMALE > 
chemistry wat an interesting subject and my most fav chem ... mayb . is biological chemistry complex but it is amazing that such a small change can have such a dramatic outcome 
i bet im smarter than you 
i am tired of the day endin so soon 
oh man u should come listen to this dryer it squeeks .... Oh and squeeks and squeeks and squeeks .... AGGHH shut the fuck up im tired of listenin to it time to fix it ... but u know aint bad for a free dryer 
is drunk and having fun with friends 
fucked my back up somehow ... real bad 
did u know danco in centerville has a hot tub on top of it 
ok for all u people who wernt up at 3 in the morning this morning .... there is a fucking hot tub on top of Danco on the centerville square .... any comments on this one ? 
HAPPY 420 EVERYONE AHAHA LEGALIZE IT DON'T CRITISIZE IT 
EAT ME 
havin a bad day anyone wanna suck some < PROPMALE > 
just finished wireing p daniels subs in his car haha 
loving life and friends haha 
i cant beleive that i miss my friends from high school as much as i do even the ones i didnt < PROPFEMALE > out with 
anyone wanna party thursday night 
noone gives a shit about the party thursday night i see how it is yall dont like me u say u do but u dont make me all sad and shit but itll be alright ive delt with worse i geuss u know i got ppl that love me just not many 
u know my time that i have alone is a great time to enhance my insanity 
BYOB party at my house 2night ppl everyone welcome 
o work o work how i hate u another day of torture and harrasment too need my license back so i can finally get a job at mediacom 
now a proud owner of a green lightsaber cant wait to beat the shit out of < PROPFIRST > with it 
got drunk as hell last night dont even have a hangover and i could of swore how good i felt last night i was gonna feel like shit 2day 
hates when people are always on their fones but can never awnser you 
< PROPMALE > Bryan -------- hes better than google .... hahaha 
is fucking bored and tired just woke from a quite fritening nap dreaming sucks i need to quit that shit .... u know wat would b funny is if life were just a dream and when u die u wake up then its another dream and u die and u wake up again and its a never ending cycle 
ohhh yeaaaahhhh 
1 in the morning gotta work at 8 again hopefully i can get to sleep 2nite other than like last night where i lied awake in bed till 330 
ok yall like that song paparazzi by lady gaga and you know she is crazy well if i havent told some of you stairway to heaven by led zepplin has a demonic messege in it when played backward 
i just found one in paparazzi where she says \theres no other superstar \ 
go to youtube and search this OBAMA \ 
TELLS < PROPFEMALE > - \Serve Satan ! \ " - This will floor you ! " 
i love pizza ranch pizza ahaha and they deliver :) 
u know wat the government sucks 
anyone wanna b my ride to lazerfest 
To whom it may concern ..... 
shavin my head its hot outside for hair 
hopes its nice out 2morro wanna swim 
Thank you for calling Bratz Hell . You have reached the cheif damnned soul . How may i direct your call ? 
ur mind changes about jail when u get there and u know you can possibly b there for months till u get out to just get more bad news when you get out 
fuckin pissed off and sunburnt 
twitter is a different site i think its interesting and might become quite addicting 
fun at lake arrowhead today god damn i love that place 
ok i miss my blackberry and im tired of this LG but when i get the money im getting a DROID them things r badass and i think better than a blackberry :) oh and just so everyone knows im buyin it with ligit money from a ligit job that i hope to get after treatment 
it was hard convencing them that stuff wasnt yours but i did it .... your welcome ... 
back at gmas for a week then treatment friday 
i want to go play in this storm :) 
goin to c po oh yay haha 
anyone use twitter 
im bored as fuck !!! 
is playing loud music so he doesn't have to argue with the voices in his head again ! 
off to drug treatment wish me luck 
im finally home after 33 long days in mt pleasent im happy to b back 
i am just a worthless liar , i am just an imbecile , i will only complicate you , trust in me and fall as well , i will find a center in you , i will chew it up and leave , i will work to elevate you , just enough to bring you down 
damn it 515 alive is aug 7th and i dunno if ill be able to go hopefully i can get someone to take me 
i want some one to b by my side i want someone to care for i geuss i just want to find someone else to love 
want to go to lake arrowhead sometime soon 
dont like being stuck in the house cause there is nowhere to go and nothing to do 
wants to go to arrowhead ... no one to go with .. EJ i we should go tomorrow .. option still open for 2day still aint got a job yet 
and boredom sets in 
< PROPFIRST > grove .. ej surber id take a bullet for you mother fuckers 
prison food makes you gain weight i gained a lil over 20 pounds in 33 days 
i am just a worthless liar -- i am just an imbecile -- i will only complicate you -- trust in me and fall as well ------ i will find a center in you -- i will chew it up and leave -- i will work to elevate you -- just enough to bring you down -- well whhhyyy cant we be sober 
goin to arrowhead ya lol 
swimmin in otown 
i enjoy the feeling of my freshly shaved head haha and when the girls rub it :) 
Bored as hell lol o well 
no lake today but i might get my license back hell yea 
dont get my license back yet i need to get SR22 insurance then pay a 100 dollar civil penalty then i can get it back ... fuck i have to wait to get a job .. o well 
just road across ottumwa to dollar general on my lil brothers electric scooter died right as soon as i got to the driveway haha 
off to the NA meeting 
gettin ready to go to my job interview at cargill 
think i might get the job i go back today at 245 to see wat u do at the job 
Goin to arrowhead 
more than likely got the job gotta walk in there piss for em do a physical and they will see how i do on training 
plan on doin nothing tomorro might go fishing hit me up if neone wants to do something ... \ 
P.S. i enjoy it when good looking females go off the rope swing :) 
anyone wanna do something ?? 
goin to arrowhead today anyone want to join 
At lake arrowhead yall come out 
Women swinging off the rope into the water today .. All i got to say is NICE 
At lake arrowhead again 
any one want to go fishing in ottumwa text me 6418567274 
wants to do something 
breaking up with your partner & saying \we can still be friends\ " is like your dog dying & your mom saying \ " you can still keep it \"" 
is bored - so might dress up as death and entertain the old folk . 
is thinking of a new idea for a tattoo any suggestions 
My life was just an old routine . Every day the same damn thing . I couldn't even tell I was alive . I tell you , the high cost of livin ' , ain't nothin ' like the cost of livin ' high . 
just got done with my physical for exel things r lookin good 
thinking of shaving my legs ... i got 2 patches shaved off my left leg for tattoos so y not lol 
i got the ink fever ... :) 
want another tattoo already dunno wat to do cause i want it on my arm 
ohh and i would like to go to the appanoose county fair but i dunno how to get there 
tired of being ignored tired of being without friends fuck 
spike is now making a double shot energy drink that is more powerful than the actual can oh hell yea geuss wat im doin 2morro morning 
elesbian stripper love triangle on < PROPFIRST > springer o god do i love it :) 
need to get power supply for tattoo gun 
on youtube watching Tool music videos 
FUCK FACEBOOK ... social networking my ass 
its 955 and its almost curfew i didnt do a fucking thing today that sux mayb tomorro i will prosper but i doubt it 
needs a girl 
you know you guys wouldnt believe this but i added up all the money i spent on \pointless shit\ " and i could have boughten me a house or a brand new corvette or 2 brand new camaros i geuss i was good at gettin money just not good at keepin it " 
sittin at home bored get at me 
wanna do a tattoo on my hand to cover up this shit made with a homemade tat gun looks like crap want something good 
89% Of The Teen Population Has Moved On To Rap . If You Are One Of The \ 
11% That Rocks Out Every Day post this . ----------- 92% of \ 
the teen population would be dead right now if Abercrombie n ' finch \ 
decided breathing wasn't cool . post this if you would be one\ 
of the 8% that would be laughing hysterically in the backround ! 
has a mind like a drill bit ! It is twisted , and very dangerous if used improperly ! 
looking for a temp job until cargill gets back at me wounder when that will b if ever 
didnt take long and i got a call back from supreme staffing i got a temp job at Millards ... fuck yea ... start 2morro at 330 .. 
holy shit < PROPMALE > you got a job ? im so proud of you ?? why thanks < PROPMALE > i appreciate it . i tend to talk to myself sometimes to make myself feel better is that crazy u dont thinnk im crazy do you if u do i sure fooled em ahahaha 
start my new job today haha 
come with me to the dark side of the force 
ok to all those who dont like their job f u lol i lift about a couple thousand pounds a night mayb more fuck idk lifting 90 to 100 lb boxes all night .... fun ..... 
work was easy 2night heaviest box i had to throw was 30 lbs all night thank god and monday it will b back to 90 and 100 lb boxes ... damn lol 
If\ 
you have/had a mom who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged \ 
youtight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you\ 
strong . Moms are promise from God that you will have a friend forever !? \ 
Put this on your status if you love your mom ! Love you mom , your the \ 
best !!! 
STATUS UPDATE : ..................................................... FUCK .................................................... :) 
no social life in this town neone wanna help me :( 
need about 600 bucks to get my license back neone want to help get my crazy ass back on the road hahaha 
hey boss do me a favor and grab me the jager and i ll grab my guitar and play 
spike energy shot how i love you .. keep me goin through this night at work thank you and come again soon 
wants to know how you make \Do Not Touch\ " sign in Braille ? " 
spike is working lol 
fuckin worn out and i under estimated how much weight is lifted at work each of them pallets has to 2000 pounds its self i do alot of them cant even count 
got the internet working on the psp 
is wondering what kind of looks he would get if he mowed the yard naked lol 
check out the mobile uploads new pics 
Someone text me i need sumtin to do tomorrow 
Ya forgot to add my number its 6418567274 
ok thats hott ... < PROPFEMALE > fox stars in eminems music video i love the way you lie 
to all my friends on facebook if i know you well or not have a great fucking day i would like too 
early in the mornin rise into the street light me up that cigarette and ill stomp shoes on my feet 
got to find a reason ... a reason things went wrong ... got to find a reason why my moneys all gone 
why does it sound like the devil is laughing .. leaving me haunted tonight 
straight jacket with a hundred and eight brackets . and a strap that wraps twice around my back then they latch it . 
Going Through Changes .. great song 
My friends just can't understand this new me , \ 
\ 
That's understandable man , but just think how bananas you'd be 
I'll show you pussy footin , I'll kick a bitch in the cunt\ 
Til it makes her queef and sounds like a fucking whoopy cushion -------------- lmao thought this was funny as hell 
I wanna make love in a stolen police car while being filmed by cops parked in the middle of town 
ok seriously im fucking pissed off fucking cop stop me on my brothers electric toy scooter thing wont go over 10mph and told me since i dont have a license i cant ride it on the fucking road or side walk now thats some fucking bullshit told me to get off it and walk ...... AHHHHH FUCK !!!!! ITS A FUCKING TOY !!!! 
will someone in otown bum me a cig they havent paid me yet ... :) 
\is it still illegal to preform an autopsy on a living person\ " LMAO " 
ohhhh my god !!!!......... i dont have one :) 
you know im prolly smarter than you hahaha 
tattoos are sexxy straight up 
gonna draw a tattoo or two im bored and not tired and i got to work at 7 2morro all fucking day haha gotta love it .... at least im being creative ehhh ?? 
my fucking back hurts 
irritated at myself 
you prolly wont like me and im becoming ok with that i guess 
hotter than fuck out makin money though :) 
got a nice ass fucking tan today i love it looks damn good cept my white ass but noone gonna see that right yet haha 
got my fuckin license back !! OOO RAHHH !!! 
got my plates now im totaly legal :) 
Lovin the sober life no more window peakin rearview mirror drivin < PROPMALE > haha 
Sieda group in the morning then work .... oh joy 
Rail you i will .... ( laughing histaricly ) .... hes crying like he just won an < PROPFEMALE > !!... ahahaha 
fucking lonely 
check out some new drawings in mobile uploads 
thinkin maybe about a business school in the future tired of livin this life ... the working man class dont get enough fucking credit 
i will live forever because when i die i want to be shot into space organic organisms will not decompose in a vacum 
had an interview at arrons today but dont know how thats gonna go think my background check is gonna screw me on this one too .... fuck my life 
found my rolex thanks to < PROPFIRST > haha love you man ive been freakin out since i got back from treatment haha 
how many times will i rediscover Powernam 5000 i mean comeon lmao 
New disturbed album is the shit fuckin killer riffs to 
i enjoyed my day at work today got a job in osky doing tires the semi tires are killer on my back but i can deal with that ... better than bratz in ways 
Anyone wanna go fishin 
ok CMT is on tv and i think i can like country because of < PROPFIRST > swift :) haha 
think im goin to get a koi fish tattoo on my arm ---------- More generally , the Japanese associate koi ( also known as carp ) with \ 
perseverance in adversity and strength of purpose . Because of its \ 
strength and determination to overcome obstacles , it stands for courage \ 
and the ability to attain high goals . 
~~~~ 89% Of The Teen Population Has Moved On To Rap . If You Are One Of \ 
The 11% That Rocks Out Every Day , Put This On Your Profile . ~~~~~~~~~ 92%\ 
of the teen population would be dead right now if Abercrombie n ' finch \ 
decided breathing wasn't cool . Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you would be one\ 
of the 8% that would be laughing hysterically in the backround 
Get inked mother fuckers haha ... i love the pain cause it reminds me im still alive 
off to work 
i love house ha good fucking show my fav doctor 
oh ya old episode but house just ot it on with a hot < PROPMALE > bitch he met at the psyc < PROPMALE > wish my visit to the MHI was that interesting ha 
women with tattoos are sexy .. love the sleeves ad half sleeves 
wanna fuckin jam havnt done it in forever and will never forget the drunken jr high days in the basement with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > hell yea guys 
need some friends in otown for someone to < PROPFEMALE > out with on the weekends or in osky for during the week haha 
So tell me\ 
Can you heal what father's done ? \ 
Or fix this hole in mother's son ? \ 
Can you heal the broken worlds within ? \ 
Can you strip away so we may start again ? \ 
Yeah , tell me , can you heal what father's done ? \ 
Or cut this rope and let us run ? \ 
Just when all seems fine and I'm pain free\ 
Jab another pin\ 
Jab another pin in me\ 
Oh yeah 
anyone wanna text im bored 
in brittnay spears song baby one more time where it says ' with you i lose my mind give me a si ' reversed it says ' sleep with me im not to young ' download it and reverse it with audacity yourself if you dont believe me 
i miss goin to the raves and i get invitations on here all the time and its buggin me out i would love to go but i cant 
Carpe Diem 
i watched this movie last night on on demand called bad luetinete or however u spell that and i thought it was bad ass nicolos cage played a bad ass cop and xibit was pretty bad ass to kept me thinkin all the way through it 
Wat the fuck thats all i got to say about today some fucking bullshit .. Goin home 
90% of people couldnt handle wat ive gone through 
needs a diff fone that dont take internet ne one got one to spare 
snoorreeee snore snore ahhhaahaahhhaa fuck shut up 
like my status and i'll tell you the truth . 
i got 171 friends and i bet i dont know all of em so if u dont know me and read this talk there was some sort of reason there was an add or accept 
Ahh fml distance and probation suck nuts 
well i owe everybody money .. and i think racist jokes are funny im a lowww liife 
god damn < PROPFIRST > swift is fine y didnt she go to my high school ha and i secretly dance to her songs at work while fixing tires and changing oil hahahaha 
Everyone do the futterwacken 
imma be a business man haha gonna produce a new product to be on the shelves of all your < PROPMALE > wal marts ....... its called ..... BITCH BE GONE ahaha 
I LOOOVVVEE LAPPIN TIRE ahahaha 
i remember the days when we were all care free nothing could stop us and nothing could touch us we were invinsible had everything we wanted and all was good till that warm may day cut u and my egos right into two its funny cause now we run around like we dont know wat to do y is life so hard i just had the < PROPFEMALE > of it till it slipped through my finger tips like the blow that ruined it 
I LOVE LAPPIN TIRE !!! ahaha and < PROPMALE > says i dont ever say it .. shit lol 
got my fuckin tounge pierced finnally lol i told u i would do it so dont doubt me people 
what time does fuckin napa auto parts close in centerville 
phones off for the night ... 
If your tires is a flappin call us at Lappin lol 
As I walk through the Valley Of Death I shalt Fear No Evil For I am the BADDEST MOTHERFUCKER in the Valley lol 
dont judge me bitch i will fuck you up 
ill fuckin do it 
buzzed my hair off ... ahhh it feels soooo much better 
i got a new fone haha i got a droid x and a new number 641-436-1916 
Ahh droid x wat wonderful fone and I havnt even figured it all out yet 
I am loving this fucking fone ... harass still tryin to figure it all out though 
Ugh off to Osky for some good ole fun work hope its a busy day at Lappin tire 
Now two flags fly above my land that really sum up how I feel . One toys high and proud . The red the white and blue . The other one has a simple statement made . 
Don't tread on me that's wat it says and ill take it to my grave . 
Time to go home and chill till she gets off work im a tired mother tucked for some reason 
Gonna go get inked .. shy don't tell lol 
The feeling of a needle puncturing ur flesh hundreds of times a second is a feeling unlike any other .. take it like there is no pain and b proud of it 
The new rat ain't badass enough to get any comments ?? Lame 
Blah that's how I fuckin feel right now ... ugghhaaa wat the fuck .. 
Mother tucked I just wrote a long ass status and it got erased cause I turned my phone hmmm .. there's something facebook should fix on their app for the android 
Wat the fuck Bears you have come this far and ur fuckin it up uggghhhaaa ... its been 27 years since uve won a super bowl I want to c u get there and win it .. 
GO BEARS !!!!! 
Awesome fucking day ... and I dunno why just in an amazing mood .. hurray for me right .. haha 
Don't feel 100% .. ugghh fuck !! 
Need a lil extra money so if ya want a tattoo hit me up 20 to 60 bucks depending on time .. 6414361916 
Hoping to move to Osky soon ... like when I get my possessions back got enough back from taxes to move now but gonna save a lil more 
Fuckin stoked 
Land scraper tires will fuckin tire u out .. holy shit . Peace out whoever reads posts from < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > im goin to bed lol 
That drive home from Osky was fucking nuts .. haha 
Im happy its my bday and all but this is not where I planned to b at 20 years .. funny how life reroutes itself huh ? 
I don't know .... that's it idk 
Trust is delicate like a fine < PROPFEMALE > glass but the worst feeling is when that glass is setting on the edge of the table and there's nothing you can do about it 
I heard the line up for lazerfest this year may 15th .. know im goin lol . Sounds like a good one but im quite disappointed 5FDP wont b there 
Don't look at me like I am a monster 
still up and cant get to sleep but love the reminising with my cuz .. o < PROPFEMALE > good times ... we were crazy lil munchkins back then haha 
Do as I say not as I do 
Justice is lost justice is raped justice is done 
Good fucking morning everyone .. today is gonna b a great fucking day 
Im bored so facebook is here .. its like talking to myself but its ok cause its a social network lol .. and I better slow the fuck down or im going to b early 
Call blockers r awesome 
Ink myself tonight ?? Mayb .. or finish drawin tat for < PROPFIRST > not sure 
I want my highschool sweetheart back 
Found a new trigger today and its the weirdest one .. the sound of a message comin in on the blackberry .. wow how simple yet powerful 
I just got ducked hard by the oil industry Damn I should of got gas last night 
Im 500 pieces to a 1000 piece puzzle .. the other half is lost in the distance ?? foreverr ?? Someone fix this .. 
The drugs and alchohol chose me I would never choose them over you 
Uuuggggaahhh !!! 
Ughh fuck .. I shouldn't be in this much fucking pain 
Im so happy cause today I found my friends .. their in my head .. 
This shots stressin me out ahhhhh mother fucker lol 
Nascar is so much more fun when u got money on it ... especially when u win hell yeah 
Tuesday you can't come quick enough 
Asain mans interpritation of kumho tires ...... cum-hoe lmfao 
Fuck im in pain im fuckin sick and tired of it 
I can't deal with it nemore 
Cure for a broken vibrator .... duct tape hahaha lmfao 
Amazing night just wish it could b every night 
To all who don't fucking know me ... don't fucking judge me 
Good example of irony getting pulled over because I swerved while pluggin my radar in 
2nite could of been better 
Shots gettin better know wats wrong with my back 
Fuckin bored 
FUCK 
Pissed off ... god Damn it 
We need to revolt cause by the its lookin now work ain't even gonna pay for work .. obama we want OUR oil not some < PROPFIRST > sultins oil 
Don't feel worth a shit but did you hear bout < PROPFIRST > sheen and < PROPFIRST > lohans new sitcom its gonna be called two and a half grams .. haha 
Love , hate , sex , pain 
Eye for an eye , tooth for a tooth , blood for blood 
Des moines here I come .. stripclubs ill c u later tonite 
Lazer 1033 is correct the lumber yard is where real men go to get wood .. my face smells like pussy and purfume don't ask how much money I spent 
Ya your a schitsofrentic psycho bitch 
All I got is lmfao .. wow lifes a bitch ... u know wat I think about that ... fuck it 
Got the to all your problems .... mt pleasent ... second floor ... MHI .. let me elaborate that last one ; mental health institution 
Just like you-three days grace 
There are rumors goin around that im using again and if ur sayin it or beleivein it ur the last thing I need in my life 
And once again I hear rumors goin around about me and this one I just heard was so fuckin rediculous I don't c how neone could believe it ... 
Wow ppl get ur fuckin head out of the past ppl change if u have no hope for me how can u even have ne hope for ur own children 
Just discovered the amazing swype keyboard on my droid x ... can you say fucking amazing .. also this time change is gonna kill me it always does 
Can't sleep 
First shave of the warmer weather and that cool breeze feels wonderful across my bald head .. neone want to rub it fur good luck .. ha 
Wat a day ..... 
I can download a full song on my fone in 30 seconds and this swype keyboard is awesome lol I want to type on it all day 
Its bed time ... fuck me 
Aww my wonderfull bed good fucking night people 
This my friends is mother natures true beauty 
Work hurry up and get here 
Ok scarface in HD is gonna b badass can't wait till it comes out ill b buying it 
i think y i love working in tire shops so much is the fact that we walk around with rolling explosives all day and it just excites me ... 
Just woke up .. holy shit ha 
