is on my way to Hot Springs , then to Gurdon , then to Prescott ... that's the plan anyways ... =) 

Woo Hoo ! Go Hogs !! 
is so thankful for my wonderful friends ! 
is cleaning ... blah . 
has such a wonderful life ! =) 
is excited about starting my project ! If I ever get to it today ... going to buy paint for it then headed to Gurdon to eat lunch with friends ! Life is good ! =) 
is worn out and it's only Monday ! I'm also thinking my project is turning out to be bigger than I planned . Sanding is a tough job , lol . Hopefully I'll have it finished by this weekend . =) 
had a great time at the lake today , even though the water was hot ... 
loves Sundays !! =) 
thinks she's gonna sleep in til 6:30 tomorrow ... 
finished my furniture !! Woo Hoo !! Now if I can just fit it all into my < PROPFEMALE > apartment ! =) 
is headed to a Bunco party ! 
had so much fun tonight ! 
is getting ready to go to the lake !! 
had a great time at the lake tonight ! 
is wishing everyone a happy and safe 4th of July !! 
is going to church , hope you have a great Sunday ! =) 
is going to Zumba ! 
is headin ' to bed ... going to Dierks in the morning to see my grandma ! 
is going to Dierks to see my Grandma !! =) 
has SOOO much to do before Saturday !! Maybe I should make a list ... 
If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want(be nice ) . When you are finished post this paragraph in your own staus and you'll be surprised about what people remember about you . 
is < PROPFEMALE > tired and I haven't packed a thing yet !! 
is FINALLY getting ready to head to < PROPMALE > !!! I never made a list ... hope I don't forget anything ! =) 
just got home !! I have a ton of stuff to do but waitin til tomorrow ! 
is headin ' to the gym ! 
loves my BBC family !! I hate that we only get together 2 times a year . Can't wait for the Labor Day Retreat !! 
has a lot to do today ... lets see how much I get accomplished ! =) 
can't believe how fast this summer has gone by ! For once , I'm not ready for summer to be over ! It's gonna get crazy busy in the next few weeks , I think it's starting to sink in about my new job ... getting nervous . It's so hard to believe I won't be at GPS 
is starving ... 
is < PROPFEMALE > glad to see that all the kids made it home from < PROPMALE > safely ! It's such a blessing to have a place like that where the kids can get away from everyday struggles for a week ( or two ! ) and focus on God and fellowship with other Christians . I hope to 
is making guacamole for the cookout tonight ! I know guacamole doesn't really go with burgers but I'm craving it , lol . Can't wait to see Little Miss < PROPFEMALE > and Kaden , ( and of course < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > too , lol . ) 
is sharing my bed with a 6 yr . old and 2 yr . old tonight ... I wonder who will get the most sleep ! lol . 
is asking you to please keep my family in your prayers , my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > passed away tonight . 
is going to Church ! =) 
is sad , my summer is officially over ! It's gone by so fast ! I've got SOOO much to do .... 
is going to day #1 of MAT orientation ... 
is < PROPFEMALE > stressed ! Prayers are appreciated ! =) 
worked in my classroom today ... getting excited but still a little stressed ! It will all come together . =) 
is getting a late start today but headin to work on my classroom ! 
has had such a wonderful day ! Now if I could just go to sleep ... 
is exhausted ! 
is SUPER stressed but I'm so blessed to have my wonderful friends to help me through it ! =) 
is absolutely exhausted but I'm finally seeing a light at the end of the tunnel ! =) 
has to get up at 5:00 in the morning ... blah . 
is sharpening 150 pencils .... I heard it relieves stress .... j/k . 
is going to bed ... I've got a LONG day tomorrow , but I'm excited about meeting all the kiddos ! 
is heading to work , got open house tonight ! I hope everyone has a great day ! 
is exhausted but excited about tomorrow ! 
hopes everyone has a wonderful first day back at school !! =) 
made it through my first day of teaching ! The kids were good , I'm excited about meeting more tomorrow ! 
is headed to work ! I hope everyone has a great Friday ! =) 
LOVES this weather ! I'm ready for Fall and football season ! 
is headed to church ! Have a great Sunday ! =) 
is headin to work ! 
has had many reasons why today should have been a bad day but surprisingly I'm pretty happy ! =) 
is exhausted but still going to the hypnotist tonight at Henderson ! I haven't seen it in years . 
is so stinkin tired but i haven't laughed that hard in LONG time !! Glad tomorrow is Friday but has a super busy weekend ! Class starts early Saturday morning ... =( 
is super tired . Too old to stay out past 10:00 on a school night ... lol . Headed to work ! Have a great Friday ! 
is very very sleepy ... 
is typing out lesson plans then headin ' to bed ! 
just got in from work , now going to class ! Tuesdays are going to be super long days ... 
is stressed ... 
is thinking wow , it's just Wednesday ! Is it just me or has this been the longest week ever ?? 
is SUPER excited about this weekend ! Can't wait to see everyone at the Labor Day Retreat ! I've got < PROPFEMALE > much to do though , haven't packed a thing yet ! 
isn't feeling too well . I don't have time to be getting sick ! Gotta be well for my kiddos at school and my kiddos at the retreat this weekend !! 
just finished packing ! Headin out to beautiful Lake Greeson for the Labor Day Retreat !! Can't wait to see everyone ! 
has had an AMAZING weekend !! Now back to reality ... articles to read , essays to write , and lesson plans to do . =( 
is trying to save people's lives and no one will answer their phone !! 
is exhausted ! Just finished my papers for class ! I'm a terrible student , such a procrastinator ... I'm hitten the sack ! 
seriously thinks I broke my little toe ... Man it hurts !! 
is getting all of my students artwork ready for the < PROPFEMALE > County Fair ! Anyone wanna come help ?? I have extra glue sticks ! lol . 
just finished getting my students artwork ready for the fair , going to bed ... I have to get up in 3.5 hours ... Ugh 
wants to take a nap before the ballgame ... probably not gonna happen . 
feels AMAZING ! I got almost 8 hours of sleep last night , can't tell you the last time that happened . Busy Day !! 
sorry for all the random posts on everyone's wall . My Facebook got hacked ! 
is making lesson plans ... I really want to be in bed !! Gotta busy week ahead of me ... 
is headin to work , gotta long day . Collaboration meeting til 5:45 ! 
is going to bed ! I'm super excited about it too . Man I'm old . Goodnight ! 
is excited about potluck , church , then heading to the fair !! Not so excited about the homework I need to do first ... 
is excited about going to the Gurdon football game tonight !! I hope the rain stays away ! 
had such a great night visiting all my Gurdon friends !! 
is headin ' to the gym ! I miss working out !! 
got my tail kicked tonight ! < PROPFEMALE > ain't playing , lol . I'm gonna be feeling this for a few days ! 
is thanking everyone for the prayers , my mama's doing better . Not sure when she's gonna get to go home though . 
just took a 3 hour nap . Man , I needed it SOOO bad but now I have lesson plans to write after church =( . 
is going to the hospital to see my mommy ! 
just got in from Ttown , mama is doing good . She is going to rehab tomorrow . Don't know when she's gonna come home . Thanks for the prayers ! 
LOVES this weather ! I'm hoping I get to go camping this weekend as planned ! 
is praying for the Lowrey Family . 
is headed to < PROPFIRST > Pike to go tent camping for the weekend !! Well that is as soon as I finish my paper for class and pack ... 
had such a great time camping even though I got injured ! lol . Hope I can find time to go back next month ! 
LOVES this weather ! Time to pull out the long sleeve t-shirts and hoodies !! 
is off to class ... I like being the teacher WAY more than being the student !! 
thinks she has WAY too much on her plate ... somethings gotta give ... 
needs a vacation from life .... just for a little bit . 
took a 4 hour nap today ... could even go back to sleep now , gotta write a paper though ! 
is heading to church ! What a BEAUTIFUL Lord's day ! 
had such a great time in Hot Springs last night , so glad I went ! Now off to work then class tonight ... blah . lol . Have a great day ! 
has had some crazy and stressed couple of weeks but the last few days have been wonderful and couldn't ask for better people in my life . I'm truly blessed ! ( Also my mama may get to come home from the hospital on Friday ! Keep your fingers crossed ! ) =) 
is so excited and happy for Steph and < PROPFIRST > ! Couldn't be a more perfect day for a wedding ! 
REALLY dislikes writing papers .... 
just submitted my paper at 10:45 , it was due by 11:00 . I like to live my life on the edge ... ha ha . Going to bed now , my brain is mush ! 
is sick ... Ugh ... I feel terrible , going to bed ... maybe I can sleep it off ! 
is so glad it's Friday ! I just wish I felt better ! 
is heading to Little Rock for the next few days for the < PROPMALE > Conference . I'm super pumped about it ! Seriously ! 
played all day in the conferences , going to Benihana's soon for supper ! < PROPMALE > conferences are so much fun ! I hope my students behaved for my sub ! 
had such a great time at the conference ! Now watching Legends of the Fall and doing homework ... 
fixen to work on lesson plans .... I'm such a procrastinator ! 
has had a crazy busy day ! Ready for bed ... so sad I have class tomorrow night ... I would rather go to Dierks and see my Grandma . It's her birthday , she'll be 88 !! 
is so happy my mama got to come home from the hospital today !! Hopefully she'll stay outta there ! 
How did we meet ? Everyone play the game . Copy and paste this phrase to your profile , you will find it amusing to see how you met and know your friends !! Now tell me how we met ( be nice ) ... this should be fun !! 
had so much fun at the Bunco party tonight ! I even won one of the big prizes ! =) 
LOVES this weather , getting excited about the holidays ! 
just got home , now going to class ... blah . Almost finished with the semester though ! 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then left click and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works .... it actually works ! 
had a great day ! My observation went wonderful and I got my SMARTboard installed in my classroom . Can't wait to use it ! 
has a wonderful life ! =) 
is getting ready to head to Texarkana , gonna do some shopping ! Gotta find some cute heels to wear in Surratt's wedding ! I'm also going to watch New < PROPFEMALE > , I hear it's the cool thing to do ... 
is going to church ! Oh , how I love Sundays ! =) 
doesn't know what to do with my Sunday afternoon since I don't have lesson plans to make ! lol 
is going to work ! Professional Development for two days then off for the holidays !! 
just finished helping < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > put up and decorate their christmas tree . It's so pretty ! 
is officially on Thanksgiving break !! 
is ready to see my family ! It seems like it's been forever ! 
thinks it's funny how within the past hour my mom , sister , and little brother have all called to see when I'm coming home . I think my family needs to communicate better because they all live in the same house ! lol . 
is back in Arkadelphia ! Didn't go shopping this morning but I think I still need a nap ... 
is glad Prescott won tonight ! Shocked that Nashville lost ! 
thinks it's a beautiful day for a wedding ! So excited and happy for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
had a great day , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s wedding was beautiful ! Got to see < PROPFEMALE > and family . Now having a sleep over with Little Miss < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had a great break , sad that it's over . Gotta super crazy week ahead of me ... papers , a presentation , an observation , and I gotta record myself teaching ... I can't wait until Grad school is OVER !! Only three semesters and a summer left , ha ha . 
bought an iPhone today ! =) 
went 24 hours without realizing my text didn't work , ha ha . I can't believe it took me that long to figure it out ! Hope I didn't miss any important texts ! 
thinks this paperwork I have to fill out for my observation is insane ! This is the 5th observation I've had this semester . On the bright side , I don't have another observation until February ... I don't think . Ha ha . 
is excited about my super quick trip to Branson this weekend ! 
just got in from Branson , had a great time but I'm exhausted ! Gotta make lesson plans now ... 
is so hungry !! Waiting for potluck at church ! 
20 Hyper kids ( x3 ) + red & green paint = chaos ! Had a total of 5 paint spills today , don't know if I should label that as a success or failure ?? Ha ha . Either way , I'm gonna do it all again on Monday . =) I love my job ! 
So now , they have an app store for computers ! That'll probably be my new addiction ... I'm a nerd , I know . 
The snow is < PROPFEMALE > pretty !! =) 
Agenda for tomorrow- Sleep in , then make a giant snowman ! =) 
Who's the Boss ? is on the Hallmark channel ! This makes me so stinkin happy ! 
In Christ alone my hope is found\ 
He is my light , my strength , my song\ 
This cornerstone , this solid ground\ 
Firm through the fiercest drought and storm\ 
\ 
What heights of love , what depths of peace\ 
When fears are stilled , when strivings cease\ 
My comforter , my all in all\ 
Here in the love of Christ I stand ! 
Is on the way to Verizon for Monday Night Raw . Yes , it's true . I know nothing about wrestling but I'm sure I'll enjoy the experience and earn brownie points with my students , :) 
ZUMBA =) 
My class was cancelled for tonight ! What a great way to start the semester ! Now , off to the gym ! =) 
TGIF !! :) 
Zumba kicked my tail tonight ! Love it ! :) 
Can't wait until 3:00 pm on May 13 , 2011 !! =) 
Man , it's been such a long week ! I'm not used to this working five days a week thing ! lol 
Today is BEAUTIFUL ! It makes me ready for Spring ! :) 
THANK YOU SOOO MUCH for all the birthday wishes ! Each and every one of them brought a smile to my face ! I am sooo blessed ! =) 
is thinking I need some cheesecake from Copeland's this weekend ... 
Snow day ! 
In Super Bowls past , I have rooted for the team with the prettier helmets . I'm gonna change it up this year , I'm rootin for the Steelers this year bc they have a catchy song about them . =) 
I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made ; your works are wonderful , I know that full well . http://bible.us/Ps139.14.NIV 
I'm not perfect but I know I'm worth it , :) 
Is sad that I'm gonna miss the Zumbathon at the gym tomorrow night , :( 
has a LONG day today . P/T conferences until 8:00 , but we are out tomorrow ! :) 
decided to drop my phone in a glass of water ... I'm so smart ! 
turned in my application for graduation today , along with all the other stuff required for graduation . Now , all I have to do is pass these last two classes ! :) 
What a BEAUTIFUL day ! :) 
Be joyful in hope , patient in affliction , faithful in prayer . http://bible.us/Rom12.12.NIV 
has decided to do the ESL Academy this summer , any of my teacher friends wanna join me ?? =) 
Ok , good . I'm glad I'm not crazy . I knew I felt something ! 
Ok , I think I've done everything I possibly can to put off writing this paper . I must get started .... especially since it's due in a few hours , =) 
\You have brains in your head . You have feet in your shoes . You can steer yourself any direction you choose . You're on your own . And you know what you know . And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go ... \ " Dr. Seuss " 
can't believe it's already March ! I'm ready for this year to start getting better though ... something good needs to happen soon ! 
May he give you the < PROPFEMALE > of your heart and make all your plans succeed . http://bible.us/Ps20.4.NIV 
Is so glad that the healthclub is having ZUmba on Monday nights now ! :) 
is drained and it's only Tuesday ! 
How abundant are the good things that you have stored up for those who fear you , that you bestow in the sight of all , on those who take refuge in you . http://bible.us/Ps31.19.NIV 
But if we hope for what we do not yet have , we wait for it patiently . http://bible.us/Rom8.25.NIV 
one more day !! =) 
But godliness with contentment is great gain http://bible.us/1Tim6.6.NIV 
It's a GORGEOUS day ! :) 
had a great weekend ! I love catching up with old friends and meeting new ones ! 
boat ride on the lake + cookout + fishing + smores = a great day ! 
wants some tulips , they're so pretty ! 
is watching The Sandlot ! :) 
It's a BEAUTIFUL day ! :) 
Wants to go on a picnic ! 
prayer is AMAZING ! :) 
There's nothing worth worrying over but there are things worth working for . 
is trying to let go of things that are beyond my control ... prayers would be appreciated ! =) 
when it rains it pours ! Prayers for my mom please , thanks ! 
the only things standing between me and graduation is a research paper and my exit interview ... I think I got this ! =) 
It's hard to believe that my little brother is 16 today !! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !! :) 
Ummm , I just noticed that I have 666 friends right now , I either need to add another one or someones got to go ! lol 
Man , Arkansas has been hit pretty hard today and I hear we have another day of this tomorrow . I hope everyone is okay ! 
My exit interview from the graduate program is tomorrow at 4:15 . Prayers would be greatly appreciated !! =) 
So , I think the interview went great ! I'm < PROPFEMALE > happy right now ! =) 
Supposedly a tornado touched down in Caddo Valley while I was at church ! I didn't see any damage if it did but I'm ready for this type of weather to be over with ! 
LOVES that the sun is shining and that tonight is my last graduate class EVER !! =) 
got home today and our yard was mowed ! Do you think it was a random act of kindness or was our yard THAT bad of an eyesore ?? lol 
Spring Fling at PES today !! =) 
had a great time at the Spring Fling but I'm exhausted and REALLY brown ( with a touch of red ) . So glad the Spring Fling was a success , the kids really seemed to enjoy themselves ! =) 
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers ! You definitely deserve more than one day to be celebrated ! 
Thinks this is gonna be a GREAT week ! =) 
M&M McFlurries make me happy ! :) 
I'm no beauty < PROPFEMALE > , I'm just beautiful me ! :) 
has decided that there's really no cute way to wear a graduation cap ... 
Graduation day is finally here ! =) 
has officially graduated !!! For the second and LAST time , :) 
Is FREEZING !! Arkansas weather is < PROPFEMALE > crazy . I hope the sun pops out < PROPFEMALE > n !! 
HATES running .... just saying ... 
FYI-if you're gonna stop on the side of the road to pee , the least you can do is turn AWAY from the road ... just sayin 
is Riverfest bound ! :) 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > Posner to come on stage and later < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Sooo gunshots were fired outside our hotel tonight . I think it's time for this small town girl to head back to the small town , haha . 
had a blowout on my car today , :( 
FYI-Summer Youth Series starts tonight at 7:00 at the Mineral Springs Church of Christ ! If you're in Arkadelphia and need a ride , let me know ! :) 
Is playing the waiting game ... story of my life , haha . :) 
1st day of ESL is over , only 12 more to go ! =) 
finished up Day 5 of the ESL Academy ! I feel < PROPFEMALE > fortunate to get a < PROPMALE > to listen to these speakers ! My eyes have been opened up to < PROPFEMALE > o much in just a few short days ... ready for tomorrow ! =) 
Is finished with the ESL Academy ! What a wonderful experience ! I think every educator should go to this academy ! I've learned TONS of information and met some really great people ! :) 
ESL Academy ended on Saturday , now on to the HSU < PROPMALE > Retreat ! Day 1 of paper making , oil painting and digital lithography ! :) 
lost to an 8 year old in a game of HORSE this evening .... sad day ! 
the < PROPMALE > retreat is over ! Lots of fun but I need a vacation .... lol 
took a great group of girls to SYS tonight ! I've really missed going ! 
REALLY wants to go float the river ! 
BUNCO :) 
is tired of trying to fill this void .... nothing seems to be working , lol . 
is ready to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > tonight ! =) 
Umm , I don't think magic springs was prepared for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . This traffic jam is INSANE !! 
Well after waiting for a shuttle for forever , I decided < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > wasn't worth it , lol . On to the Brau Haus to eat with some friends ! :) 
there's a cricket in my house and it's chirping really loudly .... kinda makes me feel like I'm camping ... lol 
have you ever been driving down a scenic route and listening to the radio and a song came on that fits the mood and it makes you feel like you're in a movie and the song is the soundtrack ?? Haha . That happened to me tonight , it made me laugh , =) 
has SOOOO much to do by tomorrow !! I can't believe it's already time for Bible Camp ! This will be my 10th year counseling !! A week of 100+ degree heat , running on 3-4 hours of sleep a night , a camp full of Jr. High kids learning about God and singing the most beautiful praises to Him . By far , my favorite time of the year , there's nothing like it ! =) 
3 Doors Down ! :) 
Jr. High week of < PROPMALE > starts today !! :) Please pray that the kids will learn more about God , build long lasting relationships with each other and that we all survive this 100+ degree heat !! :) 
Cabin rest time is such a wonderful time ! :) 
My heart is so full of joy right now . I wish everyone could experience this ! 
Summer Youth Series is at < PROPMALE > Bible Camp tonight at 7:00 . If you're in the area , we would love to have you !! I promise you won't be disappointed ! :) 
it is < PROPFEMALE > HOT !!! 
Is back home from bible camp ! I had all new girls in my cabin this year and they were just wonderful ! It was so great to spend a week with my friends from college as well as meet new ones ! I just love this time of the year ! 
is wondering what the lifespan of a cricket is ?? Jiminny has been here for about two weeks now ... I think he's worn out his welcome ... 
I'm sure it will happen one day ( at least I hope so ! ) but as of right now , my mind can't fathom me finding a guy that can accept me and love me enough to want to spend the REST OF THEIR LIFE with me ( and I with them ) .... thats a long time , hahaha . 
Branson Bound ! :) 
Haygoods ! :) 
So the roomie and I have decided to watch all the episodes of Lost to see what all the hype was about . We just finished the first episode , interesting so far ... 
We're on episode 3 and < PROPFEMALE > McKinnon has Lost already figured out . She said there is a tunnel from the North Pole to where they are ... that's where the polar bear came from ... hahaha . 
I'm just not understanding why the rain chooses to skip Arkadelphia/Caddo Valley ?? It gets dark and thunders and then the sun pops out ! 
is sad that my summer is pretty much over ! 
I have just discovered Pinterest.com! ! This could be addicting and I have a workshop in the morning ! 
This heat is HORRIBLE !! I'm < PROPFEMALE > ready for Fall ! 
REALLY needs to get my sleep schedule back on track ! Getting up this morning was rough ! haha 
SYS is tonight at 7:00 at the Prescott Church of Christ ! Hope to see you there ! 
the heat index right now is 121 here in Arkadelphia . If any of you are having to be out in this right now , I feel for you ! 
\Missing someone isn't about how long it has been since you've seen them or the amount of time since you've talked . It's about that very moment when you're doing something and wishing they were right there with you . \"" 
Yay for rain !!! :) 
Wow , it's 89 degrees right now ! I might have to pull out a jacket to wear to church ! 
I saw this quote on Pinterest and thought it was cute- \A man who treats his woman like a < PROPFEMALE > is proof that he was born and raised in the arms of a queen . \"" 
I was told today that I look like I could be a Kardashian , lol . That's a first ! 
So I went to bed at 10:00 tonight thinking I could get a good nights rest for work tomorrow ... it's almost 1:00 now and I still can't sleep ! 6:00 will be here before I know it ! :( 
My heart is heavy for everyone in Gurdon , especially the < PROPMALE > family and the students and faculty of GHS . 
Just saw a complete rainbow ! I'm amazed every time I see one !! 
just got home from working in my classroom . I'm thinking it's a pizza and redbox kinda night ! =) 
\It's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen ; but it's even harder to give up when you know it's everything you want . \"" 
The Help was WONDERFUL !! The best movie I've seen in a long time !! 
Is trying REALLY hard not to take a sunday nap but it would be sooo nice ! 
I gave myself a bedtime of 9:00 . It's almost 10:00 and I'm finally getting in bed ... I'm actually surprised that it wasn't later ! I hope all of my teacher friends sleep well and have a WONDERFUL first day back at school tomorrow !! 
Ready or not it's here !! :) The first day of school is always exciting ! Ready to meet the new students and see the old ones ! Have a great day everyone ! :) 
Man , I could go to bed right now ! The first day of school is always < PROPFEMALE > exhausting ! 
So I watched Bridzillas on WE for the first time tonight . These women are crazy , and do these guys not see what they are getting themselves into ?? Haha , I can't tell from these shows if I'm normal or abnormal , lol . 
\I still think 1990 was 10 years ago ... \ " lol " 
So the first week of school went great , the hardest part was getting back in the routine of getting up early ! lol . Now I'm ready for a relaxing day at the spa tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > Ables Cagle ! 
Did you know that yawns are contagious even over the phone ?? Who knew ! 
Why must Nutella taste sooo delicious ?? 
FINALLY an Apple store in Arkansas !! I'm so happy about this !! =) 
Oh my , what a day !! I need a vacation , lol 
I walk outside and think to myself , it feels great outside ! I get in my car and the thermostat says it's 90 degrees ... that's sad . 
Church :) 
So this morning I was needing a < PROPFIRST > pin . I looked everywhere for one then realized that I don't own a single one ! Does that make me less of a girl ?? lol 
\Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead \"- < PROPFEMALE > " 
So I've been sneezing , can't breathe and I sound like a man ( attractive , I know , lol ) . What is blooming right now that I could be allergic to ? 
My mom has been taken off dialysis ! What a blessing ! :) 
is heading out to beautiful Lake Greeson for the Labor Day Retreat !! I hope everyone has a great holiday ! =) 
Had a wonderful holiday weekend ! It's neat how you can spend a weekend with people you've never met yet feel like you've known them your whole life ! I am < PROPFEMALE > blessed ! :) 
My straightener died this morning ! What a traumatic experience !! 
This weather is pretty much perfect ! :) 
Is headin to play volleyball with the church group ! :) 
Woo Hoo !! Great Job Wolves !! =) 
I think we got this game , lol . WPS !! 
I was a freshman in college . I had planned on sleeping in that day because I only had afternoon classes . A friend called and woke me up telling me what happened . I remember my roommates and I sitting in front of the TV watching the second plane hit and the towers falling . Such a sad sad day . Where were you ?? 
LOVES this weather !! I think it's about time to pull out the hoodies !! :) 
Does anyone else enjoy the show Shark Tank as much as I do ? Lol 
Let's go Hogs !! WPS !! 
found out that I don't have to take the PRAXIS III to get my standard license !! =) What a wonderful surprise !! =) 
What a beautiful first day of Fall ! No work today so I'm gonna go to the hospital and spend the day with my mommy ! :) 
is ready for 2:30 to get here ! Woo Pig Sooie !! =) 
things I'm looking forward to : This weekend- trip to < PROPFIRST > to see Anjelah < PROPMALE > at the House of Blues ! Next weekend-trip to Fayetteville to watch the Razorbacks beat Auburn !! =) 
HAPPILY MARRIED WEEK - If your spouse is still your best friend , works extremely hard , has been with you through triumphs and tragedies , who loves you when you're at your worst , whom you are proud to be married to ... post this as your status with the date you got married . ?? / ?? / ?? - If I was married , I'm sure he would be all of these plus more ! lol 
Is wondering where that cold front is ?? 
Is < PROPFIRST > bound !! =) 
I love seeing all the razorback fans on the way to < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
Is ready for the razorback game ! 
Way to go Hogs !!! You make me proud !!! :) WPS !! 
LOVES October because of cool weather , haunted houses and scary movies !! Now I just gotta find someone to enjoy those things with me , all of my friends are scaredy cats , haha . 
tried my first recipe off of Pinterest today , Homemade Butterfingers ! They aren't pretty but they sure taste good ! =) 
< PROPMALE > Jobs has died ! This makes me < PROPFEMALE > sad !! 
Yay ! Love listening to Thriller Thursdays on < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Had a great time playing volleyball tonight ! 
is Fayetteville bound !! Woo Pig Soooie !!! 
Is ready to call those HOGS !! Wooooo Pig Sooie !!! 
That's how we do it ! Go hogs !!! 
LOVE those Razorbacks !!! Wooo Pig Soooie !!! :) 
Great Job Rangers ! 
Wow , SVU is sooo good tonight ! 
thinks there should be a big sign right under our street sign that says \This is NOT the interstate\ " lol . " 
has been wide awake since 5:30 . Why can't I wake up this easy during the work week ?? Lol . 
I just love Arkansas in the Fall ! It's so beautiful when the leaves change ! 
Race for the Cure ! <3 
Is ready to watch those Razorbacks !! Woo Pig Soooie !! 
Way to go Razorbacks ! ( although , the score shouldn't have been that close ) 
Way to go Rangers ! 
Wow , that was exciting ! Go Rangers ! 
Just realized today was October 25th . It's a very special day for me because on this day 10 years ago , I became a Christian ! =) 
