Karaoke Night is Friday ! WOOOOOOO ! 

Karoake Night at the South Euclid Community Center is tomorrow ! Woohoo !!! 
Less than 5 hopurs until Karaoke night !!! Can't wait !!! 
Bout to go to Legacy Village , need a change in scene 
tired ... 
I love astrology !!! 
< PROPMALE > Potter and the Half-Blood < PROPMALE>'s rating makes me think that it's going to be less actiony when it's supposed to be darker and scarier as it gets closer to to 2-part Deathly Hallows ... I don't like that fact 
Going to get a digital camera on Saturday and then hopefully I can get a laptop in a few months 
Aaargh ... my chat is being stupid !!! >:( 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is awesome !!! 
Shopping for digital cameras can be confusing !!! 
Got a digital camera , new pics uploaded check them out 
Facebook is Awesome ! 
Confusion 
Just saw G-Force ! It was awesome !!! There are some very climactic parts ... they pulled me in ! 
\Back When\ " by < PROPMALE > McGraw is the best song ever !! Every few years when I look to the past it becomes the anthem of my life " 
My puppy is sooo annoying that she's already given me a huge headache !!! 
Anyone want a puppy ?! It's sad because we have to get rid of Maisy !!! :( Her and my other dog < PROPMALE > are both < PROPFEMALE > dogs so pleeease act fast 
Show choir camp is aaaawesome !!! It's sooooo much fun ! 
Tonight was a roller coaster ride of good and bad !!! It's too confusing ! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrgh !!! 
Home making sure that two of my doggies stay away from each other 
< PROPMALE>'s dead , life is stressful but every cloud has a silverlining and this one's is Soundsation 
oh my gosh ... Heather's 13 !!! ( Scaaary !!! ) 
Lots of stuff ... not enough space to write haha ... I'll just say the South Euclid Community Center is having a step and line dance this Sunday November 15th from 4pm-7pm ... NO partners OR rhythm are required !!! Come for the food , come for the dancing , come for the fun ! Whatever you come for keep in mind the price : FREEEE !!! A DJ and dance instructor will be there . Come alone or with friends and dance the night away ! 
I'm 16 !!!! Yay !!!! What to do ? What to do ? 
I actually blew out all of the candles on my birthday cake in one breath ... I think that's a first ! 
This is just not my day 
Soundsation was awesome last night but now I have homework to finish .. I hate having these mixed emotions ... uuugh !!! 
Finished my Christmas shopping today !!! 
Bleh ... finals !! 
< PROPMALE > River's festival was soooo much fun last night !!! Ashland was great !!! Can't wait for competitions !!!! 
Need a new picture but I don't have any new ones ... ugh !!! 
I'm ready for tomorrow's FST test but not so sure about how I'll feel once we'll actually have to do work on them 
What can I say about soundsation except we have to keep our chins up , stand tall and in times like these think about how it felt in those glorious moments 
Woke up feeling great , can't wait for the weekend . 
I took a quiz to see what animal I am and I'm a bat !! 
I feel hyper and really tired at the same time !!! :D 
Brothers are brothers ... no other words work for my mood right now 
Thinking about my future is surprisingly rather calming 
Friday's tomorrow ... Brush is gonna rock the Medina competition !!! 
* sigh * I am bored and I have no plans for tonight .... boredom suucks !!!! 
< PROPMALE > Potter trumps Twilight ... every single time !!! I said it because it's truue !! 
Brush's production of Disney's Beauty and the Beast was amaazing !! Kudos to everyone involved in its production !! :) 
Rereading the first six < PROPMALE > Potter's this week ... don't have my own copy of the seventh one :( 
Would you attend any of these kinds of events ( be honest) ? -Cook out -Game night -Open Mic Night -Performance Nights -Karaoke Night -Line Dancing -Dance 
status shuffle is draining the creativity right out of people's minds !!! 
potatoes 
potatoes , country music , youtube and cabret night 
potatoes , country music , youtube and cabaret night 
Cabaret night was aaaawesome last night !!! Every performer was greeaaat !! 
I got a rather mean note in my locker today ... it was just plain rude !!! If whoever wrote it thinks that I'm going to listen to whatever they had to say then s/he has another think coming !! It was just rude ... ridiculous ... uncalled for ... I have no more words to describe it !!! 
I love my new farmville puppy !!.... Nickel Creek is aaaawwweeesoooomeee !! 
The Spring concert went the way it was SUPPOSED \ 
TO GO , TONIIIIIGHT !!!! Now THAAAAT'S how you PERFROOORM A SHOW !!! 
I'm the new Vice President of the Brush Environmental Club ! It was a \hard\ " election ! " 
Little Feat is aaaaawesoome !! I love its sound !! 
I am soooo exciiited for next year !!! I'm in show choir again !!! Next year is gonna be sooo amaaazing !!!... I wonder what our theme is ? 
Cedar point was awesome !! Soundsation got second place overall , Best show choir and Best Female Soloist ( congrats Aedeze-Gabrielle < PROPFEMALE >!!); 2.5 points away from first ! 
Just got home from school ... can't wait until it's officially summer vacation and there are no more finals ! 
I love the summer heat !!! 
Today was a really fun , long , interesting day !! 
Tomorow's < PROPMALE > Class carwash at the Shell gas station is gooonna be greeaat ! 
The beach was awwwesooome today !... Carpetless living room , I guess I can live with that 
Just got back from Chicago ... it was sooo much fuuuuun ! Illinois is sooo beautiful !! 
The Hruska family reunion is going to be awesome !!! 
Taking my temps test tomorrow ... can't wait !! 
I got my temps !! Can't wait to learn how to drive !! 
The Hruska family reunion today is gonna be awesome !!! 
I got to feed a greedy giraffe !! 
\Always smile . It makes people think your up to something . \ " \ 
Had my first driving lesson today !! :D 
I can't wait to go to SSCC in less than an hour !! 
Just finished my < PROPFEMALE > Letter essay !! That's a load off of my shoulders !! 
It's only day 3 of school and I am already realizing how busy my year will be this year ! That's the way it should be in my opinion ... busy ! 
I drove on the street for the first time ! 
Went to a family friend's house that I haven't seen for seven years ! I had a lot of fun ! 
Come on SSC pull it together ! This won't be a fun year if you don't! Sure we did well today but we aren't where we SHOULD be ... not in the least ! Here's a little word of Advice : leave your attitude at the door and never pick it up afterward 
I'm totally a psychic !! I don't know why but I am 
I knew that there was a reason that this year would be a good year !! Gut feelings never lie ( when it comes to this sort of things) !! 
Can't wait for Lyndhurst Home Days ! This should be a fun weekend ! 
Little < PROPFIRST > Horner sat in the corner eating his Christmas pie , he put in his thumb and pulled out a plum and said \What a good boy am I ! \"" 
Yesterday , after school , I had one of those days where everything truly seemed like I was meant to be in that place at that time for several reasons ... for the first time in a looong while I truly felt at peace with the world and then I couldn't find the CD I wanted and settled with a different one and felt at peace even more 
I don't know , SSC , I just don't know ... I wanna believe but you're making it hard to . \ 
Consistency is key and that door is locked now ! 
I love my friends we can take the most random thing and turn it into the funnest thing in the world ! Well ... until we find the next random thing , anyway :) 
Like\ 
my status and I will tell you : 1 . Something I learned about you by \ 
creeping on your facebook for thirteen seconds ; 2 . My first memory of \ 
you ; 3 . Ask something I've always wondered about you ; 4 . My favorite \ 
thing about you . 
I have DirecTV , a haircut , and a new bookbag ... this has been a weekend full of changes 
Cosmic bowling tonight !! Birthday in two days ! This weekend should be fun ! 
I am a horrible bowler ! My average is only like 70 ! Less than 24 hours until I'm 17 ... woooo !! 
Possibly my best birthday to date ! Shockingly ... I think I can honestly say that I am relaxed today ! New things truly are accomplished everyday ! 
Cake time ! Can't wait ! 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes yesterday ! They made my day everyone of them ! 
Change your FB Profile Picture to a Cartoon from your childhood . The goal isto not see a human face on FB till Monday December 6th . Support thefight against Child Abuse by copying and pasting this as your status ! 
Soundsation roooockeed it last night !! I'm so proud of everybody ! I loooooveeee show choir ... my heart and life would be empty without it ! 
Monday is gonna be fuuun ... 
Physics car is almost done ! Wow .... I still can't believe how long it was taking last night ! 
I love Christmas week !! Tomorrow's my big shopping day ! Fuuun ! ;) 
Solo and Ensemble this Saturday ! Can't wait for that or Medina's show choir festival !! 
Solo and Ensemble tomorrow !!! Feeling a little nervous for it !! 
Solo and Ensemble was fun ! Can't wait for next year ! 
A week from today , SSC is gonna rock the Medina Midwest Showcase ! Can't wait ! 
Finally getting my iPod synched ! It's only been since Christmas ... not too long :) !! 
I love just about everything show choir !! Yesterday was one of the longest , funnest days of my liife !! Kudos to Medina Midwest Showcase for keeping everything on time ! Can't wait for the next show choir event !! 
Played Bioschock for the first time today ! It's probably one of the most fun and creepy games that I've ever played !! Now my sister's playing it and she's freaking out haha !! 
I hate when I want to change my status but I don't know what I want to say ... I guess that does for now :) 
Going to visit Baldwin-Wallace and probably Allegheny over spring break !! Registered for the SAT in May ... why must I grow up ? 
The Girl you just called fat ? She's starved herself & lost 15 pounds . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies 4 hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is already abused enough at home . There's more to people than you think . Repost this if you're against bullying 
Just heard < PROPFEMALE > McCurdy's new song , \Generation Love\ " and have fallen in love with it and its message . I think it's possible for our generation to become Generation Love someday " 
