Got her driving licence 

got my braces off today 
got back from the PowderPuff games ..... sadly my < PROPMALE > class lost but we will win next year . 
is making a mess with pomegranate all over my desk 
is so ready for Halloween 
is getting ready for the party with a 2lb rice crispy treaty from blockbuster . 
when home sick 
is watching Glee 
is tired but has soccer at 8:45 am 
for the first time my dog played fetch ..... who says you can't teach old dogs new tricks . 
was finally ablr to download my < PROPFIRST > Lambert to my Ipod ... stupid computer 
omg .. my day could have gone a lot better . 
The world always looks brighter from behind a smile . 
Jumping on my trampoline in the pouring rain with my brother ! 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland it was great , < PROPMALE > out with friends and had Chinese food 
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . 
Friendship isn't a big thing - it's a million little things . 
Is already exhausted and has only been up for 3 and a half today 
hates trying to convert a mov to a wma ... omg and my project is due tomorrow morning 
is going to bed .... finally 
So confused 
Had fun at the boardwalk today 
Wants stride always mandarin 
Just finished tonights homework 
just watched avatar for the first time .... omg it was good 
Finally , finished my freakin history project . 
Just arrived in AZ 
2 down 3 to go 
One more day 
SUMMER !!!!!! 
I need to get away from this place 
just finished my 8 hour shift at the US 0pen ...... soooo tired and i have get up tomorrow at 4am and do it again 
Work at the US Open from 5am to 2pm today and I'm glad I don't need any more hours of community service for school . :) 
so when to the gas station and of course the gas pump is going so freckin slow and around 11 gallons my mom heard a tripling sound and then we discover that the gas pump wasnt working and there was gasoline splurting everywhere ...... but at least we know the gas tank is full . 
flight got pushed back 45mins .... bad weather sucks when you are traveling 
is skating 
I'm leaving for the airport in 5 hours and i still haven't packed anything .... however i am enjoying eating my cookie dough ice cream !! 
when to see Wicked in sf today ... is was amazing 
finally relaxing and listening to my music 
is waiting for season 1 of glee to download 3% down and way to much to go 
If you have my cell phone number plz send me a text mgs with your name . Why you ask , well ... the trouble started when I decided to clean my room . ( I know , BIG MISTAKE ) . The next morning I looked all over for my phone , but couldn’t find it . My mom used a tracking system and found it in Seaside . She searched for it again , and it was on the move ! So my mom and bro ( I was at a friend’s party ) took off in hot pursuit ! 
The phone stopped in Castorville and was about 30 minutes behind it . They were determined going to find it ! Then they arrived at the last known location and discovered they had arrived at the recycle facility ! Yes , that’s right ; my phone fell into the recycle bin when I took the trash and empty boxes outside . The moral of this story : NEVER clean your room on Trash/Recycle Day ! 
senior year ... yay 
hiked 5 < PROPMALE > in Half < PROPFEMALE > Bay today .... sleep ........ drive to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Boardwalk tomorrow 
Has the song Billionarie stuck in her head 
Friday nights are the best !!! 
Accepted to < PROPMALE > and Wales University !!!!! Go Wildcats !! 
So ready for Christmas break 
Had fun with the < PROPMALE > Eagle and < PROPFIRST > tonight ..... the dancing was hilarius 
3 weeks in and I already want out 
running a fever again what fun 
Thank you to everyone ..... I had a great 18th birthday !! 
