back to sick again 

i really hate my life 
just wish i knew why 
well im board all the freakin time and i have almost no real friends ..... when did that happen ? 
im board 
et too bruta 
me need sleep 
I want to know whats on you mind . All I am is a completly unstable person who beats him self up mentaly every day over what he said or did wrong . There is no end to this self inflicted pain not untill somthing changes . Fuck it I will be partyin till then . 
ugh i got to over sleep for once this is a good day 
< PROPFIRST > the kid what cool but he could never take < PROPFIRST > Ringo 
I always wonder what am I going to do but I am wondering most of the time where am I going with what I am saying right that secound 
What's on your mind ? Feels like im taking an ink blot test . So my lucky number is 3 , favorate color is Orange , I have a scar under my left eye , and I have never found anyone who knows how to discribe me . GO ! 
Fail 
looks like im moving out . FINALY !!! 
Whats on your mind ? 
What's on you mind ? 
I like criminal minds awsome show . No matter how much i have watched it I have never talked about it . 
ah hell im feeling goooood haha !!!!!!! stupid humans i only like RED clouds water dogs . EAT IT EAT IT EAT IT haha time now for squid 5 baby ? 
bad dog bad those are my shoes . wait i only wear boots . 
I like fighting 
sorry no intenet at the place im living 
Aw who the fuck cares 
Why do I care at all . All that i have wanted to do is undertand the human mind and that is mainly because I cognitively I am abnormal . Turns out the only reason I look at facebook is because I am board and a little depressed . 
AAH hell im screwed bad this time yall ! Doomed I tells ya ! 
So whats up with wendyz ? 
i freakin need a job this is getting old about 15 apps just sitting there . 
No rest for wicked 
9 out 10 doctors think the 10 one should chill out 
mind reading would be cool 
the ability to read minds would be cool 
Every body . Every body . Every body wants be a cat . 
hm this looks like evection to me . < PROPMALE > roomates who cares about rent . 
and all i had for dinner was some sleep 
alone , sad , maby crazy 
Human Thought ? 
no home now airbed in the living room of my parents place wow im a loser . 
Arrrg 
A good thing maby 
What am I doing up at before 8 ? 
Nothing good happens when I wake up early 
fighting my own mind 
I live in a very strange world . Nice place though some of the people in it suck . Whats gonna work ! Teamwork ! 
< PROPMALE > was one of the greatest people to ever live . Changed the world . Wish I could do that 
Think my mind is getting better . But still dont know any nice single lady that want to give me a < PROPMALE > ... Still going to be a sec before I can think about dating . Revalution 
If you are strong you can take great amount of pain but takes a wisdom to know not to . 
Confusion ! I got to find a place to call my own . 
Just watched Bolt now hellraiser 2 man the switch makes it more evil ! 
Think it would hurt less if I nailed my legs to a chair . Work is pain . 
you know you are out of food when you have decided to eat popcorn out of a banjo . 
funnyest thing that i have heard in a while . ' Dont crap in an envelope and mail it to yourself ' . Now tell me who said that . 
work work work hope tonight i get to see my friends 
moving day 
now unpacking . life is better it seems 
losing weight which is cool . hope to lose around 20lbs . 
What's on your mind ? Write a comment ... Thats all you ever say facebook ! 
woke up early ... ZOMBIE MOVIE TIME !!! then off to work booo ! 
ugh somthing was not right with that pizza ... but i could not let it go to waste . and the word of the day is Regret ! 
ya know for all this money put in to school you would think I would have figured out when it starts 
just say it what about me is creepy !? 
what about me is creepy ?! 
trying to sleep early tonight 
Not ready for work ... No way im ready for school Monday 
Losing sleep and mind me thinks arrrg ! 
Ever feel like you see the bear trap and trip then start to fall head first to it one of those days 
Its good to see good people 
awsome day for once . hope this turns into a trend 
Working this much is good money but its just a pain having no free time but the night 
student of behavior . who would have thought that means mind reader 
i want a tin foil hat now ! 
why should try so much to be somthing great i will still the strange man with a few good ideas and most of them are bad ideas 
Insane there i said it but also interisting . The hatter and the joker your just verbs thats not a name 
socialy i feel starved . 
im going on the roof now 
taken it easy today 
I love being a joker 
work or school 
work or school . eh can i just have fun 
its been a good day 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and a drink is win 
i need to fill a water bed with ice . 
going to fill a waterbed with blue icey . 
Why is it hard to find happyness if there is so much good in the world 
yeah and we drink alone 
just 5 more < PROPFEMALE > 
there is no good part of the day 
freakazoid is my favorate super hero what better super power than mania . whats yours facebook 
today was the first time i had a dream and looked in a mirror and saw myself . 
I got my hair cut kinda like it 
I am weak there I said it but I never gave in to the pain . 
ya know the is no good reason to get into the microwave . 
Zombie walk was fun wish it was not so short 
so i had a dream that i had a bed that had a piano behind the headboard at first wanted it then it was annoying is sounds like what i always do . 
its like all week was a bad party . 
Think im just starting to lose control 
had a good day . note to self i owe < PROPFEMALE > a big favor and i say no more 
Destroy the humans !!! 
Know where i could get a < PROPFIRST > gun ? 
i have no idea what kinda face paint to put on today 
Like a Boss 
Human beings will always tell you the truth about them self you just cant let them know your looking for it . 
Going to the rep today if i can ever wake up . 
I called a place to get treatment and left a message monday ... no return call is disapointing ... In mania I dont need help and when im in the lows im not going to ask for it too afraid . 
Samlet ? I like going to the rep 
I really hope she will 
Hope is one thing i have left . Me and my own mind fight too much , most of the time I give in to what I want to do , but not this time I have got me right where I want me . Wont even know what hit me ! 
hey just got a new phone lost all my < PROPFIRST > 
haha i win im a loser ! wait a sec aw ... 
Ugh I am tired ... isolated 
nope your never going to care haha 
yeah I am the dog . hound of hell yea cry . devil on your back . i can never die 
Forgiven . 
quit eating people you freak 
stayed home by myself and didnt even see relatives . not even a little of turkey or ham and i have been the least annoyed on this day in years nope make that ever 
so im going to walmart at midnight i have been training for this all my life ... read about me in tomarrows news paper 
In all my years there is one thing that I have never seen . A chicken in a man suit . 
ya know what im doing alright for once 
somthing has been making me mad , its the way people put \lil\ " in front of things to make it sound cute or what ever . Just for the love of buddha spell it out or just forget it . " 
Ok so the chicken in a man suit has gone on too long ! And the winner is ..... < PROPMALE > Knotts ! 
I dont want to do much today . stressed about finals angry at friends . 
lot to do finals are almost over 
i will never break again . 
< PROPFIRST > need to stop 
so how am i still awake 
freakin tired of finals talk the halls are filled with jargon questions . i just want the test so they will be quiet 
Your my boy blue ! 
im going to learn how to sing the grinch song 
people are asking me what im learning the grinch song for and all i can say is sounds like fun 
get a job ! 
is it just me or everything is really boaring 
i know i shouldent be embaresed but it is a sensative subject all i can say is wish me luck 
Sitting on an angry chair 
braking dog as an alarm clock is late cant figure out how to turn it off 
ugh do not feel good 
bum bum bum id like to be under the sea in an octopuses garden in the shade 
does not know any more im tired of being an honest relable nice guy seems all i do is suffer because of who i am 
I think these meds are making me dizzy 
ok the first few gifts i gave went over awsome . hope its 2 more days of it . 
yep its a good weekend . sorry relatives 
Ok worst time to get sick i have an interview tomarrow 
i need to sleep more 
man im weird haha its so much fun though . like if you put a toster in a microwave in an oven ! 
Thats it im not going out again untill im well . or if walmart calls me 
i am not looking forward to this 
worked for 2 hours so far im freakin tired . all it has been is watching training videos and paperwork . i would like it more if i was up and moving more . 
oh dang i got to be at work in 4 hours what am i still doing up 
one more day and i say good bye to all my free time . 
ok no school tomarrow little more free time 
I started to realize that there is so many painfull memories attached to this time of year its no wonder why I let myself go an have no free time I just had a momment to think and everything came back . It would have been so much better to stay out of my memories . What is forgiven ? 
worst day of work i have had in years . 
Lonesome Dove , Gangs of New York , and Public Enemies are my favorate movies but they take too long to watch some other time friends . 
ENFP if that means anything to you . 
hanging out in the chinese place down the street from pulaski tech i miss the old crew haha 
kickem in the dishpan i need to get paid 
dont care anymore i just dont 
today will be better 
need to keep trying i cant give up any time soon 
2 near misses in the parking lot and one lady i think was crazy and i have only been here an hour make that 3 
warm bed alone ... well it is warm 
so somebody was a no call no show today and i was the only other person there . today has me being an asshole because im tired of being blamed . i work very hard and i do everything i can but i cant do the job of two people . i just need a hammer 
top chef is good but i just want food 
x box kinect is epic makes me wish i could dance 
over slept i just hope that i dont have another day like the last 
