is watching the NHL Winter Classic !! 

just finished < PROPFIRST > Miller's book A Million < PROPMALE > in a Thousand Years and recommends it ! 
has been visiting worksites all morning for UCHRA , and is about to continue . 
is just crossing his fingers and hoping for the best . 
was a finalist for the US Navy Band audition , but didn't get hired . Michigan , here we come ! 
is getting ready to drive to Michigan to look at apartments ! 
and < PROPFEMALE > found a lovely apartment in Michigan ! And now we have to go back to the land of high humidity . 
thinks Mahler's second symphony is unbelievable ... 
\People go to a restaurant to be fed . \ " What a revolutionary statement . " 
is debating whether to cave in and start twittering . 
Wooten brothers + < PROPFIRST > Wooten + Purple Rain = musical reawakening . 
is loading a giant uHaul today . 
UHaul , loaded . Now we just have to drive to Michigan . 
is loving < PROPFEMALE > Arbor ! 
is chillin at the UM music building with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
is very close to knowing his schedule for the fall . 
is wondering what traffic will be like in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor today ... 100,000 people seems like a lot to me ! 
is really tired of hearing the socialist and communist accusations , because I'm starting to think most people have a minimal understanding of these two words . 
is studying for a test on Tchaikovsky , then playing in tuba ensemble , and going to hear the first flutist from the Russian National Orchestra tonight . And maybe he can eat at some point . 
got an A- on his Tchaikovsky test ! 
has his first symphony band concert tonight , then is picking apples tomorrow morning and playing Tchaikovsky's fifth with an impromptu orchestra ... loving life ! 
is going to Canada today ! 
has a symphony band concert tonight ! 
hopes his scheming pays off today . 
Time to start those end-of-semeseter projects that I've skillfully put off until now ... 
would really like a gig right now . Any gig . 
Red Wings and Predators ... I wish it was harder for me to say GO RED WINGS !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Brodeur tied the all-time shutout record for goalies last night ... pretty sweet ! 
observed a Huron High School symphony band rehearsal today ... oh man . SO good . 
really doesn't see a correlation between 5 credits of natural science and teaching music . Maybe it's there somewhere ... 
is contemplating diving into the world of tuba playing ... sounds fun ! 
got to hear < PROPMALE > Daniels speak at graduation , and watched < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > receive an honorary doctorate from UM ... not bad for $80 ! 
is watching the big snow flakes and loving it ! 
For the last time ... hopefully ... GO BLUE !! 
Sooooooo good to be home . I love that cold crisp air ! 
watching the snow fall , and wanting to leave school to go skiing !! 
feels like he could take on the whole empire himself ! 
kudos to the Canadians for an excellent opening ceremony ! 
Powder day in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor - 7 inches so far ! 
signed up for the LSAT today - the first definitive move of a career change ! 
is happy that Congress has began the long , difficult process that will be health care reform . I really hope we can put aside our bickering long enough to make change truly happen . 
is performing Ein Heldenleben with the UM orchestra tonight . Planning to concentrate particularly hard on counting measures rest ... 
What a game ! Go Red Wings !!! 
3 goals in 1:16 ... Go Red Wings !!! 
hopes Boston College wins the Frozen Four , since UM is out . 
It is beautiful today in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor !! 60 and breezy = amazing . 
just bought tickets to see Detroit play on Sunday ! < PROPMALE > Cup playoffs , baby !! 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Doane is a thug , and hates the style of hockey Phoenix is playing . 
Allez < PROPMALE > Canadiens ! 
Nashville beating Chicago at hockey ... I guess without my negative energy hanging over the Preds , they can finally win a playoff game . 
Go Red Wings !!! 
Zetterberg hat trick ! Detroit 7 , Phoenix 4 . What a game !! 
At game 3 ! Go wings ! 
Done with classes , done with exams . Just have to turn in a paper I've already written , and I'll be free until September !! 
Happy Earth Day ! 
has a French placement exam on May 3 ... aïe ! 
is wondering when the draft became so all-important that ESPN feels they can neglect every other sport . I'm used to hockey being left out , but come on ... baseball , basketball , what's happening ? 
Red Wings win 4-1 ! Great game , spectacular goaltending by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Let's end it in six , boys ! 
Tornadoes in the spring : just one of the many reasons I'm glad I don't live in Tennessee any more . 
just rocked an analytical reasoning section on a practice LSAT ! 
Nashville Predators , you never fail to disappoint . Ah well , taking Chicago to six games is something . 
Let's go Red Wings ! 
Red Wings 6 , Coyotes 1 ... wow . The game's not even over yet ! 
Allez < PROPMALE > Canadiens !! I would love to see the Caps put out by Montreal ! 
ALLEZ < PROPMALE > CANADIENS !!!!! 
Going to graduation today to play for the graduates and President Obama !! 
made semi-finals in the Falcone euphonium competition ! 
went to a Walmart that didn't have a fruit section . Very disturbing . 
feels great about his French test ! Can't wait to start foreign language again this year ! 
Allez < PROPMALE > Canadiens !! Game 7 coming , baby ! 
Headed to Bloomington , IN today by way of Chicago and Indianopolis . My first trip on a train ! 
Allez < PROPMALE > Canadiens !! Up 4-0 against Pittsburgh in the second ! 0_0 
And the Canadiens win !!! Holy crap ! Allez Canada !!!! 
At the Detroit airport , ready to fly across the country for a 25-minute performance . 
Touched down in Tucson . The heat is enjoyable from the shade :) . 
really REALLY doesn't care about the 2014 superbowl . REALLY . 
After five separate flights through four cities in three days , I'm ready to be home ! 
Going canoeing and to a picnic today ! Hurray for holidays !! 
For the first time in my life , I resigned a lease today !! 
“When the last tree is felled , the last river poisoned and the last fish is caught , then you will see it perhaps , that you can not eat money . ” -- Seattle , Native American Chief 
Finally , the day has arrived ! LSAT in two and a half hours ! 
loves Arrested Development !! 
Allez < PROPMALE > Suisses ! 
US vs . Slovenia , maybe we can avoid another upset today if the US wins ! 
We do not need magic to change the world , we < PROPFEMALE > all the power we need inside ourselves already : we have the power to imagine better . - JK Rowling 
All right , let's go US ... 
Woooooo ! US and England finally pulling it together !! 
Slovakia , what ??? 
is taking an intensive second-year French course this summer ! Four hours a day , four days a week . I think I might learn something ... 
won't be able to watch USA vs . Ghana tomorrow , but GO USA ! And while I'm at it , GO GERMANY ! 
Awesome game so far ! Go Germany !! 
Oh French , how I have missed you ! 
Netherlands are beating Brazil 2-1 in 86'!! Woooo ! 
Woo-hoo ! Pays-bas a gagné !! 
really wanted Ghana to win . Ah well . Germany vs . < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ... go Germany ! 
Geh Deutschland !!! 
Unless something crazy happens , I think Germany will win the world cup . They're ridiculously good , and all they care about is the team . No one tries to take the spotlight . It's beautiful . 
It takes much longer to write a two-page paper in French ... 
Woohoo ! Go Netherlands !!! 
French test numero < PROPFEMALE > today , then hopefully I get to watch Germany beat up on Spain . 
Ahhh , Germany , what happened ?? 
Thanks to everyone for your kind words . I'm going to leave Mom's facebook account up for a few more days , and then I'll be deactivating it , just so you all know . Thanks again . 
In the words of my mom , \It's been real !! \"" 
One of the most disturbing statistics I've read recently : According to Para Publishing , 1/3 of high school graduates never read another book for the rest of their lives . And 42% of college graduates follow suit . 70% of U.S. adults have not stepped into a bookstore in the last 7 years and 80% of American families did not purchase or read a book last year . 
can't decide if it's depressing or hilarious that the first time I honestly had to try in a college class was in a French class that every LS&A < PROPMALE > at UM has to take . 
Go Blue !! 
go bluuuuue !! 
Yes ! Go Blue !! 
misses Mr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Original Silver Cornet Band gigs . And I miss the look of incomprehension on people's faces when I told them the name of the group . 
If anyone needs a euphonium player for any reason - no , really , ANY reason - please call me ! 
go blue !! 
There are still so many beautiful things to be said in C < PROPMALE > . - Prokofiev 
GO BLUE !! 
If anyone needs a low brass teacher in the < PROPFEMALE > Arbor area , please let me know ! 
cleaned his yoo-fone-ee-um today . Hopefully it will still work tomorrow . 
is discussing parsimonious voice leading in music theory today ... 
GO BLUE !!!!!!!! 
And GO RED WINGS !!! Great season opener ! 
car problems ... sigh ... someday I swear that < PROPFIRST > will just fall apart as I'm driving it ... 
Well , Michigan may have fallen apart , but go Badgers !! 
has never been sadder about the death of someone I didn't know personally ... < PROPMALE > Phillips did so much for tuba and euphonium . 
9 years ago today , < PROPFEMALE > and I started dating ! 
Not a big baseball fan , but the Texans ' pitcher is SMOKIN ! Jeeze ... 
I look at the House and I notice it's turning ... while my guitar gently weeps . 
wishes he could be 1/10 as bad at music as the UM football team's defense is at football and still make tons of money . That would be awesome . 
Hm ... to DMA or not to DMA ? That is the question ... 
UM brass choir concert , tonight at 8PM in MacIntosh Theater !! 
Mothers of Invention : some really REALLY weird music . I'm at a loss for words . 
Real estate agent didn't mention that otherwise-great apartment was in the heart of city's tuba district . - from the Onion 
is going to share two recitals at the Midwest Regional Tuba Euphonium Conference - one in a quartet and one as a soloist ! 
Got my < PROPMALE > Potter tickets today ! We've been saving our movie money from the past few months for this :) 
I went to every midnight release of < PROPMALE > Potter books starting with Order of the Phoenix , but the movies just aren't quite as exciting to me . It can wait till Saturday ! :D 
Does anyone know anything about Fairfield , California ? There's a potential job I'm looking at there , and I'm a bit clueless about California ... any info would be awesome , thanks !! 
< PROPMALE > Potter !!! 
Yay for random wireless signals at my dad's house so I don't have to drive across town to send an important email !! Woohoo ! 
Tuba Santas ... Mmmhmm . 
To DMA ? Hm ... I think so . Maybe . 
Yay snow !! 
I put the grr in swinger baby , yeah !! 
I still think I'm a 4 . 
Not a big fan of the < PROPFIRST > game ... 
Just set a Guinness World Record for most people to ever watch a hockey game - 113,000 + !! And we stomped State , 5-0 ... at least we can still beat them at something I guess . 
Wooo ! 16 pages down ... only about 10 pages and 2,000 words to go . 
All right ... 24 pages , 9,500 words about 45 minutes of music . I am one class day away from being officially done with my semester ! 
I think Rockin ' the Suburbs will be stuck in my head forever after that paper . 
This is the best Christmas season I've ever had . 
I have the best sister-in-law :) 
I passed my AT proficiency !! Now just one academic class , a recital , and a tour of < PROPFEMALE > left . 
I think < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding is the best TV wedding ever . So . Epic . 
I have been sick every day of 2011 . Not a fun start to the new year . 
Going to be a looooong day ... 
I had a great birthday , complete with free coffee , gelato , bagels , a $10 gift card , desert , and a nice beer glass . Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
WOOHOO ! Go Packers !! 
Black Swan was pretty awesome . Tchaikovsky's music is amazing . 
I like Bruckner . Those brass parts make me smile . 
\There's always money in the banana stand . \"" 
My wife is a Calorie Incinerator :) . 
\I haven't too many complaints to list in life : Badly-folded Kleenex leads the list . \ " - < PROPMALE > Bernstein " 
-12 outside today ! Going to be a chilly walk with the dogs . 
Delighted to announce I have an accompanist AND a venue for my recital !! I'll make an event for it soon :) . 
Had a great time a Conor O'Neil's trivia night ! 
Going to see Faust at IU tonight ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and her sister may have traced their family lineage back to ... Charlemagne . That's right . 
