does anyone have an english book ?? the big yellow ones , and are not using it . so i can borrow it 

im gonna sleep for a long time . im hellla tired 
ummm whats farmville ?? 
can anyone send me a copy of ch 15 and 14 handouts for APBIO ??? 
great expectations - gaslight anthem 
too fake 
substitution-silversun pickups hell yes ! 
The Dragster Wave by Ghinzu 
something about us - daft punk . fo real tho ... 
procrastination FTW(for now ) later its gonna be FTL 
the dragster wave- ghinzu 
yay for the four minutes of free time i had today !! 
should i get a hair cut ? 
soyisrael.tumblr.com/ask while im doing hw .... doubt ill get any tho , so whateves 
Listening to some nice ass songs as o fall asleep makes me happy , especially after all that homework . 
“how many times do you want to die ? how many ways do you want to die ? ” i like this song 
oxford comma- vampire weekend 
which test should i take for my SAT2 ? biology E or biology M ? 
< PROPFIRST > this day may 2 R.A.J.I. takes off . 
This weekend was such a win . 
Kung Fu hustle is on . Niceeeee 
ohshit , i forgot about the apgov thing 
well thats alllllll folks . goodnight 
why am i listening to telephone ????????????? 
soooo many footnotes . 
6 pages into my report ... 
i would love to love you 
anyone got any recommendations for some techno music ? 
taught my sister how to fist pump . 
who has skype ? 
jsehrdgfskjs ; dlkfgjnv ; oslkdfxcv 
about to go for a bike ride to quarry lakes park 
i just realized im gonna be really sweaty by the time i get home . NICE !!!! 
I just got back and I was right . Realllyyy sweaty . It was an awesome adventure tho !! 
Today was great . But we all smell horrible . Tht hotbox was crackn . Hahaha . For real tho , it was good . 
Get to weekes park . Soccer frisbee football !!! 
damn . cant feel my foot . sign of a very good day . 
Anyone trying to do something today ? 
im about to bike to the < PROPFEMALE > . i love google maps , especially since it has bicycle paths . 
another single player adventure . 
I'm at the < PROPFEMALE > . Rode my bike up here and it was nice :D 
About to watch toy story 3 
Toy story 3 was great !! 
At stoneridge . With my momma . 
And I'm crazy hungry . 
seriously . -_- \ " , 201 0-0 6-23 03:30:07 " 
aim anyone ? 
lol . One of the goalies is bald and the other one has hella hair . 
It's impossible now . But I knew it was gonna happen . 
yeah , i rode my bike from my house to coyote hills today . 
seriously . im about to go biking to lake < PROPFEMALE > . in like 30 minutes 
actually i think ill go to lake chabot 
I got a 5 for the APush test . Sweet . 
Nice ass run on a nice ass evening . :{ D 
Needs some vicodin . 
Had an awesome dream 
How should I cut my hair ?? 
sooo , who likes all time low ? 
Home alone listening to some sublime . 
i think ill go shave 
i think i have a voice like < PROPMALE > buffer . 
Just beasted on my calc hw . Now on to bible study . Hahaha . It's fir ebglishhhhh 
10:54 am on sept 14 calculus begins . 
Ms. bellard totally caught < PROPMALE > flipping someone off . Lmfao . 
Hella proud of all you guys . Keep it up band !! 
This movie is creepy as fuck . 
Random ass night but glad it happened cause it was hella fun . 
coffee 
tea 
MEHS BAND !! GO TO SLEEP !!! 
I miss ... 
\no cancel \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > us awesome 
That helps maintain bromiostasis 
Questionable stain 
forget that shit 
I'm close to being delirious 
Mt < PROPFEMALE > looks cool when its dark 
aim ? 
finished my gov paper in and hour and 30 minutes . footnotes and all . sweettttt 
Darn related questions . 
I like to watch baby turtles have sex ;) 
\People poke me off their shoes cause I'm the shit \"" 
To all APGov students . I didn't do the one < PROPFEMALE > thing for the whole senate thing . 
Does anyone have the different lenses for the essay ? 
