Found my Phone !!! 

ugh im home right now sick :( 
is watching tv and getting ready for a wedding . 
Got work then wrestling practice ... time to start cuting weight again . 
going to the movies . 
Just got back from seeing Old Dogs it was a good movie 
GO COCKS 
homework , then wrestling practice , then back to homework 
Just got back from an all day wrestling event came in 4th out of 19 guys in my weight class and the team finished 8th 
Won my match ... should have pined him ! 
Won both my matches tonight ! 
Won my match tonight !!! Got to be at the school at 6:15 to start cuting wieght for the matches tommrow 
Just got back from the matches got 5th out of 28 teams 
Heading to grandparents house for christmas dinner ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
whatever im done trying ! 
Placed 3rd this weekend pretty excited ! 
If your wish does not come true then something better was meant for you . 
ready for the weekend ! 
Time to start soccer season now ! 
Yo u Tube http://huiinghayrani.blogspot.com/ 
First game tommrow ready to kick the season off right 
Game today we are play Stratford . 
Playing West < PROPFEMALE > tonight first region game . 
Tommrow is going to be fun going to carowinds ! 
NEEDS A CAR !!! 
Ready to be home ready to get everything back to normal ! 
:( everything is hurting right now .... 
Im tired of all the drama i just want it to stop and everything to go back to normal 
Flag football starts tommrow cant wait ! 
OMG STOP !!!! 
If you know what you want go for it ! 
have been sitting in the laundry room for about an hour and 30 mins now so so bored 
Time for another boring day of phy ! 
sitting in class about to watch a movie so bored ! 
HOW ABOUT THEM COCKS !! 
watching from g's to gent's for english class haha ! 
energizer < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!! :) 
Rock Out With Your Gamecock Out !! 
English Lab BORINGGG !!!! 
Had a great thanksgiving with the family and < PROPFIRST > had a lot of fun ! :) 
only 4 more days of school left im so excited ! 
I have been studying all day i think im finialy ready for my exams ! 
2 exams down 1 to go ! 
Done with first semester Freshman year finialy christman break !!! 
Heading to a wedding then to mikes b-day dinner ! 
need a job bad !!! 
tired going to bed cant wait to see my wonderful girlfriend tommrow ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
i really hope things workout for the best ! 
tired just got done ballin time to chill ! 
5 months and i still miss him ! :( 
tired cant sleep have alot on my mind ! 
got moved in i dont have a roommate yet not sure if i will get one ! not in a good mood though ! 
no school tommrow hell ya ! 
tired going to bed classes in the morning 
:( 
im going to bed classes in the morning not feeling good ! 
