im so tired !! and sore ! P90X lol 

great my phone and my car broken within the same week and neither one was my fault !! 
im hopefully getting my dream car tomorrow . a 95 oldsmobile 7 seater < PROPFIRST > . its no vw but close enough for now ! 
renaissance festival !! fun times ! 
why am i so bored ?!?! i guess i could clean ... ugh actually i think house is on . 
never guess who i met today rishiki ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is my hero ! 
why wont my farmville work ?? anyone else having the same problem ? 
why do babies only like music that you dont like ? it seems like desi will only fall asleep if eminem is on . lol 
so i just looked through my 8th grade yearbook , good times , lots of fun . so all my friends back then ... your the best ! 
i hate cold wind ! its the worst weather , i dont want to go out and do ANYTHING ! 
um ... i just heard < PROPFEMALE > hardy died , im not sure if its true but i hope its not ! 
finally went out and had some fun last night ! 
i love coffee ! 
i cant believe this stupid healthcare crap , why are senators deciding our fate ? they will not be affected by this at all , theyre healthcare wont change , theyll still get the best available . and they will for the rest of their lives . and we pay their six figure salaries , arent they supposed to work for us ? 
soooo stuffed ! 
so what does it mean when you break the wishbone and the top pops off , and you each have the same size stick , but the top flies across the room ? does that mean we both won or we both lost ? 
when doing your Christmas cards , take one and send it to this address : A Recovering American Soldier c/o < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Army Medical Center 6900 < PROPFEMALE > Avenue NW ; Washington , D.C. 20307 . If we pass this on , think of how many cards these wonderful special people would get . PASS THIS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS . ( JUST COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL IF YOU AGREE ) 
i like that erol got < PROPMALE > a video game , but since he knows hell be playing it for like the next several weeks , he got me something for my wii . lol i guess he dosnt want me and < PROPMALE > fighting . 
back to work ! finally 
does anyone work at the galleria ?? 
im not sure how i feel about work yet ... its kind of hectic and short staffed , so im working all kinds of crazy hours ! and i miss desi !! 
wow i think my kid is a genius ! desi was so mad and he really wanted me to open his new potty , so i opened his new potty , he ripped off his diaper with a big smile on his face and peed in like one minute ! hopefully potty training goes easier than i expected ! he is still playing on it right now ! lol . 
i desperately need a haircut !! its down to my butt , is it time for a change ?? 
i ran over my science teacher sliding down a hill because thats how i roll ! 
Can you read this ? I can ! Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can . 
why am i up so early ? 
so , the doctor just told me my son is off the charts hes so big and tall ... but is well proportioned , just huge for his age . lol 
i finally get a check ... two pay periods behind ... and nobody will cash it ... hopefully the bank will tomorrow 
across the universe = best movie ever !! 
To Celebrate Valentines Day , change your profile picture to you and your sweetheart and make sure to tell how long you have been together ! 6 years ! 
so excited to go to cali ! 
obama is going to be at green valley high school tomorrow ... i probably wont be able to leave the house , i live too close it will be all blockaded and packed . better get everything done today . lol 
wow i just bought clothes for the first time in ... at least 3 years . thats sad 
It Is First Child Appreciation Week ! Change your profile picture to a picture of your first born and post birth stats : < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Smith , born December 25 , 2008 . 6lbs 2 oz , 19 inches . 
trying to get the house fixed up ! its kinda fun i guess ... gotta keep positive ! lol 
desi officially started walking today !! im so proud ! hes so cute !! 
i went to church today with desi and totally just < PROPMALE > out in the toddler room the whole time and had so much fun with all the little kiddies ! 
no matter how many years go by , sublime is still the best band ever ! and it always puts me in a better mood : ) 
my poor baby , 15 months old and its the first time hes ever been sick . hes so miserable . i feel so bad . 
i caught desis sickness , it really sucks ! 
so i went to court to support a close friend , and when i got there i gave a little wave and mouthed \hi billy\ " and the court officer totally yelled at me and proceeded to inform me that this isnt the time for visiting ... what a jerk . i didnt know your not allowed to mouth hi to someone when you are there to support them . lol whatever ... " 
second interview on monday !! wish me luck ! 
Before you were conceived , I wanted you . Before you were born , I loved you . When you were born , I saw your face and knew I was in love . Before you were one second old , I knew I would die for you . To this day , I will . With Mother's Day approaching , repost this if you have children you love more than life 
im officially employed !!! esthetician at massage envy spa in anthem !! im soooooo excited !! 
HEY EVERYBODY ! MY < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) IS IN PRISON AND I MADE HIM A FACEBOOK ! HES LONELY , BECAUSE HES IN PRISON , AGAIN , HES LOOKING FOR SOME PEN PALS , SO REQUEST HIM AS A FRIEND AND WRITE HIM A LETTER ! 
first official day tomorrow , sooo if anyone has a membership to massage envy , come to the anthem location and come get a facial from me !! 
Let's see who is paying attention .... everysingle one of you are on my friend list as the result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there . I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family !!! Let's see who in my friends list actuallypays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who really is ... I < PROPFEMALE > friendships !!! 
im so excited about lost .... i can hardly contain myself !!! 
is it just me or is it weird that at 10 at night theres live mariachi music playing like 5 houses down from me ? 
my current favorite song = lay me down 
since when does walgreens have the cutest summer dresses ? adorable ! 
COME ON < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!! 
since desis birthday is on christmas , were throwing him a half birthday party at the end of the month , anyone who wants to come let me know so i can send you more details . were starting the planning now so i kinda want to get a guest list going ! 
Marks < PROPMALE > will be on display at the City of Lights < PROPMALE > Gallery this Thursday June 17th 2010 where there will be snacks and wine and a special musical performance featuring Jon-David & < PROPFIRST > Jr. The event will take place between 5:00 pm - 8:00 pm City of Lights < PROPMALE > Gallery , 3 Army St. In old henderson . Cross Streets are Army & Water . Hope to see anyone who can make it . 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ... I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copythis to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get ... This might just be interesting 
happy fathers day to all the fathers out there ! you are so important in your childs life ! 
what a great start to the day , wake up , coffee is already made , and watching yo gabba gabba with desi ! fun times ! 
ok ... desis half birthday party is going to be this wednesday july 14th at that little water park on st < PROPFEMALE > and paseo verde . everyone is welcome , i hope to see you there ! 
desis party is tomorrow !! hope to see you guys there !! 
had so much fun at the party ! thank you soooo much everyone for coming ! desi had a blast ! 
i have to take desi swimming again soon ! he LOVES it ! < PROPMALE > took him swimming at a friends baby shower and wouldnt let him get out for 2 hours ! then after we got him out and dried off , 10 minutes later he jumped into the jacuzzi ! hes fearless ! ( hes ok < PROPMALE > and like 4 other people grabbed him out immediately ! ) 
wow desis asleep ! i swear he only lets me sleep on days im off , when i work he keeps me up ALL night ! crazy kid ! 
im so irritated ! i lost my sd card to my camera ! 
gay marriage is now legal in cali !! 
i totally jacked up my pinky finger ! scraped off like half the skin ! it really hurts ! : ( 
wish i was still sleeping ... its my early day : ( 
i think i have a pinched nerve in my back its been hurting for a week now ! 
i need to get my breaks fixed ! anybody have any recommendations ? i need somewhere or someone good and cheap ! 
of all nights not to have my camera , i got to see desi interact with a 3 week old baby last night . he was soooo sweet petting his leg and his belly , and he kept going to check on the baby . 
***** MASSAGE ENVY ***** Tuesday September 14th is Massage for the Cure !! $49 for a Massage or Facial and $15 from every appt . goes directly to < PROPFEMALE > G . Komen . Please call 702-309-3689 ( Anthem location ) OR 702-563-3689 ( Gv and 215 Location ) to schedule !!! Please make your appt . today and come to support this incredible nation wide event !!! 
my poor desi fell on his face and gave himself his very first fat lip : ( poor thing ! 
i totally locked my keys in my car at work ! < PROPMALE > had to come bring me the spare ! lol oh well he got there fast so i guess everything worked out ok ! 
in the mood for a good movie ... any ideas ?? i mean REALLY good movies 
family fun park time !! 
i like it by the front door 
midnight wedding here we come ! 
we tried to share the awesome thunder and lightning with desi , and of course like 30 seconds after we bring him outside there was the loudest thunder ive ever heard ! scared the crap out of all three of us . well i hope he isnt scarred for life ! lol 
does anyone install ac units ? or know someone who does ? 
so for halloween i think im going to be a hippie 
Sorry everyone , I'm not super superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , Shui . The one who does not copy , ..... will be without money . I cannot let that person be ... me . ... Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > . 
i really hope < PROPMALE > looses , hes the perfect example of a career politician and why we need term limits . even if he was running against a goat , id vote goat ! get out and vote ! BAAA ! lol 
errrrr ! im so irritated right now ... i just need to go to bed before i go crazy 
crazy stuff goin on in the neighborhood like 6 cop cars and lots of yelling and guns drawn ! 
Toall the unselfish Mom's out there who traded eye liner for dark circles , salon haircuts for pony tails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags , and wouldn't change a thing . Let's see how many Mom's post this . Mom's who ... don't care about whatever they gave up ... and instead LOVE what they got in return . Post this if you LOVE your life as a Mom !!! ? ? 
got the tickets today ! going to see < PROPFIRST > beck on thursday ! oh yeah ! 
no way < PROPMALE > barger guest starred on the sons of anarchy season finale ! crazy 
k , so what up with the cartoon characters ? 
just got summoned to jury duty . yay for me ! : ( 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !! im so lucky , i have the best family and friends anyone could ask for ! 
i forgot i could sleep in today ! too late now ! 
so i wanted to see the winter solstice eclipse last night but it was so cloudy i couldnt see the < PROPFEMALE > . i couldnt even see A < PROPFEMALE > . it only comes around every 400 years so i guess i missed my oppritunity 
got my xmas gift early ! KINDLE ! woo hoo !! 
i cant believe desis going to be 2 on saturday ! even though he could pass for 4 lol . they change so much in 2 years , they go from being so little and completely helpless , to half my size and trying to boss me around ! 
so i saw the saddest movie in history , dear < PROPMALE > . i must have gone through almost a whole box of tissues and i dont hardly ever cry when i watch movies . 
woo hoo no jury duty tomorrow ! 
instead of going out tomorrow i think well stay home and redo the kitchen ! great way to start off the new year ! 
i just saw a car speed up and swerve to hit a cat . right in front of my house while im standing there holding my 2 year old . what is wrong with people ? 
just got < PROPFIRST > becks new book the seven wonders that will change your life . im excited to read it ! 
cant wait to start school ... just a couple more months ! 
why do people , like our elected officials , keep calling our country a democracy ? its a republic people !! it makes them look so stupid every time i hear it 
Creepy math problem ... ANYONE CAN TRY THIS .. How old you'll be this year + the year you were born = 11 or 111 i just tried it on every family member i can think of and it works ! 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on food-stamps , medicaid , or cash assistance on your children or yourself , you have to pass a DRUG test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post . We have to work and take a drug test so should they ! Make those on disability take the test too !! 
just discovered a new fav food for my pickey eater ... kiwi : ) 
healthcare law IS unconstitutional ! looks like the courts agree with me ! one step closer ... 
man , i dont know if anyones following whats going on in egypt , but it is going down right now . crazy 
the only bad thing about desi falling asleep last night at like 10:30 , he was up at quarter to 8 and now hes napping at quarter to 11 . i like it better when he goes to bed at 1 and wakes up at noon , that way i can sleep in too ! 
wow , i cant believe i jacked my neck up so bad ! i guess cracking it all the time can have unintended concequences . good thing i work with a bunch of massage therapists ! i hope were not busy tomorrow so someone can fix me ! 
mmm fresh strawberries and kiwi . 
yay < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > won the straw pole at cpac for the 2nd year in a row . this time by a \landslide\ " ! im so excited ! " 
so excited to go back to school ! i should get my materials by the end of the week ! 
desi loves scooby doo ! its all he wants to watch ! its the first cartoon character hes become attached to . everytime daphnie is on he points and says \mama ! \ " well i guess id rather be daphnie than < PROPFEMALE > ! lol " 
i hate getting hardly any sleep ! while sick ! uhh i feel like crap ! 
does the iphone have regular headphone jacks ? 
wow , power was out for like 2 hours . did that affect anyone else , or was it just my neighborhood ? 
study time before bed ? i think so ! 
its nice to be important , but its more important to be nice 
just finished my corned beef stew , and it is soooooo good ! happy st pattys day ! 
i love < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! hes my hero !! 
i think my cameras broken ! it makes the turn on noise but the screen stays black ! do people repair cameras , or will i have to buy another one ? 
