Just Loves How It Sounds Like A Battelfield Out Here .. ( Gotta Love Sarcasm(src )) 

Believes he's getting closer to his goals , well on the way when it comes to keeping the self made promise and getting the yard cleaned ( which its needed forever ) and is told , but doesn't know for sure if he's doing good on his other goal . Only time will tell .. 
Has Used Adivce From A Good Friends .. And Used His Knowledge In His Thoughts .. And Now Completely Over Come His Dark Mind .. And So Now Ponders Whether Or Not He Should Go Outside For A little While .. 
Will Say This : It's Hard Losing Someone .. And Hopefully The People Who Are Going Through This Loss Will Have People There To Help Them Through It .. 
Thinks He Maybe Slightly Addicted To Quizzes 
Is Planning On Goin ' Back Outside And Stab Random Things With His Sword .. And Hopefully Won't Have To Play Pig Herder(or however spelt ) .. Well The World Didn't End So That's Good .. 
Is Bored Out Of What Weird Mind He Has .. Now Must Return To The Heat Of The Sun And Cause Further Injury And Damage .. Be Back When Ever .. 
Is Bored So He Will Say Something Logical .. If People Say Tears , And Apologizing Are Signs Of Weakness .. Doesn't That Just Mean That Being Human Is A Weakness .. So How Do You Know It's Not Just Them Who Are Weak , For They Are Over Come By Fear .. Fear Of What 
Hey , Everyone .. Post Whether Or Not Your Havin A Good Summer And Things .. ( Im too lazy to individually send messages ) 
Is Going To A Midnight Showing Of Transformers 2 .. This Time Will Be Dressing Up Like A Decpticon Rather Than An Autobot Like He Did For The First One .. 
Is wondering if he is an interesting person to talk with or not .. he has reasons to believe he's not despite the f .. nevermind .. Im just bored .. nothing to do .. no one to talk to .. 
Has randomly remembered old YouTube Videos he was talked into doin a few years ago .. they are truly , truly stupid and wished they were deleted .. he was kinda hyper on a random summer day .. ( this is back before he started wearing his jacket all the time too ) 
Has Just Got Home From Seeing Transformers : Revenge Of The Fallen .. He's tired .. his computer probably hates him .. he just spent 4 hours in a theather but that is one awsome movie .. and he even saw some interesting previews .. 
haha .. I bet you do .. I told Justice a while back what to use to search for them .. but whether or not I will tell you .. hmm .. maybe .. 
Has Heard People Throughout Time Talk About How Things Go Up Must Come Down , And That Things Can Only Go So Low .. Before They Start Rising Again .. I Suppose Life Is Like A Rollercoaster .. With Its Ups And Downs .. 
Wished His Dad Wan't Right About How Deaths Usually Occur In Threes .. Michael < PROPMALE > Being The Third Celebrity To Pass In Two Weeks .. 
Is Really Not Sure What To Say .. Not Really Sure What To Do .. Probably Should Just Click \Share\ " And Leave This At That .. " 
Knows The World May Never Know What Has Been Written But Never Shown .. ( Notes Kept Secret ) .. But Maybe The Oblivious World Will Be Happy With Knowin ' \How Many Licks It Takes To Get To The Center Of A Tootsie Pop .. \"" 
Is wondering what he should do now .. to solve this problem he has .. should he A . Face it .. B . Research possible causes .. C . Just forget about it .. D . Just go back to takin a million quizzes .. You can text your vote to 555555 with the letter of your choice . 
Is truly dreading tomorrow .. he has to help move his sister out .. but dont get him wrong if it was to move her out of his house he'd be up and ready before the roosters starts crowing but it's from < PROPMALE>'s house so he wants to but can't sleep in ... so he ha 
I'm Not Bein EMO !!.. I'm Bein Logical .. 
Wonders i-if he has blown this out of proportions .. if there is logical explanations for these things and his mind is regaining its dark control .. then again he has found his sanity slippin away .. maybe he should welcome the padded room .. it be the only real 
Wished the software on his computer wasn't outdated and his computer/internet wasn't so slow .. 
Is now one step and several aches closer to one of his goals for the summer .. he just walked two lap around lake mayer at 20 or so minutes each .. ( yeah that's actually progress use to it was one lap a visit at 30 minutes ) .. Sheer Will Power .. Is All it took .. 
Is Discovering The Meaning Of The Strange Kind Of Scary Non-Sense Of His Dream .. From A Couple Of Days Ago ... 
\He said we got a hundred gallons of sweet red wine ... Made from the biggest watermelons on the vine ... Help yourself to some but obey the law ... If you drink don't drive do the watermelon crawl \"" 
is spending the day with his sister .. kinda bored and being put to work .. but it maybe better than the alternative .. 
Is ... 
Is going to eventually attempt to have a good night's sleep .. if that's possible 
Wants to know \What is the number for 9-1-1 ? \"" 
Is getting off for the night .. letting anyone that cares know .. \May The Wolves Be With You . \"" 
Is going to be taking Senior Pictures Wednesday .. 
Finds it weird that someone can act normal while hi .. but be crazy when not .. I suppose it's sorta the withdrawal from it or it's cause the moons out .. 
Is mad at himself .. and has sooo much that needs to be done that needed to be done .. that has yet to be done .. ergh is really beyond annoyed and mad but too tired to show it .. 
Is disappointed and feels like he has failed .. something he tends to do alot .. but still kinda wonders what would life be like if .. nevermind .. but he knows what he wants .. he's read , seen different ways to try to get it .. to achieve it .. but all he has are excu 
Was EMO for alittle while but that shortly passed after he caught 8 chickens in our cage/trap thing all at once .. ( so far to memory it is the most ever caught at one time , for us atleast ) . abd for some reason it made him feel better and took his mind off of 
Is working on his non-published Music webpages .. adding more music to them , moving the coding around and making them more organized .. added 3 songs by 3 Doors Down , another AllAmerican Reject's song and a few others .. making a total of 7 pages of music .. 
Will be going to school for the next week for an engineering camp .. thing .. also got the proofs for his senior pictures .. for any who are interested in seeing them (* cough , cough * Maria*cough , cough *) 
Truly Wished Life Came With An Owner's < PROPMALE > .. 
\If today was your last day .. and tomorrow was too late .. Could you say goodbye to yesterday .. Would you live each moment like your last ?.. Leave old pictures in the past .. Donate every dime you have ?.. If today was your last day\ " Nickelback-If Today Was Your L " 
Is glad his sister and brother-in-law came over when they did , he started losing control , and the past started to come back and he really didn't want to get on that old rollercoaster again , because those feelings for some reason still exist if only faintl 
Is sadly forcing himself to start slowly walking towards that old rollercoaster , ( metaphorically speaking ) and is wondering if he should say anything or just try to let it be as it is , silent and allow time to take its course and allow the drifting to cont 
Has had a really , really bad afternoon .. lost an uncle who passed really peacefully , then his aunt had basically a panic attack and had to be sent to the hospital and then right when she was put into the ambulance , his grandmother fell , luckily a few of his family members were next to her and caught her .. and his dad told him at roughly same place he told him about his mother 5 years ago .. 
This Weekend Is Really Horrible , My Sister Fell And Was Taken To The Emergency Room , Doesn't Think He Wants To Wake Up Tomorrow .. Doesn't Think He Can Handle Anymore Of This S**T Happening .. 
Feels Like He Is Slipping Away From Reality 
Still thinks Papa Roach-Last Resort describes his life very well .. 
Wonders How Many People Will Respond To This .. If You Consider Me An Actual Friend , Comment To This Status , If You Dont , Then Leave No Comment 
Is Going To Do Something Destructive .. 
Has Completed The Webpage For < PROPFIRST > , Hopefully She Will Like It , It's Colorful , Talks About < PROPFEMALE > , Even Has A Picture Of A < PROPFEMALE > Castle .. 
Wonders how many times it takes for a person's heart to break before they do the breaking .. 
If A Heart Breaks And Know One Is Told .. Does It Still Hurt As Badly ? 
It sucks when you live a lie and when your finally out of it you feel bad that it's over .. 
Probably should be shot for some of the things he's say over the years , heh , needs to ignore the talking grapevines and stop riding dang rollercoasters .. 
Is Currently Believing He Is Losing What Mind He Has Left , Not Sure Exactly What He's Saying To People Any More , Maybe He Will Be Back To \Normal\ " Tomorrow .. " 
Just has alot on his mind , maybe that plus being tired and kinda hungry is causing what evre this is .. 
Couldn't sleep well last night , weird dreams , and stuff , oh well 
For Those To Who This Applies And For Those That Dont Know But Care .. Our Open House Is Thursday Aug , 27th 4-6 
Wonders If This Will Work 
Has More Or Less Fixed His Problems .. With The Computer , Took Nearly 8 Hours Total But Everything Is Working .. 
Feels Like He Need To Either Float Around In Purgatory , Or Fi-Eh Nevermind , It Be Easier To Go To Purgatory .. 
People Im talking To on chat , my computer is stupid , may get off it soon , may take a few minutes or so to get back on . 
People I Was Talking To On Chat , Text Me If Yall Want To Still Talk , Facebook Chat Being Stupid .. 
Is Going To Take A Walk On The Path Less Travelled , Horribly Lit , Good Luck , And Good Bye .. 
Couldn't Really Sleep , Finally Around 7 This Morning He Fell Asleep , Had A Weird Dream , One Where He Almost Died .. Again , Luckily Saved A Few People And Made Friends With An Alien Who's Power And Name Didnt Match .. 
Is Tired Of Alot Of Things . Wished He Could .. What's The Use . Life For Alot Sucks , Some More Than Others And Little We Can Do About It . 
Is Planning To Leave The Reality He Knows Behind , Entering Into One He Knows Nothing About , Finding Dangers Around Every Corner , Seeing People He Could Never Really See . Being Who He Can Never Really Be . All Without Even Wearing His Jacket , For It Will Remain In This Reality . Wonders What Creature , Or Danger He Will Face Next .. 
Doesn't Really Know What To Do For His Summer Reading Project . Doesn't Really Know How To Approach The Project Considering The Book He Is Doing It On . 
Hates How Facebook Chat Rarely Works Right Now A Days . 
Is Not Going To Get A Hammer To His Computer . Nor Rip The Phone Cord From The Wall . Rather , Going To Walk Outside . Take A Few Moments And Find Something To Break . 
I Stand By Words I Did Not Want People To See , I Sit Here In My Computer Chair Thinking Back To That Day , The Day Before My Sister's Happiest Day . Forever Rembering What Was Going Down , What Was Happening , How My Words Almost Caused Me To Lose A Friend . I Stand By Words I Did Not Want People To See . 
Spending My Last Day Of Freedom With My Dad , And Yard Work . Grrreaaaat . Hooray For Sarcasm .. lol 
Is Dreading The Coming Of Tomorrow , Does Not Want To Return To School . 
... wonder's what the point is .. 
Why does life have to be so Freakin ' cruel . 
Is having a serious emotional breakdown right now . 
Has Finally Calmed Down , Took A While , Nearly Killing Himself In The Process . Luckily His Aunt Was Able To . The Shear Thought Of Talking To His Cousin Was Almost Enough On Its Own ( Thats How Bad Is Cousin Is ) 
Wonder's What The Point Of Meeting New People If The Ones You Know Never Know You're There .. 
Believes He That What Happened On The 2nd May Happen Again . It All Depends On What Triggers It . There Is Only 2 Options Really Known To Him . One Try To Stay Close To A Certain Friend And Try To Control His Emotions . Or Completely Cut All Ties To This Friend . His He Really Willing To Go Through That Again For This Friend Who Is Oblivious . Is It Truly Worth It . Comment With Your Opinion . 
Is Going . Going . Be Gone By Morning . 
Is On The Verge Of Another Break Down . Trying To Keep Himself Together But Sadly Even Duct Tape Isn't Working 
Wonder's If He's Going To Spend His Last Year Of Highschool Like His First . 
Questions His Own Sanity .. 
Finds Predictability Sometimes Good , Sometimes Bad , But Mostly Boring . And In Some Cases Annoying . 
Hates It When People Dr. Jekyll , Mr. Hydes Him , Comment If You Want To Know What That Means . 
May actually do something to help the < PROPMALE > this year , maybe he will dress up , dye his hair and become a guide , not sure yet .. 
Is Strongly Thinking About Dying His Hair , He Will Use October As A Trial Run To See If He Likes It . 
Has Lost His Mind , If Found Return It If You Want , There Is No Monetary Reward . 
Isn't Really Sure What To Say .. 
Finds Life Is Getting Better .. In Theory , Just Has To Wait To See How It Really Plays Out .. 
Is going to try and go to sleep , hopefully allowing his good mood to return .. hopefully 
Is Finding Life Is Turning Out Pretty Close To How He Theorized It Should . Whether Or Not It Will Continue Like This He Really Does Not Know . 
Is Tired But Cannot Go To Sleep Yet . Not Until His Assignments Are Done . Which Is Estimated To Take 20-30 Minutes . Atleast 
One more assignment for the night . Then hoping for the best tomorrow . 
Is Finished For The Night . Well For Those It May Apply Good Night .. 
Doesn't Feel Very ( Physically ) Good Right Now . 
Believes Randomness Just Maybe Awsomeness 
Is confused by his dream , it was properly interpretted or rather acurately , more or less , but the result does not make sense to him . 
Is Not Liking This Year's Robotics Competition , It's Taking In His Opinion The Real Fun Out Of It . He May Just Be Too Harsh Right Now And It May Turn Out Great But Currently Doubts It .. 
Is Told He Should Talk To Other People To Make New Friends , But When Messages Are Sent None Return .. 
It's A Bird , It's A Plane , No .. Its Just < PROPFIRST > Falling Off A Build , \ " , 2009-09-21 23:45:26 " 
Has Found A Flaw , Rather An Unseen Element Essential To His Theories About How Certain Things Should Play Out In Life . This Unseen Element Is Called \Factual Life\ " Another Thing An Unexplained Event Or Phenomenon Has Occurred As Well . Clearly His Internal Software Needs Updating .. " 
Feels Life Is Going Downhill Right Now . That The Forces Are Too Much For Him To Keep Control . Comment If You Want To Know Why . 
Wonder's Why When We Try To Let Go , Life Keeps Hold Of Us . ( Referring To Letting People Go , Not Talking About Suicide . Comment If Clarification Is Needed ) 
Finds People Can Be So Devious Even By His Standards . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised at what people remember about you . ( Is Personaly Wondering How Many Or Few People Will Comment ) 
Is Sorta Dispointed By The Results Of His Experiment , Oh Well . Now He's Going To Continue Another Experiment And Go To Sleep . Night To Those That Read This .. 
Is Taking A Break From Life . Be Back When Someone Notices . See Ya'll Next Year . 
Doesn't Share The Ethusiasm And Exitement As His Fellow Classmates , The Graduating Class Of 2010 !!, Yeah , Nothing , Maybe He Really Doen't Want To Leave , Since Jenkins Is Practically A Second Home , And It Has Many Of The People He Cares About .. His Friends , And He Doens't Want To Leave Them . 
Is Currently Feeling Sick , Feeling Nervous , Worried , Over Something He Can Not Control , Has Hope Could Use Some Reassurance Though , Whether It's A Lie Or Not . 
Wished He Could Be In 10th Grade Again , That Way He Can Spend More Time With His Friends .. 
Wonders why a simple game of chess played last year has had such a lasting affect , the game was completed , ending in his victory but was probably the most fun he has ever had , but what was so special about it ? 
Successfully Interpreted Another Dream And Learned That He Has Some Conflict , That He Must Face , A Conflict He Can't Look To His Pole To Be There For Him To < PROPFEMALE > On . He Has To Confront The Creature On His Own , For She Is No Longer There By My Side , Or Even In My Life . 
Wants anyone who doubts his skills at breaking down and understand the enter workings of the mind to look at his most recent note . Commenting here of course as to what they think .. 
Wonders If This Weekend Is Suppose To Mean Something . Ran Into An Old Friend Yesterday , Texted One Person But A Person I Knew A Few Years Ago Texted Me Back , An Old Friend From Last Year Texted Me , Someone Went To Court , And Someone Had A Baby .. 
Has Told Only One Person In His ENTIRE Life The True Reason(s ) He Wears His Jacket All Of The Time . 
Finds There Are SO Many Goodbyes , But So Few Hellos .. 
\She said daddy when we get to heaven Can i taste the Milky Way ? Are we going there to visit or are we going there to stay Am i Gonna see my grandpa ? Can I have a pair of wings ? Do you think that God could use another angel to help pour out the rain ? \ " -\" Pour Out The Rain \"- By < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > " 
Might test his theory tomorrow and see how high he will bounce when he falls off the side of the Earth .. 
Finds He's Losing His Connections To The World . That It Takes More Effort To Get Such Little Acknowledgement . So Will He One Day Go And Be Seen And By No One .. 
May just allow the sands of time swallow him whole as they tried once before but life was worth the struggle and threatening possibilities of broken and/or paralyzed legs 
Noticed Changes In Mood , Attitude , Even In Speech , Its Becoming Slurred And More Difficult To Form Correct Sentences , Spent Years Trying To Stop That , But Practices Doesn't Always Make Perfect , Even Sucks At Chess .. 
Wonders If He Will Get Away With Murder , Rather Will Have To Get Away With It . 
Just Got Back From The First Night Of The Haunted < PROPMALE > , Still Had Redish Hair And Some Face Paint On , Went Through The < PROPMALE > 3 Times , Nearly Died laughing And Nearly Had His Shoulder Dislocated .. And Got Beat Up By Scared People .. 
Wonders What He Should Do , If He Should Give Up , Push Forward Hoping For A Better Day , Or Just Allow The Tides Of Life To Sweep Him Away , 
Finds it hard to stay focused and grounded in the here and now , he tends to go off to another galaxy in another century , learning and knowing , seeing things in his head that has not happened , that will NEVER happen , but he tends to float off to there anyway , maybe one day he will go and never come back 
Finds It Hard To Go With The Flow Of Life When You Don't Know Where That Flow Is Going Next .. 
Doesn't Feel Good , Roped Burned Hands , Adominal Pain , Are Just Some Of The Symptoms , Hope It's Not Swine . Lol 
Believes London Bridge Would Fall Easier Than The Tree In His Backyard Did , 
Finds People Tends To Talk To You When You Are The Grim Reaper , Why Is That ? Trying To Buy Time , Or Do People Just Love Shaking Helps With Death .. Muh Wahahahaha !!! 
Is It Bad , I Take Advantage Of Peoples ' Gullability And Torture Them With Fear Before They Enter The Haunted < PROPMALE > ? 
Is Going , Going , Gone For The Night . G'night To Certain People , And * random cricket * To Others .. ( Message Me If Your Actually Curious Which Group Your In ) 
Wonders If He's Been Living In A Cave , Noticing All Of The Statuses Referring To The Weather , When He Hasn't Seen So Much As A Drop Of Water .. 
Finds More And More Reasons For Getting A Laptop , Another One To Add To The List , Crappy Land Line Internet Connection 
Wished He Could Leave This Worl , This Century , And Travel To The Universe In His Story , Before The War And Stuff , Or Atleast Live The Life Of One Of The Characters . 
suprisingly didn't forget his birthday was coming up , ( unlike a few years ) sadly has nothing special planned , expects nothing special , except sleeping most of it away . 
Wonders Why For Someone With Little Experience With Relationships Gives Out < PROPFEMALE > Much Advice , And Gets The People Who Try To Get The Girl Through Devious Means . 
Is Still On A Quest For A Word Stronger Than Dumba ** . In Almost Desperate Need For It . 
Thanks Everyone , And According To Certain People , I'm 18 But , I've Had People Think I Was : 20 , 25 , 30 . 
Fears That He Will Experience Another Nervous/Emotional Breakdown In The Following Days/ Weeks . 
They Say \God Put Friends On This Earth To Help Us . \ " I'm Starting To Believe They're Right . " 
Ergh , Anatomy , 16 < PROPFEMALE > outline AND 15 < PROPFEMALE > s of pictures to label by TOMORROW , I curse you procrastination . May you rot forever in purgatory 
Is Going To Bed , Night To Those That Matter , Message Me If You Want To Know If You Matter 
Is Feeling Emo-ish , And Kinda Sick , Been Feelin Like This For Last Two Weeks 
Feels Almost Wanting A 3rd Breakdown To Happen , Wanting 1 of 3 People By His Side , Well The Version Of Them He Sees In His Mind , The Names Of These People Won't Be Listed , 1 Actually Won't Be Known Even To Him For Years , If Ever , The Other 2 , Certain People Can Guess Who , 
Feels Almost Like He's Having An Apiphanie 
Is Not Here Right Now , If You Would Like To Leave A Message , You Will Be The First ... 
Is Trying To Figure Things Out . Trying To Understand What's Going On . Trying To Look At All Of The Possibiblities Before Coming To A Conclusion . 
They say you can not truely understand someone's pain unless you have experienced the same pain they have , does that explain why no one seems to understand me , or see things from my point of view because that have not experienced the same pain I have ? 
Feels He'd Sell His Soul For The Answers He Seeks .. 
Feels The Breakdown Is Imminent , If Not Properly Controlled , It Will Happen Tonight 
Wonders If He Is A Really Good Friend , OR A Really Dumb One ? 
Wished There Was An Easy Way Of Achieving His Goals ... Sadly There Is None .. 
Facebook Experiment : Post This In Your Status : If you consider me a friend , post why we are \friends ? \ " See How Many People Comment ... " 
Sometimes Wonders What's The Point , The Goal Is Too Steep , Considering The Time Limit . Motivation Seems Lacking More Today Than Ususal ... 
Did something few people would believe , but why tell people what that was ? 
Wonders What Will Fail Under The Stress First , London's Bridge , Or His Body . 
Is Going , Going , Gone Emo , Again ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , Was Sorta < PROPFEMALE > ntful , Nearly Killed < PROPFIRST > Via Heart Attack , I Nearly Died Via Heart Attack .. 
Wished He Could < PROPFEMALE > And/Or Talk With Some Of His Friends , Sometimes Wished TiVo Worked On Life .. 
Hates When Thoughts Are So Strong They Are Almost Tangible , 
Happy new year .. hopefully it wont be as bad as last year ... 
You know its bad when KGB says its hopeless .. 
Is glad his friends can trust him , is glad people are comfortable around him , BUT wonders who can he trust , who can he truly be comfortable with .. 
Is bored and plans to continue attempting to lost weight , therefore will go walk around , sadly , there is little to see at night , 
Feels Destructive , Sadly Has Nothing To Destroy .. 
Is Happy That : He Has Good Friends , Friends That Trust Him , Friends That Are Willing To Open Up And Allow Him To Help , He Can Help Change And Make A Difference In The Lives Of His Friends .. 
Right now has a strong erge to punch a hole in the window next to him ; however , the necessary force required to do such plus the reprecausions out way the initial erge , for now .. 
Feels He Needs To Keep His Emotions In Check , For The Sake Of Himself , More Than Others , Sadly , Thats A Task That Proves A Large Test Of His Will Power , Which With More Stress And Such Seems Dwindling ; However , He , For Now , Doesn't Plan To Turn To Many Others Have , Sadly , He's Afraid One Day , It May Come To It ... 
Is Tired Of Fighting The Inevitable , Its Been Put Off For For Awhile , But For No Longer , His Emotions Are continuing To Build , So , He's Ready To Let Go , And Let Them Flow , Despite , The Physical Torture That Occured The Last Time .. 
Doesn't Know What He Should Do Anymore , The Few Options He Can Think Of , Look So Unappealing That He Wished He Knew Another Option .. 
Feels life is like a bus , you get on at the beginning of the route and get off at the end , meeting new people at every stop along the way , but sadly , in the end , its just you , all alone . Sometimes he feels like he should just get off now , before the last of the few passengers gets off . 
Is gunna do something he hasnt done in a while , go outside and check on the giant in the trees , ( im not crazy , i dont think ) , 
Hates how memories tend to resurface when want them too 
Hates how old memories resurface when you least want them too 
Plans , for this night only , to answer the following question , asked by anyone , with no excuse , the actual truthful answer , the question is \Why do I always wear my jacket ? \ " A question many have asked . " 
Wonders if a big target , painted on the back of his jacket will help get people to notice .. 
If no one complained , nothing would change 
Emotionial Breakdowns Are My Hell On Earth 
Knows what he's wanting to say in the yearbook now . 
has about half of his Senior paper written , hopes to finish it tomorrow or Monday and start on the presentation and then finish the presentation either monday or Tuesday night 
Has another bad headache , but this one is being made worse by : honking geese , quacking ducks , bark dog , meowing cats , plus whatever else is outside right now 
to whom it may concern , i should be back on around 8 or shortly after ( hopefully ) 
Wonders , why he feels the way he does , for it seems , despite the good things that happen , their effect seems short lived , for once they are over , the happiness fades .. 
Is having to resort to putting himself in some what moderate danger in order to deal with the thoughts and feelings . This fight may not end well for one of us .. 
Feels like he gets better results from a wall , for a wall can't torture him , only stand there , feels like he should just give up , let life run its course , even if its right into that wall . 
swears , hes gunna shoot these cats if they dont learn to leave his food and computer ALONE !!! 
wished he could break this wall between us , sadly its impenatrable , atleast , if he try to break it , he will ultimately get hurt , he can see you on the otherside , but , the glass is cold , only you can bring down this wall , but will you ? 
Will be back whenever , if ever , not like anyone will either notice , or care . 
Wonders if he will ever escape the prison of his mind , new semester and already seriously stressed , may do a schedule change to undo what at the time was thought be a good idea but now is showing to a bad one 
Hates how he predicts possible outcomes which he then fears , and yet he does little to avoid them but naturally and unwantingly causes them to become reality 
like the arrow , i am brought as close as possible just to be pushed a great distance away 
hates how if one state of being is out of whack then consequently so will be the other two 
So , we've drifted < PROPFEMALE > far apart , that you no longer see a need in saying goodbye , something , you promised me you'd do , since i'd never see you again , true this wasnt what was in mind when you made that promise , but still , couldnt you atleast of said it anyway , for old times sake , since i doubt our paths will ever cross again , 
Is about to go start himself a fire , to try and keep warm 
There is no need for alarm , i have the fire under control , * turns around with a massive blaze * , now you can sound the alarm .. ( not really , i am in control ) 
Wished he could get rid of someone without the consequences of getting rid of them , 
So yeah , i like talking to friends so much , im willing to nearly freeze my hands off if it means i can 
I am out in this 30-40 degree wet weather , ( siting in a dry place ) not because i want to get sick or die a cold death , but because its the only place i get a stable wifi signal , and i like being able to talk to my friends , since some of them are like family and stuff , so being cold and such is a small price if it means i can talk to them 
Is really , really getting annoyed with Chatham County , was already annoyed with how the country is ran , and stuff , now his own county is turning against him , whats next , the < PROPFEMALE > refusing to light the night's sky and the Sun refuse to light the day .. 
Is tired of : trying to help his friends , they are probably better off without it anyway ; trying to make certain thoughts reality , even if they seem like they would help or are needed ; Is tired of just so many things .. 
hates Senioritis , hates dealing with sophmores that acts worse than freshmen , hates having to wake up on Saturday mornings and go work on the robot , hates being unable to help some of the people he truly cares about . 
Will be back on around 7 pm , for those that care to know .. 
If yall wanna talk to me , then text or call , cause im goin for the night . Oh and yall can wish my team luck tomorrow with our robotics compettition that we will ultimately fail at . 
People , yall can text me .. 
Hates this freakin ' sinus infection , 
Warning to all people living in < PROPFEMALE > , there is a low but still in existence < PROPMALE > that I will be getting behind the wheel of a motorized vehicle .. 
If the early bird gets the worm , then the early < PROPMALE > gets the bird , so what do people who aren't up that early get .. McDonalds or Burgerking if you have to have it your way , 
Wished he had someone he could call , talk to even if its just to talk , someone that can comfort him , someone that could be there with him , yeah , there are friends but they have their own lives to worry about and times they are not available , wished he had someone special with him , now . 
Life's so cruel and golf carts are < PROPFEMALE > racist , or atleast really just hates me 
is about to take this golf cart that seems to hate him out for a drive , hopefully this time it won't breakdown . 
Has one messed up mind , and one broken hard , sadly even with all the duct tape in the world and all of the < PROPMALE>'s horses and all of the < PROPMALE>'s men , there is no way to put his messed up mind and broken heart back together again .. 
\An expert is a man who tell you a simple thing in a confused way in such a fashion as to make you think the confusion is your own fault \"- < PROPFIRST > Castle " 
Is either going to walk around and risk getting ran over , again , or going to drive the golf cart around . 
am I the only senior that feels bad for skippin ' on Senior Skip Day ? 
Has to feed the animals and collect the eggs . But instead of walkin over there , he's gunna drive the golf cart 
Ok < PROPFIRST > , calm down , don't throw your chair across the yard , it hasn't done anything to you , just because you maybe mad , frustrated , annoyed , doesn't mean you need to take it out on your chair .. 
Isn't sure of what to think , of what to do , since no matter what , he can't seem to get off this rollercoaster of life , with its ups , downs , loops , and high rise drops , he's not sure what to expect to happen , will it be something good , or will it wind up turning out bad ? 
\Trying to ask for anything around this office is like tickling a tiger in the butt with a feather . \"" 
Hates this , No internet access , why , because of forces he cant control . Hes working on an alternative method of internet access but so far there has been NO luck 
has internet once again , but how long will he have it , doesnt know , eventually hopefully he will get this modem hooked up and stuff so he can have his own personal internet connection . 
has a riddle for y'all . Somewhere in the world there's a bridge who's weight limit is 14,000 lbs and is a mile long . on a day where no cars are on this bridge a large semi-truck weighing exactly 14,000 lbs at the start of the bridge drives about half a mile being stopped by a randomly placed traffic light . While stopped a bird lands on the truck . Now , will the bridge collaspe or not and why ? 
Is now to the point where he doesn't care , once he leaves Jenkins , he's not gunna care that he's leavin ' people behind . He knows that those people are probably a dime a dozen at College and worth far more . He can talk to those that wants to and cares to keep in touch , but he's not going to force anyone to or go out of his way to . 
Wished he had someone to talk to , sadly he knows not who to talk to , nor what to talk about . 
Really Wishes Things Could Be < PROPFEMALE > Much Easier , He's Tired Of This B.S. And Tired of Causing Pain For Those That Care About Him . And Tired Of Having Pain Caused By Those He Cares About . 
Feels his grip on this reality slipping , then tightning just to slip again . He's afraid eventually it will be his sanity that goes , or his life . 
Feels his psychicness is going to be his downfall . He predicted something would happen , he tried his best to avoid it , sadly as he knew , it only make things worse , so he backed off and things were okay , but lately things have been getting worse , and he feels the times coming and he's not wanting to be there when it arrives .. 
Wished that something good would finally happen . It could be people could stop : pissing me off , disappointing me , making me feel more of an outcast than i am , also wished these ( bleeps replacings adjective ) electronics would stop ( more bleeps ) messing up . 
Has lost his mind , if found you can return it to him , there isn't a reward being offered and its not worth much , but if your bored and you find it , you can always return it 
Has a Webpage project to do , no idea when its due , but he wont have much time in class because he agreed to help anyone who needs it and people has been takin ' him up on that , he doesn't mind , its just the teacher is allowin ' him to choose what he wants to do on his whereas the others aren't that lucky , so he chose to do it on < PROPFIRST > Twain , the Wright Brothers and < PROPFIRST > Ford . 
Has finally figured out how his mind works , for the most part , and he knows why he feels the way he does , it took nearly 3 years for him to collect all of the pieces but he finally understands , more or less , sadly he cannot simply fix his problem , not by himself for it was not caused by himself ; therefore , he must try to do the scenes in his head that he's seen countless times . He hopes if he does this , it will help . 
Will be back hopefully soon but since this involves his sister , it may be never 
Hates the massive pool of shattered material and mixed substances called his mind . Hates the thoughts that plaque him mainly because the fact that they can never happen , not necessarily because he doesn't want them too but anyway . 
Hates this . This being that he's already a Senior , he's been at Jenkins for 3 years , and its already time to leave ; He also hates how everyone has changed and moved apart , hates how things are becoming . Wished there was away to turn back the clock so he could relive the past . 
Will be back soon , will be on the computer tonight . 
Feels left out of alot of things . Feels this large loop of people just likes shutting him out , he makes ( and others inside the loop makes ) attempts that usually end in him being farther out of the loop in the end . Feels like he's stuck between worlds , ( not literally worlds , but figuritively ) 
Knows alot of people are ready for school to end , and the seniors cant wait to get out early , but he can wait , and truthfully , he doesnt want to be told he cant come to school to spend the last week of his last year at Jenkins High with his friends . He doesnt want to say his goodbyes so early ( even though they are on facebook , since its not the same as being with them in person ) 
Wonders whats the point in writing statuses if none of your \friends\ " are going to comment on them ? " 
\They've got a power and a force that you've never seen before . They've got the ability to morph and to even up the score . No one can ever take them down the power lies on their siiiide . Go Go Power Rangers Go Go Power Rangers Go Go Power Rangers Mighty Morphin ' Power Rangers \"" 
may go do some basket weaving , because he's THAT BORED !! No one to talk to , or so it seems . 
There's Cops on the ceiling\ 
\ 
There's Cops on the floor\ 
There's Cops in the windows\ 
Cops breaking down the door\ 
You'll never feel safer in your life 
Can handle physicalpain caused by a physical source ; however , if its caused by an emotional one , then the pains unbearable , unforgiving and forever flaring with little hope of passing . And can be set off by anything from bad word choice , simple action , etc . 
They've got a power and a force that you've never seen before . They've got the ability to morph and to even up the score . No one can ever take them down the power lies on their siiiide . Go Go Power Rangers Go Go Power Rangers Go Go Power Rangers Mighty Morphin ' Power Rangers 
10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 Rangers in Space ! Blast controls to outer space , Now Flying Higher than ever before Rangers ... in space ! ( Go ) Power Ranger ( Go ) Power Rangers ( Go ) Power Rangers Go , go , go , fly 
I wanna be the very best , Like no one ever was . To catch them is my real test , To train them is my cause . I will travel across the land , Searching far and wide . Teach Pokemon to understand , The power that's inside . POKEMON ! ( GOTTA CATCH'EM ALL ! ) It's you and me ! I know it's my < PROPFEMALE > ! POKEMON ! 
Wants all of his friends to know , if your going through a rough time , like a bad break up , or loss of a loved one or something , and you feel like shit or something , text me , its one of the reasons im here , to try and help my friends the best i can . SO TEXT ME if something is really bothering you , seriously i want to help if i can .. 
Feels like his brain went on vacation and took his mind with it . 
Has is fighting a losing battle with his emotions , a fight he is slowly losing every day , this school year being the most trying and stressful yet , is proving to still have some more trying and stressful times planned for these last weeks . He hopes he can make it through this school year , his phone will be with him for those that want to talk to him . 
is about to do one of two things . A : Find a really large lightning < PROPMALE > and walk around with it outside , or B : Go lay down somewhere knowing his phone probably wont make any noise or anything . Which will he descide , doesnt matter considering most of the people on facebook wont notice or care . 
Is truly wondering if he needs to start drafting his last will and testament , at the rate his family is going , he feels , rather is afraid he will need it within the next few years . Apparently the < PROPMALE > family isn't meant to continue on for many more generations . 
Is about to go recklessly drive the golf cart , hopes he doesnt crash at like two < PROPMALE > an hour , text him if you want to talk 
Truly , truly wishes he was NOT a < PROPMALE > , that way he wouldn't have the < PROPMALE > Short Temper , Curse ( being some life-long disease or condition ) , Bad memory , none of it . And he especially wishes he was NOT the son of one of the < PROPMALE > who not only is beyond Bipolar but has the SHORTEST temper in the entire Family . Then MAYBE , he might have a better life . JUST MAYBE !! Mood : Extrememly Annoyed and Pissed . 
Doesn't feel good , he hasn't really felt good for a long time , so he's going to go lay down and stuff . 
Knows that we all try to help everyone we can , so that in the end the ones we truly helped , was really ourselves . 
Is worried he is actually going to lose what sense he has . Since he can't seem to get enough sleep for his mind stays busy , thinking about his newest friends , among all of the other things that cloud his mind . He knows at this rate , insanity or death , is only a few blocks away .. 
Out manuvered a SUV on a golf cart . Pretty fun driving , but very dangerous , KIDS DONT TRY THAT AT HOME !! 
If a tree falls in the < PROPMALE > , and no one was around to hear it , would someone even care that you were laying under that tree ? 
Hasn't lost his mind , simply doesn't know where it is . 
Hates himself sometimes , hates a lot of things a lot of times . But right now , he really hates not having with him those he wants , not being with all of those he cares about , not knowing his worth to them , not ..... there are a lot of things he hates a lot of times . And now he hates just a few more .. 
Knows that people are considered family commonly based on either blood relations or legality ( marriage , adoption , etc . ) However , he know's these are just the commonly accepted means by which people are family , but are not the only ways . Someone can be considered your family if you and they accept this , are unofficially adopted by you or your family , or simply saw as and treated as family . 
needs a serious distraction from things to help keep him from going any crazier , trying to build ( rather help build ) an actual working video communicator wrist watch , might prove to be a small but well needed distraction 
was feeling somewhat guilty and annoyed , but now he feels hot , tired , and relieved his dad didnt buy peacocks , he got ginnies instead , either way , he never seen a young peacock or < PROPFEMALE > before , so he wasnt sure . 
Really wished he could tell certain people what he wants to tell them , hear what he wants to hear from them , given them something he wished he could give them . Sadly he could probably move the stars themselves before some of those things happens ...... 
Knows he needs an emotional release , but whenever one tries forcing itself on him , he fights to control and suppress it ; whenever he causes one himself , generally not purposely , he again fights for control and suppresses it . True he knows this is not good nor safe , yet he does it anyway . But what can he do , allow himself to circum to thoughts that will never become a reality . 
Was pushed beyond his ability to control his emotions by the loss of a small life , a life that should not have been lost , but because of a series of events , some unfortunate , it was . Causing an unexpected emotional response , one that proved too much to handle . This small life known to him only for a short while had a far greater impact than he ever expected possible . 
Misses seeing some of his closer friends , wishing he could talk to them more , < PROPFEMALE > out with them , or something , sadly that's not very possible , so his mind becomes filled with thoughts about them . 
Wants to punch this window sometimes . 
Thinks Facebook should be considered a torture device ... 
Wonders if he is stupid , dumb , daft , mad , or something else . He just got finished walking back from some friends ' trailer near the Krogers on Ferguson , after walkin to that trailer to make sure they got home safely . Please Comment With Your Opinion . 
No , we cannot see\ 
Who are we , to look to\ 
No , it cannot hear\ 
What is to believe in\ 
And we keep dreamin ' of a world\ 
Where all that's good so we were told\ 
We need a hero\ 
And we keep dreamin ' of a time\ 
Where good is all that we can find\ 
We need a ... \ 
Hero 
Really wants to see certain people , or atleast talk to them , but instead he tortures himself with thoughts and pictures he sees of them in recent activities , now he fights an internal fire thats trying to burn him up inside while badly wanting to smash his head through a window or chop down a tree with an axe .. 
Is getting really annoyed by events in life and other things , but atleast < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > will be back in town soon , can't wait to see them . However , he doesn't want to cause trouble with someone at the Lodge , upon their return . 
Is extremely ...... hungry !?!?!?!?, He guesses his appetite's back , after a week or so of barely eating , maybe now he can actually finish a meal . Maybe he should duct tape his appettite down somewhere so it won't go away again . 
Had a pretty trying weekend so far , hopefully tomorrow won't be so bad ... 
Hates these weak internet connections , People text me please , i will respond , when i find my phone , 
Thought life what getting back on track , then this weekend proves that there is no track , that life isn't so much a rollercoaster as it's a kite in the ever turbulent winds of the world . With its ups , downs , light breezes up to its < PROPFIRST > force winds . 
Will be attending < PROPFEMALE > Tech later this year . ( Classes start September 30th ) Wishes he could visit friends at Jenkins when school starts back , but knows that would just cause him problems .. 
Wants to wish all of his friends that are returning to Jenkins tomorrow a good day and good school year , he may go visit , who knows . Good luck everyone . 
Today has been one of the worse days this summer yet . I guess the sayings \Bros Before Hoes\ " Doesnt mean much anymore . God parts of today sucked . " 
Started his < PROPFEMALE > Tech classes today , so far Psychology is okay , and Computer Concepts , the 20 minutes he was in it , seems easy . Tomorrow he goes to Math and English , sadly they are on separate floors with only 10 mins to get from 1 floor to the other . Maybe he will make it through all of this . Only time will tell . And time isnt very talkative . 
Swears the World's out to torture him . Including here on Facebook . 
thanks everyone 
Is questioning if there is enough left here for him to make carrying all of this weight worth it . So far he's doubting it , the future he sees isn't one that seems worth waiting for . Maybe this is just a period that will pass if not then my dad's prediction of a demise around age 30 maybe a few years off ... 
Its so hard to deal with the problems of life , when they won't freaking stand in a freaking straight line !!! 
If anyone plans to see the new < PROPMALE > potter . Watch the 6th one if you haven't yet . 
Is having to go to the Court House tomorrow !!! For Jury Duty , maybe he won't be picked , despite the fact that he fits the < PROPMALE > for most of the different Courts ' \ideal\ " jurer .... So not looking forward to this week .... " 
Is glad he is done with his court case . It could have taken nearly 4 days . But half of the witnesses didn't show up during the second day . 
Says \being sick sucks !! \"" 
Constantly searches for answers . Sometimes finding the answer before even knowing the what the question is . 
This seriously sucks . My house got broken into !!!!!! 
Can't anyone keep their fucking promise to me ?!?!?!? 
A war was started with a flurry if emotions ant words but now bodies used as walls keeps the fists from flying . One battle that was won has my dad going to get 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all . Especially to those I miss and won't see today . Tomorrow probably not even next year . 
Is tired of people lying to him ... even if its to protect him . 
Wonders why have enemies when you have friends 
It sucks knowing something that you can't tell your family and therefore the one person that can really help you right now can't cause they don't know ... yet . 
Atlas had to hold the weight of the world on his shoulders as punishment for trying to destroy the gods . What have I done to deserve the same punishment . 
If your having a great day and you are in a good mood and for whatever reason you don't want to be anymore . Come talk to my dad 
Is it considered a solution when you just avoid the problem ? 
Boredom- the number one killer of good days . Symptoms include having nothing to do , no one to see or talk too , no where to go . There are no cures for boredom bu 
Hates this . 
Wonders why the confines of an empty truck is better than the comforts of the house next to it or a place like the mall or anywhere for that matter . 
I really need a vacation 
45 minutes after I park I finally get out of the truck 
Hates that he can't talk to certain people because he knows what it would lead too . 
I swear I have a panic anxiety disorder and its killing me . 
No matter how many times I hit the back button I cant undo mistakes . No matter how many times I hit refresh I can't start over . 
No matter how many times I hit the back button I can't undo mistakes . No matter how many times I refresh I can't start over . I can't book < PROPFIRST > a good time in my life and go to it whenever . Lifes not the internet , I can search all day and night but I can't always find the answers . I can't always figure out what to do or go back to better times . All I can do is keep moving forward . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is the only person that has roses stop and smell him . 
< PROPMALE > may have parted the red sea but < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can part the red wood < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is the only person that can fall up stairs . If he wants to . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > called NASA in 1969 and told them they didn't ask his permission to go to the < PROPFEMALE > so they had to go to Hollywood and fake it . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > taught < PROPFIRST > all his trades . 
The reason aliens hasn't made contact with us is because in the 1950s when they crashed in roswell . They made < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > spill his drink . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > built the pyramids in Egypt and made stone hinge . Just so he could keep people busy so they wouldn't have time to make anymore < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > jokes . 
Wonders what the signs of insanity are . Feel free to comment . ( aka most likely no one ) 
So whats a good stress reliever ? Because I really need one . 
Hates the physical discomfort brought on by his obsessive mind . 
My knuckles are read and my arm hurts . Any guesses why ? 
My knuckles are read and my arm hurts .... any guesses why ?... here's a hint I don't play the Wii system . For those that actually read my statuses ... 
It seems that some of the people that call me friend or that are my family has little care or remorse about disrespecting lying to or even betraying me .. 
Really needs a vacation . He is extremely tired of the bs from people . Some which are his family and others are his so-called friends . 
Why don't people up hold the bros before hoes cliche . It's one of the view I do follow and believe in . But clearly so few still do . It's all about sex now nothing else . Comment if you disagree ( or agree ) 
Likes saying its hot in Alaska and cold in the Sahara . 
I have the right to know things . I have the right to ask questions . And I damn sure have to right to react the way I fucking want when i hear of betrayal . 
Woman : excuse me sir your nose is running . \ 
Me : thanks but its not running . It's crying . \ 
Woman : ( confused ) why ? \ 
Me : I .... \ 
Comment if you want to know why . 
I just finished my two man talisman game which lasted 5 1/2 hours !!! We actually got too strong that the game wouldn't let us keep going . So we did anyway . Lol 
Truly wonders if he'd make a good father . Comment with your opinions . Be truthful . 
I want to move to the < PROPFEMALE > . Because atleast there I don't have to worry about all of the dumbasses of the world below . 
I'm the enemy of fun !!! I'm not allowed to laugh in this card game 
Lifes not fair . But its not supposed to , which simply means its even harder being someone like me .. 
