Is back in Chicago ! 

All three of my sidebar ads are currently about meeting girls . I think Facebook pities me ... :( 
has the most melodramatic sister in the world ... 
is going to nuke the site from orbit . It's the only way to be sure . 
misses Ithacan winters . Hot weather sucks . Chicago better be a freezer . 
had a dream come true ! Last night I dreamt about eating a cinnamon bun , and today I ate a cinnamon bun ! 
Holy Crap ! Godiva's has a rewards program that lets you get a free chocolate from the store every month ! How awesome is that ? 
is glad < PROPMALE > has taken responsibility for what happened . Don't worry , < PROPMALE > , I'm not mad at you ! 
starts his job tomorrow . Goodbye Freetimesville , hello Moneytown Station ! 
is liking the new job so far . Of course , the kids have yet to arrive ... 
just played Quidditch . It was awesome . 
wonders whether love can bloom , even on a battlefield . 
Hey my Rhode Island friends . What rocks to do in Providence and what's the best Italian place in the city ? 
actually danced at a dance . It was fun . 
had a great day off ... 
is my name and I'm here to say , I have the symptoms of an awesome day ! 
can't help but smile . 
doesn't want to say goodbye next week . : ( 
is one iteration closer to his desired solution ! 
had a pretty good day : kayaking , bughouse dodgeball , four-square , and lap tag . Plus good conversation ... 
is going to miss you . 
is out getting the paper ... before the monsters do , am I right ? 
wants a cottage cheese and pastrami sandwich on banana bread , even if it severely ruins your reputation ! 
knows that if we tie our houses together , the world will revolve around us ! 
is off Monday , August 3 . Anyone want to do something then ? 
thinks he'll start a Prussia-style diary , and this status update will remind him of his choice until he finally acts upon it . 
started a Prussia-style diary . Huh ... that didn't take long at all . http://todayiwassoawesome.wordpress.com/ 
is about to lead an activity on Dating Etiquette ... wish me luck . 
is currently preptastic . 
is sad the weekend is here ... Can't wait for Sunday , 7pm . 
is going to a research reactor tomorrow , yay ! 
is impressed that the ads on the side of FB are getting relevant without being offensively so ... finally . I've got an ad for a book I like , a band I like , and a movie by an animator I like . Yay ! 
wants to be asleep and isn't . Damn you , no t-t errible work ethic ! 
is done ! Hooray ! 
grew bolder day by day . 
is thinking tonight of his old college town ... 
is looking forward to his new college town . 
is all set for tomorrow ! 
looks a lot more like a young Lenin with his ushanka than he ever realized . 
is a doctor , not a writer of witty status updates , damnit ! 
has to start planning his thesis ... 
loved Norm MacDonald ! 
wishes he were in Ithaca . : ( 
wishes all of his Cornellian friends good luck tomorrow ! Enjoy it , it's a wonderful place . 
wishes everyone a happy first day of classes yayyyyyyy ! 
finds fiction much more interesting when you imagine the same actors and voice actors to be the same people instead of different characters . Holy crap , Toph's father is Liquid Snake ! Hey look , Obi-Wan Kenobi is helping < PROPMALE > Quixote liberate the Arabs in WWI ! 
never gives up , never surrenders ! 
has the same Spring Break as < PROPMALE > ! If any < PROPMALE > ians want a super awesome place to visit during their Spring Break , keep Chicago in mind ... 
wants a fat little shetland pony who will complete missions for me ... 
knows he wants to be Canadian , please . 
leaves for Chicago tomorrow . Can't wait ! Now if only the magical packing < PROPFEMALE > would visit me ... 
is in Chicago , yay ! He still misses < PROPMALE > , though ... 
finally has apartment pictures up . 
just had a great day . 
didn't know the chemicals in jalapeno peppers could make your bare skin feel kinda burny . Huh . 
has finally started orientation ! Seems pretty good so far . 
has finally ended orientation ! That was fast ... Perspectives in Social Science , Historical Methods , and Early Modern England will be my classes this quarter , it seems . 
is getting better at resisting the urge to Ragequit . 
You can ask me one question ( Send it to my inbox ) . Any question- anything . No matter how awkward it can be I'll answer it honestly , no catch . But , I dare you to put this as your status and see what people ask you . ( I can't resist dares ... ) 
had a MUCH better first day of classes than he expected . 
wonders whether anyone's ever done an etymological history of onomatopoeia . Why did \oink\ " become so popular when most pigs I've seen go \ " reeee\ " ? Why did \ " fap\ " become so popular ? Is it accuracy or something else ? A most interesting question ... Any linguistics majors in need of a paper topic ? " 
is in love with a girl named Saigon Sizzle Stir-Fry Sauce ... Damn that stuff is delicious . 
just realized he has no classes Friday this week . Yay ! 
wishes he and his friends could burst into random song and dance like in musicals ... 
wants to thank the Tabasco company for listing the Scoville Heat Units of its products , and thinks all spicy food makers should follow suit . 
thinks he'll apply to Pigfarts for next year . 
recently realized there's a large whole in his theoretical structure of life . It may be a few interations before he has a working solution . 
is one iteration closer to his desired solution . 
wishes he were in Ithaca . They get snow ... 
is enjoying Chicago immensely . If only time were passing a little more slowly . 
is feeling rather Odinesque today ... in a Ragnarok sorta way . 
thinks he's going to make truffles tomorrow ... FOR SCIENCE ! 
' s ganache is delicious . 
gave up on being a productive member of society when he left engineering , OK Social Sciences ? Just let me write about cool people . I don't want to think about how my topic benefits anyone . 
just hit a wall of work . 
associates Russian classical composers with Christmas , for some reason . Not just the Nutcracker stuff , either . It's a bit odd ... Especially since everyone knows < PROPFEMALE > lives in Finland , not Russia . 
PONY ! 
Alright Holst , listen up . I'm going to see your music tomorrow and I don't want anything supernatural to prevent it , got it ? I'm sick of your crap . 
loves Holst oh so much . 
is done with the MAPSS midterm and much happier because of it . 
feels like a koala crapped a rainbow in his brain ! 
has too many unknowns to solve his equations , but he'll never stop trying . 
gazed upon the face of the Savior of the Monkeys and wept from the beauty of the sight . 
remembers a time when he was able to easily find classes because the school actually had its shit together and managed to have a central location with all the course descriptions . 
is filling his diaries with references to dinosaurs and Bigfoot . This way , when the world ends and future historians have only my diary for primary sources , they'll think that at least the world was awesome before it ended . If you care about tricking the future into believing our < PROPFEMALE > was the awesomest ever , I encourage you to do the same . Together , we can do it ! 
just found out Megas XLR is on iTunes ! Life just got a little bit more awesome . 
digs giant robots . 
is ready to begin his day fueled with the power of french toast ! Readings : prepare to be read ... 
lernas Esperanton ! 
amas lerni novaj lingvoj ! 
just got his mind blown . Apparently < PROPFEMALE > from Salute Your Shorts , the < PROPMALE > girl , was played by a Chinese-American actress . I totally never noticed that . Ever . Thank you , www.tvtropes.org for once again , showing that I have a terrible memory . 
dreads his mortality as he walks the empty aisles of a library , admiring the volumes , yet knowing his life will never last long enough for him to enjoy them all . 
wants to get out of Hyde Park . 
should just become a chef . 
danced again last night . This is starting to become a pattern ... 
has chourico ! The tastiest , most delicious meat known to mankind ! And I'm going to eat the crap out of it ! 
is thankful for all his wonderful friends ! Happy Thanksgiving , everyone ! I wish I could spend it with every one of you . 
reads from his past and mourns the future . 
Dear end-of-the-quarter assignments , I hate your stinking guts . Love , < PROPFIRST > 
Good morning ! And in case I don't see ya , good afternoon , good evening , and good night ! 
Well crap . My computer's software is currently corrupted or something and won't work . Right before my two Hell Weeks begin . Wheeee ... Anyone in Chicago have a copy of their Windows XP Professional edition CD I can borrow to reinstall stuff ? 
Just did the research and writing for his 12 < PROPFEMALE > term paper in 48 hours . Revision time ! 
I have enemies ? I thought these things always just happened ... 
27F , feels like 14F .... Ah ! It's like being in Ithaca again ! It feels wonderful ! And yes , < PROPFEMALE > Chee , I am crazy . 
RIP < PROPMALE > 9000 ... I think your successor will be named Metal Gear . 
One paper submitted , two to go . 
feels weird being in the library during Finals Week as a patron ... 
has finished his skeleton drafts , hooray ! Suck it , essays ! 
< PROPMALE > is alive once again ! Just in time for 2010 , conveniently enough . Not sure if I'm gonna keep him , cuz he's now missing MS Word , but eh , he has internet . 
Holy crap this is hilarious : http://www.standforchristmas.com/pages/home Just read these reviews . What bigoted morons think like this ? Read the \Offensive\ " ones . They're the best . " 
is starting to wonder whether his eyes reflect light in the near-infrared spectrum or something that's just out of sight for humans but visible to cameras , cuz man , if I only had photos to go by I would swear my eyes are red . 
And now all I have to do is pack ! Hooray ! One quarter down , two to go ! 
I'm home , wheee ! 
Happy 150th Birthday , Mr Zamenhof ! Thanks for the language ! 
wants to be the very best ! Like no one ever was ! 
Let's see how honest MY FB friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... 
is beginning to miss Chicago and his friends there ... 
A bit of Christmas cuteness : http://www.watchanimeon.com/axis-powers-hetalia-ii-episode-28/ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! 
' s New Year's Resolution is to negate everyone else's resolutions . 
returns to Chicago tomorrow ! Yay ! 
First day of classes for a new quarter ! I hope no suddenly loud girls give me coronary thrombosis like last quarter ... 
The Portuguese pronounce X like SH ? Damnit , is it THEIR fault Romanized Chinese does the same ? I always wondered who to blame for that . 
wonders whether Professor Johns would let him write a term paper on fanfictions using theories from the readings ... 
has a few excellent weekends coming up . Rock on ! 
Holy mother microfilm is a bitch on the eyes . Dear 1890 , learn to write normal Ms and Ns . Yours look like Ws and Us . 
Welche bluse magst du lieber , diese oder diese ? 
Come on Massachusetts ! You guys are supposed to be New English ! What happened ? 
Can't wait for next weekend , even if he is getting evaluated ! 
Anyone wanna see The Fly on Wednesday ? It'll be awesome ... 
Off to the < PROPMALE > museum ! Sorry Proposal , I'll work on you later ... probably ... 
Whutta whutta whutta whutta ... 
Can't wait for Friday ! So many awesome girls in one place ... 
Is off to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and Yuanye Zhou ! And I got an awesome gift in the mail today ! And I learned how to construct a book wheel . Today is just , like , mega-awesome ! 
is so sleepy ... 
Geez 18th Century Britons , if you love < PROPMALE > the Great so much , why don't you just marry him ? 
Is looking forward to the weekend . 
Holy crap ! Hiero II of Syracuse was a former general of Pyrrhus of Epirus ! I never knew that ! Hiero has the official title of Awesomest Friendhaver in the Ancient World now , so far as I'm concerned . Pyrrhus and Archimedes , at least ! Go Hiero ! You're MY hero ! 
is made sad by proposals . : ( Is Monday too early to begin wishing for the weekend ? 
Hooray ! I not only get to fill out crappy application paperwork , but it must be done auf Deutsch ! Wow , this is not at all annoying . 
wishes a Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all those for whom he cares ! I hope all my friends know how much they mean to me ! 
loves < PROPMALE > Bryson's sense of humor . Read his books . 
never knew that men's figure skating was catnip for girls . Geez ... 
Why does no one use the term Solidus for the / < PROPFIRST > ? It's such an awesome name . 
just killed a daemon . 
Looks like I'm going back to Bristol again for CTY as an RA . 
thinks hangovers should be called Wine Flu . 
If you play MMOs , read this : http://www.cracked.com/article_18461_5-creepy-ways-video-games-are-trying-to-get-you-addicted.html 
Curse you , addictive video games . 
Sure is glad his professors are as jerkish and abusive as possible when they hand out bad grades . Thanks , Prof ! 
So many things are uncertain , but one thing is stable , and that makes all the difference . 
My computer seems to have the only speakers in the world that hit the resonance frequency of my eardrum . 
Damn April Fools ' ... 
just had the greatest day ! 
< PROPMALE > bears improve sleep , I've discovered . 
Does anyone know about books on the Uncanny Valley ? 
is introducing the world to the Uncanny Valley , one nightmare at a time . 
is going to be back in Providence next year , it looks like . 
Happy National Library Week ! Be sure to tell a librarian , or a former librarian : ) , how awesome they are ! 
Reading through FB status updates , I'm starting to understand French Revolutionaries a bit more . 
Dear UChi students : if a computer has a special peripheral device , and you do not need that device , and there are other computers available , DO NOT USE THAT COMPUTER ! Thanks . 
is voting for < PROPFIRST > Sears in 2012 ! 
Any of my Chicago friends want to hear some awesome music with me Wednesday night AND get yummy soup ? 
Damn you trichinobezoars ! 
I can't wait for Saturday . 
I get to visit all my friends from the ocean soon , yay ! 
I'm pretty sure if there were a machine in my room that dispensed infinite bacon on command , I'd be dead by now . 
What do you think would be the hardest topic to make a comedy about ? 
Mahna mahna . 
F *** you , Sun ! 
Thank you for the birthday wishes , everyone ! 
I love ducklings ! 
I hate you essay ! 
proposes that personal music players no longer be given speakers . Dear everyone : your music sucks . Don't make me hear it . 
Hy vants a sammich ! 
Google Chrome thinks Esperanto is Slovak ... :( 
I'm so lucky and so happy . 
A kid on the subway saw Yuanye and I today . Later , his mom told us that when he saw us , he said to her in an awed voice , \I'm watching a love story . \ " :) " 
Hey RI girls , anyone want a three week gig as an RA for CTY ? Starts Thursday . Pays $1300 I think . Lemme know . By the way , includes 3 weeks of free housing and 3 free great meals a day , as well as free gym , library , and kayak access at < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
At CTY ! 
How come there's no database of like , all those awesome friends we all have who are single and want to be in a relationship but can't find one despite their awesomeness ? Like , a Match.com that requires a letter of recommendation , you know ? 
Initial Roulette Wheel feasibility tests have been successful . 
I hate you , Carnival , so much . 
Roulette Wheel works ! And they called me Mad ! I showed them , I showed them all ! 
and then Stukus slept for a year and a day , he was so tired . 
CTY makes me feel crotchety . Also , the residents think I look like < PROPMALE > the werewolf . 
\Let's be realists . Let's dream the impossible . \"- Che Guevara " 
Laser Tag rocked ! 
Dear body , 11pm is a totally cool time to feel tired and fall asleep . Give it a try sometime . Love , Stukus 
Academic staff knows how to have fun . 
My Tiverton friends , a truly awesome person is visiting August 7 to 16 , so you should < PROPFEMALE > out with us at some point . < PROPFIRST > your calendars ! 
I'm way too quotable . Anyone have favorite Stukus quotes ? 
I have an excuse to wear my ushanka Sunday ! Yay ! 
I feel like if I tried , tried REALLY hard , to come up with stupid stuff to do , I wouldn't come close to the stupidity of the stupid stuff my residents just come up with naturally and file into the \good ideas\ " folder of the brain . Jesus Christ ... " 
It seems that anytime one awesome things exits my life for a bit a new one comes in . I feel so lucky to have such a great life . Thanks CTY coworkers . You guys all rock ! 
Yuanye's here ! Awesome ! 
Saturday night : had dinner at < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE>'s , went for a gondola ride during Waterfire , and popped the question . Yuanye said yes . We're engaged ! 
Now that I'm engaged , I get to start bothering other people about their own marital plans ! Hooray ! 
New computer ! Yay ! 
I'm so proud of my lao pua . :) 
Anyone know good online resources for learning Mandarin ? 
I seriously just want to move in . :( 
All because two people fell in love ... 
So does Teavana advertise a lot , or does Google just think I'm a fanatic and keep popping this ads up ? Cuz seriously , I'm being followed by this stalkerish , axe-murderer advertisement right now . 
Damn , university libraries spoiled me , and everything else apparently sucks . :( 
Turns out I can get a PC library card for the year . Yay ! 
Man , no one cares about Greek Sicily . 
It's not the twelve hour workday I mind most , it's the hour long commute ... 
The future apartment of the future Mrs Stukus and I looks wonderful . 
Well , I guess it's a fun weekend , but not as productive as I'd have liked . 
I actually like this explanation for the existence of evil in the world : http://wondermark.com/659/ It makes our world so much cooler . 
So our < PROPMALE > came in . It's $8.21 . Man , I don't think we can afford electricity . 
Curse you , minor sources . 
I dreamt about a game I wish I knew how to play ... :( 
I like how a tangent in a minor aside in my thesis is currently requiring three sources and I'll have to check metal prices , too , in order to compute something . My professors must find my asides bizarre , but who wouldn't want to know how much Sostratus made ? 
http://www.odemagazine.com/doc/70/Your-brain-is-a-rain-forest/ 
I like it with extensive anecdotes . 
I found Godiva inspiration . Who wants pumpkin and liqueur truffles in a few weeks ? 
Listening to the new < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > CD . Makes me smile after a long day . :) 
Now my white ushanka has a friend ! 
First job application submitted ! 
Man , I make a good Che . 
Well after a few months of writing my thesis , job applications , & c , it's kinda nice to be writing wedding vows . They're much more fun to come up with . <3 
Have I mentioned that I love my thesis advisor ? Because I love my thesis advisor . 
Mouse just died to death in our apartment . Apparently he grew weary of life . 
Surrounded by incompetence . 
I'll miss you , everyone . 
So thesis has been officially accepted . A grade on the thesis , 3.52 final GPA for UChicago . Now I just have to wait until March to graduate ... 
Finally got my autographed kazoo from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! Might try seeing how kids respond to it as a quiet-down-and-pay-attention device . Otherwise , hope everyone likes kazoo concerts ! 
Sore but happy . :) 
is thankful for all his friends and his fiance . 
Am I the only one who finds pardoning Turkeys to be really creepy ? It changes eating Turkey from a predator-prey relationship to a world in which existing as a Turkey is a capital offense , punishable with ingestion . How bizarre ... 
I hope everyone in City Year enjoys their Monday of not-relaxing-at-home . Sadly , I can't partake in it . 
I want a pet owl . 
No Shave November is over and I'm back to my old handsome self once again . 
All I want for Christmas is you . <3 
Before mint , was there another scent we associated with freshness ? Or was mint the first ? With the rise of lemon-scented cleaners , will we soon demand citrusy mouthwash and gum to scent our breath ? Has that already happened ? 
Pfft , the GRE is getting an on-screen calculator ? What sort of user friendliness is this ? I demand all math be done mentally , in base 13 math , while walking up hills in blizzard conditions ! 
34 Days . 
Happy Esperanto Day ! 
Getting my hair cut tomorrow ! Can't wait ! Now I won't get mistaken for a Communist guerilla anymore ! 
I'm so in love . Only 26 more days until I'm with my fiancee . I can't wait to start my new life . 
If anyone wants a Providence apartment until June , let me know . 
I won't get the Christmas present I want the most until January 14th , but until then , I'm looking forward to Christmas , anyway . 
The weather hates my attempts to see the Boston Pops . 
Got my apartment sorted out and a new job for < PROPFIRST > . Things are going well ! 
As usual , my New Year's Resolution is to negate and counteract all other resolutions ! 
I knew it , I called it , I just knew it was gonna happen . Once again , stupidity surrounds me like the ocean around a drowning man . 
Sometimes I worry I could have ended up a mad scientist had I stayed in a dangerous < PROPMALE > ... 
Taking an SAT today ! Let's see how it goes ... 
One more week ! 
My mom's getting remarried today , yay ! 
So in case I'm forgetting something , what are the most important things to bring when you're moving ? 
Tomorrow I'll be in Texas ! <3 
Today's the day ! Goodbye New England , Hello Texas ! 
I'm in < PROPFIRST > with the best girl ever ! 
Just dropped off my fiancee at work for the first time ... 
Just got the marriage license ! 
Anyone know any good craft beer stores around < PROPFIRST > , TX ? 
So to anyone looking to improve their friendship score with me , next time someone calls your name , like for attendance or something , reply with , \Tastes like your momma's kisses . \ " And then we will be better friends . " 
Tuesday ! 
Just had a delicious anniversary dinner with my soon-to-be-wife . Yay ! 
Is Married ! 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > Year ! 
Good luck at the Grammys , < PROPFIRST > Tin ! 
Paperwork mailed in . Finally ! 
I wanna be the very best , like no one ever was . 
Heirloom tomato BLT was a success . :) 
Would you rather have humanity's genes or humanity's memes survive the end of the world ? 
