finally getting back to me .... and loving it ! 

so excited to be off work tomorrow ... spending the day with my favorite little girl in the whole world !! 
has to ... wrap presents , go get more stuff for my baby's party at school tomorrow , cook for my party at work tomorrow and clean house ... so much to do , so past my bed time ! 
fixing to go to Chrissy-poohs for a movie & dinner night with the girls .... and the kids !! 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > watching a Christmas movie ... 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !! 
A new year is the perfect time to make changes and I need some < PROPMALE > changes ! Looking forward to 2011 ! 
really wishes I could stay in bed until Monday and be nice and cozy but I can't .... enjoying some hot chocolate ! 
I karate chopped a phone riding a motorcycle because I'm AWESOME ! 
doing some < PROPMALE > house cleaning today ! 
waiting on AK to get here ... we are both kid free ! Girls Night !! 
had a wonderful time last night/this morning !! 
is still freezing from going to the parade .... getting ready then me and < PROPFIRST > are going out with AK and < PROPFIRST > ! Fun Fun 
thinks if < PROPFIRST > does not go to sleep soon I might be forced to tape his mouth shut ! 
has decided to have a nice relaxing day with a little t.v. and a new book ... 
great play Saints !!!! 
can't fall asleep at night and can't wake up in the mornings ... my sleeping habits are all jacked up ! 
what a horrible day ! 
“You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see , but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel . ” 
St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day Parade and Italian Festival ..... busy busy weekend ! 
having another great weekend with my favorite people ! Loving the weather ! 
so far this week is slow and boring ... blah blah blah ! 
looking forward to my girls night out with AK and D-ckel tomorrow night !! 
is completly drained from last night .... part of me want to go to sleep now and sleep til noon tomorrow and the other part of my kinda wants to do it all over again .... whats a girl to do ! 
sometimes a girl just needs her best friend ! 
really wants to go to the movies and get some sushi !! 
going to pick up my baby love .... she has been at her dads since Thurs night and I miss my little punkin !! 
what a day .... 
it really , really sucks that it is raining today ... 
While I was getting my little lovey dressed in her new hot pink tu-tu skirt this morning she started twirling around smiling and told me that I was the best mommy anyone could ever have ! I should buy her a new outfit everyday ! 
Is extreamly exhausted from the past couple days .... took a long nap today and now I cant go to sleep ! 
AHH ! 
really enjoyed watching The < PROPFEMALE > and The Frog at the library with my little lovey ! 
really wants to find something to do outside today ... it's soooo pretty ! 
Happy Easter !! Getting me and my little lovey ready for church ! 
bbqing with the family ! 
I JUST WANT TO SLEEP !!!! 
You change your life by changing your heart ... 
It is a beautiful day .... trying to figure out what to do 
spending the day out and about shopping with my favorite people , Ambuh and Chrissy-pooh !! 
Loves , loves , loves , loves .... people ! 
is super duper sleepy .... I need to catch up on some sleep ! 
(¯`* • . ¸ , ¤°´`°¤ , ¸ . • *´¯) IT'S DAUGHTER WEEK ! If you have a daughter(s ) who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and make life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status . ? Your daughters will outgrow your lap , but never your heart ...? (¯`* • . ¸ , ¤°´`°¤ , ¸ . • *´¯) 
Me and my little lovey went to see Diary of a Whimpy Kid and it was so cute .... we also got the whole theater to ourselves ! 
getting me and my little lovey ready for her field trip to the zoo today ! So blessed to be able to take off work and enjoy the day with her ! 
A mother's work is never done ! 
has been going non-stop since Wednesday .... I need a break ! 
it's an energy drink kind of morning ..... work then lsu baseball game tonight !! 
had a great time at the game ! 
bbq with the family .... missing my little lovey :( 
finally having a much needed relaxing day ... fixing to watch some movies . Missing my little lovey <3 
What a beautiful day ! 
Had a great day and now I am super tierd ! It's def going to be hard getting up in the morning .... 
getting me and my little lovey ready for the day .... def going to bed super early tonight ! 
Nothing better than grandmas cheese grits for breakfast ! Getting ready for work .... 
Was planning on staying at home and doing boring stuff like wash clothes ( blah ) but how could I turn down a night with great friends :) 
Work til 12 then Biloxi with Ambuh for her bday weekend ! 
should def be sleeping but even though I am tired my mind is on full blast .... 
def going to be an early night tonight .... super duper sleepy ! 
really enjoyed the game tonight .... sleepy as usual ... so excited that all of my movies I use to watch when I was little with my mom and dad came in , now it's my turn to watch them with my baby ! Gotta teach her about the classics , lol 
Super excited that me and AK are taking the kids to Disney on Ice tomorrow night !! Thanks AK !!!!!! 
Work then Disney in Ice tonight with my Little Lovey , AK , and her girls ! It's going to be an awesome day ! ** Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference ** 
Absolutely LOVED Disney on Ice ! It was AWESOME ! My little lovey was so excited to see the princesses . I think I enjoyed it more than the kids . Thanks again AK for the tickets !!!!!!! 
Getting ready to go .... 
Happy Monther's Day !!! 
Is going to have a good day today no matter who tries to ruin it ! I just have to keep telling myself that it is in God's hands and I have faith that He will work it all out ! 
my Little Lovey is graduating pre-k tomorrow ! I am so excited ! Celebrating with steaks after !! 
Getting ready for my Little Loveys graduation then steaks after !! So glad that I am off of work so I can spend the day with her today <3 
had the best day EVER !! 
Getting my baby ready for a tea party !! 
Work ..... 
“Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars . You have to let go at some point in order to move forward . ” 
trying to decide what me and my baby are going to do today .... 
It's gonna be a great day ! Looking forward to spending time with the girls tonight . Can't wait for my little Angel Face to come home .... I miss her ! 
Trying to figure out what to do tonight .... 
fixing to start cleaning my car , inside & out , then going to get my angel face ... I miss her ! 
getting ready for my girls day with my angel face ... we are going to get mani's & pedi's , going to the movies and out to eat ... I LOVE HER <3 
Is going to have a great week darnit ! 
Can not sleep .... def going to get my energy drink fix in the a.m. to make it through the day tomorrow ! 
Wants to go see Sex and the City 2 sooooo flippin ' bad !! 
So glad it is Friday ! Work today , out tonight , then shopping with my angel face tomorrow ... It's going to be a good weekend ! 
Getting ready to go out with some of my favorite girls !!! Wishes < PROPFEMALE > was here !!!!! 
Is just wonderful !! 
Misses the days when you didn't go to the gas station with out picking up your best friend for the ride .... 
It has been such a slow week at work ... Super happy tomorrow is Friday ! Looking forward to the next few weekends though ... can't wait for TEXAS !! 
FRIDAY !!! 
I am very thankful to have so many great friends who are always there when I need them !! 
Super Duper Excited !!! 
Soooo much to do today and sooo little time !! Off to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ... Pageant time for my Angel Face <3 
Is super proud of my baby doing so good in her pageant and WINNING !! 
Back to work ... Cant wait til my Angel Face and I head to Texas this weekend to visit our BFF's!!!! 
I want to go see ECLIPSE !!! 
Having a crazy busy day at work but only have an hour left ! Glad it's Friday ! 
So I get in my car to come to work this morning and when I turn around to back out there is gum melted all on my backseat ... Kids are wonderful ! 
Washing clothes then packing to go to Texas for the weekend !! 
I am so reaey to be done with driving and I get 45 < PROPFEMALE > away and traffic is at a complete stop on the interstate . This really sucks ! 
Happy 4th !! 
Me , < PROPFEMALE > , and the girls are getting ready to go watch the firework show in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is glad that I will already be half way through the week tomorrow . 
WHOA ! 
Very happy :) 
Has the most awesome Mommy and Daddy EVER !! 
Going to scoop up Crissy-pooh , Ambuh , and the kids to go uniform shopping for my Angel Face <3 Got to get the whole group together for this occasion ! 
Busy days at work put me in such a good mood ! Today is going to fly by :) 
Going to register my baby for kindergarden tomorrow ! Im kinda excited about it . My baby is growing up so fast ! 
My Angel Face and I are fixing to make peanut bitter cookies ! 
Getting off work early today bc I dont have a sitter for this afternoon ( yayyy ) but I have to work Sat to make up my time ( boooo ) lol 
Happy :) 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !! 
\Don't grow a wishbone where your backbone ought to be \"" 
Make a donation to < PROPFEMALE > G Komen Race For The Cure New Orleans !!! http://race.komenneworleans.org/site/TR/Race/General?px=1092653&pg=personal&fr_id=1030 
I am super excited that I have a long weekend off with so much fun stuff to do after working every Sat for the past couple months and hanging out with Chrissypooh today ! 
Def going to be an awesome night with the most awesome people ! 
In line to get my baby from school ... She gets super excited when I get to pick her up ... Mommy loves her little Angel Face ! 
Determined to have a great day today ... Thinking its time for a tattoo ! 
Does anyone know of a good tattoo place ?? 
2 more days and I am soooo out of here for a mini gataway ..... Cant wait to see my favorite people !! 
Its Friday !! I am very much looking forward to my awesome weekend !! 
Sometimes you encounter a really really nice person and it reminds you that not everyone is rude now days . 
Getting ready for work then taking a little road trip to meet the bff and spend the weekend at the casino .... I cant wait !! 
Out of town .... At the casino with The Bemi's!!! 
Had an AWESOME weekend ! 
It was sooo hard to get out of bed this morning .... Im super tierd ! 
It is only Tuesday and I am already looking forward to another wonderful weekend ! 
Half way through the week thank goodness .... Cant wait for this weekend !! 
Just signed up to do the Give thanks . Walk . for St. < PROPFIRST > next month !! 
It's finally Friday !! So much to do this weekend ! 
Someone always has to try to ruin my good days ! 
I was so worried about over sleeping that I couldnt sleep at all ! So Im up and getting ready to head to N.O. for Race for the Cure !!!! 
I am so entertained right now ... 
I am quite chipper today for some reason but I like it ! 
Crazy people are great entrtainment ! 
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned , to accept the life that is waiting for us 
There comes a time when you must stop searching for answers to all your questions and just take it for what it is and move on . 
When we are no longer able to change a situation , we are challenged to change ourselves 
Soooo much to do but its going to be an AWESOME day ! 
Missing my Angel Face more than usual today ... Going to get her early so we can do something fun ! 
Having a little getaway with the girls this weekend ! Super excited .... I need it ! 
Does anyone know who does the best portrait tattoos around Baton Rouge ?? 
I love it when my angel face calls to chat with her mommy before bedtime when shes away from me ..... Thats how we roll , lol . I love her ! 
I love busy days at work .... Its the perfect mix of crazy and entertainment ! Plus it goes by faster . 
Making chicken and dumplins on this cold day .... Can't wait for my little Angel Face to come home tonight so we can watch some movies ! 
I wish I had an easy button ... So tierd of dealing with this crap ! 
When you have friends as AWESOME as mine you dont have much time to think about what you dont have .... Chrissypooh !!! 
No matter what is going on I always find happiness in my Angel Face .... She is such a blessing . I love her ! 
I was in line to drop my baby off at school this morning and she saw her bus pulling out and said \Everyone that rides my bus just got dropped off but not me bc my rockin mom brought me to school today ! \ " Heck Yeah !! " 
Got to get through today and then off tomorrow ! Might go have a drink tonight ... 
At a Veterans Day program .... They are showing videos of ppl in Iraq talking to their kids .... A little teary ... Happy Veterans Day to everyone serving and who has served !! 
Speechless . 
Time for a drink ! 
Not in the best mood today .... Hope something knocks me out of it . I want to have a good day ! 
I have been knocked out of my bad mood due to a coworkers stupidity that caused me to crack up ! Im glad I have entertaining ppl to get me through work days ! 
Saturdays at work are super boring ! Cant wait to get off and start my weekend ! 
Dinner and drinks with the girls ! 
Fixing to play cards with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
3 days of work then off til after Thanksgiving !!! 
Very amused today ... That should make the work day go by pretty fast ! 
One day at a time - this is enough . Do not look back and grieve over the past for it is gone ; do not be troubled with the future for it has not yet come . Live in the present and make it so beautiful it wil be worth remembering . 
And the vacation officially begins !!!!!!! 
Out and about early today doing a little shopping then meeting Chrissypooh for lunch ... What a fantastic day . 
I love picking up my baby from school but I hate car line ! 
Sittin ' by the fire 
Having an awesome day ... And it's still early ! 
Enjoying a lovely Sunday with Christynn and all the kids . 
Spending a fun filled day with my punkin before I have to go back to work Fri . 
Had an AWESOME mother daughter day with my baby love ... It was much needed . Looking forward to another one tomorrow <3 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I am so thankful for my awesome daughter , my family , and friends . Hope everyone has a great day ! 
At the movies with my baby love .... This could be the start of a new Thanksgiving tradition for us <3 
First hour back at work after 8 days off was crazy hectic ! Thank goodness I get off early ! 
Finally home ... Comfy clothes , hot soup , hot cider , and my couch . Not coming out until its time to go to work tomorrow ! 
I am in such a chipper , energetic , and all around happy mood today .... Its going to be an AWESOME day ! 
I miss my Angel Face soooo much when she is not with me :( Cant wait to get her off the bus tomorrow ! 
So excited that me and my punkin got to go out to eat with my mommy <3 
Headed to Mandeville for the work Christmas party :) 
Hanging out with Chrissypooh and < PROPFIRST > having a drink :) 
Had an awesome weekend and starting the work week right by leaving early to go to my babys Christmas party at school :) 
Im so blessed to have awesome friends who are there when I need them .... Even if I need them to pick up and watch my baby .... AK Im talking to you ! Lol 
Traffic is CRAZY ! Stupid ppl dont know how to stop when they dont have anywhere to go so they just block the way for the rest of us ! I cant believe Im getting out in this hot mess tonight ! 
Dinner and gift exchange with the girls from work then shopping with < PROPFEMALE > and Lyndsy ! Looking forward to another AWESOME weekend ! 
Out and about early doing more Christmas shopping with < PROPFEMALE > . I love mornings like this ! 
< PROPFEMALE > for a football game with my Angel Face <3 
Watching Christmas movies and wrapping presents with < PROPFEMALE > . 
This has to be the slowest work day EVER ! Im so ready to get out of here ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !! My little punkin and me are having a great time playing with her presents ! < PROPFEMALE > forgot to bring a helment to go with her new bike though lol 
I occasionally love the dorks I work with ... Gotta love how they know if they say may name and dont answer when I ask them what they want that I will get up and go over there and all I see is them cracking up ! 
On this day , 6 years ago , I met the one person that made me wonder how I ever made it without her . I remember the first time I saw her and held her , the first time she smiled at me and her first words . Happy Birthday to my angel face , Brook < PROPFIRST > a.k.a Boogie , Boog , B , Booga < PROPFIRST > . I love her sooooo much ! 
Lunch at school , mr. gattis , and cake .... I hope my baby had a great bday because I am worn out ! 
Heading to Mississippi to go camping with my favorite little girl , the bff , and some rotten boys ! 
Mani's , pedi's , and movies today with my angel face <3 
Still celebrating my babys bday a week and a half later lol .... Party with < PROPMALE > cake then off to the hunting camp :) 
This is one of the most boring work days ever ! 
Woke up in a fantastic mood ! It's going to be an awesome day ! 
I would like to thank Christynn Orillion for sending me the funniest email EVER today that made me laugh so hard I almost fell out my chair at work ! 
I wonder if the schools will be closed tomorrow .... 
Enjoying my night on the couch with my Angel Face watching tv and eating gumbo in our jammies <3 
Spending this lovely day shopping with my Angel Face <3 
The kid just got me for $40 at her school book fair ... Prob more excited about buying the books than the actual reading of them lol 
It's not even lunch time yet and I already know I'm going to need a very strong drink when I get off . 
Super excited that I got to go eat lunch with my baby at school today even though I picked the day they were having bag lunches lol <3 
Was sleeping so good until my baby woke up sick .... Looks like its going to be a long night :( 
Up all night long with my sick baby :( Hope she starts feeling better soon . 
So glad me and my punkin are feeling much better today <3 So much to do today . 
Dinner , drinks , and Wii @ Lbells w/ AP and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
My baby love is sick again :( Another long night 
Simple is so boring ... I prefer ENTERTAINMENT ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME !! 
Super excited that I got Just Dance 2 for my bday ... Cant wait to get off work !! 
I need a very strong drink right about NOW ! 
It just cost me $53 to fill up my CAR . That sucks ! 
Thinking it's going to be a great day :) 
Sitting outside having a few glasses of wine on this beautiful day <3 
My Angel Face only gets a note sent home from the teacher about twice a year ... But when she does it she does it big ! 
What a wonderful Friday :) 
I <3 my sweet little Angel Face 
