Oh hell , first myspace , and now facebook .... :D 

And just like that , the snow starts to melt away . strange how something so bothersome , so frail , so powerful , can be so beautiful ... well , enough of that , where's my shovel . :D 
is it fair to assume that most of us live life with childlike uncertainty ? or is it a conscientious choice to recklessly ignore common sense ? The world may never know . :) 
Today I was at giant getting a cup of coffee out of the pump container . I was gently pressing the pump with one finger when all of a sudden CRACK !, the pump inside the container broke . No one saw or heard me , but after I paid for the coffee , I found the supervisor of that area and let them know what happened . It isn't much , but if everyone did these types of things , I feel the world would be a better place . 
A fierce and just man will debate with vigor , unyielding resolve , and narrow horizons . A intellectual and just man will debate with witty humor , non-discriminatory facts , and broad horizons . ( This statement is for you < PROPFIRST >.) ;D 
Ah yes , nothing like women bar dancing , a good band , and amazing friends to help you appreciate life . Ok , so it may not be the most < PROPMALE > of sentiments , but it is honest . ;) 
and now the summer begins , with all of the humidity and heat that goes with it . yea ..... 
Skinny dipping anyone ? ;D well , if you go with me it would be biggie dipping . Hey that's funny shit , that's a double pun ! You didn't think of it ! ;D 
http://m.youtube.com/watch?client=mv-google&v=TDQ1O7tBEV8\ 
\ 
This is no my mind , haha . 
ah yes . my new profile picture shows how easily amused i can be . 
is missing the girl from harrisburg . i should have let her be my sugar mama . 
Haha , I joined a < PROPFIRST > Beck Sucks < PROPFEMALE > and I was banned because they couldn't dispute my logic . XD sadly I'm not surprised . They used fallacious logic and couldn't muster a sliver of cohesive reasoning to even give a glimmer of factual evidence to rebuke my comments . 
I just found out that my ancestor attacked and dethroned < PROPMALE > herald . I'm a direct descendant of royalty . My first decree is to Knight myself . ;D 
Lunar eclipse note , below in the comment section . 
Denial of the truth . Reality is based upon perception . Whether we see shadows on the cavern walls , or perceive each event facing the light , we choose to believe what we want to believe . 
Running lights for 1 < PROPFEMALE > 1 , along those lines , and got to meet hailstorm . I had a full night . :) 
Odd and possibly insulting quote of the day : \I am going to tongue punch your mom's turd pusher . \ " I am close to giving up on humanity . " 
It is sad to say the least that though almost everyone has the gift of vision , not everyone can see . 
Up at the drinkin bone in wormleysburg , across the river from harrisburg . Voodoo on stage , axle < PROPFEMALE>'s pisser up next . Get ready to make some noise ! I got lights . Anyone who wants to come , feel free . 
