im so f*cking bored and i gotta go to some party , its gonna be dumb ... 

gr .. summer vaction is < PROPFEMALE > boring rite now .. 
why does it not feel like summer vacation ??!! 
found my old n64 .. i forgot how much fun it was ! 
went to six flags yesterday had a lotta fun 
Bored outta my F*cking mind God i wish i had somthing to do ! 
today was fun 
cant belive school starts in less than a month .. 
fun day .. 
book purchase at 10:00 !... im not ready to wake up early yet 
wow i've got a crappy schedule .. 
Ramadan Mubarak !!!!!!! 
scholarships are a bitch ! 
cant believe school's starting .. 
finally finished AP Bio reading 
just got the news ! Eid Mubarak !!!!! 
GO BEARS MOFO'S!!!! 
bored anyone wanna do anything ?? 
well i'll be limping for awhile now that i pulled a hamstring ... this sucks but then again i don't have to do anything in gym 
bored gotta do homework my lifes so boring right now 
should be doing h.w. but am not .... i love procrastination ! 
goddam school i dont wanna go . 
finished some college apps 
well guess i should start my bio packet ... 
Got accepted to Benedictine !!!!!! Yes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
finished doing extra studying for bio now sleep . 
wondering if i should do my h.w. now or later ... 
gonna go finish the lab write up for bio but i have no idea what to do !! 
i didnt do my hw !! dam u facebook !! 
yes !! finally done with bio review . havent studied for that long ever ! 
oooooh myyyyyyyyyy gooooooooooooood ! 
life is a race , if you dont run fast you'll be like a broken Unda !! 
yay ! i got a \5\ " on my math final ! " 
I love deep dish pizza !!! 
i got my ass burned ... not fun :( 
dam you facebook ! dam you ... 
thanks guys !! 
that was one killer bio review .. i'm so tired . Going to sleep now 
I accidently broke the bungee cord at the picnic ... Lol oops . 
Blackhawks win !! 
It just hit me that I am out of high school and I may never see any of you guys again . Now I'm depressed . 
Just finished watching Avatar ! 
good luck on finals guys ! 
just became an official high school graduate !! 
fun time ! 
Why do i keep seeing bird parts all over my neighborhood ? 
Word of the day : necrophiliac ! 
It's raining . \ 
It's pouring . \ 
The old man is snoring !! 
sky go BOOM !! 
got a 5 on my ap exam !!! Thanks Mr. Neenan ! 
who the F *** is < PROPFEMALE > ??!!! 
just went to gbn and visited the guido lounge . memories ..... :) 
off to second day of orientation at benedictine .. and thank god i finished my essay this morning . 
haha finished my 2 essays that are due tommorow ! finally i can go to sleep ! 
BEARS WIN !!! 
studying for tommorow's bio test and math test is gonna be fun ! 
noooooooooooo i don't want the bear's to lose !! 
i now need a new phone .... \ 
\ 
Anyone have any old u.s. cellular phone they wanna give or sell to me ? 
* guys walks into bathroom * < PROPFIRST > Jebamony : \Go ahead pull it ! \ " \ 
this paper has been destroying me all weekend .. 
bio exam can't wait . gotta thank Mr. Mike Neenan for all the stuff he taught in ap bio . this class has been way too easy . 
Done with my freaking finals !!!!! I'm so Happy ! 
chrome web apps ftw ! 
there are mountains in front of my house .. 
the hell is wrong with the Bulls tonight ?!! 
man I love college . 
Love the way you lie didn't win song of the year ??!!! Kanye where the hell are you ?!! 
< PROPFIRST > Griffin should not have won the dunk contest tonight ! 
one week of sweet , sweet laziness ! 
How the f*ck do you pronounce queue ??!! 
< PROPFEMALE > fucking wins !! 
