If you do what you love , you'll never have to work a day in your life . 

A true friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if your home is tidy or not , if your car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect ... A true friend just loves you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true friend . 
Ha , Love this one ! Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness 
Umm ... has anyone even seen Obama's birth certificate yet ? If not , why isn't anyone making him show it ? I wonder how many other presidents would be able to stay in office 14 months without producing proof of their citizenship ... 
< PROPMALE>'s wife comes walking in the bedroom wearing a < PROPMALE > and asks him what he thinks . He says , \I think you should go next door and show < PROPMALE > . He's been constipated for 3 days and that'll make any man shit . \"" 
It's Mommy's week ! Repost this with the date(s ) you became a Mommy ! November 18 , 1997 and Aug 18 , 2001 . I ? u both ! 
IT'SLOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are a friend forever . Put this on your status if you have an amazing sister . I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! Thanks for everything . 
Change your profile to that of one taken in the 80's ( if you are old enough ;) 
They say true friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far they live and they don't hold grudges . They understand life is busy but you will ... always love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends ! 
There comes a time in life when you should simply walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Re-post if you agree , I just did !! 
Now God didn't promise days without pain , laughter without sorrow , sun without rain , but He did promise strength for the day , comfort for the tears , and light for the way . Thank you Lord . 
If McDonalds starting selling hot dogs , could you order a McWeiner with a straight face and tell them you want it supersized ? 
To all the businesses and politicians who have recently wasted thousands of dollars stuffing my mailbox ... Thanks for giving me something to start fires with . 
When driving down the road of life , rarely do you know how good you have it , until you see it in the rearview mirror . Take time today to count your blessings , and don't forget the small stuff , it may turn out to be not so small . 
Have you ever noticed that when people are asked what one item they would take with them to a deserted island , no one ever says a boat ? 
All the mistakes I made in my past made me who I am today and i wouldn't do anything different because I'm a stronger and wiser person today . 
Compulsive liars-rewriting the past so they can live with their actions . Ughh !!! Why can't people just own up to their actions , apologize and then accept whatever consequences come with it ? 
Today is turning out to be the worst day of the week and it's only 9:00 in the morning . I tried talking about it , but FB told me my status was too long . I guess that means it's been pretty bad . But , that should mean it can only get better , right ? 
husband and wife are driving down the road arguing ... they pass a cow pasture and the husband says \relatives of yours ? \ " wife says \ " yeah .. in-laws ! " 
3 Years old : my mom is the best ! 7 years old : Mom love you . 10 years old : Mom whatever ... 17 years old : OMG my mom is so annoying . 18 years old : I wanna leave this house . 35 years old : I wanna go back to my mom's house . 50 years old : I don't wanna lose my mom . 70 years old : I would give up everything for my mom to be here with me . ...... Post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom ...... 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days . Please repost this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE ON EVERYONE'S WALL " 
\When one door closes another opens . But often we look so long so regretfully upon the closed door that we fail to see the one that has opened for us . \ " ~ < PROPFEMALE > Keller " 
Never take someone who makes you smile for granted . 
\Take pride in how far you've come and have faith in how far you can go\ " I am so sick of studying ! And definitely looking forward to Thanksgiving Break ! Only one more week to go and then a week and a half before finals and I'm done til January . Then it starts all over again ... BUT 2 1/2 years and I'm done for good ! " 
' If You Can Read This Thank A Teacher . \ 
If You Can Read This In English Thank A Soldier!' 
Anyone else hate their computer ? My speakers quit working outta nowhere , my battery only lasts a couple hours when it used to last for 6-7 , it's sooo slooowww i wanna pull my hair out , and now i keep getting \this < PROPFEMALE > cannot be displayed\ " even though i still have connection . UUGGHH !!! " 
\It is impossible to rightly govern the world without God and Bible\ " ~ George Washington " 
I can't believe it , my daughter is now 13 . It seems like I was just in the hospital with her and she was only a few hours old . But I'm so proud of the teenager ( yikes ! ) she is today . Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Today I was at Subway when a woman asked an employee how long their 6 inch sandwich was . 
Well , today we took < PROPFEMALE > to Columbia Mall for her birthday cuz she wanted to buy her own presents this year . She started out with $175 she had saved up . I told her she could spend it all , but it would be smart to save some of it . All she bought was a jacket on sale for $10 that would've normally been $40 . That's my girl . 
Blonde : I can't get the car unlocked . Blonde 2 : Well hurry up it's starting to rain and the top's down ! 
Did you know you can't hum while holding your nose ? What's up with that ? 
Doesn't anyone say \excuse me\ " anymore ? People can be so rude !!! " 
Why are people so angry ? Life hasn't been the best to me , but I still manage to put a smile on my face and be friendly to people . A smile could brighten someone's awful day ; they're contagious like yawns . So make sure you smile at everyone you see and maybe you can make a difference in the world . 
Don't need an Angel on my Christmas Tree I Already Have One In Heaven Looking downOn Me ... 
Dear Facebook Friends .... Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon \ 
character from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on \ 
Facebook until Monday , the 6th of December . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite yourfriends to do the same .? Growing up should be fun ... not painful . 
No matter how good your intentions are , the world judges your presentation . No matter how good your presentation is , God judges your intentions . 
Snow is just an acronym for Shit No One Wants ! 
God saw u getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around u & whispered come with me . With tearful eyes , we watched and saw u pass away Although we love u dearly , we could not make u stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke our hearts to prove to us , he only takes the BEST Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven u will miss this holiday season . 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying what they want and bought . Well this is what I want , I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families , to be adopted , I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . Now , lets see how many people re-post this who ... actually care . I have a feeling I am gonna see almost no re-posts .. prove me wrong ! 
