... breathe ... God is blowing :) 

I have never met a person whose greatest need was anything other than real , unconditional love . You can find it in a simple act of kindness toward someone who needs help . There is no mistaking love . You feel it in your heart . It is the common fiber of lif 
TILLUKKU < PROPFEMALE > OG < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!! eg eri so ræðuligani mega alvorligani glað !!!!!!!! Juhuuuuuuu 
Blue Sky Rain and Black Diamonds are all one of a kind 
Við Múrin Atgongumerki til sølu !!!! 
við múrin í gjár , til dk í morgin , so beinleiðis á G ! tá vit koma aftur og so víðari á ólavsøku ... wiiii .... lekkur vika :) :) 
er útbrend 
is exciting about school ! 
why are words so impossible to put together when i am tired ???? 
when i went out this morning i stoped to listen to the effect the rain had had during the night . 
happy happy heart 
leaving on a jet plane .... NOW ! 
is anyone heading from sac 2day ? 
Worship worship worship .... with so much joy 
crap ... dunno how to become a female again 
Redding has moved to the Faroe Islands . We have the most idyllic Faroese weather here . Just my kind of weather . Wonderful !!! 
Checks in the mail sometimes come in the form of tickets .... and i love it ! It speaks my love language because I love concerts and to be surprised 
vinur vælkomin ver , millum ungdóm í dag .... tralalala :) 
is looking so much forward to 20th Oct 2009 .... i am gonna kidnap my sister that night ! no choice_ _ _ 
? Dis ? ci ? pline ? 
happyhappy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happy .... oh how blessed can i get ? i have absolutely no idea at all !!!! happy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happyhappy 
uhhhhh ..... upphiting til G ! er byrjað . Yummi 
Don't tell me intelligent things to day because my brain is not working 
Yndisligt danskt er , og Harrin forbjóði at føroyskt í Føroyum fær liviligt kor ! Mong er tann sál nú í Himmlinum er vegvíst av danskari tungu og presti , men fáa vit føroyskt ! Eg svørji tað her : til Heljar so fara teir flestu ! - Poul F . Joensen 
is going home on sunday 
and the grand question remains , should i cut off my hair ? 
?????????????????? 
Want to go dancing NOW ! buhuuuuuu ........ 
VIDEO ATTACK !!!!!!!!! 
Ich habe meinem Doppelgänger fundet ... jah ..... ich bin einem sehr gut deuchspracher 
is honored and thankful . Thanks for being in a part of my life : Ð 
Whoever invented bowling made my but hurt .... hahha 
sakni Føroyar ! 
forgot her keys in the house again .... 
Brandur&Beinta Forever 
is blasted . forever blasted ..... and i don't even want to get out of this mess i have ended in . it is just too wonderful . too gorgeous . 
is packing 
waiting for her sister&shelly to leave for the mexico trip , then there is bed for me , and then library and perhaps a trail-walk with lenne&matt 
Got some lovin wrapped in a pack from home : * 
far away there is a silent sound , barely hearable . but it always comes closer . like beautiful waves in winter storms . like an increasing crescendo . it is the laughter of the Faroese 
loves Seattle . it has crazy amazing powerful people . luv them all 
When you get the blanket thing , you can relax , because everything you could ever want or be , you already have and are . 
is getting ready to pack ..... home is approaching ;) 
Rise a Knight 
snowing in may , you never know what may happen here :) 
, Jesus & a whole lot of hormones are being sent back to the moment of puberty . It is soooo much fun . me and haldis are not gonna be able to sleep all night . way too much energy ... lololololololololllllll Let's all get jacked up on Jesus 
The Lord is Always with Me , no Wonder my Heart is Filled with Joy 
Congrats to Lennese Moorehead & < PROPFIRST > Moorehead !!!! and their beautiful Jeriah who just got born :) 
Nú ið Postverkið hevur fingið tað frálíka navnið Posta , nú ætlar apotekið at skifta navn til Hosta , Rúsan til Tosta , og TAKS fer aftur at skifta navn – til Kosta ! 
Treat a man as he is , he will remain so . Treat a man the way he can be and ought to be , and he will become as he can be and should be . Treat each person you meet as royalty and you will destroy poverty and bring forth < PROPFEMALE > - the Kingdom within 
er á G ! 
i wonder if the reason for loosing spiritual battles is because we forget to plan strategies - from my diary , 25 . July . 2010 
Life is awkward and I love it 
God is the DJ\ 
Life is the dance floor \ 
Love is the rhythm \ 
You are the music 
Dear Jesus , I would very much like a new < PROPMALE > . love you : x 
missing < PROPFEMALE > , missing it so way to much 
mmm .... how i love to be here in redding 
sits in the Faroe Islands drinking Danish water from a Norwegan bottle which was bought in the U.S. 
I am so friiiikin loved . i actually quite enjoy it .. the love thing :) 
how did all the kids end up in universities before me ? 
Be Careful with your itunes-account . i just got everythig i had left stolen 
watching Equilibrium 
is seriously high from music 
While i was shoveling snow today i came down to the greenest grass . it was as though springtime was under the snow :) 
Creating out of Love 
I <3 Haldis Svabo Jørgensen 
stupid ucas :((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( 
Jesus í Deep var ikki bara eitt tiltak . Jesus var í Deep :) 
Think that my IQ just hit a low-point . i can't figure out how to use a bike pump 
Enjoyed an amazing day with Katrin Svabo Bech 
Ahhh .... I frikin stinkin love the moment in movies where the guy falls in love with the girl . 
Bah .... lorta amerikanarar , ið ikki < PROPFEMALE > at Óðin ofraði vinstrað og ikki høgra eygað . veit ikki um eg tími at hyggja at filminum ' Thor ' allíkavæl :/ 
Siti og repiter ( < PROPFEMALE > hvat man nú einaferð kann kalla tað) til TOEFL-royndina fríggjadagin . Eri so spent !!!! 
watching sicko . Craziness ... seriously ! 
mmm ... praktfullur morgunmatur saman við við Eydgerd Nattestad og Leivur Steintún , so nú er bara eftir at fara í føðingardag hjá < PROPFEMALE > Johannesen . Oh happy day <3 
just discovered that i have racial tendencies against foreign eggs :/ 
watching romantic movies , with chocolate-chip cookies and milk . just celebrating what is to come :) 
bang bash bling\ 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 \ 
shwowos\ 
bliiinged up in the bash\ 
bashed up in the bling\ 
svooooooohs\ 
swoooshing\ 
\ 
- a poem that happened on my skype today :) 
jóhanna Suffía Poulsen frá Strondum er so sjúkliga fitt <3 !! :) 
\I love being married . It's so great to find one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Rudner " 
am havin some fat angles popin up on google :D 
It is amazing what you can discover and rediscover after being healed . Just mowed the lawn for the first time since is was a little girl and found out why i disliked it in the first place but also how wonderful it is to feel the grass ' softness under my greening feet . \ 
Think I'll get up with the sun on my 100th birthday just to walk barefooted it the dewing grass :) 
watching the < PROPMALE > wedding with Haldis Svabo Jørgensen :) tjemls fpr skype 
Dance for Me my love . Dance the dances of beauty . they are cherished <3 
Um tú er uppvaksin við mammusa mati , hevur súkklað við ongum hjálmi , havt eitt sjónvarp við einari kanal ( SvF ) og hevur noyðst at reist teg fyri at sløkkja og tendra tað , hevur spolað kasettubond aftur við einum blýanti og handlarnir vóru stongdir sunnudag . < PROPFEMALE > , so mást tú koyra hetta á veggin hjá tær , fyri at prógva at tú yvirlivdi ! 
