on here for the first time in a month 

on here for the first time in about 2 months . maybe some year I'll upload new photos . 
just watched the fireworks from my front steps . 
is back like a vertebrae ! 
my mentally impaired cat is freaked out by cats on tv and appears to think they're real . 
is sick of seeing dating advertisements on the right of this screen . 
just shoveled the driveway at 4am ( successfully avoiding interaction with neighbors ) and made pasta . 
It's nice to see that some people celebrate the holidays by throwing eggs at people's houses in broad daylight . 
Not Applicable . 
is having the best week ever ^_^ 
preparing for an exciting weekend of cleaning the house and paying bills . : ) 
deleted Farmville . Sorry everyone ! 
is on here for the first time in a week or 2 
hasn't been on here in a month . Only 75 more requests to go . 
For the 3rd time in 3 weeks , someone has crashed into a business in GR . 1st , an angry B.K. customer crashed into the lobby at 3:30 am after being told only the drive thru window was open 24 hrs . Then someone drove into a 7-11 . Now an 82yr old woman drove into a salon , injured 2 people , and got her hair done while waiting for police . I should be disgusted , but instead I've been lauging for so long my thoat hurts . 
Obsessive facebook status updater = Epic Fail . 
To all my Family & Friends : I stopped working at my job 2 wks ago to expand my small business . I'd been selling things locally & online for a while , & am now making twice as much money as at my old job . To all who disapprove I say , I could stay at a safe job that cuts everyone's wages and barely pays the bills , but now I have time to get schoolwork done , I'm my own boss , & making more money is just an added bonus . 
Thanks everyone ! Best birthday ever ! : ) 
Does anyone have access to a computer that's old enough to have a disk drive ? I need to access and transfer some data from an old hard disk for some research . I only have a laptop with cd/dvd drive , SD/MMC , & USB . Any help would be appreciated . 
I hate this time of year , when partisan political rants permeate the media . The easy route : trying to tear down ' the other guy ' and succumbing to CONFIRMATION BIAS . The hard route : being objective , acknowledging the reasons both parties & the system itself are flawed , & taking action to change things . 
won't be on here for at least the next month . Most of the PhD programs I'm preparing applications for have acceptance rates between 2% and 6% . That , along with my regular class work , 2 research assistant jobs , and teaching assistant work , means no time for fb until Dec . 15th . If you want to talk , call or email me . 
Why do people gossip & twist around things others say to sound more sinister and interesting ? And why do others believe it , then act passive aggressive & bitchy rather than confronting the person & asking what was actually said ? Most of us past middle school are too busy to waste time maligning others’ character and talking shit . Life’s too short to waste it treating your own friends & family like crap . 
Yay ! ^_^ Just got my first PhD program interview , and it's to the most selective school I applied to ( 2% acceptance rate ) . I wasn't even expecting to hear anything from schools until Feb . What a great sign ! 
Back from my series of interviews for the University of Florida PhD program . Tomorrow I'm leaving for a week to my next interviews at U of Oregon , U of Tennessee , and SIUC . ^_^ I'd like to fit in some sightseeing along the way , but with all the interviews , interview-related events , and travel , there won't be time . 
