Life is fucking kicking my ass right now . Any suggestions ? 

Someone send me some cool stuff . I am totally new at this . 
Could be better but still alive and kickin 
Bored , bored , bored ... 
Somebody save me from the hell that is my life 
Bored , bored , bored , bored 
Sitting at school , killing some time on the computer . Anyone have any new news ? 
Anyone on that wants to talk ? 
She looks nothing like her father , which I think is a good thing . Her hair was black when she was born , then brown , and just now turning red . She is the most amazing thing in the world . I hope that you can meet her soon . 
10 tons of anxiety lifted off of my shoulders in the last 5 minutes !!! 
Where is everyone today ? No one is on here ! 
Hello everybody , how is everyone on this beautiful day ? 
waiting for two weeks to go by so I can see my < PROPFEMALE > again . Had her for 2 days this weekend-it was great ! 
Lonely today . Looking for someone to talk to 
Still looking for people to talk to 
Lots of free time this week = boredom 
Long day today .... nothing to do . 
Logging off for the day ... might not be on until Monday ! 
Monday again ........... boring 
Another long day ... phone company screwed up my plan-on hold all day . 
Is it Friday yet ? 
Nobody wants to spend any time with me . Boo-hoo ! Am I that freaking boring ? 
Friday is almost here ... I get my baby tomorrow !!!! 
Had a great weekend with my daughter ! She is the best thing in the world ! 
is bored , looking for something to do 
Sitting at the computer on a rainy day ...... bored out of my mind !!!! 
is back on the computer , anyone home ? 
Getting < PROPFEMALE > tonight !! Excited !!! 
Monday again . Iwish it were Friday so I could have < PROPFEMALE > back ! 
Bored , bored , bored . 
See you all tomorrow !! 
is wondering why the weeks seem so long ! Friday seems like it is forever away ! Two weeks until school starts ! 
has the Tuesday blues .... but I get to get my schoolbooks today ! How pathetic is my life that this is the most exciting thing that will happen to me this week ? 
Almost through Wednesday ! Friday is getting closer ! My baby started her second year of preschool today !!! 
Almost through with Wednesday !!!!! Boring day tomorrow !!! 
Will be on computer in late afternoon if anyone wants to be on to talk . I have an appointment at 1 my time , so I will probably be on around 11 
Happy Thursday !! I am getting a new refrigerator !! I think I spelled that wrong , but who cares ? I am excited , tomorrow is Friday !!! 
I got my Biology and Spanish books !! Hard classes for me . 
Firday is here !! < PROPFEMALE > comes soon !!!!!! 
Monday , Monday , Monday ..... I hate Mondays 
I get < PROPFEMALE > for two nights this weekend coming up ! Thank God for Labor Day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My stupid car is beyond repair ! Anyone got an extra $1000 laying around ? 
I just wish this loooooooonnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggg looooooooooooooonnnnnnnnggggggggg day would end . 
to all a good Tuesaday night ! Please releive me of my boredom ! 
Happy Hump Day !! Is it over yet ? Tomorrow will be a good day , then I have my weekend with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
It's Friday !! Everyone that I have recieved status updates for seems not so happy ? What is going on ? Shit happens , but lets enjoy life between the shit ! At least I try to . I am the most deprressing person on the Earth , but I am trying to forget that my car is dead , my daughter is not with me , I have to have surgeries , well , Life Sucks man ! Lets laugh while we can . 
is waiting for 6 o'clock to leave to get my baby !!!!!!! In case I haven't told everyone , I get her for two nights this weekend !!!! Last weekend she refused to go home , I wonder what she'll do after two days with me !! 
is starting Biology lab today !! Lots of fun !! Fun my ass . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : if you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you .... 
Tomorrow is Friday !! Yeah !! 
< PROPFEMALE > comes tonight ! Excited !! 
Oh , why does Spanish have to be so hard ? Why can't it just be easy ? I know I can do well , i just hate when you start a class and you're all scared because the teacher told you about all of the work you have to do that semester ! 
Heading off to a doctor appointment . Then class , then home to do homework . Will check in tomorrow morning !! Have a good Monday ! 
Back to school again today . My poor < PROPFEMALE > has been home alone all week so far ... 9 hours yesterday , 8 today ... he gets so lonely . Luckily I am getting a new kitten to keep him company next week ! He is Tigger's baby brother ! ( Yes I realise the cats don't understand that concept , but I am excited just the same . ) 
is way tired ! School is taking up way too much of my time ! I want a break already ! 
Just finished Biology lab --- tired ! Got bad news yesterday , the Guardian ad litem is reccommending < PROPFEMALE > stay where she is . Don't worry -- I am going to fight to my dying breath !! I am not going to let them keep my daughter so they can screw her up like they did thier kids !! Wish me luck and pray for me . 
I get < PROPFEMALE > early tonight !!!! Yea !!!!! Can't wait ! 
Good to see you checking your facebook mom . 
I take my 3rd test today ! One more and the week is over !! 
Feel like crap today . Want to go back to bed . Wonder if I am getting the cold going around out here ..... 
Math test in 20 minutes -- send good vibes -- I got 102 on my biology test Tuesday -- yeah !!!! 
Mondays are horrible . What more to say ? Spanish in two hours . Yea . Something to do . Blah Blah Blah .... 
Spanish here I come ... not too excitetdly though . 
I feel like shit !! I have had an ear infection for two weeks that won't go away !! 
Biology lab today . I get to view skin and bones . Oh how excited I am not . 
Heading to the pumpkin patch for the fall festival with my girl . She gets to pick out her own pumkin today !! Looking forward to my first hay ride . It is going to be a good day if < PROPFIRST > doesn't start acting like a jerk . 
Bio lab today . Hope it is not as gross as disecting the cows ' bones from last week ! Do not have the stomache for this crap ! Wish I never had to take it ! I am never gonna need to know what is inside of a cow leg bone . How crazy is that . BULL !!!!!!!!! 
Getting my daughter strait from from day care !!! That means I get her 4 hours early . We are carving a pumpkin this weekend !! Lets hope the snow does not visit again this weekend !! 
Spanish soon . Then home to study . Wish I had some free time this week .... maybe Wednesday morning . 
Took a math test today , not sure how I did . In math I always think I am doing well , and then I do horrible !! I wonder what I will get .... I got 102 on my human bio test tuesday . Missed a spanish one yesterday because I was sick . Three more tests between now and Monday ....... 
Finally feel human again !!! Still have no energy but at school today . I'll make it through , then I have Syl's party at school . Yay !! I get to go trick or treating with her !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Spanish starts in three ... want to go home to bed .... still sick .... I hate being poor ... I miss my daughter .... life sucks today ! 
Pissed off today . People put me in a bad mood ... 
Pissed off from finding out that people go through other people's stuff when they should just mind thier own damn business !!!!!!!!! Things shouldn't have to come to the point that they did , but somebody hasn't grown up enough to realize that . 
Nothing happened at court , of course . They won't agree to anything . That sucks but I am used to it by now . 
Sitting at school rather than at home . Not much to do here though . Wish certain people would answer thier phones . Not htat htey are ever even online to get htat I get irritated . I just believe if you say you are going to do something or be somewhere that you should do it . Just me , but I think that it is how it works , right ? tell me if I'm the only one thinking this way . 
Oh boy , can today get any more boring ? Blah , blah , blah . I just want school to be done and over with . I wish it would just be done . 
Feeling weird today . Either too hot or too cold . Almost threw up a little while ago . Hope its not the flu come to get me .... seriously , I would be angry . I am just catching up with all the homework I already missed from being sick . This sucks . 
Not much to say today . Well , Math SUCKS !! 
Have a lot to do this afternoon then I have the whole night free due to my daughter not being here . Weekend 2 without her is about to begin . One more to go . Can't wait . Anyone got any ides for free fun tonight ? 
The only thing that I have to talk about today is that < PROPFEMALE > comes home tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I get to go see her after school . I can't wait . It has been almost three weeks . Well two weeks and six days . Yay < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Some people just irritate me . No matter what they say or do I just want to slap them . 
I will be completely honest for 24 hours ... You can ask me 1 question(only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy it is . You'll have my full honesty , but I dare you to put this text as your status & see what questions you get 
Three presentations in one week ! Woe is me . I hate presentations , let me write a paper for God's sake ! 
Anybody go tany encouraging words of wisdom today ? 
i love skool .... 
What a crazy day . Just want next Friday to come ! 
Oh I am stressed today . Too much work to do before the day is up . 
Oh will this day never end ? Court tomorrow . Just want to get it over with ! 
Today is my last day of school until the 20th of January !!!!!!!!!!!! I am very excited !! Christmas is going to be great this year !! 
Monday Monday .... I hate Mondays . Not as much as Sundays though . They still suck . 
It is finally Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love Fridays !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Getting < PROPFEMALE > at 4 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Start school today . Its been a long day already and I am ready for class to start so that I can go home an dgo to sleep --- wait , I have class at nine am tomorrow !!! I am just ready for class to start so that I know what I am up against this semester , and to have some work to do in my free time . Taking Spanish 2 , Intrio to Social Work , American Government , and Asian Philosophy . 
My car is broken down and I am sad about it . What to do ? Wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > ?? 
Another Wednesday night at school . Can't wait to go home and veg for the first time today . Been running my butt off all day . 
Today has been a better day , but I am still pissed off about yesterday . Some people are just born evil , plain and simple . I hate to say I hate someone but I really hate someone . I wish they would just disappear off the face of this planet and leave me the fuck alone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
When did the right to free speech become illegal ? 
Missing my baby . We had a good time together this weekend . Love her so much . Miss her terribly . 
Can't wait to see my baby girl tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We might go to the park this weekend . Its supposed to be sooooooooooooooooooooo nice . 
Someone's posting from the other day makes me say : GAG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I won't say who ...... 
Now you're all paranoid , right ? 
What the f --- ? What the f --- ? I look at our world and say that every day . There are just some things that happen in my life that I do not think can be explained . What the f --- ? 
I hate when people have no concept of how to act like an adult . F --- ing childish shit pisses me off . Grow the fuck up . I just lost a friend today because I tried to tell him the truth about his new girlfriend but he would rather say that we can't be friends because I don't like his girlfriend . 
Well , when she is gone he will realize that it it pretty shitty to give up friends over girlfriends . I just wanted him to know th truth so he could protect himself . Its too bad he feels this way . I hope you have a good life < PROPFIRST > , and that you can prove me wrong and have a good life with her . 
Been a long few days , still do not feel good . Getting a cold .... want to be home in bed but I have to give a twenty minute presentation this afternoon . At school til 9:30 . then back at 9 am tomorrow . Seomeone give me some good news please . I need it . 
Had a decent birthday . Had a few friends over and played games with < PROPFEMALE > . Having her was the best part . I miss her so much . I love her to death ! 
Thanks for all the Birthday Wishes . It means a lot to know you guys remember . 
It has become obvious to me that people who have no business reading my posts are , and are reporting them to the guardian ad litem becuase of supposed slander . Who here has heard me slander them ? That's what I thought . 
Due to this it is obvious that I am going to have to keep posting just how I feel just to prove to them that they do not have control over my life and my writings . The writings I post here have nothing to do with what type of parent I am , and they must be desperate to resort to this petty shit . 
So , in continuance , I am asking all of my friends that know < PROPFIRST > or his parents to please post exactly what they feel about them . Here goes : < PROPFIRST > is a child molester pervert wife beater that is so stupid he almost ran his daughter over . His parents are so controlling they probably time whem < PROPFEMALE > goes to the bathroom to make sure that she goes when they want her to go . 
And lets talk about how nosy they are . They have no business reading my facebook < PROPFEMALE > , my security is set to its highest level , and the only way they can be reading ths is if they are going through one of my friends . I feel that they had no right to take my daughter from me and have no intention of coming to any agreement on giving her back no matter what they say . 
They have wanted < PROPFEMALE > since the day I had < PROPFIRST > arrested , and now they have the control over her life that they didn't have over me . Don't you think it's strange that < PROPFIRST > couldn't even go grocery shopping without calling his mother to verify the prices he was paying were good enough ? I was his wife I was right there . 
As you can tell they have made me beyond angry , and I hope that they do read this , because maybe they will see how they are hurting my dausghter by keeping her away from her mother . Thats where she belongs . I have done everything that they have asked of me and yet they just keep adding to the list instead of transitioning her home . 
I may not be a perfect parent , but they certainly are not perfect parents either . < PROPFIRST > used to complain all of the time about how his father beaat him and the psychologist told his mother that < PROPFIRST > would be better off if his father was out of his life . Yet , they have < PROPFEMALE > . 
They may call this slander but this is nothing compared to what they spread about my parents and family . And they do not even know how my family has changed . They think because my family grew up with less mmoney than they did that we are not good enough . Well , that is not true . We are better . 
We know how to tell the real depth of a person . We love our family , not control them . I will get my daughter back I promise you that . There are things I have in the works that are going to change everything . 
Please people , post your comments about this , and how you feel I have dealt with all of thier under-handed bullshit without cracking yet . I think that I am dealing pretty well with the whole situation . I disagree that my postings attest to my instability , for they are simply the truth put out there for the workld to see . How do they like that ? 
Please everyone , read all of these posts , starting at the bottom and post your comments . I want to know what everyone has to say . The evil grandfather wrote to the Guardian ad Litem about my facebook postings again , so I thought I would give them something to write about . 
No one has responded yet to my cry of outrage ? Someone please tell me right on or something like that . I mean , I know its going to piss them off , but if I breathe wrong it pisses them off . 
Happy Birthday Stef , i won't be on a computer til next week after right now !!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
I am so happy . I have my baby until tuesday . I am so happy . So happy . So happy . Did i mention how happy i am ? 
Love my girl even though she is tired and cranky . 
Some situations are just out of our hands and when something happens that you think you would like you think again about the negative consequences for others . Oh life what a mystery . 
Today we learned that mama was right when she said dont jump on the bed . 
< PROPFEMALE > goes home today . I am not happy about that . We had a really great time . On another note i have not gotten any messages from anyone in a long time . Does no one want to talk to me ? 
The day is almost over and < PROPFEMALE > is going home soon . Right now we are drawing with chalk on my front walkway . I am going to miss her so much . It was so great to have her all of this time . 
The bad part is is that tomorrow i have to in back to the real world and that includes school and a test . So tonight i have to keep myself together enough to study . Does anybody have any tips on how to stop the pain and go on with my normal life ? 
< PROPFEMALE > just left five minutes ago . No tears yet . Have not gone into the house yet though . Anyone whe sees this in the next half hour before i go veg out in front of the tv is welcome to call or text of to keep my mind off of things . Thanks in advance . 
On second thought call anytime . Or text . I like to text . 
Having trouble sleeping . Of course this is the first night without < PROPFEMALE > in four nights . And of course i have to be up in less than four hours and have school until nine thirty pm . Figures . 
Oy vey . The drama of life seems to grow every day . What will happen to me next ? 
Strange ways but things work out . 
Have my new student orientation today at the university ! Good and bad . Glad to be starting but a group full of college kids ? Thank god for friends that wont make you go through that alone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Pain sucks . Broke a tooth . Ouch as hell . 
Stressed the f out . The last three weeks of my associates degree are a killer . And no vacations for of to get away from it all . 
I got my social security disability granted and my handicapped parking permit in the same day . Coincidence ? I think not . Fate . 
A friend is saying good bye after i said f you after being lied to twice . Them i got threatened to never call or contact him again . Oh the things his wife would want to know about him ... 
Long day . Some frustrations but mostly good day . Got my baby way early even though she was sick . That was not too good but tylenol works wonders for little ones . Hope she feels better tomorrow for the park . 
Its freaking hot out here . 
Is wondering why people do or say they will do things for you and say they are ok with them and then turn around and tell you they were not ok with it in a public venue such as facebook . He you thought it was wrong then tell of not the rest of the world . Give of a < PROPMALE > to work things out before it is out in front of all of you to see . 
For example i have this friend that i really case about and he and i used to be close . Circumstances and life choices have changed that . But if he said he was going to be somewhere he was always there . Now it is like pulling teeth to get him to go through with one little thing he says her going to do . Frustrating . 
Is really annoyed at all of the love obnoxious motorcycles driving by . 
Finally got to sleep with my cpap machine on an i feel pretty good . May be up early but do not feel like i have been hit by a train . 
Tomorrow starts a boatload of homework for the next three weeks . Them a whole summer off . Who is coming to my graduation june third call me 
By tomorrow i would like to gee at least one message in my inbox . I know a lot of you just became friends with me and must have something to say to me after years of not talking . Someone please think of something to say to me . 
My very broken tooth and drugs . Thats whats on my mind . 
Mean people suck . Yes its been said over and over again but it still holds true . 
I only have three days of classes and one final to attend before i graduate ! Look out eastern i an coming to get my bachelors . 
Still no messages from anyone . Noone has anything to say to me ? Just tell of how your life is going or about your kids or jobs or any or girl friends . Its not like i see any of you on a daily basis . Once i am done with school next week i am going to start writing long messages to everyone . You have been warned . 
Not one friend except < PROPFEMALE > has sent me a message in a long time . Start writing people . I understand you have lives but two minutes to tell of you are doing well you have your job your dog pees in your slippers etc . 
Happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday dear < PROPFIRST > happy birthday to you ... i am coming home for a visit in august . 
Is tired ve people making judgements and lecturing of without knowing the real or whole story . People chill out life is too short to worry as much as you do . And i am a worrier . For you people to freak out more than me means a lot . Chill out man . 
Supposed to have a message in my inbox but i guess someone forgot . Thats ok i have only been half awake all night . Does this person want i a ride with of around twelve twenty ? Call or text . Good night all hopefully tomorrow is a better day and today was good . Damn up humans and our always wanting more . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's aman wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and remindingherhow wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a manwishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRYthere's a man stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall ifyou're against DomesticViolence 
I might not be the most beautiful , the \ 
sexiest , nor have the \perfect\ " body and I might not be anyone's first \ 
Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family !... Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention .... Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who reposts 
Have had a wonderful couple of days with my girl ... have two more left ! Really glad to get this time with her . I wish she knew how much she means to me . 
Had a lovely day with < PROPFEMALE > . Picked her up from school went to the book fair then to her appointment then went out to dinner before taking her home . Best part is i pick her up friday for a three day weekend . 
Took < PROPFEMALE > to the essex steam train and riverboat today . Was a great day but spent way too much money . Wish i could do it every weekend . Love her sooo much ! 
I am tired of not hearing the fun crazy stuff out there . I challenge each one of my friends to post a comment on the craziest or funniest or most loveable moment of the past week . Dont let me down ! 
My graduation today ! What else is there to say ? 
missing < PROPFEMALE > ... 
for those who havn't heard -- i probably have a broken wrist-but today -- it really hurts !!!!!!!!!!! 
GOOD NEWS : Wrist not broken !! BAD NEWS : WTF ? What did I do to it , and why can't I move my fingers ? Why sooooooo much pain ? 
What to say ?... Shit keeps hapopening to the people I know and I don't know why . Desths .. illness ... breakups .. you name it .. not to mention wht the hell I am going through !!! Will it ever end ?? I am soooo tired of the stress .. I know I gettede stressed easier than other but I am sick of it !!! 
Sorry .. cant type well with a bad hand 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > ! Hope to see you when you get back to the states ... wishing you good luck ! 
Feeling separated from the real world at the moment ... personal demons ... 
Hey Everybody I m in Illinois !! Message me so I can send ou my phone number to ya 
Seriously , no oe out here wants to see me ? What the hell ? 
Nice to see so many old friends while being home . Evryone has changed so much . With the exception of one person-wait I take that back-she has gotten even angrier at the world and I don't see why . To be so young and healthy and have so many options .... what is your problem P.J. ? 
My last night in Illinois . Went to see Toy Story 3 today .. sad movie but < PROPFEMALE > was good compared to the last movie I took her to . Gotta get up at 4 am for my flight in the morning . Not looking forward to going home just yet ... enjoyed having < PROPFEMALE > aroung all the time . Well , only time will tell what happens ... 
Heading to bed finally . 
Wierd day , but good news !!!!!!!!!!! I did not make the Social Work school deadline this year , and they told me I would have to take an extra year of classes --- today I got an e-mail that they have an opening from me---I'm in !!!!!!!!!!!!! Class of 2012 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
School is really really hard this year ! Working my ass off and still behind from starting the program late . Only three to four years til i have my masters tho 
Whiskey ... saturday night . Feeling confused ... feelings for people coming out . Not possible though . How do i get past it ? Someone help me ! 
Wishing the best for my niece . You are in my thoughts and i am here to talk . I love you guys . I am so proud of you . 
Listening to old school matchbox twenty . Slept for about two hours now up again . Gotta eat hungry . 
< PROPFEMALE > slept for twelve straight hours . Wish i could be so lucky . Have not had a good night sleep in at least a week . School is stressful this semester ... 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
And happy birthday to my little sister tomorrow . Twenty two years old and i remember the day you were born ... 
Just watched a house burn down . We were there before the fire department . The nieghbor said a woman set a pizza box on fire and threw it in the shed and the whole house is destroyed . Just happened to be at the right place at the right time . 
Unfortunately , someone was trapped on the third floor , but someone said they got him out , and an ambulance did leave the house while we were there . Huge clouds of black smoke and the smell ... 
Another day at school ... don't even get the holiday off . Sooooo much work to do in the next two weeks . How many years left ? 
Almost cought up on homework tonight . Still have afive < PROPFEMALE > paper to write , but everything else is done until thurday . 
Been a long stressful coupla of days . car broke , phone broke , had to call the cops cause my neighbor thinks we live in a club ! But 15 months til graduation !! Applying for my internship-trying to get in the hospital or nurisng home . Thinking I want to concentrate on medical social work . Wish me luck !!! 
So friday i got my internet hooked up and a few hours later it crashed . have to wait for the recovery disk in the mail . Today is day 3 stuck in the house with only 1 friend in town with a way to come over . Except it seems that person is setting a world record for amount of time asleep . And I lost my voice . This has been one hell of a week . What next I ask you !? 
What the hell ? Hats all I can say about the news this week ! 
Sibling war ! Copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands for one hour without your brothers and sisters protesting , it is sooo true 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=UEUrJwJ0hYktb86hzah8\ 
\ 
_frsthgl 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=0EgrJ2JjhYkLBkUYoaGh\ 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=GEmrJCJ1hYk6uk2k7o4h\ 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=LEdrJkJ3hYkQVkXoa8Jh\ 
I kno wits been awhile since I've gotten new ones up here . My computer won't recognize my memory card so I\m gonna load the newest at school this week . Please share your thought on these !!!!! I want your opinion on my babygirl " 
So I had been suffering from a 3 day migraine , nothing worked not even my meds , guess what did ? Something my mom told me long ago-ice on the back of my neck !! 3 days of misery relieved by 20 mins of ice . Why did it take me so long to remember that ? Ugh !! 
I need advice ! < PROPFEMALE>'s cat chewed through 1 keyboard and 2 mouse cords ! Hes even eating my school papers ! Help ! What do I do ? 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just for one hour . Do it for all !! There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting . 
A friend of mine posted this-it is so right on with some of the people I talk to that I have to re-post it !!!! What so many people don't realize is what you want , and what you get are almost always 2 COMPLETELY DIFFERENT THINGS . Now , for gods sake grow up , get your head out of your ass , and stop living in that fantacy world of yours . 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=UEZrJz2C55zVd8lk8aHx\ 
Today we heard that my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > will not last long , maybe not through the night . Please think of my family in this time , especially my mom and grandma . My Aunt has children and a granddaughter on the way that will all miss her terribly ... I love you Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , I am sorry I cannot be with you through this . I will always remember you ... 
