is making chicken pot pie from scratch crust and all ......... woooohooo exciting 

pot pie was good ... not perfect but good ... won't use the crust recipe again ... but everyone had seconds so first run was a hit ... yay ... unfortunately i was the only one dissapointed with it ... must be the perfectionist in me 
next on the menu ... apple onion pork chops .... yum 
no work for me today what a bummer .... i'm only a little sad about that though ... 
mmmmm ...... yogurt 
Two hours early to work ... Lots of waiting 
soooo tired ... 
Just saw some of < PROPFIRST>'s pg 2010 pics , I want to go back already 
time goes by faster when your happy 
Since I figure I'll be very early to work at least once a week if not twice I think I should learn to enjoy watching the traffic go by .... If you took out all the squealing brakes it could be kinda peaceful 
finally trying to relax its been a long day .... still got a little while to go :( 
This morning was one of those times where I wish I was a kid again and could have called out of work just because I wanted to stay in bed . Just got back from vacation and I already need a new set of batteries ..... I'll go back to being the enegizer < PROPFEMALE > when I get more awake , for now COFFEE !!!!! And the occasional customer at work .. 
so .... today looks busy work ..... team trivia .... and the season premier of My Boys !!!!!!!! soooo excited 
Wooooorkkk .... If I don't get sent home I'll have almost 48 hours .... It's needed but gosh I'm always just so tired ... 
just watched season 2 and 3 of my boys in one day ..... obsessed ? maybe a < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFIRST > is at school ... i'm bored ... and i dont feel to wonderful ... stupid headache 
Two hours early ro work ... Normally I clean and restock off the clock ... But today is a sleepy day ... I think I'll just lay on the cough close my eyes and listen to music till I get bored of that ... \ 
\ 
Besides that ... I just realized how long my days really are with getting here two hours early no bueno .. 
Sometimes i catch myself staring off into nothing , but while the view may be empty , in my mind there is always something going on .. \ 
Continuously playing through my memories or picturing what is to come .. \ 
Somedays I just feel Like a day dreaming romantic ; not that there is anything wrong with that :) 
I've got coffee I've got a veiw of traffic what else is to be expected of the weekday mornings in Atlanta ? 
Wants to know why business is slow on a Friday ? 
Really overcast today .... kinda hopin it rains at 1 like the weather man says it will but it's not gonna happen ..... 
It's a little creepy when ........ 
Has 15 minutes left of work ! 
Morning morning .... Yay sunshine .... \ 
Work .... Hangin with sis and niece .. Team trivia ... Then who knows but I have the next two days off !! 
my house is sleeping ..... and im awake .... i bet the next one up will be the dog ... then its anyone's guess ... 
Almost done with sitting out in the heat .... Not too shabby 
home sweet sweet home . i wonder if i should go swimming or take a cold shower ... it was freakin hot today 
Sooooo Obama says the new rise in unemployment and the economic downturn is all the republicans fault ... \ 
What a crock .... 
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction of being loved for yourself , or more correctly , being loved inspire of yourself \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Women are meant to be loved , not to be understood . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Wilde 
entering the realm of geekdome again .... thinking about playing magic the gathering again 
sooo three days off in a row ..... day two .... bored out of my mind ... 
Mmmm .... Stayed up way too late playing magic on the xbox .... Damn game is becoming an addiction ... \ 
< PROPFIRST > wants to go to dragon con ... Or whatever it is ..... Says the cast of true blood will be there ... I like true blood so maybe ? What else is in it for me ? 
Btw anyone in the lawrenceville area that's interested in party games or more complex games .... Tower games on 120 and lawrenceville suwannee rent them for 6 bucks a week ..... A cheap way to have more variety at your get togethers ! 
Super ready to be off of work .... Relaxing bubble bath sounds really good .... And sleep .... Yeah that sleep thing ... I hear it's nice 
We bought some magic cards last night when I got off of work .... Kinda exciting\ 
On another note < PROPFIRST > and I may go hiking Tuesday . Need to find a good dog friendly trail ... 
What is the longest word that cab be typed with only the left hand ? 
Why where < PROPFIRST > duck comics ban from Finland ? 
Team trivia tonight at wild wing cafe who's down ? 
Doctors appointment tomorrow ..... I don't like going to the doctors .... 
Sitting here in the morning with < PROPMALE > going to town on his squeaky ball makes me happy ... i love my life 
Not that I am wicked excited but I seem to be doing the same thing most everyone in < PROPFEMALE > is doing ....... Watching uga ... 
Yay for team trivia night !!!!! Who's down ???? 
Wonders why the day is going by so slowly ..... 
One more hour one more hour one more hour ....... Soooooo stinking hot I HATE GREETING 
early .... and nothing to do but clean .... i shall wait just a bit longer .... then < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are coming by ! * EXCITED * 
A man would do nothing if he waited until he could do it so well that no one could find fault . ~ John < PROPFIRST > Newman 
Ideals\ 
are like stars ; you will not succeed in touching them with your hands . \ 
But like the seafaring man on the desert of waters , you choose them as \ 
your guides , and following them you will reach your < PROPFEMALE > . ~ Carl \ 
Schurz , address , Faneuil Hall , Boston , 1859 
yay for team trivia night !!!! who's down ? we got second place last week ! 
So I have a job interview tomorrow ......... I'm nervous ... I know think confidence right ? 
Interview went well I think , they said they want someone that's gonna stick around ! I'll do that told them I was trying to find a nitch somewhere ! I'd like to think I've got the job but they have to check up on the insurance for the company car , fun stuff . Keep your fingers crossed everyone ! 
Just go done shopping for < PROPFIRST>'s bday party ! Yay my hubbub will have a great day Saturday !! 
Couple more erands then pickin up the hubby then I think a nap sounds good , and if I can convince < PROPFIRST > we'll go to the puppy park 
Goooood morning ! I've got coffee , and plenty of smiles for the rest of the day ! Hoping my work week goes well ! \ 
And only one more day till < PROPFIRST>'s birthday ! 
Is huming the happy happy birthday song ... < PROPFIRST>'s birthday today . I think I'm excited about the party we are havin . Kinda bummed I didn't get around to finishing painting the apartment before we had a bunch of peoples over but I shall survive and promise to finish painting before my birthday ! I love my dear husband < PROPFEMALE > much ! 
Going to the fair 
yay trivia tonight , who's coming 
I think I think I think ..... Grrrrr !!! 
Still feels like a little kid sometimes .... 
wow , it has been one year today .... so excited for the next and i can wait to wake up next to my wonderful husband for many more to come . I love you < PROPFIRST > and yay for camping tomorrow ! 
25 ....... hope its not supposed to feel different ... because it doesn't .... \ 
yay for birthdays ! 
So does any one have any stories good or bad on chantix to help quit smoking ???? \ 
Trying to figure out if it's a good choice for < PROPFIRST > and I .... The chantix thing not the quitting smoking part .... Already know smokings bad mmmmmkay .... 
< PROPFIRST > and I finally bought our own discs for disc golf now we can play anytime we have free time together ! Between two jobs and a full class schedule I wonder how much that will be ? At least we have them so that it will be a possibility . Maybe I can teach < PROPMALE > to come And be good ...... Then it could be a family occasion 
Also , time to renew our lease ... I think it's wonderful that they've decided to raise the rent ..... Flipping lovely ! 
just so there is no confusion , being sick definitely freaking sucks ... \ 
that is all ..... 
so ..... it seems i only want a cig when i'm bored ..... any thoughts on how to stay busy when not smoking ? 
Also , first night with < PROPFIRST > working nights again and .... i didn't sleep very well . bummer ... 
its early and even though i haven't been smoking for almost two weeks now ... it seems the cravings are hitting more often since yesterday ..... must strive for more will power ... 
yay for vets !.... thank you 
In case anyone was wondering ..... moving out of an apartment building at 6 am is not nice to the people sleeping .... especially if you are banging every piece of furniture on the metal stairs as you go .... \ 
Now I'm grumpy and awake who would have thought ? 
Sooo work plus tired = no good 
Five hours left till I can go home and take a hot bubble bath .... I can't wait . For some reason I've been chilled all day ... 
off to work .... something tells me today is going to be a long day 
oooo I get to finish painting my apartment today . Kind of exciting . \ 
first I was excited about buying curtains and a deep freezer now ... I'm excited about painting .... How lame am I ? lol 
soooo my living room is now painted ..... now for the hallway ... and i need to figure out what I'm doing with my damned kitchen i keep changing my mind ... 
Also , soon my curtains will be up !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
my apartment will soon look like a home and not some bachelor pad ! yayness ! 
AWwww my hubby brought me a huge stuffed frog :) he's so sweet ! 
went to see life as we know it last night with my brother , good ... not a tear jerker but good 
boredom has set in ... hubby is sleeping till he has to go to work ... I can either ... find some game to play or go buy a big bottle of wine and finish painting the hallway ... thinking wine sounds good ... but nothing else does ... 
what to watch ? big bang theory or true blood ? 
oooooh yeah saw a funny pepto pink car on the way to the grocery store .... not something you see every day 
i should go to sleep and wake up again ..... try to start today over ... 
my hubby bubby goes to work soon .... * POUT * finishing off my bottle of wine , then sleeeeeeep :) 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want - to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique ... way . 
BEER !!!!!!! 
winter is here ... i am excited . Although , with < PROPFEMALE > weather it will jump back up into the 70's in a few days ... the weather can't decide if it wants to stay cold yet . :( I totally need to put more thought into planning our ski trip .. 
Also , i need a giant box ... and then a small box . Must trick small child on her birthday ! 
< PROPFIRST > and i havent been smoking for a month . i am very very excited ! 
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human \ 
beings infinite distances continue , a wonderful living side by side can \ 
grow , if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole against the sky . \ 
-- Rainer < PROPFIRST > Rilke 
< PROPFIRST > and I bought our livingroom set today :) we'll get it in a few weeks . I'm so excited !!!! 
Excited .... excited ... excited .. Christmas will be here soonish and we will have a lovely time and my home is all decorated . Also , I have made 3 pounds of sugar coated pecans .... mmmmmm yum ! I'm just so happy go lucky ... 
work ........ still tired from the busy day yesterday .... bummer 
I'm not crazy , I'm passionate . \ 
it fits .. 
house full of new furniture i feel oddly satisfied !!!! 
Send me a number to my inbox and I will post how I feel about you 
I am goig to make a huge breakfast tomorrow , pancakes , homemade hashbrowns , eggs , toast , bacon , fruit ..... I want my house to smell like heaven in the mornig :) 
Home soon ! 
good night :) 
Wow my house still smells like bacon and pancakes from this morning ... Odd but comforting 
Ooo and < PROPFIRST > brought me\ 
Roses :) such a sweet hubby 
so , waiting to go to the dermatologist .... 1:30 should really hurry up .... 
Watching < PROPFEMALE>'s next top model , i've had 4 days off this week kinda going stir crazy ... I made two cheesey chicken n rice casseroles ..... 
looks dark out .... gloomy ... i like < PROPFEMALE > mornings ... 
Sometimes I wish more people got everything that they deserve , And that more people appreciated what they have .... And what they work hard to achieve .... 
trying to figure out what kind of puppy to get in feb ... 
mmmm mint oreos 
It's raining that makes me sad .... Hope it clears up by 8:30 
Wow , really thinking that I don't like having a hole on my shoulder .... 1 and a 1/2 weeks till its fully healed .. Wooohoo never let a dermatologist biopsy a mole .... Doesn't hurt during but damn ...... It feels awkward afterward ... 
Is reminded of how much she loves her husband everytime she spends a few hours without him . It's like missin my other half .... 
So ... Not thAt I'm complaining or anything but .... someones car alarm just went off for 20 mins at 4 am .... alright maybe I am complaining time to try to go back to sleep .... 
Very ready for bed .... But my body isn't ..... We shall see when I actually fall asleep ... 
Ate some panda express , took a bubble bath , been lazy on the couch cuddling with my hubby , lifes good .... Now if I could only get that foot massage I mentioned ... Lol mmm I'm spoiled sometimes 
Waiting for my < PROPFIRST > bear to get home .... I think I automatically wake up early so I can kiss him when he gets home , there is no other reason to wake up at 6:30 
Awake again at 6:30 , no alarm clock needed this woman just wakes up ! What the heck the sun isn't even up ! I need to stay awake later maybe ??? And < PROPFIRST>'s not due home for another 30 mins .... I'm pretty sure boredom will set in 
Btw ........ Need coffee !!! 
Drinking coffee , sitting with my hubby listening to music and chatting .... Times like these make me so mushy sentimental emotional .... I'm such a goofball 
So maybe I'll be the last one to get snow :( I wanted to walk thepuppy in it he walks so funny when his feet are cold 
Wish I had boots then I'd really let < PROPMALE > run ramant in the snows 
Yay for bubble baths ..... So relaxed . Tomorrow work ( possibly ) and an oil change .... And ... Umm yeah that's pretty much it besides loving my hubbub . :) 
Wonders why people think it's cool to be a pain in the ass ...... 
I feel weepy today ..... Blah 
Needs a smile to brighten her day .... Maybe just another bubble bath will do the trick 
My eye ball\ 
Hurts :( 
went out to play pool this evening .... fun ... definitely wanna do it again ... not terrified of the bar we went to so all and all a good two hours spent :) yay for happy times ... 
< PROPFIRST > and I have a new family member !!! We picked out a new puppy today ! 
just finished shopping for tires ... getting new checks and pampering myself with a manicure and pedicure ... lovely rainy day off 
Sitting at sportstime chilling till my rings are fixed at < PROPMALE > ... 2 hours to kill 
Yay for dealership prices ! I freaking love spending over a hundred dollars on one thing .... Not 
Sleep needs to come back to me so that i am not a grumpy < PROPFEMALE > at 7 am .... 
Is sick .... And grumpy ... Blah 
Doesn't really wanna go to the dentist tomorrow ... Thinking about it makes my teeth hurt ...... I get to have a old root canal retreated and crowned yay go me ! 
