is working on a picture - his camera doesn't like his computer . 

ignore the goofy picture ! 
is catching up on two days of homework because of the choir contest ! 
it feels like Friday today , which means that tomorrow will suck ... 
is slacking the night before the ACT !! 
The wildflower one is definitely not like me . Atleast the first two sentences . 
has just gotten back from a long weekend at the State tournament , and will probably be very tired for the next few days . 
is busy thinking . 
is already making plans for the summer - less than 4 weeks to wait !!! 
has too many reasons to go to bed before midnight , but isn't anyways . 
was ready for paintball ... but now it's been postponed . 
has thought of a way to create free energy ! Too bad we won't be able to use it for 5000 years ... 
is very tired from 6 NHS hours in one day ... 
watched iron man and was accepted at OSSM !! 
got done with my OO at one o'clock - still time enough to sleep ! 
Schools out for summer !! 
will now forever wonder \what if ? \"" 
had fun at the cookout at the park ! 
BIKE TRIP !!! 
is finally back from the bike trip ! 
13 hour road trip ... ugh ... 
The street is a river !!! 
finally beat the computor stopping him from getting on facebook 
is back from falls creek - it was so much fun ! 
is back from < PROPMALE > ! Can't wait till next year ! 
one week ' till ossm , and i'm only halfway done reading ... READ LIKE A MADMAN ! 
school starts tomorrow ... except for me and < PROPFIRST > ! OSSM already rocks ! 
UGH ! last two episodes of Burn Notice are after i go to ossm !! Noooooo ! 
1 week real time = 1 month at ossm . I survived my first month of ossm ! 
figured out how to post via AIM ! 
Freedom ! 
4 weeks of mental hell and all i get is one weekend ? sheesh ! 
In the apple store at OKC mall ! 
Home again ! 
Goodbye , world ! See you in 3 weeks ! 
New Laptop AND i get to be home for a week ?! This day keeps getting better !!! 
Is home for the weekend ! But only for two days . 
Is home for Christmas break ... time to sleeeep . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! 
It feels like summer but ... all of the leaves are off of the trees ?? 
discovered The Office on Netflix ... so far i'm on season 4 . I know I need to stop BUT I CAN'T!!! 
Flippy Hair ! ( like if it was better ) 
It feels so wrong to be going home already .... but I like it ! 
Look out ! It's a Banshee !!! 
FREEDOM !!!! 
Great weather , at home , no homework ... Best weekend ever ! 
Apple store FTW !! 
It is early in the morning , he feels tiredness in his eyes from the long day , when suddenly , A Thought , A Realization ! He has not checked Facebook since his return ! A brisk dash to the keyboard like lightning in the night sky , and all is well . 
Is totally using tomorrow to visit everybody back at Bville ! 
meh 
Guys , Girls , I don't know how this happened , it must have snuck up on us ... but ... Prom is in less than a week !! 
is toootaly loving Russian techno !! 
just found out about Epic Rap Battles of History !!! Best Ever ! 
Has anyone started a CO2013 facebook < PROPFEMALE > for our juniors yet ? We might want to get that started before orientation day . 
There's nothing in the world like a hot shower after a 10 mile run in this heat !!! 
Anybody know a good place to get some good sunglasses in town ? 
Running/Biking = good workout . Kettlebell Class = Great workout . Kickboxing Class = Unbelievable workout !!! ( I actually broke a sweat ! ) 
Hey , look , facebook blocks your password ! ********** See ? 
Is back from one of the best bike trips ever !! 
\Long hair is more comfortable in March\ " - My Subconscious " 
2050 !! Good for me , anyways ! 
the boombox is NOT a toy !!! 
I've been having waaay too much fun this summer - going back is going to be a shock to my system ! 
I played Texas-style ping-pong ... It left welts . 
21 mile run ftw ! 
< PROPMALE > Trip !! 
Went to an amazing electric light show !!! FOR FREE ! 
Looking back , I've enjoyed the Summer greatly , but I've also missed school in a way ... Going back will not be so hard , or atleast I have to keep telling myself that . 
It's been over a year . Time for a new profile pic ! 
It feels good to be back ! Time goes by slowly , but I missed my friends like nothing else ! Here's to a great year to come at OSSM !! 
Random guy at Bricktown shouts \PARTY !! \ " to everybody . Everybody shouts \ " PARTY ! \ " back . Win . " 
The shortest distance between two points is always under construction . 
Oganic Chemistry Overload in progress . 
Never Forget . 
