As the seconds of what futures exist draw nearer , I cannot help yet to feel as though we are firmly set upon the bottom eyelid of some maternal or paternal < PROPFEMALE > ; who , as their seconds approach our centuries , feel the urge to blink , far too early , as we - excepting the cognoscente - antagonize unduly the divine cornea . Of course , however , I am just ' bitter , ' or ' mad . ' Realistically : I am too human . 

I think I'll be back on here around 9-ish ... hmm . Later , folks . 
A god is so by idea , -- not by principle . A being is by being , -- what else is there ? A mind is a mind , but only in a mind , -- we may only consider others . 
I have FINALLY procured me own bass - a Peavey Millennium BXP . I have been enjoying its company , without err , for the past ~ 48 hours . I'm now practicing Classical Thump , by Wooten . 
I have FINALLY procured my * own bass - a Peavey Millennium BXP . I have been enjoying its company , without err , for the past ~ 48 hours . I'm now practicing Classical Thump , by Wooten . 
hopes to see her next Tuesday , and possibly even tomorrow ! <3 
1 . The world is everything that is the case ; 1.13 The facts in logical space are the world ; 2 . What is the case , the fact , is the existence of atomic facts ; 2.011 . It is essential to a thing that it can be a constituent part of an atomic fact . 
5.4731 . Self-evidence ... can only be discarded in logic by language itself preventing every logical mistake . That logic is ~ a priori ~ consists in the fact that we -cannot- think illogically . 
Good night , little ones . 
Going to bed , soon . (: 
just woke up . Hey , it isn't morning yet ... interesting . 
is bored . Talk ? ~ 
Playing bass . 
If you must compliment yourself , then your validity is questionable . 
Some flagitious , linguistic acrobatics and a handful of cultured antithetical contemplation . Need I say more ? Kiss the comma , you know you needed it , nebbish . 
It is both medially entertaining and , to a greater partial , somewhat melancholic to see so much foolishness in one , cooperative conglomerate . 
Playing bass ( Chromatic Fantasia , J.S. Bach , & You Can't Hold No Groove , V . Wooten ) and reading on Disjunctive Syllogisms . I probably should be brushing up on my mathematics skills , au contraire . Which reminds me , I'm also skittering across this asinine AP French packet . 
misses < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Practicing those sextuplet patterns brought to you by Bach himself . Basting together bad measures with swift thumps , & c . & c . For the love of bass . 
Cello Suite in G < PROPMALE > , a cup of tea , and an illimitable bastion of poetry ... now , if I had a life , this scene would be complete . 
The average being cares for situations causally and conditionally ; this is little compliment to the destitute it aims to aid - for what genuine sparks of organic life are conditional exclusively ? I live unconditionally , no matter what spontaneous factors rise or fall , provided they are not fractions of my life force itself . A trophy sought for effort or affecting of emotions is a token for one's carapace only . 
Is that right , now ? You had intercourse ? You altered your consciousness ? You ruined your components ? Where were your achievements when your psychedelic wings deteriorated with sobriety ? Your dignity ? Yes : make it , it's all you shall possess in due time - machinated dignity , our most decadent yet . 
Not radical enough to conform to non-conformists ; not concerned enough to be a ' nerd ' ; not mindless enough to be a ' teenager ' ; not awake enough to ' succeed . ' I suppose you could call me a deadbeat among the motley , if you wanted to remember my colors . 
No ! there is nothing ! In the whole and all , / Nothing that's quite your own . / Yet this is you . - < PROPMALE > Pound , Portrait d'une Femme 
I now have my phone reactivated . 910.224.6958 . Going to go play bass . 
I've all the time in the world , and plenty to pass it with ; for some reason , all my science drives me to , at the bottom , pass with it nothing . What is wrong with me ? What is wrongness at all ? Perhaps a physiologist could tell me why my organs like destruction , why I burned those most significant to personal dust ; all my philosophy , thought , and ruminations have failed where I think nothing may succeed . 
To what should I relinquish my bearings ? To nothing , to nowhere , to -- no one ? Catch here this river wreath , as I fling it far upon the wind's stride , with the momentum of a graceless fall . 
The longer you prevaricate , the longer you have to fear the needle . 
Home is in sight , Angel ; hate me a little less , or pretend to , mayhap , while you follow the path of the innermost arm of my trident : ignore my horns , my encroaching , beastly marks ; if I must remain without your company , then I should revel in sending you to safe arms . 
As these limbs break in ever glacial pain / I wish to be lost amid smaller arms and fain , / from how this dying song now goes , there was none smaller , ---- than the rain on your nose . 
Presently considering writing another Facebook \Note . \ " I am also working on my Morning Glories opera suite . " 
I do not think anyone noticed . Or they did not care . For those who may be accurately listed under the second category , you seem all right . 
Sitting down with a cup of premium < PROPMALE > Gray tea and an encyclopedic expository on Gnosticism . The stage of the finest < PROPFEMALE > has been all but set . 
Working on \Les Chansons Nouvelles\ " canto - \ " Pour l'Amore de ... -- \"" 
... Was I not bruised ? Have you healed ? They dance to silence : but your song I hear .... 
Playing bass ( Limelight , Cello Suite in G , & < PROPMALE > Murders ) . Does anyone have song suggestions ? I want to procure a Jaco Pastorius tablature . 
And dost from this flame heart burnt old , / shall I despair , conjure , what could not conceive ; / inward like weak petals fold , / my heart , my soul , for her dead indeed . 
may be performing with < PROPFIRST > at the Dogwood Festival in April . Sounds pretty exciting . 
\A dog is not considered a good dog because he is a good barker . A man is not considered a good man because he is a good talker . \"" 
I am much like an eidolon : fleeting , wispy , silent . I am a being of the peripheral , never evincing myself in any way , and always remaining anonymous . If I had but a body I would be remarkably frangible - but a veritable reason to live , remarkably sanguine . Her breath is what perfumes of life in beasts require : her essence in such foolishness of wasted acts perspire . 
Working on two new pieces of music ... focusing on my instrumental bass etude , ' Paroles pour moi Amour . ' \Et puis je suis allé au marché aux esclaves / Et je t'ai cherchée / Mais je ne t'ai pas trouvée / mon amour\ " ... - J . Prévert " 
Working on two new pieces of music ... focusing on my instrumental bass etude , ' Paroles pour moi , Amour . ' \Et puis je suis allé au marché aux esclaves / Et je t'ai cherchée / Mais je ne t'ai pas trouvée / mon amour\ " ... - J . Prévert " 
I want not ... your facile , short roads , your professional faiths ... ornate digressions ... your best wishes , your sentiments , your interest ; I have but one thing ..., one plenipotentiary entity vibrating in both my mind and body , which has proved me human ... and morally equal . It is nothing more than a mirage ... a simile of existence : ... I will the original image to no longer be a mere bifurcation - I will you here 
Fire up the hearth , and fall into reverie . / In her absence , how cheerily dear she is to me . / And each < PROPFEMALE > tells me unbetrothed . / We kiss the night , from head to toe . 
Mercy I seek - at Purgatorio's frowning brow , / - at the Lioness ' shivery scowl ; / For lo ! all windows open < PROPFEMALE > her face , // Likewise and what muddy panes beset , / Her < PROPMALE > à forme wherever , I detect . / My heart dies per when I descry , / And my humors decay in sleepy pace . / - How I wrought a heart , < PROPMALE > I should die ! 
To cradle one in your mind is not like your arms ; to shelter them in a heart , no matter its puissance or fragility , is not like your arms . But the object of our affection deserves more than simply arms , their location or reciprocation to our affection being in ultimate despite . Love : unconditionally . 
Night is a time for brooding . Just beyond the watershed am I , how amazing my tears are in this creek , Just far enough away from home , -- just beyond the watershed , holding the familiar twinkling gods humbly . As I hurry home , forever , for the first and last time , I silently wonder how they judge me . -aCf . 
I've Lost You , Upon a Hill of Many Roses . 
This is the first time I have picked up my six-string in a long , long time ... I am not being easy on myself , nor too hard . Arpeggios from Hell by Malmsteen should suffice . 
I may curse the attentive with yet another Facebook ' note ' .... The night is still young , proverbially ; we'll see how things succeed . 
Night is a time for brooding , ye brood of thoughtful and thoughtless generations ; beg my pardon as I beg your salubriousness on the < PROPFEMALE>' and the morn ' next . Even in the parched face of death are the milks of life melting down from the heavens in plentiful cajolery ! You have slept a long time - on this night , remain awake , and drink ! 
The first and only game I have been excited about in many , MANY years : Final Fantasy XIV , Online . 
So sure of your surety , and all the ends of philosophy have only been so lucrative as to delineate the ubiquity of fallibilism . We cannot even be so certain you are alive ; I surely doubt that I am . 
I have finally produced another poem ; of consequence , I am rather disappointed with myself . I remember when slabbing these things together would harmonize the present . Regardless , \Epithalamium For The Dead In Their Graves\ " is finished . " 
I strongly dislike when individuals send you application invitations , and all they do is spam your friends . Time to edit my account parameters . 
I have solidified my decision : I am switching my senior project to piano / electric keyboards - if not that , bass guitar . Although no senior project whatsoever would be most amicable to me . 
Going to eat . I will return shortly . 
With our each and every personal miseries we entertain ourselves for some solace in digression , as I retire here with my sempiternal regrets and moths in my accouter . Good night and best wishes , as I will be up for some time beyond now , thinking , muddling , shaping , destroying ; with words I may ascribe some mild panacea for my wounds , yet only the passions of love itself may convalesce my bitter boils . 910.224.6958 
My brain is like an antiquarian grandfather clock , ominous and nearly speckled with ogives all over . With each passing hour , it absorbs every drop of moisture in the room , becoming heavier , more fragile - older beyond likewise comparison . It devours itself like the hungriest of beasts in their lonesome , abject upon some high < PROPMALE > , until , one day , my eyes will be unable to remain open forever . 
Closing , closing , ---- like gently petals every closing , vespertine buds to the sun concealing ; closing , closing , ---- to the night my heart revealing , and in the constant always dozing . 
' This song is for the soil that's toxic clear down to the bedrock ... where nothing of consequence can grow : drop your seeds there , let them all go . ' 
Changing , changing , ---- like a hummingbird feather's bold arraying , tortoise-like rock's sleeping , decaying ; changing , changing , ---- to the sun my head is swaying , and in the constant always arranging . 
Heard you not of the madman of the night ?, who was with his file -- and with his lantern , and calling in murderous tones the names of those deceased , and those who should be soon -- and of senility , among these other things mentioned ; -- and with sickly strides striking : a road , which could circumscribe a perennial mountain , tracing interminably circles above itself ; and only his treks would be the treks ever seen ... 
I'll mail my utmost apologies through time to < PROPFIRST > Penn for having not finished his admirable work , Fruits of Solitude , and to all of those burning passions I have left gelid in my hypersomniac tendencies . Good night , everyone . As a postscript , my band is practicing tomorrow . 
Calling , calling , ---- like a romance harp's tender sounding , a passion-filled heart drum boldly pounding ; Calling , calling , ---- my love is in the constant resounding , and at once its voice is falling . 
All of my strongest foundations are disintegrating , and I cannot help but find humor in it all . Perchance , once you have lost that one singular cog which provided continuity , the rest is a mere inconsequential wheel tumbling from a wall . 
Can anyone supply me with the required information for the < PROPMALE > Works Data Sheet for Death of a Salesman by tomorrow ? Any other arrangement would also be helpful . I would have done it myself , but I've been busy and rather ill this weekend . I appreciate it ~ 
My institution is perfectly arranged as an approbation for those ' great ' philosophers of the far-flung and nearby past , who , almost yawningly , pay particularly meticulous attention , at best , to their innate trifles and intellectualize them , or some laughable approximation of such . Where is the will to knowledge ? It's a special ingredient of the most outstanding , the nastiest , the most venomous ... 
Hello : feel free to text me . 910.224.6958 . 
Hope remains when the seeker faces an empty gourd for only so long ; so long to hope , and as to fate , and to destiny : I shall rely solely on what other natural forces bring me your shy rain . 
' Leaving . / The prospects are like the parcel I dropped / on my Muse's steep steps / years ago / before I was unearthed : what / did I look like , / I wonder , / before my face began ; / - was it like , / before I chanced , glanced her : / before I loved ? ' aCfáN . ---- 
' Returning . / The image is like a hoary figure / and a moor shaking hands / years ago / before they were unearthed : what / did they smell like , / they wonder , / as the animal fats burn / and a crying organ breaks down the street . / I wonder , as well : / do I play the organ , / or dost it play me , / as before I loved ? ' aCfáRN . ---- 
Everything is a perhaps . 
Memorization does not constitute intelligence , and all self-compliments are scars on your meritoriousness . Intelligence is adaptability , not knowledge ; knowledge : not the final measure of the being . Wisdom is infinitely more valuable and failure more positively pervasive than idle success . You are never as good as you believe , because you are hypostatizing a conjecture : - you are never ' SKILLFUL , ' - YOU ARE FALLIBLE . 
/ What I wasted on foolish escapes / for all our misconceptions ! / nay - they are mine , ' tis all mine ! / Lo , the rape of predilection ! // What I spurred on thinner wires / than your cinnamon lips bequeathed ... / I murdered a singular time , / and would a thousand over / if but only for your leaf . 
My cupidity is for her depths and its riches only . 
Transcribing a 17 minute song to tablature ... and the song itself is far from finished . Does anyone have the answers to the humanities questions ? I will be going to the hospital tomorrow , so I do not know if I'll have the time to do them ... thank you . 
Alas , again , the Madman of the Night is here , ever rampant and heralding the quietus of a once kind , once fooled fool ! No more is this appropriate ; he will search , perennially with his file , his ball and chain , this nocturnal route and despair those upon < PROPFEMALE > ; whence , and when , and how , he so chooses ! Behold ! these desiccated brains are at their own mercy - we have killed all else ! 
Does anyone have the answers to the humanities questions ? I've done everything this weekend with them as the only exception , and not from unabridged laziness : like I suspected , I spent most of the day in medical facilities . Any help is appreciated ; thank you . 
The goat-footed balloon-man whistles , far-and-wee . 
Tarradiddle - it's all taradiddle . 
So fake , fake , fake ... it is a shame your spitting lighters do not melt your wax when licking at your cigarettes . 
Whether you agree or disagree is not my concern ; my concern is inexorable and singular . May she one day know . 
Shy rain and hypnagogic < PROPFEMALE > s in an onyx vase . Looking to my right , there is an elk just outside the window pane , rapturously dipping its button-like nose into the soggy snow cresting the bubbling grasses . I smile as it trots listlessly and the vices upon the < PROPFEMALE > shafts grow tighter . Let the rain run rampant . 
I am not certain that I am certain to certainly ( or uncertainly ) be in the position to be either certain or uncertain , nor am I uncertain for this . The joys of certain uncertainty ! Look closely : there is not a single tautology here . 
The End . 
Working on a concerto for keyboard and orchestra , two symphonies , and an opera . < PROPFEMALE > me . 
910.224.6958 
What I wasted on foolish escapes / for all our misconceptions ! / nay - they are mine , ' tis all mine ! / Lo , the rape of predilection ! // What I spurred on thinner wires / than your cinnamon lips bequeathed ... / I murdered a singular time , / and would a thousand over / if but only for your leaf . 
doesn't feel well . 
doesn't feel well . [ 910.224.6958 . Parents are using the home phone . Text . Going to lie down . ] 
\There is nothing more educational than slowly dying . \"" 
\ ... and all of our shadows are Ashes Against the Grain . \ " There is nothing more educational than slowly dying . " 
The death of humanity is on the radio ... I needn't tell you to tune in : your fun's already begun . 
God save the < PROPMALE > of New Orleans . [ My home phone is not working ... feel free to text . 910.224.6958 ] 
Living with bipolar mania , GAD , and narcolepsy is comparable to dying without ; oftentimes , we motley beings do not do much to help ourselves in our precarious array , either . 
I need them ; I suppose I should have communicated more clearly then to avoid the now . 
With all the lies and falsifications , it's a wonder the majority of you are still so egregious at guile . 
Something goes in this song -- as Night , / cheerily presses the hours , / Something blows in the song -- of Night / that sweeps my lilies away , / as simply flowers . 
Again , but only for a second : / thunder : / Thunder : -- a chariot to home ... / because / he / would / stop / for / me . 
Please ask , please tell ; I'm much too weak to break from this hell -- please ask , please tell : I'm far too afraid to act myself . 
will be late to school tomorrow ... medical facilities , again . 910.224.6958 . 
will be late to school tomorrow ... medical facilities , again . 910.224.6958 . I'll be up for a while . 
will be devoured by ravenous make-up work and zombifying pills for the next week or two . That is , if they don't kill me , first . 
will be devoured by ravenous make-up work and zombifying pills for the next week or two . That is , if they don't kill me , first . [ Lying down ; text . 910.224.6958 ] 
~ It does ; you have no idea , but it does . And you have no idea , but I know of no way to fix anything I have undone - is there a way ? I would eagerly oblige , no matter . ~ 
My browser is ignorant , folks . I can never see who is online or otherwise , so just send me a message if you wish to talk . Thanks . 
My browser is ignorant , folks . I can never see who is online or otherwise , so just send me a message if you wish to talk . Thanks . [ 910.224.6958 , for texting ] 
Additive monsters and apostrophes won't help you find home , just explain the walls thereof . 
Additive monsters and apostrophes won't help you find home , just explain the walls thereof . [ 910.224.6958 ] 
Additive monsters and apostrophes won't help you find home , just explain the walls thereof . [ ~ 910.224.6958 - logging out ... ~ ] 
Okay ... the last time I give my password to a friend . Now I have some whore on my friend list . Time for some creative changes . 
The Anti-Christ is raising up his head , breathing in the morning air and singeing it with truculence and vivacity of apathetic spirit . Lo ! the < PROPFEMALE > is intelligent , for intelligence exists only in what constructs of nature are nature's alone ; men simply grasp at it to the laughter of cosmic daemons and archons . Study and study , friends , you'll never reach intellectuality ! 
Explain to me again , : -- thumpthelid to the tinder-box , revealing inner flame . Dying is such a spectacular , time , thing -- anyotherOne is away , just the same : such a profound bird-like thought : that in Love's loveliest love death is what we do , a day , a day , with a chain . 
' ... and your faith barely lasts until the church-bells fade . I sincerely wish you better luck tonight . ' 
910.224.6958 ... 
Pleased to meet you , let me introduce myself : I'm a man of wealth and taste . I've been around for a long , long year , stole many a man's soul and faith . 
We miss , instantaneously , the objective of philosophy when we philosophize in any spirit external to the will to knowledge . 
Sleep well , and you'll see that every morning we awake to an illusion and grasp at particles nonexistent : you'll see a different day : you'll see why people fall . 
Mon Dieu , quelle horreur ! ... -- : vivre sans .... -- Et alors , je l'ai vécue . Alors , j'ai permis mes yeux ... ( pleut ) -- : Je ne sens pas l'eau ... d'eau! Mon Dieu ! Quels cauchemars , ... -- sans des visages . ( II ., 2 , < PROPMALE > Paroles ... ) 
While filling out an NC State application , the school's server failed on the last < PROPFEMALE > . Furthermore , while shouldering through past records , I learned that I was actually born on the 7th of December , contrary to the 6th , and that at fourteen , I received [ ... ] mail from various religious organizations about the country , thinking that I was dying . Your inter-disciplinary prayers are with me , but I'm not quite finished . 
Aside from anonymizing and making those in quietus smell bad at a greater length , we may commemorate the industrial spirit , as there too is the positive borderland between those with and those without merit : like the lake , from the ocean ; the ocean , from the < PROPFEMALE > ; the < PROPFEMALE > , from the resident ; the resident , from her atoms ; the atoms , from its quarks ; its quarks , from its constituents . 
The measurement , no matter both its precision and accuracy , is subject to subjectivity and relative to relations solely ; it is not definite , logical , metrical , or decimal , but expressive : thus each trajectory : -a poem ; ... We imagine in the measurement and dole out our contentment with this , but it only appertains to appetence . But poems are infinite , both perennially large and small , like time , like space . Like light . 
There is nothing more educational than slowly dying . The world's most salient lectures and comprehensive textbooks fall short even of this end . There is , truly speaking , one apparat of education , and it is but death . The educational facility is like a mondegreen common and pervasive : stealing the symphony whence the true hero of the intellect and spirit goes unsung . 
There is nothing more educational than slowly dying . The world's most salient lectures and comprehensive textbooks fall short even of this end . There is , truly speaking , one apparat of education , and it is but death . The educational facility is like a mondegreen common and pervasive : stealing the symphony whence the true hero of the intellect and spirit goes unsung . [ 910.224.6958 ] 
Do not force inspiration - your muse is put , and your pole is spent , vibrating less meekly than Eternity's silent creeping -- your grasshopper not leaping -- as the still in their beds under your window , too dreamy of dreams to be weeping -- your felidae spirit , lightly sleeping ; your October , reverently keeping what cold winds are gently south creeping , and all your fingers tremulous more than mine own steeping . 
Insults and Sarcasm , may so provide , and by ultimate Providence , precise Summation of the Words of Authorship mine own , for me . 
To my love there is no diaphaneity such that even in the midst of the most ferocious summer floods , or harshest winter nights , dissipation is not remotely considerable . Nay , in spring and autumn both there is nurturing in the subtle ; in the otherwise , there is fortification in the extremes ; thus I will extoll both , with utmost praise : all seasons beset in the firmament have nurtured this my very germ of life ! 
With such terribly enervating ( and ' enervatingly ' terrible ! ) ' music ' , movies , ' self-fulfillment ' , & c . & c ., it is a wonder that humankind has waited so long to implicitly kill off itself ; if they are to leave behind a residue , then it shall be this sometimes useless sometimes graceful perseverance . On a side note , I feel absolutely dreadful beyond panacea . I do not know if I will make it to school tomorrow . 
With such terribly enervating ( and ' enervatingly ' terrible ! ) ' music ' , movies , ' self-fulfillment ' , & c . & c ., it is a wonder that humankind has waited so long to implicitly kill off itself ; if they are to leave behind a residue , then it shall be this sometimes useless sometimes graceful perseverance . 
One does not intellectualize the situation by responding to it , nor by fulminating cleverly , or even issuing forth several sentences from several languages in several angles for several reasons . No , the most erudite response is no response , and indeed the most mindful chimera is a chimera of a chimera . It isn't languor . It is observation . 
“Those who know don't tell and those who tell don't know . ” - “Before enlightenment ; chop wood , < PROPFEMALE > water . After enlightenment ; chop wood , < PROPFEMALE > water . ” [ My hair is now black . ] 
Take your potables elsewhere . Lose yourself in flying mental faculties , leaving their sculls behind . Over the fields curling with heat like a singed hair , the thinker's beak is forward , leaving no room for the dreamy stumps , the dreary mounds of clods , the droopy lashes of the fauna . Navigate !, brave Thinker , - and pluck up the wriggling , ' mud-luscious ' strings of decadence that writhe so strongly on the bank's face ! 
Two progressive folk songs and a possible impending classical rendition coming up ; a sonorous trance and blind eyes -- . Is there much else to look forward to ? 
The end . I have met the end . It was fatidic , as yesterday I contemplated it , driven ... like a sloppy premature dream . From the matutinal lights to the brisk little moon-fairies on the window , I saw her metamorphosis and her odyssey-like departure . But we always change . I changed for the end , some months ago , preparing to live to die , to burrow in the thrushes with the cicadas and foxes . I have met the end . The end . 
Last few minutes . 910.224.6958 . Does it make sense (.) I put things in order (?) 
... from the ant < PROPFEMALE > red-halls of snow to the opium-tipped cigarettes rol < PROPFEMALE > d in the orange-lighted parlor with billiards sprucing the victuals . On ... they went , driving tractors to dreams and corvettes to Area 51 , catching flame under the gun and catching colds under the sun ; they sprung from the pyramid's apical phallic spire ... And where are they ? Right here beside the loiterers ; ils iront d'amour devant < PROPFEMALE > coeur < PROPFEMALE > . 
The peculiar thing about Rousseau is , despite his mindful proclivities , he nevertheless submitted to the philosophically-decadent idea that man acts upon two principles : self-preservation , and , strangely following : PITY . But we all know that even all generated pity - what is not genuine is sought - is not a principle in itself , but a supra-mundane , as it were , form of self-preservation in the faculty of superstition . 
I shall be back online , later ... until then , feel free to text . 910.224.6958 
For some , perhaps , there are infinitely better things than to gain back a friend lost ; perhaps this could be me , as well , in the general ; - for how could I preclude it a priori ? - but here is no such case , and no such common friend . This circumstance is the infinitely better , and with time shall be all the better still . 
Good-morning Heartache ; you're like an old friend . Come and see me again . 
For some , perhaps , there are infinitely better things than to gain back a friend lost ; perhaps this could be me , as well , in the general ; - for how could I preclude it a priori ? - but here is no such case , and no such common friend . This circumstance is the infinitely better , and with time shall be all the better still . [ 910.224.6958 ] 
I sincerely hope there is no one , who so takes advantage for their very faculties of movement , of thought , of consciousness , that they disregard the virtues therein ; for , everyday , somewhere in that quotidian ... I have felt by means of vestige by vestige the subtle dying of the aforesaid . This is no quote , and no empty parable ; this is a first-person account of inadvertent , primal , biological self-destruction . 
I am a nerd ... 
As for that last status update , I did not write that : it would be counterproductive to my personality to do so . I've spent so much time fulminating on useless little trifles being put into status updates for far too long to go and issue some trendy little epithet for cyber-jockies to muse over . On a side note , my computer has been partially repaired , so I'll be mending it from here on out . 
What a witness to the antithetical in that people strive to demonstrate the superiority of their intelligence at lengths and with effort , or whatsoever , no matter its gravity , where with no effort or objective a rival is produced and oftentimes is superior to the effected products of the ostentatious ' intellectual . ' If you wish to make inquiry a contest , prepare for a megrim and failure in a hellish hand-basket . 
What but doth silence and repression uph'ld , / amidst her charms residing and fleeing / is but littl'st token to my passions ' ere-in / small'st still to my dole at her leaving . 
What but doth silence and repression uph'ld , / amidst her charms residing and fleeing / is but littl'st token to my passions ' ere-in / small'st still to my dole at her leaving ... [ 910.224.6958 . Messages replenished . ] 
' Like some parts of paradise , a dangerous spider was superimposed above the flat concrete , lying menacingly just beyond the asphalt—a voluminous beast painting its shadow—a gray departure from the milieu , a milieu which was noticeably interspersed with flickering butterflies and the tintinnabulation , the tee t-t eet , of rustling , red , ruffled creatures—upon which hushed vehicles hugged bumpers impatiently . ' ... 
Your vibrant bipolar heart is but most coupled ever with mine own deadbeat beats , and yet this game of < PROPFIRST > days and inundating legs flowing sadly in and out of sight , pursues ; and , like a suitor chasing Valhalla , my silence and ignominy are both conjoined unto a single license to entire and sempiternal melancholy , as then the breadth of an apparent universe shall have shouldered its way into the portrait . 
Come on baby light my fire . 
In progress : Bradenburg Concerto No . 2 , Mvn't . 1 - J.S. Bach ; Little Wing - Jimi Hendrix ; Speed of Light - < PROPFIRST > Satriani ; Arpeggios from Hell - Malmstein . Also perusing this wonderful ' College Physics ' book I got today - for FREE . 
Watching the modern rendition of Hamlet and studying the variations of units of measurement throughout time . 
I distract myself from your absence with Mahjong and science , and only get but glances of this , my treasure , by five daylights a week . Little is this absence to what came before , and smaller still than to what is to come . But love , Mahjong , and science are but my perfect ingredients for integrity and devotion to this , my treasure : and again we shall sever this silent , approaching distance , in time . 
Being alive and dead at once is both entertaining and tiring . Even waking am I dreaming , and dreaming forgetting ; and forgetting remembering ; and remembering thinking ; and thinking overlooking ; and overlooking saddened ; and saddened amazed ; and amazed in the only Kingdom , which is under the rock , in the sea : in the seed , the lion , the man engulfed - and in all this , destitute without that vibrant bipolar heart . 
Today I received , for my ' efforts , ' the National Presidential Scholarship , worth $ 50,000 total , accumulated in occurrences of $ 12,500 per semester , on the basis that I , throughout my ' high-school career , ' have so ' focused ' on my education that -- on the highest margins measurable -- I so dutifully ' applied ' myself to a percentage not even a fraction of the totality ; ... 
The Anti-Christ rears his sleepy head , coarsens the tidal mass's linens with a gentle roar , denaturing the nature , devaluing the values ; and , like a hibernating copse his leaves steady , the sky emboldens with dusk , and the tweeting creatures depart : he falls dead . Poesy bear him witness . Philosophy bear him witness . - Witness shall bear them none ! 
I would beseech my heart for a compass , / yet it gave back only its moving tiers - / By looking , distraught , in my spirit's tarn / Learned , the face had I been for all these years . 
I go to bed , dying still , with little minds quoting bigger ones in song ; can you not quote your own - and not just so , but with expressiveness , with precision ? Any thing is prejudged in its constituent things , and all things are not necessarily a certain way , but , by necessity are any given certain way . And you still have yet to delineate the arteries . [ Visiting South < PROPFEMALE > over the weekend . ] 
Practicing guitar and not doing much else . I cannot use the phone tonight ... it is IN USE . Message me ~ 
For those who ask incessantly , I am not responding to your texts because I have exceeded my alotted amount ; et pour mes amis francophonies : je n'ai pas < PROPMALE > plus messages du texte . 
THE RELIGION OF RELIGION , a comprehensive , beginning-to-end , non-fictional treatise which shall ILLUMINATE and EXPOUND FULLY UPON the purpose of religion , why it is , how it became , what it's becoming , WHAT it TRULY is , and how no contemporary ' religion ' is a religion - it is now being written ; -- scorn it , for my enjoyment ; -- the time has come to dispose of belief , and engage in the revelry of KNOWING . 
Staring at the night sky , the xeno-dimensional ... genii ... construed a name to the < PROPFEMALE > , a sound to the sky , a linguistic basket [ for ] earth ... : ... reality set forth reality . Such resplendence and fascination : worship began , ... and lewd religio-civil sectors full of spiritual tyros sprouted . Eventually a particularly skillful woman or man jumped beyond ... Pistis toward Noetic thought ... and Gnosis began ... 
The greatest metaphor for life is that ... the essence thereof is much like the concept of dawning a splendid bravura - an elegant dress , a lofty suit - and making in the locality and environment the most choice of choices , and among those Mysteries of life , adding to the fatigue of the weary , careworn threads among your vestment ; and , at death , with our wisdom alone , we throw ... this tired suit , and find another . 
' Je pense que cet homme est d'une salade du cauchemar ( nightmare salad ) ... ' Juste < PROPFEMALE > restez en russe , Allods .... 
Hé , cherchez ... < PROPFEMALE > guide pour achetant des téléphones mobiles ; êtes content que vous avez < PROPFEMALE > obtenu avant gâchant ... peut-être .... 
I suppose everyone is demonstrating their integrity by seeing a certain movie tonight . 
It's a Gnostic trail , haphazardly following the theoretical footsteps of Choronzonic mystery from the scripts of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , through Crowley , and to the grimoires of metatheism and the adumbration of the 23rd gate , only to end up again in the Judaic Garden of < PROPFEMALE > . But this is what I do in my spare time . This is what I do , period . 
We met , / by accident . /I died / by it too . 
\ ... with fingers trembling on the cello strings of / their throat unlike yours carved for singing . \"" 
Hypocritical persons , viz . hereby ANTETHETICIANS , are trained in the arts of foolishness , viz . hereby SACRILEGE , and reside in your deepest acquaintanceships ; blind persons , viz . hereby EVERYMAN , read not from their library but from society , viz . hereby THE REPOSITORY ( of man's ' progress ' ) ; the message of true punk-rock , viz . hitherto and always GNOSIS : NEVER BELIEVE - ALWAYS ~ KNOW ~ 
910.224.6958 - Number is back up . Text first ? I never text first , myself ... I really do not like the idea of disturbing anyone . So if you wish to speak , text ~ you won't disturb ME . 
Send me furthest from the sun . 
\It seemed as by all appearances a computer or wires held me with you in my heart . Behind the screens and digital birds\ 
Be back later ; 910.224.6958 - someone text ?? ~ 
Shamatha is the one-pointed mind , the focused , diamond-like , persevering mental body of shi-ne - it is silence ; it is the first step toward Samadhi : utmost ecstacy , and perfect self-understanding . 
People suffer continuously and many expect them to wait for a solution to their ailment ; one who suffers does not want to , and sometimes cannot , ' wait . ' The truth is , steps to the solution are readily available , now - one need not ' wait ' until later . This is Gnosis . This is practical living . 
We confess to living ' the life , ' or a life bountiful in bliss , and in the same moments complain or reproach within this very same vehicle , through which we are given such abilities ; nay , we live by remembrance , and thus we live not at all - for never has an image ' lived , ' and only until we fearlessly face the Inner Abyss of memory shall we live only in the fleeting now . 
I have yet to find genuine honesty or virtue except in that which we call ' < PROPMALE >.' 
Must you remain my Olympe Dunoyer , ever still but always flying ? My poesy doth tread rapid , alas on trailing garments dying . 
Must you remain my Olympe Dunoyer , ever still but always flying ? My poesy doth tread rapid , alas on trailing garments dying . [ 910.224.6958 ; text ] 
We spend years earmarking faith and filling our fairweather pockets to their brims with it , only for it all to fall out in the brambles ubiquitous on the earth . The fact of the matter is , there is no existent merit for cultivating faith in mere belief exclusively . When we engage spirituality , rather than scrutinize or peruse it , and entertain it through all facets of life , we sow faith of the heart , not the pocket . 
Bored ... anyone want to talk ? Just looking through some old writings of mine , might throw some up here in the ' Notes ' thing ~ 
It gets so complicated / if you live enough . / Turn in to what you hated : / you're breaking up . / The times I feel like nothing , / you bring enough / so I can live for something ; you lift me up . / And all these bad dreams ; / I wake up to the light ... / and when I can't see / I wake up to your eyes . / Wake me up : / There's a light up ahead . 
If there is but one thing I work on no longer despising , it is the instance when people only communicate with each other because of ' attraction . ' Should I want a friend , I'd want a genuine friend . ' Romance ' is far too ubiquitous in today's culture , displaying our tendency to survey the world through the lowest of the ' three brains , ' and this has but severed several ' friendships ' and wastes our collective time . 
You make less sense than < PROPFIRST > XIV . It's painfully apparent that you won't ever surpass the level of a hopeless Epicurean . Now : on to important things . 
Now I'm feeling under the weather . I need to stop reading Catholic < PROPFEMALE>'s insults to < PROPFIRST > XIV/Le Roi Soleil and eat something ... 
Your mission was a failure . But mine won't be . 
“He is not strong and powerful who throweth people down ; but he is strong who witholdeth himself from anger . ” - HH , the prophet Muhammad . 
Today's ' artists ' are the cutest failures since 16th century French economics . 
It should not be this difficult for a hypersomniac to sleep . But the act of living is the toil of the most lively as well . 
Good-morning heartache . You're like an old friend - come and see me again . 
Logging out . Someone text me . :] 910.224.6958 
Our most devastating blows are oftentimes our most crucial edifications - fruits in a poison's robes . Many a time have we fallen in the crevice of a dire , saddened earth , and have emerged triumphant and inspired by low-lying , moist , life-giving soil . Those who suffer most and climb to the mouth of the falling are the ones who have lived the most , and have learned the most . 
Bored ; text ~ 910.224.6958 
\Working class girl puts her money to the test ... Yeah . She's got a new dress : she's gonna look her best . Yugoslavia's been blown to bits ... Yeah . She's got a new dress : she's lookin ' to the west . \"" 
I cannot see the status feed OR who's online in the chat . So just message me / Facebook chat me / text me if you want to reach me anyone . 
Going to play guitar . If you're bored too , text me :] 910.224.6958 
If you must idly wait for something , then do so for Death and none other . It shall not disappoint you . 
If only they knew . 
Decisions , decisions .... 
There is one thing that matters , and it doesn't even know it . Well , it could . But it more than likely does not . 
Ugh , so indecisive . I'm terrible at these kinds of things . 910.224.6958 - have to go . Someone text ?? 
Be back later . 
My balance on my phone is out . So if you need me ... get a hold of me on Facebook . 
Saying ' I love you ' are not the words I want to hear from you . It's not that I don't want you not to say it , but if you only knew how easy it would be to show me how you feel -- more than words is all you have to do to make it real ; then you wouldn't have to say you love me - ' cause I'd already know . 
Getting off for the night - you can TRY texting , but I don't think my account's working right now [ 910.224.6958 ] . Someone leave me some honesty box or 21 questions useless craps so I can have something interesting to peruse tomorrow . Haha ... boring days . ( HE BEAT THE CHESS DRAGON ! ) Excuse me - one moment ... I'm transmitting rage . 
Simple tonic arpeggios and part-playing today . 
:))) 
Will be back online later . For the first time in a while I'm having a genuinely good day . ;)) 
' The margins of the cosmos are rushing to an end / By the very impetus that ignites me forenoon again , again . / The raw pulchritude : / -- that implodes this corse with life / A transcendental rhythm : / -- bore up against my wanton fife . ' 
I need my cell phone back !!! 
Waiting for someone to get online <3 
SEMI-afk , be back now & later ... ha ... waiting for someone to get online <3 
<3 What minute rills rarely run , with / a rapport glazed by a soul / ablaze / —and still find room for the sun / in leafy tresses locked and / raised / —and all nails plucked from our folds ? <3 - a great night it has been . :] 
Sweet Misery , count on me . 
' Well I wait around the train station - waitin’ for that train - waitin’ for the train , yeah ; take me , yeah , from this lonesome place . Well now a whole lotta people put me down - a lot ‘a changes ... my girl had called me a disgrace . ' I'm using the browser which doesn't let me see online people . So message me if you need my attention . 
Sweet Misery , count on me ; O Sweet Misery , I'll keep you company . 
There's a flood down in Texas , all the telephone lines a ' down ... [ I hate my internet connection ... ] 
I have trudged this far into a motionless morn , now I may certainly with discipline persue an ultimate divine truth , and dedicate to memory the words of the Tibetan Book of the Dead . If but there were more hours to each day , to find happiness , that we may as sentient bodies all achieve this greatest success ; and in felicity discover truest love whence our hearts do cringe most at insufferable travesty . 
' And I know , that it's true : all the fire has burned through . Well you know I've played so hard . And the light grows so dim , and my time's getting slim . All the words just don't mean much . And I know I'm saying goodbye - and I know that I'm going : down to die . ' 
Thinking about a mohawk . What do you think ? 
' Flowers , I sent , were found dead on their arrival ; the words , I said , inserted foot in my mouthful . So when we dance , my lead it isn't so graceful . I'm a hapless romantic , a s t-t -tuttering p-poet ; just call me a tragic comic , ' cause I'm in ... in love with you . ' 
Give them the boot , the roots , the radicals . 
You say there's talk of revolution - so what's new ? You say there's fighting in the air . You think that I've got the solutions , but do you really think that's fair ? Try and take control of it , ' cause what you see is what you get ! Try and take control of it ... -And not me ! * Don't wanna be nobody's hero ! Don't wanna be nobody's < PROPFEMALE > ! Don't wanna be nobody's hero : get up , get out , be what YOU are ! * 
When I fell it was awful nice : caught when not suspecting vice . The night was rife with wasteland life . You set my arm alight . 
Still they come up to me , with a different name but the same old face . I can see the connection , with another time and a different place . They ain't blonde-haired or blue-eyed , but they think that they're the master race . They're nothing but blind fascists brought up to hate and given lives to waste . 
I sure would if I could get rid / of all you suburban trust-fund kids . / Lost a ' love , ' or your battery's down - life's such a jerk ; ' magine you stepped out ' your tax brackets - really had to work ! / You're all teen revolutionaries - ahead of all the game . / Sorry to let you know , kids , your ideas are all the same . 
Ahh ... Srijeda , do vi ? enja ... ? etvrtak , zdravo . 
A fool needs most her or his < PROPFEMALE > . It was even the Sphinx , who , in all magickal understanding , and laboriously crafted by the esoteric hands of virtuosos and tyros , and thereby locked into shapeless yet shaped form , and having the Gift of surveying - in order to preserve the integrity thereof - the Realm of the Dead - who , male or female ... obtained not her or his wings until many years of fruition and < PROPFEMALE > . 
' Whatsoever you do , I want you to remember this here : you can't hold no groove if you ain't got no pocket . ' - V.W. 
The universe and her permutating laws only allow for stupidity and foolishness for so long , before it kills it , or them , off . Let us give thanks in that it gives these letterless minds the < PROPMALE > to persue a < PROPMALE > - again . 
?? ?? ??. 
I posit that the true , quasi-subliminal message of the latest ' Above The Influence ' campaign commercial is that , with enough alcohol , or illegal substances , one may procure rather legitimate dancing skills . Way to be counter-productive ! 
Frylock : ' Where do you think our TVs come from ? ' Master Shake : ' Jesus ? ' Meatwad : ' No . It's < PROPFEMALE > Clause . ' Master Shake:' It's the same thing . ' Meatwad : ' No , it ain't ... and I should know . I'm Jewish ................. From this day forward . ' 
Almost mastered < PROPMALE > Sawyer ; now I'm working on implementing that into a rough practice of Dream Theater's ' Home ' ; finally working on it , < PROPFIRST > ! If there's one , non-musical thing I love about bass , it has to be that there is some charm in receiving next to no credit for the love and hard work one must incorporate into their time spent with the instrument . 
' Lorsque , par < PROPFEMALE > décret des puissances suprêmes , / < PROPFEMALE > Poète apparaît en ce monde ennuyé , / Sa mère épouvantée et pleine de blasphèmes / Crispe ses poings vers Dieu qui la prend en pitié ... ' - < PROPFIRST > Baudelaire 
Female ( clean ) vocalist and drummer required - we currently have a lead guitarist , bassist , and keyboardist (?); please contact < PROPFIRST > Blanchard or myself via Facebook for additional information and/or additional contact information . Leave your ego behind . We're looking to do a cover of Dream Theater's ' Home , ' and we're planning on writing material that is somewhat comparable to Deadlock - search either for examples . 
People rush to help others mostly for attention , information , and merit . You can strive for any of these and you shall always die unfilfilled ; and one of them only exists on the planar level of the ludicrous , human mind . The majority of you live in a fantasy multiverse notwithstanding . 
Reading on the Raja and Hatha Yogis . Message for my attention . I can't see who is online notwithstanding . 
Now compiling a list of religion- , philosophy- , and general ' spirituality'-based chapters in which various issues shall be dealt with . As this will be a public project , you are free to submit your own ideas , questions you wish to have answered , & c . & c . All answers , & c . & c ., shall be conferred via the ' Notes ' application . Thanks ( Postscript : know a singer or drummer ? Please let me know ) . 
Whilst browsing some of the oldest pieces in my repository , it suddenly struck me that I owed one or two people some songs a time ago , before my computer malfunctioned ... ' Fate is ' twined to daily < PROPMALE > / yet some claim not thru reckless dance . / Let us , two hearts , blindly ignore / Fate's neb'lous hands , ours < PROPMALE > or poor - / and , blindly ignore , Fate's erratic dance / and decide not if it be / true , or romance . ' 
' one eyed one horned flying purple people eater ' - the greatest lyricist EVER . 
Om mani padme hum . 
The lesson of life is to let go . The moment you grasp , you begin to die twice as fast , and there is no certainty that even the most wise shall survive the day . There is no more lascivious and painstaking suicide than clinging . Let go . Be not idle , idleness is a sure bullet - be not assuming , to assume is to ride the fuse to the bomb . Let go : and be . Do not seek , and you shall find . 
How unfortunate we are to but be creatures able to succumb to Love , when she or he is not a Force which is inclined to dispose of Secrecy , nor to give us Hints , when we should find it . Ah , still I await the gentle nimbus and that Shy Rain's balm o'erhead . 
Finally , I have a functioning computer . 
Practicing bass slaps and pops . Finally getting them ' down ' to a somewhat measurable degree . Today I was told that I was a good singer by my professor and could easily keep up with the others in the Noblemen men's choir , despite , well , never having really < PROPFIRST > ... ever . We'll be recording a jazz song for a Christmas project , and that will be available on the internet for everyone . 
When I love , I have only loved once . I have loved , once , and forever , and that shall never change . Those who know of me this single property are indeed select , and only they know the answer to the ubiquitous question the inquirers tug like unwieldy fishnets over my head as to me being ' single ' . I am single of course because at one singular moment passing she made me whole , but also because she is far away . 
Writing poetry again . 
Ae fond kiss and then we sever ; / A farewell , and then forever ! 
Would you know my name if I saw you in Heaven ? Would it be the same ... if I saw you in Heaven ? 
' But / it wasn't baroque , in / any means - no , it wasn't / broken , by any means - / never was , / or did , / will ; - and I'm writing / now not to you , / not to me , / but to it , holding our hearts , / and them / together . ' - Profile of a Silver Necklace . 
Mashing out a quick literacy narrative before I scribble down some notes for daily English journal assignments . This is almost reminiscent of school work . 
Only the insecure , slothful , or those without skill need boasts , or even attempt to do so , or even have traces thereof in their personas - for music , we may take cogent examples from history : all arrogant ' musicians ' or pseudo-musicians are or were , at best , technicians : those who have trained to execute memorized patterns . This is not < PROPMALE > or philosophy : this is garbage , they are garbage . You litter the world . 
Message me if you wish to talk ; as some of you know , I use an unbelievably ergonomic browser that performs everything flawlessly ... with the exception of showing me who is on Facebook chat . 
Time only becomes infinitely smaller ; for you , this only means you have so much more time to suck even more , and focus on ' succeeding ' at the stupidest , most trivial things . Enjoy being wrong and alone , the rest of us are moving on . 
Do not believe anyone and their assertions until they have promised to lie to you . Then , they are a fraction honest . Then , you may count on their word . Then , you may be of the honest who need not lie , because you have this gift afforded from others . 
And I built the cathedrals with the shells you left in the hole of a tree . 
I am absolutely sick of the amorous people which overrun all places occupied with their indigenous , primal soups of outer attraction . If you want to speak with me , do it in friendship , or quasi-friendship , or in seeking friendship . This is how true bonds are formed anyhow . 
If even minor < PROPFEMALE > of the body is a difficulty , then one could only slightly construe the task of acquiring a < PROPFEMALE > of the intellect . 
Can't win for losing . 
True love does not hold , constrict , or grasp . It lets go when need be , when the other shall benefit . It pushes when the other stops , if but only for their benefit . Never mistake neuroticism for true love . True love is independent , requiring nothing but your own being . 
How can one live without noticing how stupid and inconsequential ' existence ' is ? Look at our photographs , our inventions , our ' values , ' our beliefs - they are all hilarious , useless , and mean on the smallest level nothing . The human mind gives it ' value , ' and the human mind is without value . It comes and goes with the human , so everything I scribe here is also stupid , and inconsequential . 
Bored . 
I've lost you , upon a hill of many roses . 
People rarely listen to a poem , because they are so foolish as to think it is < PROPMALE > . 
here is little < PROPFEMALE>'s head / \ 
whose brains are made of gingerbread / \ 
when the judgment day comes / \ 
God will find six crumbs 
\\ 
\O Distinct\ 
what does little < PROPMALE > croon\ 
in his death at afternoon ? \ 
( kow dow r 2 bul retoinis\ 
wus de woids uf lil Oinis 
sick , sick , sickly sick , \ 
and all the more sicker i snicker\ 
at it . 2enraptured \ 
amours\ 
with kissingeyes and lovescented\ 
arms-i-despise ;\ 
the suit of love ( my'friend ' ) , is not quite\ 
my size ( 
and all the more sicker i snicker\ 
at it . 2enraptured\ 
with kissingeyes and lovescented\ 
arms-i-despise ;\ 
the suit of love ( my'friend ' ) , is not quite\ 
my size ( 
For their shallow , pale , ode-like arms / will , in silence , themselves fulfill -- / The grave graves are truly not so ; / ' tis therefore why they lie so still . 
Like this and I'll tell you what I really think about you ! Psych . Go screw yourself sideways . I have an operational phone . 910.416.1967 . Use that for future reference if pertinent . Time to return to the < PROPFEMALE > and ivories ; what a disgusting surrogate name . 
< PROPFEMALE > for an hour or two , and then clavier . 
Everyone's a critic . And everyone's a liar . 
You find when you look , unless you're in the real world . 
The difference between politics and political science is that the former is the mentally dejected child of the latter . The difference between an idiot and the meritorious is that the former cares , and the latter is ignorant . A pseudointellectual may invariably be procured in an excited state of caring for drivel . 
' We speak that we do know , and testify that we have seen ; and ye receive not our witness . ' 
There is no greater accident in life than life itself . Spewed forth from imperfection , we are the awkward repositories of some proverbial , divine soup , yearning toward stupidity and self-stultifying ignorance . Mission accomplished . Trust no one , except one . Love comes in but one form , and it's made from ludicrous alloy . 
I'd sooner die than live a life without her requital . The end . 
Melodic dictation is actually pretty fun , presently . 
Playing a game . Text instead : 910.416.1967 . 
There is no nobility - no integrity - of the artist . The < PROPFEMALE > to create is never genuine , and the inability to create is never chaste . Perhaps this is why , with continual effort , they became only drearily more maddened . 
Contact me here : 910.416.1967 
Going home for break . Please contact me via my cell should you need to speak with me : 910.416.1967 
Mankind has fallen into an objective romance of sorts with < PROPFIRST > , as it rapturously comforts itself in claiming that all existence revolves around -- < PROPFIRST > ! Dangerous , no doubt , as , quite obviously ( making it all the more dangerous , to stance ) existence revolves around nothing synthetic , and all synthetic products exist between excited neurons exclusively . 
People rarely ever mean what they say . If they always intended well , there would be no need for language . Truthfully , the development of language only shows how far lost the zeitgeist is in the abyss . People also rarely care for what they scribe as being most dear ; because this , while a token to their superficial originality , is very inconvenient . 
Each moment the humanities become exponentially more legion , and all capacity to interpret them more prone to error ; this is a necessity by principle , because man often craves interpretation yet prefers fantasy . 
\ -- Even losing you ( the joking voice 
\How many loved your moments of glad grace 
There is so much discord and so many absurd conjectures based on the subject of love , and love lost , that it has given the sentiment a bad name , indeed . The fact of the matter is that the greatest majority of those who contribute to this body of ill disposition toward love are those who tragically misunderstand the subject to begin with . 
\This shaking keeps me steady . I should know . \ 
So sure of your surety , and who is to say that that even exists ? Who is to say being sure is a surety ? 
And when the hyperborean came from her cavernous grotto of meditation , she noted that the world had suddenly become baseless , and inundating , and vitriolic , and full of thievery . In her eyes , she shined within the gloriole of her obtained logos ; but in reality , she had become more base and far less Zarathrustran than the thoughtless . And she desired . And she failed , and suffered . In the following years , she rejoiced . 
As long as there is suffering , -- \ 
As long as there are sentient beings in the six realms , -- \ 
May I never attain Enlightenment , -- \ 
And never cross over into Nirvana . 
Lo ! and through failure , the Hyperborean became a prophet . She spoke the tongue of the universe and bore proudly her cachet of wisdom . Others soon failed in her wake , and they did not become prophets , or wise , or erudite , or edified . When the Hyperborean saw this , she said : \Woe to the one which casts her or his self into the murk of the deep ; a dish is served by means greater than which is seen upon a plate . \"" 
If in my fortress -- and , thereby , hers -- she has < PROPFEMALE > to what idiosyncratic preference whatsoever , and I shall surely and singularly receive it graciously . That is what , I believe , true love enables and entails . 
I am no poet , but I should like to be . Poets have a comforting tendency to do everything in even more anonymity than the average person , especially die . In fact , our greatest poets have usually only been discovered a century or two after their death . Perhaps they are ahead of their time , and thus die in the future . This is paradoxical , because most poets suffer an unbelievable burden in their present . 
Currently reading . Metaethics and moral relativism - focusing on Nietzsche and the individual relativism concepts thereof . 
( e )\ 
y ( e) -- ! \ 
, veryone's heart is drunk ;\ 
( drun)ken with dream to corse , \ 
, surpass Shade's empty source , \ 
( sin)g in Lightstricken force , sunk\ 
beneath Void's shapeless horse 
Everyone is welcome to text . 910.416.1967 
To be incredulous toward the efficacy of the liars , and the callous , and the unsympathetic , to increase our capacities is a poor thing , indeed . For here we have these blessings , these most auspicious teachers before us , and by a preference for the economy of suffering we learn not from them . 
Nap , then piano practice . Text . 910.416.1967 
Practicing piano . If you wish to get up with me , you'll have to message me first , as I can never see who is online . Send a message if you have nothing to do ! 
Nap , then piano . Text . 910.416.1967 . 
Nap over . Piano time , then eating in the cafeteria or something . 
Went from level five to level eight in piano repertoire in the diminutive time I spent practicing . This semester , I'm going to see what consistent practice brings . 
Writing an opera . 
All of me - why not take all of me ? Can't you see - I'm no good without you ? Take my arms : I want to lose them . Take my lips - I'll never use them . Your goodbye left me with eyes that cried . I know that I - I'm no good without you . You took the part that once was my heart . So , why not take all of me ? 
Every assumption , no matter how evincive of reality it may be , is still steeped entirely in surrealism . 
Awake . Awake , to rest at night / and by dreams suspend sorrow - / Alas , the shade of the living ' morrow - / doth we see stars tremble in fright ! 
Practicing . 910.416.1967 ; text if you've nothing else to do ! 
What minute rills rarely run , with / \ 
a rapport glazed by a soul / \ 
ablaze /\ 
—and still find room for the sun /\ 
in leafy tresses locked and /\ 
raised /\ 
—and all nails plucked from our folds ? 
Playing the new shaman . Text . 910.416.1967 
Going to practice guitar in Reeve's . Text me if you need to reach me . 
' Ah , how time passes not , but passes yet ; / the first : in times of waiting , / in times of fret . / But faster still , as it leaves , and leaves one / with the self - / to wit , without love , / and leaves one undone . / O ! stack my tears on this shelf . ' 
I am contemplating going to Massey Hill on a few occassions to teach some creative writing and English workshops . ( Not grammar , however , but literary theory and interpretation . ) Who would be in support of such ? Please leave your thoughts on this matter with me , should you have any . Thanks . 
Shaman . 910.416.1967 . 
When you are dying , you learn to appreciate it more than living . 
One may be either brave or ignorant in believing in love . Brave , for there exists so much evidence against its validity and puissance ; ignorant , for the same reasons . I consider myself a brave idiot . 
I haven't gotten any better this weekend . In fact , I feel a little worse , today ! 
Love when true conquers all withal ; yet love placed poorly is Hope's downfall . 
I washed you , lover , and scrubbed your face . \ 
Running from Miss < PROPMALE>'s , you showed up one day . \ 
From a flat in South End where you made me strong\ 
You said , \We're burning out at both ends . \ " \ 
Time to study the elegant dance of < PROPFIRST > . 
Got an angel on the stairs\ 
( as if you'd even care)\ 
When the lights are up , \ 
and the sun has nearly gone down . \ 
\ 
Did you see him on the street ? \ 
Did you pass him at your feet ? \ 
Did you think aloud , \how dare they \ 
When they pumped out your guts\ 
And filled you full of those pills\ 
You were never quite right\ 
Deserving all the chills\ 
They say the worst is over\ 
Kicked it over and ran\ 
Then they ask what went wrong\ 
When they turn you on again\ 
They turn you on again . \ 
I remember running through the wet grass\ 
and falling a step behind . \ 
Both of us never tiring , \ 
Desperately wanting . 
It wasn't baroque , by\ 
any means . - But\ 
perhaps (,) that is what\ 
it means ? \ 
That\ 
a simple chain\ 
fell to my heart when\ 
I adorned it - I adored it ;\ 
that a chain , \ 
simple , \ 
like our time's passing , \ 
is the last to\ 
hold not our hearts , \ 
but them together . 
I don't want the world to see me , ' cause I don't think that they'd understand . When everything's meant to be broken , I just want you to know who I am . 
Home for the weekend . Text . ~ 910.416.1967 
My email hasn't been functioning well recently , so I have not been able to email Mr. O'Neal . If someone can ask him if he would be interested in letting me come in and do some creative writing / interpretation courses , can you do so , and thereafter let me know what he says ? Thanks . 
O ! by your < PROPFEMALE > I sadly , deeply so , \ 
-- while it dies there , forlorn in window -- \ 
Wish my heart you'd pluck ; bow my dreams so true ... \ 
For the < PROPFEMALE>'s bloom , -- any sound will do . 
I will see the day I die many times before I see the day in which I put my trust in a single person . 
It's < PROPFIRST>'s Day ? What ? When did that happen ? O , today ... right . 
It was Outside when I realized it was Night ;\ 
' twas Night when I realized I had become those lips :\ 
devious , dolorous , ephemeral , dishonest ... \ 
morosely lambent , just beyond the watershed , \ 
just beyond Home . May it nudge your vessel , \ 
and rusticate you to some em'rald field , as in Rome , \ 
far , far from Here : happy , < PROPMALE > , and Outside . 
Napping . Up at 5:30 . 
I'm up . 910.416.1967 - text if you need me . 
Should I end this night with readings on mathematical fictionalism , Beethoven and Gliere practice , or some Tibetan Book of the Dead ? Discuss . 
I hate dyslexia . And early mornings ! 
Spend your time earnestly tracing your failures , and you shall be drawing your success . 
Probably going to extend my practice time to 5-7 hours a day . I won't be available often . Hah 
The most quaint article of morbidity is that , despite invoking disgust , or fear , or vexation , and the like , it is often the only audible call to contemplation for mankind . There are few things as versatile as morbidity - it is a necessary grace , a mysterious sheen of mortality , a feared interloper , a writer of novels , the deific hairs of a painter's brush ... without death , perhaps we would lack our greatest triumphs . 
Out . Text . 910.416.1967 
Very ill . 
Fear of unreturned feelings has left many in stagnation , and thereafter a cyclopic desperation . And , oftentimes , this happens , time and time again , as the fearful sits in favor of the known corner as opposed to the unknown corridor beyond , and loses its newest loss . Fear truly is the strongest of human emotions so frequently ; does \true\ " love always triumph ? " 
You'll always have one companion in life : you . Treat them well ; you never know how long they'll stay around . 
< PROPFEMALE > is dictated by mindset and translated by action . 
Taking a nap to hopefully make practice more effective . 
Hunger . 
Are we human , or are we dancers ? \ 
My sign is vital , my hands are cold - \ 
And I'm on my knees looking for the answers . \ 
Are we human , or are we dancers ? 
There's nothing very interesting around when not behind a plane of < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . It's the most fantastic terrible agony . 
Nap time now - then more practice when I wake up 
When there is no trust to be found in people , we are blessed with everything non-human . I happen to have 88 special friends . The best thing : they only speak when I want them to . 
O , blue rain ! keep to your clouds , your < PROPMALE > / - ( We , in living , have broken someThing's heart . ) . - . 
Flying to your neck , \ 
unfelt , but sculpted in \ 
her face , all the damned \ 
mystery ; ah then \ 
but by your grace \ 
I should - no ! - must rejoice . \ 
For here , my answer , \ 
my still dancer . 
Glancing over More Than Words . 
Going to see a play at 8:00 . Afterwards , it will probably be some more guitar practice , or maybe piano . I'm weeks ahead in piano , so I have a certain breadth of leisure ; but this also denotes that I simply have more to practice . We'll see . Text if you need me . 910.416.1967 
Two monsters of modern education : oversimplification and comma splices . One is collateral , the other : consciousness at work ( by not working ) . 
Going home for the weekend . Text if you need me . 910.416.1967 
Back on campus . Sleep , then piano . 
Love : it will lead us not astray . By fate we all shall die , one day . 
Going to nap for a bit , then practice some more after , I guess . 
Lying down for a nap before practice . Text me if you need me , though . 
A lesson in human nature : the greatest enemy of the proofreader is the absence of errata . 
Back to practice as usual . 
Mankind has yet to learn the subtle < PROPMALE > of language - ergo , trust no one to her or his words . 
The basic syllabus for the course I may be teaching at Massey Hill has been completed ; if you're interested , let me know , and I can message you a copy . I will most likely be teaching this course through Mr. O'Neal's AP Language and Composition class , and Ms. Czechowski's English III class , although anyone not enrolled in these courses is encouraged to attend in person or online . 
Nap , then practice . If you're interested in participating ( whether at Massey Hill or online ) in my creative writing , interpretation , and philosophy workshop , check my previous status for more information . 
Going to practice in Reeve's . Also : I am now taking poetry requests ; if you want a poem on a specific topic , in a certain style , & c . & c ., send me a message and I'll have one done as soon as possible . 
“A dog is not considered a good dog because he is a good barker . A man is not considered a good man because he is a good talker . ” 
I must say , the most productive of all aesthetic and intellectual paths - which I should note I appellate so arbitrarily - have that characteristic , sometimes baleful - adverse , even ! - section in which the tyro , driven by a resolve unlike that of the unvariegated zeitgeist , have strayed from the warily apparent signposts ; and , they have , most admirably , taken up , within a germinating soil , a path of autodidactism ... 
Sick 
Violent Femmes 
Back to World of Warcraft , aha . 
My best friend , < PROPFEMALE > Coad , departs for Germany tomorrow , and I shall miss her dearly . But , we shall meet again , perforce ! 
Not programming today . Playing guitar . Text me . 
Going to try and tackle the Tocatta and Fugue in dm . 
Nevermind , I really need some rest . Napping , then Tocatta . Text if you need me , though . 910.416.1967 
And falling a step behind\ 
Both of us never tiring\ 
Desperately wanting\ 
They turn you on again . 
Nap , then practice . Text if you need me . 
But I don't\ 
doubt Doubt & YOU sit\ 
like a graceful God without\ 
wondering why in this\ 
beautifully dusty\ 
omnivoreverse , & i write\ 
right as you in your\ 
sameful ways like a\ 
natural creature , \ 
carefree idly carefree\ 
( iamabastard ) 
Let the countdown begin . 
I've always been and always will be an idiot ; I just practice expressing it in different ways . 
Going to teach a piano lesson . If anyone is interested in taking lessons ( as of now , I do them for free ) please message me , or text me . 910.416.1967 
I'll return shortly . 
Look for Love ? Nay ! It is hard to find , and nonplussed , and unschooled in the ways of Emotion ; and , for sake of Time -- whom we owe our reciprocation of her or his blessing of Space -- we should not succumb to folly , and forget that Love , indeed , is devious , and hard to find : -- and , for sake of ourselves , we must move , not hopeful -- as Love's lenses are infinitesimally small -- but cognizant , of Love's finding us . 
The integrity of an argument ultimately does not lie in its form , but by what it represents . An argument is a pure suitor which speaks from conviction , not from circumstance . 
Practicing . Message for my attention . ~ 
Let us meditate on our sufferings . Even should we run out of all other lessons , suffering always remains . 
Piano . 
\Something goes in this song -- as Night 
How easily does it begin ? - chewing a toothpick , rewriting words inside-out to be meaningful to careless eyes , assaying by essay to say how long I have longed , how difficult the difficulty a difficult life brings - chewing a toothpick , popping a taut spine , and lying cruciform along an axis of bark-covered words falling in a proverbially silent < PROPMALE > . It does not begin easily . 
I suffer heavily all miseries until I am quickened with the emboldening psalm you chisel in time by all things done . 
I have to play a recital tomorrow , and now my Reynold's , scoliosis , and Sydenham's Chorea all decide to go spastic on me . This verily hurts . My song is going to suck tomorrow . Om mani padme hum . 
About to dig into someone's faulty laptop , get the thing backed up without turning it on , and wipe it completely via booting straight from a CD thru the BIOS settings . If you need me , text me , until further notice . 
Almost done backing up the essential files . I am back now , for all intents and purposes , however . 
We spent some time -- ours ! -- rising\ 
... \ 
\ 
together , and anxious at heart ... \ 
I fancy now that Time's\ 
breath-veiled weep must < PROPFEMALE > t -- \ 
somewhere , amid Love's eternity , -- \ 
Current in a tear stream\ 
to sweep one's Love to sea .... \ 
Caring more , I blind these young eyes , \ 
searching in < PROPFEMALE > faces for thee . 
Going home until Sunday . 910.416.1967 
If anyone is in at least one of Ms. Czechowski's classes , could you ask her if she ever received my proposal via e-mail ? Thanks . 
I'm falling even more in love with you \ 
Letting go of all I've held onto \ 
I'm standing here until you make me move \ 
I'm hanging by a moment here with you \ 
I'm living for the only thing I know \ 
I'm running and not quite sure where to go \ 
And I don't know what I'm diving into \ 
Just hanging by a moment here with you 
Ready to play Voodoo Chile tomorrow . ~ 
To “live as if you’re dying” is to live with an objective in mind , even if the objective is no objective — thus , it becomes easy to cling to , this cyclic operator ; ergo , it is much more sufficient , and fulfilling , and joyous , to live as though you are already dead . 
That's precisely what we need in modernity . More generalizations . Especially this one concerning generalizing . 
\So 
Logging off for the night . You're welcome to text : 910.416.1967 
Behold : I am not for the populace . By the Way shall I disappoint others , as they are bound by subjective inebriation , a stupor borne paradoxically by the objective . The objective is just so , but only by malignant design . Thus , by the Way , I shall disappoint , and transcend in the presence of nothing . 
I'm in love with but one ; it shall persist forever , no matter what consequence presents itself . Like all true love it is independent , and free from primal force . It is a sophisticated affection : infinite profundity , infinitely profound - without borders , without center . The only thing better than this love , is for it to be coupled ... 
My inbox is malfunctioning to some degree , as I cannot access my messages . If , for whatever reason I cannot imagine , you absolutely must reach me , please use alternative methods . 
