Ahhhh , Christ . Has my life really reached this point ? I'm sitting here alone , having a conversation with a cat . 

is over it . You can only fight so much before it's just not worth it anymore . 
What the eff ? I've never been so confused ... 
So I was thinking ... I should go gay ... You know , just to stick it to the female community . I can see the headlines now : \Perfect Man Turns Gay ; Women Devastated \"" 
Is kinda worried about the ex . I'm thinking she might try something crazy at this point ... Like punch herself and call the cops to get me arrested . I don't want to go to jail . 
... Seriously ? Weird . 
Effin ' drama , yo . 
Yayyy , 21 . Boooo , hangovers . 
Woo , phone is off . If you want to get ahold of me , I have absolutely no contact with the outside world right now other than the internet . 
It's not that I'm exceptionally smart ... Everyone else is just incredibly stupid 
God .... I fucked up . Been in jail since Cinco De Mayo .... After I spend the whole day trying to tell my family this girl isn't as bad as they think , I spend a week in jail . I know I'm a jerk , but come on ... I guess I have to get my life in order now .... No relationships for a long time . Gotta make peace with myself before I can worry about anyone else .. 
Whoa , how bout that ... Being the good guy might work out for me . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
First case is gone ... Not guilty ! 
Holy shitballs ... I finally have a phone again . I need < PROPFIRST > , people ... 720-289-3912 
Awww . Lame . After 10 years , my computer finally died on me . With everything that's going on right now , that's some shitty timing . 
Sex and the City is so dumb ... I don't see the appeal . I don't have to watch a sitcom to hear a bunch of women in their 30's talk about sex . 
Not cool , brah . 
How do I remove friends ? It's come to my attention that some of the people I know are annoying or gross and I'd love to not see their stupid posts 20 times a day 
Jesus ... All I'm saying is , give me some space . I have 20 stressed out people riding my ass . I'm the one that has to deal with this , and I'll deal with it a lot better without the added stress of everyone else . Chill , people . 
Since when is playing Guitar Hero socially unacceptable ? I rock that plastic guitar like a champ . That should count for something ... 
The hell is with this allergy crap ? I NEVER have allergies . Is it just really bad this year , or am I getting weak ? I can't accept that . 
Woo ! Have my bed again . Everything is right in the world . 
Won't you take me far away from the mucky-muck ? 
I'm becoming a big fan of this no bullshit lifestyle . If people act up , they're getting called out ... So , it kinda makes people think I'm a douchebag . Oh well . You should have thought about that before you started acting like a jackass . 
Ugh . Finally out of the tuxedo . What a night . I could definitely do that again . 
Alright , people . I need some help . I can't find any good horror movies . Any suggestions ? 
Effin ' Pauly Shore ... If that guy can become famous , I'm gonna be a millionaire . 
It's loooog , loooog - It's big , it's heavy , it's wood . It's loooog , loooog - It's better than bad , it's good . 
Woo . I love randomly having to go pee for the government . Thanks , < PROPFIRST > . 
Note to self : After handling peppers , wash hands thoroughly before touching genitals . 
Do you ever hear music so amazing it sends chills down your spine ? 
If anyone needs me , I'll be busting dust . 
Mmmm ... Spinach artichoke dip .... 
Went to an awesome Moroccan restaurant tonight ... One of the most awesome experiences I've had in my life . It's like going on vacation for 3 hours . Good music , belly dancing , eating with your hands ... I'll definitely be going back . 
I never knew I was such a hippie at heart ... All I need to do is grow my hair out , buy a bunch of cargo shorts , maybe start listening to some 311 and playing hackysack with my hippie friends while drinking chai or some sort of herbal tea ... 
Woo .... first day of work ... Holy crap . 
The hell ..... I was exhausted all day ... then I fall asleep for like 20 minutes ... now I can't sleep . 
Woo ! Paychecks ... Finally , I can start buying stuff . No more glasses ! 
Gah ! F you , overnights . I don't know why I signed up for that . Shit , I'm not lookin ' forward to this . 
4 hours down ... Fuck . 
Off the ankle bracelet ! 
How do I always break the things that cost the most ? Cell phones really start to add up after 3 or 4 
Pfft . New phone ... again . I need < PROPFIRST > , people ... send messages , text , whatever . 720-289-3912 
derp . work is slow . 
stupid court ... this shit is so stressful ..... 
God .... Why does everyone like such terrible music ? i understand that's all they play on the radio or mtv , but expand your horizons a bit , people ... 
woo , starting full-time at sports authority on monday . yay money , yay benefits . 
You'd probably think that my pants had the mumps . It's just my sugarlumps bump ba bump . 
screw you , winter . i'm not ready for this shit 
It's crazy being with someone that i dont fight with , or feel the need to talk shit about whenever they leave the room ... 
More like Whack Friday . retail is serious dumbness around this time of year 
Ahhh ! Thanks , everyone ... Not only is it my bday , but I finally get a little bit of stress off my back . Court is looking good . 
oh my god ... i live next to the most obnoxious dog owner ... the dog barks for 30 minutes at a time , then the owner calls it in with baby talk ... 
Sooo , yeah . Everyone knows already , but guess who's gonna be a dad ?!? 
Whatcha mean , biz markie ? 
Working till 11:30 ? booooooo 
De La Soul is amazing . How have i gone this long without listening to em ? 
I ate a salad the other day and realized that eating doesn't have to make you feel like shit ... Today , i went to < PROPMALE > taco for lunch . I'm beginning to think I may be a bit of a masochist . 
