just beat Legend of Legaia last night . Yeah , I'm that big of a nerd 

can't wait for summer to be over so he can go to college 
is anxiously awaiting the arrival of his laptop 
is excited because his laptop is currently being shipped to the house ! 
is both Darth Vader and < PROPMALE > Potter according to Facebook 
is typing this update from his new laptop 
was just standing in his front yard when a big hawk swooped over his head 
18 days ... 
is sitting here playing on his laptop 
just made his gf a facebook , so everyone should add < PROPFEMALE > as their friend 
doesn't recommend walking down the stairs and typing at the same time 
will be leaving on the 19th which is both good and bad 
is praying for the Milliano family and will be attending the 7:30 prayer service tonight at St. < PROPMALE > for Mr. Milliano 
seriously thinks that they should make bacon ramen 
Coo , coo , ca-choo , Mrs Robinson Jesus loves you more than you will know God bless you please , Mrs. Robinson Heaven holds a place for those who pray 
who wants to go to the park ? 
had fun at the park and is just chiilin at home now 
is remodeling the kitchen and will most likely not be able to do anything 
is sad ... his shirts don't really fit anymore 
I won’t live to see another day , I swear its true , Because a girl like you is impossible to find . You’re impossible to find 
should probably go to bed . he's been playing guitar almost literally the entire day 
went to the cards game and < PROPMALE > out with some awesome friends 
got flocked last night ( for all of you who don't know what flocking is , it's when someone sticks a bunch of flamingos in your yard and leaves them there ) 
thinks if you give a person a fish , you feed them for a day ; teach a person to use Facebook and they won't bother you for a week 
is sitting in his new room at Lindenwood 
had his first breakfast at his college . He had forgotten how awesome C'ptn Crunch was 
AHHHH !!!! CLASSES START TOMORROW !!!! 
is too qualified for his Spanish class , but not qualified enough for a harder one . Guess I'll go take french 
just had tacos from < PROPFIRST > in the box . Played Guitar Hero World Tour . First day of class went well 
has lunch and is then heading to his cinema arts class . after that , homework . blah 
eatin poptarts cuz i can't get into the caff . Left my wallet in < PROPFIRST>'s car : ( 
is excited sbout the fact that he has no classes tomorrow ! 
is relatively happy right now . Pumba let him play his dad's stradivarious and he layed in the grass . He also hopes the weather will be awesome again tomorrow . 
has a presentation , than Halloween Havoc . Hopefully SOMETHING goes right this week . 
just finished his DIV homework and is now in search of FOOOD 
remember , remember the 5th of November mostly because my nephew is hopefully going to be born today 
is at the hospital , anxiously awaiting the birth of his nephew , Conner < PROPFIRST > Brunner 
is an uncle ( again) ! Conner < PROPFIRST > was born at 2:08 a.m. this morning . He's a < PROPFEMALE > little guy , but still very healthy 
is home . Just < PROPMALE > out with friends i haven't spent time with in forever 
just got his new phone , which is exactly like his old phone except for the fact that this one works 
goggles rock 
gah , cisco updated it's annoying system from a program that doesn't work to a slightly different program that doesn't work . Way to go Lindenwood 
is in the middle of the ride . Everything , everything will be just fine . Everything , everything will be all right , all right 
would swallow his pride . He would choke on the rinds , but the lack thereof would leave him empty inside . He would swallow his doubt , turn it inside out to find nothing but faith in nothing . 
thinks his room might be haunted . First his tv turns on by itself , then the movie he was watching decided that it wanted to pop open the control menu on the ps2 and stop itself . Very odd ... 
Smokin ' Aces ... 2 ? As if the first one wasn't bad enough 
forgot all the rules his rabbi taught him in the old shool 
actually read a book . Haven't done that all semester . 
has no luck with key chains . All three broke off today for no reason . Now my keys are naked 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name in the search box at the top , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
counted the webs from all the spiders catching things and eating their insides , like indecision to call you and hear your voice of treason . 
wants his laundry to dry already ! 
had no class today . Thank god for awesome professors ! 
wants an iPad . They look so cool and they're relatively inexpensive 
is apparently really bad at solitaire 
just helped a guy push his Grand Cherokee across 94 . I'm surprised no one else offered to help him , seeing as how he was pretty much blocking traffic . 
is doing taxes for the first time . Oh joy ... 
is apparently allergic to < PROPFEMALE > Butter . How ironic is that ? 
can't seem to calm his temper down enough to go back to sleep 
for once doesn't have a million things going on today . Maybe I'll get a < PROPMALE > to catch up on some zzz's . 
is diggin this warm weather . Time to bust out the shorts 
can't believe that at the blink of an eye , the whole week disappeared . Man , this whole semester just seems to be a blur ... 
is relieved that his Philosophy test was so easy . Everyone made Carper's tests out to be so difficult , but I could have passed that test in my sleep . 
is glad he's a good cook or else this stupid diet would be killing him . Surprisingly enough , rice noodles when mixed with gluten free mayonnaise and a little bit of seasoning are quite delicious . 
can have ramen again WOOO ! 
wants to hear a mute scream 
stupid Nyquil .... 
is going to be standing in line for a loooooong time . Stupid housing registration . 
Wooo ! It's 1 in the morning and Weazel's still going strong . Gotta love these pills , and by pills I mean vitamin supplements . 
is watching The Blindside and laughing because it's only a couple minutes into it and his parents are already tearing up . 
is sitting outside and enjoying some sun 
thinks that it's adventure time ! 
thinks that it would take an awful lot of gnomes 
do the news people really have nothing better to do than report on snus and tummy tucks ? 
seriously doubts this day could get much worse 
finds it ironic that his birthday is on National Holocaust Remembrance Day 
shower , tv , food , class , than chilaxing for the rest of the day . Can't wait till Otter calls and tells me if APO voted me in and what my nickname is ! Hopefully aced the pledge test last night like I know the rest of my pledge bros did , or else i waisted two hours of studying . 
is Battlebot ! 
has a big weekend ahead of him . < PROPFIRST>'s wedding is tomorrow , than Sunday is Connor's baptism and afterwards is APO activation ! 
aka \Battle-Bot\ " is about to go to his first meeting as a brother of < PROPFEMALE > Phi < PROPFEMALE >!" 
phone is completely out of commission , so please message me if you need to get ahold of me 
is so pumped , he doesn't know how he's going to fall asleep . Between rockin ' a test , jogging , hangin ' out with friends , and being elected the Public Relations officer for A ??, today was a pretty exciting day ! 
had fun taking Peyton to < PROPMALE>'s Farm to see the horses . I have the cutest niece ever ! 
freakin bunk bed a forgetting that you fell asleep on the top bunk , then falling off said bunk ... 
just gave Blanco ( my dog ) a bath and ended up just as wet as he did 
giving up soda is pretty difficult when your body runs on caffeine ... 
thinks a big bowl of ice cream covered in chocolate syrup is just what he needs right now 
chillin with some friends on main street . woo ! 
can't sleep ... 
thinks we really need to beat Algeria on Wednesday or else we're out of it 
Anything worth doing is worth doing right\ 
If you put your whole heart and soul into it , you can achieve greatness . \ 
No one ever changed the world by slacking off 
went to lunch with Father < PROPMALE > and his big sis , watched USA advance to Stage Two of FIFA World Cup , had dinner with Pumba , and then watched Dancing with the Stars with House and < PROPFEMALE > . It was a pretty awesome day ! 
had a flippin awesome 4th . Fireworks are so much cooler when you get to light them yourself ! 
just finished reading \the Lost Symbol\ " by < PROPFIRST > Brown and is now left with many things to think about - a sign that it is a very good book " 
back from Stuebie . need sleep ... 
never realized how white trash his neighborhood was before everybody and there brother decided they were going to camp out at the end of the street to look for a baboon ... 
is about to finally get off the computer . Skyped with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > McMichael for almost six hours . Would definitely consider this a good night 
is running 3 mile in the morning ( with < PROPFIRST > Powers Brunner ) , going to CORE Team training ( also with < PROPFIRST > Powers Brunner ) , memorizing < PROPMALE > vocab and Marching Band music ( not with < PROPFIRST > Powers Brunner ) , as well as seeing how many times he can tag < PROPFIRST > Powers Brunner in this status ( < PROPFIRST > Powers Brunner ) . 
Upside : I just finished writing two really awesome papers that I'm kinda proud of\ 
Downside : I didn't get to sleep at all . \ 
\ 
Oh well , as long as I can stay awake in class and not get yelled at , I should be fine . Lord , please help me get through this day 
has text messaging thanks to Google Voice . If you want to get a hold of him , shoot a text to ( 505 ) 859-3293 . 
feels really productive today . Finished the banner and float designs , now I just need to get them approved so I can price materials for construction . 
just rocked that history test ! 
has two more tests to study for : < PROPMALE > and Psych 
went laser tagging ! Didn't do so good , but it was still awesome to play after a 10 hour shift of running a blood drive for American Red Cross . Now I get to do it all again tomorrow ( minus the laser tag ) 
killed his iPod . Apparently you're not supposed to sit on them ... 
likes it on ... wait , i don't have a purse so I guess I can't play this game 
has his papers done . All that's left is to take a test and focus the rest of the day on float building . Hopefully I get some sleep tonight 
just a little bit longer ... 
colon = fail 
just aced his psych test on memory which he forgot about 
brownies = win 
\Most of the luxuries and many of the so-called comforts of life are not only not indispensable 
tonight involved zombeez ( giant undead bumblebees ) , midget ninjas being mailed in invisible boxes by mimes to assassinate people , squirrel armies , and google's plot to take over the world by joining forces with facebook to control the minds of millions ... to say my mind is an interesting place would be an understatement . 
has everything worked out for next semester . Shouldn't be too much longer until i'm back to living on campus 
go go gadget paper writer .... nothing ? Darn , thought i'd give it a try 
is about to experience activation for the first time as a brother of < PROPFEMALE > Phi < PROPFEMALE > . Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > , Aeriel Niccum , and < PROPFEMALE > Buehrig to making it into our crazy family ; all your hard work paid off ! 
I have an ID ! ( finally ) I move back onto campus at the start of J-Term 
playin < PROPFEMALE > like a Boss . Killin spiders and savin trees 
really just wants this day to end already 
When I see you smile the whole world stops and stares for a while because you're amazing just the way you are 
where's a distraction when you need one ? 
just got my housing assignment . I'm in Guffey room 322 with < PROPFIRST > Hood . Can't wait for next semester 
there's nothing that makes you appreciate life more than waking up to a beautiful baby girl calling you on the phone . I love my little buggie 
3 hours and 6 clothing stores later I've finally found a pair of khakis that fit ! 
wait a minute ... the < PROPFEMALE > is a girl ? 
Ultimatums never work because nine times out of ten the person picks the more self-destructive option to show that they can't be controlled 
Silly weather , don't you know the world is supposed to end NEXT year 
AHMI is over and all that's left is Universal Studios and then the beach . Can't wait to go to Hogwarts !!! 
Ah , there's nothing like relaxing in a hotel and watching < PROPFEMALE > Palin make a fool out of herself on tv . 
On my way to the beach !!!! In an hour or two I'll be maxin and relaxin in the sand 
The beach was amazing ! I got to splash around in the waves , < PROPMALE > seagulls , get < PROPMALE > d by said seagulls , and find some pretty cool shells and a couple shark teeth . Now I'm laying out on a pool chair enjoying the sun before I head home tomorrow 
I'm finally back after being stuck in the airport for the entire day . Even though it's cold as heck outside , there's still no place like home 
playing some good old fashioned plants vs . zombies 
They say I have AD .... something .... can we have class outside ??? 
I don't know whether to be insulted or flattered that < PROPFEMALE > Fox makes you think of me 
going back to my punk roots and listening to some old school classics while packing for college 
Curse my luck ! After finally being able to check in and move back to Guffey , I find out that they don't have a key to my room ... 
has internet access in his room now ! 
mmmmmm ... home-made hot chocolate ftw 
there's nothing like a mechanical bull and good ol ' fashioned square dance 
what the heck !? 
WHAT !!!!? Ok , I probably should stop getting on facebook while watching tv or there are going to be about twenty more of these ... 
TIME FOR THE CAPE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
this show seems a little dicey 
debating whether i's worth walking over to the caff to eat breakfast ... 
playing Munchkin at 2:00 in the morning 
almost done writing this paper . Now i just have to learn this new style of citing ... this'll be sooooo much fun 
just found a stash of oreos in his drawer . WIN 
I know karate !!! < PROPMALE > least I do on the Wii ... 
Note to self : Lock the door to keep obnoxious suitemates like DuVaul < PROPMALE > Gamble from shaking their butt in your face 
the meat on this roast beef sandwich is orange ... 
