Up late writing a paper for class ... 

tired ... is going to bed 
god when will this snow stop ? i used to love the fall and hate the spring , now i can't wait for it ... 
needs to get out more often 
really st < PROPMALE > ing to like < PROPMALE > ... 
Why can't there be more hours in a day ? 
just realized I have matured so much since last year ... and high school feels like decades ago 
< PROPMALE > me wings that I might fly My restless soul is longing No pain remains , no feeling Eternity Awaits 
Just one more week . 
is relieved her chemistry class isn't as difficult as she thought it was going to be . 
wonders what in the bloody hell is going on outside !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Upkill . 
i hate getting paper cuts from new books . 
is reading The Messiah of < PROPMALE > Street 
hates being sick 
hates it when bars let out a block away from me >.< 
so glad only 10 more quotes to go ... i love being this good at procrastinating 
Why is it that it's so cold outside and yet I feel so hot ? 
Great . I just realized MSG gives me migraines . 
I wish so much that I didn't have to write a paper with this migraine ... 
oh man finally got my paper done and my migraine is gone ^_^ 
Hell yea just got an A in World Civ . Knew I could beat that crazy teacher . 
is wondering why the woodmen tower is lit up in a pattern that looks like \121\ " or \ " 120\ " on both the sides I can see " 
HOLY SHIT . Just got off the phone with my mom . Apparently either the roof or the North wall or both was ripped off of the ITC building of Metro's South Campus during the storm 
apparently was walking through some wild catnip , since my cat's ALL OVER my shoes lol 
life is weird and crazy 
well this week was longer than expected 
is learning to like eggs . and is finally cooking more now . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone 
has a job . 
finally got to go swimming this summer ^_^ 
had a very nice nap this morning . yay for getting out of class early . 
i spend my nights trying to understand my confusing life 
I start my actual job ( not training anymore ) in a few hours , a little nervous . 
You have to make your own fun in life . And I'm doing that right now . 
Unreasonable people are unreasonable . Work sucked today . 
well i just got off work and apparently i'm doing much better than most after what ? 4-5 days ? Can't wait till I get paid on Friday . Or get it in the mail at least . 
is watching the rain . good thing i took a nap tonight . now i'll never get to sleep . 
Just realized that I like schedules . I love them , in fact . I know , I'm crazy . I know . 
is eating a delicious philly cheese steak ( minus the cheese , because i'm intolerant ) left over from pepperjax . and now i'm wondering why they don't use pepperjack cheese at the pepperjax grill ( they use swiss ) . 
had a dream my fb account got hacked . 
I swear they had the same small list of songs on repeat at work today . I DO NOT want to hear \Hey Mickey\ " or \ " Walkin On Sunshine\ " for at least a long while now . " 
Had a dream it snowed . Yes , after yesterday . And no one cared , because it's omaha . 
well i FINALLY heard back from financial aid . kind of at least . They apparently made corrections to my FAFSA and it's done processing . idk what's going on , but hopefully this means I'll get my award letter soon and I can finally move on with my life ( after what ? 5 months ? ) . 
is emotionally tired 
is finally done with all of her classes for the summer ! 
So financial aid ... 2nd step complete . They have determined my need . Now for that pesky sending me the money part ! 
is LOVING this rain for some reason . 
is so glad there was ibuprofen at work . i would've gotten a migraine and passed out . There were just so . many . people . 
can't sleep ... 
loves the weather outside right now . 
YES YES YES YES ! FInally I'm getting my financial aid money !!!!!!!! Took them long enough . 
is sick . 
OMG My < PROPMALE > plant is blooming ! I mean bad for using it as an < PROPMALE > but good for my horticulture skills ! 
doesn't usually like soup but just made the BEST chicken soup that helped me feel better almost immediately ... I'm just so glad I made the recipe that I've been trying to make FOREVER at the time when I needed it the most 
ish learning how to drive ^_^ 
i love the fall but hate the winter . 
Started school again . And maaaaan is my life going to be busy this quarter . 
aaaaah my eyes hurt from reading >.< but i love my classes and i love keeping busy so it's all fine with me 
is it just me or are there a lot more wasps outside right now ? 
greeeat . when i finally want to open my window , a wasp wants to get in . wtf ? 
it's too dark and gloomy outside to do anything but sleep ... ugh but i have a full day ahead of me 
So I had a dream it snowed ... both last night and the night before . And I really , really don't want to be thinking about a foot of snow on the ground right now ... 
is sick ....... again . 
oh my what a long weekend it's been ... 
so ... glad this weekend is finally ... over * breathes * 
I felt like something was off all day ... that's when I realized what's different : Today is the first day that really feels like fall to me . 
Language : Pirate . Hell yea . 
feet are killing me . and i work 9 hours tomorrow , ugh . 
Dear people of today , life is awesome . That is all . 
damnit voice , come back already ! you're kind of necessary . 
Can't believe this quarter is almost over . Just one and half more weeks . 
nothing in the world will ever defeat the power of the mind , of the will . 
oh no , it is not snowing outside , no . 
wewt , only one more week . two or three more days of actual work . i will be so happy once this quarter is finally over . 
Went to see < PROPMALE > Potter today . And this time , I can definitely say , it was well worth it . 
is getting so much crap done today you wouldn't believe . Yay for dry-erase boards and to-do lists ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . Good luck with all the baking and cooking , if you're the one to do that . I know I've had my share of kitchen messes to clean up ( I woke up at effing 8 am ! ) . 
Hey , did you know life is awesome ? 
damn that wind and having a north-facing window . 
had an awesome day of awesomeness . 
Words cannot describe how much I like college over high school . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and happy holidays everyone 
wants to murder my damn printer that was working fine just last night . grrh . 
excellent day was excellent . 
Hooray ! The printer is fixed . Now that I don't need it , of course . The thing has a mind of its own , I swear . 
SOOOOOOOO glad I am out of that store ! And so hoping \ 
I won't have classes tomorrow ! 
is in complete awesomeness and acceptance and nirvana . 
L‰ﬂt sich fallen weich wie Schnee ... Erst wird es heiﬂ , < PROPFEMALE > kalt , am Ende tut es Weh ... 
The snow was so beautiful today . It reminds me of Russia and Wolf's Rain and win . 
I don't care how nerdy it sounds , Classical music is win . 
needs a change . 
had a dream it was 77 degrees out last night and going to get up to 110 today ( with heat index ) due to Omaha's crazy whether and electricity and the end of the world .... hmm 
insane day , glad i'm home 
Good morning everyone , it's gonna be a good day 
woot I have a passport . At least the book anyway . Now I can travel the world ! And conquer it ! muahahahaha 
is enjoying the little things in life . <3 
has a new phone . message me for the number . 
is excited for Omaha's weather . Bring it on . 
okay sooooo not looking forward to work tonight * waits for < PROPFIRST > to make fun of me * 
rien de rien ... je ne regrette rien 
is very pissed at the apartment above us . This pounding's ( read : nailing ) been going on since 10 am now ! 
freakin A . Every time I want to ill out my FAFSA , the website is having downtime . Right about midnight , which is normally when I have the time to actually fill it out . Grr , this didn't happen last year . 
ok it's 9:30 on a Saturday night . NOT midnight . And FAFSA STILL won't let me do anything . If this keeps up , I'll be forced to fill it out on a school computer , grr . 
Well it's official now . I'm going to Costa Rica this summer . 
will never , ever forgive < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for inventing Daylight Savings Time 
wow just heard the best news . My class was freaking cancelled due to my instructor being sick . best . day . evar . 
dear people , it is snowing . wtf . i hate omaha . that is all . 
for the record , if anyone was wondering , < PROPFIRST > is a friend from work . we aren't really in a relationship , it was an april fool's day thing . 
