Today was amazing . I couldn't ask for better people in my life . :) Praise you Jesus ! 

Never been more in love with sweet Jesus ! & my birthday is is 5 days !!! 
I love knowing that no matter what happens , God is keeping me . He knows the desires of my heart . I trust in Him with everything in me . 
going to the see the movie UP for the 4th time with Sweet Robinson ! :) 
Another perfect ending to a beautiful day with a friend who is as sweet as can be . I am so blessed to have the friends I do :) 
Really does not want to go to bed . 
It is WAY too early to be trying to function right now . 
Have your way with me Lord , I surrender all to you . 
Thinking about how weird it is to finally be 18 . Watching Eagle Eye and missing my beautiful friends ! 
Watching videos from my birthday party and realizing just how absolutely DORKY my entire family is . lol 
friday just needs to be here NOW . 
Getting a hair cut today ! :) 
blahhh . I don't like being in weird moods . 
I love my family . God is so good , so wonderful and SO giving !!! 
Feeling a wee bit nausious , maybe it's time to retire to bed . 
July 4th was super fun . There's nothing like feeling like you're going to get blown to smitherines furing the finale and getting all the firework debris thrown on you . Haha :) 
With my sweetest Robinson ! 
I belong to you . 
Talkin on the phone to my sweet robinson ! Tonight was a good night . God you are so graceful ! :) 
Sleep is definitely indespensible . 
Man , I thank the Lord for my incredible memory for being able to learn a song so fast !! 
There's nothing like ending a long day with some amazing music and chillage in my peaceful bedroom . :) 
I love slow , quiet mornings , when the sky is pale and you're not in a rush to do anything or go anywhere . Thank you Lord for this peaceful day . :) 
Practicing the song for Wednesday . I can't wait ! Lord let your glroy fall in that place ! Set those hearts on fire !! 
Work today , < PROPFEMALE > tonight , six flags tomorrow , waking up at 4 a.m. saturday , < PROPFEMALE > saturday night , church in the morning ! Busy busy weekend . But fun nonetheless :) 
I've got my eyes on the prize and my mind on you . 
Laundry , laundry , laundry . Maybe doing my hair tonight ? 
One day , I will be able to pizza and NOT feel bad afterwards :) 
I'll set you as a seal upon my heart , as a seal upon my arm ; For there is love that is as strong as death , jealousy demanding as the grave , and many waters cannot quench this love . 
You're the light in this darkness , you're the hope to the hopeless , you're the peace to the restless , and you are mine . 
lovesssss orange juice . Mmhmm :) 
is in love with her new LG EnV Touch !!!! :) 
These past few days have been so refreshing ! My eyes have really been open to alot of things . God has shown me just HOW MUCH he truly cares about me . My passions and desires have been shown to me and now I want them more than ever !!! 
Da da daa , da da daa , da da daa , dadada da . I love me some Sufjan . 
is missing him ! 
Must I feel so blah on such a beautiful wonderful day ? :( 
Just heard a snippet of the new Thrice album and literally pooed in her pants !!! 
Staying strong , pushing forward , turning my face from things my eyes ought to not see ; praising Him each moment of every day , loving like I know I should ; simplicity can sometimes be so difficult . But with you , I know I can do it . I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me ! 
Wishes she didn't feel like such poo . :/ 
Praise God ! The pain is finally gone :) 
Mmm , defensize driving ... my favorite lol . I'd much rather be out running errands with amazing boyfriend ! 
So close and yet so far from finishing . I painted my nails AND am playing Sims in the mean time . I really feel like I have no life today ... lol 
has spent her monday slowly rotting away infront of this very computer screen . I feel the sudden urge to go hiking ! 
\FREEEDOMMMMM !! \"" 
is changing her ways . Keeping her eyes on the sky , nothing distracting her gaze . 
Was woken up by the worst noise imaginable .... curse things people do in their sleep . lol 
Just spent $554 on BOOKS ! Praise the Lord for blessing me with more than enough money for that ! My goodness ! 
watching The Soloist with < PROPMALE > and her fam ! It's so good . It's weird , but good . I am missing my sweet Robinson . 
Can't wait to be with sweet Jesus tonight ! Yay for CFNI ! 
Can't seem to fight this procrastination off - I need some motivation , Jesus ! And I'm tired of Satan loading my head with assumptions that are not true ! 
It's such a beautiful day today ! Just a wee bit blazing outside . Trying to be a good student and get all my stuff done .. then it's off to clean the horrendous room and bathroom . Then sweet Robinson comes over ! :) 
Finishing up school work , maybe getting some other stuff done , and then going to work and then < PROPFEMALE>'s! :D I'm not going to let silly petty things bring me down . Today is the day that the Lord has made , and I will rejoice and be glad in it !! 
is fasting facebook for 3 days starting tomorrow ! But as for now , I'm off to work . I love this life , I am ulitmately blessed . I have the best friends in the entire world . 
College = hardly any time for sleep lol . Still trying to find the balance point . About to go to sleep , watching Get Smart . :) Class in the morning . Can't wait for govt ... not . lol 
Goverment = soooooooooooo boriiiiiiing . Save me . 
FRREEEEDOMMMM ! 
Oh motionless sleep . How I desperately < PROPFEMALE > you . 
Actually got to sleep in for the first time in a week . Felt soooo good . Going to work at 5 ... simply can't wait . lol At the moment I am slaving away doing homework for College . .... BCIS , your labs are wayy too long . 
I . hate . work . 
Doing laundry . I have too many clothes !!!!!! 
For once I'd like to ask Facebook ... What's on YOUR mind ?? lol 
Bleh .. homework . Why can't you do yourself ?? 
I hate super glue !! 
I want to yearn for you , I want to burn with passion . 
Show at The Door FTW tonight !! Come support Radiance and enjoy some awesome music !! :) 
And when your ears sit under ; head is half submerged down below , pooling all accounts of peace while passed beneath the canopy glow . 
Had a lovely day with her sweet robinson :) & it finally stopped raining ! I just wish it were fall already :) 
Was hoping the sun would be out shining today , but alas , the clouds have taken over again . Going shopping for my best friend today , read galations this morning , and going to work out ! This day is wonderful ! 
Tonight was much fun . I love birthdays and friends and amazing boyfriends ! God is beyond gracious to me . I don't deserve a single ounce of it . 
Really prays she isn't getting sick . 
Had a lovely morning reading . :) 
The new imogen and mutemath albums are < PROPFEMALE > good ! Everyone is coming out with great albums this year ! 
thinks La < PROPFEMALE>'s is probably her favorite restaurant as of tonight . And it's french !!! :D 
Homework , homework , homework . But I still got a smile on my face ;) 
I don't care what anyone says , I'm beyond excited for New < PROPFEMALE > to come out . Go < PROPMALE > !!! :D 
Weather , please don't go away just yet . The sun gets too be too much after a while . You are an inspiration for so many things . I like you . 
Come on magnesium , it's time to go to work ! 
Has literally been logged onto Facebook alllll day . It's quite sad that my homework has taken me this long . 
Lovesss Extreme Makover : Home Edition . It's so inspiring and amazing :) Off to work at 3 . Can't wait for saturday ! 
Has become a dark head . & < PROPFIRST > a redhead ! I love coloring our hair ! :) 
Could it be ? The sun is actually shining ? My very heart has been lifted by this beautiful sight ! :) 
This is the first friday that I have done nothing in a while . Can't say I'm enjoying it too much ! 
Playing Wii Sports Resort with my family ! Woo hoooo ! 
My family is < PROPFEMALE > weird . But I wouldn't trade them for anything :) It's really hot in my house . & Why facebook insists on acting gay I have no idea ! 
Worship practice at 4 ! Can't wait to worship . Can't wait to see my sweet Robinson either ! :) 
Watching Push with my second family . :) Gettin shleeeeepy . Can't wait for tomorrow !! 
In government ... wooo hoo . Loving the weather :) It feels incredible outside ! Thank you Jesus ! 
Had a busy busy day full of shopping ! It was a true blessing with my best friend ! Now I am lying in bed about to sleep , and thinking about the amazing dress I just bought online for < PROPMALE>'s wedding ! Ahh I can't wait , I'm so excited ! Goodnight facebook :) 
Oh my , what a morning . Good thing we have a God who works everything for the good of His children ! Off to work at 4 - can't wait to see my sweet Robinson ! :) 
Has had a wonderful , but nevertheless long and tiring week ! I am very happy though . I love my friends and boyfriend and am blessed beyond all that I deserve !! 
Feeling stressed ... just wish I could have 3 full days of nothing so I can finish all this homework . Ugh , there is not enough time in the week !! 
Attempting to do homework ... took some magnesium to help !! I love that stuff . Skyping with the boyfriend ! So much funn :) 
Government is actually interesting today . I think I might actually be starting to like it .... what's happening to me ?! 
Never again will feel like I felt last night . It was excruitiating ... Thank you Jesus for healing my body and that by your stripes I was healed ! 
Is so disappointed in myself for letting her school grades get this way . I feel sick to my stomach . I can do better than this . 
Praise the Lord for his mercy and grace ! Trusting the Lord and laying all my problems upon Him is the best decision I could ever make . Thank you Lord that you love the undeserving ! Praise you , Father ! 
Tonight was fun . I'm really glad I got to see my old precious friends ! I'd missed them so much ! Off to bed now , got a lovely day of homework ahead . Good thing is , I get to see < PROPMALE > . That always takes a load off . :) Goodnight ! 
Woke up to a nice surprise ... that was fun . Doing homework/being lazy and then recording tonight with my man ! Can't wait :) I love the weather today ! 
Doin ' work son ! 
There is simply not enough time in the day . 
Last night was fun , not the BEST show ever but had alot of fun with everyone :) Off to work at 12:30 ! I wish I hadn't woken up with a lovely sore throat , but I am healed in Jesus ' name ! Hope you all are having a wonderful day :) 
You're beauty and word is all I seek . You captivate me , and your blazing love pours over me like an all consuming fire ! 
I'm gonna sing for you , like nobody's listening , nobody's listening . I'm gonna sing for you my Lord ! 
Wouldn't it be nice ? 
Keeping my < PROPFEMALE > up . Praying and seeking the Lord . There's not much else I can do but to sit patiently and wait . :/ 
Having a hard time focusing on school work . Really frustrating . My mind feels like it filled up with so much stuff it could start seeping out my ears . Word , here I come . 
Lord you are good and your mercy endures forever !!!! :D 
Ahhh bcis homework . If only you didn't make me use gay Microsoft Access . Never have I had to work on such a horrble confusing program !! 
God is always good . 
Yess ! Cold weatherrr :) 
Getting ready for < PROPMALE > & Bekah's wedding !! I'm so excited . It's going to be so beautiful . I can't wait !!!! :) 
You know what would be really good ? An apple-nectarine juice mixture . I'm eating some diced right now , and it's one of the greatest combinations ever ! 
Having such a wonderful , lazy day of reading , homework , and chillage . Only thing I wish was different was how I felt today ! 
Is so blessed that she has such a helpful and encouraging mom ... I take wayy too make things for granted . God is such a keeper of promises !!! :D 
Can't breathe , can't talk , and my head is spinning . Please pray for me ! 
Praise God for cold medicine . I already feel better ! Thank you for all of your prayers also :) 
Is off to get some rest . Praying that this cold will be gone by morning ! Thank the Lord for nyquil :) 
Loves free jazz concerts in < PROPFIRST > and loves being with her sweet Robinson ! 
Had a wonderful day celebrating < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ! Had some delicious < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for dinner ... leftovers never tasted so good ;) 
Copeland last night was AMAZING ! It was such a blessing . I have the best boyfriend in the world ! 
Sitting quietly ... well , more like getting beaten by my \best friend\ " who just loves to see me in pain ! lol & watching < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > with my second family . Today has been a marvelous day ! " 
Dear rain : Haven't we seen enough of you ? 
The long day is over . 
Is so excited for tonight . Lord bring your fire down on this city !!! 
Was reluctant to get out of her nice warm covers in bed . It's freezing this morning ! 
Your love makes it worth it , Your loves make it worth it all . 
Wishes she has more motivation to get her school work done . 
became a fan of homemade meatball subs . Yum yum ! 
Really feels like eating some cinnamon rolls .... too bad I'm allergic to everything with delicious goodness on this planet !! 
Trusting the Lord completely can be really difficult . But once you realize by trusting in Him your life coincides with what your heart and spirit desires , you never want to trust in anything else !!! 
Am I getting stalked ? lol 
Absolutely loves sleep . I hope I remember what I dream tonight . The Lord has given me strength and motivation to do all things through Christ who strengthens me . I will be strong and motivated . :) 
I want to be swept away , lost in love with You . 
Is so thankful for what and who God had placed in my life . I couldn't be happier ! 
Is so excited that it's chilly today ! & I can't believe it's almost November . This year is going by so fast ! 
Sad she has to work on Halloween , but happy it equals moolah ! 
Overwhelms herself too easily . 
Has soooo much to do today ! Thank goodness for days off ! :) 
As Tall As Lions : You make my heart smile . 
Everything is illuminated . 
is living in a new dimension . 
Loves the Biggest Loser ! So inspriring ! I really needed some inspriation . 
\The suffering is as much as gift as the trusting . \ " - < PROPMALE > 1:30 " 
I want to be loved for all that I am . No secrets or things unsaid , but everything out in the open . I want to you to want what I want . I want to feel like I'm wanted by you . I don't want to feel like I need to be like someone else anymore . I will never be her . 
And all I've got , is your hand . 
God is ALWAYS GOOD ! 
I will help < PROPFEMALE > your burdens . I'll help find rest for your soul . I'll lead you to the one who will never forsake you , and he'll welcome you with the most loving embrace and comfort your weary heart . 
blah . :( 
Working on my persuasive speech , appaulled by what the FDA really lets in our food . Maybe I should get my degree in Nutrition or Political science and go and lobby for healthier foods with less preservatives in our grocery stores and schools ? Oh what to do , what to do . 
Dear inspiration : thank you for falling down on me tonight . 
I can't take my mind off you . 
Jazz is sweetness to my ears . 
Procrastination definitely has it's consequences . Siiigh . So long , sweet sleep . 
No matter how much I sleep I still feel exhausted . So much to do this week ! But praise the Lord Thanksgiving is coming up . I can't wait ! Time to reflect on what I'm thankful for . What are you thankful for this year ? :) 
Lord , you are my forever father . For you know the curves of my face , and created the colors in my eyes that look ernestly for your face amidst all the darkness . You know the song of my heart , and listen yearningly as I pour it out before you . 
Thanksgiving was such a blessing . I got to spend it with my family and < PROPMALE>'s wonderful family ! I am very thankful for them in my life , they have really changed me forever . I love you ! :) 
Going to my Grandma's 90th birthday party today ! Then topping it off with a gig singing with my favorite sisters ! I'm so excited , life is sweet . :) 
Now that November is coming to an end , I am excited for the month of December ! Christmas is my absolute favorite time of the year . So much giving , loving , romance , and family , my heart jumps just at the very thought of it all . :) The feeling of it is simply wonderful . 
Getting our family christmas tree tonight ! So excited ! I love family traditions :) 
Woke up to see a white blanket of snow across my lawn . I's so beautiful ! The Lord is always full of surprises isn't he ? :) 
Lord , prepare me for tonight , for I feel a presence of sorrow upon my heart . 
Such a chill day today . Read this morning , watching biggest loser , going to play with some music , and work on an exam ! I love days like this . I might die my hair tonight . What do you think ? What should I do ? 
My church's new building is so beautiful . God is so wonderful ! He has blessed me with so much . No words can describe my thankfulness . I have the best family , friends , boyfriend , and church in the whole world . 
New Obsession : Final Fantasy VII for PC . Yeahh babyy . 
Had one of the greatest weekends in a long time . I am blessed beyond comprehention , and am so thankful to have God that loves me as much as He does . 
Laundry , cleaning house , and Christmas shopping . A busy yet fulfilling day is to be had ! 
I know that You will never forsake me in my weakness . 
This weekend is going to be wonderful ! So many memorable experiencs all crunched into one . Going shopping a bit and then the to the meeting tonight ! Hope you are all having a wonderful day . 
It's the most wonderful time of the year . & I have never been so happy ! I am blessed beyond comprehention . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , don't forget to spread your love . :) 
If love is an experience , I am having the most amazing experience of my life . & I could not ask for anything more , for I do not deserve it . I'm thankful for a God who loves unconditionally - with Agape love - who does good for all those who love Him . 
Is not excited about waking up at 7 am on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > to work for 7 hours . Oh well . Atleast the Lord works everything out for the good of His Children ! I'd never make it through the day without Him . :) 
Frosting Christmas cookies with the family . One of the best traditions kept :) I love Christmas !! 
Has had a wonderful , blessed Christmas . I hope you all did too ! Wrote a song to top off the day . ;) 
So excited for < PROPMALE > to come home today ! & I can't wait to go into the new year . I can already tell it's going to be wonderful , especially because of the people I am going to share it with . 
So far , I've woken up with a cold and lost an hour of progress on ffvii . I could be upset , but there are just too many great things in my life to smile about . :) Hello 2010 ! 
Today is < PROPMALE>'s birthday ! Happy Birthday to the most amazing person in my life ! 
I won't be satisfied with anything ordinary , I can't be satisfied at all . 
Loves making sweet tunes with the man . 
And what would I do without His grace ? 
On our way to Crockett to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Smith and have an awesome night of worship tomorrow night ! Pray that God moves in miraculous ways this weekend ! How great our expectations are for you , Lord ! 
Had such a wonderful weekend . God is so amazing ! I would be nothing without His never-ending love . 
I think I'm finally having some clarity on my future ! Thank you Lord ! Now to just get all my classes and everything situated so I am prepared for DBU !! :D 
Had a wonderful , fulfilling day with her sweet man . Now I'm on aim ! My goodness has it been a while . Anyone wanting to chat add danielleajames@gmail.com ! 
I love how one customer can make my entire work day pleasant . Some people really are just kind . 
Felt the sweetness of jesus tonight . It was wonderful . But I still can't help feeling sad , or like something is wrong . I just can't let the little things get to me . 
Woke up to the sound of elephants running ... No wait , that was just Papa . 
Really loves her new Zune ! Red , 80G , super large screen . What a blessing ! Will I like it better than the trusted Spple band ? We shall see ! 
Doesn't look like any celebrity . I guess I am just my own person ! lol . :) Goodnight facebookers ! 
Is ready for an enjoyable , productive day today ! First homework , practicing worship songs , then seeing the boyfriend !! I am too excited . :D 
Just wants to take the time to say what an amazing , incredible , blessing of a boyfriend I have !! :) I still can't believe he picked me . 
Has had a pretty chill day . Doing homework on a wolf blanket ... not my favorite feeling . 
Has had a pretty productive day so far ! Now about to watch some lost and get all wrapped up in the 3rd season . :) So excited for this weekend !! 
It's snowing , it's snowwwwing . It's so bright and beautiful ! Can't wait to play in it with my best < PROPFEMALE > . This weekend will be so amazing !! 
Broken with the weight of compassion . 
Had the best < PROPFIRST>'s Day I have ever had . :) Church , flowers , Cafe Express , Grapevine Mills Mall , Photobooth , Book of < PROPMALE > ( AMAZING movie ) , playing songs we wrote for eachother ; The best . EVER . 
Oh the joys of being in college ! 
Many waters cannot quench this thirst . 
Proverbs 4:10 -13 - So encouraging . 
God sent us down , and we were looking around and around but I found you . <3 
Can't wait for tomorrow ! :) I'm praying the snow withholds . Having a peaceful time in my new clean room . I even dusted . It's a miracle . 
I don't know what I'd do without love . I would be nothing . 
I love , love , love lazy days . 
Loves watching movies with the man !! 
Starting my training to be a sub Pre-school music teacher for the next two months ! Can you say excited ??? :D 
Loves to be a goofy girl ! lol . It's good to let the kid out every once in a while ;) 
Sitting here , in Starbucks , drinking my soy chai tea latte while attempting to study ( but ending up on facebook , of course ) . It's so peaceful . I want to have a room like this in my house one day . I just want to take a moment to reflect on how blessed I am ! God is indescribible in His ways . I'll never be able to show enough gratitude ! 
There's nothing like some dancing while praising the Lord with some amazing gospel . I just love it ! If you haven't listened to < PROPMALE > Butler , I suggest you do so . 
Oh the joys of being a female . Praise God for heating pads ! 
Will not let stress be the boss of me . 
Is so happy the catostrophe is over . :) 
Everything about this day from the moment I woke up to now has been simply lovely . Oh , and I bought halo 3 . That's what I'm saying . 
It's so lovely to be on spring break . Came home to find a stray dog has been staying at my house since yesterday ! He's a red heeler . He is SOOO cute !! I want to keep him ... :) 
Has done nothing but watch three episodes of Lost so far . I love spring break . & our little stray dog , < PROPMALE > ! 
Has wayy too much on her mind . Going to lose it for a while in some episodes of Lost . No pun intended . Lol 
Waking up coughing , with a 101 ' fever and hardly being able to move is the worst . Especially when you're home alone and extremely dizzy . Will someone please come and take care of me ? 
Just wants to be able to breathe without suffocating ... 
Sleepless in Seattle . Classic , but not the best movie to watch while you're sick and missing your boyfriend . lol 
It's the third day , and I'm more than ready to be over this hump . 
Finally getting a little better . :) 
Only one week until Copeland . & I get to share the wonderful experience with < PROPMALE > ! Could it get any better ? It's going to be the highlight of my week !! 
Had a wonderful day at the Botanical Gardens with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! I am so blessed . :) 
Getting ready to go teach at the Mommy and Me Class ! Then it should be time for a nap at the best friend's . Church is tonight , Passover tomorrow , and Copeland friday ! I can't wait ! :) 
Copeland last night = Epic . These whole last few days have been such a blast . I absolutely love my life and my friends ! 
This has been the best Easter of my life . I could not ask for anything more . :) 
You are the brightest little firefly in my jar . 
Starting off another wonderful day ! I just can't complain , life is too good and I am blessed beyond comprehention ! 
Joined 24-hour fitness today ! I have officially worked out 4 times this week , & twice today . I don't know what has come over me , but whatever it is , it feels sooooo good ! :) 
Yesterday went great ! Teaching adorable little kids music , dancing with my Tan-man is always fun , barnes and < PROPMALE > excitement , playing ninja downtown fort worth with some great friends , then jamming back at < PROPMALE>' house . Can you say fun ? 
Watching Karate Kid with < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > ! \Daniel-son ! \ " I love my friends . :) " 
Could it be a more perfect day ? I guess I could have no homework , no responsibilites , and nothing else to do but be outside ... but , nevertheless , I am blessed . :) 
So . tired . I'm not sure if even breathing today won't be exhausting . Hopefully the day will get better . New lost comes on tonight ! I have to stay alive until then ! :D 
Study , study , study . It's about all I can say and all I can think right now . 
Women's conference was amazing this morning . For once , I feel so confident !! :) 
Twisted Root , new Lost , Women's Conference-life changing , amazing church , Panda Express , Medieval Times , movie nights w/ Everybody's fine . All with the most amazing guy I've ever met . This weekend could not have been better . :) 
Attemtping to study for my ACT while miss < PROPFEMALE > makes delicious wheat-free-gluten-free brownies . Yummm . :) I wish it would actually and not just look yucky outside . 
What's on my mind ? Study . Study . Study . Study . Can I catch a breath already ? 
The Ladies tea tonight was so much fun ! I never expected it to be so wonderful . Now I am just sitting here with < PROPMALE > , \doing homework . \ " haha . Oh facebook how you distract me from all the things I need to do . " 
Taking the ACT tomorrow at 8:30 a.m. at DBU ! Oh dear Lord , I hope I do well ! :) 
Was so nervous this morning , woke up at 5:30 to make sure everything was ready ! And to my surprise , I ended up with a score of 22 !!! God is < PROPFEMALE > good ! :D 
At the Palladium in < PROPFIRST > , TX waiting to see Circa & best of all , Coheed ! Only an hour & a half to go . :) 
There is just simply not . enough . time ! 
Very happy to be home on a Saturday just relaxing . Even if I do have a research paper to finish ! I just love being home . :) 
Trying not to get distracted from my research paper yet again , by lovely facebook . 
Oh , I can't sleep . I can't sleep peacefully , lullaby , won't you sing to me ? There's no dream , when you're not next to me . My love , where could you be ? 
Having wayy too much fun with my bestie !! I love reminiscing with her :) Also can't wait to watch new Lost with my two best friends ! 
Happy mother's day to all the wonderufl mother's out there ! You truly are amazing ! But my momma is the best . ;) 
Had a wonderful day with a wonderful boy . Cooking cinnamon rolls , watching some spongebob , running down to the lake , and recording a song . Then I cleaned my car all my by self , spotless ! What a productive - and great - day this has been ! :) 
Can't believe this is the last day I will ever be at TCC . I am so excited for what's to come ! :) 
Watching < PROPMALE > play FFXII , drawing up and thinking about tattoo designs . Going to teach in a little bit , then going to De'Marcus ' dinner at 8 . Today is such a chill and wonderful day to be spent with people I love . :) I love my life , and SUMMER ! 
Had an amazing week and weekend . I have the best friends , the best life , the best family , and the best boyfriend . It blows my mind everyday . 
10 Months today !! I can't believe it . Here sitting on the church < PROPMALE > , sweating like a pig . Why do cleanses always have to make me hot flash ? Ahh ! 
It's real . Lost is really and truly over forever . I don't know if I can get into a better show ! 
What's on my mind ? Breakfaaaaasssttt ... 
is BLESSED . 
Looooves summer . Relaxing , hanging out with my amazing friends and boyfriend , going to an amazing church , what could get better ? :) 
loves being productive . But to have have fun at the same time ;) 
Here at Petsmart ready for a hard day's work ! Then for some chill < PROPFEMALE > out time with < PROPFIRST > Smith and my sweet boyfriend . :) 
Loves 2 service sundays . I feel so refreshed ! 
So , for my birthday , which is in about 18 days , I want a new iPod . A silver , very larrge gig iPod . :) Aaand a paraffin wax foot & hand bath , some < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > perfume , and money . I really need some new clothes and a bag for when school starts . :) 
There is nothing like starting off the day with a good swim and a little sun , then going off to get subway , and eating lunch while watching Lord of the Rings II with your lovely man ! 
The < PROPMALE > Horry Picture Show is the most retarted movie I have ever seen . 
Off to work early this morning ! Then to meet my wonderful boyfriend at < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s for some shopping . :) Haha the things I put him through , & yet he still manages to somehow love me . 
So ready for tonight . I am ready for a revival to break out in this place ! 
Was so productive ! Rearranged my room . It looks great :) And although DBU is my next huge step in life , I have decided to go to TCC one more semester . Money situations can be difficult , but this is the wisest decision , and I am excited nonetheless . :) 
Random storm , TCC is screwing everything up ; The only thing good about right now is the fact that my boyfriend is here keeping me sane . lol 
Just registered for classes at TCC ! Anatomy & Physiology , Macroeconimics , U.S. History , and Private Piano lessons ! Woot woooooooot . This is going to be one B-U-S-Y semester . 
Loves having fun days with her amazing best friend :) 
Had a pretty good day :) Played Baldur's Gate Dark Alliance , < PROPMALE > out at < PROPMALE>'s , took promos for FMS , and ate subway ! Woot ! Can't wait for church tomorrow . :) 
Today has been so good ! Got good sleep , had a wonderful birthday lunch with my grandma , family , & < PROPMALE > at < PROPFIRST>'s Crab Shack , and played Baldur's gate until < PROPMALE > left . Now I am sitting here wondering what to do ... in some ways , I am ready for this school year to start . But I know I'll regret wishing that . 
Off to work and the sun hasn't even shown yet . Thank goodness for the existence of naps ! 
Well , I'm 19 now . Doesn't feel any different ! 18 was a great year of my life . :) 
Awwh ! Thank you to EVERYONE who gave me a happy birthday . I really appreciate all of you who care . Today was a wonderful day and couldn't be better ! I love you all and I hope 19 is an even better year !! 
Sitting alone , watching < PROPFEMALE > , waiting for my love to come home . 
Sitting at the church , listening to < PROPMALE > practice his song for Sunday , wishing I could relive yesterday ! I had so much fun with my best friend . Sometimes , nothing is better than pedicures , good food , and shopping with someone you love more than anything . 
Forgot how sad Bicentenial Man is . :( lol 
So , sugar-free < PROPFEMALE > wasn't the BEST idea after all ... 
Sucks at Halo . No surprise there ! haha . 
Just watched Law Abiding Citizen . And OH . MY . GOSH !!!! That movie was more than intense . 
Well , today was overall a great independence day . Except for the part where I brought my dog to see fireworks , and she freaked out and bolted away while I tried to catch her from getting run over in speeding traffic , finally found her with the help of some fellow fireworks-watchers across the street and all BAREFOOT ! 
Youuuuuu'rrree in the MOVIEEEESSS !!!! 
30 Rock . Yeshhhh . 
Ready for a change , ready for something in me to break . Break me , God . Break me down until I cannot love without you . 
One more week exactly . :) 
Just for a fun time's sake .... if you like my status , I will tell you what I like , dislike , my first impression , and a confession about you . :) & You can do it back to me ! 
Loves cuddling up next to black kitten Mogley . She is the cutest little friend . 
Oh how I love party's with friends ! :) 
Dear Saturday , I am sooooo glad you finally made it ! 
Wow ... one year ! I know it may not seem like a long time , but I am truly blessed to be with the one I have fallen in love with . I am so excited for the years to come . :) Yesterday was amazing !!! 
Today I will clean this pig sty of a room , do about 6 or 7 loads of laundry , clean & organize everything , and get ready for tonight . There's nothing like a productive day ! AND I get to see my best friend ! I'm certainly not complaining . :) 
Office : Season 1 = epitome of hilarious awkwardness 
Finally made it to < PROPMALE > , TX . Wow . what a trip . lol I don't think I'll ever eat DQ again unless it's for their ice cream . lol 
Wow , last week was amazing . Words cannot even describe . My heart yearns for You , God . 
1 < PROPFIRST > is so good . Thank you Lord for speaking to me exactly what I need to hear at exactly the right time . 
Enjoying a relaxing morning with my wonderful boyfriend playing Final Fantasy 12 ! Going to my house a little bit later . Lord give me the motivation and < PROPFEMALE > to get up at 5 in the morning for work ! haha . 
About to head to work , surviving on 3 hours of sleep at the most . Dear body , please make through the next 5 hours without collapsing or drooling infront of anyone . Thank you :) 
Recording is so much fun . Especially when it sounds good at the end ! lol . Now watching the office while sipping on some citrus soda . ;) 
Takes too many things for granted . But I'm truly thankful for everything and everyONE in my life . I love my best friends and family . 
Got to finally see my wonderful friend < PROPMALE > and his lovely girlfriend < PROPFIRST > ! Such refreshing faces . Now watching rent with my amazing boyfriend ! God is so good . 
First day back after San Antonio/Austin trip ! It was so amazing , I never wanted to leave . I have the best friends in the world ! 
I have new haaaairrr ! :) 
So many things to do before school , so many things gone wrong , so little time to get all of them done - But I have a God who is bigger than all this , and I will trust in Him and He will provide for all my needs . 
Ohh how I am overflowing with passion . 
Today should be a great productive day ! About to leave for a 5 hour work day , then to TCC to take care of financial business , and then to DBU to go with my love to play at a church tonight ! Is it pathetic that I'm so excited to see him , and I saw him yesterday ? Haha . It may be , but I don't care ! :) 
First day of sophmore year tomorrow ! Excited and sad at the same time . Summer is over , and here comes the hard work and slavery ... 
First day of school wasn't bad ! Finally motivated to get into a regime again . Now that I'm working toward my < PROPMALE > , it could be a little more exciting . :) I wish there was more money in my life though . lol I never thought I'd be that broke college kid ! 
So happy that tomorrow is Fridayyy ! I need a day just to chill out and enjoy life . School is actually not so bad , I think I just might make it alive this year ! Haha . 
Can't sleep . Too much on the mind . 
Tonight was so great . I love looking through old videos with my family and friends . I've definitely had a wonderful life . :) 
It's . too . early . lol I remember mom used to sing to us kids ... \You gotta pray just to make it to-day yah yah ! \ " haha ! Only really . " 
Hanging at < PROPMALE>'s house watching Lost season 6 with him and his momma ! What a labor day . ;) hehe ! 
Doin some homework with the bestie !! :D 
Wow , the Lord really does answer even the smallest of prayers . 
A little under the weather today . Thank God for dayquil though ! Skyping with my man always makes me feel so much better . :) 
I have literally sat on < PROPMALE>'s couch since 3 o ' clock today playing final fantasy 7 on my computer . Wowwwww I am the epitome of nerd ! 
Is blessed beyond imagination . I do not deserve such amazingness ! 
There's nothing like a whole day of shopping ( and getting spoiled ) & then playing Final Fantasy 7 for 4 hours with your favorite man !! 14 months today ! Forever to go . ;) 
Oh goodness . I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . She makes me smile always ! 
I love playing Final Fantasy 7 with < PROPMALE > Mikray Robinson ! Even if we're just on the phone ! lol . Us = nerdy which = PERFECT ! haha . 
Migraines = living hell . \ 
\ 
Jesus = freedom of all sickness and disease !!! AMEN ! 
Mmmm homework on a Saturday afternoon .... my favorite ! 
So mad that my FF7 isn't working !!! I just wanna play the dang thing . Anywho . About to eat panda express with my favorite person ever ! :) 
Home again home again jiggity-jig ! 
This is my life and I LOVE IT !!! 
I need you , I want you , I crave you , every hour I will praise you . \ 
Jesus , I love you . 
There's nothing like amazing mexican food in an amazing , beautiful atmosphere with the person you adore most . Thank you so much , < PROPMALE > Mikray Robinson for blessing me without even trying ! <3 
Lovessss getting stuff done ! :) 
Mmm grease-filled hamburger dripping all over the place and cold curly fries ... TCC you never fail to amaze me . lol 
Wonderful dedication service last night . God showed up and He never left ! I sing with ten thousand angels every Sunday , and I wouldn't change that for anything in the world . I love my church ! 
Going to the museum and the omni with my love ! It sure doesn't feel like it's been 15 months . Every day seems brand new with him . :) 
Loves being FREE ! :D My God is a GREAT God ! 
If anyone is excellent at Chemistry , come to TCC Northwest RIGHT now and help me !!! 
I did the most homework today than any other day in the world ! I literally have only rested for 2 hours today including this hour . Good thing there is always a light at the end of the tunnel . I am running as fast as I can to that light ! 
Getting ready to go to an extra credit seminar for Chemistry ( much needed ) , to DBU to finally get a schedule for next semester ( I can't wait to see my dbu friends ! :D ) , and my little sisters birthday party is tonight ! What a lovely day this will be :) 
Lord , thank you for giving me a heart of worship . I cannot listen to anything else ! 
Is sooo excited for the future ! I love planning !!! 
Going through today with a positive mind set and allowing the < PROPFEMALE > of the Lord to fall on me !! ... Chemistry ... here I come ! 
Went to the new Goodwill in Saginaw today for the first time ! Ended up buying $60 worth of stuff for my future apartment ! I looooveee the new plates , mugs , and kitchen accessories I got today :)) Goodwill is amazing ! 
Can't wait for the bonfire tonight at my house ! I'll be sure to take lots of pictures :) 
Just got my schedule for DBU next Spring !! Fundamentals of Music Theory MWF at 8 a.m. , History at 9 a.m. MWF , Christian Leadership M&W at 11 , Old Testament T&Th at 9:30 , Intro to Music Biz at 11 on T&Th , Class Piano 1 on M&W at 2 , Grand Chorus , and Chapel ! Woo what a schedule ! Anyone who has those classes let me know ! :) 
Will someone please come and bring me some motivation now , please ? Mine has literally left me and taken a vacation forever . lol 
Is in need of more moolah . Anyone wanna donate ? lol :) 
Here it is ... I did it . I cut ....... my hair . 
Missing my long hair ... But at least when it grows out it will be healthy ! I'm glad most people like it . :) 
Dance with me , Oh lover of my soul , to the song of all songs . 
Pray for my little sister , our Bichon Frise Snowball died just a little while ago after jumping out of the car window and being run over . He passed away right there in the car with them . It was her birthday present and her own baby , please pray for comfort . 
Well , the little precious snowball has had a proper burial in our backyard . Rest in peace , little fella . Can't wait to see what God has in store for < PROPFEMALE > in a new one\ 
! Though it's been an emotional day , I'm happy to have an encouraging , amazing God who calms my heart no matter what the storm . 
Lord , could I please have the power to stop time ? I could really use it . :) lol 
Lovin ' this sweater and hat kind of weather . ;) 
Has discovered York Pieces , which are like Reese's Pieces . I will now ascend to the heavens . 
Will probably throw a party when this dreaded chemistry class is done with . Ughh . 
Is < PROPFEMALE > excited it's thanksgiving week !!!! :D I love thanksgiving . But more than that , after thanksgiving is over .. it'll be Christmas time ! My favorite . :) 
And though tiredness falls upon me , I find no rest , I cannot sleep , \ 
I wait in my bed as the night starts to age , \ 
Longing for You to shine your light upon my face . \ 
I'll close my eyes and dream dreams and feel peace , \ 
' Cause I yearn deeper for you , even when I'm asleep . 
Square One by Coldplay . It's just too good . 
Had a very different yet wonderful thanksgiving ! I am very thankful for my growing relationship with Jesus Christ , my amazing supportive family , my incredible uplifting boyfriend , and my encouraging friends that I love very much . What are you thankful for ? :) 
Had a wonderful start to the day by eating at West Side Cafe with < PROPFIRST > Briseno , < PROPMALE > Mikray Robinson and < PROPMALE > Lyon ! Then went to guitar center to price some instruments , and then to hulen mall into all the madness ! Got some christmas presents though . ;) I love giving gifts . 
Sometimes I get so into my weekend that I forget I'm in school ! Does anyone want to volunteer to write the rest of my research paper for me ? lol . 
Actually getting things done ! Even though I'm on facebook lol . I'm just so proud myself I had to tell the world . :) 
Forgot how much fun ruling people's lives was . On the Sims , I mean . lol :) 
Wow , God is so good ! No matter what the circumstance , He can pull you through anything with the greatest outcome you would have never expected . 
Let the light of your face shine down on my heart , \ 
and let me feel it ! 
Wants to buy so many people Christmas presents this year , but my money supply is so non-existent right now . Dear friends , would if be alright with you if I just gave you a batch of your favorite cupcakes and an amazing hug ? :) lol . 
Vitamin Water XXX . Soooo gooooood :) 
Fly Away is such a good movie . :) 
What's this about the number game ? I wanna do it ! Message me a random number between 1 - 1000 and I'll post a status with your number in the beginning and tell you what I think of you ! :) Sounds cool to me . ;) 
#86 You are so geniune . I love your pure heart your passion for outreaching ! I really hope we stay friends for a long time . You a truly a great friend ! 
#17 Hey man I don't really know you that well , but I am < PROPFEMALE > glad you come to our church !! We definitely have to talk more and find out what kind of music and stuff you're into . :) 
#181 - You are so awesome ! You're definitely one of my FAVORITE people at the church ( shh , don't tell ;)) and I love your amazing musicianship skills . Even I look up to you on that , you're amazing at it ! I'm sorry if I haven't been there for you as much as I feel like I should . I just want you to know that I'm here if you ever need anything . ;) I love you , girl ! 
#24 - Hello beautiful girl , you are so wonderful ! You're one of the happiest , most smiley girl I've ever met . You're always glowing with radiance , and I love seeing the woman you are becoming ! You have such a calling on your life , and I hope I get to see you fulfill wonderful things one day . Don't ever forget how beautifully and wonderfully made you are , because everyone else can see it . ;) I love you !! 
Today is going to be a GREAT day !! 
The Sunday night Christmas singing went amazing !! Everyone worked so hard , including all the precious little children , and it turned out amazing . Praise God for such a talented church ! I am so blessed to be part of such an amazing , music-focused ministry :) I love North Point ! 
Lost allllll my phone < PROPFIRST > and everything . So whoever has texted me in the last few days , I don't know who you are ! Please comment on this status and give me your < PROPFIRST > so I can have them ! Or message me , whichever . Please please please ! 
Recording can be such a fun , wonderful experience . But when you do not have a perfect voice , it is not so much . 
Has had a pretty productive day today ! I love getting things done . :) So excited for this weekend ! My finals ? Not so much . Be praying for me ;) 
Goodnight facebook , I'm off to face my finals in the morning . Gotta gear up with some knowledge instead of war paint . This is should go well ! 
Breaks my heart to see people not living to their full potential . 
Had such a wonderul Christmas and holiday so far !! Spent the last two days with < PROPFEMALE > Bates & < PROPFEMALE > Bates and I love them !! We started a new project called Eloquence < PROPMALE > and are hand-making some amazing hair accessories so check us out ;) OH ! & < PROPMALE > is home ! Which is the ultimate PLUS . ;) Goodnight everyone ! <3 
Hangin ' out with < PROPFEMALE > favorite boy ! :) Had a glorious day < PROPFEMALE > king beautiful < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > Bates and < PROPFEMALE > Bates and then eating Cici's with some great friends ! They are so precious ! I am so blessed . :) 
Had a wonderful night with some wonderful friends ! Now getting ready to go to Ikea tomorroww ! I love that place . I wish I could live there . lol 
Going to eat breakfast ( or brunch ) at < PROPFEMALE > Brown's with < PROPMALE > and his wonderful Mother < PROPFEMALE > Pace ! This is going to be a great day - the perfect ending to a perfect year :) 
Well , the snow was wonderful for the 2 hours it came down . I did enjoy a wonderful evening at Brunswick bowling alley with a bunch of great friends ! AND smoked < PROPMALE > by a good 10 points . ;) Now we are playing Fable 3 eating food ! It's been a lovely day . 
It's almost here , the time to embark on a new journey . School starts on Tuesday , and I have no clue of what to expect . Keeping my head high and my eyes on the sky , I'm sure it will be one of the greatest experiences of my life . Moving on Saturday ! ;) 
Hanging with my Camillers ! We love life stories , invented cinnipops , and stumble-upon . ;) 
Nothing like chilling on your last day of freedom with some of your best friends , watching Lord of the Rings . :) It's the beeest . 
First day at DBU ..... \ 
FREAKING AWESOME ! 
Had a crazy Monday to start off the week ! Lots of music homework , jams in my town home , and discovering tons of amazing music . I'd say it's been a pretty great day . ;) 
Had such a great weekend ! I couldn't ask for a better family or boyfriend . I am a truly blessed girl . :) Back at DBU tonight , not getting very much sleep , but that's what college is all about , isn't it ?? lol . 
Had an amazing snow day !!! Went for a stroll by the lake with my boyfriend and his lovely mother and < PROPFIRST > , wrote a little bit , and have been watching movies for a while :) Gosh I love snow and no school days . ;) 
Sad the snow is melting , but sooo happy the roads are becoming drivable !! Praise God ! A few set backs today , but I know it'll turn around . Recording and practicing for show next weekend ! I hope it turns out well :) 
Had a wonderful evening with the sweet < PROPFEMALE > Ingram :) Had a relaxing yet productive day today . I hope tomorrow will be just as good ! 
Bittersweet weather . No school - but can't really go anywhere or do anything either lol . I just want to snuggle up inside and watch movies all day ! 
Tomorrow is Friday . Only 3 classes , then family time ! I can't wait ! :) I'm really craving some good sushi .... 
Last night's show = success ! Church this morning = AMAZING ! Everything in the last 24 hours has been so great . God is so good to me . I'll never fathom his love and greatness . :) 
I have the best boyfriend in the world . < PROPMALE > Mikray Robinson , I love you , and will be writing this next song as a tribute to you . ;) I'm so thankful to have instant inspiration !! 
Been battling nausea all day . If you find it in you today , agree with me , that I won't have to deal with this much longer ! 
Regaining strength today after being so dehydrated yesterday ! Powerade and crackers is what's it all about . Oh , and The Office :) 
I have no homework ! It's a miracle ! 
So excited to start helping people and earning some moolah for it ! Praise God for such wonderful opportunities ! :) 
Had a wonderful night with < PROPFEMALE > Bates , < PROPFEMALE > Bates , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Dixson !! Now I've got the coolest nails ever ;) Love you girls !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Miller is amazing ! Got an almost 2 hour massage from her today . She is a blessing and made my neck feel so much better ! :) 
Even though I fail you , I know You love me . 
Busy night ahead of me ! All the hard work is worth it in the end . Tomorrow night is going to be amazing , I just want the Holy Spirit to rain down and never leave Saginaw , TX !! 
Last night = incredible success . It was so much better than I ever imagined . God , you are incomparable . 
Incredible night . Believably incredible !! 
Who Knows Who Cares - Local Natives . \ 
The ultimate jam for today . & Actually , probably the rest of the week as well . \ 
:) love this band . 
So turn the lamp off , my wandering eyes stop\ 
Endure the thoughts of , and start where you love . \ 
We'll start from where we last left off , \ 
The lines that we'll draw , begin and don't stop . 
On my way back to red hair ! Yay ! So excited :) I've missed it so much ! 
Dear Civil Wars , you make such beautiful music I just want to die . Please bestow upon me your gifts and talents of harmonies and dynamic vocals . Thank you very much . 
I am in love with red hair . :) 
Kingdom hearts with boyfriend ! :) 
To all of you out of high school and looking for an awesome outlet to meet some amazing people - you need to be at this Friday's C4 College and Career Game Night !! It will be held at North Point church at 7 o ' clock , and I want all of you to come and enjoy an awesome night of fun and games with us !! Please check out C4 College and Career Ministry for more information :) 
Today has been a crazy day ! But the more I am at school , the closer summer gets . & The closer summer gets , the closer England , Scotland , & < PROPFIRST > is !!! Excitement is an understatement . :) 
I can't believe this just happened ... 
< PROPFEMALE > and I tried our brownie creations and said ... \WTF !! \ " \ 
