is back from Canada . 

just spent most of the afternoon painting :) 
painted a picture ! 
is painting again :) 
The retaining wall fell down :( It needs to be rebuilt . 
Using some random wifi from a random parking lot in Pigeon , Michigan . 
Just got back from vacation . Almost time for < PROPFEMALE > . Yay ! 
Almost ready to go to < PROPFEMALE > , and the final pieces are falling into place :) 
Yay ! Going to < PROPFEMALE > this month :) 
Made good progress toward getting a campus job at < PROPFEMALE > today :) 
Finally began < PROPFEMALE > packing in < PROPMALE > . :) 
Worst < PROPFEMALE > sting of my life . Half of my foot is swollen up and continuing to swell . I'm pretty sure I've developed a < PROPFEMALE > allergy . 
:) My foot has almost returned to normal size after yesterday's epic beesting . 
Good night , world . < PROPFEMALE > , see you Monday :) 
< PROPFEMALE > tomorrow morning :) 
Settled into my room at < PROPFEMALE > , waiting for roommate #2 to arrive . 
< PROPFEMALE > is awesome . 
Did not know that UP would have so much sad stuff in it . 
Just got back from the first honors program meeting ( book discussion ) Got to < PROPFEMALE > out with some pretty splendiferous people who I look forward to getting to know better . :) 
I am very glad to be at a university where the faculty and staff are willing to work with me to help solve my problems . 
Amount of effort I will need to put forth in Spanish > Amount of effort for all other classes combined 
Cedar Bend ! Civilization , goodbye ; I'll see you Monday . 
Had a great weekend at Cedar Bend , now inhumanly tired beyond all word and reason . 
Sitting in a rather warm , somewhat cluttered dorm room casually trying to get some work done ( and also facebooking ) 
Yo estoy muy cansado ... 
Back from playing some water basketball . < PROPMALE > fun , but < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > horse . 
Good night world . Spanish test , please have mercy . 
Chemistry and Zoology were both quite enjoyable today . Still keeping my fingers crossed for the Spanish test . 
That was some super-intense Arbor Games . Getting ready for Beta 2's rise to intramural legend ... 
Study for a while , then hit the weights later on tonight . ( emphatic man-grunt ) 
Physical exhaustion can be a truly wonderful feeling ; it is truly one of the most inexpensive luxuries found in this world . 
Zoology Lab was interesting , but it felt good at the end to be able to pull my eye away from the microscope . 
In my room doing homework with my stereo to keep me company . 
Yay ! College weekend ! College weekends are so awesome , they make sliced bread feel insecure . 
Sitting in my room doing homework with my stereo for company . 
Logos is the place to be on Sunday morning :D 
I'm CDO ... it's kindof like OCD , except the letters are all in alphabetical order like they're supposed to be :D 
Hehe ... I just learned a new word from a comic strip . \Vacuous\ " : emptied or lacking content . :D " 
I think I ate something that disagrees with me ; unfortunately , it is a far better debater than I am . :-( 
Starting to get pumped for chem lab tomorrow . :D 
Zoology lab was a bit frustrating . I'm pretty sure that ameobas don't really exist . 
Just made a pretty sweet pie chart in excell for my time management project . :D 
Just found out that I have better < PROPFEMALE > wifi signal in the McDonald's accross the street than I have in my own dorm room . 
Haha . MSU wins :D 
needs a haircut 
¡No mas clases por toda la día ! 
My tummy is upset , and I empathize . 
What Do You Call < PROPFEMALE > ' s Helpers ? 
Haha .... I has pizza in my fridge :D 
Estoy estudiando español . ¡Es malo ! 
feels fairly prepared for tomorrows Spanish test . More study time after A.M. classes tomorrow . 
thinks that giving Obama the Nobel Peace Prize in analougous to giving the Nobel prize in Chemistry to an undergraduate student with a B+ average as \an encouragement for him to act . \"" 
Don't know what to write for my status .... And so starts the birthday countdown : 7 more days !! 
New Mongolian Grill is open in the DC . Btw , birthday countdown continues : 6 more days 
Dilbert comics are hillarious . In other news : five more days until my birthday ! 
Interesting Zoology lab today . Btw , only three more days until my birthday ! 
Just watched a very interesting documentary on the current state of our nation's missile defense system . 33 Minutes is a must-see for anyone interested in knowing more about missile defense issues , which should be everyone . 
My Spanish class got cancelled today . It just doesn't feel like I should be on the weekend yet ... 
Home for the weekend 
Comfy chair with a decent view , brownie frape , streaming country music via Pandora , plenty of time to finish my homework ... life is good :D 
Too much Spanish ! My brain is begining to liquefy ! 
My brain has officially been destroyed by homework , reduced to a wasteland of radioactive slag where once there was a happy place . 
My Mommy bought a car ..... old car gets sent to < PROPFEMALE > for my sister and me ! :D :D :D 
The awesomeness of today can only be expressed in the superfuous degree of comparison . 
Never trust a geometry teacher , they're always plotting something ... 
News Flash from the world of Dilbert today : Dogbert is stepping down as CEO . 
Oddly enough , no classes tomorrow . 
I know Kung Fu ! ( and some other dangerous words ) 
Yay ! My computer works again today ! 
On my way to Canada in two days . 
Back from Canada . 
Looking forward to going back to school . 
Time to pack for < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Mornings at work are so much more relaxed than afternoons ... that's why the time clock is in civilian time . 
Back to school tomorrow ! 
is the General Chemistry lab assistant for the Tuesday 7:45 - 10:45 AM lab . 
If you shoot an arrow at a monkey from an airplane and the\ 
monkey throws a coconut at the incoming arrow to stop it but he misses , how can\ 
you tell what time it is ? 
Wonders if you could find a book about the history of WD-40 in the nonfriction section of the library ... 
Ludicrously excited that my code compiled 
I can add an infinite number of terms in a finite amount of time and get a finite sum . I am a ninja . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have been eaten by dragons . The other7% aresitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers ! 
\Carpe diem \"= seize the day . \ " Carp in denim \"= fish in pants . " 
Home for the Holidays :) 
