is all kinds of sniffly . Stupid sick . 

is going to get up at the ass-crack of < PROPFEMALE > for farmer's market tomorrow -_- 
Happy Summer Solstice ! 
AC should be outlawed ... 
is extremely nervous about leaving for San < PROPMALE > tomorrow 
Thank's for all the birthday wishes ! Whew , managed to finally load this < PROPFEMALE > on what passes for internet at this hotel ( Mariott ) . 
Grad school application is due today * twitch , spaz * 
Ok seriously , where did the heat go and what's up with this crap calling itself July ?! 
Fireworks are awesome . Watching 3 different ones in the last week ? Awesomer . 
wonders why her back feels like it's been run over by a truck .. 
Mosquito bite on the forehead is totally not cool . 
curls up in tiredness . 
Oy apartment searching . 19 places to look at in the next 2 days , move within 1 week . Trying not to panic too much . 
Has anyone from < PROPFEMALE > rented from Apex before ? It seems like we may have found a good apartment from them , just wondering how they do as landlords . 
Yay we got approved for our new place . Now comes the contract signing and * shudder * moving .. 
curls up in tiredness . ZZZZZZZZZZ 
Moving : accomplished . Now comes the fun part of trying to find everything again . 
has been accepted to grad school in biomedical engineering at the UW ! 
has totally passed out for a 3 hour nap , and is now having coordination problems ... * thump * 
has had a workday from hell . 
By the way , last week has been totally proving my theory that normal people suck . 
is going to fall over sleepy . sooo much to do ... * gack * 
was just at the new graduate student orientation . I'm officially in . * cue the surreal feeling * 
Yeah , so , guess who got lost on her way from the north side of < PROPFEMALE > to Middleton , and ended up in Waunakee ... That's right . I are retarded , and had to call < PROPFIRST > for halp . In my defense ? You can't see shit at night , even with my brights . 
Sleep and work , that's pretty much all I do these days . With the exception of tasty raspberry picking this morning . Mmmmmmm .. Going to attempt to make a cordial from those . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
To the bloody idiot this morning who seems to disappreciate the use of his turn signals or eyes : Do you know what happens to morons who hit a scooter at 45mph ? A fucking manslaughter suit . 
Neurophysiology explained . * Action potential : relationship . * Absolute refractory period : the time after the relationship where men , as a species , are repulsive . * Relative refractory period : the slow drift to normal , where a new action potential can develop , if stimulated sufficiently . 
* gag * I hate sexistst male salespeople that think they and their product are God's greatest gift . 
is going up to Superior this weekend ! :) 
has had way , wayyy too much coffee * shakey * 
3 hours later ? Still freakin shakey . Doing needlepoint work is a pain . No more coffees for me ! 
< PROPFEMALE > . Today's work appropriate conversation turned to registered sex offenders . According to my boss and coworker , half of those are just bitches calling rape . 
is tired . 
just wants to sleep for the next two weeks . 
Don't I feel lucky .. my boss told me yesterday that he never had any girl work for him that got hit on as much as I do at work . 
is besieged by cuddly kitties . * purrr * 
Dear city of Middleton . Since you seem to have decided that it is more cost effective to turn University Ave back into a gravel road , should we perhaps start using horses again ? Or is this your contribution to the shortage of organ donation ? 
I'm getting my ass kicked by the plague . Slept for a total of 12 hours today >.< 
is completely studied out . 
You know you're in grad school when : you're still in lab at 2am .. 
So what is it with people just taking stuff without asking ? New fashion trend ? 
is feeling tired but accomplished . 
Drunk people are retarded and annoying . 
Today's weather is so fired . 
How do you know a snow day has been called ? Random screams throughout campus . People skiing in the road . Caravans of cars patiently following snowplows . 
Crap . Bus service is cancelled now too . Guess I'm totally stuck then . Grr winter 
Sometimes , live is just good * bask * 
Good judgement comes from experience . Experience comes from bad judgement .. 
Anyone looking for an apartment : I know someone who wants to sublet for spring . It is a studio , about two blocks from campus , with a shared kitchen down the hall , and coin laundry in the building . Rent is $515 per month , which includes utilities . 
needs something interesting to do on New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . Any suggestions ? 
did a full 360 in the snowy road last night . Scariest thing I experienced in a car , ever . Thankfully , it was in a completely open road , so no damage to me or car . Someone likes me up there . 
This is weird but oddly pleasant - students are asking me for letters of recomendation . A very small part of me never thought I'd get here .. Wherever here is , anyway :) 
< PROPFIRST > just got a Razer mouse and keyboard . Wow , talk about great engineering design . 
thanks the dickweed bumping her oscillator for the last wasted hour trying to figure out what the hell . 
has the plague . Urgh . 
total fail : being the only girl , and simultaneously being the only non-asian in a 20 people circuits class . utter fail : your labmates in that class only speak enough english collectively to make themselves understood after consulting with each other . most of my lab period i spent listening to thai and chinese , and adjusting the oscilloscope . 
blah . 
so . much . crap . to . do . 
The mild insanity part of sleep deprivation is slowly kicking in .... 
Wow ... Matlab is the most useful post-processing program ever . Wow . 
Week 3 of sleep deprivation - the insanity stage . 
Ok , I'm in severe need of new leather-y and vinyl-y clothes . Preferably with lots and lots of pointies , straps and such . Anyone know a good online store ? 
Brain . Hurts . Too much freakin electronics . 
snow .... Snow . Snow ? Snow ?!?!!! SNOW ?!!!! SERIOUSLY ?!!!!!! Fuck wisconsin . 
oy . working retail on easter sunday is deathly boring . 
Note to self : do not , under any circumstances , exchange your information with boys at a concert , long hair or not . 
When trying to light a starter-fluid-soaked grill , do not < PROPFEMALE > over it with the lighter . Unless you don't like having eyelashes . 
Why do people insist on bugging me when I'm busy on my computer , with noise-cancelling headphones , clearly trying to shut out the world ? Seriously , it IS creepy and rude when you stand behind me , hoping I'll notice you , then give me the look of \why were you ignoring me on purpose\ " when I finally jump to your presence . " 
I fell out of my shoe this morning . Twice . That's how tired I am . 
\5 hour energy\ " should be relabelled as \ " 5 hour panic attack\ " . Truth in advertising ! " 
One good thing about having 4 final projects this semester : I seem to be loosing the edge of public speaking anxiety . 
Someone just seriously called and asked what is wrong with their CO2 alarm , it has been going off for 3 weeks . 
Sleep is overrated . 
Happy Summer Solstice 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! 
Going to farmer's market tomorrow at 7am 
Wow work after 3 hours of sleep sucks 
Life is goood :) 
Baraboo < PROPFEMALE > lot further than it looks . Especially on a bike ... 
Scooter got tipped in the Radioshack parking lot by someone trying to \ 
steal it . Got a few scratches , otherwise everything works ok . \ 
According to Progressive though it's a total loss .... * dumbfounded * 
Finally great weather ! 
Why do people simultaneously feel lonely and strive to be alone ? 
Anyone looking for a roommate ? 
People are weird , but interesting . 
Anyone willing to come npc for our larp on Sept 11 ? 
What is it with audiobooks trying to sound like a movie ? Grrr . 
If anyone is still hunting for a samsung epic , we have one in stock and it is the awesome . \ 
http://reviews.cnet.com/smartphones/samsung-epic-4g-review/ 
Yay , finally I have a real means of transportation again 
When did it become socially acceptable to hit on someone that's going through a breakup ? 
* Curls up in a stress bubble * 
A lot of people on facebook tonight .. 
Is excited to be getting cleanroom training :D 
Customer : \So I have this phone from x company ... \ " \ 
misses the careful creativity possible in the < PROPMALE > language . When did English turn to point-and-grunt , in comparison to this :\ 
Die Sonne , die Sterne tragen Kunde < PROPMALE > Dir , jeder Lufthauch erzählt mir < PROPMALE > Dir . Jeder Atemzug , jeder Schritt , trägt Deinen Namen weit mit sich mit . 
is giddy about being in the cleanroom today . * Geekgasm * 
4g speeds .. Yum . Like sitting at your computer at home ! I'm jealous of all you minneapolis people 
does not approve of the weather conditions . 
Ich hab echt die Schnauze voll heute . Es reicht , verdammt nochmal . Die Menschheit kann mich so mal am Arsch lecken . 
Apparently , even though we live in the 21stcentury , being a woman in a technical job of any kind is still considered as some sort of inside joke . 
IPad : The priviledged-white-people catnip . -The Onion . 
Blah . 
There is a really tasty place next to our store , I'm totally addicted ... Fuzzy's tacos , and is surprisingly tasty and light . 
Argh ! Mold is surrounding the battlements ! Everyone get a tar bucket !!! Fiiiiiiiiiiiiire 
is excited about 2011 . 
Ack ! Sprint's towers are down in the area ! I feel so naked without my phone o.O 
Aikido is fun , but boy does it hurt afterwards . The good kind of hurt . 
Whew , finally a normal day . 
There is only ONE day of the year when it is acceptable to play Christmas music , and that's freakin Christmas day . 
That's the second accident of someone going the wrong way on University ave I have seen today . What is it with people ? Did they put something in the water ? 
I'm so sick of rude people with an entitlement complex . 
Brain frozen .. along with half my toes / fingers 
So when you walk into a room , and the person in that room is sitting and studying with the door closed .... isn't it common courtesy to close the damn door behind yourself ? 
Ack ! -20C low temp ?! WTF ?!?! 
This weather makes me sleeeeeepy . 
is in numb disbelief . 
.... just set her personal scooting record : 6 degrees F . 
Life is good :) 
is feeling restless and evil 
wishes she could sleep . At night . 
wishes there was more rp in her life .... 
* twitch * 
Martial arts class : 1hr . \ 
Waiting for the bus : 50mins . \ 
Bus ride : 40mins . \ 
Getting off 20 stops early and still beating the bus by 10mins : Fucking priceless . 
My scooter gave out AGAIN . On the beltline . Yay police escort so people do not murder me . Today sucks . 
If you or someone you know works for the UW , state , county , city , or local government in WI , copy this and make it your status update today . Let's see how many people would be negatively affected by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s \nuclear option\ " of eliminating 50 years of peaceful collective bargaining in Wisconsin . " 
Yay , scooter fixed again !!! 
If you just got a weird link from me don't look at it , it's a virus . Sorry . 
Woot , fixed my phone GPS finally 
is heading to the capitol RIGHT NOW . Who's with me ? 
Just came home from the capitol . There was tension , but everything went peaceful . People are digging in for the long haul , pizza , blankets , apples and water . Need sleep now . 
3 hours of martial arts should really leave me exhausted , not bouncy ..... 
Ah yes , this is the tired I was looking for . Can't . Move . 
Can't wake up to save my life lately . 
Pellets of ice raining down + an inch of ice on the road + strong gusts of wind + scooter = adrenaline rush 
Apparently , a rudimentary knowledge of math is no longer required for a college education . What shall we eliminate next , writing ? Reading ? Hell while we're at it , let's eliminate education all together . After all , an uneducated public is a pliable public . 
There are no words for how much I hate writing papers . 
Sigh . < PROPMALE > writing is torture . 
RAWR ~ ! 
