* twitch * going on 32 hours of no sleep . * twitch * 

needs sleep . i thought the whole point of summer was not 2 get up @ 5:30 am ... 
instead of sleeping in was forced to go to CASH ... 
misses the days when you could actually see the fireflies and catch them ... 
regionals this weekend 
got 4th in every event ... and to think i was holding 1st in figures and 2nd in dance .... 
wants 2 jump in a pool ... 
is going to nationals !!! but may have a fractured scaphoid .... great 
US lost :( . o well atleast it was interesting 
mri went well but i fell asleep so i dont really remember anythin .... 
swimming !! 
why do u never feel sunburn until you get out of the sun ? 
fireworks at united sports . VIP section ! 
no fracture ! just bruising and stressed ligaments and tendons . 6 more weeks with a splint ! 
\The best < PROPFEMALE > from which to approach any problem is the TRY < PROPFEMALE >\" ~ corniest fortune cookie EVER " 
skating thing tonight and cosplay shopping 
< PROPMALE > Potter and the Half Blood < PROPMALE > midnight tonight ! 
looking for old white rags ... 
cleaning for secound cousin and aunt . it will b an interesting week ... 
aunt and secound cousin are over ... 
went 2 chinatown 
watching advent children 
finished packing for peoria but i couldnt find my ER shirt :'( 
leaving for nationals 2moro ! 
leaving for peoria !! a 12 fun hrs in the car !!! woo .... 
in peoria the most boring city squinting at a < PROPFEMALE > computer screen and typing on a very old keyboard . hahaha the monitor is a BOX 
is home and will post pictures 
put up all the pics that im gonna post . im far 2 lazy 2 put up 500pictures with the simple uploader 
theres a random guy dancing with a mop on the empty national floor while the areana is closed 
stupid internet connection ... 
teaching myself to write with my left hand . not going so well ... 
wants to see ponyo 
played DDR for the first time in a long time 
funeral 2moro . any advice on what i should wear ?? besides all black ... 
funeral and then birthday party ! 
beach till the 19th 
home . dead . MY ROSTER HASNT COME YET :'( 
ROSTER CAME !!! 
got my permit :) 
hates being out of shape ... 
going to see PONYO !! hopefully disney didnt screw it up too much ... 
Ponyo was the cutest movie and disney hardly screwed it up 
skating yay ! 
soccer practice despite the rain 
forgot how nice soccer was in the rain ... despite the slips and splits 
never thought i would post this but i need help on simple algebra homework ! 
home and dead tired 
does anyone understand what we are supposed to do for World History 2 Dr. Smith ? 
pretty sure Thompson gave out random math problems to do 
already lost my vocab book 
zune re-did there software and now it is insanely awesome . soccer later 
the gnomes are watching you ... 
did not get burned badly in chem today despite the seniors ' attempts 
question : if the school doesnt want us to waste time in a day then why do we have religion class ? 
cant upload videos bc i need to edit them .... well @ < PROPFEMALE > needs to edit them 
no one got my cosplay but it was sorta pathetic . had fun anyway ! 
soccer game in the rain ?? 
fever finally went away but i still feel like crap :( 
i really do miss everything ! 
fed up with the teaching style of history class 
y is it soooo cold outside ?? 
ZENKAIKON SCHEDULE HAS BEEN POSTED !!! 
my history grade went up . how ??? 
coke zero/sprite zero is DISGUSTING ! 
so the packaging of my cookie dough said \do not consume raw\ " .... ughhhhhhhh too late ... " 
WILL finish my costume tonight ! 
2 soccer games in the rain .... 
doesn't know how to study for pre-engineering ... 
needs to stop eating sooo much < PROPFEMALE > .... 
2 more days !! <3 
soccer play-offs in the cold ..... well atleast its not raining 
so gmick doesnt realy count homework .... 
Finished Chrno Crusade !!!! anyone want to explain the ending cause IM SOOO CONFUSED !!! 
charleston chews <3 
watching chrno crusade . its making < PROPFEMALE > much more sense now 
en francais ? 
guess i should start christmas shopping ... 
stupid ice ..... 
done english rough draft ! this does not mean that im done the paper . If I were to handed it in as it is now I would probably fail ... 
has been adopted ! 
the snow is beautiful but its messing up my extremely busy weekend ... 
making cookies from scratch and hoping to go snowboarding again tomorrow ! 
Oh history you are going to ruin my life ... 
laptop for christams ! 
mariokart on the Wii = FAIL 
needs to play super smash bros more 
was playing twilight < PROPFEMALE > but i give up ! those stupid goats just wont go in the barn ! 
going outside to shovel snow . o joy .... 
new years < PROPFEMALE > sleepover ! 
Accepted to York ! 
I feel so accomplished : I filled out my first skating competition application all by myself 
skating competition tomorrow . NOW it's time to freak out 
is exhausted ! 
SAT prep tonight . o joy ... 
SAT prep is cutting into my trig studying ... 
6 hrs of math really screwed up my brain ..... 
well i should be saying life sucks but you know what ? it really does'nt . I'm enjoying life and no one will take that away 
What is this stuff about < PROPFEMALE > on gmicks blog ?? 
done SAT prep !!! 
done english/religion essay !! 
is not going to Odenton ... 
Was happy and then looked at my history grade ..... 
is giving up on male seniors for lent 
finally done all the CAD drawings !!! 
making cookies !! yumm 
fushigi no kuni o samayotta .... 
Everyone keeps talking about the new Pokemon game so I have decided to replay the Original Pokemon game ! 
\We Team Rocket are Pokemon gangsters \"- i love the 90s ... " 
On to Donora ! 
finally home !!! 
missed < PROPFEMALE > much ... 
Encountered dangerous parked cars and an angry soccre mom while driving today 
Penn State v.s. Philadelphia Independence women's soccer Exhibition at USTC on Thursday- BEST BIRTHDAY PRESENT EVER ! 
Thank You all for the birthday wishes !! :) 
7 straight hours on homework ? yeah new personal best 
Has no dress for Jr ring dance . No idea want I'm going to do 
found a dress ! :) 
note to self- fake nails taste bad ... 
yeah okay people the long groups are killing me . thank you for the hide option i guess ... 
wish my brain would just shut up for a few minutes 
new camera :D 
new ride at the strawberry festival was just AWESOME ! 
okay now I'm freaking out . < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow :D will probably be up all night 
Leaving for < PROPFEMALE > today !! If you text me I wont answer for 11 days 
flight was delayed due to airplane difficulties . Stuck in London for 5hour layover . Only half the group as of now has a flight to Toulouse . I am one of those lucky few . Hopefully we will be able to continue to Rocamador tonight and not stay in Toulouse mssing two days of the trip . 
flight was delayed in philly . missed our connection in London so now on a 5hr layover . Only half the group has a flight into < PROPFEMALE > . I am one of the lucky few who will be in < PROPFEMALE > this afternoon . Hoping all will eventually work itself out . 
coming home tomorrow !!!!! hopefully there are NO more problems . this trip has been a mess 
Is home and its 2 in the morning in my head 
< PROPFEMALE > limonade tastes EXACTLY like perfume . ew . 
guess now is the time to start uploading pictures .... 
there's about 600 more pictures to go through but facebook is being evil so that's all for now ! 
my brake lights are evil ..... 
officially going to Otakon ! 
found my dad's Atari controllers and games but not the actual system . grr 
and < PROPFEMALE > Rosenberry are super excited that our new school kilt has a POCKET !! 
guess it's time to upload more < PROPFEMALE > photos . OH JOY . 
bring on the penalty kicks ! 
okay so no penalty kicks but WIN FOR SPAIN !! 
just ate a whole jar of fudge . okay maybe I should get out of the house for a bit ... 
wishes to be at nationals right now 
alright sleep would be a good idea right about now 
packing for college visit and otakon . great weekend ahead ! 
leaving for otakon ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Rosenberry be happy because I'm finally posting otakon pictures and maybe Avatar too 
wants to go back to < PROPFEMALE > 
not looking forward to tomorrow 
Passed :D 
With all the hatred in the air , my heart is breaking . My one escape , the one thing that kept me sane for so long is causing it all . 
that is where I belong 
the rosters better come tomorrow or I'm going to lose my mind 
no roster :( but i did get my liscense . 
I'm done . 
can we fast-forward to September already ? 
video chats are evil ... 
at the beach and bored 
Ignis Fatuus is probably the scareist haunted attraction I've ever done . 
ACTs tomorrow . not a good idea ... 
Every time I finally move forward you come back and destroy it all . 
Soccer practice = fail . sooo out of shape 
Someone almost knocked the side mirror off my car . they are very lucky I was able to pop it back into place 
Looking at college Apps .... SCARY 
keeps staring at the college essay . Just can't seem to write anything 
School computer decided to crash part of my programming project :'( 
across the universe <3 
finally inspiration for my personal statement ! 
Applied to York and CUP . only three more to go 
stupid writer's block you win again ... 
stressing . i really hate deadlines 
* bangs head into wall * stressing has escalated to freaking out 
I think the universe is trying to tell me something .... 
none of my colleges have gotten my transcripts and the deadline is tomorrow . great . 
Dr. Pepper + building a staircase + hot glue = BAD IDEA 
snickerdoodles <3 
Time for cookies ! 
gave in and got a skype ... 
Learned how to drive home on untreated roads . Oh the fun . 
Accepted to Salisbury U :D 
15 hours per character for Birth by Sleep ?! well good thing there's a snow day tomorrow 
forgot how good Pez < PROPFEMALE > is 
not going to school 
No power .... 
Black Swan = twisted , disturbing , and absolutely AMAZING ! 
my driveway is a sheet of ice ... tomorrow is NOT going to be a fun morning . 
FINISHED HAYES STUDYGUIDE !! that was absolute torture ... but still better than the Peterson essay . 
All-nighter ? yes i think so . 
I've been studying for the wrong exam all day . FML . 
so excited for thundersnow <3 
salisbury honors college : e-mail a short essay that you are proud to have written . Well this would be really easy if I actually HAD a good essay ... 
writing a Hayes studyguide ..? 
Hayes studyguide is DONE !!! 
Officially accepted to CalU's honors program ! 
Accepted to College of Charleston :D 
so my dad bought < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim v.s. the World . Guess this means I should watch it ... 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim v.s. the World - not a fan . The fights are pretty sick but other than that I don't like it . 
bought glow-in-the-dark knee high socks . Definately good money spent :D 
in Salisbury till tomorrow 
HOME ! and its really cold here ... 
accidently sent my laser tag money for tomorrow through the wash ... I am very torn as to whether I should've just let it go through the dry cycle too or set it out to dry for the night ... 
My voice is gone but tonight was AWESOME ! 
accepted to Salisbury's honors program ! 
I miss Charleston already but atleast I got a prom dress ...? 
Accepted to St. < PROPFIRST>'s! and this means I got in to all my schools :D 
Middle of nowhere < PROPFEMALE > for a skating competition ? heck yeah 
I hate being sick .... 
101 fever ! well i guess its good i didnt already miss five freaking days of school .... 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone :D 
fortune cookie says- \Eat your vegetable and you'll grow up big and strong like Popeye\ " ...... wait what ? I am so confused " 
Becca Rambo is the koolest person ever !!! 
Why did I sign up to take AB calc test again ? Oh yeah I enjoy a slow and painful death . WORST . IDEA . EVER . 
For anyone who actually still studies for tests I made a Haye's studyguide so feel free to steal ! 
I hope whoever grades my free-response Calc questions has a sense of humor ... 
up early to put on an insane amount of makeup ? wouldnt have it any other way 
yay skype is finally working again :D 
skype doesn't work on my computer anymore :( 
sunburn the day before prom ? yeahhhh .... 
i hate ticks :( 
posted hayes studyguide ! check my notes 
french + math on the same day . whose bright idea was that ?? 
penn state icecream . WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE ?! 
class scheduling for salisbury tomorrow ? but I still feel like a shanahan student ... 
Finally has Internet access !! well for a few more minutes atleast 
home from senior week . kind of miss it already 
I love lightning bugs but not when they are attacking me as I try to get in the front door ... 
First concert ever tonight :D 
< PROPMALE > Potter midnight showing and then leave for Salisbury for a five day biking/rope challenge/community service trip ? Yeah not one of my brightest ideas ... 
RIP dare and hello IPhone 4 :D 
Puppies ! :D 
So my college has YET to receive my final transcripts from shanahan . You have GOT to be kidding me ... 
Leaving Salisbury :'( 
Just found ALL of my original pokemon cards !! SO happy right now : ' D 
Apparently to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > I'm a hopping addict ... 
I'm going to meet miyavi . IM GOING TO MEET MIYAVI . OMFG IM GOING TO MEET MIYAVI . THANK YOU < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is my hero . My idol . And more than anything in the entire world , I wish that perhaps someday I may potentially achieve the the abnormally astronomical levels of awesome and epic and perfect that she is at this moment . But alas , it is a mere dream of mine . Maybe someday my dream shall come true . 
Baltimore for the weekend :D 
Just lost power ...? 
Perfect night to just sit out and look at the stars . 
this is it . now's the time for a miracle 
August 9 , 2011 1:39 pm RIP Daddy . One day I'll make you so proud 
For funeral for my dad see link below . There will be lunch at Downingtown Country Club from 12:30 - 3pm . Anyone who would like to show support is welcome to come . If you're planning to go to the Church i suggest you carpool people because there is VERY little parking . I appreciate everyone who shows up to anything but personally if you choose to go to only one thing I say go for the lunch . Thank you everyone for the support no matter how you show it <3 
Almost attacked by a skunk tonight . Aha not going into the back forty at night again for awhile ... 
packing packing packing Salisbury in 2 days 
Last night in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
In salisbury . Got my parking permit and math textbook . Can't wait to move in tomorrow ! 
Currently evacuating Salisbury . Well ... So much for orientation ... 
Coming home this weekend . Anyone want me to visit them ? 
Home sweet home . First stop-On the border for chips and salsa 
Extreme makeover home edition at Salisbury today ! 
must write essay . must write essay . wait this is facebook .... crap 
