Hahahahaha So , I was stopped in my attempt to upload my cheesy new years video and post my obligatory Happy new years Stati because my cable went out exactly at Midnight . I'm pretty sure someone broke into a substation and cut all the wires as a joke . 

is packing his things into boxes ( As opposed to ?.... ) and sweating and contemplating ( Aren't I always ? ) and writing letters ( How many hands do I have ?! ) . 
I've had fun . I've had enough . I've had it up to here . I've had to much to drink ( Water ) . I've had sweat on me all day . I've had just enough sun . I've had many conversations . I've had many houses . I've had this song in my head all day . I've had (______) i 
If I were a fool , if I had no sense , if I were brave . You would know . ( It makes sense from my perspective , but if you aren't me you probably won't understand it . hahahahaha ) 
On a moonless night the stars come out to play and so do I . 
The dance is twisting and looping and quick . It is full surprising turns and steps and in some cases ..... In some special cases , the dance is created at random by the those that dance it . 
Lives in his head . 
Lives on a planet that spins around a < PROPFEMALE > that clings to the far reaches of a galaxy which is plummeting away from the center of the universe . 
Just wrote and then erased four different status messages . His mind is frazzled , his thought bank is full and his pulse is racing . He can't wait , it seems to long . He wants time to stop , for it doesn't seem long enough . Also , he likes talking in the third 
When did I get this scar ? I don't remember something bad enough to cause it happening in my past . It appears to be a burn , but might also be an old scar that was stitched . Any ideas ? 
Needs to go but on his squirrel face before it's to late . 
is wearing a shirt that is to small for him and thinks it's hilarious . He feels like if he moves to much it will rip . 
Is very shiny due to trying to run up the side of a tree ( He was some what successful , but more practice is necessary ) . I've still yet live up to my super hero name * Strikes heroic stance * The Swedish Squirrel ! 
The wind sweeps me up into an embrace with the sun . The trees catch me when I fall . The ground rises to meet me as I step from their boughs . The sand swallows me up into a dark abyss where time stands still and blind things live . The river carries me to t 
Oh yes , I am weird . I am weird sometimes what I say makes no sense . But my weirdness is what makes me who I am and I wouldn't trade it for anything . 
wants to go hiking very badly . Maybe for a few days . Preferably on a very long trail . 
always , ALWAYS , wakes up this pretty . 
Little Iki ran up a tree to try to reach the top . Up two steps he got when he experienced a severe drop . Little Ikirak limped away in pain and amusement . For he had no < PROPMALE > of reaching the top , and he didn't know he would land on a rock . Also , I landed 
Yesterday I went bowling for two hours , played pool for another two , then we went to Mcdonalds for an Ice cream , it was midnight . Saddly , their ice cream machine was off for maintenance . We did , however , have a hilarious conversation with the two dudes on 
I can has bonfire ? 
Had much fun with the fire last night . He also made an awesome tree swing yesterday . 
Knows not what it is that confuses him , only that he is confused . 
Almost fell asleep outside on his brooding stoop . Which is kind of hilarious . 
I always think it's weird that people actually study in real life . It's just really strange to me cause I've never studied before . 
is really hungry and bored . 
I walked 4 < PROPMALE > today . 4 gallons of sweat poured from my pores . I climbed 4 trees . I wrote 4 pages . I woke up at 6:04 A.M. and I have four main thoughts repeating themselves over and over again in my brain meats . 
I can't wait for the winter here . I'll be walking around in shorts and T-shirts and sandals and most likely people will look at me like I'm crazy .... So it won't be very different from winter everywhere else . 
is shirtless , shoe-less , chewing a toothpick , listening to < PROPMALE > Croce and browsing Facebook ...... Weeeeell ...... time to go greet the sun . 
thinks that he almost died today at 4 A.M. He isn't even joking . It was one of the most terrifying experiences of his life . And kind of hilarious .... sort of . 
Feels the grass beneath his feet , the dirt between his toes , the wind on his face and the sun on his back .... or as least he should because he should be outside greeting the sun . Way to procrastinate Iki . 
Just walked 3 < PROPMALE > and is about to go walk another 3 . Why ? Because he can , because he can . It is 99 degrees Fahrenheit . I am wearing jeans , a T-shirt and a hoodie ( One of those shirt ones , not one of the sweater ones . ) . No , I'm not crazy ..... I'm not that 
Had a dream about hiking and solving a hilariously ridiculous problem . Also , I expect today to be full of letter writing , running , tree climbing and music listening . 
Has had a very weird day .... 
is being begged by his little sister to help the rebellion because she is beating them up so bad .... Aaah video games , how odd you sound on paper .... or in text .... whichever . 
Is totally winning this contest . 
Didn't know he liked so many coldplay songs until about 40 seconds ago . 
Just woke up . Bad Iki ! No No ! You still have to go on a run ! Ugh .... 
When all is cold dust I'll be sitting on this rock , laughing . 
Has to much time on his hands . 
' s Social Experiment . If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , either good or bad . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your status and you'll be surprised with what pe 
Is slightly hyper , very tired and definitely happy . 
I wish I may , I wish I might , have this wish I wish tonight . 
is awake if for no other reason then because he had a dream . 
My heel is killing me , my leg is aching , I'm tired and I'm utterly and completely happy . 
is in a basement , in a house , in Chicago . 5 other people are in here talking about sleeping arrangements . I am freezing . 
is apparently very resistant to insect bites . The fire ant bite he got a week ago only hurt for an hour and he didn't do anything to it . And apparently he has gotten chiggars a few times and just thought they were an allergic reaction to something because 
So ... I'm told ... as the story goes . My hands are covered in < PROPFEMALE > thorn cuts and everything is wonderful . 
Was just outside rolling around in the grass .... 
I'm learning Skillz ! I'm learning Skillz ! 
Is listening to the superman theme song ! Also , he feels extra hairy today . 
Smelled like a gorilla that had eaten to many onions until ten minutes ago . Yay Bathing ! 
Wants you to know that he is very happy that you are reading this . 
There is a big difference between wanting pudding , and having pudding . 
Today , I did something for the first time in my life .... I got my hair cut at a barber . It's now very short ( Compared to how it usually is ) again .... I kind of miss my floppy girly hair . 
Is sorely disappointed at his inabillity but hopeful for next week ! And guess what ? I'm totally not telling you ( Well .... maybe YOU ) what I'm talking about ! 
I think I finally know where I'm moving !!! 
know's facebook chat is ridiculous and uses it anyway . 
I'm sitting in a basement , shirtless , shoe less and brainless ( Apparently ) and I'm freezing . And I'm hungry . And I'm bored . And why are you just staring at me like that ?! I want toast , with butter and raspberry preserves . 
hears the wind whispering . Feels the ground heaving with the heart beat that is the Earths core . And knows that all is well . But he feels something coming . Something that rings of danger and change . And he senses the large beast looming over the next rise of time . 
The Earth turns , the sun shines , trees grow , flowers bloom and I beam at the sight of the fabric bending around me . 
This is a landslide , this thing coming towards me . I am a tree rooted to the ground as this mound of Earth tumbles jovially down the hill bringing my doom with it . 
Who could have seen , who could have known , who could have predicted this predicament we are in ? Who ? Anyone . Everyone did . Did not you hear them ? Hear them trumpeting the coming devastation ? Yes , we all saw it coming down the road carrying with it all evil meaning and portent . We all saw and did nothing as it's vile , gruesome , grinning face loomed over the ridge . And now it is to late to stop ... the pudding shortage . 
Feel the world pulse beneath your feet , it is like the murmuring of thousands of voices , the beating of hundreds of hooves on hard packed earth , the flapping of a thousand wings , the < PROPFEMALE > of an old voice calling from a great depth . It is like a song that cannot be heard , only felt . In the soles of your feet and the back of your mind . 
Careening off the < PROPMALE > I breath my last breath , I see my last sight , I feel my last emotion . And I hear a voice , telling me to turn . And i realise it is my own . And I realise that I can't turn . And I slip over the edge of the < PROPMALE > and soar over the canyon and fall into the abyss . 
The ant followed the cheese with it's eyes as the cheese fell to the ground . It knew what it had to do and so set forth on it's perilous journey across the water fountain lake . It faced many dangers ahead , but it was prepared to stare them all down for it's < PROPFEMALE > . 
Eyes staring blankly at the screen before me , hands mindlessly moving over the board of keys , heart racing for an unknown reason I write this at 1 am while music floats through my head and occupies my attention . It is at this moment when I am at my strangest , when my weird beast wakes and wanders the streets of my weird little brain town where my weird little brain people sleep and suburban plains makes me dance . 
Totally has a psychic link . 
thinks that no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
My fingers tingle with the inspiration of the moment . My heart pounds , for I know that I am close . The time has almost arrived , the last < PROPFEMALE > is almost writ . At long last , this story I have kept locked in my mind like a prisoner will be set free . 
KNOWS that you can hear him . And he knows that right now you are looking at the clock . 
The wind is whipping away my words before I decide to say them . I have to many thoughts in my head , and not enough words to express them . I have a need . I have a yearning . I have a burning < PROPFEMALE > to say , that I know where I am , but not where I'm going and I know what I am , but not what I'll be . But I'm really excited to see . 
Does anyone know where < PROPMALE > is ? 
The future seems a little brighter today , the path a little clearer , the skies a little sunnier . Music sounds sweeter , food tastes musical , work feels effortless . My hope has been lifted by the adding of a little more air to my balloon and from up here everything looks clear . 
No one should be frozen in carbonite , or be slowly digested for a thousand years in the bowels of a sarlaac , just because they couldn't pay Jabba the Hutt what they owe him . If you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Knows that the world isn't what it seems , and that there is more to see then is seen . But he also knows that he's not going to let it bother him if he can't quite see it all . 
Uuuuuuuuuuuurrrrrrhhhhhhhhgg . Raaaaaaaahg ! RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR ! I think I might be going to bed . 
My throat hurts from yelling at stuff ..... 
Knows that this is cliche and that this has been said before and that sometimes it seems stupid . But he just needs to say , you have some food on your < PROPFEMALE > . 
You try so hard to reach the horizon , but does it ever occur to you that you are standing on someone else's horizon ? Instead of spending your life in a futile attempt to reach the horizon , find the horizon that's already all around you . 
I've been listening to the song over and over again . I better be able to get this . 
song his throat raw . It's fun . 
Yes ! My voice isn't gone today ! I can still talk ! And it doesn't hurt ! 
Oh timing , how you pwn me ! I'll remember for next time we talk Ally Kempf . I'll remember . 
Life is amazing . It really is . I just hope I will always feel this way . 
Dressed in drag today ..... I think that's all I really have to say . 
just discovered that he likes Ska . Oh , and that he likes spinning a bouncy ball just to watch the transference of energy in motion . 
I am not random , I'm just ..... OMG ! A dinosaur ! 
It's strange when you know a stranger has been through your stuff . 
The wind knows not the worries of those bound to this Earth . It has no fear , no anguish , no guilt , no pain . It goes where it wants when it wants . Nothing bothers it . It has no trials , nor tribulations . It knows not happiness or triumph or joy or friendship . It knows not what love is , or what it means to have some one who will always be there for you . It doesn't even know that it doesn't know . I do not envy the wind . 
Sometimes I wonder what it would be like to be a storm Sometimes I wonder what happens to the dreams that are left behind . Are they recycled ? Sometimes I wonder what would happen if I just slept all day . Sometimes I wonder at the vastness that is the night sky on a clear night . My breath is stolen from my chest by that vastness . Sometimes I wonder if I wonder too much ..... 
what happens when two electrons cross paths in superstring universe ? 
They get EN-tangled ! Hahahahahahahahahaha 
Has a feeling that he is missing something very important happening right this moment . Something he should notice . Something that is probably very obvious . 
Has finally decided to memorize people's < PROPFIRST > instead of just writing them down . He has no idea why he has never tried this before . It's really easy . 
Today .... I downloaded five different pokemon themes . I regret nothing . 
Is physically preparing for a busy day full of the unloading of moving trucks and cleaning and unpacking . But mentally , he is hundreds of < PROPMALE > away . 
Is hungry . 
I know not this world of limitations of which you speak , for my mind moves beyond all limitations even when my body cannot . 
Doesn't understand when he became a night owl , only that he stays up until 2 am + every morning . 
will be 
looks like a crazy person . 
is still up , even though he is trying to reset his sleep schedule . He had originally planned to go to sleep at 10 .... Oh well , plans never work anyway . What is life without the excitement of never knowing for sure what is going to happen ? What is a plan , without the enjoyment of having to think on your toes when it all starts falling down ? Happy tomorrow , my friends . Say hello to the light of a new day . 
Wishes to be Omnipotent . And if that's not possible , wishes for a microwave with which to heat his food stuffs . 
is contemplating the future of his stomach . 
Stayed up until 4 AM watching < PROPFEMALE > wars movies . 
Is a monster , a writing beast . And I am having tons of fun with NaNoWriMo . =D 
ROAAAAAAAARRR ! 
Hit 10K words ! He's 20% there ! 
has today found out that he can create curry from nothing .... Well , not nothing . Obviously he had seasonings and water and milk and cornstarch ..... And rice and carrots and peas and broccoli . But , it is a rather spare assortment of parts and he's never made curry before so he was quite proud when it came out tasting not bad . Not bad at all . 
Some how went from being tired , to being completely awake , to being tired and then to working out . Everything seems to lead to working out for him . 
Has to start getting ready for bed . Isn't that hilarious ? 
is disappearing from the internet for mysterious reasons . His return will be swift-ish . 
Is living in a world of weirdness that arises from the lack of weirdness . Weirdness begets weirdness begets weirdless-ness . 
is still 600 < PROPMALE > away . 
I expect company today .... I should probably clean the mess I made last night making Veggie burritos .... 
Patients . It is all that I need at this moment in time ( A rather long one , might I add ) . Patients and frozen yohgurt . 
Has two be-bandaided fingers , still has a cut on the sole of his right foot and knows that all three injuries are his fault . 
Can't see the future and can't hear time rushing by . His eyes are closed as he drifts in the current . But his mind longs to wander through the stream , to swim against the pull . His heart beats it's steady rhythm , and keeps him in his place . Still his mind strains to move , and his arms reach for the sky . He is drowning in time , and falling towards the center of the Earth . 
P.S. NOT EMO . It's a physics thing . 
Is a pre-written language < PROPFEMALE > word processor . 
My hand is twitching . My brain is taunt . My eyes are tired . My cards still sit on the table ( Figuratively and literally I think . Or maybe not . I think I'm trying to hard to sound cryptic ) . I think I'm going back to bed . 
wishes the lights would stop going out , because he's having trouble seeing . His arms are reaching forward , he is looking for the switch . He bumps into something else . It is dark and formless , as are all things that exist in the absence of light . It takes his arms , and leads him onward towards an unseen future . He doesn't mind . 
=D I have something back up on my wall that's been in storage for months . 
Sleep begets burritos . 
Sleeping on the couch , sleeping on the couch ! I'ma sleepin ' on the couch ! 
is inexplicably tired once more . His brain feels heavy , and his thoughts feel sluggish . 
Gah ! Pain ! 
I guess you know it's working when it hurts to move your arms . 
Is planning a Curry filled thanksgiving . This time , he has moneys with which to buy ingredients and he's making cake and he's much more excited about this then he should be . 
While at the grocery store , I was told by a small child that I looked like Spider-Man . I don't think I've ever felt more flattered . 
With a full stomach and a buzzing mind , I prepare myself for sleep . 
My shoulders don't hurt ! My shoulders don't hurt ! Muahahaha ! You will be pwned on this day , work-out ! 
finds life to be confusing , terrifying and oh so wonderful . 
Looks like a cockatoo and feels like a dreamer . He is also hungry . Which is weird . 
...... I really don't understand how exactly my mind works . Or how it comes to these crazy conclusions . 
just realized that he is vain . 
Really confuses himself , and not in a good way . In a confusing way . 
I was hoping the three ' rittos I ate last night would give my body the necesary Carbohydrates and proteins to repair the tears in my muscles , but I awoke today to find that I'm still covered in aches and pains . Lame Burritos . Really lame . Not doing your job , I made you healthy for a reason ! 
This , this is the very first Stati written from my new computer . 
Is using his computer and there are no wires coming out of it ! 
I don't know , I can never know , I can think and I can postulate and I can theorize . But I can never know , and I think I'm ok with that . 
How long was he sitting there , it was light when he closed his eyes . He didn't fall asleep . He didn't fall to Earth . He didn't rise out of himself . He was somewhere in between . How long was he sitting there in his mind , listening to his heart beat out a slow rhythm and to the sound his mind was making ? 
No no no no ! Don't do that ! Pleeeease ?! It wasn't THAT bad , was it ? 
Listening to the sounds of the past , hearing the whispers of truth , knowing the best is yet to come and the worst is far behind . Oh how our minds play tricks on our souls , oh how our knowledge is less then we think . For you can only know so much , before you realize that you can know nothing except for what is in your heart and close to your soul . 
Associations . I have so many . I think I'll make a video about them . :D 
3131 3131 3131 3131 3131 What do you want 3131 ?! Why are you stalking me today ? 
I try to tell you , I try to explain . But you just say that I am insane . 
Is anyone else weirded out by my odd stati ? 
It's beating it's rhythm on the walls of my chest , it's trying to escape . To find it's rightful owner , the one to which it belongs . 
Playing until there are dents in the dents on the tips of my fingers . 
Is in his living room , watching the incredibles . 
Just watched a movie that was playing 600 < PROPMALE > away . 
It's spinning towards the edge , it's going to fall . It's out of control , nothing can save it . My half dollar , spinning on my table . Oh what did I do to you ? What terrible fate have I assigned you ? 
I know you are reading this . 
It's 2 PM and I'm still in my PJs sporting bed head . That's not to say I haven't done anything today , I've done lots of things . It's just that the order that I usually do things got all messed up . It's usually ; Yoga , Work out , shower , breakfast and then guitar . But today it was ; Guitar for hours , yoga , work out and I still haven't eaten because I have to shower before I eat , other wise I fall apart . 
He knows only that he will never know why . He breaths and the air fills his heart . He is so tired that he only sees what is in his mind . He is inexplicably happy . He is living . He is smiling . He is . And he is happy to remain that way . 
Long sleeves pulling on my arm hairs , driving me crazier . 
is a house elf . 
is wondering how he could possibly create a cohesive book out of all the weird stories he has accumulated over the relatively short span of his life . 
Is kind of weirded out that he isn't cold considering what it is he just did . 
To live in a dream and to awake to a world that is so much better . That is why I sleep . 
Some songs you can't just listen to , because they grab you by the ears and drag you into the depths or your mind . 
There is a kitten sleeping on my knees . 
I just feel so creepy . I think it suits me . 
Dinosaur/ Sasquatch noise making day , it is ..... I guess . I mean , every day is dinosaur noise making day but this one is special . 
I think I've almost perfected my Veggie loaf ! It's in the oven now and it smells so very good . 
My veggie loaf still needs a little work . The flavor was right , but it was a bit dry . 
Is , apparently , The Doctor . 
Crepes . I'm making crepes . Mmmmm 
Cooking cooking cooking cooking cooking . Also , I'm cooking . 
What's on my mind you ask , Facebook ? Oh so much . 
My eye is twitching , it's been twitching all day . 
Time is creeping up on me . But now it's time to dream , a wish I'll make as my eyes are closing and maybe tomorrow it will come true . 
Terrible , terrible night . I feel like a zombie . 
yoIfetugisthssmeeIagvelouoy Groups of four . 
Roses are red , violets are blue , in Soviet Russia Poem write you . 
Hates when he has a brilliant idea and then finds out that someone already had said brilliant idea . 
Sang \All My Loving\ " to a complete stranger 20 minutes ago . " 
I know just enough to know that I know nothing . 
Has stayed up so much later then he had originally planned . But he is less ... drifty . So it's all good . 
Is going crazier and regretting finding the world . 
Accidentally played guitar for an hour and a half when he tried to go to bed .... O_o 
Is stealing internets from the libraries . 
Is stealing internets from hisself . :o 
That walk was oh so cold , but oh so rewarding . 
< PROPFIRST > Buble's version of the Spider-Man theme may just be my new favorite thing . 
Who else is doing p4a at the moment ? 
Is anyone else still doing p4a at the moment ? 
Still . Up . 
is rushing around 
is making cookies 
is now Walby the house elf . 
Forgot to go to bed . 
Played guitar until his fingers were bruised and he gently weeped from the pain . Hahahaha 
is a fine feathered friend , for < PROPMALE > feels free . Feet flail , fingers fumble frets . < PROPMALE > forgets finding forgotten films , finally falling fast for fate . 
is up at 6:30 and is amused by this . 
is pretty sure he has a brain tumor or something .... Prolly not though . 
It's a blind fold , kick back , type of game called the kansas city shuffle . Where as you look left , they fall left into the Kansas city shuffle . It's a they think , you think , you don't know type of Kansas city hustle . 
Is wearing a shirt for the first time . He's owned it for over a year . 
My knee hurts so very badly . 
Is about to try Jalapeño Cheetos it is kind of terrified . 
Oh come on ! I make my Ramen spicier then that for Muffin's sake ! 
everything is achy today . Graaaaa . 
Gah ! He accidentally stayed up too late and now .... Gah ! Anyone else going to be up until four ? Wanna swap war stories ? 
I just remembered probably my favorite winter memory . OMG , so great ! See , one year me and my family moved during the winter months and ended up in this hotel during a blizzard . The morning after , me and my sisters went outside and built about 40-50 < PROPFEMALE > snow men . We then pretended to be Dinosaurs ( In my little kid brain I WAS a dinosaur ... Not much has changed since then . ) and crushed all of them . 
Just broke E-minor .... Grah ! 
Is sploding , Kthnxbai . 
is no longer talking to his other personality . That dude is messed up . Seriously . 
Didn't realize until AFTER he broke a string how much he loves playing the guitar . He keeps mournfully plucking the remaining strings and has now resorted to playing his old harmonica in a sorrowful fashion . 
My lips are numb and chapped and I think I taste blood . 
Wonderful . Sad , but ... wonderful . 
Spinning fictitiously through the prickly winter air , the screaming < PROPFEMALE > delivers the all powerful punch to my confused cerebellum . 
is tired and dreaming of sleeping . Wishing for that unattainable thing . For fire freezes forever . Stuck , simmering slowly . Inching itself inward , investigating it's interior . Behold , bountiful bellows breath ! Life leaps , lending light . For fire finds fair fields , far flung flowers flitting forever forward , forever faster , forever free . 
* Inarticulate mumbling accompanied by vague gesticulation * 
Ahg ! SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP !!!! Some times the voices in my head get a little too rowdy . 
Hrmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Also , I am cold . Some of you know why this is a ridiculous thing for me to say . 
I can't stop snapping my fingers . At least , I like to think I can't . 
is silently making frustrated gestures and restraining himself from banging his head against a wall . 
Listening to his heart scream a rhythm in his head . 
Sometimes I wonder why , but I usually don't . 
\Linear equations with n unknowns can be solved by evaluating the ratio of two determinants for each unknown . \"" 
aaaooooouuuu . I have a head ache . But not a normal head ache , my heart has relocated itself to just behind my right ear and is now trying to punch through my ear drum so it can get some fresh air . 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who ... gets it and follows the instructions 
What is it with me and kicking things ? It's a little ridiculous . 
Has too much to be excited about . It's unnerving . 
I . Just . Don't . Get . It . Or rather , them . They are just so confusing to me . 
Zoksz slgvo slgvo slgvo slgvo ! Dsrhpvb slgvo zoksz gzmtl hrviiz slgvo zoksz kzkz kzkz vxsl mlevnyvi tlou ?! 
Head phones are so weird and wonderful . They create a bubble of sound . Sound that is just for you . They let you < PROPFEMALE > a secret soundtrack where ever you go . They let you sink into the song , all else forgotten or set aside . They close out the noise when it gets too loud and bring a quiet that is deeper then sound . And they do all this while making you look like an angst-y teenager . 
What is that thing called when you setup this giant domino effect thing through your house using strange and elaborate items ( Like a pendulum moving one of those drinking birds and said drinking bird knocking over a tennis racket and so on and so forth ad nauseum) ? 
Has just discovered life in his brain . 
Dsb rh nb yizrm-hvou hl rmgilhkvxgrev ? Rg xzm yv izgsvi zmmlbrmt . Zohl , R ivzoob orpv dirgrmt rm iveihv zokszyvg . 
Is wondering why his arm hair looks darker today 
Sitting in ones closet with the lights off is very therapeutic . I really like the dark . 
What's up ? 
What does IDK mean ? 
Is still really weirded out by his arms . 
Is being all stretchy and stuff . 
Needs a catch phrase 
Why ?! Why must I be sick ?... Oh well . Off to clean , I am . 
Just realized that was an insult . And it was hilarious . 
Some guy walked up to me with a dollar < PROPMALE > and asked if it was mine , I told him it wasn't . He said okay and walked away . I sat down and started crying . And that was the day I became a mischievious badger . 
The square route of one and the square route of 3136 minus x squared is ... ( Where x to the power of 3 minus 34 equals 30 ) I'll give money to whomever figures out what I mean . 
Has a bum knee , a dented nose and scruffy face hair . He very well could be homeless . 
* Vague statement about life and/or death and/or the meaning of life/death and/or anecdotal , non-comital advice about life/death followed by a joke that voids what I just said * 
Yay ! My fingers hurt again ! ( No , not sarcasm . At all , literally yay . Also , Yay ! for five strings ) 
Today , Ikirak burned his hand .... With boiling hot ramen noodles . He is typing all this with one hand while the burnt rests in bowl of ice water . 
Is in love with the A Major7 chord 
My right hand is covered in dead skin that I can not remove without great pain . Yeah .... Definitely never going to make this mistake again ..... At least , probably not . 
I have a problemnopqrstuvwxyz . Can you tell what it istuvwxyz ? 
My fingers hurt and my brain is sore . But it's a good thing 
Hahahahahahahahahaha ............ AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Trust me , it's hilarious . 
Is now the owner of an iPod . I know , weird . 
Feels the snow between his toes and it is oh so cold 
Is up at four in the morning for very mysterious reasons . OooOOooOoOOo MySterIOus !!!!! 
Is at a secret , as yet undisclosed location . 
thinks Ally Kempf is the most gorgeous creature to grace his prescence . 
I think there is something in the water here . 
Also , we need to figure out what to do in the 6 hours before I leave . 
What am I doing ? 
I'm covering my tracks . 
Is back . Back in Chicago . 
Right now hundreds of billions of < PROPFEMALE > neurons are firing , my heart is beating at 60 BPM , the muscles and tendons in my arms and hands are contracting and loosening so that I may type and my stomach is digesting my dinner . And uncountable < PROPFIRST > of particles are spinning and giving me mass ..... I should really not think about these things this close to bed . Now I'll never get to sleep . 
You are all a figment of my imagination ! Now bring me a hover board ! 
Is setting out on a journey to see how long he can go without food . Lets see how this goes .... 15 hours since last food intake . 
Would like to appoligize in advance to anyone who will suffer through my spelling . I have a feeling it will begin deterriating the further into this fast I get . 
Forgot to mention yesterday that for the first time in 5-6 years , an earing was placed inside his ear lobe . There was blood . 
ABCDEFGJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZABCDEFGJKLMNOPQRUVWXYZABCDEFGHJKLMNOPQRTUVWXYZBCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZBCDFHIJKLNOPQRTUVWXYZ 
is a fan of eating spicy food and breathing air . 
Put too much Cayenne pepper in his couscous and while his mouth was on fire , he thought ; \I could really go for some Flamin ' Cheetos right about now \"" 
Had a hilarious time on Omegle . 
Four minutes in extremely low horse stance .... I can't walk and I'm shaking .... Hahahaha 
Just spent about thirty minutes composing a message to a local news station . This is going to be good * Cracks knuckles * 
5 . 5 . 5 . 5 . 5.55555555555 . 5.55.5.5.5.5.5.5.5.5.5 Bloody 5 . Excuse me while I puke through this giant grin of mine . 
hates writing status updates that he likes but can't post , it feels like such a waste . 
Has taken up the habit of knitting as he watches Battlestar Galactica . 
I found underwear ontop of my T-shirts and I laughed ... I don't know why I laughed . 
Has spent to long dreaming of being a superhero and so now , his body is taking the toll . But he's grinning . He's grinning while is abdomen screams . He's grinning as his arms shake under the strain . And he's laughing . He's laughing as he can no longer walk . So I guess it's all good . 
Has a brain full of thoughts and wonderful ideas and crazy schemes and scary worlds . Dancing monkeys , cracking ice , falling destinies and a verb followed by a noun . But he can't remember where he put it , so he's stuck with the one he has now . 
Finger tips hurt . So much . 
is a mass of incandescent gas . 
There's a fire in my brain , it smolders in the empty spaces between my thoughts . It's turning me to ash and eating away at my word < PROPFIRST > ... voc .... voci ?.... umm ... the words that I know . 
is sad that his new kite can't be flown near airports . 
A potato is with it ! 
So , I have this baby chicken named < PROPMALE > now .... 
Fingers hurt . Mind Melting . So . Much . Fuuuuun . 
Too much thinking ... Night ! 
Okay , so < PROPMALE > the chicken is now Rupee the chicken . 
The air is too cold , it's cutting my lungs to ribbons as I drag it kicking and screaming over my gums and through my throat . 
Is something of a diabolical genius when it comes to spamming people's Facebooks . 
is in a McDonalds and will be here for about five hours .... Just ... Don't ask . 
Putting out the candles with palm strikes , Hallelujah is now stuck in my head . 
Has a tie . I can't believe this is the first one I bought since my Dinosaur one . 
Has two rats on his shoulders . They tickle . So much . 
Sometimes , a man just needs to punch himself in the face . 
All experience will make you grow , the good , the bad , the cringe inducing and the moments of awakening . Whether that growth is crooked and stunted or healthy and beautiful is up to you . At least , in theory . 
This is a hairs breadth and a split second . It is a moment , a beat in the heart of time . It is the tick of the clock and the blink of an eye . It is the space between a breath and the place beneath the fall of the pin . And it is precious . You will never see it again , it is here only once and then it is gone forever on the back of the wind of time . I feel my every moment and I wonder at it's beauty . 
So me and my Italian Dad walk into this Mexican store and my dad starts speaking Spanish to the Asian Cashier and he's just like \WTF ? \ " . This was even funnier because moments before the car door had slammed into my head . " 
Has anyone seen my dignity ? I seem to have misplaced it ... 
' s mom told him he looked \Jesus-y\ " today . " 
Because it is easter , only one other student attended today's class .... Uuuuuh . So . Much . Pain ..... At least I've learned the first form in only 4 days ! =D ..... D= My legs ! 
Tore a ligament in his right thigh and ripped a muscle in his left ..... Yay Kung fu class ! :D 
\I've got machine guns .... in my butt ?! \ " That's gotta be one of the worst out of context quotes ever . " 
is the itch in the back of his own ear . 
Got giggled at by two college guys while riding the ' L in his bright orange Shaolin Monk uniform . 
And I was all like \Whaaaa ...? \ " and then he was all like \ " Shutup ! \ " and punched me . That's the last time I wear a hat in Walmart ..... " 
I have seen the face of the world and it scared the crap out of me . 
Has a very sore throat to thank for the past three days he hasn't gone to the < PROPFEMALE > . Hahahaha 
Is downloading 140 hours of Chopin from two cds . This is ridiculous , but must be done . 
When I die , I want my tombstone to read : Here lies Ikirak Saviano , no one believed his theories about time travel . 1991-1391 
Never really knows what he is going to do until he is already doing it . 
thinks that \The road to reality : a complete guide to the laws of the universe\ " was a very good purchase and is thoroughly enjoying reading it . All 1000 pages of it .... It's bigger then an f-ing < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > book ! " 
is a dumbed down version of the voice inside his head . 
has an awful lot of running to do .... ooooooOOOOOOoooooOOOOOO 
Spends about 3 hours ( Usually 4 ) a day at the Shaolin < PROPFEMALE > . He should probably just get a cot there . 
150 . The number of times I was kicked today . 1 half gallon . The amount of water I drank when I got home . 12 . The number of hours I plan on sleeping tonight . 
May the fourth be with us all . 
Found out yesterday ( Through a series of events involving a monk and punching ) , that his elbow can't lock in place so that his arm ( From the knuckles to the shoulder ) makes a straight line . He isn't sure how he didn't notice this before .... 
When I was testing out Ubuntu ( the newest version of Jaunty ) , I accidentally ( Quasi-on-purpose ) reformatted my drives and installed it over Vista . Which means I need to download all my files from their backup point . On the plus side , I'm really liking Ubuntu . 
Also , I have a new ( Old ) cell phone and my number is now : 773-63 0-0 667 
Please put this on your status if you know\ 
or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by\ 
the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire\ 
is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring\ 
peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent\ 
civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status\ 
for at least one hour ? 
Sooo .... I broke my pinky toe in Kung fu today . BUT I think when Sifu stepped on it , he reset it so it's not that bad . Also , I broke my toe at the begining of class and then kept training . Just saying , prolly not a good move . 
My toe is less broken today , so I should be able to go to Kung Fu tomorrow .... Unless it gets dramatically worse in the morning . 
Is drifting on Theta waves , searching for new dreams and waiting for tomorrow . 
Just slammed his broken toe into a jug of water . It is a rare pain that will bring tears to my eyes . 
Oh the things I do for man-points . 
Boomarang arms ! One of the monks pointed out that my elbows don't lock , which causes my arms to always be bowed inwards and since he did , I can't stop trying to see if I can bend them straight . 
How come whenever I miss some of my kung fu classes , I get sick ? 
I haven't been this sick in a while ... 
Is still sore from saturday 
Has a swollen left foot ( From accidentally kicking the elbow of one of my Sifus .... twice ) a broken pinky toe on his right foot ( It's almost healed ) and bruised forearms ..... Tomorrow's classes are going to be fun ! :D 
\He was the harbinger of doom and the savior and the light and the dark and his sacrifice was greater then mere death . \"" 
Had a very strange day . First this skater guy wanted to take a picture with me ( I was in full Shaolin Regalia walking to class ) , then I had a bunch of random people almost falling out of their cars as the sped past shouting and yelling at me ( I was wearing orange , apparently that is a teams color or something ) and then I had an egg roll . 
What is it about a bright orange uniform that makes crazy people on the ' L want to talk to you ? 
I didn't realize how tired I got after Kung fu until I spent a night NOT doing kung fu . I feel like I can stay up forever . Also , yay for scaring hooligans on the train ! Also , the Karate kid wasn't bad .... I could totally kick Jaden Smith's butt though ..... Mostly because he's twelve . 
I have four potentiometers and a battery , but no way to connect them and no materials to build the electromagnet . .... BUT I also have an awesome laser pointer ! So at least that part is solid . 
can't sleep . Knee hurts . So much . 
has an iPod touch ....? 
has arrived safely in < PROPMALE > . This means you grandma 
Spent pretty much the entire day playing video games with his little sister ( And by Playing video games he means slaughtering innocent villagers in Fable two and killing the Locust horde in gears of war ) . 
Is running his old computer non stop in the hopes that all the system errors will result in a self aware machine . 
I'm on a boat ! 
Too scared to sleep ... 
I am a dinosaur . Fact . 
Someone stole my bike . @#%# ! From right in front of the < PROPFEMALE > , too . 
crashed his bike . And by crashed , I mean he flew over his handle bars while pulling on his brakes to avoid getting hit by the F**k-head driving the landscaping truck . His arm better be kung-fu ready by tonight or he is going to be pissed . 
Why am I up ? I should be tired . I should want to sleep . It doesn't feel like the time that it is . But I do feel a little .... crazier . Which is always a sign I've stayed up to late ( Or that I didn't get enough exercise ) . It almost feels like I'm being kept up . every once in a while , a wave of sleepiness will drench me in yawns , but when I move towards sleep , something pulls me back . bah . 
Sometimes I wonder \What if I was smarter ? What if I was stronger ? What if life was easier ? What if I just believed enough ? What if everything was perfect ? \ " but then I punch myself in the stomach and start living again . #Man -points ! " 
Can't . Sleep . * Zombie walk * 
Raaaaaagh !.... Well , I guess that means it's time to workout . 
I couldn't sleep ... So , I took up online poker . I've already taken someone for all they're worth .... which was 5 dollars 
I haven't had this level of insomnia in quite a while .... 
Have you ever been so out of it that you find yourself writing what you're thinking ? My eyes itch . 
just might sleep tonight . :D Gotta go do handstand pushups until my arms give out ... D: 
I just discovered a fault in my sleep plan . Although my body is increasingly tired , my brain is firing at full speed due to the increased blood flow . 
I fear insomnia has begun to grow on me . Much like an annoying , ignorant , narcissistic but good hearted workout < PROPMALE > , I have gotten much more exercise since starting upon my journey to rid my life of it . Side note : I am so f-ing awake right now . 
Just finished watching The Cove and now has to try and sleep . Which is going to be fun because now my brain is writhing in a mess of philosophical quandaries dealing with ..... Fuck . Just ... Fuck . 
is still awake ...? 
I found myself wide awake staring into the dark at 5 AM . I had been lying in bed for an hour without any hint of sleep . So , I went for a run . First off , I felt like I was in a bad sports movie ( In which I play the hero who is haunted by [ insert tragedy ] and so can not sleep , so instead goes running to \clear his head \") . " 
just got back from a three hour walk . Still . Awake . 
Why couldn't I sleep last night ?! 
Why ?! Why can't I sleep . My brain is awake , yet I don't feel like doing anything . Nothing I can watch is appealing , none of my new books really fit the situation ( Although reading about superconductivity would make me seem hardcore at this hour , I would most likely remember nothing of what I read ) 
STILL cannot sleep . But at least I'm all zenned out from my weird meditating . It was ... trippy , to say the least . 
Ahh , the morning has arrived and destroyed any < PROPMALE > of sleeping with the sun behind the horizon . Now I must choose between staying up until a reasonable hour or sleeping in the middle of the day and ending up with that horrid Mid-Day-Sleep Feeling . 
Slept ! He slept and he woke up at a reasonable hour ! Does this mean a normal sleep cycle for our slightly too happy friend ? Tune in tomorrow to find out ! 
I have faith that I won't fall through my floor and so I stand . I have faith that everything I touch will avoid turning itself into miniature nuclear bomb and so I don't flinch when I pick up the remote . I have faith that the maid isn't trying to poison me ( Assuming I have a maid , which I may at some point . ) and so I drink heartily of the water she brings me . 
is attempting to only use his hand writing function in an attempt to rid his desk of a keyboard once and for all 
now knows that it is a very big mistake to attempt carrying 60 or more pounds of groceries the two thirds of a mile from the store to his house . Also , his forearms are currently in a state of permanent tension . It's very disturbing . 
I've started this new practice of using the remote control app on my iTouch to start music as soon as I have enough motor control to hold onto my iTouch in the morning . It seems pretty bitchin ' so far . 
In this world of electrons grouped into slightly\ 
more or less dense shapes , the personal interaction one can make with \ 
another living being is the only thing that can be deemed real . 
he closes his eyes but sleep won't come to him . His mind is too busy to sleep , his brain is on fire . While he tries to sleep , everything becomes too important . The future becomes too bright and closing his eyes only makes it worse . \ 
Maybe he'll just wait for the sun . 
Thoughts from the CVS parking lot : \Is this get run over by girls with glasses day or something ? \"" 
Eyes closed and breath slow , I imitate sleep . My heart beats it's rhythm into my lungs , I breath out and feel it slowing . But in an instant , it is racing . Pounding in my ears as my gut tightens . Fuck you neighbors and your fucking erratic light changing . 
While throwing tennis balls at my head , it occurred to me that this is not how normal people spend their time .... and then I got hit in the head by a tennis ball . 
is staring at the chess board , resisting the urge to develop MPD . 
is incredibly un-tired and will be playing guitar scales and doing speed exercises until he feels an inclination to lay in his bed and fall unconscious . 
What should have been a night of death like sleep turned into a night filled with terrible dreams and staring at my ceiling as my eyes burned for sleep . I would just like to say ; WTF ?! \ 
Also , ones leg muscles tend to be tight after hiking for about twenty < PROPMALE > ... Just saying . 
has a feeling he will be up most of the night practicing the violin ... 
To bed ? We shall see . If sleep over takes me as I lay still , I will speak no more . But ! If I stare at my walls as the sounds of the night creep into the silence , play upon my violin , I will . 
is some how too tired to fall asleep . 
I went to bed at around 9:30 and I woke up suddenly at 11 PM thinking utterly confused because it felt like at least 3 AM . 
As I sit here with my Iron man mask perched gently atop my head , I wonder if perhaps I have cracked . 
Gen : Did you know that a group of wild cats is sometimes called a \Destruction\ " ? \ 
When I looked at the clock and saw that it was 4 AM and I hadn't gone to sleep , I was surprised . When I looked at the clock and it was 5:30 , I could only rub my poor eyes . Now I can only wait for the sunrise . 
I think these orange pants give me strength . For I was tired and in pain , but when my legs became enshrouded in these neon orange pants , I was awake and spry . I'm pretty sure all the time I spent working out in the < PROPFEMALE > in said pants has imbued them with magical < PROPFIRST > properties . 
I just broke the G string on my acoustic . I guess my rocking out was too much for it . 
Mumford and Sons , my new favouritest band . 
I shall lie in bed . Perhaps I will sleep . Perhaps not . But I will dream regardless . 
Attention ! This is not a test ! BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP\ 
Also , < PROPFEMALE>'s laptop has exploded and she wanted me to inform everyone of the situation . Or , at least , that she won't be on Facebook for a while . 
My Pink Electrics neck is a little bit more narrow then my acoustic . Who would have thought a pink guitar would be made for smaller hands ? There is a plus to this , though . Practicing on a narrower neck forces me to have tighter finger control . To be honest though , my thick fingers tend to mute lots of strings . 
wonders what pre-historic man did when he woke up thirsty in the middle of the night .... 
thinks that he should be more tired then he is . Luckily , he got 4-5 hours of sleep before he could sleep no longer . 
Has been up all night doing an extreme Windows 7/ Ubuntu Lucid dual boot . Almost . Done . Still so many problems . Why must you hate Broadcom Wireless cards , Ubuntu ?! WHY ?! 
I've done so much computer orientated stuff since yesterday night that I've begun thinking in terms of \Sudo this and Sudo that\ " I've had to write down and copy and implement so many lines of code that I can recite some of them by heart now . " 
I'm probably moving to Cali really soon ( Think later this month/early next month ) so I'll most likely be very busy packing and freaking out and what have you . 
AHHHHH ! Well , THAT'S not going to work . For those of you who received notifications of me commenting on year old stati , this is going to seem a lot weirder . But I just couldn't do it . After the third failed attempt to reach that far down someones wall , I just couldn't bring myself to continue . 
There's nothing like a good brood to clear my head . 
Oh god , too much guitaring . The fingers on my left hand a bruised and dented and numb . 
As I sit here in my boxers , failing to sleep , I wonder if perhaps I have gone mad ... der . 
There is very little left for me to pack in my room . Which is good , because I'm leaving for California very soon .... I wonder , do must people feel nervous when they move ? Because I can't ever remember feeling nervous before a move . Why is this so easy ? 
So . Fucking . Tired . Also , has anyone seen an eyelash around here ? I misplaced mine . Oh , WAIT ! There it is ! It was on my eyelid the whole time ! 
Eyes burning . Sleep .... alluding ! Damn you ! Damn ...... You ..... 
Sleep , why do you have such a strong aversion to me ? I could hold you all night , but you'd rather we just stay acquaintances . Strangers who pass ever so briefly in the quiet of night . 
Dear neighbors , you are terrible dog owners . You have no idea how to train dogs , how to treat them and you appear to not really give a fuck . Your dogs spend all night barking . I hate you . \ 
Sincerely , your pissed off ( soon to be ex ) neighbor . 
So sore . So tired . Knees hurt . So much . Also , the moving truck got here today so we moved all the boxes into the truck and then moved everything out of the bus into the box's place . Oh , and I had to break into my own back door ( Which was surprisingly difficult ) before I could do any of this ( Long story ) . 
I plugged a router into another router to bypass the router issues my little sister has been having on her Atheros WiFi cards . WTF ?! 
I've been doing heavy lifting and running in and out of the house all day . Could someone explain why I am having trouble sleeping ? 
Is currently on the road heading towards Missouri and then on to Tulsa . This stati is brought to you at 65 MPH from interstate I-70 via Iki's father's giant laptop with mobile internet . 
Also , I moved . 
Scratch that . I'm at a super 8 now for the night . Near saint < PROPFIRST > . Should be California within a day or two . I don't think I've ever been in Oklahoma . Should be an experience . 
Guess who is awake ?! 
Is stopping in a hotel for an indeterminate time . 
Mobile interwebs . Lulz . 40 minutes outside Tulsa . This might be an all nighter . 
Sleep must happen . Also , I'm stopping for the night in Oklahoma city . 
My new address : 1046 Alpine heights RD Alpine California 91901 United States of < PROPFEMALE > , Earth , < PROPFIRST > , Milky Way . Also , it's really really nice here . 
It was chilly this morning , so I started a fire in my room . True story . 
Is thankful for the sun rising . Thankful for gravity . Thankful for the things that keep him . Thankful for the things that exist only in his head . Thankful for the wonderful smells and the warmth . Thankful for the cold and the damp and the dark , without which the dry and warm bed would be far less sweet . Thankful for all those who listen and all those that know when someone needs listening to . 
Is thankful for his ability to manage pain . 
So Tired . Must Sleep . 
It feels good to be sore and tired . MORE < PROPFIRST > !.... No , see , if I had more < PROPFIRST > , I'd be awake all night . I don't want that . So .... SAME LEVEL OF < PROPFIRST > ! 
Where am I going , you ask ? To a land of dreams and oddities that still cannot surpass my waking world . Especially since my waking world has been pretty fantastic as of late . 
The wee hours of the morn are filled with the dark that comes before the light . But everything seems pretty bright right now , so the sunrise will probably be pretty fantastic . 
Also , HOW IS IT THREE IN THE MORNING ?! It's all Q's fault . It's such a sneaky letter .... 
Is going on a road trip to Boston and New York .... ? Yes , yes he is . 
Punched a hole through the fabric of reality earlier today .... It was pretty boring , actually . 
Sliced the tip of his Big toe off while sprinting barefoot around his property . So , that sucks . 
DAMN YOU ALMONDS ! 
You know who you are . YOU !... Nine 
8 days 4 hours and 28 minutes 
.... SOMEONE HACKED MY FACEBOOK ! WHAT THE FUCK ! 
< 3 Days . LESS THAN THREE FUCKING DAYS ! 
He has said too much 
1 day . That's all . 
Time to clean like a maniac and let this day slip through my fingers . Because tomorrow ; I'M LEAVING ON A JET PLANE ! DON'T KNOW IF I'LL BE BACK AGAIN ! ( I changed the lyrics because I may die in a fiery car crash . Otherwise , I'll be back on the 3rd ) 
Is facebooking at forty thousand feet , bitches . 
Is in Cinci , chillin ' on < PROPFEMALE > Shaw's bed while she writes a psych paper only four feet away in that ^ general direction 
Hello internet . I am on the road . I AM ON THE ROAD WITH < PROPFEMALE > Shaw ! This is real life 
On the road once more with < PROPFEMALE > Shaw . Gotta love this mobile broadband . It's fucking useful as fuck . 
Hey , < PROPFEMALE > Shaw , you're phone is going to ring in a minute 
50 < PROPMALE > to Boston ! 
Some how made it to Boston and found his hotel room . It's a lot harder then it sounds ... 
Best . Christmas . Ever . 
hellol worlfd thios iksxx daniewlllledsa biiuhyg vtoew 
I'm dreaming of a white day-after-Christmas . Also , it's snowing quite a bit here 
Is staying at a really cute hotel with a really cute girl while a blizzard traps us . All in all , it's pretty great 
Is this real life ? 
You know what's fun ? Rolling around in the snow after spending an hour in a hot tub . The best part is when you realize that you're not THAT warm and you have to sprint to your hotel room where your Girlfriend is holding open the door and exclaiming your insanity . 
My Girlfriend makes weird noises in the shower . I can hear her going \Lala blah la\ " at the moment . It is highly amusing " 
On the road again , off to Cinci and then back home by the ninth . < PROPFEMALE > Shaw has some how managed to put up with me for almost two weeks and then agreed to another week . I feel like I'm in the twilight zone 
It feels like I've been on this roadtrip for my entire life .... In a good way ... 
Is home ... and is sad ... and is glad to see his family again .... but is still sad . 
Can't . Sleep . CAN'T SLEEP ! CAN'T SLEEP !!! 
Sooo .... How should I put this .... Hmmm ... I'm moving to Cinci . I'M MOVING TO CINCI AND I GET TO BE NEAR < PROPFEMALE > Shaw EVERY DAY ! If I had words to describe how happy this makes me , they still wouldn't be enough 
May I never become complacent in my completeness . May I never be content with being Content . May I never feel that being perfect is the same as being happy . 
\Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition . \ " - Jesus H . Christ " 
... You know ... I just realized that one of my main goals when starting at the < PROPFEMALE > was to get beat up by a Shaolin monk .... That never happened ! NO ONE BEAT ME UP !!! 
Finds it improbable that he'd be here . But he is , so screw probability . 
Ah packing ! I have done it so many times in the past two years that I'm inclined just to leave everything I own behind 
What's on my mind , you ask ? College , packing , moving , buzzing my own hair . But mostly < PROPFEMALE > Shaw ( Text Message < PROPFEMALE > ! Text Message ! I hope this works . It would suck if it didn't ) 
Like this status if you like liking statuses 
Packing ; the < PROPMALE > of throwing your shit in a box and praying nothing important breaks 
Life ; The < PROPMALE > of not dying 
is moving to Cincy in 13 days ... ? Yes , yes he is . 
Not to brag , but I'm REALLY good at making Mexican food . Especially Mexican food that is good for you ( I.E. my Veggie Burrito with a side of Veggies and Veggies ) 
Nobody ever had a rainbow , baby , until he had the rain 
Wishes for a time machine , even if it's just one that goes farther into the future . Even if it only works for traveling short distances through time , say ... 4 days , 3 hours , 35 minutes and 33 seconds ? Yeah , that would work 
TONIGHT 
Has a < PROPFEMALE > Shaw and is very happy about this 
On the .... Plane again ! Just can't wait to be on the play again ! The life I love is making jokes with < PROPFEMALE > Shaw ! Whatever , it's not a perfect fitting song . < PROPFEMALE > me . 
Is in Cincy , sitting in < PROPFEMALE > Shaw's room . DO YOU HEAR THAT FACEBOOK ?! IKIRAK < PROPMALE > SAVIANO MOVED AWAY FROM HOME AND IS NOW LIVING IN CINCINNATI ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Shaw Is with holding affection until after I post a status about how adorable she is when I'm teaching her Martial Arts stuff . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > is adorable when she's doing martial arts stuff . Adorable and deadly . 
Wow . Seriously ? This is just .... Seriously ? 
I KNEW there was a reason they kept those things behind childproof safety locks ... I just didn't know it was to keep people like me out 
A wise woman once said , \This is stupid . \ " And it is . " 
\I am pissed at < PROPMALE > Gump . Life is not a box of chocolates . It's a Hershey's bar and you know exactly what you're getting the whole damn time . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Shaw " 
Minestrone . A soup without a recipe . It is made up of whatever the hell you feel like putting in it . It is a soup of many faces and many tastes . It never has to end , for you can just keep adding to it as the level of soup in the pot falls . It is most definitely my favourite soup . 
< PROPFEMALE > Shaw is the best . She really is . If she were a pokemon trainer , she'd be Ash . If she were a < PROPFEMALE > Trek Captain ; She'd be Picard . If she was a girlfriend ; She'd be < PROPFEMALE > Shaw 
< PROPFEMALE > Shaw and I IRL pirated a movie ... Yes . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ......! 
Has a pretty damn good life 
Has obtained his first apartment . He is now level 19 ! Ikirak has learned \Pay rent\ " Which move would you like him to forget ? \ 
I moved into my first apartment with the girl I love and I'm starting college and making pizza and this is the life . 
Hello 
Is it me you're looking for ? 
I can see it in your eyes 
I can see it in your smile 
What's on my mind ? Not much , but < PROPFEMALE > Shaw is sitting on my back and it's cool 
Has his baby back ! And his Wii is hooked up to it . 
We're in hell ! 
I would never admit it , and I don't think I'll ever even know it , but I'm a pretty cool guy . 
Won a Freaking Ferrari !!!! 
