Barack Hussein Obama is now discriminating against blind people since he's asked Governor < PROPFIRST > Patterson not to seek re-election because he's weak . What does that say to other blind people who are trying to overcome their disability by achieving normal successful lives . 

My previous post about Barack Hussein Obama discriminating against the blind seemed to get some negative attention . So why is it that if anyone else other than a \black\ " democrat asked < PROPFIRST > Patterson not to run for re-election because \ " he is weak\ " they would be labled a racist ? " 
Sitting here at work listening to the Bills game online hoping for a win but expecting them to continue on their wonderful loosing streak . Maybe if < PROPFIRST > Paladino doesn't win the election to rebuild New York , he can buy the Bills and rebuild them ... 
Go Bills ! Leave it to Buffalo to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory . Of course it is probably my fault since I had to listen to the game but got home in time to turn on the TV at the begining of OT just in time for them to choke . 
It is pretty sad when you are listening to \Beautiful Music\ " aka . instrumental music from the 40's to the 70's and you know the words to most of the songs . " 
Today is the day the people speak . Hopefully the Republicans will take back the House and Senate , & Paladino will win as Governor . Don't forget to vote . However , if you vote democrat , then disregard this message . 
I am happy that the GOP took back control of the House but otherwise , I am disgusted with the rest of the election results especially in NY . I swear most of the people here when they go to the polls , they base their vote solely on name recognition alone ( ie . < PROPFIRST > Higgins / < PROPFEMALE > Slaughter etc . I know that name lets vote for them ) and of course New York City is always the final nail in the coffin for us upstate . 
Holy Shit ! The Bills finally win one even if it was against the Lions . Too bad it was blacked out . 
Just put a < PROPMALE > roast with cabbage and onion soup mix in the crock pot . Now I have to wait 10-12 hours . Sonnamabitch ! 
It really annoys me that stores are now opening at midnight on black Friday . These poor employees have to leave their Thanksgiving celebrations early or cannot go out of town because they have to get some sleep before having to come into work and deal with shoppers who will be more annoying than usual . I am just thankfull I do not work in the retail industry . 
I think Thanksgiving should be moved back so it doesn't compete with Christmas shopping anymore . In Canada , they celebrate Thanksgiving on < PROPMALE > Day so why can't we when we really are in the harvest season . It is one of my favority holidays and I hate seeing it disappear . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
I am thankfull for my wonderfull family and friends . With-out any of them nothing else would matter . 
IMPORTANT : the whole changing your profile picture to your favorite cartoon chatacter thing was actually created by a group of pedophiles , because if children see pictures of cartoons they will add them , it was currently on the program Internet frauds and will apparently be on tv some time ......... tonight , put this as your status to warn people and change your profile pictures back 
Yay ! I passed the first part of the Enrolled Agents test yesterday ! 
How freakin hard does it have to be to put together a childs rocking chair . I missed a quarter of the game ( thought I could do it during half-time ) , I'm bleeding , and I have a splinter in my toe . At least the directions were in english . Somanabitch ! 
The Bills may stink this year but the fact that they kept the Dolphins out of the playoffs is almost as good as being in the playoffs ourselves . 
Wishing everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Although Jesus is the reason for the season , it's spending time with family and friends is what makes it special for me . 
Yipee ! Jury Duty Today :-( 
Daylight Savings is such a sham . Ok , so we don't have to turn our lights on as early , but in the summer , we have to keep our air conditioners on longer so are we really saving anything ? Nope , we are using more . I can't wait until Nov 6th ... 
