17 - 4 with obsidian destroyer , free monster mmmmmm 

WHO WILL SHOW ME HOW TO USE MY OXYCLEAN NOW ? WHO WILL CONVINCE ME TO BUY ORANGEGLO NOW ? 
haircut , braces off , and a double double . 
being sick is so awesome .... 
RROD ... sigh 
back on facebook , friend requests going out 
disturbed on sept . 17 in the verizon wireless amphitheater in irvine 
Time minus 24 hours 
New headset arrived , registered for classes , SC2 tonight ! 
on a new 23 inch tv/monitor 
<3 zergrush 
< PROPFEMALE > LEAGUE !! 
won 2 out of my past 11 games ... fml 
when facebook asks me what's on my mind , it's lying to me . it's telling me that the world cares 
day 2 of graphics class , still not doing anything , still watching sc2 replays in class .... zZzZz 
huk takes < PROPMALE > ! 
Uproar . 
sooo ... anybody at the movies want to take my usher shift saturday night ? :) 
holiday paycheck in , going to go get an ipod touch before work 
I thought it was myself being unable to enjoy movies that was causing all the disappointment at the movies\ 
\ 
I just saw Black Swan\ 
now i'm convinced that most movies are just shit instead of it being me 
anyone ( who works at the theater ) know if its green or red week ? 
day off , woot 
anybody want 11:45 - 6:30 on door tomorrow ? 
a strong dose of music helps alleviate the symptoms of your world crumbling 
going out to aimlessly wander in the dark , maybe somebody will join me 
happy valentines day everybody ... JK nobody loves me , now to go close concession 
been reading xkcd for the past hour >.< 
yay for throwing up the entire contents of my stomach in the middle of the night 
Watching Children of Men on SyFy before Oregon's games today . 
late night Monster run ftw , gym later 
something < PROPFIRST>'s this way comes 
im in the wrong generation 
dont have class or work tomorrow woot 
thumbs up for Unknown 
The Adjustment Bureau @ 10:15 tonight , 3 extra tickets 
-Do not stand too close to the screen\ 
-Preferably play the game on a small screen\ 
-Avoid playing if you are tired or have not had much sleep\ 
-Make sure that the room in which you are playing is well lit\ 
-Rest for at least 10 to 15 minutes per hour while playing a video game\ 
LOL K DRAGON AGE 2 
last night was amazingly terrible 
dont have enough time to balance school , work , and games all at once . work = money and games = ignore the rest of the world so that leaves school out . who needs a future , right ? 
maybe now people will realize that IMAX doesnt make a bad movie better and will just buy regular tickets to disappointing movies 
