is lovin ' the summer ! 

saw Transformers and Fight Club for the first time . Loved them !!! :) 
I'm fed up with my friggin ' ancient Ipod ! Worthless piece of ...!!! @ ?! 
is really sleepy . 
says R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I'm gonna miss him ... Long live the < PROPMALE > of Pop ! 
saw Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen ! LOVED IT ! Thumbs up < PROPFIRST > Bay . :) 
is packing for back-to-back trips ! One pleasure , one business . Gotta love life and summer ! 
is headed to New York tomorrow and doesnt want to leave Miami again . 
is back in Miami and it feels so good ! 
has a headache from sitting 7 hours for a new hairstyle . :/ Sucks to be me , I know ... 
is ready to start college . 
is getting a new piercing . 
has a slight headache . 
is hoping for that job to come through . 
is waiting for that last expensive textbook to arrive . :/ 
is all kinds of ticked off that the last textbook hasn't arrived ! Damn Amazon on all levels . Ugh ! 
is a day away from starting college . 
is flippin ' ready for that 8 AM , Intro to Psychology class . :) 
made it through the first day and is saddened by the experience . Wasn't much . :/ 
needs to sell a textbook and read two long chapters . Yay college ! :/ 
. 
has had one of those weeks . 
is sailing . ( Discern that however you wish . ) 
is getting away for the weekend . Peace . 
just heard Flyleaf's new single Again and got goosebumps . Can't wait for the new album release in October ! 
is at a crossroads on which opportunity to take . Decisions , decisions . :) 
is back on < PROPMALE > for money , it's a terrible addiction , I know . :) 
has got a new hope and let's pray that this one does go out like the others did . 
has got a new hope and let's pray that this one doesn't go out like the others did . 
just talked to < PROPFIRST > on the phone and is feelin ' better . :) 
96% on a test , Quest for Peace < PROPMALE > Contest and attending the UM game against FAMU on Saturday , what a week ! :) 
is high on a new idea and can't come down . 
is sleeping like a fiend nowadays . 
got into the < PROPMALE > show ! YES ! One step closer to that first place CASH prize ! 
is feelin ' kind of iffy and kinda sh ... well you know . 
goin ' to the < PROPMALE > show tonight to look at the work and leave before the judging st < PROPMALE > s . :) 
went to < PROPMALE > class and I'm feelin ' kinda lifted . 
is running out of time for the < PROPMALE > assignment . Oh well ... 
feelin irratiated at not being prepared for my own party Saturday . 
has FINALLY got days off from class ! YES ! 
has nothing to say in reply to all of the noise going on lately . 
smiled more today than the past two days combined . In the words of Ice Cube , \It was a good day . \ " :) " 
is just la , la , la right now . 
gotta frame that sick piece that got great critiques today for Monday ! :) 
is working toward the weekend . :) 
not caring , not caring , not caring about anything ! 
Don't you hate it when the final product never shows the details that came from seven straight hours of working ? 
The end of the week has arrived and I couldnt be happier that next week will soon be on the horizon . :) 
The bank account is plunding and hitting a record low , need to find self control again . 
looking for a good book but I'm way too picky to read just anything .... 
gotta get packing , hey , gotta get packing , hey ! 
and .... I'm back . 
You and me could write a bad romance ! ( Um , love that song . ) 
is sleeping off one of her worst headaches to date . 
Jealousy is just one of the many ways to express how happy you are for someone . :) 
Ugh , the weekend was a little less than spectacular but the shining , hilarious moments I'll never forget . :) 
Get your insanity in check I tell her , YOU MUST ! 
decorated two trees in two days . ( Oh , yeah , I'm on a roll . :) 
Lovin ' Winter Break , there's so much to do , so many people to see and < PROPFEMALE > out with . I love it . It's like Christmas for three weeks straight ! 
Looking up and all around , the world is changing and time is passing . While homework asignments , paintings , drawings come and go and inspiration because the latest addiction , realize that all of it has it's own place and time . 
Typos suck . 
Constantly taking the next step , looking in every direction , wondering where the < PROPMALE > that everyone was talking about could be . 
is going to National Portfolio DAY !!!! 
just watched The Buried Life . Inspiring . Making a list of my own . 
Falling is the greatest sensation . 
So tired , I can't focus on anything . Even the things I actually want to do . :( 
Going , going , rolling and going , going , going . :) 
I asked for the world and He said , \When you're stronger . \ " He'll never give you more than you can handle . Amen to that . " 
Forearms deep in freezing water , in the rain , mixing plaster , using a cake spatchula to frost my assignment . Gotta love sculpture class . :) 
OMG , the mountains we climb to reach certain plateaus . 
waiting for that acceptance letter ... or email . 
Be thankful for what you have , because it could be worse . 
bleh , another week . 
What a day , what a day . 
Transfer Application process complete . Finally ... 
is havin ' a musical affair with Kings of < PROPFIRST > . ( Don't tell my other favorite bands . ) :D 
Tired , tired , tired . -_- 
Man , whatever to yesterday , last night and to the week to come . I wasn't that excited to see you anyways . :/ 
Sorry for the delay to all , I had no Internet all week and only through my phone . Thank you to everyone that wished me a happy birthday . :) I feel so loved . :D 
Got that figure drawing assignment on lock , now ... that term paper . 
It's been 2 days and I have not lifted a finger to find sources for that so-called Term Paper . Well ... looks like that won't get done any time soon . :/ 
You date before you marry , you test before you buy . Visit before you commit . Logic . 
Fear of the unknown kills most , whether it be our dreams or hopes . As men , we must find the courage to run blindly into the dark . 
My mind , fears , and tendency to over analyze wil be the end of me . 
It's done . 
The stress has become a full blown headache . 
Full day planned : test , finish welding sculpture , Barnes & < PROPMALE > and hustling at the Food Sale in South Miami . Non-stop from 8AM to 6 PM , wish me luck . :D 
Burnt out . Can you say pass out ' til noon tomorrow . Laters . 
<3 
It's the same BS , and ... wait let me check .... yes , same time of the year . Shit gets old people , let it go already . 
It's a dirty free for all . 
Submission of < PROPMALE > work is over , now on to the completion of that elusive Term Paper . 
My fingers ache from typing and applying for scholarships . Someone stop me now . Goodness . :/ 
South Beach . 
Ugh , back to regular existence ... and school . :/ 
When the blood runs thick and the mind becomes sluggish , what remedy hath God given man to cure this ? 
Updating that little thing called the Portfolio . 
Off to the Student < PROPMALE > Exhibtion tonight , I may be late but at least I'll get there . 
Won Overall First Prize . 
is looking over a book of Bernini's work and can't help but hate on a man that's been dead for more than a century . :/ 
I cannot stand MDC . 
Putting together the grand hustle in my mind : $ 20,000 in four months . The money is gonna come from somewhere , I know it . 
is ready to cry because this week is going by slower than any other week in the Spring semester . 
survived a critique that was announced only ten minutes ahead of time . Thank goodness for having work done ahead of time ! 
is so through with everything . To hell with it all for now . 
Damn this ! The only problem I have with the Business Calculus final exam is that the damn test has the balls to actually include business related material . Screw the corporate world , you can keep your marginal costs and crap . I'm gonna guess on my final and hope for the best . 
has officially completed her first year of college . Yay me ! 
The voices of my parents in my mind are raising my blood pressure and bringing on a sense of stress over something I had finally calmed myself over . Perfect , just before my flight tomorrow morning . Thanks Mom , thanks Dad . :/ 
Hmmm , I see a successful trip in my near future . Take care Miami , I'll be back to you on Tuesday . :) 
Oooh la la , having fun in Vancouver ! Whooo ! 
Last day , decisions to make , pictures taken , friends made , experiences had and a lot of walking . :) 
made it home , back to hot , humid Miami . ( I've missed you somewhat . ) :) 
Decide . 
would love to spill all emotion , all feeling to be empty , careless and no one for a while before the rest of her life begins with one decision . 
has made up her mind at last . 
Laziness looks good on me . Just one more week before I'm back to class . :) 
I'm soooo ... ugh right now . Dont even ask me what that means because even I dont know . :/ 
Indifference is a bitch and you can't hate < PROPFEMALE > because it was just on your side yesterday . 
AAAAHH ! New Deftones album ! YYYESS ! Just what I needed . YES ! Dammit , yes ! 
Once and for all ... time will see us realign 
I'm gonna throw up at the inability to go to sleep right now . IT'S 5 IN THE MORNING !!! I can't sleep ! I wanna sleep ! 
Boredom breeds stupidity . 
Just a few more steps and the goal will be realized . :) 
Class in the morning - what a joy , what a joy this will be . :D 
Talk about an intense drawing class ! For 6 hours and 10 minutes , twice a week , I get to BS in my own mind and on my personal time and work my Illustration skills before transfering ( hopefully ) this Fall . What a great start to my summer . :) Gotta love life . 
Class tomorrow , then I'm finished for the week . 
sent her younger sister off to the Senior Prom looking like a < PROPFEMALE > in lavender . :D 
This could be fun . 
has run out of freakin ' gesso and acrylic medium on a piece due Tuesday for critique . FML ! 
What is Vector ? 
I'm not okay . For once I am not okay . 
It's been one of those days and I'm just ready to take a book of matches to my entire portfolio . 
Hey baby , I'm a Rockstar ! 
Considering a walk to Southland to watch a movie . I could take the bus but that would defeat the purpose of taking a walk to clear my head . :/ 
Gotta get back on my hustle , I cannot stay in Miami another year . I just can't . 
I've got my days so mixed up . Tuesday is looking at me like I'm supposed to know what's going on and Wednesday is up in the air , lost . 
Dude , seriously ? Really ? 
Had an eventful day out , lookin forward to Saturday , about to crash . 
I cannot type a scream loud enough to illustrate my utter excitement at the creation of Pixar Canada . If this is not a sign I dont know what is ! :D 
This revelation is like looking up , feeling you're not alone then turning around to realize that not only are you not alone , the other presence is right behind you staring you down . 
Saturday night was sooo wild . Still recuperating . 
Stress is a bitch . 
Figured out the answer to completing the series ! 
Ugh , online registration SUCKS and I cannot stand being a transfer student , it's like being the half-unwanted , toss-aside-orphan of the family . 
I could really use a wish right now , wish right now , wish right now . 
got a pretty good , 20 minute cry out of reading through her yearbook for the first time . 
AAAAAHHHH ! FML ! FML ! FML ! Dammit man ! 
About to go home and fill my second < PROPMALE > application . 
If all the signs point to one singular course of action , why am I being so difficult looking for the other possible directions ? 
FML and < PROPMALE > committees . 
I need a little holiday . I wanna resign from being me for a little , drop my name and runaway to a place where I'm just not < PROPFEMALE > . 
Blah , blah , fucking blah . 
I need more nights out like I had tonight . Thank you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
Ugh , doing the right thing sucks . 
LOL . I'm on a creative high so high , my muse is rollin ' . :D 
Being at home alone is getting very old . :/ 
I am now officially bored . 
Pretty Little Liars has the potential to help me make it through the first half of summer . :) 
A day off . Thank goodness ! 
One more day and I'm free ! 
Start the countdown and let the games begin ... 
Cooked my first piece of fish ! It was heavily seasoned but hella tasty ! :) 
A week full of necessity and steps that will take me forward and on to a better place . ( ECU , see you in September . ) 
I really wanted to take that Painting class ... Guess I just have to wait and see . :/ 
Dude , I really want that Painting class . I thought it was just a course I wanted to take , now I really want to paint in the Fall . 
So far I have done well in maintaining this delicate situation and all it's up-keep . Let's hope I can continue to juggle until the act is over . 
Talk about THE MIX-UP of all mix-ups on the phone just now . I hope I haven't screwed up my chances at recieving the < PROPMALE > . -_- 
The surge of emotion at times over this particular situation is slowly draining me of reason , strength and the will to rest . 
Just discovered \Work of Art\ " on Bravo ... it's like PROJECT RUNWAY for artists ! Why didn't I know about this show ???? " 
And I'm out ... Miami , see you when I see you Bitch . :D 
... and I'm back . 
Dude ... like ... the idea of finishing Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand is exciting yet exhausting and I'm only on chapter 2 . :/ 
When the back-up to your back-up plan to go out and have a fun day fails , it's hard not to wonder , \Is it me ? \ " :/ " 
... I get points for trying . :[ 
is feeling a bit hopeless right now . 
And the like clouds rolled away and like ... everything was better ya know . XD 
Maaaan , let the pieces fall in order ! I know they want to ! Just do it already . 
As many times as I have sat for 4 hours to watch it , Titanic never gets old for me . 
All that's left now is to wait for August to find me . :) 
So little time . :/ 
Ah , fuck , I'm so ... idk but stressed just doesn't cut it right now . 
Shopping for the braidmaids ' dresses , celebration dinner , babysitting , bank account , driving , loans , flight booking , reading , applications , I mean stop me when it's enough . 
Stayed up all night , let's see how long I last ' til I pass out somewhere in the house . :] 
is a living zombie . O_O 
Yay for the appointment at < PROPFIRST>'s Bridal tomorrow ( and everything else ) . Hopefully I'll be alert enough to give my opinion on the dress . :) 
Life's a bitch . Fuck emotions ! AH ! 
It's everything . 
Decisions , decisions . 
Like , for real ? Have I spaced out that much that July has gotten away from me so well ? I feel like a spaz , totally and completely . :/ 
If You Really Knew Me ... powerful show . Well done MTV . 
The burden of the challenges we choose to face in life will only get tougher from here , and that will make the reward of seeing them conquered even sweeter . One more day . :) 
has finally finished reading Atlas Shrugged . Took a little over three weeks but was well worth the time and effort . :) 
Soooo sleepy , but I have to write the essays ... :/ 
Never taken so many naps in one day . 
Inception is a total mindfuck ! I am so impressed . :) 
I feel like I just signed my soul away . :( 
Dude .... :/ * sighs * 
I'll say it again , \I don't want to be me right now . Not tomorrow or next week as of now . \"" 
X Games on ESPN ! :) 
Getting things done on time ... I miss that feeling . 
I am in so much pain I cannot express how much it hurts to walk . I just wanna lay down dammit ! 
Time to start packing . YES !!! :D 
\I love Expedia . \ " Never thought I'd say that . :D " 
Five years of < PROPMALE > supplies fits in three small boxes . Damn I'm good . :) 
Dude , give me a $ 100,000 and I'll show you what to do with it . 
OMFG ! It cannot be this hard to figure out a cell phone plan for Vancouver , I mean damn I have to be doin ' somethin ' wrong here ! 
The wedding is on Saturday and I can't be happier that it'll soon come and go . FINALLY ! 
I got my money bitch ! I'm leaving ! :D 
What type of person do I want to be ? This is the question to have answered . It'll make surviving and adapting so much easier . 
The flight is booked ! 
On to the wedding reception ! 
Beat to shit from such an eventful day yesterday at the wedding . :) 
So much packing , hanging out , memories to make before I bid a temporary goodbye to my city . :/ 
The To-Do List just keeps on growing . :/ 
Oh boy , one less < PROPMALE > daughter after tomorrow . :) ( psst ... and it isn't me ) 
My sister and cousin are flippin crazy . 
I am so ... frustrated with liars that I just can't understand why they are allowed to even continue existing . 
I am so bored right now , yet I still have so much to do before Wednesday . 
is missin ' the little sister . :( 
After tomorrow ... jeez , if only my brain could figure out my emotions . 
I'm slowly giving up on everything . I can't focus while thinking about my flight tomorrow . 8/ 
I won't be sleeping tonight . 
DAY 1 : Let the adventure begin . 
is in Vancouver . :) 
\Living your dream is hard to do when you have to leave the ones you love to do it . \"" 
That girl got that number ! In 24 hours , I'll be social again with my new phone ! 
The new number is now functional . YAY ME ! 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim was sooo entertaining ! I loved it . :D 
is going grocery shopping today with Laura , Karla and < PROPFEMALE > . 
I feel some times I took on more than I can handle . :/ 
AH ! New sketchbook , new city , new place ! Dammit I love my life some times ! XD 
Moving Day . 
is without Internet because of her stupid , old ass laptop . FML . 
has awesome friends in Vancouver . :) 
The Internet is back ! I love < PROPFEMALE > Shneyer ! 
Great day , met new people , this year is gonna be awesome . :D 
is off to double orientation this morning ' til noon . 
I complicate my life in the strangest ways . Things that shouldn't rack my brain still do and the discovery of this does not amaze me in the slightest . 
Ugh , school tomorrow . < PROPMALE > History of all things is my first class . :/ That's just my life . 
Ha ha , first day of class and I never even set foot inside the auditorium . Foundation classes , goodness . 
Sometimes , you just cannot fake the stupidity that can come out of one's mouth when not thinking . :) 
One more class to go to and I'm finished for the week . I hope Printmaking is interesting . I can't have another boring class , I won't make it . 
WEEKEND ! YES !!! 8D \ 
Homework ... boooo :/ 
Hahahahahahahaha ... LOL . 8D ( Dying lauhing . ) 
Time for a semi-all-nighter to reactivate the creative juices ! 
Oh shit son , an Atlas Shrugged movie ? Finally Hollywood is making a movie from a worthy novel ! :D 
What a Lazy Sunday ... 
Reading the < PROPMALE > History textbook , I'm surprised at how much I remember and it's been ..... 3 years ? 8O Oh boy ! 
Blah , bl , bl , blah , blah ... yeah that was class today . I couldnt not get my mind to focus at all . :/ 
And there was 15,000 purple piggies in the sky , as you drove by ... XD 
Thinking up a challenge that involves a sleepness night , a scavenger hunt and maybe a few friends that aren't too obsessed with homework .... these are the things I wish for . :) 
Rhea+biking+3 slices of pizza+20km = sore knee caps and a good night sleep . -_- 
has got all over her assignments on lock . OH YEAH ! I'm gonna be sitting around bored this week ! WHOOP ! XD 
got everything done except those ten sketchbook pages ............... oh well , I'll figure it out later . 
I have to do my hair , dammit I miss my cousin < PROPFEMALE > so much right now . :) 
Coffee Night was sooo much fun , I can't begin to report in a Facebook status the awesomeness I witnessed tonight ! :D 
... 
goin ' for the record of a research paper started and finished in 3 days . :) 
I got 99 problems but A BITCH AIN'T ONE !!!!! 
I wrote 2 research papers in 2 days ... long story , I can't believe it . I am such a fuckin ' nerd . :/ 
AHH , I'm gonna do whatever I want for my assignments . Screw requirements and themes . I'm drawing what I want to draw ! 
I'm going ice skating tonight . Yay ! :D 
Back to the weekly grind . :/ 
What to type as a status ? Nothing interesting is happening to me right now . Bummer . :/ 
I move that DASH have its own university dammit ! 
I'm going to school tomorrow ... on Saturday , because the school is closed Monday for a strange thing called Canadian Thanksgiving . 
I actually went nowhere near school today , never even set foot outside . To staying in all day watching movies , hooray !!! :D 
LOL ! We're goin ' to Hell for the great time we had tonight but hey , at least we had some great laughs to show for it ! :D 
Gotta hate watercolors as if drawing isn't hard enough for some of us . Goodness ! 
doesnt have class tomorrow , so there's a lot of things that can and will get done tomorrow . :D I look forward to it . 
For once , I've got a full weekend . :) Finally . 
Ten hours in the Print Media studio , about half that time I was standing up . My feet , my arms , my mind are exhausted . ' Til Monday Printmaking , ' til Monday . :/ 
I tip over when I laugh . Ha ha . :D 
Oh Muse ! Oh < PROPFEMALE>'s Muse , you're lunch break is OVER ! Get back to work ! 
And so the day came that she had to make a decision , and this decision meant goin ' back . 
I dont think anyone can dislike Visual Culture more than me at this point . :/ 
It just got serious . 
Just came up with a revolutionary idea for a show with < PROPFEMALE > Monterrosa . This should be fun . :D 
My photographic memory has not faded . :) It works even better when repeating the same song in the background while memorizing . Sing the song , or hum the beat and the facts come flooding back . My brain is awesome ! :D 
I am sick to death of both of my childrens ' books . I dont want to see them after the critique on Thursday , I may just mail them to Miami . :/ 
Got that presentation and research paper on lock and finished ' em , yeah bitch ! :D 
I welcome the weekend and whatever it wants to throw at me . :) 
Budgets stress me out . Forget accounting man . 
What to do when you have great ideas , but have no time , and no environment to actually bring these things to life ? You attend < PROPMALE > school , the massive graveyard for potential masterpieces before your \education\ " sucks the life from all that makes < PROPMALE > enjoyable for you . " 
I've been giving it all I've got . I can't figure out what to do . Do I have to self-destruct to make the marks I deserve ? GEEZ . 
got mindless in the studio today . I promise I looked up and it was 2 o'clock , five hours went by without me even noticing and I'm not even tired from working . :D Yay ! 
I dont think I can be more dissatisfied with my education at this point . 
Going into the studio tomorrow . I'm workin ' on so much at once , it feels like I'm not making progress . But all 5 plates , should be completed by the end of the week . :) 
My fingertips are numb , my hands ache from washing and re-twisting my hair . :/ 
I cannot seem to get my mind on working on my comic for Illustration . I have 3 weeks to do it and I know I shouldnt wait but ... AH ! :/ 
FML , FML ! Fuck the printing press handle that smashed the screen of my beloved Zune ! Ugh , I feel terrible for breaking it !!! 
is about to take p < PROPMALE > in a very wide event where many < PROPMALE > students are going to sleep in on our holiday off from school . :D 
Those final 2 intaglio assignments will be completed by this Saturday . 
The stuff we get into in this life , should be labeled as a hazard . Love , debt , devotion , passion , all of it ! 
I feel so tired , so bored and so creative all at the same time . :/ 
Why must American Airlines feel the need to fuck with me and my travel plans ? 
OMFG ! It's snowing ! I've seen snow ! Check that off the list of things to do before I die , hell yeah ! :D 
The work is done . I can breathe now . 
I fell so many times today , thank you but no thank you snow , I think I want to see warmer climates . 
I now own snow boots . Hopefully the falling will cease from here . 
I miss Miami in the worst way . 
I'm in the mood for some torture , maybe a 3 by 6 foot drawing/painting for my choice final ? I love it . 
just updated the Ol ' < PROPMALE > Portfolio and it hasn't grown much . :/ 
I . Am . Sick . To . Death . Of . This . Fucking . Snow . 
\Decisions of this nature are never easy to deal with . \ " :/ " 
It's ALIVE ! I have fixed my Zune and replaced the LCD ! I have brought it back to the waking world and I will take better care of it from this point forward . :) 
I haven't been sick in 2 years . I've forgotten how mean and angry , how much I wish the rest of the world would disappear when I'm sick . 
Nyquil is amazing . After a sleepless night , I took it and I was passed out , didn't have to blow my nose once . It's < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
Victory muffins and orange juice rock my socks ! The hardest final is over now I can focus on being sick and getting over this damn cold . 
Half way finished with these things called , \Finals\ " . :D Bring it on ! I'm ready to be done with this semester and on to more inspiring locations . :) " 
I am unnaturally happy for reasons I can't express clearly . But it could involve being home in just 9 days ! :D 
The most epic trip to UPS ever , enough said . 
Just put together an awesome Christmas playlist for the flight home . Oh yeah . :D 
All I did was buy a pair of snow boots ! Why are my suitcases acting like my clothes dont fit when I know they do !!!!! X_X 
My genius plan for getting all my clothes to Miami will certainly make for an interesting flight . :) 
Home . 
I have a Christmas tree ! 
Happy holidays to all . :) 
Finally got my Nookcolor working . Goodness what a relief . :) 
Looking forward to a fresh start with a better attitude and mindset . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > be unto the Lord for He is merciful ! :D lol 
Be careful what you wish for , you just may get it . :/ 
Why does every New York bestseller have to become a motion picture ? Some books should just stay books . Screenplay writers ... maybe it's time for new blood if you have to get movie plots from popular teen novels . 
Watchin ' Aladdin on ABC Family . Gotta love old school Disney . :D 
I can't be upset with anyone but myself right now . 
Just finished watching Momento for the first time . Now I understand what everyone means when they say you have to see it twice to really get it , even though I think I got most of it down . :) 
It's a scary place when you're drawing a very detailed portrait and wonder why you're spending your time doing it , then have thoughts of destroying it . 
Ah ! I'm going to miss Coffee Night at ECU next week . Dammit . :/ Great times , good talent . 
I gotta get better at doing my independent assignments and leave some things unfinished so I have a reason to get up and go to class during the week . 
Time to kick back and watch some TV . Homework is done , dinner's been cooked , I'm chilling the rest of the night . I'm done . 
If one more person over the age of 25 , talks about ' Skins ' I'm going to scream . The show isn't for you ! 
I paid DASH a visit today . It was so different going back . The faculty has some fresh faces . 
No matter what , there'll always exist an artist that makes you feel like you aren't doing snit artistically . :/ 
I just wanna get the piece done so I can stop inhaling dangerous amounts of charcoal . 
Ready , ready for that interview ! Well ... almost . 
GLEE ! I confess my unwavering adoration for this show tonight . Thriller/Heads Will Roll , this mash up should be amazing . :D 
Never thought it would happen this soon , but I'm misisng Vancouver a little more everyday . :) The friends , the city but nothing else . :D 
Ugh , got a critique on Tuesday and like 2 shows to submit work to . Enough already Universe , please , cut me some slack , I beg you . 
Where is it cosmically written that anyone with some kind of talent is either addicted to a substance , antisocial , mentally unsound or just all around awkward in some way ? 
Gotta love it when all your teachers bury you with work , but you know , there's a special place in my heart for the ones that dig the pit for you to stand in . :) 
So tired from researching , from studying but I know I can write this paper in 2 days if I can just gather all my sources . 
The inspiration timed out . :/ 
Mmmm ... guava and cheese pastry . O_o 
8.5 foot wide drawing , why do I do stuff like this ? :/ 
The < PROPMALE > We :) 
My eight foot drawing may just becoming my eight foot ink painting because spreading ink on paper is SO much easier than shading with nine different pencils . 
The Cartier-Bresson paper is nearly complete ! Thank God ! :D 
My voice is going ... thanks Dad for giving me a sorry excuse for a cold . No fever , I just can't talk louder than a whisper . 
I got into The Impressed Print Show at the Backhouse < PROPMALE > Complex for next month ! Oh Yeah ! My first legit gallery showing ! Whoop whoop ! :D 
The joy from seeing a piece come together is always the greatest . Makes every other assignment suck less because at least one is going right . :) 
The Bday is this week but I've got so much going on I can't even begin to be excited ' til I finish a few things first . :/ 
My presentation is Monday and I still have quite a few loose ends to tie . My fingers will bleed tonight . 
I am two decades old today ! YAY , I lived to see 20 ! Hip , hip , hooray ! 
I'd like to thank EL HEAT for playing an entertaining game and beating Los Lakers on my birthday ! Thanks you guys ! :D 
Attending the Impressed Show at the Bakehouse < PROPMALE > Complex . :) 
Had an amazing time at the Bakehouse . I'll definitely be attending more < PROPMALE > openings . :) 
Finished that advanced composition assignment a week early , oh yeah ! I hope to keep this up . 
It's done ! :D 
I can't remember when I've been so excited to do work and all it took was finding a < PROPFEMALE > scrap of copper and the idea to turn it into a plate . :D 
Just went to The Fair and had an amazing time ! Resting up for Saturday when I head back out there again . :D 
You have to love The Fair , I was so tired when I got in last night and now I'm ready to go back today if I had plans to do so . :) 
Six and a half hours retwisting my hair . It was needed but goodness I need a clone to do this for me . o_0 
Well done Pretty Little Liars , even I thought this emotional rollercoaster was coming to an end tonight . :/ Nice twist at the end , NOT ! 
Almost ready for the Student Show . 
Just finished a ridiculous amount of work in a week . I'm taking Friday off , next week I'll see you when I see you bitch ! 
I am too happy at the fact I got 3 pieces into the Student Show . There must be something disappointing lurking in my near future to balance this success out . Wait for it , wait for it .... 
