2010 has start off great things are going good i just hope it continues !!! 

Something just don't feels right today ! WHAT IS IT ? 
IMPORTANT !!! FYI ... Facebook has agreed to let the third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission . Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the log out link . Select PRIVACY . Then select NEWS FEEDS AND WALL . Next select the < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm Watching \ The < PROPMALE > Five : An American Dream \"" 
WATCHIN THE HOUSEWIVES OF ATLANTA . LOVE IT !!!! 
Just came from chillin with my grandma and she trip me out the whole time . I had a pretty good day today ! 
Kanye and lost cool points for that one ! 
I'm thinking bout what should I do ....... I hate when life brings u hard decisions !!!! 
OMG what a day ! I put in an app at BI-LO . I went in the store , talked to the manger and he told me to come back Wednesday or tuesday . I cant remember which one my mind is so BAD ! I gotta take a test ..... NOT worried .... I got my 1st job ! YEA ME 
went to BI-Lo today to take my test ... results ...???? I'll go back and try again i was only 4 points away . I knew it was a bad to to start off . 
Can't wait till her Brithday tomorrow still aint decide wat i wanted to do yet . 
Ready to go to see NEW < PROPFEMALE > 
Just got home from early this morning and ready to go go to bed ! 
I hate it when i be so tired as soon as I get home from school then when its time for me to go to bed I cant cuz i have so much energy ...... where did it come from ??????? I guess i'll finish reading this book HARLEM GIRL LOST until i get sleepy ! 
I forgot to ask the man yesterday when i'm going driving again ...... i got a feeing i was suppose to stay and drive today .... OH WELL TOMORROW !!! 
Watching the Bad Girls Club this mess is going to be crazy this season . Probably the most fights ever . 
Im so tired of waking up Saturday morning to go to a upward Bound . I got one more yr to deal with this madness lol . they should have it where u come only if u need it . 
The bad Girls Club was crazy tonite I can't wait till next tuesday ..... I dont like how they all flip on < PROPFEMALE > like that they shold have supported her decision . 
Just came from hanging with my daddy and brie ...... yea i enjoyed myself 
Im ready for tomorrow to c wat i got that i dont already kow bout . 
My daddys gone bac home :-( yea i enjoyed him this time . i feel like we got really close this time ........... i guess im gettin older and he can talk to me now plus all that nonsence we had to deal with . Hope he have a safe trip back home . 
I just watch this video on STI's in child development ............... NO COMMENTS 
The Nanny is gone off now i cant find anything to watch 
SO tired and weak today for some reason . Found out I made a 90 on my spanish midterm ;-) ....... i could have sworn i failed it . Now im worried bout the math :-( 
THE BAD GIRLS CLUB IS CRAZY TONIGHT ...... I'M LOVING IT WE NEED MORE SHOWS LIKE THIS ! 
have nothing to do just sitting in my room playing The Sims and watching Lifetime :-( SOMEBODY HELP ME PLZ 
Im so hungry right now I can't wait for this food to finish . 
Watching Bad Girls Club 
Did good on the report card lowest grade was an 82 ;-) hey im satisfied so ......... 
Watching HOPE FOR HAITI NOW . This is so sad it makes you wanna cry from the stories . 
Does anyone know the name of the new show that came on last Monday where the girl just meets her mom and dad who gave her up for adoption when they were younger ? 
Just watch the show Life Unexpected online ...... LOVE IT ....... bout to take a shower , and watch the new episode and make it or brake it . 
is trying to sign up for the SAT but its not working . 
is tryna go 2 the game but nobodys answering there phone :-/ 
is watching the Grammys and craving for some cookie and cream ice cream :-( 
I have to watch Desperate Housewives , the Grammys and finish the kitchen thats alot . 
Ok < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > I did your whole tank 3 . Lets not make this a habit . 
Bout to fix me something to eat and watch the < PROPFEMALE > show . 
Y do people tell people stuff about other people an they know they can't be trusted ? I HATE when someone tell someone else someones business . This is really getting to me ! 
Do anybody know the name of the spanish thing that some people had to make a flyer about . 
I did good on my interim now I want some money . I konw its around tax time somebody got it . 
OKAY we got snow in the SOUTH !!! My snow day album coming soon ... 
OKAY a very long lost friend just wrote me ! This is funny . I thought chapter was closed . 
is trying to stay up but my eyes keep closing . Maybe I'll take a hour nap . 
I love this day . Nothing is gonna ruin this day NOTHING OR NOBODY ! 
A couple yrs ago i ate some peanuts and had to go to the doctor . I have been eating all kinds of peanuts for a while ; just now when i ate some mixed ones me lip swollen i got a bad headach and feel like something is cought in my throat . Thats some bull ! 
At upward bound ready to go home ..... this is a wasted of time . 
Guess wat ????? The cell is back in business !!! :-) 
I found out some good funny info today . Boy that was the news of the year . 
Good day today !!! Thanks to this dumb boy !! 
Gettin ready to go out for a while . Try to go to aeropostal 
Did we win the game ? PLZ say hey !!! 
I did my IGP today and realize im going to have a full load next year . 
I wanna see the hangover . I need a good laugh . 
< PROPMALE > Songz video neighbors ... um um um I LIKE !! 
< PROPFEMALE > glad this week is over . It has been a very long one . 
Not a good day for me im so aggravated . I need some cookie and cream ice cream . 
Its sad that I'm happy cuz somebody else is piss . :-( suck it ^ 
Just got done with my project . 
A nap is calling my name ! 
I hope I NEVER get blinded by love ! 
I really dont wanna sit in the house tonight ! 
I think for the first time god has put sombody in my life that I have learned from and they've learned from me . Now its time for them to go on there own and see exactly how much we have tought each other . 
Im so tired I aint went to sleep till 6:40 and had to get up at 7 . 
lol i lub yall too smoochessssss 
Im so ready for my day to begin and end . Im ready to watch the baby ! 
My horoscope is on point today ! But thats fine cause i aint going let that get 2 me . I still enjoying my day . ( I really hate dumb niggas ) 
Why did u have to text me ? You just made my life even more complicated . 
Its so easier to be single then in a relationship . 
I had a good day today except for one thing but i aint worrying about that right now im enjoying my sister and nephews .... HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE ! 
Babys coming from left - right in 2010 . 
Lifetime Movie \The Clique\ " luv it . " 
I can't sit in this house today !!!! Where am i going ???? 
watching HSM3 
Y do i have 2 get my hair cut again ? And even shorter then last time ! Huhh y me ??? 
I think imma cry !!! I have no hair :`( 
Tomorrow u will c a new me . I might have to be on my B***h mode . I can just feel it coming ! 
LOL it's so funny how everyones so disappointed about going back to school . 
OMG < PROPFEMALE > just let me drive her car from Sandhills . Thats a 1st . 
I love my sister < PROPFEMALE > Thompson . She was there for me the whole night . THANKS !!! 
Okay i just read this book and the ending sucks ! It says : Pieces cocked his gun ... Garvonni < PROPFIRST > his ... Dream shut her eyes tightly as the shot rang out ... the blood splattered ... a chest opened ... a breath shortened ... the scream's mouthed ... the eyes closed ... damn ! 
Watching Tinker < PROPFEMALE > . I feel like a little kid ! 
* SKURTTTT * 
< PROPFEMALE > Barnes you made my day ! 
Jade :\ Crying \ " (b\\c she didnt want her hair braided)\ 
On the chair and in he kitchen 
I want to be frinds with the chinese girls across the street ! 
I have watch < PROPMALE > and the chipmunks 3 times today . 
Do anybody know who real picked on the 2nd season of there show ? 
Another one on the way ! 
Congratulations to the class of 2010 ! & hearts ; 
Why was flies made ? What do they do for us ? 
Great day ! Stright night ! 
Just came from shoppin with my sister for my bro-in law . So excited an ready for him to come home ! 
Soon as i find something to do on the computer it wanna start storming . Why can't it wait till tonight ? 
Is bout to finish watching the preachers kid ! 
I have some real fake friends ! 
this is bria dont pay that fake friends comment any attention 
One good thing about this summer is im learning how to deal with different personalities . 
My eyes feel like they are going to close on me at any time ! I'm so tired an don't know why ! 
I had so much fun last night an now I'm payin for it . I'm so tired didn't even feel like going out ! I guess i'm going to sleep early tonight . 
I am Upward Bound ! 
BOY BOY BOY !!!!! 
ughhhh i got the bgs hope i can make it threw the dAy peptobismol please hacked by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
corderro n the dorm room shittin up a storm cuz quana beat the shit out of him hacked by bria s . 
Have you ever saw a boy that was so cute an soon as he open his mouth u like .... HELL NO !!!! 
Happy Fathers Day to all the fathers ; and the mothers that has to be fathers . 
??? If i ask a boy to go in dots with me would that be gay(On his part) ??? 
Y cant people understand English is not my subject !!! 
At frankies with UB . Having more fun then i thought . 
Our dorm room keys are $75 . Bria lost her key Monday . I lost my key today , we are roommates . How the ( BEEP ) are we going get in our room ! 
Upward bound is a trip !!!! We get trouble everyday all day !!!! 
We are on lockdown and havin more fun then when we are not !!! 
OMG got in trouble again !!! \ 
I see how Corderro feel when he want people to get ran over by a bus . I just dont want them to get hurt !! 
Can a ipod get a virus ? 
Dont ever get Wing Zone < PROPFEMALE > Wings !!! 
At the senion citizen center . 
At the UB cookout !!! 
Watching < PROPMALE > Songz !!!! 
On the way to the Atl . Im so cold and my back is hurtin on this bus !!! 
Finally made it to the ATL !!! 
I just got 4 shirts from Aeropostale for $21.60 !!! 
At the coca cola factory ! 
I'm ready to go back to sleep . HURRY UP !!! 
Watching Deadly Honeymoon !!! 
Need to get up an clean up but i think i'm going take a lil nap first ! 
ME : Welcome to my sex room ( singing to my g\\nma)\\nGRANDMA : Yo ugly self\\nME : ohh no grandma am i ugly\\nGRANDMA : Haha nooo u a beautiful young girl .. 
watching the fireworks 
My stomach hurtin from last night . 
I so wanna take a nap !! 
When I Was In The Bound ................. WE WENT LOCO !!!!!! 
When I Was In The Bound ........................... WE WENT LOCO !!!! 
This is going be a long day ? 
< PROPFEMALE > glad I don't have to wake up this early no more for UB . 
What stores has a sell today ? 
Sitting in this house with Brie & < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
At kings dominion with UB . 
Im so tired an only rode 2 rides !! 
Washington is so pretty at night !!! 
Im ready to go back to this hotel an take a nice nap !!! 
me bria b . and bria s . is about to have a pillow fight in the hotel room ... 
I'm like so ready to go to this mall and they are procrastinating 
that boat cruise was funnier then i thought !!!!! 
Family is a trip . 
I'm so mad right now .... i want my hair died too :-( 
Can't sleep watchin Friday After Next 
Watching Bad Girls Club Miami 
WatchingThe Wood !!! 
Should I make an ooVoo ? I want to then I don't!! 
Had fun tonight waiting for everybody to leave now so i can go to bed . 
Just watch Grown Up now Im watching Jet < PROPMALE > !! 
I can't find my IPOD I think somebody stole it Friday night !! 
Been at this hospital since Tuesday with < PROPFEMALE > . At least I stay entertained . 
Just waking up from my nap . Now wat am i going to do all night ? An i have something to do tomorrow !! 
Can't go to sleep so I'm watching Drumline ! 
AWWW I miss AJ and Free 
Watching these stories is pissing me off . If your trying to hide a secret why would you keep repeating it ? 
I love the T.O show . Terrel an Kita is so funny !!! 
Eating some crab legs , sausage , potatoes and corn !! Well they eating the corn . An i want want some more but I'm full . 
Watching LMN ..... Underage and out of control ! 
Why can't I find a job ? Marble Slab is tripping . 
Man I wanna go out tonight but I'm tired . 
I can't stop looking at his hair . 
I want to go to sleep and I can't this is making me mad . : - 
There is some < PROPMALE > haters on project runway . That is not cool . 
I had one of the best dreams EVER !!!!! An now I can't stop thinking about it . 
Playing 2600 with < PROPFIRST > , Jsamine , and Brie . Trying to figure out whats going on tonight . 
I wasn't at school all week somebody tell me what happened today plz ... 
BOYY FLOCKA ...... UMMM !!!! 
I'm so mad < PROPFEMALE > is not on the Real Housewives of Atl anymore . 
I don't feel like going back to school to do this test . 
At this place for hopefully the last freaking time !!! 
Somebody rescue me from Ms. Webb class . 
School today is boring !!! 
I got the best freakin phone call ever !!!! SO HAPPY NOW :-) !!!! 
Just got home and headed right back out . Tomorrow I'm resting !!! 
I'm riding with a person that just hit a car an sped off ... LOL NO NAMES !!!! 
OMG now i just got the best visit every . This week starting off great .... all smiles ;-) 
< PROPFEMALE > I guess < PROPMALE > Hights and < PROPFIRST > XY ain't coming on anymore . :-( 
Okay I'm in line an this boy infront of me is so cute . Maybe I'll ride with him :-) 
When I leave for college my whole identity is changing an only a few people will know . 
FWD : < PROPFIRST > Bimer just taught < PROPFEMALE > how to duggy ! Too funny ! - < PROPFEMALE > Thompson 
I was about to cry . I thought I lost my battery in my phone . 
On the way to take the SAT . 
Getting ready to watch desperate housewives and go to bed . 
Sitting is this boring class being aggravated by < PROPFIRST > 
I know Im late but that reunion was freaking crazy !!! Now I really can't wait until Tuesday . 
I think someone should bring me a big momma an some cookie & cream ice cream !!! 
I got my big mama . Now i can go to bed :-) 
One more day !!! ;-) 
Thank everyone for the birthday wishes . 
I got three bestfriends : NyQuil , my bed , an my fan !! An they never let me down ... except the fan sometimes but i still love him !!! 
It's funny looking at people flirt . 
I finally got the niece I've been waiting for . Now I'm ready for her to come home !! 
Bad Girls Club on DON'T NO BODY CALL ME !!!! 
I think I'm happy about this walk tomorrow !! 
Where can i get some leather thigh high boots from ? 
Suppose to be sleep but killers got my attention . 
Only two things comes out a mans mouth a burp an a lie 
I only like the cold weather when i can get in my bed under the covers an watch LMN i can't wait till friday . 
Watching \Christmas Cupid\ " ..... I like so far !!! " 
I could have stayed in my bed today !!! 
Watching NCIS an it is good !! 
If i get the Sims 3 can i buy a car on there or do i need the expansion pack ? 
Just watched Pretty Little Liars now The Creglist killer 
Watching Southland 
Like who is watching the game ? 
Do u have to like sumbody to have sex wit dem ??? 
Playin this MJ game an cant get pass two stars 
If i ask to borrow money how you going tell me what i can and can't spend it on . 
At < PROPMALE > E Cheese with the kids 
Can somebody please tell me how to get ringtones on this incredible . 
Omg I can send certain people to voicemail on this phone .... I love it !!! 
Bout to see Scream 4 an go to Applebees with the bestie . 
Trying to finish up this project 
What website can i download a music video from ? 
Thought Friday would take forever to get here but its coming quick !! 
Im bout to kill < PROPFEMALE > Simmons taking Pictures on my Phone . 
Hey quana , u had a very fat asz today ... ilove it ! [ hackd . ] 
FACEBOOK JUST RELEASED THEIR PRICE GRID FOR MEMBERSHIP . $9.99 PER MONTH FOR GOLD MEMBER SERVICES , $6.99 PER MONTH FOR SILVER MEMBER SERVICES , $3.99 PER MONTH FOR BRONZE MEMBER SERVICES , FREE IF YOU COPY AND PASTE THIS MESSAGE BEFORE MIDNIGHT TONIGHT . WHEN YOU SIGN ON TOMORROW MORNING YOU WILL BE PROMPTED FOR PAYMENT INFO ... IT IS OFFICIAL IT WAS EVEN ON THE NEWS . FACEBOOK WILL START CHARGING DUE TO THE NEW PROFILE CHANGES . IF YOU COPY THIS ON YOUR WALL YOUR ICON WILL TURN BLUE AND FACEBOOK WILL BE FREE FOR YOU . PLEASE PASS THIS MESSAGE ON IF NOT YOUR ACCOUNT WILL BE DELETED 
