is roasting some soy-garlic glazed turkey legs and listening to The Guitar Trio . 

has reached the point where bad news no longer surprises him . This is both a good thing and a bad thing . 
is not at all tired . 
hates hearing jokes when he is exhausted because he never knows if they will be funny should he choose to retell them at some point in the future . 
spent the majority of this afternoon being all passy-outty . 
has a demanding week planned . 
already went on a bike ride of decent length , cooked , ate , and played with weapons . He doesn't know what to do with himself now . 
woke up this morning without a need for a jaunty eye patch . He even spent all morning and most of the afternoon without a need for a jaunty eye patch . Unfortunately , the day did not end before he started needing a jaunty eye patch . 
is grouchy . 
is tired of being a pirate . 
has been less bored than he is now . 
awoke much earlier than intended . 
knows it doesn't matter whether he wins or loses . What matters is how he handles never winning . 
is sitting around waiting for it to be the end of August . 
saw what could only have been a badger on his bike ride tonight . He is pretty sure we don't have badgers here , but there is nothing else it could have been . It had to have been a badger . 
has decided to actually make a bad decision on purpose . For those just tuning in , this never happens . 
is going to be pretty hard to get ahold of until Sunday afternoon . 
is going to be pretty hard to get ahold of for the next couple of weeks actually . 
: In my high school yearbook you told me to stay cool . I stayed cool . 
has fully recovered from his morning grogginess , and is now doing a whole lot of nothing . This is going to be a slow day methinks . 
is pretty tired . 
gets to play tennis with his family later today . 
is neither smooth nor a criminal , so he is certainly not a smooth criminal . 
is pool tired . You know what I mean . 
doesn't know what his status should say . 
enjoys his life . 
wishes he had bought some popsicles . 
had a great night's sleep . 
dropped a desk on the tendon that connects his ankle to the top of his foot . Butterfingers . 
has a pretty uneventful today planned and there is nothing he can do about it . * grumble grumble grumble * 
has decided to take all the facebook quizzes . 
took a surprise nap and now has a bunch of energy . 
had a fat guy day , but he had some surplus healthy guy days so he doesn't feel too bad about it . 
is almost broke , but under the circumstances is surprised he made it this long on what he had . 
is pretty glad his talents are diverse . 
is wishing he could just have his degree right now . 
is frustrated this morning . 
is in a better mood this evening . 
forgot that he was allergic to Tennessee , and is nearing the worst part of the reacclimation . 
is going to go eata pita . 
awoke with that certain special hit-by-a-truck feeling . Stupid Tennessee , making me instantly sick upon return . 
slept in for longer than he has in quite some time today . 
has three days to write his first article . He thinks he's gonna make it . 
is killing time until it is later . 
cannot find his shoes . It is a lost shoes kind of day . 
has a new status . This is it . 
is looking forward to some football tonight . 
rediscovered a preoccupation with ambassadorial hedgerows . 
had to remove his status because it was getting too weird . 
hates Adobe Acrobat Reader ! 
was all ready to do something he hates doing , he had his motivation hat on and everything , then when he went to start he realized he didn't have everything he needed to do it and now has to wait until another day . BLAST ! 
is full and tired . 
is awake and has stuff to do . 
is stressed . 
is no longer stressed . 
needs to atone for being a glutton yesterday , but might not get around to it because he is tired and has a lot of laundry to do . 
needs to find a box spring that isn't ludicrously expensive or figure out how to build one or jerry-rig one . 
is less than fourteen hours away from seeing < PROPFEMALE > ! And what a busy and annoying fourteen hours it shall be . 
is spending the day with a pretty girl . 
has a good feeling about the Titan rookies after last night . 
is spending yet another consecutive day with a pretty girl . Hurrah for consecutive days with pretty girls ! 
is looking at a pretty boring Tuesday , especially in comparison to the past few days . 
has a different status now . 
is really hungry . 
has a cut on his eyelid . He doesn't know how it got there , but it itches like the dickens . 
has to live off sour cream and cheddar ruffles and beef brisket for the next two days . Men have suffered worse fates . 
can't remember the last time he had this much energy and felt this good ! Sleeping on the world's most comfortable bed , being out of the world's most allergen filled house , and being in love with his amazing girlfriend suit him well . 
really wants to play < PROPFEMALE > Wars : The Old Republic after watching a twenty minute demo of it . 
is criminally bored . 
made too much spaghetti , and consequently he ate too much spaghetti . 
keeps on making too much food . He is bad at gauging how much his ingredients will make when he puts them together . 
has seen better days . 
has seen worse days . 
got to school too early and is sitting around waiting for his classes to start . 
did not sleep well . 
actually studied tonight , but not for school . Figure that one out < PROPFEMALE > . Yes , I am addressing < PROPFEMALE > . Oh man , I need to go to bed . 
just ate two sandwiches that contained a combined 600 calories and over 100% of his daily protein and fiber needs because he is the nutrition < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > I say . < PROPMALE > . 
hurt his hamstring somehow , and now it is all achey . 
' s hamstring feels better now . Must have been a glitch . 
is chilly . 
is in accounting , learning how to put < PROPFIRST > into accounts . 
is kind of grumpy . 
is tired now . 
is just chilling , probably gonna watch some football later . 
is glad that everyone else hates Kanye West as much as he does now . 
is reading his financial systems book , and not much enjoying it . 
is running late , which makes his decision to update his facebook status now seem like an odd choice . 
is in a pretty bad mood now . 
is feeling better after lunch and a < PROPFEMALE > nap . 
just realized he doesn't consider ducks and chickens birds . 
' s bike chain got jammed and he missed his first classes of the year , but he made it to week three . That's pretty good , right ? 
fixed his bike chain and the rain stopped . Things are looking up ! Off to class . 
has decided which netbook shall complement his powerhouse desktop . Now he just needs to find a way to finance both before his laptop asplodes . 
is less congested and his throat doesn't hurt at all and he's not sneezing , yet he feels worse . At least he has his big doofy red poncho to keep him dry . 
is almost healthy , and he's already performing at peak efficiency . 
just did three days of work in three hours because he is a champion . A champion . 
is almost at 100% . 
actually has a lot to do today , and his rampant procrastination isn't helping at all . 
is dreading today , and needs to stop sleeping on his side . 
made garlic schezwan chicken over a bed of brocolli and cheddar rice for lunch because he is weird and occassionally does that sort of thing . 
is running out of ways to waste time until his next test starts . 
is going to be late to class , but for a good reason . 
wants 1,000 chessecakes . 
is plum tuckered out . 
can't decide whether he should start < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > or < PROPFIRST > Evans in his fantasy football league . 
is feeling good . 
is engaged . Yay engagement ! 
' s facebook account got hacked . Please ignore anything he has posted on your wall about healthy colons or losing weight . 
is tired , but through great effort has managed to get most of the things he would normally do over the weekend done already so he can rest . 
is going to spend the weekend being responsible and getting ahead , and while he's not happy about it it is going to save him a bunch of headache later . 
is < PROPMALE > Colliver . 
sang the ghostbusters theme last night and now he is being haunted . As it turns out , ghosts do not appreciate it when you sing songs boasting you are not afraid of them . 
is going in late today . 
has been exhausted all day and is still exhausted . So , of course , he can't sleep , because that is the kind of life he leads . 
is going to have to man up and champion his way through this day . This isn't going to be fun . 
' s carry-on bag is pink ... 
found a carry-on bag that isn't pink . This makes him happy . 
needs to take a break from eating . 
is using his laptop in a public place . This is an unusual occurance . 
is not enthused about this whole school thing today . 
had his bike stolen . The back breaks were shot , the drive train was messed up , and if you shift to the seventh gear the chain falls off of the thing and gets jammed between the wheel and the body , but it got stolen anyway . Today is depressing . 
actually has a lot to do tomorrow . This week is already rough , and it is only monday . 
can't sleep , because that would make things too easy . 
is sitting in this living room , watching television and texting his fiancée . 
loves < PROPFEMALE > Crouse . 
was literally one yard away from winning his fantasy football game , but a tie is better than a loss . 
is learning that poverty is the best diet plan . 
literally has no reason to leave his apartment until monday afternoon and literally has no homework or anything else to do in that time . Blech . 
is glad he got registered for classes before pipeline exploded . 
has ladybugs . 
does not wish to complete his required tasks today . 
is in a class that is a gigantic waste of his time . 
has a post about < PROPFEMALE > visiting ! Yay < PROPFEMALE > visiting ! 
is disgusted by Twilight's box office success . 
won't be taking his first actuarial exam for over four months , but he feels pretty confident that if he had to take it today he'd pass it . 
has little to no motivation to do even half of the things he needs to do . He is also out of deoderant that works , which is less than desirable . 
misspelled deodorant in his status and it has been up all day . This bothers him more than it should . 
feels terrible , but in spite of that he will still do the rest of his INFS for the entire semester , compile a sixteen < PROPFEMALE > paper , finish one and one half chapters ' worth of accounting homework , and still get it all done in time for Scrubs tonight because he is awesome . 
grossly underestimated how long it takes to assemble a 16 < PROPFEMALE > paper , which ended up being an 18 < PROPFEMALE > paper , but the thing is done . So is all of INFS except the take-home test he was given today . Accounting will have to wait until tomorrow morning , or at least later tonight . Ack ! 
just saw a commercial that warned him not to attempt to put a saddle on a tiger . Clearly that commercial does not know that he does what he wants . 
, when he was a lad , he ate four dozen eggs every morning to help him get large . And now that he's grown he eats five dozen eggs , so he's roughly the size of a barge . 
is awake , and because he is awake he is watching < PROPMALE > , because what else is one who is awake at 3 am to do ? 
is going to lose his fantasy football game today . 
has stuff to do that he does not want to do . 
is tired of doing stuff . It has been a long while since he has had so much busy work to bother with , especially at the end of a semester . 
thinks Ndamukong Suh should win the Heisman . That guy is a monster . 
just realized it has been over a year since he had a hot pocket . 
has learned of a confirmed , photographed , and reported on unidentifiable spiral of light in the sky over Norway . He's hoping for aliens , in spite of that fact that they think it is just the Russians up to something they won't admit to . 
is watching a VH1 review of 2009 special , and , seeing it all together like this , as of twelve minutes in he is not pleased with the direction culture is headed . 
could probably eat at least three feet of a six foot party sub right now . 
is done with another six classes and has another six As . Ho-hum , time for a break then six more . 
capped off the day with a little boogie boarding action and admiring the sunset . 
is updating his status for the first time in weeks . Weird . 
is feeling kind of blech . 
is starting a seven week reconditioning program . At the end it will be the three year anniversary of the beginning of his weight loss , and he intends to weight the least he ever has and be in the best condition he has ever been . 
' s freaking laptop is on its way to death town . Faulty USB , sometimes it starts sometimes it won't , memory issues . < PROPFEMALE > sigh , he fears it must be replaced . 
set up his semesterly budget , unpacked his clothes from holiday , and ordered a new laptop all before 10 am . Write it down folks , this is the most produtive morning he has ever had . 
has decided to retire his hatred of the Baltimore Ravens . Let's go purple and black ! 
needs a cutting board . 
hates < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > day . 
is about ready for bed . Long day tomorrow . 
can't sleep . Well haven't these past few days just been unicorns and rainbows ? 
is ready for his big problem to go away . 
is awake . 
is chronically annoyed . It is a painful affliction . 
watched pokemon this morning because he is a strange kind of grownup . 
is awake in the middle of the night . * grumble grumble grumble * 
has a stomach ache . 
is multitasking , but not in a productive way . 
is tired . 
needs to stop chronically procrastinating on his dance homework , but man is he not very interested in reading a twenty < PROPFEMALE > article . 
shaved before laying down for bed . Five blade close , five blades filleting his thumb . 
is doing alright considering the hour and how much sleep he got . 
' s hardest class is dance appreciation in spite of the fact that he's also in < PROPMALE > level stats , law , insurance , and finance classes . This displeases him . 
wants to thank you all for the birthday wishes . 
is updating his status with great fervor . 
is procrastinating like a champion . He even took a nap . Too bad he did so from nine to ten at night . 
finished his paper , but did not finish falling asleep . 
is laying in bed with no particularly great < PROPFEMALE > to leave it this morning . 
rabble rabble rabble 
doesn't understand why his status didn't change up top when he changed his status . 
is warm and sleepy . 
does not feel very good , cannot sleep , and misses < PROPFEMALE > . Tonight is no good . 
can't get full . 
is awake but has no great < PROPFEMALE > to be . 
is up and trying to decide what to do with himself today . 
feels like crap . 
thinks he's been poisoned .... by food ! 
blargh ! 
needs to buy $70 worth of calculators . He also needs to stop being sick and sleep . 
does not care what Tiger Woods has to say , what his problems are , or about anything to do with him really . 
is updating his firmware . 
is done updating his firmware . 
has noticed he has become more susceptible to advertisements recently . 
can't get back to sleep . 
misses football . 
ate the best sandwich he has ever eaten today . 
really wants to see Copout . 
left for the gym about three hours ago . It was 55 and the sun was out . He checked the doppler , no rain in the default window . He checked the forecast , 20% < PROPMALE > of rain . Seemed safe . He put on shorts and a T-shirt and rode his bike to the gym . He is now home from the gym . It is 35 and raining . FML 
is having bratwurst and tea for breakfast . This is a weird breakfast . 
really wishes he hadn't woken back up . 
is pretty sure his sleep is broken . 
wants a pet . 
enjoyed yet another day of not writing that dance paper that is going to be terrible to write . 
took a nap from 9:20 until now . Frack . 
doesn't expect that today will be great . 
is eating a delicious spring salad . 
is only 25 hours away from < PROPFEMALE > Crouse ! 
is ready to be married to < PROPFEMALE > Crouse now please . 
is oversick and undermotivated . Hopefully this rectifies itself before tomorrow or tomorrow will be a very long day . 
is chillin ' out , maxin ' , relaxin ' all cool and sitting around after 12 hours of school . 
registered for his actuarial exam and bought his calculators . 
is glad he had vandy getting eliminated next round and not in several rounds . 
is hungry and could really go for some meat . Stupid no meat march . 
has already consumed 2/3rds of his daily calories and he is filled with enormous energy . The only option now is to go to the gym and obliterate himself . 
has got to admit that he doesn't hate having an endless stream of basketball games . 
has been having trouble sleeping lately . Troublesome . 
' s bracket is through . 
guess whose bracket is about to get exploded ? That's right , everyones . 
, speaking as an uninsured poor American , is pissed off that the healthcare < PROPMALE > passed . 
is awake , and not happy about it . 
is strong enough to bend , like the < PROPMALE > , but not snap , like the < PROPFEMALE > kat . 
is pretty happy that today's low is the same as yesterday's high . 
is annoyed when he finds a new show he likes then every time he sees it on tv it is endlessly the same three episodes out of hundreds of possible ones . 
is w-w-w-w-wasting time . 
is not a fan of the fact that he only got 6 hours of sleep last night and he worked out for three hours today and he still manages to not be able to sleep . 
woke up at 7:50 rjfnmdejwwejlmn ! 
Is going to study in 4 half hour bursts today instead of just sitting down and studying two hours like usual . 
is going to make make cheesy veggie sausage and potato soup for dinner . It is going to be yummy . 
is up late for no good reason . 
just looked at the forecast . It's finally supposed to be nice for more than one day in a row ! Grand Huzzah ! 
is only five hours away from the end of the day , and less than 24 away from < PROPFEMALE > Crouse ! 
is tired of the times when < PROPFEMALE > has to leave . 
63 degrees at 7 am ? Looks like somebody flipped the summer switch instead of the spring switch . 
was really cold and now he is really hot . 
is poorly managing his time today . 
hates it when his body decides that just because he didn't workout today he is not going to be allowed to sleep . Stupid rest days . 
does not feel great . 
is watching Card Sharks . Awesome . 
got some chocolate on his finger while he was using his computer . It rubbed off on the M key . When he went to clean it it typed mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm . Win . 
passed his first practice exam . This is promising . 
spilled yogurt everywhere . It is now cleaned up , but he's not going to make it to his first class . Oh well . 
is not particularly motivated to do anything . 
will be playing the part of an insomniac this evening . His portrayal of the role is flawless . 
has to go to a dance recital and does not want to go to a dance recital . 
has 129,345 things to do tomorrow . 
still has 103,476 things left to do . Today is not fun . 
only has 25,869 things left to do . He might make it ! 
does in fact have blood stains on the carpet , but he can assure you he was neither hit by , nor struck by , a smooth criminal . 
could really go for some jolly ranchers . 
if we can put an ear on a mouse's back we can certainly make a peacock immortal . 
is grieving the only way he knows how : potato chips , < PROPFEMALE > , and a bottle of expensive beer . Tomorrow will be a brighter day , but tonight I am sad . 
is tired of all the thunderbolts and lightening and very very frightening things . 
got his status eaten . 
is burnt out on studying . 
has somehow gotten on a 19-hours awake/5 hours asleep schedule and he does not much care for it . 
is eating dinner in green bay before heading back to Waukesha . 
is coming back from Saint < PROPFIRST > tomorrow , only to return to Saint < PROPFIRST > 40 hours later to prepare for internship : day 1 . 
is settled in st. < PROPFIRST > and ready to start work tomorrow . 
is tired , but he loves his internship . 
passed his first actuarial exam on his first attempt . No more studying for a while . Boo studying . Hurray beer ! 
thinks being a grown-up is pretty good . He could get used to it . 
is posting from his new phone . Hurry new phone ! 
loves having Pandora on his phone . 
leads a fun , dynamic , and fulfilling existence . 
feels extra awful . 
drove his car from one place to another place . Drove HIS car . He hasn't been able to say that in years . 
beat the system today . Take that the system ! 
just ran a 30,000 trial simulation , based purely on random < PROPFIRST > , and all of his results came back broken because not one trial came back successful . ZOMG ! 
doesn't have to go to work until noon today . Weird . 
thinks you should go see < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim . 
is a lowly college student once more . 
Ugh , six o'clock comes early nowadays . 
is not impressed by people who walk around the business building carrying unicycles . 
just applied for his first professional job . Strange . 
is awake in the middle of the night again . He needs to quit this . 
' What's on [ my ] mind' ? Facebook , you want to know ' what's on [ my ] mind' ? I'll tell you what's on my mind . Football . Football is on my mind . 
is pleased by the two game losing streaks the Colts and Cowboys are on . 
wishes he was in line waiting to pick up his copy of Halo : Reach right now instead of lying in his bed getting ready for a ten hour school day tomorrow . 
is already not pleased with this day . 
had the thought , perhaps for the first time ever , ' It would be better to get up early than stay up late . ' Weird . 
is sitting in the grass on the side of the road . A lot to do , but no place to go . 
needs to get to feeling better , then get back in the game , then catch up to the game . Right now he is losing the game . 
sometimes has surreal hyper-aware moments where he thinks about the fact that he is a consciousness within a human body , with the ability to control it and move it around , and that everyone else is the same thing just a little too hard and it weirds him out . 
is managing to operate in Operations Management . 
wants a Halloween costume . 
is doomed . At least for today . 
is moving slow , but doesn't feel as awful as he has for the past few days . 
wants NBA 2K11 for the Playstation 3 , a desk lamp with a bendy neck , and for his ADHD to leave him alone so he can get some stuff done ( like homework and sleep ) . 
has awoken feeling more refreshed and rested than he has in weeks and is ready to seize the day . Too bad this happened at 3:45 in the freaking morning . 
is going to bed soon . 
has completed one-third of the stuff he has to complete before he gets to sleep . Curses . 
needs to hurry up . 
is definitely not driving through that magic swamp again . 
Duel of the Fates just came up on my Pandora radio station . Approved . 
snowflakes are beautiful . That is all . 
Dr. Claw has a pretty good idea this time , let's see if it works out for him . 
You can see your nose at all times , but your brain usually chooses to ignore it . Think about that . 
is never sitting < PROPMALE > McFadden again , that's for sure . 
actually has a vague interest in the World Series this year . 
does not feel well . 
Night walk , night walk , whatchu gonna do ? Whatchu gonna do when I go on you ? 
wants jolly ranchers . Too bad he is too giant and balding to pass for an 8 year old . 
has the flexibility of a 20 year old golfer . 
Chlorine is not Argon . That is an illusion . Like a dress ! Argon is like Neon . Neon is happy , like billionaire , with full outer shell . 
is eating alligator in the same place Master P and < PROPFEMALE > Parks did . 
cannot focus . 
is insomnia . 
could go for some dunkaroos . 
has put on his drinking shirt . 
slept fantastically . 
is wiggy for Thiggy . 
has difficulties with Monday nights . 
if today had a face I would punch it . 
will be in a theater watching < PROPMALE > Potter in 10 hours . 
is watching Iron Chef < PROPFEMALE > Thanksgiving Showdown . Go Cat and Masaharu ! ( Of course , this episode is two years old so the winners were long ago decided , but it is new to me ! ) 
has been having wicked sleeping problems these past few days . 
he's the < PROPMALE > of the dregs with minus three legs . 
did not make good fantasy football decisions today . 
is not pleased that his sleeping problems continue , but at least there is more of a reason tonight . 
Tuesdays are out to get me . 
are the Jacksonville Jaguars actually a good team ? 
is super hungry , just like he is every time < PROPFEMALE > leaves town . 
cannot remember a time in recent memory when he has been less motivated . 
cannot believe how much studying he has done today already . Before dinner even ! 
To\ 
all my facebook friends - change your profile pic to a cartoon from \ 
your childhood . The purpose is not to have a single face on facebook \ 
until Dec 6th , but an invasion of memories supporting the fight against \ 
child abuse . 
spent all day studying , now he is going to work on some homework before bed . He is a nerd . 
predicts that tonight is going to be one of those nights . 
needs warm socks . 
went to sleep too early , obviously . 
has had a strange schedule this past 24 hours , even for him . 
sleep 4.5 hours , awake 8 hours , sleep 4.5 hours , awake 8 hours , sleep 2 hours , awake 5 hours , sleep 3.5 hours , awake ???. 
is at the Argosy Casino . 
is wondering why there is an \Entering Kansas City\ " sign like once every mile in Kansas City . " 
4 am is an ugly hour to start a day . 
airplanes moving around on the ground kind of look like wild animals moving around . 
is in San < PROPFIRST > . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > better watch out or I'm going to challenge and school him at a game of the old leather pumpkin . 
likes Texas because spicy food is actually spicy . 
woke up on an island today , then walked out on the second floor balcony to look at the ocean . Pretty good morning thus far . 
is in a car on a boat . 
holy cats , I just saw a dolphin in the wild ! 
went for a refreshing morning walk on the beach . Nothing like that salty air and cool water on my feet . Hurray vacation ! 
ate wild oranges today . 
kayaking right next to dolphins is surreal . 
has been offered and accepted his post-graduation job . Company #31 on the Fortune 500 is not too shabby a starting point . 
Seattle Seahawks are you freaking kidding me ? 
is typing this in using swype . Weird , but it is pretty interesting . 
my sleep is broken , but Cake's new album is pretty awesome . Their sound is a bit different now , but I can still dig it . 
ow my hip . 
drank more than he intended to . Tomorrow is going to be rough . 
begins his new diet regimen tomorrow , and resumes studying for his actuarial exam . 
has made a spinach , mushroom , and grilled chicken omelet and begun boiling lentils for later in the day already , and it isn't even 6 yet . This morning has been a very productive accident . 
thinks 275% of his daily fiber in a day might be too much fiber . 
is going to bed early tonight because he woke up so early today . He hopes this doesn't turn him into a morning person . 
Did I really just see a BJ Raji pick-6 ? 
tried to go to sleep , but then he woke up . 
was going to make coffee , but then he forgot . 
sleep times now . 
hasn't been able to sleep for more than 5.5 hours all week , which is annoying , but does provide him with surprise free time . 
is not being very productive so far today . 
is obviously broken , so to fix it he is going to use his old standby : staying awake until he passes out . 
just read a life history , expected future , and psychological profile he had to write for a psychology class in his first semester of college way back in 2004 . Wowzers , the difference seven years make , eh ? 
is in Atlanta . 
Wow , the Black-Eyed Peas are awful at this . 
Thanks all for the birthday wishes all ! :) 
it is fracking miserable outside . 
has awoken at roughly 85% health ! Now if only he could do something about his chapped nose . 
my computer is not strong enough to do my homework assignment . Frak . 
the Barenaked Ladies are triple platinum . Are you ? 
DJ turn it up , it's about damn time to live it up . I'm so sick of being so serious , it's making my brain delirious . 
hopes popular music continues to move in the dubstep direction . 
is once again awake at times he should be asleep . 
Can . Not . Focus . 
must own Cee-lo's outfit from the Grammy's . 
US Freaking Marshals , yes , necessary . 
gives himself the rest of the day off whenever there are bombs or guns in the building where all his classes are . Now today is a day off . 
These next two days are going to be hell . 
actually soothed his ADHD monster enough to study for four straight hours with no break . Now is the time for a break . 
Hates hates hates exams . Not those bologna school exams , real exams . 
bugger all . 
broke one of his toe nails all the way across the middle . Ungood . 
< PROPFIRST > Kosar is a great name for a dog . 
has his window . 
just found a pair of 32x34 pants in his dresser . He is so confused right now . 
has not done himself any favors in his handling of this evening . 
might actually be able to catch up on sleep tonight if his body will cooperate . 
put the pro in procrastinate . 
wtf thunderstorm ? 
flip mode ya'll . 1998 ya'll . 
has a subungual hematoma . That sounds a lot worse than it actually is . 
this morning is a bad morning . 
On days when I get hit by a car I like to call it a day early , sit in a comfy chair , light up a cigar , and listen to some jazz . 
I win here , I win there . Now what ? 
wants some bar-b-cue 
just went all < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on this karaoke bar . 
is tired of looking at blank trees . Make with the spring already . 
Sundays ARE just for watching football . Screw you McDonald's commercial . 
has another round of the crud . Going to go tomorrow morning and sweat it out . 
a lot of my friends have statuses about smells today . 
These cough drops aren't cough drops at all ! 
has never spent much time in < PROPMALE > before . He just saw a house so nice he literally choked on the air . 
There are two things I know about white people . They love Matchbox 20 and they are terrified of curses . 
REAL ice cream ? Donut Kastle ! A Sonic you can go inside ?! 
has things that he has to do that he doesn't want to do . He also has things he could do that he doesn't want to do . Today is not going to be very productive . 
today is an ' ugh ' day . 
Well , today was a giant waste of time . 
is going to be up all night . 
Look at your status . Now back to mine . Now back to yours . Now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down . Back up . Where are you ? ......... You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like ! Anything is possible when your Facebook status looks like this one ... 
is not sure how to best use his time this evening . 
does not appreciate having Iron Chef interrupted for all this tornado nonsense . 
Fun , fun , thinking about fun , you know what it is ! 
this has been the best ncaa tournament I've ever paid attention to . 
feels like a fatty for not working out this evening , but is too sleepy and unmotivated to swing it tonight . 
Holy cats , Bulls and Celtics game 6 of the 2009 NBA conference quarterfinals is coming on ESPN Classic in a couple of hours . Plans = Rewritten . 
is now watching Wrestlemania . 
wow , that is a **** ton of rain . 
