I'm a mother-in-law ! :-) 

is ready for vacation . How many more days ??? 
Is it July 7th yet ??? I'm ready for vacation . 
so , I thought that riding a motorcycle is the best feeling ever . Now I know that driving one is even better . :-) 
it's finally July ! 
is on vacation !!!! 
is home ! 
is officially becoming Maw Maw . I just cleaned my fridge & freezer and it's July . Now all I have to do is rearrange the furniture . :-) 
Thanks everyone for all of the birthday wishes . Much appreciated . Can't wait to taste the food < PROPMALE > cooks tonight - his latest original . :-) 
Ugh - it feels like Fall ...... we know what that means . 
Ah , 150 < PROPMALE > on the bike - good food , good friends , good Biker Sunday . What more could you ask for ? 
Wedding planning week ..... getting the kids settled . 
Repeat after me - I will not wear a jacket , I will not wear a jacket , I will not .... 
is on vacation ! Not back until Sept . 12th or 13th . 
is home !! Great vacation !! 
Last day at Akron General - we're movin ' on up to the East side of < PROPMALE > - going to work at < PROPMALE > Clinic . 
should have worked overtime today , but went back to bed instead . :-( 
is glad there's this crazy little thing called ........ overtime . :-) 
Would someone please tell LeBron's mom it's NOT all about her ? And just what is she on ? Can't sit still and talks constantly . Ugh ! Now I know what it is about LeBron that I don't like .... 
It's your life , what ' ya gonna do ? The world is watching you . Everyday , the choices you make say what you are and who your heart beats for , it's an open door , it's your life ..... 
One month from today , I will officially be a mother-in-law . :-) 
Whew , bought the dress . Now I feel like I'm going to be ready for the wedding afterall . 
Yay ! < PROPFIRST>'s going to church with me this morning . And - it finally feels like Christmas is coming . NE Ohio finally decided to get some snow . Now , if it just cooperates and NOT give us a huge storm on New Years weekend ...... 
Hope everyone had a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
White - I know , boring ... 
Let it snow , let it snow ... 
Geaux Saints !! 
Say what ? Who dat ? When the Saints go marchin ' into the Superbowl !!! 
Woo hoo !! Who dat ? Yeah ! Geaux Saints !!! Dat's New Orleans for ya ! 
I don't want Monday to come ..... 
Happy Mardi Gras !!! Have fun for me ! 
I saw a little green grass in < PROPMALE > today , but that white stuff coming down quickly took it away again . :-( 
Can someone please tell Northeast Ohio spring is almost here ? 
Now I know why I'm tired of the snow . We had 37.2 inches in February . Ugh !!!! 
I need three more bricks and three more harnesses for farmville . Anyone able to help ? 
Saw green stuff coming up in the flower gardens today . Yippee !!! Spring IS on the way . 
Is it Friday yet ??? 
< PROPMALE > of snow ? no thanks .... 
SUNSHINE !!! 
In California !!! But almost over . :-( 
finally - the weekend !! 
My body hates me . Please make the painting stop !! :-( 
So , how tall can a weed get before it is no longer consider a weed ? I think some of those were trees ... 
Out of town family in for a visit .... priceless ; food to feed the crew .... $30 ; trip to the Akron Zoo ..... about $ 7,000 . Thanks Mother Nature . :-( 
He's JUST a man , getting paid WAY too much to play with a basketball ..... 
Tired of the heat and humidity , but I don't like the alternative . 
Here's comes the cool off . :-) 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . Especially my brother Darryll , who couldn't quite spell my name correctly . :-) Love you all !! 
Thanks for your prayers for my great-nephew . This is from my niece : surgery is over now , and all went great ... just waiting to get him settled in a room and then we can see him .. thanks for all your prayers 
Why can't the heat stay away ??? 
If you are receiving posts from me to have you go to a link about a picture of you or something else . Don't do it . I'm not sending them .... ? virus ??? 
z ..... z ..... z ..... z ..... z ..... Three day weekend , here I come . 
Life perspective - When the Game is Over , It All Goes Back in the Box ..... you can't take it with you . 
Great service ! Broke my heart , but that was the point ... 
I'm in love - I'm all shook up .... 
Three days of conferences coming up ..... need I say more ? 
FYI - \Yield\ " does NOT equal \ " Right of Way \"!!!" 
Whew , two nights without having to cook supper . Thanks < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > ... :-) 
Please pray for my mom today as she goes through heart surgery . 
Mom's\ 
surgery went very well . Both mitral and \ 
tricuspid valves were repaired - no need to replace them ! She'll be in ICU for a couple of days and in the hospital for about a week . Then - home to recuperate . Thanks for all of the prayers . 
Mom sat up from 5-8 am today and then walked around the nurses station . Says the pain isn't too bad . ( Could be the drugs ... haha ) Just dealing with some nausea today , but all-in-all doing well . 
Rough night for Mom . Praying today is better . 
From my sister : Eventful day for mom . The only things left in her chest are one drainage tube and wires for the temporary pacemaker . Yay ! Still having great difficulty with any movement if pain meds are not given regularly though . And her heart just will not beat fast enough on its own , so they're going to put in a permanent pacemaker , possibly Wednesday . 
Another update : Mom was finally able to get a little sleep last night , and today she is a new woman . Walked twice as far this morning as yesterday , joked with everyone who came in the room , and even refused her last dose of pain meds . What a difference a day makes . 
Latest update : We didn't see the truck that ran over Mom last night , but this morning she felt it . Oh well , good days and bad days , right ? She is downstairs having her pacemaker put in . She was very anxious about it all night/morning . Once it's done , I hope she can relax . 
Latest update : Mom got her pacemaker this morning ( yesterday ) and struggled all day with pain and weakness . Suddenly , she perked up - shortly before her doctor's visit late tonight - and she will be discharged tomorrow ! YAY !!! 
Whew ! What a week .... 
Wish I could buy some PTO time to go see my Momma ... 
Church 60th Anniversary Sunday . Should be a great day ! 
Rain , sleet , snow today - thanks < PROPMALE > ! Tell me again , why am I not the one that's retired ? Oh yeah , I still like to eat , have electricity , running water ...... 
< PROPFIRST > Hamilton , < PROPFEMALE > Hamill , < PROPFEMALE > Cohen , < PROPMALE > Gill , < PROPMALE > Paisley , < PROPFEMALE > Crow ..... pretty good night . :-) 
Thank you to all of our veterans ! Especially my brother < PROPMALE > and my nephew < PROPMALE > . 
There's nothing like going to dinner with your hubby at 11:30 pm . At least it's earlier than last weekend . 
How many more days til vacation ? 
One more day .... 
Vegas - here we come !!! Expecting a great time celebrating 25 wonderful years with my man . :-) 
Great vacation and 25th celebration !! Now , back to reality . :-( 
So , remind me - Why did I move here ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
It's Sunday , already ?? 
More snow in < PROPMALE > than in Cuyahoga Falls yesterday , and just the opposite today . Sure makes the drives home interesting . 
Confused .... frustrated .... 
So , why is it so much harder to find healthy meals that fit into a budget ? Shouldn't the stuff that's good for you be more affordable than the stuff that's bad for you ? Would certainly make you think twice about buying the bad stuff , wouldn't it ? 
