I need 1 can of paint to complete the new years < PROPFEMALE > deal in frontierille .... can anyone send me one I have sent s < PROPFEMALE > ral people a request ........ thanks I appreciate it . 

thanks for the paint everyone :) 
Heading to bed ...... Tuesdays are always hectic for me . 
I'm trying to catch on to this website , but here as late I seem to be brain dead , so please be patient ..... who ever came up with the phrase ( day off ) simply because they were not working at a job was definitely a man . I have done twice the work at home today and it was my only ( Day Off ) this week ...... lol . 
I'm sorry for not joining the farming frenzy that seems to be going on , on here but at the moment I just don't have the time . J.T. is getting ready to have surgery again . I have been so stressed out about it , that I only get on here for a few minutes when I can . Hopefully towards the end of April things will be alittle less hetic and I can enjoy being alittle more social . Love Ya All ! 
Please request pray for J.T. at church tomorrow ..... He is to have the surgery Monday morning and he will be out for about 6 hours ......... They got the blood today that was donated for him , so everything is ready for Monday . Thanks 
I want to thank everyone that was keeping J.T. in they're prayers . It was a hard day for all of us today ..... His surgery was only supposed to be 6 hours which is quite a long time for a 12 year old . He went in at 8am this morning and didn't get out until 6pm ....... Yes ( 10 hours ) when they called at the 6 hour time frame and said they would call again in 2 hours I about died ..... 
They said they were able to recycle his own blood for awhile but had to use 1 unit and still had the other on hold . I had to go out at the 8 hour < PROPFIRST > and have my own private nervous breakdown in the < PROPFIRST > when they said they still weren't done but he was stable ........ lol . 
Anyways we finally got to see him around 7pm the Dr. said that he did great he is staying in the recovery room overnight just as a precaution he is one tried little boy as am I . I'll try to get on later to tell more .......... Again thanks for the prayers . 
J.T. is not doing good . They have had to give him another unit of blood and the pain meds are causing alot of vomiting . Until his labs start looking better and the post-op swelling goes down they will keep him . This is our 13th day being here and we are all totally exhausted . So please keep him him your prayers that he gets to doing better so we can all go home ......... Love ya All 
First Off Happy Easter to Everyone ! Well I must have had some keeping J.T. in their prayers as he has done a complete 360 turnaround . His lab work is back to normal . They went an cut out ( windows ) on his cast and the post-op swelling is gone except for a little on his right foot . 
J.T. has not thrown up since Saturday late afternoon . If he his still good by tomorrow morning they plan on pulling the central line out and putting a pressure dressing on . Then they are doing labs again and an xray ......... IF after all that WITH EVERYTHING looking good we WILL get to go home . I'm keeping my fingers crossed . Love ya All 
We are home ..... Thanks to everyone for the prayers and encouragement , it meant alot . I posted a few pics . It is so good to be home , J.T. was so happy to be in his own bed as we will be too and that's where I'm heading . Night all and Love to ya all . 
Man how I have missed home ...... I didn't even mind doing the dishes and some laundry .... I was home . I even enjoyed unpacking everything because we were home . J.T. ate everything today and didn't whimper once .... I know he was happy to be home to .... home ..... home ...... home ....... there's no place like home ..... Can yea tell I'm happy to be home ........ lol 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new , I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which i'll never part . God has you in his arms , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have someone in heaven !!!!! 
Love is what makes our lives worthwhile several times . We feel valued and in better mental shape when we are with our loved ones despite sad and happy moments . It can’t be ignored that all of us want to feel loved . \Real loss only occurs when you lose something you love more than yourself \"" 
Get the farmville all in one vehicle with unlimited gas today ! Sorry guys this is a spam deal so don't bother with it !!!! 
Bedtime for me 
Everyone is out of fertilizer today , I'll try again later 
I tried that earlier but I had already sent everyone gifts so it wouldn't let me .... lol . It's ok there's always tomorrow . I have a habit of trying to send gifts out everyday . I need to stop that and wait and see what people need . 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives ... There's help out there if U need it , all U have to do is ask . 
TOO FUNNY : WARNING ! Facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor . To block , go to Kitchen Cabinets remove box of Aluminum Foil . Wrap foil around your head , stay calm & breathe through your left nostril . This is a serious problem & has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mama and ... her pet chihuahua . Copy and paste as your status & SAVE YOUR FRIENDS !! 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFIRST > in Heaven . I love you . Today is a hard day for me with Mothers day coming up . I buried my son 3 years ago today on his birthday May 7th . he would have been 28 today . I really miss him . I miss being a Mom . 
Happy Mothers Day to Everyone ! 
For a FB friend's daughter AUDRIN < PROPMALE > . Hold the family up in prayer today . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you dont know her , God knows ... Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl ( Please ... ) and God Bless you for doing it ! ( How could any mom NOT repost ? ) PRAY FOR THIS CHILD , please !!! 
If anyone needs anything on Farmville sent to them let me know ... I would really like somemore cows or whitewash fences . I will be happy to send back what you want . Thanks ! 
< PROPMALE > took JT back to St. < PROPFIRST > today , I was unable to take off work this time . They removed the cast he was in from having his double hip surgery in March . Tomorrow the Dr. will do x-rays to make sure everything is ok , if not he will go right back into another cast . They had to give him valium for pain and severe muscle spasms he was having afterwards . I won't know anymore until tomorrow . 
Also my oldest son and his wife and all my Grandkids are here , I am very very happy about that , I only get to see all of them once a year . I just wanted to let everyone know that I am not avoiding them , just very busy . 
I still need 3 horseshoes to finish my stable ....... Thanks everyone . 
I just wanted to let everyone know that JT is home and doing fine .... X-Ray was great , Hips are aligned ..... He went into a brace doing PT on him now ... DR wants to see him in a month again ...... The next trip will be our 11th trip to St. < PROPFIRST > in a year ...... I am praying after going thru all this he will be able to walk ...... that's what the goal is ..... 
Just wanted to tell everyone , I will be on again later this week , spent the last week with my kids and grandkids it was great being able to do things with them ........ not avoiding my farmville freinds just really tired ........ ttyal 
A USA military member is missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are saving lives , and taking names . It's Military Appreciation week .... Repost if you are Military , love a Military member , hold memories of a Fallen Hero or appreciate the Military . 
I saw this poem at work and wanted to pass it on ....... 
Our Gift to the Fallen\ 
by < PROPFIRST > Gragg \ 
For each soldier that has fallen so that many may stand\ 
We honor their spirit as they pass to God's hand\ 
For without their sacrifice we would live forever in fear\ 
We pray for their loved ones and provide a salute and a tear \ 
God help us heal the wounds of hate and the misery of war\ 
That is our gift to our fallen heroes that are amongst us no more . 
Night all , this will be me in the morning ! Just had a fight with my alarm clock . It wanted me to wake up , I disagreed . Things got violent . Now the alarm clocks broken and Im wide awake . Not sure who won . 
I only got on here tonight to help a friend finish a c o-o p job , I won't be on for a few days . 
Sunday my oldest son went back home to Cali , Monday I decorated my youngest sons grave and got into a BIG argument with my hubby , Today I woke up with the hives ..... I look like I got the measles on my hands , spine and chest I even have them in my ears and on my fingertips . I got to take a break 
I am still working on expanding my Horse stable .... I still need 1 brick ......... 1 harness ..... 4 horseshoes ........ and 3 boards ...... no nails ..... Thanks 
I need a few more farmville neighbors to unlock some items as I do not have enough .... I would like some suggestions if you know of anyone that also needs more\ 
friends ..... Thanks :) 
Thanks for all the friends suggestions ........ Appreciate the help !!!!!!! :) 
is going to meet two old friends , Pillow and Blanket . They know me well and can ALWAYS make me feel better . 4am comes early ...... GOOD NIGHT 
4am comes early but ....... only 2 more days till vacation ..... ahhhhhhhh 
Does anyone have any Artichokes to sell .... I can't seem to find any in the market on Farmville ? 
I need 5 more people to help with expansion ...... still just working on 1 barn ....... don't know how to repost it ...... help would be appreicated . 
I still need help with my barn ...... I reposted it but even messed that up ....... I still need 4 to help ...... Thanks ! 
Went on the Bloomberg Market Report for a moment and saw this ....... Zynga Game Network Inc ., the biggest provider of Facebook games , received a 13.5 billion < PROPFEMALE > ($147 million ) investment from Softbank Corp ; Zynga expects revenue of more than $450 million this year ...... maybe all of us should invest in their stock ....... LOL 
Is anyone else having problems of farmville or fronterville running slow ..... I'm going at the pace of a snail ? I can't even send requests out . 
does anyone need help with barns or such before I go off ..... I have to get up at 4am so turning in here in a sec but will help 
We take J.T. back tomorrow this is the 2nd trip after his Hip surgery ... I'm hoping they will be able to remove the braces he's in and he will be able to function without any casts or braces ... please remember him in your prayers 
Just got home .... This makes like around our 14th trip in a year to St. < PROPFIRST > to the Shriners Hosp . I think our < PROPFIRST > knows the way now ..... I appreciate all the prayers as he is cast and brace free ..... Yippee ! He has to wear pediatric knee immobilizers on both knees and still continue the P.T. o his hips , they also want him to start weight bearing as tolerated .. It was a great day ! 
Before I send out FARMVILLE & FRONTIERVILLE Gifts out .... let me know if there is something you want OR need ........ I will group the gifts together ..... later tonight ... so get your request in ! I don't mind ... 
Red Sky at night Sailors delight ....... The sky looks beautiful to the west now that the storms have past ..... 
Does anyone know how you compalin too about Farmville ? I have about had it .... I had expanded my nursey now it shows I still like parts ...... I only liked 1 brick completeing the Japanese Barn .... Now I like 3 boards .... 5 nails ...... and the icing on the cake I have aroud 100,000 grand missing of my money .... aarrrrrrggghhhh 
For some odd reason I can't send gifts out tonight on Frontierville ...... sorry 
Falling asleep ... need to get to my bed before my head hits the keyboardssjdflkncioirewfvqnwu09n [ urlkejqrjwnfqwefcq ... OOPS to late . 
Dear Farmville , we used to have so much fun together but now with all your problems I want a divorce . PS . I'm now seeing Fronterville ..... 
When life gives you lemons turn it into lemonade , but you still suffer because life didn't give you sugar :D \ 
OK I'm back ........ done venting for awhile ..... been a ( bad ) not good , terrible day all around ....... I was so aggreviated didn't even want to talk to myself .... :D 
Happy Canada Day to all my Northern Friends & Neighbors !! 
For some reason can't log unto Fronterville ... I planted some clover though to let it wither if someone still needs that to complete their mission :) 
Is anyone else not able to get on Fronterville ...... it's been almost 5 hours now and I can't even get rewards that are posted ? 
Here's hoping Everyone has a Happy & SAFE 4th of July 
Fronterville ...... 4th of July quest . I'm posting this to help out people with the quest .... I am kinda stumped because only 1 person besides myself has corn planted and it halts the process when you can't find what you need . Plus to help you know what is next :) 
is going back to the zoo tomorrow .. Whoops I mean work .... Been on vacation since June 12th .... Have to get up in 4 hours .... I wonder what would happen if I called in sick ?.... Don't worry guys I'll be there , but not with bells on though ..... but Thank God it's a Monday and not a Tuesday :P 
If by < PROPMALE > u visit me in Frontierville ....... can I get u to water my cotton plants didn't know they take 3 days to harvest ..... I think there's only 2 days to complete mission . 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
If you happen to visit me in Frontierville can I get you too water at least 1 of my cotton plants ..... Thanks ! 
did anyone else have their 4th of July quest ( hat you click on disappear ) .... I only liked harvesting 1 cotton plant to complete and now gone ? 
If insanity is repeating the same things over and over while expecting a different result can we NOT go to work due to mental illness ? or you could say I'm a member of the Work Release Program . I'll soon be at work and they won't release me ! HELP :P 
Got on to send gifts for both my Farmville and Frontierville neighbors tonight , tried to get everyone .... sorry just not feeling the best in the world tonight and had no time to be on ... gotta work tomorrow :) 
They say true friends can go long periods \ 
of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These \ 
friends pickup just like they spoke yesterday , regardless of how \ 
long it has been or how far apart they live . REPOST this if you are \ 
lucky enough to have at least one friend ... like\ 
...... this .? 
< PROPFEMALE > Holman PRAYER ALERT !! For a FB friend's daughter AUDRIN < PROPMALE > . Hold the family up in prayer today . Her 2 year old daughter was just diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you dont know her , God knows ... Please post to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for the little girl and God Bless you for doing it ! ( How could any mom NOT repost ? ) PRAY , please !!!! Pray for this family 
If anyone is on the quest to tend your neighbors crop in Frontierville of having to tend to tomatoes , eggplant & pumpkin ... I just planted some ...... if you have any to tend could you let me know so I could finish this quest .......... thanks ! 
If anyone is on the quest to ( tend your neighbors crops ) in Frontierville of having to tend to tomatoes , eggplant & pumpkin ... I am going to plant some ...... if you have any to tend could you let me know so I could finish this quest .......... thanks ! 
A SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR \ 
HEART FOR A LIFETIME !! IT'S \SON WEEK \"-- IF YOU HAVE A SON WHO MAKES \ 
Does anyone have any withered sunflowers in Frontierville ..... need just 1 to complete a task ? 
is soooo ready for a long weekend ... about 6 months long should be enough ... \ 
but the lottery < PROPFEMALE > stood me up once again and there are many people that are counting on me so now i have to return to work on Monday ... Bummer :( 
Children going to bed without eating ... \ 
Elderly going without needed medicines ... Mentally ill without \ 
treatments ... Troops without proper equipment ... Yet we donate millions \ 
to other countries before helping our own first .... 99% of people on \ 
facebook won't have ... the ...... guts ...... to copy and repost this !!!! \ 
... WILL YOU ? I DID ... 
Has anyone fed their goats lately ? I need to feed 5 unready goats to complete a task ..... on FR Thanks ! 
There is a point in the day , you never know when it will come but once it does you know that nothing productive will happen for the remainder of the day ... \ 
Hmmm maybe it comes after lunch at work on Mondays ....... let's find out ... 
THERE IS A VIRUS GOING THROUGH OUR COMMENTS , IT WILL START SENDING LINKS IN YOUR NAME . IT SAYS \I KNOW YOU WILL LOVE THIS\ " AND \ " LOOKING FOR SOME FUN\ " THEN IT HAS A < PROPFEMALE > LINK SAYING NEW GIFTS FOR YOU . DO NOT OPEN THIS LINK !!!!!.... THEY ARE POPPING UP EVERYWHERE . PLEASE COPY AND PUT ON ... YOUR STATUS TO WARN EVERYONE " 
for whatever reason could not post tools for FRV ... sorry . 
I am finally able to post again ...... when I stopped by your frontier homestead with some tools .... although this is day 6 and I still can't get on Farmville .... I lose my connection once I get there .... it tells me I have no friends & if I try to respond to sending gifts back it says something like : You are unable to send gifts at this time : I have contacted support and told them of the problem 
I loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you were born ; then I saw your face and fell in love even more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you , and to this day I still would . Put this on your status if you have a child/ children that you love more than life ....? 
WE made History ..... At exactly 06 minutes and 07 seconds after 5 o'clock on August 9th of this year it will be 05:06:07 08/09/10 ~ This will not happen again until the year 3010 ... 
A BIG Thank You to alot of my friends for visiting me while I was offline ..... I haven't been feeling good the last few days ..... I appreciate it !!!! Thanks again !! 
I noticed alot of people are building on FrontierVille and have sent me requests to help .... I'm happy too .... but instead of me perhaps sending something you already have all of and don't need anymore of ... if your online tell me what you still need to finish .... that way I can send what you need the most , if I can send it . 
I need 5 ribbons to be able to buy the next class in frontierville .... also I still need 4 more to help with the Survey Authorizations . Thanks :) 
Farmville & Frontierville Friends ...... I received a really disturbing nasty snotty message from a neighbor I had just recently added on .. I won't go into the details .... but ... I will say this ... if you would like to delete me as a friend I will not get offended .... 
Does anyone have corn planted in Frontierville ? I need to tend 5 to complete a mission . 
A dog will lick your hand for a little while , but will hold \ 
your heart for a lifetime . It's \Dog Week . \ " If you have a dog who makes \ 
VIRUS GOINGTHROUGH OUR COMMENTS . IT WILL START \ 
SENDING LINKS IN YOUR NAME . ITSAYS , \I KNOW YOU WILL LOVE THIS\ " 
Is anyone having problems visiting friends on Frontierville ? It takes about me 4to 5 minutes to load to visit someone else's homestead ..... 
I planted some corn if anyone needs to tend neighbors corn to try for the globe 
G'nite It's too bad that I am a mature responsible adult or else I would definitely be playing hooky from work tomorrow . It's definitally Labor Day weekend for me :( 
I have tomatoes and corn planted if you need to tend some in frontierville 
I just planted some tomatoes , potatoes and corn for those who need to tend these in Frontierville :) 
To Friends & Family on here .... instead of IM each of you ..... \ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE>'s funeral is Thursday at 10:00 am at\ 
Ulmer Funeral Home 1208 S . Garrison In Carthage\ 
Gravesite service in Marionville .... We plan to eat at the park in Marionville after the service asking people to bring a covered dish if you would like too . Thanks 
is pretty sure a dust < PROPFEMALE > just gave me the finger ! So I better get some housework done ;( 
almost forgot \Happy Grandparents day to all \"!!" 
Thanks to those that visited me online while I was off last week ..... I appreciate it . 
Housework is calling ..... so is this part of a day off ? 
Does anyone in Frontierville have peas or peanuts to harvest .... can't find any I just need 1 more to get the badge . 
< PROPFEMALE > earned the Coordinated Cultivator badge ! < PROPFEMALE > harvested 11 different crops in one day and has earned the Coordinated Cultivator badge ! < PROPFEMALE > wants to share the experience with everyone ! 
Does anyone have peas ready to harvest in Frontierville ? I think that's what I need . I have eggplant , corn , flax & potatoes ..... this will be my 3rd time achieving this badge hope this time I actually get to keep it . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > VIRUS spreading like wildfire on FaceBook ! It is a trojan \ 
worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and \ 
shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If \ 
SmartGirl15 requests you , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on\ 
your list adds her then you get the virus too ... Please ... copy and paste \ 
to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES . COM about a minute ago 
Everytime something good is going on ........ I have no time to be , on only had 30 mins :( Night all , got to be at work in 5 hours . 
What would YOU do :) 
Is anyone else having problems with Frontierville today ... I can't send or accept gifts either on the home < PROPFEMALE > or the gifts < PROPFEMALE > ..... if I try to visit I get kicked back to the beginning of Frontierville and have to wait for it too reload . Started it all the AM 
Sorry couldn't visit anyone on Frontierville today . < PROPFIRST > didn't want to move so I could visit ... gotta go to work early so calling it quits ......... ' nite 
Is anyone else having problems visiting friends on Frontierville ........ I can get on there but Frontier < PROPFIRST > screen stays there saying ....... loading Homestead .. have you there in a jiffy ...... it will not leave the screen it only disappears once I go back home :( 
If your getting the ' loading homestead , i'll have you there in a jiffy ' popup - and it doesn't go away . Went on Zynga support it's mainly because of the toll booth mission :( 
ATTENTION FV-NEIGHBORS ... IF YOU SEE A BLOND PUPPET ON YOUR FARM WITH A\ 
PURPLE OVERALL AND WITHOUT ANY NAME ... DON'T CLICK ON IT ... JUST \ 
LEAVE IT THERE ... WHEN YOU CLICK ON IT , YOU WILL LOOSE ALL YOUR GIFTS \ 
FROM YOUR GIFTBOX ... IT'S A HACKING !!! SEND THIS MESSAGE TO ALL YOUR \ 
NEIGHBORS 
The 33 miners were found on the 33rd week of the year . It took 33 days to drill the passage to them . The date is 10/13/10 wich equals 33 . They all believe that God is the one who was with them through this and Jesus was crucified when he was 33 . Thanks for posting this < PROPFEMALE > , this was awesome ! 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without the proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them ! Yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first ! 1% will re-post .... and the other 99% of people on Facebook won't have the guts to re-post this . ! %'r always 
I keep telling myself I should go to bed ... but so far I'm not listening , but I better got to be up in 6 hours ........ nite 
Facebook applications threaten privacy\ 
The breach also includes users who set all their information to be completely private 
Everytime I find that stupid bloody cannonball ..... oops we done lost the internet connection ..... arggg .... it takes forever for a place to load and then you lose what you need ... sorry just had to vent !!! not been my week at all . 
To all my Frontierville friends I can't send back requests ........ I always get ..... SORRY SOMETHING WENT WRONG ....... and I have a back button option ...... I can't even get on my frontier at all but about 2 secs then I get booted back to the home page ........ Sorry I can't send gifts or requests back ..... hoping they get it fixed soon . 
Night all , gotta work tomorrow , only had 2 tricker treaters tonight figured I'd have more .... probably tomorrow night is when they'll hit . 
WoooooooHooooooooo !! It's my WEEKEND OFF !! I have 2 whole days off ... not just 1 WOW ..... I will try to catch up on my games with my neighbors AND of course work around the house . So is it OFF ? Well at least I'm not punching in at a time clock ....... WoooooHooooo*#@ ! 
CONGRATS to < PROPMALE > Paisley for getting Entertainer of the YEAR ....... WOOOOHOOO !! 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste ... this as your status if you are a Veteran , know a Veteran , Love a Veteran , or support the Troops . 
short but sweet tonight 4am comes early :) 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my online friends and to my family . I'm thankful for everyone's friendship . Hoping everyone has a great day !! 
Anyone else having trouble getting rsvp's for thanksgiving quest in frontiersville ? I have sent them out everyday and have never gotten 1 back . 
Still can't get on Farmville :( 
I need some help from my Frontierville friends ...... if I have sent you a RSVP for the Thanksgiving feast .... which I have sent one to everyone of my neighbors I would appreciate it if you could send it back ..... I have 1 day to finish the quest and have only received 5 of all that I have sent back ....... thanks :) 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until monday there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for ending violence against children .? 
Actually getting to watch a Football game ....... WOW ! Been only about 4 years getting to watch a whole game other than the Super Bowl ...... hope I don't jinx the cheifs in the end . 
|The < PROPFEMALE > Truck |” \”; .. 
REPOSTING : M e r r y C h r i s t m a s ! ... I am inviting all of my facebook family and friends to join me in returning to the traditional greeting of ' < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ' instead of the now politically correct ' Happy Holidays ' ... If you agree , please re post this . . . . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS from my house to yours :o ) 
Remember , this Christmas , while you are eating your dinners and laughing , that in another house there is an empty chair where a hero should be sitting . They gave their life so that you can sit with your family . So light a candle this Christmas for our fallen heroes that did not make it back ... and for those still serving in Iraq , Afghanistan , or elsewhere . Repost this as your status to show your respect . 
Hope everyone had a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!!!!! 
Thanks to each one of you who prayed for my Grandson ........ still need continued prayer for him as he is still in the hosptial . Thanks again ! 
To all my Frontierville and Farmville friends .... Hoping to be back online this week . I am trying to recoop from my drive to < PROPMALE > to see my Grandson in the hospital . I have lost a few friends as I haven't been online ...... lol . 
Whatever you give to a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile and she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges whatever she is given . So if you give her crap ....... be ready to receive a ton of sh** !!!!... Real women keep this going !!!!! 
It says select 15 ....... but I consider all my facebook friends as being beautiful ....... it would take me all night to post to each one of you ..... if you see this on your home < PROPFEMALE > this is meant for you :) 
My parents were MEAN to me when I was a kid . They made me do chores , go to church & school . They gave me a curfew , suggested I get a job and work for the things that I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school , at my job & to take pride in my work . I grew up with morals , a good work ethic & respect for the law , and my elders . I thank God everyday for my parents . Copy and paste if you had Mean parents too ! 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to you status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours .......... 
Question :\ 
Does it mean more to :\ 
Say I Love You \ 
or\ 
Show I Love You ? \ 
and why ...... Just curious too see others point of view ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( in honor of our military -wherever they may be -let's see who gets it and follows the instructions 
MY PROMISE TO MY CHILD : I will stalk you , flip out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare and hunt you down like a bloodhound when needed ... because I LOVE YOU ! When you UNDERSTAND that , I will know you are a responsible adult . You will NEVER find someone who loves you , prays for you , cares about you , and worries about you more than your Mom . Re-post if you love your children . 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? \ 
Women are Angels and when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly ... on a broomstick . We are flexible like that ... \ 
Keep posting this girls ! \ 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to get better , I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , post this for at least one hour\ 
This isn't for those who haven't faced this disease to raise awareness but for those that have , to let them ......... know that you have been , and will be , in my thoughts forever . 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > to see all the eagles , it was amazing all the eagles we saw last year and this year there is more ........ can't wait !!! If you haven't been it's fantastic . 
So tired !! Not a spring chicken anymore ..... Worked Monday then < PROPFEMALE > and I caught a ride to work Tuesday AM worked 16 hours ( got about 4 hours sleep at work , slept on mattress on the floor ) then went back to work Wed AM . Caught a ride back home last night . Had no night shift since monday plus only 3 for day shift . I heard over 30 people called in since Monday . 
Thanks to everyone that sent me Birthday Wishes ...... it meant alot to me :) 
Does any of my southwest missouri friends know of a vet open on sundays ? One that doesn't charge 100 bucks just for an exam . 
