Counting down the days ..... only two weeks left before i go back to my ARMY Training . Missouri , here i come ! 

Chillen , trying to spend time everybody ... why do everyone wanna plan to do stuff on the same day ?! man , it's hard to decide who u wanna go chill wit when it get likes tht 
Getting ready to leave for AIT . Dang , the days r going by quick . Going to Ft . < PROPMALE > Wood , oh well , it'll be over soon enough 
well it's time to say goodbye . i'll miss all u u , see u all in two months . heading out to AIT 
man , i'm tired as h *** . catching the plans today . almost there missouri , don't start without me !!! LOL 
can't wait till i come back home to < PROPFEMALE > 
the days go by quick , two more weeks and i'll be coming back to the AUG . yea , it's been pretty fun up here , but nothing is better than home 
new life , new challenges , new me . man , somethings in life just make u think 
man , went and got my tattoo today . i love it , but it's the only one i'm getting . ( maybe ) 
there comes a time in life , when u have to realize tht everything u do will not always please people , no matter how good u done it in the past . don't let in get to u , cause when it's all said and done , they wll be the ones tht missed out on something good . ya feel me ? 
ok , you kno tht ur tired , but yet u can't fall asleep . whts up wit tht ?! 
Want to make this work , but it's kinda hard when u don't kno how to approach the situation when it keep changing constantly 
man , it's good to kno tht kno matter far we apart , tht we all can still chill and have fun together like we're at the crib . This goes out to all my homeboyz and homegirlz in college right now . no matter where we r , we still kno how to throw it down . and can't nobody do it like we can do it , just ask Listopher < PROPFIRST > , Demarius LaQuan < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > Larmore 
R.I.P. to my fellow soldiers tht died in Ft . Hood , Texas , and may God keep there families close . 
This goes out to all the soldiers all around the world . Happy Veteran's Day . U fought long and hard for us to to live the life tht we r living now . God , Continue to Bless Our Troops 
just got home frm work . man , i hate sitting at a desk and gong through papers . i want to do wht i'm really paid to do 
hey , i wonder if anyone actually stopped and realize tht today is friday the 13th . wth , lol 
man , today was fun . it was good to see family tht u havent seen in awhile , friends too . but i wonder whts gonna happen when there's nothing left ? 
When you realize that you done everything you could do , and it's still not enough , what do you do next ? 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , i hope everyone is having a good day , with friends and family !! 
2011 , you have no idea what kind of year you will be , lol 
Taking a break from a couple of things and a couple of people . It's a new year , so it's time time for me to start focusing on what really is important . 
Therefore if any man be in Christ , he is a new creature : old things are passed away ; behold , all things are become new . - 2 Corinthians 5 : 17 
Started my first day of college . it's going pretty well so far , but its just the first day . let's see where this can go . if u have any advice on college life , it will be greatly apprecieated 
Went to class today and realized something .... i'm the only boy in one of my classes , lol 
Just got out of one of my classes and now just realized something .... i'm the only boy in there , lol 
at the auntie's crib writing an essay tht doesnt make no sense at all . the topic : why do u read or not read ? i mean come on , really ? 
had classes today . it went pretty smooth , until i got to english . ever had a feeling tht ur professor dont really know wht they talking about ? lol , just asking 
just got done taking a test . ever had tht one question tht u was not sure on ? man i hate those kinds of questions , lol . 
Got alot on my mind , dont kno which way to go , God please help me , give me peace within my soul 
I can finally move on with my life now . We made peace with each other , but at what cost ? 
man ..... dont u hate it when u try to give someone advice when u already out here in the real world and they still at home with they mom , and yet they wanna take it and throw it back at u , like they kno everything ? 
Chillin , just got home frm class , got the crew coming over today , who knows wht'll happen , lol 
Man , just got off the phone with someone tht was real special to me . We're on good terms now , but how do u get over someone tht u shared so much with ? 
It's funny how some people expect u to pick them over ur family ...... wht kind of mess is tht ? hate to burst ur bubble , but family comes first always , it dont matter how long we known each other . 
It's Friday . One more class to go to , then the weekend . I have Drill though , so my weekend is gonna be real busy 
You may think you know me , but I'm here to tell you now that you haven't seen nothing yet . ' God's Soldier ' is back , and he's better than he was before . So to all the people who think they can bring me down , all i have to say to is GOD BLESS . 
You may think you know me , but I'm here to tell you now that you haven't seen nothing yet . ' God's Soldier ' is back , and he's better than he was before . So to all the people who think they can bring me down , all i have to say to is GOD BLESS 
SAINTS THE SUPERBOWL CHAMPS !! KNEW IT FRM THE GET GO 
19 years ... wow ... thank you God for blessing me to see another birthday 
thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday , it feel no different though , but oh well , still had fun though wit the friends and fam 
Don't kno wht else to do anymore , so im just gonna stay strong and do me 
Don't kno wht else to do anymore , so im just gonna stay strong and do me . The people who say they gonna be there for r only there for awhile , but when it come down to it , its just u , God , and ur family . and thts where the real strength and support come frm . 
Got up this morning wit God on my mind . He's always been there when others haven't , always listened when others didnt , and always showed loved when others didnt show it . With God on ur side , everything is tht much better . 
It's amazing how some small decisions can effect the rest of ur life . 
chillen at the crib wit the brothers . gotta love the fam 
Truth to be told , sometimes u just have to let go and let God handle it . If it wasnt meant to be to , then so be it . It may hurt for awhile , but tht doesnt mean its the end of the road , its just the beginning of something bigger and better God has in store for u . All u have to do is take it day by day , and leave it in God's hands , he knows exactly wht he is doing ..... 
Now I see why they the people who you're close to the most , are the ones who always hurt you the most ... 
it's funny how some people think they can treat u like crap when they dont need u , but yet when they do need u , they wanna be all buddy-buddy . Really ? either u real wit it frm the beginning or u aint . its enough fake people in the world as it is already , why keep adding on to their < PROPFIRST > ? smh ..... 
just got done fixing the car , had a blew out last night on the way home frm work , tire was way beyond frm saving , but u kno , u cant keep a soldier down ... 
chillen trying 2 figure out this new phone , lol . bout to call it a night , if u wanna get in touch , ask for the new number 
its about tht time to get serious about my life and future again . I put it off long enough , and I'm tired of the games . play time is over , its time to get serious 
Lost and confused ... why do it feel like everyone tht ur close to always seem to be hiding something frm u ? Why do it feel like tht no matter wht u do to show and prove it , it always fall on deaf ears and blind eyes ? Whatever happened to being there for someone and doing right by them ? Is it suppose to be like every man for himself now ? Idk wht to think anymore .. thought there was still love in the world ... guess not ... 
The only thing left to do is pray and take it one day at a time . Still unsure about some things , but the one thing i know for sure is tht God will never leave me ... 
Slowly , things are coming back in sight ... 
True , you know about the pain and heartache i been through ... but i didn't take them as weaknesses , they made me the type of person I am today , a person that doesn't know the meaning of giving up or quitting , determined to do what needs to be done , and not worried about what people say or think . So yea , I had my share of ups and downs , but the difference between me and you is that i didn't let them control my life ... 
You may not understand me , but I am not meant to be understood . I'm different for a reason , because I have a purpose in life . You wonder why I understand so much at this age , It's because I'm in a different state of mind . You wonder why I'm different than most dudes when it comes to women , it's because I was raised to show them respect . It's alot of things you wonder about me , but all I can say is I'm just being me . 
If you think you know me , think again . For all you people who ' think ' you really know me , you really know less than wht you think . Don't judge me by the past , judge me by wht i do now ... 
Im just an ordinary person with an extraordinary purpose ... 
When you think you have everything figured out , something comes out of nowhere and makes it confusing again ... s/n : just one question ..... WHY ? :( 
Thinking ... Wondering ... Hoping ... Believing and wanting everything that is happening now will all pass away . 
What is going on with me ? Why do I feel like nothing is changing for the better ? 
Family ..... Got to love them 
Chillen wit the fam ... waiting to play this game 
so u think u can talk ur junk and think its gonna end like tht . u really must have forgotten who u r dealing wit . u already kno how I am and u still gonna do it anyway , u really , really need to rethink tht , just for ur sake . for all the people who think they can talk junk and get away wit it , u must forgot who I was and wht I'm capable of doin , so u might wanna think twice next time . 
Just living the life . Me , myself , and I . 
Things are staring to look better , trusting and believing God , I know he won't steer me wrong ... 
Waking up , thanking God for another day 
man , it sucks when ur phone is off . can't wait to cut this back on , tired of using the house phone , lol 
finally , lol . the phone is back on everyone . no more house phone , yay ! Lmao 
Love ? What is this word that you speak of ? I'm sorry but I don't understand this word that you speak of . I heard of it so many times , but it was just for personal gain . I really don't know what it means myself , so how can I say it if I never experienced it myself ??? 
Sitting here trying to figure what this word ' love ' really means ... can someone give an answer or show me wht it is ?? http://bit.ly/9svjtD 
Live this thing called life , not taking nothing for granted ... http://bit.ly/9QuYrY 
Living this thing called life , not taking anything for granted ... 
Well , i'm looking for this female , i heard tht she wanted to talk to me , but we never had a < PROPMALE > to meet yet . She goes by the name of LOVE . From what I heard , she's beautiful , smart , caring , honest , and real to the core . So , if you happen to see her , let her know that i'm still waiting to meet her ... 
Hey Z fighters , its time to go back up the rowdy ruff boys ... 
Heavy with burden on my mind ... Praying to the Lord all the time .... Don't know which way to go ..... Father God , PLEASE give my peace within my soul ...... 
It likes like a angel and demon is fighting in my life and inside of me ... Which one will win ? idk ... 
as the days go by , things are slowly becoming clearer ... soon , I will have the answer tht i am looking for ... 
Chillen at the crib wit my lil sis < PROPMALE > and acting straight fools . family always kno how to make bad times so much better ... 
getting ready to finish this tattoo up on tuesday . so if u seen it before , just wait till it's completely finish . 
Ur boy is back . Had a few setbacks , a few obstacles to overcome , got a few scars in the process , but remember , ur boy is a SOLDIER , nothing is gonna keep me down for long . I will always come back stronger than before . You can't crush my spirit . You can't crush my determination , its impossible . So yea , your boy Lowe is back , and this time things will different . 
just finished the tat ... pic coming soon 
The pics r up . Check out the album 
Trusting and believing . Nothing can stop my faith or determination ... 
It's time to move on , and start focusing on the things that really do matter . It's a new life , so therefore , it's time for a new beginning . 
Thanking God for another day . Lord you just keep showing me more and more as the days go by , I know that everything will be alright as long as I have you by my side . 
Every time I turn around , God is blessing me 
Just woke up to the worst thing possible . What is goin on ?! God , please stay be me for this . s/n family is not suppose to be like this :( 
You can go ahead and show hatred toward me , but my God won't let u win . You're not gonna crush my spirit with your negativity towards me . I'm turning it over to God and let him deal with you . s/n : you know who you are , but I forgive you . 
Woke up this morning feeling blessed . Well God , let's see what's in store for your child today . s/n : feeling his presence . God is good . 
At the falcons and cardinals game wit the fam in Atlanta . Boy , falcons going beast mode on cardinals . s/n : the games are better when you see it in person , lol 
chillen , taking it easy . worry free and I like it like tht 
Thanking God for the people he has put in my life , whether they were good or bad , God knew what he was doing . He's just molding me into that man he wants me to be . So if you were in my life , even if it didn't end well , I thank you for the lessons I learned . s/n : taking negatives and turning them into positives ... 
Living life and loving God 
Thanking God for the blessings he has put in my life ... family , friends , the opportunities , everything tht is making me into a better man for God and the people I love and care about . s/n : the doors just keep opening up ... 
Father God ... I ask you right now to be with me and give me the strength and courage to break this wall down between us . They say things happen for a reason , so I need u with me as I break this wall , and give me the wisdom so I can be able to reach tht person . s/n : God works in mysterious ways ... 
Thanking God for blessing me this far , and knowing that he will continue to bless me in the future . s/n : taking it one day at a time ... 
If there's one thing I learned in life , it's this ... Always take responsibility for your actions . Not only the good , but the bad as well . I guess when it comes down to that part , you really start to see how many of us are real men . I'm just saying , if your man enough to make the mistake , be man enough and take responsibility for it too ... 
Everything is falling into place . I kept trusting , and he kept providing . Thank God for being there with me through this struggle , but now , nothing is gonna stop me frm doing wht I need to do .. s/n : I have an undying will and a hardened determination . 
can't nothing stop me frm doing wht I have to do ... s/n determined and focused 
Thanking God for another day . At church about to be spiritually fed . God is good and he keeps blessing me . Praise the lord ... s/n : love being a child of God 
Man , I'm telling you ... Just when you think you know people , you get caught off guard by something unexpected . But hey , it's life , and that's how people are , you just have to learn to let go of those people no matter how much it will hurt , but it's better for you to have peace with yourself , than be in constant chaos with those people ... s/n : letting go of all the negativity , ALL of it 
well ... now that we're done with that chapter , let's see what else is gonna happen in this adventure called life ... s/n : living life to the fullest , not taking anything for granted 
better days are ahead ... keep trusting God and everything else will follow - Lowe s/n : encouragement for whoever needs it 
Living life to the fullest ... any more questions ? 
WAB and DMB !!!!!....... ENOUGH SAID 
Partying wit the brothers ... u already kno wht it is ... WAB !!! & DMB !!! 
Smh ... Days like these makes me wonder why i just didn't go full-time active duty ... s/n : better days are ahead , just got to keep the faith 
What ? Really ?! Are you serious ? Man ... smh . s/n : don't know what else to do right now ... at a lost of words ... 
Love can't be measured by words ... you have to show it , not just say it , because there is a difference between the two . s/n : speaking on the real level now 
When real recognizes real , life becomes that much better . s/n : It can't get any better than this ... 
Who wakes up at 4 in the morning and cooks a full breakfast comlete with eggs , bacon , pancakes , and grits , and then falls back asleep when it's it time to eat it ? smh ... didn't think tht one all the way through , lol 
At the recruiting office talking about switching to full-time active duty . Been thinking about it a lot lately , now its time to put it into motion . s/n : Hooah ! 
Got the phone call this morning ... we are a go people , time to this process started ... s/n : ready and determined 
Man ... these are A LOT of papers , lol . But it's all gonna be worth it 
Well , let's see ..... Why do it seem like the more papers i get done , the more i have to do ? When will this package end ? s/n : tired but determined . OWW ! papercut ! lmao 
My mind is blank right now ... maybe some sleep will help . s/n : turning in for the night 
When the crew gets together , the possibilities are endless 
Can't stand it when people want to get mad at u cause u don't < PROPFEMALE > out wit them . Umm , u have my number . If u wanted me to < PROPFEMALE > wit u tht much , u would have called , so I don't want to hear it . s/n : like I'm suppose to kno when yall go out . Really ? smh 
When you look at me , u may see another black male , but when I look at myself ... I see someone who doesn't know the meaning of the word quit , who's determined to be something in life , but most of all , determined to prove that not all black men are the same . s/n : tired of being catergorized with others . dont judge me by wht others did , judge me by wht i do ... 
Wondering when am I gonna find that special someone that can turn days like these into something special . s/n : she's out there ... but where ? 
Live and learn ; the more you live , the more you learn , but it's up to you whether you learn from it or not ... s/n : starting to realize a lot of things in life . 
And ..... I'M DONE ! Smh , these papers took longer than i thought , lol , but i'm finally done . One step closer ... 
So ... you wanna play it like that huh ? Fine , we'll play it like that , but at the end of the day , you can't say that I didn't try . s/n : tired of always being at fault when it is really YOU that needs to get yourself together ... 
So ... you wanna play it like that huh ? Fine , we'll play it like that , but at the end of the day , you can't say that I didn't try . s/n : tired of always being at fault when it is really YOU that needs to get yourself together ... needs to get yourself together ... 
If you can reach my heart , anything can happen 
like this status and i will tell u how i honestly feel about u 
Keeping God close and pushing all the negativity away 
Only God can judge me , so who is u to tell me wht I can or can't do ? Last time I checked , ur not God , so stop trying to be 
people come and go , but God will always stay by your side 
Fuck It Moment #65 : u leave a resturant stop and realize u didnt pay for the food ... fuck it .. ( keeps walking ) 
Fuck It Moment #500 u at the club and everyone else dancing but u and this big chic . fuck it .... big girls need love too 
Fuck It Moment #555 : didnt u get my call ? no . Oh . o well ,... fuck it 
Fuck It Moment #12 ' hey , didnt we used to go to school together ? we didnt ? Oh ... o well ... fuck it , can i have ur number anyway ? 
Fuck It Moment #65 : so , its ur girl and her sister ? is she cute ? r u sure ? ( meets the girls ) umm , bruh ? ( he whispers to u ) ' she goes down ' hey . fuck it then 
Fuck It Moment #99 : bruh , is tht ur girl ? yea . who is she wit ? oh , thts her girlfriend . u got it like tht ? yea . shyt , fuck it then 
Fuck It Moment #70 : yea , so i dont have no money right ? oh , u was gonna pay for it anyway ? fuck it then , i want this , this , and this , lmao 
Fuck It Moment #981 hey thts my seat ! ( big guy stands up ) u have a problem wit it ? man ... fuck it ... u can have tht seat , this one's better anyway 
Fuck It Moment # 999 hey , isnt tht ur ex ? yea . who baby is tht ? fuck it , it aint mine . lol 
Fuck It Moment #101 did she just say fuck u ? yea , i think she did . Fuck it then , FUCK HER ! 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . Re-post if you ... are in the military , love a military member , or appreciate and support our troops ! 
Check out my note called ' < PROPFEMALE>' let me know wht u think 
Honestly ... Love is a word that is being overused and for the wrong reason . People forgot the ' real ' meaning of what that word is . They just use it as a way to get what they want out of you , and once they got it , they're done with you . It's a shame how many people are messed up because of people like this . And many wonder why it's hard to have good relationships . 
Honestly ... Love is a word that is being overused and for the wrong reason . People forgot the ' real ' meaning of what that word is . They just use it as a way to get what they want out of you , and once they got it , they're done with you . It's a shame how many people are messed up because of people like this . And many wond ... er why it's hard to have good relationships . 
My mood right now is just like the first verse in Lil < PROPMALE>'s ' Drop the World ' . I got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes , hate in my heart , love on my mind . I seen nights full of pain , days of the same , you keep the sunshine , save me the rain ..... 
LMAO ... boy i tell you ... females these days ... think they can a play game wit ya boy . sorry to ruin ur fun , but u got the wrong one if u looking for a few laughs ... < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Alphonsa Tate , < PROPFIRST > Bishop , < PROPMALE > Minister < PROPMALE > , on some real talk bruh bruhs ... these females think they got us twisted , lol . but u kno wht ? they ain't gone stop us , we on our grown shyt , no time for lil girls or they games 
Why Whats Up ? 
I want to think all the Veterans for the sacrifices they made for our country . I appreceiate what you have done for us , and as I < PROPFEMALE > on your legacy as a soldier myself , I hope that I continue the tradition that you all have worked hard to make and perserve . Happy Veteran's Day . - PFC Kevon Lowe , Army National Guard . 
Love ? Yea , I heard of that word before . But that's all it is now ... a word . I used to believe in it . I still want to at times ..... but ..... how can you find love if someone is not willing to give love ? 
A boy can say that he can do all this and all that and more ... but it takes a MAN to actually do what he says he's gonna do ... from life , to career , to even love . so to all the little boys out there , step aside and let us REAL MEN do what we have to do , and stop messing things up for the ones that actually want to have something in their lives . 
Have a lot on my mind , and no one to talk to about it ... God , just give me peace right now , please .... 
If you don't have nothing positive to say about the situation , why are you even here ? s/n : can't stand it when you trying to get back on your feet and people wanna start talking negative . Look , if your not supportive , then shut up , lol . 
its going down today . ol skool football , straight up . people gonna be sore , but oh well , its gonna be worth it , lol 
A real man not only thinks with his mind , he listens to his heart as well . 
Who ever said that all men are the same must have never experienced what it's like to have a real man in their life 
NOTICE : If I can't benefit from you in my life , you will be dismissed . Nothing personal , but I have a dream and future to accomplish . s/n : Things are going too good right , to let a few people come in and mess it up . 
Well ... Im guessing this must be a test of my determination . But if you call this a test , then you must be giving it to the wrong person , lol 
well ... guess it's my turn . inbox me a number , and i'll tell u ..... 
#202 u was always cool and fun to < PROPFEMALE > wit 
#23 we had a lot of fun times , and i miss tht . still praying tht things will get better between us . 
keep em ' coming . more < PROPFIRST > anybody ? 
#121823 u were real quiet . wish i got to know u more , we probably would have been closer then wht we r now 
#051990 u were always like my big sis . im mad u left without telling me , but im glad u doing good for yourself . it wont hurt to hear frm u either , lol 
#2250 look , im not even gonna say anything , cause u should already kno , lol . love u sis 
#1990 wht can i say about u th tu dont already kno ? waitm there still are some things i havent told u yet , but it will come soon enough , lol 
#20 . 20 u were like a lil baby , wish things could have been different with us , but oh well , u never kno , lol 
#1 idk wht to really say , we have our days , and it seems like u want to tell me more than wht ur saying , but who knows ? 
keep em coming people . more < PROPFIRST > please , lol 
Thank you God . I know it was nobody but you . But this is just the beginning of your blessings , and I'm following you until the end . s/n : God knows exactly what he is doing . 
Why does is always seem like that the good your trying to do always goes without being said , but as soon as you do something wrong , they want to go down your freaking throat . s/n : the world is really backwards 
A female asked me \Why are you so different than other dudes your age\ " i just calmly say \ " Because I know what it's going to take to make it out here in the world and have something . Dont no female want a dude that doesn't have anything to fall on . \"" 
For those that have been hurt and think that love isn't real , allow me to give some wisdom from a MAN that knows how to treat to his lady . When he makes sure to keep a smile on your face , your the first thing on his mind and to make sure that you know that you are loved every minute , and most of all , he won't do anything to break you heart 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
When it balls down to it , you just realize sometimes that your the only one that you can depend on ..... s/n : 2011 , I promise you that there will be a different me ..... no more of the games or the lies , if you can't come real with it , don't come at me at all 
SMH ..... people these days and their fake feelings . You really thought I couldn't tell the difference ? You really thought I would fall for it ? LMAO , sorry , but try that with someone who doesn't know better .... s/n : people these days I swear , smh 
Not holding my tongue back for nobody anymore . I'm gonna speak my mind without even thinking about your feelings , and if you can't take it , then don't get on my bad side . I said there was gonna be a drastic change this year , and i meant it . s/n : Tired of this BS 
Really could care less about you right now , ( you know who i'm talking to ) . Can't get upset cause u got caught up in ur lil scheme , lol and smh at you little girl . So all im gonna say is .... DEUCES , and get out of my life 
I just realized tht all my close friends tht I grew up wit doing middle and high school ..... we all going into the military , lol 
True enough I LIKE school but , I LOVE the military , so im thinking bout going full-time active duty .... wht u think ? 
all of your past relationships was nothing but learning experiences . They weren't meant to last like you thought . they were meant to prepare you for the right one when he/she comes later in your life . 
Just one of those nights when you can't sleep , and you're up thinking about life and everything that you did so far , and wondering what the future will be like ... 
Why do females always say tht they're not used to the things a good man does for them Do they really not know what it's like to have a good man by their side ? 
Question to everyone : When you hear the word love , what's the first thing that comes to your mind ? 
New Note posted up ' A Man's Thoughts , Part II ' If you can , can u leave some feedback on it ? 
Man , where are my brothers < PROPFIRST > Patterson , < PROPFIRST > Fuller , and < PROPMALE > Manning Kanner when i need them ? Things haven't been the same since we all went our seperate ways , which i can understand , but .... i need my squad back , lol 
Just got back from the gym , man it feels goods working out again , lol . well , time to hit the shower and get ready for work . 
Well ... I had my options and I had my choices to make . I prayed to God to lead me in the right way , and I have made some changes in my life , and I don't regret none of them . Going back to school . My choice ? < PROPFEMALE > State University . Getting back right with God and in his word . I said 2011 was gonna be the turning point in my life , and so far , everything is going the way it should . Just continue to put God first . 
Follow me on twitter @KLowe00 
FOLLOW ME : @KLowe00 I REPEAT , FOLLOW ME , LOL 
Things are looking better , ASU so far so good , made a new friend , going to the gym , about to be promoted to E-4 , and enjoying my family and friends . God is good man , for real . You need to try him 
Things are going good . I'm feeling her more and more everday . And everything with school and work is going good . Know it wasn't nobody but God . 
Had a good time at Drill . Your boy got promoted ! Say hello to Specialist Lowe ! 
If you could be a kid for one more day , what would you do ? 
Sigh ..... things will never be the same . I guess just like time moves on .... we eventually have to move on too . s/n : never thought you could actually feel this low , lol ..... smh 
follow me : @KLowe00 
I'll be so glad when people grow up and act like they suppose to ..... s/n : we're grown people here , so why you still coming with these little kid stories and little kid games ? Grow up already ! lol 
There's nothing that hurts more than a heart that's confused and hurt . I have so many questions , but no one to give me the answers . I guess I'll never know the feeling ..... smh . s/n : Stand by me Lord please , you know what I'm going through . 
When it balls down to it , it's just you and God , cause you know for a fact that he won't leave or turn his back on you . 
All I can say is s *** gets real around here with me now . If you can't take the full truth or the realness I bring to the table , then I suggust you find somewhere else to sit , lol . s/n : Like the status if you feel where i'm coming from . 
In the chair getting my third tattoo . Pic coming soon 
The tat is finished and it goes hard . Pic coming soon 
Well on the way to work . Txt if u need me . If u need the number , inbox me 
If you havent seen it yet , the pic of my new tat is up 
About to go celebrate some birthdays with my cousin and my lil bruh . man , i hate it when more than one family member has the same birthday , lol . you can't choose between family , so you just got to go to both , lol . s/n : this is gonna be a busy , fun day 
Man , I tell you , females these days can't make their minds up about nothing ! How can you say you want a man to keep it 100 with you , but you can't keep it 100 with us ? I mean really ..... we get tired of the games just like you do . 
Up here chillen , thinking bout someone special . You have no idea what a blessing you are to me . Only God knows how I feel about you right now . 
Had a real interesting day ..... I need to sit down and think about what happened today . I think I lost someone close to me , and honestly , I can't shake that off ..... If you see this , know that I'm sorry from the bottom of my heart 
Never leave the one you love for the the one you want , cause the one you want may leave you for the one they love 
Man , this thing called life isn't no joke . Stepping out for a minute , need to clear my head . Have a lot on my mind . If you need me , text me . I'm not going to answer any phone calls for awhile ..... 
It's funny how someone can say that you didn't give your all , when in reality , they didn't even know what to put into it themselves ... 
People been acting real stupid lately , yall about to see another side of me yall would have never thought existed , real talk . 
Thank you everyone that wished me a Happy Birthday . Everyone has made my day that much better . Thanks again everyone ! 
Sometimes , it's just best to sit back and watch instead of jumping right into it . You'll find out more by waiting than you would if you just rushed it . 
Why do some men think it's alright to play with relationships ? Just because u can't be a man in ur relationship , doesn't give u the right to mess it up for the ones that can . Can't get mad because u messed up . If u was doing right in the first place , she would still be on ur arm , wouldn't she ? Don't get mad because u see your ex on another man's arm . Where u messed up at , he came and fixed it , and then did more . 
Things happen for a reason . We learn and grow from them . Some good and some bad . Tears will be shed , and sooner or later we realize that we can't do this alone . That's where your faith comes in at . Because where people will fail , God will not . 
Up focused , thanking God for another day . I know everything will be all right , just turning it over to him . 
COPY THIS TO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU . | 1 . Violent | 2 . Id marry you | 3 . Sweet | 4 . Hot | 5 . Talkative | 6 . Tall | 7 . Funny | 8 . Fun | 9 . Perfect | 10 . I loveyou | 11 . Miss you | 12 . Retarded | 13 . Random | 14 . You're the best | 15 . Id date you ! | 16 . Cute | 17 . Gorgeous | 18 . Best friend | 19 . We need to ... < PROPFEMALE > out more | 20 . I would die for you :) 
Now i know what i have to do . It's time to make a full 360 ' turn around . And i know exactly where to begin at . I'm going to church Sunday ! s/n : Better days are coming , slowly , but surely . Just trusting God with it all now ... 
