stoked for his pay check so he can pay off his debts ^_^ 

Wants to see Transformers 2 AKA < PROPFEMALE > Fox 
< PROPFEMALE > Fox you will be mine , First eliminate Rain ; 
Really haters Borders right now . Seriously working from 12 to 10:30 with a two hour break , wtf . 
got shanked by a piece of cheese ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > videos make me happy , I'm thankful for Skeptics 
is happy , sad , relieved , and in sorrow , but honestly ... doesn't care what happens anymore with a smile on his face 
wahoo for Geology classes . The only class I'm worried to get into is Chemistry * crosses fingers * 
paper cuts is nature's way to tell us \Stop cutting down trees ! \"" 
Penn & Teller ; Bullshit ! is much better at 2:40 AM 
Dolphins are as smart as humans or smarter . HAHAH what Bullshit ! 
can't understand why people don't do their research and understand that organic food isn't any better than regular food ... the only difference seems to be that you lose 30-50% more money to organic food . 
Finally found proper tabs the for the song he's been trying to play for about a year now T T_T T words can't describe the hapiness 
An iced mocha and playing bass on a warm summer night is all I need 
enjoying the warm night , kicking back in his chair , listening to the crickets chirp . What can be better ? 
wonders when \Leave me the fuck alone\ " meant anything else but Leave me the fuck alone . " 
My Sweet Corpse boku no naka no kono < PROPFEMALE > o omori ni shite ! 
OH Common how would you like it if I taunted you with a coupon to Applebee's XD 
Words can't not describe finding all the songs I wanted all perfectly tabbed out for a second time in a month T_T 
can't wait to wake up in 5 hours XDDDD 
wishes he had a more intresting summer so he could have a longer Japanese essay 
is waving good bye to the fragments of summer and looks ahead to the new adventures he will have during the fall semester 
Since the faithful wait around and are happy in their delusions , I'm putting my foot down and going to handle the problem myself .. 
thinks the legend of < PROPFEMALE > animated cartoon is really damn corny .. but I can't stop watching it . T_T 
went through 79 pgs of bass material and refreshed on a few things . now gonna read a book and head of to bed .. I love Finally having free time . 
Finished his Intermediate Electric Bass Method in a 3 hours .. He found nothing Intermediate about it at all .. Guess he'll have to get the Mastery edition to learn something .. 
made a song in 3 mins ... < PROPFIRST > where are you ?! 
fell asleep REAL early yesterday .. 1:30 AM is a new record for me 
Ears got blown away by Thriving < PROPFIRST > , got his pants signed and had a talk with the bassist , great night 
has never been happier to be at home and have warm food in his life 
Dear ( Ca , Na)2-3(Mg , Fe , Al)5Si6(Si , Al)2O22(OH)2 , you are not my friend you have wierd cleavage and messed me up on my test , please do not do so again and I can appreaciate you for what you are 
finally playing Fallout 3 after his computer went on Hiatus for a couple of months . So pumped 
was fairly disapointed in Fallout3 
is watching his favorite show and hearing the rain pour .. awesome night . 
plans on going to the gym and working out despite his legs being in pain after getting owned on the hike 
' s Body was a wreck after going on that 4 hour hike on Thurs and worked out another 1 1/2 on Friday , how will his body react today oh ho we'll find out 
tackling his new bass challenge , a bass solo by Dir en Grey .. never thought I would actually be intrested in learning one of their songs 
forgives Fallout3 and is in love with it again XD 
Dear head , stop being in pain please , we got our final mineralogy quiz tomorrow and you being in pain and thinking about getting sick is not a good idea ... P.S. stop procrastinating . 
is finally caught up with Geology despite his mild cold , take that . Next to tackle down Japanese 
found his Bruton Compass ... thank god .. he didn't want to start whoring himself out to make the money to get another one . 
is going to try to enjoy his last day in < PROPFEMALE > before he's off on his Geology trip till next week with no internet or reception T_T 
\The way to see by Faith is to shut off the Eye of Reason \"- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Miley Smash !! 
After a good long day of no school , he's gonna do some studying for the Japanese midterm tomorrow 
Just finished watching Religulous . Most of the movie and was pretty spot on , some of it was ridiculous but then again that was mostly the point 
Alright Kiki bring it on ! 
hates take home exams 
oh mah gawd brain common it's only 4 problems long we can do this ! 
OMG chocolate cookie batter taste godly ! 
is going to a Dir en Grey concert , never saw it coming . 
Okay weather ... you just can't pour rain for 7 hours and then decide to be < PROPFEMALE > with no clouds , just doesn't work that way . 
is gonna make a pie for Chocolate Pecan Pie for thanksgiving 
OH Pie gods , please allow my pie to come out alright and not become a fail 
Alright Kanji , it's just you and me again , let's do this 
hoping the Jigoku Shoujo episodes he got have subtitles 
has a strange urge to leave the country and live somewhere new for a year or two . 
just had a craving for Coconut cupcakes .. perhaps I'll give it a shot and look up a recipe . 
ate some crocodiles and kangaroo's with < PROPMALE > . Mmmm :D Crocodiles do taste like chicken ... Crockolicious ! 
okay Hw , I swear the three songs I jammed out to were not to procrastinate 
Final day of school , words can not express the joy of being free 
Finishing his Geology work LIKE A BOSS 
Finals are done , and now to do the two things he's been really wanting to do all semester ... study kanji and play bass 
has a strange urge to watch Scooby-Doo 
made cheese garlic bread just like < PROPFIRST>'s pizza but like ... 3 times better ... so good :D 
HAPPy New Years world !!!! 
Happy Hangover Day 
Whoever wants to ban these words needs to get laid , just because we use words such as epic , fail , legit , doesn't mean anything , get over .. Instead of being a < PROPMALE > about words they should of focused more on spelling , we might as well complain about our rules of grammar , I before E except after C , I'm sure \Weird\ " breaks that rule . \ 
hates the butterflies in my stomach feeling 
doesn't believe that things happen for a reason but is making an exception for this particular situation . 
had an awesome jam session and now is getting ready for work . 
after 4 hours of singing I think my voice is giving me the hint of taking it easy . 
after completing my knowledge of 101 kanji , I'ma go buy some pizza , damn it < PROPFIRST > . 
????? 
Urbandictiorary < PROPMALE > : Def 1 : The Supreme One . A synonym for God . Enough said . There goes < PROPMALE > , look at how he shines . < PROPMALE > is so godly that he is too much for human eyes . Def 3 : a very hot male . usually a wanna be skater . with a very hot body . and hard to get along with most of the time . girl 1 :: did you see that dude walking by ?? girl 2 :: yeah he looks like a total < PROPMALE > to me . 
had bubble tea and karaoked the night away , what could be better :) 
Logs on to find this new outline ... Facebook , you're just like a very very indecisive girl that can't decide what she wants .. very unattractive . In other news the gym and working out with the cuz was bomb and had a lot of fun 
so tired .. but I want to keep playing bass .. com'on body 
????????????????? 
Meiko Kaji is officially my lyrical inspiration 
had a fun day , I guess it's time to call it a wrap and go to bed . 
Is back from Death Valley , man what a trip that was 
WWOOOOOAAAHHOOOO !! 
Thank you all for the Birthday wishes , partied all day and night , now sleep is must . 
3 hour hike and pizza . Awesome day 
Picante burrito = Love 
I feel relieved knowing that I decided that Im quitting my job sometime within the next month . Bug me for discounts on books and movies . 
Done with school early . What to do . Its a beautiful day for a hike and to play music 
2 days til the paleo trip . So pumped 
Blasting the Ke$ha album saw spiderman dance in the street , bubble tea . Pretty good day . 
So .. many .. fossils ! 
Ring Mountain 
Kingdom Hearts is such a legit game ! 
My midterm was at 8 and I thought it was 12 . Ffffuuuu !! 
may travel to the Midwest during the summer ... hmm . ROAD TRIP !! 
OMG I hit the < PROPFIRST > pot , SWEET ROOM live DVD by Sugar is amazing , I got to go find that chick in Japan town and thank her ! 
Feels pretty screwed knowing he has to present a Speech between the differences in Jaapanese and American Geology in Japanese and have it fully prepared by tomorrow 
Alright Paleo paper , you , me ... let's dance 
The pillows !! 
The Pillows were fucking amazing , such an amazing night ! 
wishes he could actually care about finals , ugh , can't concentrate , so ready for the summer 
Alright , last final of the semester ... I got this 
Done ! 
I got no clue what was in those Cigars , but I'm not going smoke them any more , though I'm curious how a hooka experience would be 
hmmm , Miyavi tickets are $47 don't know if I want to go , sure he's a great Japanese musicans , just not $47 good . 
Nigah night 
I got blisters on me fingers ! 
thinks it's sad that a shooting occured durring Pink Saturday , honestly I don't understand why there is so much hatred towards someone of different sexuality 
Hates insomnia 
Name a time during Clue , when colonel Mustard wasnt guilty ... Yeah I can't think of one either . 
Happy bday Maxi ! 
Kanon Wakeshima was in SF and I didn't know about this .... ARRRGGGG 
Second song completed , now to perfect them 
The Octopus choose Spain , fate has been decided ! 
Hmm to travel or not to travel .. that is the question 
Had a Maroon 5 ad appear on the side , I clicked the X < PROPFIRST > to get rid of it . Facebook asked me why , my response ... Offensive 
No matter what I do , all I think about is you\ 
Even when I'm with my boo , know you know I'm crazy over you 
Whats a better band name White Ash or barcode of a wife 
Oh baby it's okay , you're just sick that's all you'll be fine in a couple of days T T_T T ( car is dying ) 
Inception lived up to it's name , Great movie , though my mind should not be bended that way again for a while . 
Cinniminions plus Ihop . Score 
Prop 8 is being overturn for bein unconstitional , damn straight 
Poppin bottles in the ice , like a blizzard\ 
When we drink we do it right gettin slizzard\ 
Sippin sizzurp in my ride , like Three 6\ 
Now I'm feelin so fly like a G6 
Is missing a dear friend and hope they are doing well , where ever they are . 
Needs something to do , why aren't things open at this hour besides Safeway 
Definitely an interesting evening , alright Castlevania Portrait of Ruin , don't ruin my evening 
alright piano , bright it on 
back to school in T minus 12 hours ... 
Why am I not tired . Fffffuuuu 
Moi dix mois new album release in December , T T_T T words can not describe my happiness after waiting for 3 years 
It's prostitution to the kids who listen from the right and out the left\ 
Twins and seven colours of rainbow\ 
It can't be saved the sorrow\ 
I question it all , why oh why ? 
\The\ 
As people begin to wake up to their day , I start ending it . Insomnia ... We cant be friends anymore come back during winter break . When life will be a piece of cake . 5am is not a good time to go to bed . I turn back and wave goodbye . 
Got to shoot some hos , they'z need some explaining to do 
Is deciding to make a huge sacrifice in order to follow a dream .. let's hope things work out for the best 
Super drained from today's jam session , but things are looking really well for the future , got to keep up the momentum 
even when I get kicked down , I'll always stand back up 
Is 110% addicted to Supernatural ... damn it's gonna be a long night 
Its going to be a long day today . Alright bring it 
Just heard the most inspiring bass solo at an ihop . Must make more music ! 
is having an awesome time at my mom's birthday , the day couldn't be better . It's like everything today didn't matter till right now :) 
Dear god what a night , Ive never had that much fun at a concert before . Me and the bassist had eye contact . He spat roses at me .. And I liked it 
Cant walk ... This cant be good 
Finally found tabs that I've been dying to know for months by Tokyo Jihen , followed by listening to < PROPFEMALE > Autumn , awesome night it's turning out to be . time to pick up the bass again . 
Working by myself today . Fml 
Neither Atheists or gays can be boyscott leaders . Sorry future son I dont promote hate or discrimination , you're not going there . Go sell lemonade . 
can't sleep to anxious .. fffffuuuuuuuu 
Baked a cake like a man 
Oh magic quija board is there anyone who wants to comunicate .... Silence .. Yeah thats what I thought . 
Cup of coffee and a double shot . Hope I'll start waking up soon . 
expanding my bass knowledge by learning to play latin style playing , followed by ps3 and tv , oh tonight is gonna be awesome 
Bored at work , someone visit meh 
Might have his first local gig this Friday ... crossing fingers , got to get things straightened out . 
had a great day . Thank you The MYC for letting us have a slot for open mic , we hope to be back soon . 
God this headache really blows , I guess doing some PCP will help me fall asleep 
Not only does a hoecake sound sexy , it looks delicious . Must have some 
This weather is so odd its like the season do what they feel like , where's my rain and hot chocolate ? 
War is not about who is right but who is left 
Has decided that one day his dream of playing Drunk Strip Jenga will happen 
\Dean ... What do I do ?? \ " \ " Fight the Faeries < PROPFIRST > ... FIGHT THE FAERIES !! \"" 
Got an hr to spare in novato , oh what to do 
okay ... let me get this right .. so I finish the school year and now you want me to wait a whole month and a half for a new supernatural episode .... ffffffuuuuuu 
Happy 2010th Birthday Raptor Jesus 
Aah , nothing like playing bass at 2Am 
Finally got around to learning brown eyed girl on bass , damn good song 
Well , after I learned my DS blew a fuse , my bass cable got destroyed , a valuable Bass Cd broken , all in one day , there's one thing I learned which is to never let it get me down . 
finally had inception happen to me , where I had a dream within a dream , hopefully that's the last one I'll have 
performed surgery on his bass , it was a success . 
Today's the big day , let's do it ! 
making spongebob macaroni and prepping < PROPMALE > grey tea , dope dinner 
Jury Duty FFFFFUUUUU , just gonna vote guilty and go home 
I can't sleep cause of you , where ever you are you're gonna pay for this . 
Come on back girl , \ 
Come on back home , baby , to me . 
well White Stripes ... goodbye , thanks for the catchy songs 
Just had a flash back memory to middle school , so it turns out I was a bassist in the making and didn't know it . I remember walking with my old walkman and everyone would listen to my music and notice the bass was cranked up .... followed by the memory of them turning the bass down .... so it seems not much has changed . 
well my carparts got jacked and I'm still being pushed to go to work , great Saturday 
uhh , left my phone at the house , feel so naked 
forgot meh phone again , I guess it's phoneless week 
\saa ? odore yo ? odore ? kurue ? futari no kage wa hakanaku\ 
So its nice and < PROPFEMALE > the last two weeks but on spend your money day it rains heavily , I think nature is trying to say something 
Is watching paint dry ... Seriously 
Voice of Temptation whispers you far away 
Me : its quiet in the library awesome I can finally read opens book , I like to inform the reader that ...... Befor .... zzzzzzzzzz . Yup I fell asleep in the library embarssing , maybe rejuvinating ? Yes . 
do you have any < PROPMALE > spoons ? 
The man that hath no music in himself , \ 
Nor is not mov'd with concord of sweet sounds , \ 
Is fit for treasons , stratagems and spoils ;\ 
The motions of his spirit are dull as night\ 
And his affections dark as Erebus :\ 
Let no such man be trusted 
The Proximity of Fingering .... only a musician can look at that and take it seriously 
Dean : . heheh who knows , maybe we'll even get a Snooki-sighting Sam : ... What's a Snoooki . Dean : ... That's a good question\ " , 2011-02-21 22:19:42 " 
apparently a fight broke out in < PROPFIRST>'s in Massachusetts , when a woman asked the table next to hers if she can have some < PROPFEMALE > syrup . Which in response \B*tch your pancakes look fine to me\ " it's the small things that make me smile " 
Chinese online gamer dies after playing for 3 days straight , although he is a lightweight .. he probably brought a lot of honor for guild-san . 
