Goin back to GA 

GA or < PROPFEMALE > ? 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Mays 1958-2009 
Just got his alienware laptop heck yea 
this site can guess any person you think of Akinator.com 
Tryin to plan all the going away parties and stuff tell me if u wanna do somethin ! 
i need somethin to do up here in philly ! 
tired 
project then foosball 
House sold in GA 
golf tomorrow hellz yea 
golfin was good eatin lunch bbl 
Phillies game tonight 
Chillin ' out maxin ' relaxin ' all cool 
workout tomorrow mornin , flight lessons in the afternoon 
loooong day 
short hair once again 
flight physical in the mornin more flying lessons in the afternoon , days keep getting more busy 
too busy 
flight practice in the sim text me if u wanna talk 
just taxied took off flew around a good bit landed back at same airport taxied back to spot and parked the airplane in flight sim <--- pilot skills haha cant wait till my real license 
football two a days ... so freakin tired 
out to peace a pizza brb text meh 
wish i can visit friends when i come down to GA 
1st day of school tomorrow ..... 
haha i really need to get a new profile pic now that ive got short hair again 
ACT's ....... 
< PROPFEMALE > on thursday ! 
Reason #1 to hate the North : Raking Leaves 
headed to the gym 
missin GA 
today is officially a sucess , got to wear my tuxedo again 
packing 
in the GA 
NEW LAPTOP 
got a job as a security guard ! 
one more day till the GA 
Skittle pong : it ends horrifyingly colorful 
pretty sure now is a good time to actually go to sleep ... 
back from one hell of a weekend 
FENGA PAPETS 
No mountain is too high , no volcano is too hot , and no Atlantis is too underwater or fictional ! 
listening to some Pendulum 
Go and boil your bottoms , you sons of silly persons ! 
< PROPFEMALE > in two days hell yeah 
finally back in snellvegas for the week 
Work , today is gonna be awesome 
I hate it when you're sitting at your desk and you see a pile of papers start to slide off slowly , then once you get your hand over to stop it they fall all over the floor ... 
Salute to the victims of 9/11 , and lets go Penn State ! 
> Open Computer\ 
> Click Os ( C :) \ 
> Click Windows\ 
> Click Media\ 
> Scroll down to Onestop\ 
> Play\ 
\ 
what 
tired ... 
Long day 
Hot Chocolate + Milky Way Caramel = Liquid Sex in a cup 
2 weeks , what ? 
One WEEK 
According to Google maps directions , one must jet ski across the Pacific Ocean to get from Japan to < PROPFEMALE > 
Last patrol for the night . LETS DO THIS 
Teachers have some 6th sense that tells them when a student is counting down the days to some trip they have planned . When triggered , this sense also makes them assign an irrational amount of assignments . 
I really need that preparation H , I cant believe I left it at home ... D: 
Back from a GREAT weekend 
Two more hours until freedom for almost 2 weeks ! 
Just woke up from a 13 hour sleep ..... feels good 
Packing for a cruise to the Bahamas , gonna be awesome 
Daddy ! Daddy , I made a puppet out of my barf bag ! 
good to be back home 
Deadmau5 ... that is all 
When faced with two choices , toss a coin . \ 
It works not because it settles the question for you , \ 
but because in that brief moment when the coin is in the air , \ 
You know suddenly what you are hoping for . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Hope everyone had a great one , GA in 3 days 
Doctor Who marathon , heck yes 
I'll take a girl stuff bacon burrtango , with bacon please , also a seen a minute twisty , extra bacon , and I'll have some bacon please . 
I hear the voice of god and its telling me \FUEL SCRUBBER CIRCULATION PUMP FAILURE . \"" 
SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY 
Missing the Superbowl due to work ..... 
Gettin poke attacked on facebook , thanks guys 
Bulletstorm is the most obnoxiously violent game ever , and i love it . 
Celebrated Pi day at 1:59:26 PM , legit 
This Anthropology book reads as if the writers took a bet they couldn't complete a textbook where every other word must be longer than 12 letters . 
