happy new year !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

is really tired 
Likes work when I have things to keep myself busy like today . 
is fed up with ridiculousness 
Has 31 .. count ' em 31 ! mosquito bites ! ahhhhhh !!!!! 
is watching the coolest thunder and lightning storm ever !!! There are hundreds of blindingly bright purple/white bolts across the sky every 5 seconds !!! not just flashes but bolts . I haven't seen something like this in years . The power of the thunder is a 
is enjoying the week with my family 
is sad that my family had to leave 
Wants to move away from the train !!! arggg ..... 
is looking forward to going to church 
is glad to have a couple days off 
We put an offer in on a house tonight ! Hope it gets accepted !!!!!!!! 
there's is an awesome double rainbow outside right now :) 
yay ! Our offer was accepted ! I was jumping up in down in the check out line at yokes and everyone was staring , but who cares ! We're going to be home owners ! 
9/11 was an inside job 
we closed on our house today ! we're moving in tomorrow !!! who hoo !!!! 
finally has the internet back ! 
was painting the kitchen from 9:45 am - 6:30 pm today ... NON- STOP ! 
these are all the pictures before we really got much done to it ... I will post more recent pictures soon 
hates how I wasted my last day off .... ugh .... 
can't stop playing farmville !!!!!! 
is excited it's snowing !!! I already have a HUGE snowman in my back yard thanks to my brothers excitment over the snow :) 
Is hoping I don't get the swine flu because I think a certain someone has it . 
feels like I got a fair amount of things done today . 
wishes it was winter already 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
is thinking about life . 
sparkley snow !!!!! It looks fake ! 
is looking forward to CDA tomorrow 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
can't believe that she'll be in california this weekend ! 
I danced with my science teacher in an elevator because I'm a ninja ! 
had fun cathing up with an old friend tonight 
is getting her taxes done today 
on the table or kitchen counter , sometimes on the back of a chair and rarely on the coat hanger where it should be . 
I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE Sweet Dispostion by The Temper Trap !!!!! Everyone go download it now ! 
hey guys send me a harness and help me expand my barn please ! 
can't wait for the weather to warm up . < PROPMALE > and I walked around our property and planned out all the landscaping we want to do and now I'm anxious to get it done , but it's too cold right now ! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness 
man ... summer is sneeking up on us fast . So glad though ! 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend 
Is excited about my new business ! 
A jehovah's witness lady woke me up by the dog barking at her this morning , I didn't answer the door , this lady has stopped by the house numerous times even though I've told her I'm a christian and don't believe in what they do . This 80 year old lady stood at the door ringing the door < PROPFEMALE > for 10 MINUTES while < PROPMALE > was barking at her and her family waiting in the car , outside in the snow ! When is enough , enough ? 
snowing ? 
How many of you really know all of the people on your friend list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to comment how they met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed , at how interesting this can really be ..... have fun !!!! 
yay .. I'm finally starting to feel better ! 
started my garden today ! 
finally off to bed ! 
everyone check out the new pics I posted :) 
Where are all the\ 
\Save the Gulf\ " concerts ? Where are the TV Benefits with Celebrities\ 
people are stupid . It's sad , we all are I guess ... at some point in our lives at least . 
yay ! painted the old guest bedroom and turned it into a office today :) 
Everyone should check out Pandora it's amazing how it knows what you like ! www.pandora.com 
Man , why do I have to think so much ? way to tired to be up this late , but have too much on my mind to go to bed ...... 
needs to find a way to channel my thoughts , feelings , and emotions in a creative or constructive way . 
Is loving the Sun ! 
Feels better 
you have a wonderful man , who works hard to take care of you , would \ 
do anything for you , who makes you laugh , is your best friend , who \ 
wants to grow old with you , will always pick you up when you're down , \ 
who is your world and someone that you're thankful for , then post \ 
... this to your FB 
It seems awfully Un-American to celebrate Independence Day\ 
on the 3rd this year . 
Had an awesome weekend in Port Angeles/Seattle ! 
worked my butt off tonight ! 
Today was bizarre . 1st the power goes out at work ( no \ 
storm or anything ) , then apparently the post for my run dog got ripped \ 
out of the ground by a horse !??? concrete & everything ! ( I live in a subdivision , not a ranch or anything ) then there was a little black\ 
bird walking , not flying , all around the store , then it sprinkled a \ 
< PROPFEMALE > bit while it was < PROPFEMALE > out , then a crazy wind storm came 
the new myspace is surprisingly pretty cool ..... still like facebook way better though :) 
had fun camping this weekend , Priest Lake has the clearest water I've seen ! 
thank you to everyone who made my birthday a great day ! 
got a new phone last night ! 
loving the snow , but not the -11 wind chill factor ! 
It's supposed to snow a lot today ! Can't wait to get up the mountain ! 
Why is the truth so hard ? Everyone is so afraid , hurt or offended by it , when all you really need to do is accept it ! 
Ponder : Why do people allow to themselves to get stuck ? 
Give your best and forget the rest . 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people FAT . Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! ( Re posted from another friend's status message . Feel free to do the same . 
HUSBAND & WIFE WEEK : If your spouse is your best friend , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married ... 4/28/07 
so hard not to be depressed or cynical when you know the truth of the world and see all the people who are completely obilvious and wouldn't beileve it if they heard it . not to easy to act like nothing is wrong anymore . makes me want to get up on a soap box and shout , but they are always the \crazy\ " ones who no one ever takes seriously ......... such a sad world full of sheep ...... " 
can you accept that everything is a deception ? 
What is hard , is necessary . 
to all my facebook friends : Does anyone ever see 222 ? 
Everyone should seriously take the time to check this out . \ 
http://www.haarp.net 
I love the Allman brothers ! 
We are so distracted , we wouldn't know an enigma if we saw one . 
There is no such thing as an accident . 
Learned I love Muse more than I thought I already did , after I reading all of their lyrics ! :) 
I've always heard this , but never really applied it til now . BE THE CHANGE YOU WANT TO SEE IN THE WORLD . 
some perspective ( i did not come up with this ): What if your life was someone elses dream . Do you think they would like what they saw ? 
wondering what tomorrow will hold ...... 
10 degrees sure does get ya ! 
Love is the answer . 
since when did we all become so agreeable ? 
Muse - Uprising lyrics\ 
They get it . Do you ? 
Wise men store up knowledge , but the mouth of a fool invites ruin . Proverbs 10:14 
For the upright will live in the land , and the blameless will remain in it ; but the wicked will be cut off from the land , and the unfaithful will be torn from it . \ 
Proverbs 2:21 -22 
Stand up for something , or you will fall for anything . 
