hurt her metacarpal phalangeal joint on her right foot at the new years party ... stupid blow up race thing !! 

got sick and missed her first two classes of the semester ... blech 
is having fun with rubbing alcohol and matches . Mwahahaha !!! 
had a freakin ' awesome time with one of her most favorite of people . That's right Hailee ... I'm talking about you ;) 
hasn't used this much text in a LONG time lol 
is wondering what the crap she got herself into . Will life ever be simple again ? 
is hoping to survive the next week .... stay alive ! stay alive ! 
gets spoiled with chicken vegetation 
is sure that if she crams one more anatomy term in her head , it will implode 
finally played fire frisbee and almost got caught by the popo !! 
was extremely high off life last night ... or should I say , this morning ? 
wants to cry ..... why !!?!?!? WHY ?!?!??!! 
is obsessed ..... definitely obsessed 
is wishing she could shut off her mind 
feels ...... weird 
is bored out of her mind .... but she should enjoy it while she can 
isn't really sure what to think anymore ... 
is hoping and praying she can work things out 
is so happy !!! Everything has worked out perfectly ! Thank goodness !!!! 
is sooooo tired 
is marvelling at all the coincidental runins she had yesterday . Coincidence ? I think not !!! If you ask me the whole thing is HIGHLY SUSPECT !!! 
is a super taster !!! 
is wondering where the weekend went 
had a very very very very very long exhausting day today . And she didn't even get her laundry done . 
finally got her laundry done . Hurray !!! 
is about to eat thai food .... I'm so dang frickin ' excited . Haven't eaten there in months ! 
likes purple monkeys , but they tormnent me in my sleep , so I fear them too ... It's a vicious never ending cycle 
wishes she didn't have to stay here this weekend :( 
due to grammatical correction is supposed to say that she wishes she wasn't so responsible by doing the right thing staying in Rexburg this weekend . 
due to further grammatical correction is supposed to say that she wishes she WEREN'T so responsible by doing the right thing staying in Rexburg this weekend . :P 
has the ability to turn brothers against each other ... didn't know I had that power 
would very much like a break 
will most definitely have to be careful . Gosh frickin ' darn it !!! 
gets free printing due to the tender mercies of < PROPFEMALE > . Therefore , marvelous < PROPFEMALE > gets her job . Fair exchange ? Hmmm .... 
was cleansed spiritually and physically yesterday :) 
once again feels like she's digging through a pile of crap for a bread crumb . 
is quarantined ..... pooh ... 
is prolly not going to be in Rexburg this winter .... dunno .... gotta pray about it .. 
is calming herself down 
never ceases to be amazed 
just got attacked by makeup 
has a test every day of this week ..... what the heck ?!?! I didn't think it could worse .... it just did .. 
shouldn't have said anything ... just found out it's not five tests ... it's six lol 
is finally done all her tests !!! Praise be !!! 
got SIX yahtzee's in two games !!!!! Holy Craziness !!! 
just realized the bulk of her homework is anatomy and physiology .... hmmm .... the root of all my problems this semester 
played the drums today and realized how amazing they are . It's seriously a high when you're playing properly and on beat 
is all dressed up and ready to eat and then DANCE !!! 
is so not ready for school to start back up again :/ 
is so so so so grateful for the thanksgiving break !! The small break was exactly what she needed 
is wondering why she was excluded .... hmmm .... 
is super tired . Need ... sleep .... 
is managing school with a combination of Horkleys , hand and foot , and talking on the phone 
is done with two finals ..... only six more to go !!! 
is torn 
is almost done her papers !!! Whahoo !! I pretty much have my picture to take and the getting of my license :P Stupid Washington 
is missing her friends like crazy !!! Come save meeeeeeee !!!! 
saw purple monkeys today ... aren't they lovely to behold ? 
is preparing for her super big , top secret trip to Seattle for a whole dang week !! I'm stoked ! 
has done the dirty deed ... she has officially shut off her cellphone !! I feel like a different person ... 
ate some pretty darn good pizza today ... but it did not measure up to Craigos ... I think I'm obsessed 
talked to Bishop last night !! One more interview to go !! 
has found a running < PROPMALE > !! I found a condor running around in my backyard and he makes a great exercise partner !!! 
is loving these beautiful < PROPFEMALE > days out here !!! I am loving it !! 
' s papers are officially sent !!! Now I just have to do my favorite thing called waiting :P 
is busy busy busy and it feels good :) 
is strongly disappointed with with the pieces of paper that are delivered in her box day after day 
cannot believe it but she did get mail today and it was a < PROPFEMALE > ticket . I got a check from the government : a whole whopping 59 dollars and 54 cents !! 
was wrong .... she really did get the < PROPFEMALE > ticket in the mail !!! 
is called to serve in the Canada Toronto West Mission English speaking !!! I head out to the MTC on June 2nd . 
saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland .... it was ok , neither good nor bad . I wanted to hack off < PROPFEMALE > Hathaway's arms though !! 
made a very yummy dinner .... and cookies ... mmmmm 
has figured out why a < PROPFEMALE > is like a writing desk 
tonights game between < PROPMALE > and Kansas was crazy !!! I was on pins and needles the whole time ! Sad day < PROPMALE > didn't win .... I was rooting for ' em . 
is missing breadcrumbs 
is .... I don't know how I am ... 
got some prick pricks in my shoulders today .... the lady told me they would hurt for the next few days . And I didn't even get a lollypop !!! :P 
is all ready to go and serve . Now I just have to wait ... 
got scared in the < PROPFEMALE > today , which led to the destruction of the zipper on her dress 
I'm home !!! For a week and then I leave for reals !!! 
ate a country cow yesterday . It most definitely said , \Maouuuuu !! \"" 
is officially a missionary !! Two more days people !! 
is leaving tomorrow morning ! Here is my MTC address :\ 
\ 
Sister < PROPFEMALE > Brandley\ 
MTC Mailbox # 145\ 
CAN-TORW 0623\ 
2005 N 900 E\ 
Provo , UT 84604-1793\ 
I'll be in Canada in three weeks . My mom will be updating my new addresses when they change . Until then you can send letters to the mission office :\ 
Canada Toronto West Mission\ 
197 County Court Blvd Ste 203\ 
Brampton , ON L6W 4P6 
