is turning in for the night in Davenport Iowa . I made awesome time today 

I got in last night @ 9 , YAYYY !! Bresnan sets up internet on tuesday , until then i'll have very limited access to internet so txt me 
two more classes left today ! not having internet @ home is killing me :-( 
no classes 2morro ! I love friday :) 
is @ the laundromat - internet @ home in 3 days !!! I can't wait 
I have internet !!!! 
just got back from taco tuesday !!! BUT , has 1 more class 2day , ugh 
my last class = 75 minutes of my life that i'll never get back 
two classes on thursday , then hello weekend !!!!!! 
The weekend is here - yayyyyyy !!!!!! Now what ? 
i'm goin out !! 
i had an awesome night , btw thanks < PROPMALE > for thinking about us before heading out of town ... 
goin out again !!! 
All good things must come to an end - including this weekend I guess :( 
class @ 11 , argh ! back to the grind :/ 
woke up 15 minutes ago , I wonder what the day has in store for me ... 
Taco Tuesday !!!!! then class til 9:30 :/ 
first public speaking speech @ noon ! 
my speech isn't till monday ! WTF 
' s computer will be undergoing scheduled maintenance between the hours of 8:30 and 10:00 pm MDT ... If you need me call or txt 
had an awesome thirsty thursday ... to be continued tomorrow 
Funny the way it is if you think about it , Somebody's going hungry Someone else is eating out . Funny the way it is , not right or wrong , Somebody's heart is broken and it becomes your favorite song 
going out ... 
On board I'm the captain so climb aboard We'll search for tomorrow on every shore And I'll try , oh Lord , I'll try To < PROPFEMALE > on ... 
Kids these days .... 
23-17 GIANTS ! Yeah baby ! 
midnight run to walmart !!! 
mission accomplished 
Is it still only monday ??? :( 
tuesday = meh 
is already thinking about friday's dinner 
Figures i'd get sick just in time for the weekend F M L :-/ 
That was an intense final 4 seconds , yeah tynes !!! 
is totally PSYC'D that < PROPFIRST > is gonna be here in a few hours !!! 
is leaving for < PROPMALE > to pick up < PROPFIRST > ! 
why does everyone except me have off for yom kippur ? i'm Jewish !!!! 
is not looking forward to spending 2 hours of my evening in class , i wanna enjoy what looks like the last decent weather day of the year - its 68 out ! 
Speech no . 2 tomorrow ,,, wish me luck ! 
why the hell am i up at this ungodly hour of the morning ? 
Well this has been a day full of ups and downs . At least tomorrow starts the weekend . Hopefully i'll be in a more pleasant mood in the morning 
feeling very introverted today ,,, don't wanna go to english and talk about abstract concept mapping for an hour , @ least the teacher's going to cut class early by 1/2 hour :-\\ 
All you jersey people have no idea what you're missing : the tumbleweed is beautiful this time of year :) 
When the world ends collect your things you're coming with me , When the world ends you tuckle up yourself with me , Watch it as the stars disappear to nothing , The day the world is over we'll be lying in bed ... 
actually had a productive day for once despite it being saturday ! < PROPMALE > and I changed 2 tie rods on my Jeep , it's not gonna fall apart while i'm driving ! YAY !!! 
A good day followed by a long night ,,, i'm going to bed so i can be up to see the giants beat kansas city 2morrow :) 
Well tonight well tonight will it ever come ? Spend the rest of your days rocking out just for the dead Well tonight will it ever come ? I can see you awake anytime in my head . 
woke up a half hour ago and its 31 out ... time for the carhartt 
is growing more and more insane by the hour and music class is not going to help 
its 60 degrees out and beautiful - inside , a tornado just ripped everything apart , it's all upside down 
Freedom is the gift of the self , to the self , and it is given and received best when the self is alone - < PROPFIRST > Spence 
can't believe i got a 74 on my second speech ,,, I suck 
One of my teachers has pink eye , 2/3 classes cancelled today = time to catch up on work 
lunch , clean the apartment , then homework ,,, my life is so interesting 
Ever set your alarm clock to pm instead of am ? FML 
might be getting sick again ... break out the bleach ! 
Just booked my flights home in december ! txt if you wanna know details 
this game is terrible ; i'm gonna go do laundry :/ 
chinese food and clean laundry ; i'm ready to take on the world 
just hacked up phlegm on my trackpad ,,, EWWW !!!! 
so class just got cancelled b/c like 5 people showed up . Don't waste my gas people ! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > :.( I miss you already . You were the definition of commitment , and nobody can ever be as good as you were . 
Cheers < PROPFIRST > , This one's for you : ' -( 
ok , theres between 4 and 6 inches of snow on the ground right now , still snowing since last night , and the interstate is closed ... Can someone please explain to me why I still have school today ??? WTF ? 
and the snow just keeps piling up ... 
my laptop has been stuck in a fedex facility for 3 days now b/c I-80 is closed , and I'm wondering if I'll ever see it again ... 
miracle of miracles !!! my laptop is back !!! 
Off to class ... again :/ 
YANKEES !!!!!!!!! WOOT ! 
my jeep is such a piece ............. not happy 
i'm done with football ,,, this is becoming pathetic 
So a little person just won on the price is right ,,,, they basically let her win . Where do you draw the line with cripple pity ??? 
and in other news we're getting snow tonight and tomorrow night !!! 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works 
Cable is out at home = no internet & no idea when its gonna come back to life , thank god for mobile updates 
academic reinstatement meeting for fall 2010 @ UW ... Wish me luck !!! 
I'M IN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Dinner @ < PROPFEMALE>'s then im celebrating !!! 
ugh , laundry 
the events of last night necessitate me aquiring a new pillow ... enough said 
The Fray is performing @ UW tonight !!! 
sitting at PHX waiting for my flight back to < PROPMALE > 
Back in laramie after a long day of traveling . Home in 3 weeks !!! 
very proud of myself ; just convinced bresnan to give me free dvr for the next 9 months 
It's snowing sideways ! FML !!! 
Last speech is DONE !!! Now for the dreaded english paper ... 
Classes are complete . Three exams to go 
exams in public speaking @ noon and sociology @ 4 -- let the fun begin ! 
DONE !!!!!!! One more day in this town then I\M COMING HOME !!!!!! " 
one more day in jersey ... break was absolutely amazing but way too short 
26 days just like that . Later jersey , I gotta start an awesome semester - See everyone in May ! Look out Wyoming ! Here I come ! 
Back in Laramie safely . Getting settled in today and tomorrow . Class starts on thursday ! Bring it on ! 
just finished re-arranging my room ! 
BEEFCAKE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
:/ just got back from colorado springs on a wing and a prayer . :/ Took 6 hours . :/ Something must be done about my jeep :/ 
nothings ever easy 
doing laundry and having fun with MS Access ... I have no life 
92.3 NOW just shouted out to Wyoming thanks to me !!! Woot !!! 
bored at school , hour till lit class . Then home , food , watching the state of the union address , homework , then bed - I have such an interesting life 
feels freezing with a splitting headache ... I don't wanna be sick 
Oh excedrin - what would I do without you ? 
it's another tylenol pm night unfortunatly . l8r 
I hate being sick 
has a lot of work to do and doesn't feel like doing much of anything . I'm going to the doctor tomorrow :/ 
some penicillin is going to clear it right up :-P 
no weekend for me :( 
Happy 100th birthday BSA ! --- unlike most 100 year old things you're still going strong :) 
wow , the new angels and airwaves album is absolutely amazing ... If it can't put you in a good mood nothing will :) 
I hate Lawwndry 
Taco Tuesday ! 
one month + 2 days = pure hell 
working at coe because the cable company thought today would be a good day to make command central out of my bedroom ... theres about 15,000 wires coming through a new hole in my wall right now 
AZ in 5 days !!!!!! 
SPRING BREAKKKKKKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
All ready for Phoenix !!! 
my flight is delayed a half hour 
: | 
Taco Tuesday !!!! 
how the hell is it 91 back home and 33 here AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
so today starts off anticlimactic , lets see how bad it can get . 
Verizon is being retarded all over CO and southern WY ,,, for the time being AIM or FB chat !!! 
is tired of snow in what is now almost May 
Do you know how long i've been waiting for this day ??? 
Thanks everyone for your birthday wishes and special thanks to my friends who shared in the day - yoous guys are awesome ! 
Hates jambo ppl - none of you know how to fold a friggin tent or clean up after yourselves - you all suck 
Dts for the first time in a while 
Dear pennsylvania , you SUCK at road construction ! ive just encountered my 5th on i80 and they each take 20 friggin minutes to get through . AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!! 
When there's a fork in the road , take it . 
Southwest Airlines boarding group thing is retarded - I checked in exactly 24 hours prior to departure - almost to the second - and apparently 43 people are quicker at clicking their mouse than I 
Arizona = absolutely perfect - not a care in the world ( for at least the next 5 days ) ... never looked forward to a change of scenery as much as now :))) 
back in frigid laramie 
We're like two birds in a tree 
stop the presses : its saturday night and i did my homework 
Watching Nazi UFO Conspiracy on the Planet Green channel ..... no friggin clue 
I got a haircut ! is TMZ going to do a report on me too ??? 
OMG I KNOW HOW TO SUBNET !!!!!!!!!!!! 
