Oh R'Lyeh ? Ya R'Lyeh! 

* < PROPFEMALE > sigh * I'm too jaded for my age . 
Well ... just woke up from a fun and interesting night . Hope the rest of you enjoyed it ! 
Just got done playing Dragon Age ... and now realizes it's 5:30 in the goddamn morning ... 
In my place , in my place , were lines that I couldn't change , and I was lost ... 
Let us remember , life's such a beautiful mistake\ 
It's precious and fragile , sometimes more than we can take\ 
It's stronger than fire , greater than all things men create\ 
And I don't know what you want from me\ 
But I don't wanna be perfect anymore 
Watching a spider crawl up my wall ... and would probably be one of the few people to do so without cringing in fear . 
Never before have I seen so many choices in the gender box of an application ... Guy , Dude , Gentleman , Chap , Ninja , Jedi , Grrl , Chixxor ... Male and Female are at the bottom of the list . ( gog.com ) 
I wonder why I try so hard when the end result is never worth the cost . Somebody save myself from me . 
Everything has fallen apart ... what turned out to be a good night is turning into a fuckin ' nightmare . I fuckin ' give . 
Now my heart is a mess , murder scene in my chest \ 
\ 
Not a clue how you got through the door\ 
But I'm glad that you came , no regret and no shame\ 
As I'm lying here dead on the floor 
Work at 7AM tomorrow ... do not want to go . Leave me nice messages while I'm gone . Much grass . 
Going out to sea today . Just gonna be a few days , so I won't be missing too much . 
Do you count on me now ? And do you wait up for me all night ? \ 
I wish I could run to you when you need me . \ 
You know I can't be far ... for long ... 
So happy to see the parents again ... can't wait to see the little brother on Monday , though . 
I'm a frock 3rd class ! Now I just have a few days of indoc before I put the chevron on and another 6 months before I get paid that , lol . 
You can call me Petty Officer Grammer , now ! =D 
Time for sleep . It has been too long of a day . 
I don't want to be perfect anymore . You don't have to be perfect anymore , ' cuz your love is perfect just the same . 
A fun weekend away with the cousins . Happy father's day to all . Underway on nuclear power tomorrow . 
Eye exam today . Pupils are dilated . Everything is bright and my depth perception is way off . Ow . 
Good ol ' thunderstorm . Power to the base is out . Pizza Hut for lunch . Hooyah ! 
When comfort is an empty evening\ 
Hanging onto complications\ 
Sometimes quick sand has a massive appeal to me 
Sitting on the bed or lying wide awake\ 
There's demons in my head and it's more than I can take\ 
I think I'm on a roll but I think it's kinda weak\ 
Saying all I know is I gotta get away from me 
is planning on quitting tobacco . I think I can figure it out , but I'm gonna need a little help to get me through this . Anybody ? 
To the world of StarCraft ... you have taken over my life yet again . 
I'm afraid I tend to disappear\ 
Into an anxious state\ 
When you draw near\ 
There is no reasoning\ 
It's quite a silly thing\ 
But it's the way I've been for years\ 
So I will understand if you don't stay\ 
They say I'm great at first\ 
But then the magic fades\ 
Into an awful < PROPFEMALE > of dismal views\ 
And pessimistic attitudes 
I hate moving sososo much . 
I love that if I ever need a confidence boost , I just go to the gay bar . =P 
I so want to get back on track\ 
And I'll do whatever it takes\ 
Even if it kills me ... \ 
( Underway today ... be back soon ) 
I wish I was < PROPFIRST > Estacado . 
I'll destroy this useless heart\ 
I'll fuck it up so it'll never beat again\ 
Not just for me but for anyone 
Them : Tell me that you're alright ! \ 
Me : ... everything is alright . \ 
Why is my life a MCS discography on infinite loop ? 
I'll kick tomorrow\ 
Fight back at the pouring rain\ 
I'll send the weakends\ 
Down the drain , down the drain 
It's a little weird to sit down and read psych evals about yourself , and more than a little saddening ... 
We have doubled the washers at my barracks , which means ?... we have two washers , and both are taken . FML 
I am the artist in the ambulance ... 
I am due for a miracle\ 
I'm waiting for a sign\ 
I'll stare straight into the sun\ 
And I won't close my eyes\ 
Until I understand or go blind 
I want my muse back ... now that I'm not as busy , I'm getting back into writing ... inspiration , please ? 
Hysteria , hysteria\ 
It's happening again\ 
I fall apart , I fall apart\ 
I'm back where I began\ 
If it were anybody else but you\ 
I would not be afraid\ 
A total calamity\ 
Of the choices I have made 
Why does my mind have to be a fractured mess of paranoid anxiety and hopeless confusion ? Why do I need medecine to tell me I'm alright ? When does it end ? I am the one who lost his way ... 
About to watch Toy Story 3d with friends . 
Standing watch for hours at a time gives me time to think , not all good thoughts either . This medicine should make it better though ... 
Going on a bike ride with my cousins ... god help me , lol . 
Pedaled 9 < PROPMALE > , went to a car show , met up with a friend ... today was a good day . 
Maaaatt Daaamooon ! 
Time for Nightwatch ... this better be epic . 
I have a car now . When I'm back in Texas , I'll be a happy camper . =) 
Maybe one day I could live normally without any help , but for now ... I'll need 20mg and cigarettes everyday ... 
A ghost is all that's left of everything we swore we never would forget ... \ 
We tried to bleed the sickness , but we drained our hearts instead ... \ 
We are the ones who lost our faith ... \ 
We dug ourselves an early grave ... \ 
We are the dead ... can we be saved ? 
If I ever feel down , I shall turn to ' The Big Bang Theory ' ... it is the shit ! 
Sleep is on my mind . Watch at 4AM , so I'm gonna snooze this duty day away . 
I has it . The Halo : Reach limited edition console . Bow before its awesomesauce . 
Seperation physical on the 27th . Not too much longer now ... 
I wish I could do the shit they did on Night/Day Watch 
I have a few names for my cat . I'm torn between Einstein , < PROPMALE > , and Sergeant Fuzzyboots ! 
Watching a spider build its web . It's quite beautiful to watch . 
Give away a love and then remove another too . \ 
Painted words adorn the walls echoing untrue . \ 
I feel cold ... \ 
Promises abound you rarely find them to begin . \ 
Maybe I'm afraid to let you all the way in . \ 
I guess so ... \ 
I excuse myself , I'm used to my little cell . \ 
I amuse myself in my very own private hell ... 
Pounding headache , stuffy nose , extreme exhaustion ... man , I am on fire today . 
If I were a werewolf , this place would be fucked . 
* sigh * I'm no longer working at Group 2 . Now it's back to menial tasking again ... 
Nothing like watching Spongebob to remind me of good times . 
It matters not how strait the gate\ 
How charged with punishments the scroll\ 
I am the master of my fate\ 
I am the captain of my soul 
I'm getting an honorable discharge ! YEAH ! 
For the first time , the happy pills aren't getting me through this . Someone else please save myself from me . 
If you make me use my imagination , you're gonna end up in a threesome with your boyfriend and a llama ... 
15 days left in the Navy ... \ 
7 days left for group PT\ 
5 more duty days left ... \ 
Freedom has never tasted so sweet . 
It's a rainy day ... the mood for tonight is set , hehe . 
Just got done cooking for my friends ... everyone is fat , dumb , and happy now . I'm so happy with how it turned out . 
13/5/4 
All I can do is close my eyes and cross my heart and hope to die ' cuz you don't fucking listen when I'm around . \ 
The least you can do is take it back , all the vicious remarks and verbal attacks , ' cuz I can't fucking stand it when you're around . 
Reading the Dead Space novel ... reeeal creepy . 
Holy shit . Finished one novel today , and already halfway through a second . I'm on a roll ! 
Finished my second book this week . I'm on a roll ! 
Only two more duty days , not including this one . Texas , I'm coming home to you . 
An early morning for watch sucks , but it was worth it . Had an amazing night with an amazing girl on my mind . 
Fermented balls ... 
Being evil ( in game ) never felt so good ... 
I'm on Facebook ... because < PROPFEMALE > has a browser tab that I can use ... I think that's a pretty awesome idea ! 
You're like a cock in slow motion . It's like watching you fappin ' through a windshield ! 
A nice long conversation with you was just what the doctor ordered . Your crazy mind , kindred soul , and tender heart make any of our moments memorable . Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
My last watch in the Navy starts now . Freedom , you are all but mine . 
I am a free man ... though I can't feel I appreciate it ... heh ... 
Hanging out with the cousin for a few days . This should be interesting ... 
I'm starting to believe the ocean's much like you ... \ 
Because it gives and it takes away ... 
Hmmm ... I'm still awake ... I'm thinking I have problems . 
I awake to find no peace of mind . \ 
I said , \How do you live as a fugitive ? \ " \ 
I'm already back to the old habit : playing games ' til sunrise ... life is good . 
I wouldn't say ' mission accomplished ' ... but we didn't fail miserably ... for that I say ' mission salvaged ' ... =) 
I'll < PROPFEMALE > t this broken heart\ 
I'll fix it up so it will work again\ 
Better than before\ 
Then I'll < PROPFEMALE > in a mystery\ 
A tragic tale of all that's yet to come\ 
With fingers crossed there will be love ... 
I'm worthless ... end of discussion ... 
My capacity for bouncing back is getting better ... the human mind is a weird thing . 
I'm good at willing myself out of bad dreams ... but when it comes to night terrors , I'm helpless ... but I know it's just sleep paralysis , so it's not as scary . 
Just hit 24 hours ... time to sleep ... never much liked the say time anyway . 
Moving out to null-sec on < PROPFEMALE > ... even if you don't know what that is , wish me luck anyway . 
I'm a saaaaaad panda . 
I've touched down in Texas . After all this time , I'm finally home ... 
I can hardly wait until my damn party gets started tomorrow ... 23.5 hours to be precise . 
I will not be pushed , filed , stamped , indexed , briefed , debriefed or numbered . 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday , and thanks to the ones who were able to show up to the party . It was thirty-two different kinds of epic ... minimal hangover , too ... and someone really awesome to drunk text until I pass out ... =) 
By the way guys .... I lost my phone ... and it's dead ... so here for a little while , I'll be phoneless until my new phone comes in ... either Monday or Tuesday . Call me on the house phone until then : 817-573-8870 
Going skydiving today ... oh man , wish me luck ! =P 
NEW VIDEO ! Watch it now ! =P 
No you girls never know\ 
Oh no , you girls'll never know\ 
How you make a boy feel 
Just got my new phone in the mail ! 
It sucks wanting to talk to someone ... and not feeling motivated because you think no one cares what you say ... I wish my mind wasn't a broken toy nobody wants to fix ... 
Just got done watching the Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus . Quite the intriguing flick . 
Smoking a cigarette in nothing but my boxers ... God , I love being home . 
YEAH TOAST !!! 
Watching The Walking Dead . Wish I had some company . 
Now I'm watching The Prisoner . It seems good so far . 
Alright , I'm just going to say this once , and it will make me feel better if all my friends hear it too : < PROPFEMALE > , I hope you FUCKIN ' DIE ! 
Watching \The Pacific\ " . Who wants to join me ? " 
At a random coffee shop with the mom . Some kinda stand up comedy thing going on . Gets me out of the house , so I'm okay with it . 
Too many Christian overtones in that coffee house . Glad we left when we did . Now , for something completely different . 
I never ever cried when I was feeling down\ 
I've always been scared of the sound\ 
Jesus don't love me , no one ever carried my load\ 
I'm too young to feel this old 
My body aches , it heaves it shakes\ 
All somersaults through so-called art\ 
And I still don't know exactly who I am\ 
I never will\ 
Amen 
Is it the in thing to do these days ? Have a Fuckin ' child before you turn 21 ? Seriously ? Most of you are fuckin ' idiots to begin with . 
Help yeah , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Why do people have over 1,000 friends on Facebook ? Honestly ... you don't talk to even half these people ... do you just want to feel like you did in high school ? 
Sometimes , I think the only way for humanity to be cured is if the Earth were bathed in nuclear fire . Maybe I just hate everyone that much ... 
It's sad that my longest conversation of the day came from the admissions rep for IADT . 45 minutes ... god , I need a life . 
My biggest regret in life is not a girl who broke my heart ... it's not giving it to the girl who most deserved it . 
Salvation lies behind those dead eyes that watch you sleep every night . 
Bye bye , Blackbird ... 
Hi , I'm Dude Manrod , and I shave with an angry ferret . THAT'S TOUGH ! 
I is mining on < PROPFEMALE > ! It's really just to kill time until Insomnia opens . 
At a club . Lots of people . Bored out of my mind . Go me . 
Just watched the trailer for Cowboys and Aliens ... DO WANT ! 
I'm looking at profiles ... and despite the fact that some people are older than me ... need to go back to middle school ... because your spelling is an embarrassment ... 
On my way to see the Cowboys play ... Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
Thanksgiving = Fail . Thanks Dad for ruining a Cowboys game and making alcohol less appealing to me . 
I love being 21 . So drunk ... 
* sigh * 
God ... I hate being sick ... 
Alright , I'm going to go on a deletion spree ... it's time to get rid of some \friends\ " on my list ... you all have 48 hours ... starting an hour and a half ago ... " 
24 more hours ... and then it's time to cull the heard . 
Just got back from my first date in ... who knows how long ... and yes , it was pretty sweet . =) 
If you are reading this ... you have survived not one , but two rounds of deletion . Congratulations , you are still worth a damn . 
Fuck my life , I hate cleaning ... but I'm getting moneys ... and I do love me some moneys ! =D 
Since everyone seems to be choosing a random cartoon to put as their profile pic ... I'm gonna go with who you could see me as , Lando ... fuckin ' CYCLOPS ! 
I have a new rave name now ... when we go the club next time , you will now know me as \Faze\ " ! =P " 
Damn right , the Cowboys beat the Colts ! =D 
Alright kids , let us do that number thing . You send me a number in my inbox or whatever\ 
and I'll either tell it how it is between us or answer any question you\ 
want . I doubt many of you will do this , but meh , lets go ! 
27 ) You are indispensable . You've been a very good friend , but if booze ever happens around us ( and it usually does ) , you always make me regret it in the morning , hahaha ! 
42 ) Took us over 20 years to finally meet up , and had some great fun while I've known you . Too bad I'm not up there anymore . Oh , and your family doesn't lie when they say you're a bad influence , which makes us awesome as a team . =) 
13 ) I won't lie , I pretty much hated you for a short time , especially when you told me you wanted to end my career . JOKES ON YOU , LOL ! I ended it myself by accident , and that's when we became friends again , due to the Rangers and the Yankees and a mutual hatred of a certain person . You know who I'm talking about . 
31490 : One good thing out of this , you were probably the most sane person I dated . No seriously , you didn't try to kill me or go crazy on me , so that is definitely a plus . 
26 : I hated your guts at first , mostly over a mutual acquaintance . Then you talked to me first , and now I don't hate your guts . You're actually a pretty cool guy . We should < PROPFEMALE > out one of these days . 
T4C0 : All I can remember are good times with Rock Band , bad times with douchebag that lived with both of us , and ugly times in high school . We need to < PROPFEMALE > out more often , in my opinion . 
24 ) I crushed on you pretty hard when I first met you while we watched Pirates of the Caribbean 2 . The pokes and what not made me all giddy and such . I don't crush on you anymore , but you're still a sweetheart , and I'd be a liar if I said you weren't cute . =) 
33 ) Fuck your idea of a 21st birthday ! Hahaha , but seriously , you've been a good friend throughout school , but we haven't talked much since then . We should < PROPFEMALE > out and have more fun drinking times . I don't want to rendered near comatose next time , however , and if you get a bottle of rum anywhere close to my face again ... 
72 ) I didn't have much of an opportunity to < PROPFEMALE > out with you a whole lot , but I do remember the pretty awesome hotel party that you and I were a part of ... and the remnants of a bottle of vodka I decided to leave all for you . Hope you enjoyed that much , lol . 
37 ) You were the first guy I looked up to while in the Navy . If I had questions , you had answers . Too bad it ended all too soon for you there . I'm just glad you're finding success elsewhere . Oh , and I absolutely do not like talking to you on the phone . You're much more enjoyable in person . 
22 ) I don't know a whole lot about you , but I pretty much fell in love with the fact that you were about as geeky as I was . Too bad I don't think we'll be spending a lot of time together ... 
007 ) Really ? You are not < PROPFIRST > Bond . =P . But since you asked ... I find you to be absotively posilutely gorgeous , and your ability to stay that way after two kids is mind boggling . I wish that we could have spent more time together , but alas ... the Navy didn't like me enough . =( 
77 ) How was I to know that a simple writing exercise would turn into something so epic , both on and off the paper ? I still can't wait for the opportunity to meet with you , and I'm stoked that we are both writing again . You have no idea how happy that makes me ! 
Hahaha ... I must be a sick bastard . 
So they are rebooting the Tomb Raider franchise ... can't tell if I'm excited or nervous about this development . 
Hell , even as an old fuck , < PROPMALE > Eastwood could still kick our collective asses . 
Spending more time with TNM ... oh , how you are so awesome ...! 
I could bury you alive but you might crawl out with a knife\ 
And kill me when I'm sleeping\ 
That's why\ 
I can't decide whether you should live or die\ 
Oh , you'll probably go to heaven\ 
Please don't < PROPFEMALE > your head and cry\ 
No wonder why my heart feels dead inside\ 
It's cold and hard and petrified\ 
Lock the doors and close the blinds\ 
We're going for a ride 
I need a job ... halp ? 
Time for sleep ... thanks for everything , by the way ... and you know who you are . =) 
Interesting chain of events today ... met an age old friend I haven't seen in 6 years , go to a bar , come home for some horror movies , and now the internet isn't working ... eh ? 
Drunk ... hot tub ... missing some clothes ... good night . 
I is makin ' s'ghetti! 
Yup ... Tron was the shit ... 
Fucking nic fits ... I so want a cigarette right now . 
If any of you don't have any plans for New Years , stop by my house . I'm having a little something going on . There will be booze and fireworks ... just sayin ' ... 
I think I'ma play me some Fable 3 . 
Hmmm ... cleaning the house for my sisters arrival ... out of cigarettes ... problem ? I think so ... 
I still fold my clothes in the style of the Navy ... FML . 
I guess I should go to bed now ... * sigh * I hope you're doing alright , you know who ... =( 
So Fable 3 is beat ... and my body is fiending for a cigarette ... ack , why did I have to start smoking in the first place ? 
Sad panda ... Domination match on MW2 , 199 to 130 , seconds left on the clock ... and some douche on the other team launches a tactical nuke ... and we lost ... =( 
One more week until the next installment of Incursion ! YES ! \ 
BTW : This is for < PROPFEMALE > , and I bet more than half of you still don't know what I'm talking about . 
I wonder why so many of you have 100+ photos of yourselves in the same pose , wearing the same smile , with the same people ... if you're going to put pictures up , make sure they're an update or a worthy memory or even something funny , otherwise you just look like an attention whore . 
I assume you all have guns and crack ! 
I am now a licensed driver ... be afraid , be very afraid ... 
If I die , I bequeath to all of you ... a boot to the head . 
