tooth hurts once again .. damn tooth but o well its w/e .... <<< feels like taking a pair of plyers to my mouth >>> GRRRRR ............ 

anyone need a crib its a 3 n 1 crib goes from vcrib daybed to twin size come on im askn hundred for it and if u like 125 will get the cars beddign and wall decor and lil containers and blanket but i just need to get it gone and i need some money to start saving for an actual bed for terrence .... o did i mention its never been slept in nethier ... comon ' someone ... anyone its cheap ...... 
thinks i might just go to sleep so bored n no one is awake la .... la .... laaaa did i mention bored .... nite eva1 ,.,.,. 
WHY ME ?? seriously trying to make it sound like i dont care and i do ... but its whatever -- so tired of my parents .... 
To say whats on my mind at the moment would be total chaos .... sadden , anger , confusion , love , dissapointment ... so meaning feelings all balled into one and yet no answers of whats to come .... 
so many people get so worked up over stupid shit that they act out irrationally and then no one knows the real story except the main characters and in some cases no one wants to listen neither sooo in the end it is sad to know of these things but everything happens for a reason-fate takes course ... good or bad ... 
watching MANSON-my name is evil ..... got to love yourself a killer movie sometimes 
is willing to sell BRAND NEW SPONGEBOB COSTUME for 2-4 yrs old ... for 20 dollars bought it and < PROPMALE > wont even put it on soooo hoping to get a lil back out of it i paid 30 dollars i just need the money to go find somethign else for him for halloween HELP ME OUT HERE PEOPLE .... its getting closer and im running out of stuff :( 
mom still in hospital once again :( hope she does better n a couple days 
Whatever you give a woman , she makes it greater . Give her sperm , she gives you a baby . Give her a house , she gives you a home . Give her groceries , she gives you a meal . Give her kindness , she gives you her heart . She multiplies & enlarges what she is given . So if you give her crap , be ...... ready to get a ton of SHIT ! Post this on your wall if you agree . I hope to see every female repost this !! 
So I guess its time to annouce it : Im Pregnant .... 
finally relax time .. some cleanin 2marrow after work .. ugh .... so done wit drama -HATE people who lie to me ... KARMA IS A BITCH AND YOU WILL GET EVER BIT WRONG YOUVE DONE BACK 10 FOLD --- good luck 
... Before I played it\ 
You knew my hand\ 
You could turn a free\ 
Throw to a goal\ 
Nigga got the peep\ 
Hole to my soul ... you see right through me ... -Nicki Minaj 
still feeling like crap .... i got to go to work tomorrow thou ugh ... feeln like this makes me wish i could just fall asleep n it go away .... im so tired ... 
im tired cranky back hurts legs hurt hmmm im just all complaints grrr goodnite i m off 2 bed and work at 7am blah blah blah 
The Grinch , with his Grinch-feet ice cold in the snow , stood puzzling and puzzling , how could it be so ? It came without ribbons . It came without tags . It came without packages , boxes or bags . And he puzzled and puzzled ' till his puzzler was sore . Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before . What if Christmas , he thought , doesn't come from a store . What if Christmas , perhaps , means a little bit more ... 
I'm not superstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So , copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ..... will be without money . I cannot let that person be ME 
tryn to get < PROPMALE > 2 lay down watchn the avatar wit him ... im tired ... blah ! 
im not going no where ... bad driver in the snow = me ... so to keep eva1 else as safe as i want 2b im off the roads for today so bye 4 now off to do cleaning ... 
Blessings upon you , my baby unborn\ 
Safely inside me , asleep and so warm , \ 
Sleep must come easy to those who are unborn , \ 
As the maker so silently fashions your form . \ 
Sleep , while you can , so watery and warm , \ 
For outside this world is a terrible storm , \ 
Soon you'll discover the taste of your tears , \ 
So sleep now my loved one , my Baby , my Dear . \ 
Author Unknown 
so off to shower finally , feet kil < PROPFEMALE > ng me ! -their a < PROPFEMALE > lswollen not good already ?!? ugh ... we didnt have heat last nite or all day but they fixed it finally thank god ! < PROPMALE > is a ball fo freakn energy < PROPFEMALE > ke he never has a dull moment cleaning todo work at 2 2marro :: sigh :: im tired alot on my plate i just want to relax BLAH !!!!!!!!!! 
thank god my shampooer is fixed ... now to actually use it again .. lol we will see 
called off work today stomach feels weird i started to cramp almost like contractions i would say weird im not far enough for them i dnt think ... time to relax .... 
stupid interent acting funny says im offline grrr goin to take a shower n watch < PROPMALE > jr wit < PROPMALE > :P 
try to just relax today last couple days have been so hectic ... suppose to get our new dish washer today if they actualy show up lol we will see .... 
going to start cleaning fo real today ... lol i never do it ... im easily distracted ... ooo whats that ... buhbyeeeee 
did laundry ... took mom to store ... now to get a shower and clean more of terrences room and yes i actually started on it this morning lol GO ME lol .... o by the way to the few who had my number i sold the cell so no more calls ... 
today has turned out to be crappy it was a given too many good days not to have a bad one ... i give up you do what you want 
in need of someone with a truck that is not going to charge me alot to go to parents house and pick up a table and a cabinet -might take two trips depending on size of truck ... i can give you like 25 dollars soooo ... 
docs appt at 3:00 we will see whats up wit me ... until then wondering where i will start cleaning my room or terrences lol hmmmmmmmmmm 
to all who r concerned : ive been put off work for another week might be the whole pregnancy ?!? nothing too serious i would hope not but ive had early contractions like im only 4months as of today defently should not be having them like this ... but to those who wanted to knw there it is .... good nite 
im not too tired but i am about to go lay down - i dnt knw how < PROPFIRST > n < PROPMALE > do this whole stay up all nite sleep all day ha goodluck its not for me lol ... nite nite 
i have two dressers both can be repainted ... both have a mirror that goes with it and i just need to get rid of them anyone in need or knw someone who is get ahold of me .. im just wanting like 10-15 dollars for ethier one o yea one comes with a night stand too nut the lil handle u have to get another one its gone ....... just really need them out so i can buy this other one n have room for crib .... thanx 
2 6drawer dressers-longways not tall- n a nite stand GIVE AWAY can be repainted i just need them out ASAP want to get stuff done and dont want 2 c them just go to waste any1 want them u can have them all u have 2 do is come get them if not by the end of the week i mite just have 2 let the people take them away when i get a new one 
SO IM OFF WORK FOR GOOD ... I CAN FINALLY RELAX ABOUT STUFF AND HOPEFULLY EVERYTHIGN GOES FINE .... 
HEARTBURN = me waking up everynite for the past 4 nites ... tired ... bored ... nothinhg works neither-what luck thanx 2 baby : P 
well today looks nice with the sun might clean the car out and make it pretty for once lol 
< PROPFIRST > went n played pool ... watching toy story wit < PROPMALE > ... 
i think im gettn a cold woohooo for me runny nose ugh and headache and pregnant soooo much fun ................................ NOT 
need to jump start the day and get this place looking good ... still have a cold ugh 
feeling like crap ... just not up to anything anymore ugh ... 
hopefully after my hair cut today i feel alil better then lately ... not feeling the best about myself but hey its normal 
haircut turned out crappy i totally dislike ! going to start cleaning on terrences room i guess hopefully week gets better ... been very very shitty lately ... i just want to be happy :: sigh :: 
got to get on the move . papers need signing and then off to cleaning more of the apt . shampooer is def broke still grrrr ... 
POSITIVE THOUGHT FOR TODAY : Blessed is he who expects nothing , for he shall never be disappointed 
doin laundry ... ugh < PROPFIRST > 1st day at work woohoo 
off to bed .... nite nite sleepytime for me wooooooohooooo :: yawn :: 
waiting for < PROPMALE > to wake up ... grocery store ... mom n dads ... home to clean up a lil and then RELAX 
happy valentines day-I don't understand why Cupid was chosen to represent < PROPFIRST>'s Day . When I think about romance , the last thing on my mind is a short , chubby toddler coming at me with a weapon . 
jesses 2nd nite of work hmmm hes still alive ... its a miracle lmao he will survive lol kind of irratated that < PROPMALE > sleep schedule is still messed up lol o well im a mommy thats my job :P 
eatn some chicken < PROPMALE > and being shhh quiet lol < PROPFIRST > sleepn but i think he will be up soon ... think dnt knw just think ... lol 
got everything needed done out of the way ... now waiting for < PROPFIRST > n < PROPMALE > to awake looked so pretty today got the window open it feels nice .... yet i stayed inside today ha why me ..... 
cant wait for < PROPFIRST > get off work so i can sleep im tired i think the hrs are gettn too me and its only day 3 i wish < PROPMALE > would get back to goin to sleep like he suppose to \\" yawn \"\" 7am cant come fast enough laundry done bedroom clean dishes r a goin i have nothing more to stay awake hahaha watchn wow wow wubzy < PROPMALE > is still awake .... ok im done ranting thanx 4 listenin " 
TOOTHACHE = roxy in pain and pregnant i rather have the baby then go through this pain grrrrr i hate toothaches they are the worse thing ever ...!!! 
tooth still hurts < im ignoring it for now > needs to go to get some food n drink but dnt want to get out .... 
so < PROPFIRST > has pink eye or at least thats what docs say im not sure of that thou no one here has it hope not to ginx us but it looks awful bad red n poofy well puffy w/e lol i just hope whateva it is goes away n he goes back to work and we dnt get it or at least < PROPMALE > he doesnt need that n i dnt want it what luck that man has i tell u just gets a job then this ?!?! on the up side my tooth doesnt hurt at the moment 
docs appt n ultrasound 2day i wanna knw what im havin dammit im impatient lol ....... 
ITS A BOY ! yup yet again another lil ' < PROPFIRST > running havoc on the world ... now what to name him ..... hmmmmm 
got the place cleaned up except < PROPMALE > s room , got all the papers needed to be signed and evathing done , ate pizza , seen mom n dad , and now im relaxing hopefully < PROPMALE > falls asleep soon ... im tired 
wish i was sleepn woke up and im in a mood again no reason at all just moody eva1 sleepn thank god .... 
watchn < PROPFEMALE > vampire slayer till i fall asleep ... dream me a dream of vampires :P i would so have spike tee < PROPFEMALE > 
need 2 go to store but i dnt want to go out n about n crappy weather 2day >:P BOO ! 
watchn cartooons wit < PROPMALE > relaxin finally for today .... \sigh\ " re-lax-ation mmmm " 
watched tv series HEAVY now u tell me after i have this baby i work my ass off for 6 months then i can lose all that weight ... can we say motivation ... i would so love to lose 135lbs : sigh : ha ha we will see one day hmm i need to go to sleep .... 
