Amphibian cupid :) cute :) 

doctors appt . on wed . ultrasound on fri . movie with < PROPMALE > on mon . and then super busy next weekend at the dump . This is going to be a long week . 
hormones + Me = Depression 
Biscuits and Gravy ... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
odd craving for costco pizza ... 
you know what ... i just talked with < PROPFIRST > for half hour and i feel better now than i have the last two weeks . Guess i didn't need a friend , i needed my brother for a moment . 
love doesn't die it grows ... mold and spores .... 
SETTLE DOWN 
coughing not good 
Picture this ; me + incompetent doctor = PREGO HULK 
:( i need a zip up hoodie , or just a pull over hoodie . black and soft on the inside so that i can keep warm without overheating . :( i dont have one ... 
feeling guilty for all the hearts i broke ... :'( 
no thanks to you doc , but i'm beginning to feel better . 
It's been a long time since i looked up to you , and those days are over . they ended long ago when i realized that everytihng you taught me made me who i am today , and thats no one i like . I hate you for what you made me into , so stop acting like we're best friends . 
I dont care . 
Cupid's veridian cousin visited me today , she hit me with her arrow but it didn't peirce my skin . Instead , realization was absorbed through jealousy's breath , and as i kissed her goodbye , she rolled her eyes in defeat . 
I'm going to be very fat by the time halloween comes along . :/ i definitely dislike that . sigh , but hey , Prego zombie will be off da chain motha*****s !!! 
I'm afraid of losing the one i love , but I'm more afraid of never finding him . 
I'm the tiger !!!!! 
I like it where ever there's a clear surface . ;) 
People should support other people based on the actions that those people take after mistakes are made . Not judge people for the mistakes they made . By me keeping my baby I'm taking responsibility for my actions . People should be supportive not judgmental . 
Money aint got no soul money aint got no heart 
First volleyball practice of the season is tonight , we get to figure out who's on whos teams . This should be interesting . 
Volleyball went great , me and baby make a good team :) 
I am tired . 
I had a dream that i pulled a reading light still encased in its plastic package out of a blackhead on my face . Analyze that . 
There will always be 99 out of a 100 people telling you that you cant do it , YOU gotta be the 1 to tell yourself that the other 99 are wrong . -quote by me- ( DAMN STRAIGHT ) 
So ready to relieve some stress on sunday with a volleyball to the other side of the court ! 
First day on the job . Brihana is a HANDFUL OF MOUNTAINS , Chayse is cool and we talk about Zombies :) and < PROPMALE > is a little sweetheart who sucks his thumb and we play with his army men while he blows up the fortress or has the dinosaurs attack it . Cant wait til the day is over . I NEEEEEED sleep . 
ABSOLUTELY LOVES FOOD . 
Absolutely loves food and jazz music :) 
You're brave young dragon , but my gung-fu is stronger . 
16 days til baby anatomy scan ! 
I burnt the cookies and now i cant stop crying about the 3 dollars i just wasted . : ' 0 ( 
its freaking cold !!!!!!!!! 
Ria : Tifanni even pregnant you still manage to look sexy :p 
A bullets kiss is a cold way to meet betrayal 
Who's gonna talk to me til the sun comes up Who's gonna take your place there aint nobody better oh baby , baby , we belong together 
Its four in the morning . I still cant sleep . 
When you left i lost a part of me its still so hard to believe come back baby please cuz we belong together . 
love is a tricky road and misery is always so easy to follow 
I keep dialing 333 ! Instead of going where i want to go ! 
Baby is protruding from my stomach but all on one side like its trying to avoid being poked . Weird 
I don't have a crush on anyone . I would like to have a meaningful relationship in the near but distant future . 
I just dialed 333 again . Stupid phone . 
Whatever happened to natural beauty ? No one ever speaks of it anymore has society truly dimmed the lights so low as to make every woman think she is a tool ? 
Back , shoulder and neck pain . But cant go get a massage due to no money and it feels weird to lay on my stomach while impregnated . 
Have i mentioned its four thirty am ? 
Thinking of having a bowl of cereal ... 
American psycho is a very good movie . Everyone in their lifetime should watch it . 
Confidence is the secret of life , that And ... potatoes . All You'll ever need in life is confidence and potatoes and your set . 
I wish i could eat anything i wanted and i didn't get full until i wanted to get full . Or until i finished whatever i was eating . 
So my fingernails glow in the dark and have webbing on them ... and make me want to scratch things . 
My next victim is your neck ! MuwhaHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Ignore that last text that was another me just attempting to be funny . 
I'm not attempting i'm freaking hilarious . Your just a buzzkill . 
I'm no buzzkill ask anyone I've ever partied with , actually partied with , i'm the life of the party . I just don't approve of your random neck eating . 
Yes you do . You cant disapprove of things i do . Your me . So you have no choice . 
Thats only because your forcing me to engorge in people's jugular veins ! I don't want to but you make me ! Its like rape except imaginary and less scary . 
Now i don't approve of that comment . How could you post something like that so publicly and rudely . You should be ashamed of yourself . Who do you think you are ? 
I'm sorry . It wont happen again . :'( 
Damn right it wont happen again . 
Because nobody likes you ! 
Yeah what she said ! 
Amen sistah ! 
Oh no who opened up the gospel ? Now We're gonna be listening to praise jesus all morning . 
And whats wrong with that sistah's ? Aint nothin wrong with that ! The lord god is he oh so good ! So good ! He has given us- 
Bread , wine , and free will . Which i choose to do with is silence you . 
Why cant we be friends ? Why cant we be- 
Baby mama says sing it again i dare ya < PROPFEMALE > , and you wont be singin for a week . 
Yelp ... 
What was it that jojo said ? Oh yeah it was ... YOPPP !!!! 
Exactly sweet sistah ! Jojo said YOPP and you aint never heard a yelp outta him ! Sing it wish confidence sing it with pride fill your heart up with the lord and- 
I swear to god ... 
333 
I don't know if anyone could ever get this bored in their lives aside from you . 
Bored ? I'm not bored . I'm having the time of my life ! 
Keep telling yourself that and maybe something exciting will happen . 
BOOM ! 
Whoa ! What was that ?! 
I have a feeling that it was ... dun dun dun dun ... the sound of comments being posted on your ridiculous wall posts ! 
Or maybe you just texted boom to facebook . 
Down ? Down where ? 
What kind of game show gives a prize as nothing ? 
One that doesn't exist ! How about another round of applause ! 
Does anyone remember what happened last night ? ough ... 
not really , but i have a feeling the conversation that took place , was not all entirely posted to facebook . There are key parts of this conversation that are missing . The commercial break and the news bulletin announcement are not posted . 
depressed 
Just talking to you on the phone is more entertaining than my daily life . 
< PROPMALE > and I : It's a squirreldeer ! Me : well now that We've got that covered whats a squirreldeer doing with an acorn ? 
I got your number , i got your back , when your backs against the wall , you mess with one man , you got us all . 
hey if i posted a weird word on your wall , i want you to say it out loud and see what happens . let me know !!! and i'll give you a prize :) 
you and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY four words , what would you say to me ? ( Note : If you comment , you have to copy and paste this into your status . Be fair , play along ) 
I love love and if thats wrong i don't wanna be right ! 
He'd drop the world for you , he loves you that much and more too . Just close your eyes and know he's there forever and always his soul never dies . 
I wear my mask in my blood . 
I'm so angry . 
If you closed your eyes tonight , knowin it was your last , would you be proud of what You've done in your life ? 
i know why i did it now , i just thought i was helping him , i guess i went about it in the wrong way . 
I HATE DRUGS ! 
Why did i dink this ? 
7 days til evil dead ! 10 days til anatomy scan ! 13 days til halloween ! 
My dog likes sweettarts and laffy taffy XD 
I have no idea what to be for halloween , ideas everyone ??? What should i be ? the craziest and most possible of ideas wins and i will be that . 
Say it with me ladies : \fat is good ! \"" 
I'm livin my life like its < PROPFEMALE > i'm takin my freedom pullin it off the shelf , livin my life like its < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > livin my life like its < PROPFEMALE > 
I want to seek the company of people who want to find the truth but i want to run away from people who've already found the truth . 
Music is my life , Life is my love , And love is my religion . :) 
Close my eyes and colorful figures start dancin in my imagination an love is fleeting an life is worth living an all i ache for is just one last dance with you 
Everything you earn everything you own all of material is fleeting but real love never leaves 
I want my penguin 
investing in cocoa butter ... 
I finally watched the movie enchanted . Its like watching every single disney < PROPFEMALE > movie puke on new york city . 
It appears this odd little box controls the magic mirror ... 
say cheese ! Hail satan ! 
I never wanna hear another love song i hope your really happy and i hope you choke on it . 
i'm thinking of deleting my facebook entirely . Can anyone give me good reasons not to do so ? 
Going to see EVIL DEAD the musical with < PROPFIRST > X ) happy way early birthday to me !!! 
I'm in the rainbow ! Best rainbow experience of my life :) 
you make me wanna go dancing but it'd be awkward to dance with you ... 
You truly have to love someone before you hold any power to hate them . 
cant wait for halloween . and november 
baby bear's going to be a boy ! 
In other news ... THE DEAD WALK THE EARTH ! 
Halloween is this sunday , for those hanging out with me on sunday , please bring money and we'll be meeting at Tumwater lanes , you'll need at the very least $10 . I'll be there at eleven thirty or so to get the lanes , so feel free to show up early . See ya there . 
my horoscope told me that i should calm down my emotions , and it reminded me that \mystery is one of most seductive traits\ " will someone inform astrology that i'm pregnant and that it needs to get better lines ? " 
have so much cleaning to do . sigh . 
almost done , and halloween is technically right now ... hmmm where do i fit in the time to sleep ??? 
The cute umbrella couple just made my day :) 
strange what < PROPFEMALE > will make foolish people do ... 
Sometimes the good dreams hurt the most :( 
I never dreamed of you , but here you are making my every dream come true . I know it sounds cliche , but for once i think thats okay . 
Hello , i love you , won't you tell me your name , hello , i love you , let me jump in your game 
this ones for sand , this ones for me , AND THIS ONES FOR MUFFIN !!! 
i feel so unsure as i take your hand and lead you to the dance floor , as the music dies there's something in your eyes calls to mind a silver screen and all its sad goodbyes , i'm never gonna dance again , cuz guilty feet have got no rhythm ... so i'm never gonna dance again the way i danced with you 
Will you please dance this song with me ? 
my birthday is in 12 days ... but they'll go fast , and the 20th just can't come soon enough . 
11 days Til ultrasound and my birthday . 
baby kick's to Beethoven's fifth ! 
philosophical conversations of the heart with my mom in the < PROPFIRST > in the box parking lot . friday night well spent . 
You are only coming through in waves your lips move but i don't hear a thing ... I have become comfortably numb ... 
no stop signs , sweet living , nobody's gonna slow me down ....... I'm on a highway to hell , i'm on a highway to hell .... mmmmmm don't stop me ! heeeaaayyy ! 
Scorpio is a tragedy destined sign ...? Sad day . Oh well i'll do my best anyways , just because it's written in the stars doesn't mean i can't move some around ... 
Pink < PROPMALE > you are my good friend . 
With you I'm living the dream ;) you know who you are 
\Thank you\ " -evy- this is the greatest quote in the world . " 
devils plaything in my hands if you dont want pain you dont understand got a light shines on me if ya wanna touch flames come unto me 
today has been a philosophically dreary day . 
i dont even know man , i just dont even know 
if my nails go deep enough , will they scratch the skin ? if my mind wanders far enough , have i seen the world ? if i love hard enough , can i save a nation ? if i ask you for your help , will you fight beside me ? 
my favorite country song , the man of my dreams , doing schoolwork , and big red chewing gum . Only cost is the time it takes , and even so thats worth the benefits . 
DON'T STOP BELIEVIN ! 
Fom kissing him under waterfalls , to running from strange beasts in the < PROPMALE > to punching old lady zombies out of a moving < PROPFIRST > at the high speeds that my six year old son is driving . Best . Dream . Ever . 
and then there was night until there was morning again and until Saturday came they only spoke of their imaginations and what lie within them . 
somebody please save me :( everything sucks right now , make it better . 
everythings better :) 
So sore , so tired , so worth it :) 
Right now everyone , lets fix this . 
stubborn stubborn stubborn 
... : ' 0 ) 
Froggy ! 
so many happy birthday wishes ! thanks everyone . :) 
sigh , happy holidays everyone . 
does anyone else find that radio commercial for burger < PROPMALE > and the chicken sandwich disturbing ? \double fist a chicken sandwich today ! \ " it just doesn't sound right ... XP hehe " 
This has been one messed up week . I hate everything . I HATE PO BOXES ESPECIALLY !!!!!!! 
I don't need the cheese or the car keys boy i like ya just the way you are 
the nightmares have returned ... :( 
saturday how i've awaited your presence and what sweet promises you hold this last grueling week . Now i can finally get some peace . 
one night and it felt like a lifetime :) yet i miss you already . 
i love living , because i know i'm living for you . and you and you and you and you and you and you ... :) 
every morning we're born again , what we do today is what matters most . 
\If you ever loved somebody put your hands up \"" 
\the fluidity of conversation is freedom \"- me . Happy babe i wrote it down somewhere :) " 
b-b-b-b-brrrrr-rr-rr I'mm-mama-mmma c-c-c-c-c-c-old ..... 
i'm defying gravity ! 
\because i knew you i have been changed for good\ " i miss you < PROPFEMALE > bear " 
i am thankful for my family 
Is there a midget behind me ? 
Let's get down to business 
hey , what have YOU taken for granted today ? 
Work work work work work work work 
Winter break starts the 20th of Dec . my goal , is to finish by the 15th at the latest . 
theres only us , theres only this , forget regret or life is yours to miss , no other road , no other way , no day but today -- and saturday :) 
hey those who wanna get an invite to the baby shower send me a message with your address !!! I need em fast it's december and we're sending out invites sometime this month . let me know everyone ! :) 
Needs a neck and shoulder massage , it hurts !!! 
3rd degree burn doritos .... yes they actually burn . My teeth , lips , and tongue were all burning for about an hour after eating them . But they only get hot when you stop eating them .... so i didn't stop eating them til the bag was gone :/ FML 
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and to be loved in return . 
I hate everything . 
Worst name for a school was discovered today . Neverending highschool . 
I do the same thing with everyone i know , you can hurt me and hurt me and hurt me and you know what ? I'll still have faith that maybe one day you'll see what your doing wrong .... when will i ever learn that its not going to change . I believe that people don't change , so why don't i live by my belief ? 
I found out today about myself and the letter F and how we are connected , i almost cried . Curses ! 
Broke free :) 
Drowning in rap music because i haven't in a really long time . 
Live life for its experiences not for possessions . 
Take my hand , lets shake it up a little baby , tearin up the dance floor and makin the other boys jealous , i'll be yours if you be mine ;) 
I want a sandwich that never ends 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Lennon 
Pastors and KY 
i have three cats on my lap ... i feel like the little girl from monsters inc . \KITTY !! \"" 
i told my cat tonight that because she loves me so much it makes me happy . 
i raced cars , defeated dinosaurs , cheated a creepy old guy , gambled with my life , kissed my man , and beat out a killer amusement park ride with the powe of love ... overall , good night :) 
It's too hot !!! this is winter i should be freezing but no ! I'm having HOT flashes !!! ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow it burns !!!! 
If we look through anothers eyes the sky just might be a different shade of blue , the grass a little greener and the sun can be seen in a different light . 
today's just been i freaking bad day . Just an entirely bad day . ! I hate everything . I wanna go home . 
Can you find love in a grocery store ? I accidentally put it on the grocery list . 
If i deny the existence of life around me , and i truly believe that it is not there , than have i changed reality ? 
Don't regret anything in life that you do , because in the end it makes you who you are . 
Read the last note i posted , it's also the answer as to why i enjoy my friends so much :) 
my heart feels like it just got pitched and i hit a home run , but someone keeps moving fourth base , so i'm still running . 
i dont know 
In due time . 
sitting here with the realization of something : my brother has more emotional issues than a pregnant woman . 
i hate the new facebook format . It annoys me . Why is there a suggestion bar for when i type my status ? My status is my status not facebooks suggestions !! AY < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! I want to dance ! 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status 
Satan get off our bed ! 
Needs more dove chocolates :( 
in a lot of pain , swelling , and 24/7 tired . But only nine more weeks to go :) 
i need a giant chocolate donut . 
The worst feeling in the world is to say goodbye but i just gotta keep telling myself in due time 
\We stand against the small tide of those who want to make everyone unhappy with conflicting theory and thought . \ " said Beatty . from < PROPFIRST > Bradbury's Farenheit 451 " 
Naked 
I feel so numb 
when everyone's finished with their lists maybe i can be the add on at the end . i'm stuck as a last resort . 
If i had a handgun i'd shoot smiley faces in the ceiling out of boredom . 
I really want to kick back and just engorge in supernatural Cuddled up in my mans arms and nothing else for a week . Aside from food and bathroom breaks . 
one day i'll fly away , leave all this to yesterday , why live life from dream to dream and dread the day when dreaming ends ... 
I am You . 
It's past one in the morning . What am I doing awake ? ough ... 
you may be a lover at you ain't no dancer , Helter skelter , helter skelter 
I am ready for this year and can't wait to see where it takes me 
Pondering what life would be like as a paranoid schizophrenic ... Terrifying yes i assume , but how would the world look through those eyes ... 
Soon things will fall into place , we just have to play around with the shapes until they fit in their spaces . Just like a kids toy . 
I'm very happy i'm not perfect 
i'm having hot flashes , cold sweats , upset stomach , and am constantly tired ... i think i'm ready to be done being pregnant .... yes , very much so done . I want my body back ... 
looking at dresses online for no reason , because i've no occasion to wear one for and no money to buy one anyways . Thank you < PROPFIRST > , you've cursed me with a feminine streak :p lol 
lions , tigers , bears , and elephants ... OH MY ! 
\a crew of drunken pirates\ " I think this about sums up all my friends and I :) " 
let me sleep on it 
I'm so freaking angry i can't think straight ! 
Screaming at the sinner doesn't make it better 
i sang the blues and begged for the snow and it fell as i sang to the < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm baking cookies . 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but mental health is important ... and all of us will suffer at some point in our lives 
cause its almost like your heavens trying everything to keep me out 
officially part of the KADA 
No longer seeing a point in societal life , I'd be happier in the woods with the animals and bugs . 
I hate everything , except the things i don't . 
I'm so freaking depressed and i'm taking it out on everything and i cant stop myself and i just want to hide away but i dont know if thats what i need or if i should just go skydiving off some < PROPMALE > without a parachute , or just go < PROPFEMALE > out with friends or if i should just sleep until i'm done being pregnant . 
tifanni this is a reminder that you need to continue sending that message when you get the < PROPMALE > and that the last person you left off on was ( M ) 
wants real sleep . 
Worried , her dream had snakes , scorpions , lizards , and turtles in it , all are warnings of false friends and hostility but the scorpion says i'll overcome it all 
I love my boys :) 
hey can anyone and everyone who does , please stop cursing on my Facebook wall ? Cursing is intended for certain audiences not all of them . Thank you . 
i have no idea what i want right now 
Mother Earth scares me ... alot ... 
inspired ... liable to do anything ... need canvas .... insanity closing in ... somebody ... give me your face ! 
I could ask the dirt who made mama earth and you know what the dirt would do ? The dirt'd just sit there starin back at me with a sarcastic look on its face 
I miss dancing ... 
I WILL finish this week . No ifs , ands , or buts about it . 
I need a slushie ... please someone 
i made cinnamon rolls , but i still really want a slushie . Oh i need the week to go faster and my work to be lesser . :p 
I'm so tired , this weekend i shall sleep hopefully without nightmares and with smaller amounts of pain . 
Facebook is coming to an end i think encouraging people to get out and socialize is a good thing ! :) and the only way i'm going to stay awake today is faking it 
Does anybody by < PROPMALE > have a mini fridge that they are trying to get rid of for cheap ? i am looking for one for storing baby milk , snacks , etc ... Please let me know if you do :) thanks you !! 
Learning about economy and the song gold from repo comes on , oh life :p 
i should be sleeping . 
i just realized i've never seen the pink panther 2 
I'm so much more me when i'm you 
i got a slushie !!! 
Oh its better in life to lose a minute than have to go through life and really never get to live it 
my bones are so weak ... and no thats not figurative :( it huuuurrtss ! 
Its looking like i'm stuck in tumwater for another two years . 
life is a jest and in the joke there is no trust 
I keep hallucinating spiders crawling everywhere ! 
I wondered today if it was logical to have a fictional hero . Is it ? Anyone have an opinion for me ? 
Life is full of toils , troubles , and delays ... But all i can do is say , its just one more day and it'll all be okay . 
and all the kings horses and all the kings men couldn't put humpty together again :( 
I need the soundtrack for underworld rise of the Lycans . Very very badly Need 
I randomly felt like a Hamster tonight . I don't want to be a Hamster . 
When they make a Dr. Pepper slushie i can die happy . 
can't wait for this weekend to begin !!! 
I prayed tonight . i'm not sure who or what to , I just have a lot of hope right now , in the fact that maybe just maybe something will turn in our favor please . 
If those are pretty than i'm a dead monkey . 
Friends for food :) 
I had a dream last night that i was wearing jeans ... Oh what a simple dream that i want so badly to be true ! 
I would like one order of Eight more hours of sleep please , with a side of energy and to drink ... Just a water . 
Feb . 19th @ 2:15 am weighing 7lbs and 3ounces and 19 1/2 inches tall the world presented me with the most amazing gift in the world :) 
Life takes time 
my to do list goes out ten < PROPMALE > and sleep is at the bottom :/ 
I'm just in a bad mood . 
I wrote a thank you card to Jesus for the baby shower gifts . Oops :p lol 
My son is the most beautiful in the world :) 
i'm Not made to be a stay at home woman 
i find this site so meaningless now . 
I cant wait til friday , < PROPFEMALE > , i'm going to put you over my shoulder :) because i haven't in so long !!!! lol 
I found a face and just held it there 
