Happy New Year Everyone !!! 

time to get some sleep ... peace out .. I'm gonna poke somebody tomorrow ... jaja ;) 
good night 
home chillin wit my baby n da snow 
Itz saturday , what the heck am I gonna do ????? 
My body is not perfect ( It actually is , lol ) but I nurtured my babies and I'm proud ! Too bad if we dont look perfect but every < PROPFIRST > , every line , and every bit of skin represents our beautiful babies and what we have done for them . Having a baby is no easy task , we are strong , we are brave and we should be proud of ours ......... elv ... es . Put this as your status if you're a proud Mom ! I ? My babiesSee MoreSee More 
ITZ FRIDAY !!!! YAY !!!! 
what a horrible day ... SSSOOO FREAKIN TERRIBLE ... thank God itz over ... hopefully tomorrow will b better .... 
FINALLY !! I'm home , going to sleep , I'm ssoooo tired . 
I ADMIT I'M A BITCH . I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . If you are a bitch post this on your status- I dare you ! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness .... 
If you are a woman that has a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you , then repost this ... because great men are few and far between , and I appreciate and love mine ... gosh he's so wonderful :) 
I freaking phone doesn't work ... datz so freaking fantastic !!!! 
My baby is damn friendly ... she smiles and laughs to everyone !! I love her so much . 
just finished cooking mi primer mole n itz DELICIOSO 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many wont copy and paste . I did . Will you ? ? April is cancer month 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ??? ;) 
I traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails , designer jeans for sweat pants , long showers for hairy legs , late nights at the club for early morning cartoons , designer purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing back !! I LOVE MY CHILD ! Repost this if you don't care what you gave up and will continue to give up for your child !!!! 
this rainy weather me da mucha flojera .... 
My baby got nothing better else to do so she's pulling my hair .... 
you have a best friend that will drop everything for you . Be there for you through thick and thin . Love you unconditionally , even with your faults Be the first one there to pick you up when you fall . Can give a much needed dose of reality , re-post dis they will know who they are . 
My baby got her first tooth !!! 
My precious ... 
“Knowing others is intelligence ; knowing yourself is true wisdom . Mastering others is strength ; mastering yourself is true power . ” 
A mother's love for her child is like nothing else in the world . It\ 
knows no law , no pity , it dares all things and crushes down\ 
remorselessly all that stands in its path . \ 
-- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
watching las munecas de la mafia , getting some schoo , work done ..... den off to sleep 
A couple of days until my wedding anniversary ... I need some ideas for a gift ... what should I give my hubby ???? 
AVER CABRONAS , DIGANMEN QUIEN PUTAS CONOCE < PROPFEMALE > TAL EUCEBIO ??!?! Y MAS VALE QUE ME DIGAN , QUE ANDO VIEN ENPUTADA !!! 
fucking verga como es la gente de envidiosa , nomas buscando la puta manera de como estar chingando la < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Gm fb peeps !!!! 
Well let me tall ya guys what happened to me yesterday , I was speeding down the tp @ 80mph , so a mile bfore exit 11 ... then I noticed a police car was quickly trying to catch up to me n I was like ' oh shit ! Este pendejo se va kedar kon ganas d darme < PROPFEMALE > ticket ' so I quickly pulled ove to the first < PROPFIRST > , n he followed me all the way to exit 11 sin poder darme el ticket ... lol ! 
YES !!!!!!!!!!!! LET'S GO GERMANY !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
YESSSSSS !!!! YA SE LA PELO ARGENTINA .... YESSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hate the that ppl lke to bullshit , hate the fact fucking fact that ppl like to hate for no damn reason , y sobretodo ODIO a la gente hipocrita !!!! Do me me n urself a fucking favor , if you gonna start shit wit me let ME know , why watse time talking shit behind my back ??? 
beer , sex , and love ... wutelse can a girl possibly ask for ??????? 
Shit man !!! I had a great life , just me and my baby , stress free , until I started working again !! :( 
going fishing ... 
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit , never completely forget about it . 
on my way to NYC ... 
Drinking a toffee espresso ... hhhmmmmm ... k < PROPFEMALE > 
MEXICAN FESTIVAL !!!! 
Danced my ass off tonight , now time to go to sleep ... later 2day gotta chill wit da famz ! 
ppl does anyone know of a party , I wanna go out to dance !! 
ppl no parties tonight ??? 
is making guacamole ... 
Fuck man , I hate not having my phone .... FUCKING SHHHYYYTTTTT !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had a wonderful night ... cena romantica con mariachi y todo la cosa !!!! I love ny hubby !!!! 
I meant my hubby ... dammm those freaking margaritas !! 
I had fun !!! 
Amo < PROPFEMALE > esposo .. loamo , lo amo , lo amo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm in need of a vacation .. ASAP !!!!!!!!!!! 
ppl have a wonderful night ... I'm still @ work drinking a cup of wine ..... 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! Enjoy !!! 
BEER & SANGRIA 
UN\ 
NIÑO < PROPFEMALE > DICE A SU MADRE \MAMI PINTÉ TUS SÁBANAS BLANCAS CON TU PINTA \ 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
yay !!! my phone is working again 
hey ppl , a kien conocen k d ride hasta cranberry ? 
can't fucking sleep !!! 
itz fucking horrible outside !! 
I want my car back!!:'( 
itz so dammmmn cold !! 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Nieces Week ! If you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\ 
love more than you can describe , consider posting this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? 
is home cleaning , cooking caldo d rez 
damn it !!! Back to work tomorrow .... 
enjoying mi friday night watching Spartacus : gods of the arena 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to everyone . Enjoy it by surrounding yourself with those who love you n those you love XOXOX 
Thank you all for the birthday wishess !! ( I won't be getting drunk , gottta go work tomorrow , it sucks ) < PROPMALE > agradezco de todo < PROPFEMALE > , que aunque no me mantenga en constante comunicasion , de toas maneras me tengan presente , muchisimas gracias . 
I'm so happy I got a smart husband ..... such a handyman !!! 
