bored as fuck hit me up 

just now going to bed . gotta work at 2-cl . and just started bartending 
getting tired of the same shit , its time for a change 
making birthday plans . shit yes 
Road Trip ! 
working 12 to who knows when , and stuck with no ride . yay i love walking a fucking hour to work freezing my balls off 
its my birthday !!! fuck ohio !!! this place sucks ass 
just got back from the zoo with family . god its amazing outside 
stand up last night was the best so far . people come out to ringside cafe off broad every thursday . cheap drinks and dirty comedy , always a great time 
had the best day ever thank u who came out 
writing shit for tomm night . stop out and see me or just hit me up and get directions 
just got done writing new shit for tonight . hit me up and get directions . cheap drinks and dirty comedy 
i would dust for < PROPFEMALE > white ... 
getting ready for tonight good shit get ahold of me for directions 
bored off my ass hit me up . got comedy tonight too so get ahold of me for directions 
new pics are fucking great i love penguins so damn much ! i will take over the damn world with them bwahhahaha 
lame night bored looking for something to do hit me up 
if a mute kid swears does his mom wash his hands off ? 
have you ever just walked into a room , and dont remember why you did ? i think thats how dogs live their whole lives 
Thank you everyone for the comments on thoughts ... if you liked them tell anyone you can to check it out and get a hold of me for further info . again thank you it helps alot 
Vader : Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed . The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the Force . 
Red Leader : All wings report in . Red Ten : Red Ten standing by . Red Seven : Red Seven standing by . Biggs Darklighter : Red Three standing by . Jek Porkins : Red Six standing by . Red Nine : Red Nine standing by . Wedge Antilles : Red Two standing by . Red Eleven : Red Eleven standing by . < PROPMALE > Skywalker : Red Five standing by . [ R2 chirps ] Red Leader : Lock S-foils in attack position . 
Yoda : I do , yes , I do ! Sick have I become ... old and weak . When nine hundred years old you reach , look as good you will not , hmm ? [ laughs , then starts coughing ] Soon will I rest . Yes , forever sleep . Earned it , I have . 
Yoda : Remember , a Jedi's strength flows from the Force . But beware : Anger , fear , aggression . The Dark Side are they . Once you start down the dark path , forever will it dominate your < PROPFEMALE > . [ growing weak ] < PROPMALE > ... < PROPMALE > ... Do not ... Do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor , or suffer your father's fate , you will . < PROPMALE > , when gone am I , the last of the Jedi will you be . < PROPMALE > , the Force runs strong in your family . 
fuck tonight ! i need to sleep 
just watched two of the most fucked up and odd horror movies i have ever seen in my life . thats really saying somthing too cuz i have watched almost everything now . but if you get a < PROPMALE > look them up or try your best to watch them . it's- Irréversible ( 2002 ) , and Men Behind the Sun ( 1988 ) . get past the subtiles and you are in for a treat i promise 
Emperor : We have a new enemy , the young Rebel who destroyed the Death < PROPFEMALE > . I have no doubt that this boy is the offspring of Anakin Skywalker . Vader : How is that possible ? Emperor : Search your feelings , Lord Vader . You know it to be true . [ pauses ] He could destroy us . 
Emperor : Search your feelings , Lord Vader . You know it to be true . [ pauses ] He could destroy us . Vader : He's just a boy . Obi-Wan can no longer help him . Emperor : The Force is strong with him . The son of Skywalker must not become a Jedi . Vader : If he could be turned , he would become a powerful ally . Emperor : [ intrigued ] Yes ... He would be a great asset . Can it be done ? Vader : He will join us or die , master 
Obi-Wan : You want to go home and rethink your life . Bum : I want to go home and rethink my life . 
At last we wil reveal ourselves to the Jedi . At last we will have revenge ... 
been spending most our lives\ 
Living in the Gangsta's Paraside 
I see your Schwartz is as big as mine . Let's see how well you handle it 
comedy tonight at the ringside cafe hit me up if u wanna go 
leaving for comedy see ya out there ! 
last night was one of the best times out at the ringside and had a great turnout . thanks everyone that came out . tell your friends to come too if you can , or get a hold of me here and will give directions if you need 
comedy night tonight . hit me up if you want directions , also free parking and cheap drinks 
bout to head out to comedy night last < PROPMALE > to get directions 
“Language ... has created the word \loneliness\ " to express the pain of being alone . And it has created the word \ " solitude\ " to express the < PROPFEMALE > of being alone . ” " 
Did you ever stop to think , and forget to start again ? ~ Winnie the Pooh 
Finally got my fucking car ! joy ride hit me up 
comedy tomm night hit me up if you wanna go and get directions . plus its free to get in , free parking , and cheap drinks come on ! 
fuck today 
just got back from a great fucking night thank u everyone for the much needed help 
sick and tired of this same shit everyday 
off today . hit me and lets go on an adventure ! 
work ... woot 
party after . shoot me a text if u wanna join 
You are responsible for your life . You can't keep blaming somebody else for your dysfunction . Life is really about moving on 
wish i had great plans for the 4th but im lame and gotta work 2 to 11 ! 
had to work but the night ended on such a good note . 
just got off work headn to the bar hit me up 
Never take life seriously . Nobody gets out alive anyway . 
Friendship is like peeing on yourself : everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling that it brings . 
too drunk last night ... pissed the bed 
its adventure time ! 
hope ... what a bullshit word . there is no such feeling only disbelief 
Have you ever loved someone so much , you'd give an arm for ? Not the expression , no , literally give an arm for ? When they know they're your heartAnd you know you were their armor . And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her , But what happens when < PROPFEMALE > , turns right around and bites you ? And everything you stand for , turns on you to spite you ? 
As much as I love comic and these video games , I need a little something , not just any old dame . I need a little lady , make my life less lame , ' cause the future's harder to say than M . I . A . ' s last name . 
really didnt think this many people like to lie and make up excuses . bunch of savages in this town 
I REALLY DON'T KNOW WHAT IM DOING WRONG ! 
park then jumping off cliffs with old friends . text me if u wanna join . 
there is a point where trying to do your best to make everyone happy just wont cut it anymore . its a house of mirrors out there , you never know what your looking at ... 
DAMMIT WHERE ARE YOU !? NOT you , YOU ! 
cant wait to get this sling off and go back to work ! 
so last friday night i was at the band house and JUST WANTED TO TAKE A PISS , walked to the bathroom and someone was in there . the door right next to it i thought went to the back yard or porch or something like that . NO fell bout two stories right on my left side . hit my head knocked the wind out of me , and i started laughn my ass off , with no breath . 
they come running down to see if im ok , and as < PROPMALE > is walking up to me \ 
there is another dude fell down almost right on top of him . i went home \ 
right after that to sleep it off . wake up the next day , cant lift my arm\ 
to even put on my shirt . 
kinda freaked me out so i went to the ER . \ 
found out i dislocated my right arm just 3/4's of the way , so they \ 
couldn't pop it back into place . instead they just gave me a sling and \ 
deal with it . 
ROAD TRIP THURSDAY ! CANT FUCKING WAIT . THEN TOP IT OFF WITH TUBRING ! O YES 
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUNK 
ohio sucks ass i wanna go back to chicago dammit 
We are never prepared for what we expect . 
cant even put it into words what im feeling 
your born alone and you'll die alone , and this world just drops a bunch of rules on top of you to make you forget those facts . but i never forget . 
close tonight so give me a call i wanna find something to get into 
bout to head downtown and find some shit to get into hit me up if ud like to join 
fuck opening , but i had a blast last night thank u guy again i needed that 
just watched the first episode of the walking dead , and i fucking love it . the zombies look sweet , they showed the horse getting eaten . everything is just like the graphic novels . love it 
lookin for anything to do ... just sittin here bored off my ass 
holy shit ! i just watched the poughkeepsie tapes for the first time , and it has blown every serial killer movie i have ever seen out of the water ! I FUCKING LOVE SLAVE ! lol 
what is it with women ? they say they don't care about looks , they just want a guy thats smart and funny . but they always end up laughing at whatever the good looking stupid guy says 
it's really over for good this time 
love is just a fucking joke to too many people now 
NEED SLEEP 
who wants to throw the frisbee around lol 
things are finally turning around for me . and really looking forward to this weekend 
who wants to go kick some kids asses , and steal there fucking candy ... and their hopes 
once i get off work at 4 im finding something to do for tonight hit me up if u wanna join . this weekend is gonna kick ass 
jus finished my first cd and the ending is epic ! my newest song has tetris and carny music together lol love it ! 
i have no chat on here wtf mate ? 
i hate playing the waiting game 
And i cant stop thinking about moments that i lost for you . \ 
and i cant stop thinking about things i used to do . \ 
and i cant stop making bad decisions \ 
and i cant stop eating stuff you make chew \ 
i put on a smile that you wann'a see . \ 
another day goes by that i < PROPFEMALE > to be like you . 
done and over making plans . hit me up if u wanna join , time to drink 
when i was younger , i remember hearing u have to really try to get what u wanted in life ... but that really dosent work with any girl 
is it possible to drink so much the night before , not burp . And the next day fart and smell beer for hours everytime 
such a great weekend thank u everyone who helped it was so worth it . things are finally turning around for the best 
going to see < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > chrimbus special the 20th ! 
off to work till 4 ... hit me up at any time , its gonna be a looooong day 
so i wont the first round of comedy last night , but was very close . gotta bust ass for the next round . that money will be mine ! 
looking for something to do 
has anyone else actually read the fucking walking dead comics ?! they are ruining the series by putting bullshit roles in that they dont need to ! the entire 2nd and third are pissing me off ! at least the 4th most of them died . except for dumbass with one hand now . anywho READ the damn books fuck the show 
had a great night with my girlfriend and now going to work till who knows when . cant wait for tomm ;-) 
kareoke at happys with the girlfriend 
saw tron lastnight then HAD to get the fucking soundtrack . go daft punk . it mad the movie 
going to head up to guitar center here in a bit . if you would like to join let me know within the hour , and i can either pick you up or meet up somewhere 
bored until 4once again 
just watched The Poughkeepsie Tapes again . such a good serial killer movie , and you have to love slave lol 
and now thanks to a kick ass roomate of mine time for some 3d games 
FUCKING LOST MY DAMN PHONE !!! IF YOU NEED TO GET AHOLD OF ME THIS IS THE ONLY WAY ... GOOD LUCK , BUT ILL TRY TO BE ON AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE 
definitely not enough sleep last night to work a double . today is going to suck 
start the planning ! the 25th ! bday party ! do it ! 
i hate getting my hopes up for no reason 
you know what sucks most about me getting a i phone 4 ... im left handed lol . better get a case for it 
( Asami ): \Words create lies . Pain can be trusted . \ " Audition " 
gonna watch American Beauty 
4 more days bitches ! 
The Grid . A digital frontier . I tried to picture clusters of information as they moved through the computer . What did they look like ? Ships ? Motorcycles ? Were the circuits like freeways ? I kept dreaming of a world I thought I'd never see . And then , one day ... I got in . :) 
just told my manager i pooped my pants so i could go home and sit for a bit lol it worked 
The need never stops . \ 
Out there , someone is always needing . \ 
Always hungry . \ 
Always looking at you . \ 
Checking your eyes for weakness . \ 
Zeroing in on the vein in your neck . \ 
As they circle the water hole . \ 
And close in . 
Got my phone ! 
Maybe going bowling 
Just woke up puking up Mr. Hero ;) happy birthday to me ! 
This birthday fuckn blows thanks guys 
I hate getting done pooping , u stand up , wipe , wash ur hands then round two of the poo comes . Then repeat 
Back to work dammit 
Just gave a bum like 3 bucks in change , and after I did he took off running like he stole it . Lol defiantly went to buy crack 
If you haven't found out yet I have a new number now so if I'd like it let me know 
Just got the new tron . Boosh ! Boosh ! Boosh ! 
Bowling anyone ? 
VEGAS ! BABY , VEGAS ! 
There went the last < PROPMALE > I gave this job . Finding a new one asap 
Taking a number 3 a.k.a. Butt piss , liquid poo , montezuma's revenge , poo stew , or turd tea 
On my way to pickerington . Been awhile 
Your not cool , unless you pee your pants 
< PROPFIRST > darko is the scariest movie my girlfriend has seen lol . Evil dead time ! 
All change is not growth , as all movement is not forward . ~ Ellen Glasgow 
If you would attain to what you are not yet , you must always be displeased by what you are . For where you are pleased with yourself there you have remained . Keep adding , keep walking , keep advancing . ~ Saint < PROPFIRST > 
