is installing resident evil 5 on his computer 

Just got back from Alaska ! it was awesome ! 
is riffing ... 
As He Came Into The Window It Was The Sound Of A Crescendo He Came Into Her Apartment He Left The Bloodstains On The Carpet She Ran Underneath The Table He Could See She Was Unable So She Ran Into The Bedroom She Was Struck Down , It Was Her Doom 
dynamics and mechanics ... 
half of the 1st done ... now on to MASOPS 
Has Got A New Song For You ... 
Are Tangerines Really Just Oranges That Didn't Want It Enough ? 
Numerics .... then locals .... \'Cause nothin ' lasts forever And we both know hearts can change And it's hard to hold a candle In the cold August rain \"" 
aliens didn't do well but maybe the plants will make up for it next week 
\Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics . I can assure you mine are still greater . \"" 
\God hath given thee all them that sail with thee . \ " Acts 27:24 " 
is coding ... a lot 
says it'll be a long night 
fundamentals of aerodynamics code & report , numerical methods code & report , basic strength of materials homework , modeling and physical simulation project and hw , mechanics 3 homework . 
numerical methods code & report , basic strength of materials homework , modeling and physical simulation project and hw , mechanics 3 homework 
numerical methods is killing me , while basic strengths and MASOPS are brooding in the corner 
1.41421 35623 73095 04880 16887 24209 69807 85696 71875 37694 80731 76679 73799 
says one more report then sleep is mine 
zZzZzZ 
mod sim , tennis simulation a go go 
thinks his tennis simulation may work 
knows his tennis simulation works 
1 exam down , 2 to go 
1 exam down , 2 to go for today 
3 down , 2 more .. 1 tomorrow and 1 wednesday 
is coffee , ramen , and mechanics for the rest of the night . at least i got my laptop fixed ... 
god is good , passed mechanics 3 by the skin of my teeth 
enjoying the break 
\The Universe is like a safe to which there is a combination . But the combination is locked up in the safe . \ " Think about it ... " 
Breaking your teeth on the hard life coming Show your scars Cutting your feet on the hard earth running Show your scars Breaking your life Broken , beat and scarred But we die hard 
Perpetual Flame is seriously one of the best albums ever ... 
Do You See What I See ? Truth Is an Offence You Silence for Your Confidence Do You Hear What I Hear ? Doors Are Slamming Shut Limit Your Imagination , Keep You Where They must Do You Feel What I Feel ? Bittering Distress Who Decides What You Express Do You Take What I Take ? Endurance Is the Word Moving Back Instead of Forward Seems to Me Absurd 
sleep 
Baptized in a firefightHot blood running cold as ice44 minutes of target practiceAll hell's breaking looseOutgunned , watching \The Force\ " come to a firefight with a pocketknifegetting schooled until they shot Achilles ' heel and brought down the beast !!! " 
back to the old grind . 
golf outing till noon . 
Out of the ashes of my youth , I rise a man , And through the eyes of truth , I finally understand , The way ! 
working at 6am tomorrow , means getting up at 4 .... ouch 
Remember , remember the Fifth of November , The Gunpowder Treason and Plot , I know of no reason Why Gunpowder Treason Should ever be forgot ... 
Mia vs . Tampa bay & Bal vs . Cle , Dolphins today , ravens tomorrow ! 
Controlling the world , one second at a time 
megadeth concert > new < PROPFEMALE > midnight showing 
Megadeth was awesome , suicide solutions sucked . Machine head was machine head ... 
Have plague will travel ! 
Metal Gear Solid Peace < PROPMALE > will be amazing ! 
Dead Space Extraction is legit . 
My father's surgery went well , he is in recovery 
Dad is resting at home . 
Ravens need to step it up , i'm feeling a comeback game like Miami ! 
sleep ................... 
Absolute Zero comes in January ... 
Go Ravens and Dolphins ! 
Come on Niners , keep up the good work ! 
Successfully done 100 trades , with 100 people around the United States . 
Blazin ' wingz , are amazing ! 
T-minus 2H : 49min till driving to Florida . 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Lallo , my grandfather and friend . You will be missed . 
is listening to Amon Amarth . 
Finally got computer speakers fixed ! yes 
\Thor Odin’s son Protector of mankind Ride to meet your fate Your < PROPFEMALE > awaits Thor Hlôdyn’s son Protector of mankind Ride to meet your fate Ragnarök awaits \"" 
finally updated < PROPMALE > of nightmares on myspace .... now i need to record the vocals and do some small updates and the song will be almost complete . 
tech writing hw ... all day lol 
When the Jews return to Zion , And a comet fills the sky . The Holy < PROPMALE > Empire rises , And you and I must die . From the eternal sea he rises . Creating armies on either shore . Turning man against his brother . Till man exists no more 
Sad news about The Scorpions retirement , at least their last cd sounds promising , and they will have a fairwell tour ! 
needs to study vibrations , and finish his tech writing homework . 
Is finishing up his memo , then it's Airplane Vehicle Performance homework ... 
Thermo exam , then vibrations and integrated aircraft design homework . 
Got an Archlord Kristya Today . I call it a good day , after an awesome exam in thermo . 
is < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
just survived a AVP exam that was epic for the ages 
tech writing is done , Team Green after 5pm tomorrow ! 
All i have left today is AVP from 3-4/5 . after that it's game time for Team Green ! 
homework for vibrations , and integrated aircraft . Dinner at < PROPFEMALE > garden though . 
Vibrations is cancelled tomorrow ! 
Loved the half day off , would love to have a whole day off tomorrow ! 
AVP all night 
Finished shoveling snow : E = W + Q Total Energy Used : 1.4228 x10^9 Joules + 480,000 Joules = 1.423 x10^6 Kj I need a red bull lol . 
If You Assume Contradictory Axioms , You Can Derive Anything . It's Called the Principle of Explosion . 
My head explodes , my ears ring , I can't remember just where I've been ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dickman is running blackwing's now . It's official ... 
IRON MAIDEN TOURING WITH DREAM THEATER , I THINK SO ! 
Is making Lobster Stir-Fry for dinner ! 
\When it's cold outside ... Am I here in vain ? \"" 
AVP , IAE , TECH WRITING , AVP ... 
Strawberry-Banana Redbull Smoothie , a great way to start the day ! 
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple . 
Just bought his ticket to see Iron Maiden and Dream Theater on July 15 in < PROPMALE > ! 
Starting a quarter of < PROPFEMALE>'s and 2 aero classes . This will be nice ... 
Listening to Piece of Mind ! 
This boar ain't very cool . 
Has an archaeology exam at 2 , then mgmt of professionals followed by home and arby's with team green 
is at the red's game ! 
feels confident about his avp exam , and has to finish the rest of his homework . 
Took 3 exams , got 3 A's . It's a good feeling 
Shunpo ? I think so ! 
iron man 2 midnight showing ! 
iron man 2 is amazing ! 
Cut your feet on the hard earth running ! 
Boston and Detroit won today , it's all good . 
golf with my dad at < PROPMALE > county club 
I shot a 77 yesterday ! 
R . I . P < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Dio , He will be missed ! 
come lie on a bed of nails and slumber 
Is doing a scientific study to investigate whether people can distinguish between scientific studies and kidney-harvesting scams . Volunteers are needed , and preferably healthy adults with blood type O 
Exam's today and tomorrow .... :( , but it's my birthday today so it makes up for it slightly ! 
Thanks to all those who wished me a happy birthday , I appreciate it ! 
2 Exams today ! 2:15 and 4:30 then done with them ! All except the flight mechanics project , but that's due Friday ! 
1 Down , 1 to Go ! 
DONE WITH EXAMS ! 
@ twenhoffel for HGBC follies ! 
Loves being a pirate , and being the voice of Chadder for VBS at HGBC 
lovely day of rain , school and parking lines 
patriotic celebration at the grove tonight at 6 followed by a time of fellowship and dessert ! 
Is enjoying his week of peace and tranquility . 
Loves waking up to the smell of dark roasted coffee ! 
Maiden and Dream Theater thursday , can't wait ! 
maiden and dream theater tonight ! 
maiden and dream theater was redic ! 
got a phone interview for a c o-o p in New York ! 
Has been given an offer letter for a c o-o p in New York ! 
Confetti , Pyrotechnics , Whole Lotta Love , Blood , & KISS . Great Night ! 
to a guy in Kentucky I'm known as mr unlucky ! 
Use the boost to get through ! 
19/4/15 with Morgana , good day . Plus my tests seemed to go fine ! 
Grrr ... Matrix Structural Analysis Homework .... 
Playing Starcraft Campaign ! 
Westwards the tide . \ 
Westwards we sail on . \ 
Sail by the talisman . 
final week of classes ! 
3 exams down 1 more on Tuesday 
Finally my finals are over ! 
Why is slip of the tongue such a good album ? 
9 days till I leave for Utica , NY ! 
leaving for Richmond tomorrow with my dad for the race this weekend ! 
just got into west < PROPFEMALE > . on my way to Richmond ! 
Spending quality time with my dad and grandfather . Next up famous < PROPMALE>'s for linner and the nationwide race 
Grades are in , above 3.0 for the second time in my college career ! 
o'Charley's at midnight after the race ! 
Just killed an Infernape with a Flareon , Yeah !!! 
Leaving For Utica , NY tomorrow ! 
on the road 
having lunch at < PROPMALE > Evans outside of < PROPMALE > 
just arrived in utica ! moving in ! 
let's go ravens ! 
little ceaser's for lunch and found warheads for later 
Going to the gym at 8 ! 
working with robots , going to be a good day 
tomorrow feels like a 3 wolf 1 < PROPFEMALE > day ! 
Going to see some waterfalls tomorrow ! 
< PROPMALE > Falls was amazing , now it's football time ! 
the wildebeast returns to propagate the herd . 
Is this soliloquy or Psychosis\ 
Or Self-Hypnosis 
fire at work today , great way to start the day 
tonight it's skyline time ! 
watched eternal sunshine of the spotless mind last night , great movie 
my company's server crashed today . joy oh joy ! 
ac/dc and coffee to get me going this morning 
The question is , why do i not have a chello and why am i not learning how to play it ?... 
Loving Apocalyptica's New Album ! 
I've got another confession to make , I'm no fool ... 
Blank face in the windowpane , \ 
Made clear in seconds of light , \ 
Disappears and returns again , \ 
Counting hours , searching the night ... 
why do people like < PROPMALE > matthews ? I don't understand ... 
I ain't got time to bleed ... 
rainbows in the sky this morning . it should be a good day ! 
http://m.youtube.com/watch?gl=CA&client=mv-google&hl=en&v=5gcdviUHnm8 
you know it's going to be a long day when your on your second coffee and you've been at work for 30 minutes ... 
Watching as the world expires , From up amongst the clouds , In cathedral spires ... 
He who knows others is wise . He who knows himself is enlightened . 
going to see < PROPMALE > cook in syracuse tonight ! 
just got a free ticket upgrade 
Awesome show last night seeing < PROPMALE > Cook , and a beautiful day today ! This week is looking good , with halloween this weekend ! 
Heavy lies the crown ... 
This is halloween , this is halloween , pumpkins scream in the dead of night ! 
Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream . The first mouse quickly gave up and drowned . The second mouse , wouldn't quit . He struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out . Gentlemen , as of this moment , I am that second mouse . 
Just got 5 opeth cd's for 38 dollars . Sweet ! 
We lied to each other so much , that in nothing we trust ... 
titanium is very sharp , my 3 lacerated fingers are prime examples . 
8 stitches 
The First Blow Makes The Helmet Crack ... 
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man , but he is brave five minutes longer . 
anyone else miss pitch black and pitch black 2 mountian dew ? 
\Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm . \"" 
stitches out today ! 
sun tea is good tea 
Like a Boss 
Driving to Vienna , Ohio tomorrow ! 
eta 5:37 in vienna 
chilling in vienna 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Black friday shopping after a great day with the family ! 
on the road again , eta 4:30 
back in New York Mills 
Sweet and sour pork ! 
I come from the land of ice and snow ... 
launched my full salvo , waiting for the dust to clear ... 
Supervising till 5pm , then up for whatever ... 
http://aquestions.com/ask-a-ninja-ninjas-and-the-matrix.html/ 
Sometimes you have to ask yourself , is the juice worth the squeeze ? 
Worked 12 hours today .... 
23 
When you shake my hand , better count your fingers ... 
Still day beneath the sun\ 
Asking you who is the one\ 
And when the day is late\ 
We know who must forever wait 
Dolphins and 49ers do me proud , Ravens going to rock tomorrow night as well ! 
\Character is higher than intellect . A great soul will be strong to live as well as think . \"" 
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute , and it seems like an hour . Sit with a pretty girl for an hour , and it seems like a minute . That's Relativity . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
nky bound eta 7pm 
is back in ky ! 
Just got my sister up using Pantera , good day ! 
'' The world is very different for those who cannot see beyond what is placed before their very eyes . '' 
Gomorrah show tonight ! 
ships out @6am tomorrow for thomasville < PROPFEMALE > 
in thomasville ! 
had firehouse sub with da bomb hot sauce for lunch ! 
Learning Unigraphics ! 
Entering the city of dis 
RAVENS !!!! 
a good day at work , full of dream theater and 3d modeling . 
Let's go ravens ! 
No sword has been like this one 
Used to sing on the mountains , but the mountains washed away 
it's a Nos morning 
Loves that he has so much free time to work on music ! 
If I had but an hour of love , \ 
If that be all it's given me . \ 
An hour of love ; upon this earth , \ 
I would give my love to thee 
We're outnumbered here 10 to 1 here , still I love the odds ... 
Demo for The Rider now up on my Myspace ! 
Listening to Stratovarius 
So FFXIII might be the best Final Fantasy since VIII 
Just ordered my RGA7 ! 
74 and < PROPFEMALE > , loving < PROPFEMALE > weather ! 
Shablagoo !! 
Just playing Megaman Zero 
When the Night Falls .... When the < PROPFEMALE > is Full ... 
dream theater monday ! 
is leaving at 6am tomorrow for t-mill ! 
just passed through moultrie 
75 north baby 
thru atlanta 
tennessee ! 
kentucky ! 
t-mill I'm back 
Just downloaded Surtur Rising from Itunes ! 
