Changing my creative direction .. I put the paint brushes away and started my writing endevours . I plan to have my book done within the next couple months , we'll see ... 

I feel envy and lonliness creeping over me ... Why is it that someone as evil and messed up as my Ex finds someone and is going on 4 day trip with them when I can't even get a decent friendship going with a girl ??? Sullen is the flavor of the day I guess ... 
Trial by fire ... I think I'm gonna pound some weights and go for a serious run tonight , I've let the dust of the last couple holiday weeks settle on me and its time to knock it off , lol 
I posted up some new pics now that I got my phone to send emails ... Damn tricky technology ! 
Aww 6 hour bliss under the covers while Placebo lulls me to sleep , good times ... 
The goal today is maintain my composure , focus on the tasks at hand , and not level my employers with a barrage of F-Bombs ... hahahaha 
Are you willing to walk through fire for me ? 
My friends warned me to stay away from girls that wear cat ears to a bar ... I don't listen , lol 
Trippin out right now on a live performance by < PROPFIRST > Gilmour ( Pink < PROPMALE > ) on Channel 414 ... Shine on you crazy < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Instead of pondering if my glass is half empty or half full I find myself wondering what the fuck kinda surface my glass is sitting on ! muhahaha 
Hypocrisy ... Its my corporate noose 
When life bucks you down ... you get up , dust yourself off , climb back on and drive your spurs deep into its rib cage showing it who's boss ! Or don't and just stay in the dirt .... 
I don't try anything , I just do it ... Wanna try me ? 
I hope you know this will go down on your permanent record , oh yeah .... 
Stop looking for a border ... there is no limit to my madness 
It's better to be a poor and wise youth than an old and foolish < PROPMALE > ... 
When life gives you lemons .... you paint that shit gold ! 
Do not believe in miracles - rely on them ... 
Bummin but oh well - flying solo tonight once again ... Doors open and close so fast that I'm starting to forget which side I'm on ... 
Woke up to the pale salmon and powder blue < PROPFEMALE > caressing the Redlands morning sky ... today's precursor of a beautiful tragedy - Night will bring a freshly carved soul .... 
Fate is my temptress ... 
I know the words , that you .. long .. to hear - I know your deep .. est , secret fear ... 
Welcome to my lifestyle obsession .... 
if we are all gonna die anyway shouldn't we be enjoying ourselves now ? You know , I'd like to quit thinking of the present , like right now , as some minor insignificant preamble to something else ... 
I nestle into pain , hug suffering , caress every ache - I play dead , it stops the hurting .... 
So my new ink is delayed a week ... bummer 
If we ... tear out the tumor ... its later ... never sooner .... 
Hard to be soft ... tough to be tender 
In the shape of things to come .... too much poison , com undone ... 
In the shape of things to come ... too much poison , come undone ... 
She lies and says she's in love with him , can't find a better man .... My < PROPFEMALE > turned into an Ex ... 
Soft and regal , you and < PROPFEMALE > are .... 
Starting a new painting for the first time in months tonight ... Gotta get back to rockin the paints !!! 
So the Queens of Hearts is on her rampage again and I'm holding the paint brush with red paint dripping ... I fear for my head 
Life has been a wild ride for the past couple months . It's time to slow down , reflect and brace for the future .... 
I have a sledgehammer in my heart , and I found it when I was your age ... 
I've put on my mental war paint and ready for another week of clashing swords and gnashing teeth ... pause for the battle cry ..... 
As the optimism washes over me and I feel it soak into my pores I have this strange urge to laugh at my former pessimism .... 
Maintaining the upbeat is tough when people keep trying to change your tune - Time to focus on the right channel , and dial it in .... 
little less than 2 hours before I'm San < PROPFIRST > bound ... I best start the drinking immediately upon arriving at the airport to prevent any possible upset of my zen , haha ... 
I'm resting in a lush garden within my mind - the only remaining spot still completely free from outside stresses and let downs , please don't wake me ... 
There is only so long we can talk about random things like dishwasher tablets before the uncomfortable silence creeps up .... Just kiss me already 
I'm gonna suture up your future .... 
It ain't over and I'm not done ... 
You gave me a life I never chose , I wanna leave but the world won't let me go ... 
I'm mastering the lost < PROPMALE > of keeping a secret .... 
Sanity is just a front for the lack of imagination ... Copyrights are pending for my quote so use it while you can ;) 
I am the dark lining on a silver cloud .... 
Gearin up for a sick weekend - Cool-chella : Bands/DJ's , inebriation , and under 90 degrees all three days ;) 
4 days off was not enough ... now I'm just getting greedy 
Now is the only time I know ... if you're gonna do it , sink the knife in slow 
The world is an intense midevil merry-go-round with sharp edges and rusted nails sticking up to snag your elbow on . No matter how fast it hurls you forward you eventually end up in the same place you started . By the way , this is my stop ..... 
Awesome day in the sun hiking < PROPMALE > Falls with my boy Keegan .... good times 
I found out about a free Raveonettes Show next weekend ! Beyond stoked right now ! 
Let's see what y'all think ... Do I drive back to the Desert this weekend and try to catch up with old friends or to Ontario to a Car show/see some bands play and try and meet new friends ?? 
Hellya - Free Raveonettes concert next weekend and then a free < PROPFIRST > Sharpe/Drake/Chromeo show in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > the following week . Finally getting my music fix for free ! ;) 
No more loose ends , all the snakes of this dry , < PROPFIRST > desert have been washed away . Its time to bury my guns in the ground and retire my lust for justice . The red tan of the summer has set in and the wide open road stretches out in front of me ... 
Things are easy , when you don't know betta , if you think it's sleezy then write it in a short letter .... the hardest button to button 
When I grow up - I want to live near the sea , Crab claws and bottles of rum ... I put my soul into what I do - I've never liked that sad look ... from someone who wants to be loved by you 
You pucker up , our passion's spent - my body's broken , yours is bent ... carve your name into my arm - instead of stressed , I lie here charmed .... 
A lot of hope in a one man tent , there's no room for innocence - take me home before the storm , < PROPFEMALE > moths will keep us warm ... 
http://youtube.com/watch?v=c1CByDZ8XsE 
Another cool vid of the Raveonettes at < PROPFEMALE > last year .. another great show ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVcXf1PIFhg&feature=related 
Next week's show in < PROPFEMALE > B- < PROPFIRST > Sharpe and the Magnetic zeros ! ( I caught this act at Coachella , awesome performance ! ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cb_x1SRaJMc 
She's got sunset on her breath now , I inhaled just a little bit - Now I've got no fear of death now ... 
She slinks down slowly , letting the blistering water in the tub rise around the contours of her skin . The water in every cell of her body awakens to the touch of the water surrounding her , as if they were reuniting with long lost friends . As her stress ascends with every billow of steam , I sit thinking to myself only a couple < PROPMALE > away . Before I closed my eyes , I whispered to the < PROPFEMALE > , “I’m intrigued by her . ” 
Ok - by no means am I a Lady Gaga fan but for a sixth grader I was completely amazed by this kid's voice !?!? Also , check out the reactions in the background - funny shit ... http://www.bing.com/videos/watch/video/sixth-grader-performs-lady-gagas-paparazzi/20tksavd 
The difference between genius and insanity reminds me of waves crashing on a < PROPMALE > shore ... a very close relationship that is equally beautiful and dangerous ! 
\Wake me up when you're broke - Only if it's broken ... You know I treat you like a joke - but you can't tell when I'm joking\ " The Dead Weather " 
Had the best weekend in a long , long time !... oh by the way , the free annual \Extravaganza\ " show in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > sucks ass - the people were shitty and the event was completely unorganized . It was like being stuck in the LA riots but add a million douche bag richy college brats ! LMAO - I guess you get what you pay for ;) " 
Excited , nervous , & peaceful all at the same time ( I didn't know that was even possible ! ) with the amazing life experiences I've been encountering - I feel like my heart has grown 3 sizes larger lately ... 
Hump day is on folks ! Going into meetings , having a busy \company day out\ " with fellow employees and then spending time with my girl tonight ... good times ! " 
You whisper secrets in my ear , slowly dancing cheek to cheek - It's such a sweet thing when you open up , baby ... They say I'll only do you wrong , We come together cause I understand , Just who you really are , lil ' baby .... 
As my finger tips run slowly down the small of her back , my mind tries to find a way to remove the pain from her life - a beautiful creature such as this does not deserve what the world has dished up ... I softly say a prayer asking for the pendulum to swing the other direction as I kiss her goodbye ... 
It's a strange thang how my < PROPMALE > style constantly changes and evolves ... 
What'chu talkin ' about < PROPMALE > !? RIP < PROPMALE > ... 
Just like the body , the soul needs to be healthy and fit ... I've worked on \cutting the fat\ " off of my soul by removing the negative people from my life - I'm feeling 110% improved :) " 
Pappa bear has been havin to put the smack down lately but hey , I gotsta do what I gotsta do - just keepin it real ! ;) 
I feel drained and yucky today :( damn sickness better not be comin'! arghhh 
Another day another dollar ... trying to focus hard on the positive today and not let shit overwhelm me . Keep it together , keep it together .... 
Hell to the yes ! Friday finally ... Holdin it down for a couple more hours and the work week is done whoooop ! 
The drama < PROPFEMALE > needs to leave me alone now - I've reached my daily limit , hahaha ... 
Wow - you know you're tired when you can pass out on the couch with bombs and gunshots going off in the movie playing right in front of you , hahaha ... I definitely cannot party like a 12 year old anymore :( 
Waking up to the sound of chainsaws and blowers is actually not as bad as one would think - especially after enduring years of living in the \devil's ass-crack\ " ... my Los < PROPFEMALE > apartment was \ " butted\ " up against the 405 and 101 Hwy crossing ... now that was shitty ! ;) " 
I never try anything , I just do it .... wanna try me ?! ( thunderball 65 ' ) 
I'm definitely drinking a beer tonight and toasting in honor of all the good men out there that have stepped up as responsible fathers ! Cheers to y'all and keep fighting the good fight ! 
SF here I come ! Now all I need is my brain to wake up ... 
SF here we come ! Now that my brain is awake .... 
Eternal bliss can only be reached after a proper dose of hell has been consumed ... the trick is not letting it consume you 
' bout damn time for the weekend - tired of doin the dang thang ! 
\He who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man \"" 
Men are not prisoners of fate , but prisoners of their own minds . ~ Franklin D . < PROPMALE > 
Sometimes it's harder to attain inner silence than outer silence . The dog stopped barking and the kids have gone to bed , but your mind has a lot to talk about and it knows you can't pretend you're not at home . ~ Linda Solegato 
A mental stain can neither be blotted out by the passage of time nor washed away by any waters . ~ Cicero 
the pendulum swing of life - it always seems to evolve and change right when its needed the most 
F**K yeah ! I just received an email confirm for 2 audience tix to see the Black Keys perform on the Late , Late show !!! See ya soon < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
even after 8 hours sleep - still draggin ' ... it's cool though , I'll sleep when I'm dead 
\Just a rage and three kinds of yes ... tonight I'm gonna rest ... my chemistry \"" 
Awww .... the beauty of < PROPFEMALE > and the natural justice of the universe is a wonderful thing to witness ! It pays to be a good person ! 
Feelin like shhhh ..... Ragin head throb , body pains and Kaiser being douche bagz . I need some good sleep tonight otherwise I'll be a ween tomorrow 
blaaaaaaaa ...... 
Argghh ! I totally forgot my lunch today !!!! :( 
Ok - Now I really know what I want for my B-Day ... F**kin INTERPOL is comin back to LA !!!! I'm soooooooo there ! Tix go on sale preorder this Saturday ! http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/090044EF7C473864?artistid=836507&majorcatid=10001&minorcatid=60 
Back to work I go ... 
Sometimes it's harder to attain inner silence than outer silence . The dog stopped barking and the kids have gone to bed , but your mind has a lot to talk about and it knows you can't pretend you're not at home . ~ Linda Solegato 
Men are not prisoners of fate , but prisoners of their own minds . ~ Franklin D . < PROPMALE > 
Faith , forgiveness and love are the answers to the ill will of man .... 
We're all rays of the sun and it's time to shine ! 
It's raining ice picks on your steel shore .... 
The fight to have hope when everything seems hopeless is the true test of one's will ... Is fate my temptress ? 
Redirected focus and a solid need for positivity is the specials of the day ... I will make these permanent selections on my menu of life ! 
I don't even know what going on any more ... maybe that's a good thang ? 
Always try to better your best ... than atleast you can die without regret 
A test of < PROPFEMALE > and positivity is my path as of late .... but hey , I quit smoking and gettin ' easier every day ! 
Well , it looks like my company's scaling back ( again ) and now they're taking back company cell phones and aircards so it looks like I will no longer have a free phone :( I'll let everyone know once I get a new phone/# 
Awesome ! Thank you everyone for being so cool and givin ' me love on my B-Day ... y'all kickazzzz ! :) So far so good and I got another year under my belt ... now maybe I can get on those fun rides at Magic Mountain !!! Yaaaaaaay ! ;) 
Ok so , my co-workers hooked me up with a kickazzz button that says \I'm slackin ' off ' cause its my birthday ! ( tomorrow I'll find another excuse ! )\ " soooo ..... I'm taking the great advice ;) " 
Ok so what's a guy gotta do to get a f**kin drink in this place !!! awww yeah , still at work ... ;) 
With a set of things crossed off my list of to-do's , and a slightly bruised ego , I'm ready to push through another week in the life ... just addin ' stars and dents to my armor 
It's a wierd and amazing feeling to be tetering on unemployment ... Now is the time to focus on the current situations at hand - cuz ' with one leg in the past and one leg in the future , all your doing is pissing on today :) 
From the words of Space - The female of the species is more deadlier than the male ... How can heaven hold a place for me when a girl like you has cast her spell on me 
Time for a new < PROPFEMALE > in my life ... this old story has been played out and worn itself thin 
Tonight might be a good night to go get into some trouble ... :) 
Going through some storms in life but hey , this is just god giving me my sea legs ! :) 
You never know where life's challenges might lead you next ... 
ugghh ... I can feel my mask of sanity about to slip off ! hahaha 
Is a fairwell to Cali in my future ? maybe .... only time will tell ! 
Born on a different cloud .... 
A failed reality only occurs when a dream is not pursued ... and Yes , I'm burning incenses right now :) 
Right now I'm hurrying to wait and waiting to act fast ! Huge life choices < PROPFEMALE > in the balance but in reality ... when do they not ? :) 
Its true that the minute you release a thought into action ( by writing it on facebook , lol ) it makes it a part of this world and things start changing ... well , in just a couple hours I've received key information that I now need to stop waiting and act fast ... this might actually be a farewell to cali 
Life's moving very fast right now - gearing up for my move , hittin ' phone interviews and spending lots of time in court ... If I don't respond quick it's cuz ' Starbucks is my only outlet for Internet . I hope everything is going good for everyone I'll talk with ya ' as soon as possible . Take care ! 
Ey Ching'ow ... the cold of Utah kicked my ass - been feelin shitty for 2 days but I'm back on that horse . I hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving and take care ! 
Great interview yesterday and things are lookin ' up - good time to enjoy life ! 
Faith is all I have to hold onto anymore . I'm praying I get a positive change soon ... 
Settling into a nice lil ' creative undertow - Good company has inspired me 
The desert sunset was amazing ! Gotta love the little things ~ 
Trippin on < PROPFIRST > Darko ... did some painting today too ! 
Coachella line up !! - Not sure about Kanye Sunday ( meh ) but there is a lot of acts there I've yet to see live ! Stoked about the Strokes ... 
Bought some new paints and continuing to keep myself creatively busy ... ' bout time 
Finished with F/B ... real life is better when you're livin it ... :) take care ! 
