im a INFJ and im rare less then 1% of the population is this personality but its a curse as well because u can never find some one that could love u or handle in a way u need to be 

in pain wish my heart and cheast would stop hurting 
feeling like my heart has been ripped in two 
broken and twisted inside i cry wishing i had some one to care about me 
broken and twisted inside i cry wishing i had some one to care 
broken and twisted inside i cry wishing i had some one to care hope one day i wont be like this 
hopine everything works out this time 
worried that maybe he will leave me 
call me im bored see if u want to < PROPFEMALE > or just talk .. 937 665 1707 
i had court today and i didnt go to jail call 937-665-1707 
hoping he would see that i love him and that i cant lose him again he has been my heart and soul and holds both in his hands he is my everthing 
bored out of my mind wishing there was something fun to do 
wishing to be something real to someone . someone who is a real man and not some kid 
bored as hell wishing i could do something fun . hope i can fine someone that is right for me . missing the only person that could actaully make me feel alive . still bored idk what to do . lalalalalalalalalalalalala 
bored as hell wishing i could do something fun . hope i can fine someone that is right for me . missing the only person that could actaully make me feel alive . 
i think this my baby thing is funny roflmfao 
hopful some one would get his head out of his ass and grow up and be a gosh damn man 
OSU WON OSU WON YAY YAY YAY SORRY BUT MICHIGAN SUCKED 
OSU WON OSU WON YAY YAY YAY SORRY BUT MICHIGAN SUCKED trying to make things right im asking for forgivens 
pissed off dk why wish i was with some one 
bored missing my baby wishing he was here right now 
upset things might be going down hill wont find out untill next month what happens 
im happy everything is fine now that i got everything straighting out 
i feel pretty also pretty i feel pretty and witty and bright 
pissed off wishing guys would just stop being asses and actually tell u that they want to talk and keep talking to u instand of talking then quiet talking to u 
sick with a stomach flu wishing it would go away 
i wish u a < PROPFEMALE > fucking christmas to all the jackasses out there and i hope u fall flat on ur asses too < PROPFEMALE > :D 
tired of being acoused of something that i havent done 
pissed off if u are not going to talk to me then unadd me because its pissing me off that others wont talk to me 
blue 
i need some help taking care of a baby kitten please call if u can keep 937-665-1707 
new cell new number im so happy 
well i just got my navel periced 
bored home text me if u have mucles a six pack and great personality nine 3 seven four ... http://chatter.com/a/4ju2r?ref=nf 
the pain in my head the ach in my chest i feel like i cant breath with all this stree . my eyes hurt my skin is hot i feel like im on fire even though im cold to touch . the pounding in my brain is like a strom the will not end i wish i could sleep . with my body not at ease and its hurts to move . 
ppl are nuts and im just sick im tired hurt and if u try to mess with me today ill tell u the fuck off im not in a good mood !!!!!!!!!! 
missing him like crazy wishing i was in his arms right now 
nothing compares to my heart ach and i wish that it will end know what he wants is not what i cant give . wanting to give up but dont how i could loving him is so easy but at the same time so very hard . 
im not mad at anyone im mad at myself to every believe that a man could ever love me . 
being with out him is hard im wish he was here . i guess im not dating anymore so yeah 
wondering what i did wrong that he didnt want me wonding what i could to do to get him back my nights are lonely with out him and my days are filled with every thought of him . wanting him in my arms and in my bed were my nights arent so cold and unforgive and my dreams all i can do is dream about him . he is all i want and all i'll ever need 
i want him back i would do anything to have him in my life i dont think i can live with out him 
taking time out to work on myself . i need to reinvoluate my life and and things i want to handle the strees better and not jump into things that im not ready for 
I GOT MY CAR AND MY LISCENE TODAY IM SO HAPPY !!!!!! YAY YAY YAY !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
bored as hell i dont like driving but have to . need to get home soon to eat and change and get back on the road 
Weirdest things happen for a reason and I'm glad that it's happening 
he left again and its killing me maybe i should just leave for good since he seem so much happier with out me . he told me he loved me then left . now im sitting at his house crying 
his gf and him finally got what they want me out of their lifeves so they can work things out and live happily together . the best of luck to them 
home might have a job cant wait need to work for mom to pay cell < PROPMALE > and work for dad too . 
so very happy with my life 
what pissed me off was that she wants to be a person that hurt the man i love and yet she doesnt even care about his feelings i just wish he will see that i wont do that to him but it ever i give up . some one else wants me and is willing to treat me right . 
everyone please send me wishes to raise money for clean water http://apps.facebook.com/causes/birthdays/355382?m=25b93875&bws=s 
so bored someone text me cant sleep 
cant sleep wishing some one was here to hold me 
cut my hair 
just got done mowing the grass so hot and stick taking a shower here soon so i can be clean 
Just got home , headed to the hospital . My neice got burn , but she is fine . She is coming home here soon . Have to babysitted . 
everyone please send me wishes to raise money for clean water http://apps.facebook.com/causes/birthdays/355382?m=fd535bbf&bws=s 
IM 20 SO HAPPY !!!!!!! WISH THAT I COULD SHARE THIS WITH ANOTHER PERSON I CARE FOR HOPE THAT I WILL BE FORGIVEN SOON . 
IM 20 SO HAPPY !!!!!!! 
everyone please send me wishes to raise money for clean water http://apps.facebook.com/causes/birthdays/355382?m=1025f334&bws=s 
everyone please send me wishes to raise money for clean water http://apps.facebook.com/causes/birthdays/355382?m=bdfcb28f&bws=s 
sick and i hate it i cant talk so dont call also just text me . 
i hate basketball so shut up about it your giving me a headach 
cant sleep still mot feeling well but i have work to do . 
my neck hurts i cant sleep and im still kinda sick and i cant turn my head i cant believe my day so far is bad i wonder whats going to happen next 
ok so im happy and sad but im at least losing weight and im down to 135 to 140 
new pics of me one it from two months ago the other one was 4 days ago 
cooked dinner and was happy about how it came out i think i should be come a chef but then i would have my books 
so bored cant sleep . Im getting my room back tomorrow so happy 
so bored almost done with my room going to be making money soon and im so happy\\n Vira 
i made the most delicious burger i ever ate 
putting a puzzle together and omg imy back and everything else is in pain 
tired of drama think about leaving this town . my friends are frighting and i might not have anyone anymore . i just wish that ppl would grow up . 
thinking about deleting my facebook it getting to much for me . im leaving this town in the winter planning on going to see my cuz . no one seem to care if i leave so im doing everyone a favor and leaving with out a word . no one will know when i left . 
need sleep !!! in pain train with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > omg im in so much pain have to go to the docs to see if i can fix the problme because i used to be able to bind and not hurt . lol miss my coon * puppy cricles bed and plobs down * night every one 
hey all im getting ready to eat then going to the movies if you need me hit up my cell or if you want to make plans for tonight text or call 9374796396 
got a free dinner at bduds now im at the movies . 
stuck on the side of the road by stonequre with a flat tire omg my day is getting worst\\n never ment for love 
hate not sleeping then have to sit from 6 to 2 at a flea market this is going to be fun with coffee in my system 
hey anyone one who one to im me here is my IM sn\ 
Virawolfy@gmail.com 
so happy about today im finally going to get everthing done . when if i have to stay up all night to do it . im so pound . yay !!!!!!!!! 
so pissed off because all i want to do is < PROPFEMALE > with friends and i got blown off some friends i have 
I losed everything and now im starting fresh . if you something to say please keep it to yourself im not in the mood to deal with others . i dont want no bull pucky on here if your consure i understand but if you just want to be a d-bag i wont hold back on what i dish out . 
Im a great aunt today im so happy cant wait to see my new niece !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
love this night and ill never forget it as long as my heart is up to the heaven and to the dark angel in my dreams 
missing my baby so much that is not funny i kissed him twice before he lefted and now i have to wait probably 30 days to see him . this day has been bad and i want to sleep to make it go away . 
got to see my baby today . he was abou to cry i hope to get i get to hold him again 
Four teenage boys have committed suicide in 3 weeks due to being bullied because of their sexuality . Repost this if you're more concerned about this than < PROPFIRST > Lohan going to rehab 
so happy seeing my baby in 9 hours 
hungry dont know what to eat 
how do you get over the one man that has made you whole for so longand now is no where to be found and have no one to help you thou it ? 
just got my nails done and they look good 
im not going to be on here for a while if you want to talk you know my number . text or call but im out 
i was never ment to have love . i was always ment to be alone . i want to disapper so that not many ppl could find me . \\n Lonely One 
just got a new tattoo it hurt a lot . all thats left is the color . \\n Lonely One 
tattoo is itchin like crazy . only two more hours in the chair next time around cant wait untill its done 
need help with names for my gametag for xbox if you have suggestion hit me up 
need gametags of friends 
if you have an xbox and you want to play give me your gamertag 
new pics look at it and comment !!!!!!!!!!!! 
what happen to waiting to your 21 to party ? start drinking too early and you become an alcoholic i feel sorry for college kids when they get older . 
Sweet girls come from the South , Barbies come from CA . But * Ohio Girls * We have fire nd ice n our blood ! We can drive n the snow , handle the cold , beat the heat , b a < PROPFEMALE > or throw a right hook nd drink with the boys ! Can cook a whicked good meal nd if we have an OPINION .. Bet ur sweet ass ur gonna hear it . If ur a Ohio Girl nd damn proud of it copy nd repost . 
Steelers won yesterday so all the ppl who thought they would loose . its in your face . Steelers are the best and you dont fuck with the best . 
so tired of never finding what i need pissed off at the fact what i find doent need what i can give 
hanging on by a triad wish i could just sleep away all this pain that has build up inside me . it gets harder every day just to stand let alone move . but every day i make it throu . but the pain is always there throbbing like its has its own mind . 
So damn happy that im with my baby\ 
~ V ~ 
So happy that im back with my baby\ 
want to go out but dont know where to go 
my phone got stolen so if you need me send me a message with your number 
today i feel raw and not wanted and so unattractive like im some kinda girl that is ugly and not worth of any guys attention . 
feel like im drowning in a never ending wave . cant breath , can see i keep hitting shit that is all around me . wish for it to end . thats how my life feels and all i want it to stop . there is not love for that which it is cold . 
why am i never good enough 
this sucks so bad 
this has been a rough couple of weeks . i just hope tomorrow will be better 
is relaxing 
someone please shot me 
just got done tanning feeling pretty good about myself 
my car is fix and im so happy thank god for my daddy 
i need more pig bids please send me 5 more 
4 more dinner bids send more 
So i sitting here watching a movie . now i see what sexy as hell white guys want a slut . i guess thats why no guy wants me 
so bored 
worst night ever i had fucking dreams 
i should be a blond because im such a idot 
in love with my baby 
just finish cleaning the kitchen . now 3 other rooms and a load of towels then taking out the trash in the am . im so bored 
Red Riding Hood = up there with the underworld saga 
i just got called ugly . wow is that what everyone thinks about me 
if anyone out here has a video for smith middle school performance that has < PROPFIRST > Laforce in sing dukes of < PROPMALE > please put it on youtube\ 
thank you 
joining the army !!!! wish me luck . 
