going to NYC for dim sum :D 

is obsessed with Lie to Me ... be prepared to have your facial expressions analyzed ... 
Got a position working at the BRONX ZOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!! 
smashed a Jaguar with his truck ... not a good day ... 
has returned from the NYC UNICEF Summit .... 
is kinda totally excited for Transformers .... 
Transformers 2 , prolly one of the best movies ever !!!! 
Transformers @ midnight + 1st day working at the Bronx Zoo = exhausted .... 
relaxing after a long week 
excited for the parkour jam on wednesday ... 
had an awesome day full of the zoo , parkour , and parties ... 
Happy fourth to all ! 
NOOOOOOOO !!!!! Roddick , good game :( 
got to play with an emu today :D 
is paintballing ... 
got nightvision binoculars ... kinda awesome ... 
is in Trumball for another parkour jam ... 
is in need of something to do ... 
Parkour Jam in New Haven ... 
is tired from the zoo and parkour ... 
told himself he wouldnt get on facebook today , 2 < PROPFEMALE > later he realized he had just signed on ... 
finished tiling his kitchen floor ... hooray ! 
is looking for recommendations for music he should download before going off to Africa & not being able to download any for several months ... Please share ! 
saw Transfomers in IMAX , yeah that's right , Optimus Prime was life-size ... 
parkour ... 
man , not only do i have to pack for africa , but also to move back into a house i won't even be living in :P 
is packing for District 9 , errr ... I mean Johannesburg ... 
has left for Africa , will have NO INTERNET !!! DO NOT EXPECT RESPONSES !!! 
now definitely has no internet ... definitely don't expect responses ... 
is in Skukuza , Kruger National Park , South AFRICA !!!! 
Just pet a rhino !!! 
is going on a 2km , 3 hour long zipline ... 
is on Spring Break part 2 in Cape Town ... 
is leaving Cape Town ... and internet along with it ... 
is back in Kruger , with internet :D 
is only in Africa for 2 more weeks !! Craziness I tell you ! 
is going to the Killers tomorrow night in Joburg !!! 
Killers rocked , and now just chilling in Joburg 
is home !! 
still getting used to the time zone -.- ZZZ 
just found out that South Africa's fast food chain Nando's does in fact sell peri-peri sauce in the US . BEST BDAY PRESENT EVER !!!!!! 
saw Avatar in 3D ! That's one more D than 2d ! 
watched a bird die today after crashing into his window :( 
wishes all a < PROPFEMALE > christmas :D 
is sick ... :P 
just installed a 55\ LCD TV in his house o.O " 
is packing for school ... 
is back at < PROPMALE > ... 
still has sand from sand boarding in Cape Town in his suitcase ... 
is amused to find that his kitchen cleaner advertises that it kills any gential herpes virus that would be on my counters ... 
is watching the Vikings game ? 
< PROPFIRST > , im sorry , my heart goes out to you ... 
Korean BBQ ... 
just found out one can earn $ 250,000 a year by legally growing and selling marijuana in California ! o.O 
despises Apple products ... damn ipod's software crashed ... 
at the thrashers game ... 
is looking for his phone , it's around here somewhere ... 
woot , saints for the come back ! 
To all on < PROPMALE > campus : If anyone is interested in being an actor/actress for Ryousuke's and my movie , please let either of us know within the next few days ! 
has lost his wallet ... again ... 
forgot how much fun it is to watch the Olympics :D 
studying for his first real test since africa , why does it have to be intro to archaeology ? i think death by a spoon would be less painless ... 
why aren't more commercials this blatant ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_ux0iFrH9Q 
just needs to make it past Wednesday ... < PROPFEMALE > in there body ! 
damn you Canada's men's hockey team ... 
ihop run ... 
with pancakes in his belly , starts to study .... health ... OR could play call of duty ... 
atlanta weather needs to make up its damn mind !! SNOW ?!?! REALLY !?!? 
Campus Movie Fest Finals ... fingers crossed ... 
text vote186 to 41234 to vote for my movie to move ont to regionals ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InZ7JVNvK6s 
what is with all the earthquakes lately ? 
packing for the Amazon ... 
is back from Peru ... will never take dry clothes for granted again ... 
just got back from an epic Hawks game ... 
kid cudi ... eh ... 
is at Duke 
is back , now work , uggh ... 
has been unexplainably yearning for a cowboy hat and boots ... 
why is this Ecology of the Tropics midterm so long ? 
spent his morning firing shotguns ... yes i live in GA ... 
went to the doctor just for him to tell me to take aleve ... o.O 
trivia night ... god damn the bonuses ... 
stealing someones mcdonalds snack wraps while they are still in line in the drive thru and then having an ensuing car < PROPMALE > ( both by car and by foot ) and car hide-and-seek around clairmont at 2am is fun ... UNLESS THEYRE YOUR SNACK WRAPS !!!! 
has surprisingly few welts from paintball ... 
is classfying fish for a paper ... why cant people agree on the same same name for the same fish !!!!! 
is a little creeped out how facebook has now been intergrated everywhere , from CNN to Pandora ... 
The Losers was amazing !!!!! Doooon't stop ... believing !!! 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > concert in the rain ... this weekend is getting better and better ... 
the one piece of Apple technology I have , the iPod , is the biggest piece of crap that breaks down all the freaking time !!!! and I'm a PC ... 
Things you learn while studying for finals , #12 : reading while spinning in a desk chair is difficult and unproductive ... yet addicting ... 
has just finished watching all the episodes of Community in under 14 hours ... some say I'm worthless ... they're just jealous ... 
iron man 2 was pretty good , not amazing , but pretty good 
is horseshoe crab hunting ... 
is leaving for South Africa !!!! ( don't try calling me ) 
through a series of misfortunate events , deleted some pictures he took , which turn out to have been the best quality pictures of a currently undocumented and new species of bird and is now spending his time trying to recover the delted data ... 
cannot access a single < PROPMALE > website and IT tells me theres nothing they can do :( 
will be losing readily available internet tomorrow ... 
is experiencing World Cup fever in ZA ! 
is going to the < PROPFIRST > Coast v North Korea game tomorrow !!!!!!! 
is returning to ATL soon !!! 
is back in ATL for July 4th , and then will be promptly leaving on the 5th ... 
I'm on a boat ! ( Crusin ' ) 
sometimes my life is like a bad comedy ... except I'm not laughing ... 
That's right Spain ! Go back to your tulips Dutch ... 
is leaving for Arizona for an animal behavior field course ... 
is actually in New Mexico , who'd of guessed ? 
Starcraft 2 ... and there goes my social life :( 
while returning from buying his electric guitar , had his car catch on fire :( 
Cedar Point tomorrow ! 
is exhausted from Cedar Point ... 
is watching the Atlanta Falcons players get on \ 
their private plane in the Ohio airport ... 
is going INSANE living in a house where everyone leaves the lights on and no one recycles ... 
is about to have a mangasm while watching the offspring of testosterone and an explosion ... ( going to see the expendables ) 
feels burned out and hasn't even started school :( 
accidentally super glued his hands together today ... twice ... 
wifi + add/drop/swap = dropping a class while attending it and consequently standing up and leaving mid-lecture 
honor thesis : catching frogs and salamanders , I am literally getting college credit for an activity i did for fun as a child ... 
stressing ... 
is disappointed in you < PROPMALE > Roddick ... 
just found out that catching salamanders , takes A LOT longer than expected ... 
won a ticket to the Dalai Lama's office hours , sweet ... 
Chipotle is my DUC 
delusional :P 
LOOKING FOR PEOPLE TO HELP ME CATCH FROGS & SALAMANDERS ON MONDAY FROM 2-5 !!!!! Seriously guys , I'll owe you big ... 
hypothetically speaking , if you were to be carrying your cell phone , itouch , bottle of ethanol , a vial with a preserved salamander , and a chipotle burrito bowl , all at once , which would you be worried about dropping the most ? 
ice cream ! 
How does FOX know how to screw up tv shows so well ? 
thank you super mash bros for reacquanting me with the space jam theme song 
first place in trivia baby !! 
ecology field trip , gone for the weekend ... 
got spanked by an ecology test :( what has my life come to ? 
\All great scientists have long hair at some point in their lives\ " ~ from a post-doc in my lab " 
screwed up and isn't sampling tomorrow !!!! ARRRGH !!!!!! now the whole schedule needs to be revised !!!! 
was called a \salamander detective\ " today by a five-year old :D " 
waking up at 6am to go to work and finding out your car battery no longer holds a charge = one cranky motherf***er 
Fulbright submitted ... 
is going sampling alone tomorrow :( 
is seeing the Dalai Lama tomorrow , should be beneficial for my soul ... 
getting excited for a baller class schedule next semester ... 
just won two tickets to a week early screening of the Due Date ... 
went off-roading in my audi , the man in the jeep with custom tires thought i couldnt make it , but whos laughing now ? 
woah woah woah woah woah ........... woah ........ Pandora has a limit to free listening ? 
Rain = SALAMANDERS !!!!!!! 
the Due Date wasn't bad , but could have been better .. 
what came first ? the can or the can opener ? 
is tired of everything ... 
the salamanders are getting smarter , theyre hunting in packs ... the < PROPMALE > has become the hunted ... 
apparently zombies can't be under 21 :( 
just finished rocking out to Motion City Soundtrack in concert !!! 
how many times must one get burned before they realize they are playing with fire ? 
life is sometimes like a treadmill , you keep running and running but you never get anywhere , but if you stop running , it hurts like hell ... 
just fuck it all ... 
when the boy dangled the carrot in front of the donkey to get the cart to move , did the donkey ever realize he was never going to get the carrot and gave up or did he keep trying until he collapsed form exhaustion ? either way , i don't think he got the carrot ... 
would have been ok with choosing Australia over the US , but Qatar ? Really ? 
has a < PROPFEMALE > new webcam :D 
is very sad , wet , and cold , after sampling in the rain all day :( 
only took a week to get my new shoes dirty , just cant have nice things in field biology :( 
I finally stop procrastinating and open my book to study for finals only to find it has been growing mold :( 
is depressed , didn't catch any salamanders and one of my geckos is looking really sick :( 
Just woke up and is pretty < PROPMALE > over but thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
done ... tired ... sleep ... 
an event that hasnt happened since 1638 and its a cloudy night :( 
Please vote about my tattoo ! 
going to the city for New Years ! 
is spending his afternoon watching wildlife documentaries and yelling at the tv when they get their facts wrong ... i need to get back to atlanta ... 
just got an email that his only class for the semester was changed to 8:30 AM ... went 3.5 years without an 8:30 and now this ? way to end it :P 
fun game : while eating dim sum in chinatown , count the number of different animal taxa that you consume , it much harder than you think ... 
so my first scuba class is mandatory , meets on wednesday , but all flights to atlanta are cancelled today and tomorrow ... 
