Oiiii !!!!!! I'am back on track alive as I have never been ...... You are gonna have to suck it bitches 

Sitting here waiting for my clothes to dry so I can take a shower ... and very anxious to get my new phone ..... 
I wanna dance ... I am spending some money at < PROPFIRST>'s they are having 1/2 off on prismacolor products can't beat that ... :D 
Going to Boston tomorrow ... Not very happy about it ... and I get my license in three days ... 
Tired ... excited about plans for the day today ... shopping ... :D 
in the need to get inspired .... i need to learn how to sew .... 
All right it's halloween .... spoooooooooky .... come see me and crew all dressed up at the hop today .... 
tired waiting for the hop hour ..... cause i love it so much ....... 
Rogers home coming imma kill somebody tonight ..... you included adriane .... lol .... it is going to be a very fun night :] .... 
Going to see coco before < PROPFEMALE > with abita ....... fun 
Then plan is in motion now it will be none stop ........ 
I wanna cry ... Will somebody please give me a million dollars .... I really need it ..... 
Ok ... Lady Gaga new music video for Bad Romance is the bomb , the best ever and the fashion is just splendid .... Now I need money so if anybody wants to donate some my account number is 0359933626 citizens bank please ..... thank you alll 
What should I do today ? 
I need you Madalyn ..... the super cleaner .... 
tired havent slept yet .... 
Watching angels and demons and hated the plot line it relates nothing like the book .... it really let me down on this one lets hope the next one is some related to the book .... like the da vinci code 
just dont wanna get up .... i am very melo right now ...... 
getting ready for the christmas party .... :D ance Just Dance ...... 
Gettting ready for work ..... I don't know why but I feel ok today and I want a christmas present I don't care what it is but just a present .... I think I just I wanna be remembered all together ..... I am feeling very lonely lately and I need to be loved ...... 
oh the phone with < PROPFEMALE > ...... : 0 
cleaning and organizing my room ... listening to some good buddha bar music ..... excited about life today I finally started to see some light at the end of the tunnel ... and realized is not about what you do or don't have but doing the best with what you have and who you are .... 
just woke up .... feeling like shit though .... i need some pills .... 
i am a wrack right now ... i feel a mess ..... time for pills .... 
I feel very lonely right now ..... going to second beach for a walk soon anybody wanna come ? 
is a good mood and wants a hug .... 
wokew up after 13hrs of sleeep .... 
Just got back on the grid peeps ...... 
I need some love anybody ? 
Getting ready for work ... so people come visit me at IHOP I will be there from 5 till midnight .... come get some orange juice and some hashbrowns .... 
To whom ever is awake I just finished watching the september issue documentary with < PROPFIRST > Blink < PROPMALE > and I love iiiiiiiiiittttttttttt ......... 
So this is how twisted my life is I am cleaning my room right now and mind you now is 130 in the morning .... hum .... 
hi there .......... I am cold and thinking about going to the movies later with mister < PROPFIRST > Blink Stanton ..... if he doesnt back out this time lol ........... 
about to go for a walk ....... and then do something fun ..... 
alright you all so IHOP is open today so you better come and visit me all of you .... I will be waiting ... 
so just woke up of a 17hr nap ..... 
In Boston with < PROPFIRST > Blink < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Tuttle , Victoria .... having so much fun pics will be coming on later ... happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > B . and Lady D . Love you all .... 
heating up water so i can take a shower because i have no hot water or heat for that matter and I want to break the boiler outside my house ....... I about to lose it ............... 
i want to write my heart out but it is hard when you know there is no body in your life you feel save enough to be vounerable with .......... I need a knew heart .... I take a brain too if it comes with a deal ... 
< PROPFEMALE > can relax anybody ........... 
I have a lot on my mind right now .... stressing out about everything in my life .... 
what color should I do my hair next ? 
watching little ashes with @ < PROPFIRST > Butler . .... 
with < PROPFEMALE > at operator control ..... fun ..... 
awake at mas with < PROPFIRST > 
blah blah blah ..... I am so tired of life that sometimes the thought of it makes me sick .... Why is this planet so fucked up .... can someone answer me ? 
I had forgotten how much I love club/techno music ..... 
When one tells me their feelings i listen but when I tell somebody my feelings they judge ... Wonder why that is ? 
I am so hungry I could eat for hours non stop .... any suggestions anybody ? 
I need a boyfriend . .. I am too lonely .... anybody up for the task ? 
at cold fusionz ..... with bffz ...... 
IHOP , Middletown , RI ~~~ PSSSST HEY FB FRIENDS ... Weds April 28th is FB Friends day at IHOP ... Tell your server you are a friend to get 20% off your check from 8am-8pm 
IHOP , Middletown , RI ~~~ PSSSST HEY FB FRIENDS ... TODAY is FB Friends day at IHOP ... Tell your server you are a friend to get 20% off your check from 8am-8pm ... And remember to add IHOP to your friend's list ..... 
I think I am starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel .... let's just hope it is not a train . .... 
Sometimes I wish I would be blown away with the wind and be carried over the seas and back around ...... if men had wings there would be no need for angels ... 
Sometimes I wonder , will the paths I take ever bring me to the finish line . 
Some days are better than the others , sometimes are better than no times , and so on we live our lives on the sparrow of light . Cutting through the clouds , we fly to the havens and the Gods blessings , are ours forever ..... 
What is the deal people ...... 
hey guys come visit me at the Cold Fusion Gelato shop .... I will be there from 3:30 pm on .... so stop by and get some gelatin .... uhmm ... :-D 
working at the hop today . ... come visit me . ... from 3pm to 9pm .... I will be waiting . ... 
Yoga then Johnston , to finally get my plates , then the mall with @morriah Beck and if I am able to convince him Mr @ < PROPFIRST > blink < PROPMALE > will be coming too .... 
I need some love .... because right now my heart has none , it has dried by lies told to me .... 
I love < PROPFEMALE > 
I want , to say sorry for ever doubting you , wish you would give me a second < PROPMALE > . You know who you are ..... 
I need to cry because long has since I have shed a tear to emotions . My heart has stopped beating of love and now it lonly beats the faint beat of life ; life that once was there . All that is left to me now is the envy of the sky and it's that cries down its tears of life and rejuvenation . So I ask the Angels that guard us to not let me forget the joy of life ..... 
Happy .... I am hungry . ... 
It's a beautiful day outside the sun shines the birds sing happ 
Woke up in a depressing sad mood . I need to be alone away because right now I have every thing and I can't seem to be happy . ... help anyone ? 
Just woke up , let the games begin ..... 
May the tears of mother nature refresh our days and energies , may it revive our spirits ... with peace ! 
Anybody wanna do anything tonight I am free ..... 
Hi there every one come visit me at IHOP , we will be open till 2am tonight so come make me company . ... I will be waiting !! 
I am waiting for the corner turn in my life .... but before that can ever happen I have to accept who I am and not who people want me to be .... so here is the first real me , Hi ...... 
Good morning . ... kind of sad that I missed yoga today , I over slept through all my alarms .... sorry < PROPFEMALE > ... but I think I can survive with out my < PROPFEMALE > dosag 
Some times life has a funny way of telling us things , but it is so hard to extract the message out of all the chaos that one is put through in order to learn a lesson . Thus , knowing how to listen is a virtue , among all one of the most important . So listen to your surroundings and perhaps sooner than later you will find the answer and solutions to your questions and problems ... 
Still has not gone to sleep , soon though I will , hopefully get to enjoy < PROPFEMALE>'s bed . And then wake up get some stuff done and back to the hop at 3pm till 9pm ... so come visit me then .... 
never been so busy my life , does anybody know who needs a roommate I am looking for one .... 
I have a crush on lady gaga 
to all of you that know me , i can't find my phone so if you need to contact me come to ihop tonight I will be there until 12am , so dont think I am ignoring you .. k 
Coffee is on my mind 
Oh and I love you < PROPMALE > !!! Love Allison : ) 
Finally moving my stuff out .... homeless for a feel weeks till I find a place . .... but not concerned though . ... deep inside my heart I feel everything is gonna work out .... 
Off the grid emotionally withdrawn of energies . ... so nap for a couple hours , don't call or text me unless it is very important . ... 
Doing sudoku at mas if anybody is awake you should come visit me ..... 
Nothing better to replanish y our energies then seeing Lady GAGA front row 2 feet away from the stage ...... Best time of mylife ever .... 
Had So much fun Last Night thank you so much all of you that came to my B . Day Dinner ... and also thank you for all the birthday wishes you guys have < PROPFEMALE > posting ... thank you all .... with a lots of love and care ..... 
Had a good night at work . .... I will be going to the beach later on .... and Mister < PROPFIRST > Sanchez we need to talk about what you left me on the table . .... I need to pay you for that . ... 
let's do this .... smile to sun and say to the < PROPFEMALE > I am here to stay ... a change of clothes , thorns of a < PROPFEMALE > all the way and then dose ..... out .!!!!!!! 
the beginning of everything . ... 
Working the hop till 2am come visit me .... The cinniminions are calling you all .... 
I just wanted to say thank you all that are always there for me and thank you for putting up with my crazieness all around , I know I am far from perfect but I do love all of you in my own way , even though it may not show ..... So thank you for being my friends I love you all from all my heart .... 
Sooooooooooooooooooooo sorry everybody for whatever I said or did I am really sorry ..... 
If any body see this could they call < PROPFEMALE > or let her know of some form that I am awake and when ever she wakes up she can come pick me up ....... because my phone is in my car and she has my car ..... 
So one of my rear tires popped on the highway , on my way to Barnes and < PROPMALE > in fall river ... and comes to find out that fall river does not have any barnes and nobles ... so the shopping for tires has begun ... God help me .... 
My life is going down more and more every day .... I just can't catch a break 
The quieter I scream the greater the loneliness grows . ... 
Thank you God , for helping pull myself out of this latest obstacles ... and thank you friends that are always by my side .... I love you God and you friends . .. 
At the hop(IHOP ) from 5pm till 5am ... come visit . .. 
Hey people come visit me at the hop .... the cinniminions are calling for you .... come come .... 
anybody up for a movie tonight ? 
I new life was going to easy and to good to be true .... como eles dizem \Alegria de pobre dura pouco . \ " But like I once heard one step at a time . " 
Loves < PROPFEMALE > machado 
just got done with one of the most horrible nights of bar rush ever .... I don't have the < PROPFEMALE > for fickin people that that are entitled to service ..... if are one of these people go fuck your self .... 
I can't sleep . ... school starts today .... I am nervous and dead awake . .. 
Happy birthday miss < PROPFEMALE > .... grew . .. 
And < PROPFEMALE > Machado says ... \I have lines around my pubes . \"" 
I have just realized that I have no fashion .... I deal with fashion but I have none of it . Help anyone ... 
I need Help and An intervention ... 
I just had < PROPFEMALE > & Nut cheerios and peanut butter and jelly sandwich .... Uhmmm ... 
Just got done work , pathetic night if ask me , a bunch of Jersey people came and stiffed me , and to top it off all the Newport grand cheapskates came in . fml .... 
And Morriah says , \ I am gonna grab your sausage \ " ... I wonder ?! :-/ " 
Peanut butter and jelly club , a classic night snack ... anybody else wants to join .. 
I need to turn my self off from society and work on me .... 
And this to you all is facebook's dead hour ... creeeeeeeeeeppppppyyyyyyyy 
School soon then , back to the house get some rest and get on the rest of the homework .. fun .. fun .. fun ... some days I just wish I could have a clone .. life would be so much easier ... 
Going Treesmas Chree Shop .... wait the other way around ... lol .. getting some candles doing some groceries and then home bound and cleaning and maybe some dinner at home later , and my alarm keeps going off and I am about to break it ...... 
cleaning plus cleaning plus laundrying plus working plus plus plus plus but never a total .... 
Alright everyone , you guys have to come visit me at the hop ... all you can eat pancakes are back for a limited time , so u guys better hurry up ... 
Class and then cleaning out the car and the laundry and then the house and then work , by the way we have all you can eat pancakes so come over and see me for some delixious pancakes ... I will be there at 5pm 
i am wide awake and can not fall asleep ... I have comfy clothes on my bed is perfect and I cant fall asleep .... so I am catching up on house , and if anybody wanna stop by my house feel more than welcomed ... bring food though cause I am out of it , preferably vegan .. 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Machado .... Just saying ... :) 
I want to punch my < PROPMALE > teacher in the face ... why ? Because she doesn't teach at all instead she will talk about how she taught at RISD and how she rents her house to people , etc . I feel like saying to her , bitch if RISD was that good why aren't you still there , oh that's right you cant teach , and about you renting your house how about you st < PROPMALE > teaching perhaps they would raise you salary .... 
< PROPMALE > HomeWork completed , now we tackle HISTORY ...., why do I do this to myself only God knows ..... 
I am here and it is the morning so much to do today , I am gonna need the power of 5 hour energy to get me through .... 
With < PROPFIRST > Butler around the town ..... brown chicka brown cow ..... 
Cross my path , and I will bring you down , lie to me and I will torture you , betray me and and I will split your hart in two , mess with me and there will never be a you .... just saying 
Bon Jour , it is monday what a beautiful day , lets hope that we all have good days and that we can do the most and enjoy the most out of this day . 
Yoga this morning was the best , I am glad I can go again , very excited . If anybody is interested in starting yoga classes I would recommend this class . Every monday from 9- 10:30 am , $10 per class , really fun . Any questions leave me a comment .... 
Good morning Islanders , it is tuesday and the month is flying by , faster than a blink of an eye . Let's make this day the day , to start the changes in your life . Positive thinking everyone , to a good day and good rest of the week . May this day be blessed . 
I feel sick and I just want this day to be over ... 
Hello ! Hello , Islanders ! How's everyone doing this beautiful Wednesday morning ? Is everyone ready for another good day ? If you're not ; well get ready . XOXO 
So , if anybody tried calling me today and didn't hear a thing , I apologize . My phone is broken again , and I am getting a refurbished one again tomorrow , so hopefully it will work better ..... if you anybody with a good tmobile phone with android operating system for sale let me know ... 
Any body up for a movie tonight , I wanna go see either red or hereafter . ... call me or text me if you do ... 
Have been awake all night , finally watching the first season of true blood , and let me tell ya I got hooked on first episode and by the second I became addicted 
Hello hello Islanders ! Good morning to all on this beautiful foggy day , going to yoga soon and heading to savers for a scavenger hunt of suit jacket for my Halloween costume . Anyone that wants to join is more than welcomed . XOXO 
People come visit me at the hop ... I need company . .... 
BonJour BonJour Islanders ! It is 7:30 on the < PROPFEMALE > , and another marvelous tuesday has began . Let us rise early and therefore live more . Let us make this day the day . Live , Laugh , Love the rule of the 3 L's . So get up get moving , get shaking and get outside and breathe the air , refresh out lungs and replenish the energies for this new day . XOXO 
I am back . ... =] http://yfrog.com/c8r07sj 
I love < PROPFEMALE > her voice is just incredible and soooooo soothing .... calms anyone down ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Islanders how is everyone doing on this beautiful foggy Thursday day ? And for the fog , do you guys know what this means right ?! Halloween is knocking on our doors ... creepy . perhaps it is a sign to be spooky and and get your freaky selves ready for the festivities . may the monster mash begin booohahha !!! 
Sorryeveryone , I'm not extremely superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , ... will be without money . I cannot let that person be ... me . Copy within11 < PROPFEMALE > . I had to do it ... I couldn't help it 
I wanna kill < PROPMALE > right now ... and why is love so difficult , it is so hard to find it whether you're looking or not .... 
Hello hello Islanders , how is everyone doing this beautiful rainy Friday ? Let's set ourselves to make a change and make the day better , let us smile not only to others but to ourselves , bringing peace to our hearts and serenity to our souls . Let us elevate our splendour and reach for the driving force that moves us , by doing good and wishing and respecting our surroundings . XOXO with love . 
my feet are cold almost as if they had just been taken out of the fridge . Shivers shivers 
I wish I did not have a heart ... 
Because apparently I am not good enough . ... 
I need a vacation , I need to go into a sleep mode and wake up after the hurt is over 
Just lost 12hours of my night for basically nothing . ... 
The Book Of < PROPFEMALE > Project is into gear , first week of july 2011 here we come ... 
Just got home , alone once again ... tired of this routine , I need to change things up . Organize dirty laundry , homework , than a full fun day tomorrow I hope ate least . Any of my friends wanna grab a coffee after 1pm with me tomorrow so we can catch up on things , I need to talk , I in a mood to talk . Well if you do let me know ... 
just so you know i will prevail on this battle against myself . 
Poll to you all out there - Which one ? FIT(Fashion Institute of Technology ) or Parsons New School of Design ? 
Anybody up for a movie tonight ? If you are let me know asap . 
being up all night someone should talk to me kind of lonely right now ... please :D 
Out with < PROPFEMALE > and the kids and the kittens . ... fun 
Alright if anyone has any extra materials such as plastic flowers , crafty materials they don't want let me know . .. 
I am addicted to tweet deck .. best app ever ... 
BUSY BUSY BUSY BUSY BUSY BUSY BUSY BUSY BUSY BUSY BSUY BDUSYFHkfgjdklgnlkeglkwemrgtmweklrtjkewrjtlkjerjtklerjtkljerkljtlk ...... ahhhhhhhhhhhh 
It is funny how easy someone can just take all that you battled for with just a letter . One day though they will remember me , one day their world will fall and I will rise and have mercy and compassion . One day . 
Oh < PROPFIRST > you make my heart beat ... boom boom chica boom chica boom . .. 
Going down the road I saw a butterfly bird called < PROPMALE > the fly bird 
From time to time I think about the different things of life . . n 
I want take my heart out and crush it into so many pieces so it can never be put together again .... 
Auntie Mame is the best movie I have ever seen . ... I recommend everyone to watch it ..... 
Any body up for some Barnes therapy ? 
Someday I will reach the stars and then I will always be able to shine on you . .. 
Why are the good ones always taken ... it must mean I am not good enough . .. 
Can someone tell me why is it that life has so many obstacles . .. 
All that she wants is another baby ... 
How is it that bad things happen to people that try or wanna do good on Earth ?!?! 
I see day and night go by and my life stagnated at the middle of the tunnel . I don't wanna do this anymore I am tired I wanna end all ... 
Does anyone wanna do anything tonight around 730pm , coffee some Barnes therapy . .... 
I might have answers today of what my future may hold for me , but till then we sit tight and wait ... 
I can't find where on my heart am I exactly broken . I keep on searching and more I search my heart beats weaker and weaker . 
Just finished watching Into the Wild . It is a great movie but really sad at the end , never the less I would recommend to everyone . 
I am tired of < PROPMALE > and history homework I wanna kill someone .... don't step in my eye sight .. 
I am on the verge of a nervous break down because of this fucking < PROPMALE > teacher I wanna kill her . 
I have a history test next that I have not studied for . 
A lot to do today driving to Boston in the am and then work at 5pm ... so you all better come visit me .... 
Someone text me I need something to talk about .... really bored .... 
Anybody wanna do anything ? Barnes , coffee , take pictures talk or anything at all ....? Let me know comment or text me .. I'll be waiting . 
Calming the spirits before work .... 
Hi everyone ! Come visit me at IHOP , I will be here from 5pm till 12am .... I will wait . \ 
. 
Hello hello everyone 
Someone needs to shoot me now before I shoot myself , and do it fast and to the head . Please ! 
Hi everyone come visit me at IHOP tonight I will be here from 3pm till 4am . I really need some friendship love ...... 
Why do I always have to like the straight guys . And why the ones that like me are either to young or a piece of crap ...... 
I need a miracle ... before I do something stupid , that I will regret .... 
Good morning for all and good night for me . 
Alright I am ready to give up . Completely energy deprived . Unless by a miracle I am done and over . 
Come visit me friends I am in need of some love .... 
Someone text me please .... 
Oh < PROPFIRST > give me a kiss and let's call it a night .... 
You ate my heart and you ate my brains .... oh GaGa what would ido with out you .... love you < PROPFIRST > ... 
Alright everyone come visit me at IHOP tonight I will be there from 5pm til 12am so come on down !!! Any friendly love will be much appreciated I will be waiting ...... 
Oh < PROPFIRST > what am I gonna do about you ? Love is such a hard thing ! !! 
Way back from Boston ... than Newport to discuss some life's decisions ... 
Oh < PROPFIRST > ! Oh < PROPFIRST > ! You make my heart go boom boom chica boom chica chica boom chic .... I fell for you hard ... 
Oh < PROPFIRST > I don't know how to tell you this but I love you more and more ... 
I can't wait any longer . I have to tell < PROPFIRST > how I feel so I can move on and stop the pain of love . 
Who's < PROPFIRST > ? you ask me .. well < PROPFIRST > is a dream a illusion a fantasy but nevertheless a lovable one ... oh < PROPFIRST > what you did to me ?! 
Oh < PROPFIRST > , if only everyone was so lucky to have you ! You're smart , witty , and clever . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , how come hasn't anyone seen how beautiful of a person you are !?!? 
I am going home and decluttering my life , before I do something stupid ... 
I want to take my heart out , and destroy it because I got to a point in my life where nothing matters any more ! I need help please ! 
I am going to see burlesque @ 935 tonight . If anyone wanna come let me know or meet me at the island cinema 10 . 
0100100100100100100010000100011100101010 - FaCe Twiches ..... 
One day u will understand my actions . The last post for a very long while . Pleasure have met all you . Peace & love . 
I can't help but think about you ! I can't think because all I think is you ! I can't see because all I see is you ! I can't hear because all I hear is you ! I can't talk because all I talk about is you ! I can't live because all I live is for you ! I think it is save to say , \I love you ! \"" 
I keep dancing on my own ! The question is till when I am going to be dancing ?! 
\Fake it until you make it\ " - said the prophet ! " 
You should know better than to fuck with me ! 
So I thought , love could blind and see through the feelings and not just appearances , but I guess I was mistaken , for it sees what it wants , and seeks what it desires . One day perhaps the your open eye blindness will end and you will see the real love in front of your eyes .... 
How does end his constant quest for knowledge ? Only by freeing the mind you once thought it was free , and re-conquering the freedom you though you once had , only that can your longing be quenched and only then one will find true knowledge . 
What is life if not the conquer of death ! 
He knows < PROPFIRST > knows me ! He who knows < PROPFIRST > does not know me ! But what about < PROPFIRST > ? 
Sadly , I fell in love with you ! Sadly , once again I broke my own heart , for I was blind to see what was never there ! One day I hope that the stone inside my chest will once again return to beat to the waves of love and to the sound of lust ! One day ! 
It was once said that in order to live you must be alive , and in order to love you must have a heart ! What happens then when you don't soul , can your heart still beat ? 
So to all of you that know me and don't know what happen , I got into a car accident on this past tuesday , and right now I have a fractured ankle , 10 staples on my head and some bruises and scratches around my body . I okay , however you won't be seeing me around for a little while . just wanted to let you all know . 
< PROPFIRST > Dube , I need a cat-bus and I think you should get me one ! Just saying . 
So I had the same dream for the second time this past night and guess who was in it ? < PROPFIRST > ! It was not a good dream not because of him but because of the dream itself . 
When searching for lost souls , remember that yours has not been found yet ! 
You know they say when life gives you card you play the hand , but what happens when the hand you were dealt is blank and the suits are nothing but chicken scratch ? 
When all hope is lost and look forward and you see that the end of the tunnel is a < PROPMALE > , what do you do ? Well you turn around and start over , for it is winter and jumping of the < PROPMALE > then would be to cold and not fun at all ! 
Isso e pro brasileiros , se eu pular mais um centimetro meu nome < PROPFEMALE > que ser Saci-perere .... eu so presciso de um cachimbo e uma carapuca ... 
I wish life had a reset button ! Things would be so much easier ! 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to get better . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour ? rip grammy , love and miss you more than you know ! 
So , I am officially in search of a roommate , if anybody knows of somebody please leave me a comment . The rent is $450 everything included including cable and wi-fi , there is no laundry yet though . Let me know if any of know of anybody .... 
I am having love relapse ... what am I gonna do about you mister ... what am I gonna do ? 
Hi there everyone ! I am still looking for a roommate ! The rent is $450 with everything included including cable and wi-fi . If you know anyone please drop me a line here , asap . Thank you . 
I just realized I am life's bitch - Sad is it not ?! 
the snow storm covers more of the u.s. map than AT&T does . 
Fringe was the best tonight ! I have already started to count the days for the next episode , and I can't wait for it next week . 
I am have been listing to GodGa's new single all day long , it is on repeat on my Ipod .... so my count right now is like 10,000,000 to the 45 power ... 
I want ten cookies with a corn meal .... 
When all that is around me is darkness , I make my own light and I let it shine through the universe , and with it I send kindness , benevolence , humbleness , humility , mercy and love ; for those are the only treasures I possess and must be shared always ... 
Hello Hello Islanders , How are you all doing this beautiful < PROPFEMALE > morning ? I hope your days have started out on a good tone ! And here are all my best wishes for all of you out there , may the bliss from the skies fall upon all of you and your destine , and that on this day may the sun shine brightly enlighten your life . With care and love . XOXOXO . 
Doing laundry , 1800 style ..... 
Anyone up for something today , I really wanna something , I need some social contact .... 
Weverton Queiroz watch the language ! 
Bon Jour Bon Jour , my friends !!! I hope everyone is well and that this day may be blessed to all of you !!! with peace and love to everyone ! \ 
Bom < PROPFEMALE > Bom < PROPFEMALE > , meus amigos !!! Espero que todos estejam bem e que esse < PROPFEMALE > possa ser abencoado !!! Com < PROPFEMALE > e amor para todos !! 
Some one should come have lunch with me !!! I made stuffed red peppers , rice and broiled/baked potato chips .... 
It is hard to let love go , even when it is not corresponded !! I never thought that it would hurt like that and make me go crazy out of my mind ! One day I hope to have two way love , one day .... that is all I can hope for ! 
I am in < PROPMALE > pain right now .... I feel like my heart has been shredded to pieces ; but the saddest thing about it , is that it's my own fault , for I held false hopes and saw messages that were never there to begin with . Story of my life . 
I have tattoos , so I'm a trouble maker . I have curves , so I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry some times , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled . So what , go ahead and label me , i really don't care ... Re-post this if you're proud of who u are ... ? 
