wants to go to Vegas 

thanking < PROPFIRST > for being the DD tonight think the bal will be high until next week 
If you are able and want to get together to visit with < PROPFIRST > ( he snuck over for a visit from New York ) we will be at the Family Pancake House 23725 Hiway 99 Edmonds at 5:30 ish come one and all buy your own :) 
The get together is on Thursday Sept . 10th by the way sorry I have to sneak on the computer while working and I forgot that important part of the invite until i was doing lunch prep later :) 
Saddend by the loss of my cousin < PROPFEMALE > from this earth , but I bet she is so having a wonderful family reuion of her own in Heaven . Until we meet again < PROPFEMALE > ....... RIP :( 
GO SEAHAWKS !!! 
is praying for her son and his troops who are now somewhere in Iraq . 
No mailing address for < PROPFIRST > at this time however you can email him on facebook he might get it in a month or so thats all I know right now and all I will say . He is ARMY STRONG ! Thank you all for your thoughts and prays for our service men and women and their families . 
MERAPPY HOLIMAS ! 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory of you and me that pops into your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status . You'll be surprised what people remember about you :) 
Happy Chinese New Year ! Year of the TIGER . 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you ? 
There's a difference between giving up and letting go . letting go is sacrificing what was rightfully yours . Giving up is fighting what was never yours . 
Motto to live by : Have self respect . Never make someone your priority while allowing them to make you an option . 
steak 
Well , someone broke in to my car last night . How come they didnt set off the alarm I dont know because I set it off all the time . Anyways all they took was the loose change and a Elemerald City smoothie gift card . 
Sad that she missed < PROPFIRST > on FB by 30 < PROPFEMALE > . But at least I know he is Ok in Iraq . 
23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA and 17,000 in IL . NJ , FL , NC and NY are cutting teacher jobs and reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise and educate our kids get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers , copy and paste this into your status 
thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All i have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have someone in Heaven ? 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and ... this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding . 
Do not wait ! The time will never be ' just right ' . Start where you stand and work with whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along . \Napoleon Hill " 
\Women are angelsAnd when someone breaks our wings ..... We simply continue to fly .......... on a broomstick ... We're flexible like that .... \ " Thx T " 
\It's a beautiful day .... Don't let it get away ... \ " :) " 
2 < PROPMALE > 30 mins not a record but its a start -- for starting over . 
I love the telephone , you can talk to someone clear across the world , from places like Spain , Peru , Iraq ............... It's been a great day . 
Its the hardest job with the most rewards ! Happy Mothers Day to everyone ! 
Again 2 < PROPMALE > not sure on the time think I might have shaved off 1 < PROPFEMALE > making it 29 < PROPFEMALE > . Its a long story about why the time ?? but at least I did my 30 < PROPFEMALE > s wanted to stop at 10 ! 
worked legs yesterday it kicked in this afternoon stairs suck , however I still managed 2miles in 29min today no ??? about time today . off tomorrow 
2 < PROPMALE > done , thank goodness for zantax , cottonwood sucks . and I kept pulling the safety key ( 3 damn times ) so who knows what the time was . Bad run . but its done . goodnight :P 
Right now there's a police officer helping someone . A police officer is working the streets , day or night , to keep us safe . A police officer is missing their family while caring\ 
for yours . In the minute it took you to read this , police officers all over the world are saving lives . It's Police Officer Appreciation Week .... repost if you are a police officer , love a police officer or appreciate a police officer ! 
no ? ? u ??? ( ? s ? sod ?? o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ll ??? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ???? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ? ll ? n ??? ? s ? lspu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l ??? ¡ ? l ???? s ? osl ? ? nq spu ???? s ? no ? ? uno ? o ? p ? l ? ? luo ? ou ?? ? ? uo ? s ??? p sno ?? suo ? ? ? o ? lns ?? ? s ? ? s ? l pu ???? ?? uo ??? no ? ? o ? uo ...? l ? u ? s ????? ???? uo ?? u ???? ? u ??? d s ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
OMG ! Can my FAMILY just let my cousin rest in peace ! THIS IS NOT WHAT SHE WOULD WANT ! ENOUGH ALREADY !!! . Just my opinion . If you want to write snide and nasty things about people write them a message but dont make me have to read it if you cant do that then take me off your friends list I wont block you but I dont want to have to read it anymore . Have a wonderful day 
is experiencing Monday for the third time this week . C'mon Friday ! 
HE shoots , he scores ..................... GO BLACKHAWK'S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is starting support group meetings at my house for people with OCD . Gloves and cleaning fluid will be handed out at the front door . ;) 
Good Morning everyone !............. Let the Games begin ................. 
OK time to quit playing games and get serious about some things around here ...... not playing games anymore today ........................... done 
Way to go Blackhawks !!!!! I knew you could do it . 
I feel sorry for the people out there that hate the job they do !!! I don't mind getting up and enjoy going to work because of the PEOPLE I share my day with ! x 
has realized if stress burnt calories she would be a size zero ! 
manyof us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task foryou : I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get ... or lack thereof . This might just be interesting ... ;) 
To anyone who gets a \clickaholic\ " DO NOT DO IT ! I did not send it to anybody even though it says I did ... " 
' s guardian angel is on stress leave ... 
Happy Thoughts now has an air conditioner :) :) :) 
says to all her family out there ... I LOVE YOU ! 
Getting ready to get my butt kicked at the Gold's! I want to be cremated :) 
would like to know your favorite song lyric ... answers below ... Go ! 
says never let your heart take you where your gut tells you not to go . 
So happy her son is in town for a visit , and not in Iraq anymore . :) :) :) 
25 yrs ago the most amazing thing happened . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > were born !!!! \ 
I am truly blessed . 
There is a recall on some of Similac powder infant formulas FYI 
Lohan , 24 , gets her name & face all over the news because she went to jail . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linely , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > Johnson , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke , ... 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 , are all Marines that gave their lives this week .... NO MEDIA ATTENTION ... Honor them by reposting . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , Its been one year since you left your \temporary home\ " 
feels like she's at a crossroads with a train rushing towards her . Cant decide which way to go and if she doesn't decide soon the train is going to hurt . 
CHILDREN : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you\ 
crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , \ 
hunt you down like a bloodhound ... because I LOVE YOU ! When you\ 
understand that , I will know you are a responsible adult . You\ 
... will ... never ... find someone who loves you , cares about you , and\ 
...... worries about you more than me ! Copy and paste if you are a Mom ! 
\Life is like dirt on the carpet and you're the vacuum . You got to suck it up and move on . \"" 
If your Dad is or was your hero , your bestfriend or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to still have your Dad with you or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this onto your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly ! 
Who would think that running sprints in the backyard at 8:00 pm could be so mood lifting , so fun with a partner that pushes you to give it your all , i want to thank my new workout partner < PROPFEMALE > for being the bitch she is , she is hella fast !! 
< PROPFEMALE > is like duct tape , it fixes damn nearly everything . 
November 11th Remember ~ A Soldier is somewhere in the world tonightmissing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takesyou to read this , Military Members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your ............ freedom . ... Re-post if you wish to show that ... yo ... u appreciate ourTroops ? Remember Your minute's silence today ? 
Auburn Schools are closed tomorrow , and so is Happy Thoughts 
Happy Thanksgiving !!! I am so blessed and thankful to know everyone of you , each of you has made me smile at some point in my life , Thank you for being part of my happiness ! Now bring on the turkey and gravy !! :) 
Layin in bed , tryin to comprehend ;\ 
Where in this world do I fit in ;\ 
I act like everyone else , but that's just pretend ;\ 
Try to give my heart out and start all over again ;\ 
Thinking I deserve more , that's my original sin ;\ 
... A new life , that's what I want to began ; 
I raised an Army Soldier hooah ! 
Viral gastroenteritis is inflammation of the stomach and intestines caused by a virus . The infection can lead to diarrhea and vomiting . It is sometimes called the \stomach flu . \ " the virus . \ 
For those in the know Im home :) 
< PROPFEMALE > 
MY PARENTS WERE MEAN to me when I was a kid . They made me do chores , go to school . They gave me a curfew , suggested I get a job and work for the things that I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school , at my job & to take pride in my work . I fought but I grew up with morals , a good work ethic & respect for the law , and my elders . I thank God everyday for my parents . ( Copy and paste if you agree . ) 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this 
Good by farmville friends , good by cityville friends and and a very sad good by to my Zoo World animals :( I have chosen to leave you so I can spend more time with my real world friends , work on my real farm and play with my real lionhorse dog . \ 
Tired of wasting real time playing games I want a real life while I am able to do so . Times a wasting ....... 
valentines day is not just for showing love to your other half ... much love to my family , friends and most important much love to my beautiful kids xxxxxxxx 
Remember all through grade school saying this every morning to start the day ... I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States Of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands , one nation under God , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all !!! We no longer do that for fear of Offending Someone !!! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this & NOT Care about offending anyone ! 
< PROPFIRST > , Earth's people are a hateful species , BEAM ME UP ! 
Finally able to go back to the gym today , it was WONDERFUL ! 
It's BROTHER'S WEEK !!! If You Have A Brother Who Has Made You Laugh , Punched You , Stuck Up For You , Drove You Crazy , Annoyed You To No End , Hugged You , Watched You Succeed , Saw You Fail , Picked You Back Up , Cheered You On , Made You Strong , and Is Someone You Are Very Proud To Have In Your Life , Re-Post This To Your Status . 
I took a job knowing I would never get < PROPMALE > . I've missed out on many holidays and special occasions in order to protect lives . I am expected to lay down my life or take a life if necessary . It has been proven that my life expectancy is shorter than yours because of the stress I go through . And some think I'm not deserving of a pension or health care benefits ? Repost if you support your Armed Forces ?!!! 
Don't buy the new Pepsi can coming out with pictures of the Empire State building and The Pledge of Allegiance on them . Pepsi Left Out two little words on the pledge , \Under God\ " . Pepsi said they didn't want to offend anyone . So if we don't buy them they won't be offended when they don't receive our money that has the words \ " In God We Trust\ " on it . How fast can you re-post this " 
Blueberry 
I licked my brother on your car because im a ninja ! 
My Dr. appt was at 11 : 30 \ 
Its Now 12 : 23 and I still haven't seen the . dr. ... WTF 
