School Tuesday ... Not looking forward to it 

Super bored 
Lame 4 Hour dowload time for movie 
G4 is best at night 
lightning struck in my backyard , nice 
Just watched The Happening .... Freaky cause it could actually hapen to us o.O 
Is finally in Colorado , yay for lasting through 12 hours of driving 
I guess im jealous of me not being able to do facebook on my brothers psp . funny since i have a laptop which can do so much more then that hunk of junk 
Is going through a pile of cds for old music and is wondering why everyone plays mafia wars 
is finally doing something on his compr , first time in a week or so , went to texas roadhouse on friday , saw 4 people i know there , small small world 
Just met < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Hesa country music satr . I felt bad that i didnt know any of his songs . Still cool . Dads cousin is touring with him . She also is good friends with members of Theory of a Deadman . Man , i have an awesome family ! 
Boogi Boogi Hedgehog ! To Funny . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HK0l2tqFDvM 
First day of school is Thursday the 20th ... So long Summer , i hardely knew yea . 
Fridayyyyy hurryyyy ! 
Finished going through my Disturbed CD rearraning song names considering they got messed up somehow 
Yaaaaay , Sick Puppies ' new cd ^_^ 
Je vais aller à Approach ce soir , alors je vais regarder la télévision 
Listenin to Three Das Grace's new ... Well its not new considerng its been out for a week 
Revisiting the CD Lead Sails Paper Anchor by Atreyu . Whyd i stop listening to it ? haha 
Glad i have a new profile picture 
Yay ! new term ! ohh wait i only change one class >.> 
You silly English < PROPMALE > with your Kanigits ! Your mother was a hampster and your father smelt of elderberries ! I fart in your general direction ! 
Is being a Teen . On m comp , txting friends , listening to my favorite music , and waiting on something to finish dowloading ... Also wanna metion the fact i read a whole 300 < PROPFEMALE > book yesterday ... never been more concentrated on finished a book like that before 
Is getting mad at my computer for not doing the right thing at the right time 
Just got his drivers licence !!! whooo 
Wishing he had 9.99 in his iTunes accoutnt so i can get the mew atreyu CD =( 
went to best buy and got the new Atreyu CD =D 
Making dumplings for my sick sister ... Arnt i nice ? 
Fearing the worst for my computer as it is having charging issues again 
Run down on events today : 1 . Crash into car 2 . get lost going to church 3 . Talk about bringing a screamo band to church 4 . Get home and be bored for rest of day 
Bored outta my mind .... Txt me PLEASE ! 
* sigh * bored yet again . nothing boreing week of school ahead not looking forward to it 
@ field trips next week for school WHOO 
Once again listening to Atreyu's new cd 
Dont have my phone :( this is gonna be a sad weekend 
Has 13 friend online Whoo ! haha 
eating some of the best chips ive ever had 
Got a new phone yaayy 
Job Shadowing tommarrw , dont know what to expect , lets hope for the best 
Talking to my friend on the phone a they shop , right now shopping sounds fun compared to what im doing 
So , tuesday were supposed to get 6-12 inches of snow with whitout conditions ... Anyone else excited for the first snow day ? =D 
A POWERFUL WINTER STORM WILL AFFECT THE REGION TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY . THIS SYSTEM WILL PRODUCE 6 TO 12 INCHES OF SNOW WITH LOCALLY HIGHER AMOUNTS POSSIBLE ACROSS MUCH OF THE AREA BY WEDNESDAY NIGHT . THUNDER-SNOW MAY OCCUR TUESDAY NIGHT ALONG WITH VERY HEAVY SNOWFALL RATES OF 1 TO 2 INCHES AN HOUR . WHITEOUT CONDITIONS CAN BE EXPECTED AT TIMES . TRAVEL WILL BECOME DIFFICULT ... IF NOT IMPOSSIBLE . 
SNOOOOOOWWWWWW DDAAAAAAYYYY 
I am drowning in a digital sea ; I’m slipping beneath the sound . Here my voice goes , to ones and zeros , I’m slipping beneath the sound . 
Headache + soar throat + Broken heater = Long night 
Playing some Bloon Tower Defence 
Round 80 = Mind Grenade 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . First one to say it on your friends list 
Sadly , Today , The amazing drummer for a7x died . R.I.P 
Watching the MLG < PROPMALE > Tourney for WoW , People got skillz , Wishing i had the 10$ for the HD stream 
Bored out of my mind , just waiting for the day to end so i can go to sleep 
Been about a week and a half but i finally got to talk to mah best friend , how lame is it that her phone got taken away cause she got a B , yes a B , on her report card , found out she has 3rd block french , i know where ima headed after third block tommarrow =P 
Word of the Day : Bromigo 
Saints win .. SUCK IT MANNING ! 
Great Turn out for our fundraiser tonight . My job , Making a dibetic friendly dessert called Lemon Cream Cake ... Of Love 
Just got a perfect on a song thats been giving me trouble for the past few months on TTR 2 . Yay me 
It's been a little over a year today that i met one of my best friends in an ... Unorthidox way to say the least . Its funny how one joke can open you up to someone and their life . I wouldnt change a thing abot how we met and how we will live out our lives as friends =) 
Finally i can watch SNL again . The olympics should not overrun my comedy on saturdays 
Eat it Yoshi ! 
To catch a predator is possibly the funniest show on TV , In a weird way . < PROPFIRST > Matthews could get anyone to sit in any chair 
Don't know how , But alls i know is that im on the recievg end of a 10k scholarship to New england culinary institute 
Happy Mother's day to all you mms out there , and a quick happy birthday to all my friends who had their birthdays this weekend , couldnt keep up with all of them =D 
Just moved most of the things out of the basement , by this time next week ill have a second home in a second state 
Ended up lighting a firework and having it launch right into my cousins chest , thank god for zippity do das 
Had a cinderblock fall on my foot , not broken but swelled up to look like a baseball was inside it . swelling has gone down to make it look like my foot is just unproportional to my body . Stupid fat foot 
First broken bone , Getting a cast on my foot on wednsday , not thrilled about scratching my foot with a spoon >.< 
I has boot 
Woke up at 5 , Watched the remainder of Adult Swim ( Thank you 2 Cartoon network channels ) Made breakfast , and now I'm watching Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares and listening to Pendulum's new single , Watercolour , all while waiting to go to an x-ray for my broken foot . Busy ? Ha , no 
Woke up from the storm and now I can't get back to sleep . Screw you mother nature 
Now , i know what your thinking , But < PROPFIRST > !! Es no Possibles ! 
But < PROPFIRST > !!! Es no possible !! 
The russian police are stern ... Stern but fair 
I has contacts ! 
Love how old cartoons dont care what were in them . Just witnessed < PROPFIRST > get wasted in < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > . Ahh the good old days 
Go suck a railroad spike , I haven't got any money 
7-4 ... Cursed grammar . 
I just lost The Game 
She let me wear my chain and my turtle neck sweater 
\Look you stupid bastard you've got no arms . \ " \ " ... Tis but a flesh wound . \"" 
WAPA-CHANG !! 
Wake up Check . Shower Check . Go Start My Car ? Time to check for 2 new windows >.> 
jst spent 30 minutes vaccuming broken glass out of my car ... GG rock ... GG 
Just realized I have VERY long fingers 
\Bass Kicking Out The Trunk Like I Kidnapped < PROPMALE > Lee \"" 
Word of the day ... Gutterslut ! 
and Green Bay Wins 
40 pacers .... beats last times score of 32 WOOOOOO 
mmmmmmm oranges 
