Social experiment : If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised with what people remember about you 

is worried about her health . 
Is wondering if the hotel she booked for the New York trip in October was such a good deal and if she should make other arrangements . 
just enjoying my birthday ! 
Just enjoying the sights and sounds of New York City . 
Getting ready for the trip home . It's been a blast here in the Big Apple but it's time to head home before the kittens stage a revolt . 
Home ... safe and sound . You never know how good ( or bad ) your bed feels till you've been gone from it a while . I missed my bed . And my kittens . 
What to cook for Thanksgiving ... other than the Turkey of course !! 
Going on a date with my husband tonight . We're going to see the movie Paranormal Activity and have dinner . 
Just thinking about all the stuff to get ready for the big feast day . I'm cooking Turkey and most of the trimmings for 8 people . I do it every year and have fun every time but it's still a big task and I never want to disappoint so ..... I plan and list and fret . 
Glad it's the weekend and ready to shop for Thanksgiving . 
ONE WEEK TO THANKSGIVING !!!!! 
Can't stand this pollen !!!!!!!! 
So happy it's the weekend . Work was a total pain this past week . 
Sad the weekend is over but happy with the way the gardening worked out . 
Sadness and grief at the loss of my Uncle < PROPMALE > . He is already greatly missed . 
Other than a small headache ? Just wanting to get home , relax and play some ratchet and clank . 
Wishing I was bowling with friends instead of doing the work I have to . 
Home remodel .... that elusive dream ..... 
Did Friday just slow down on purpose ? Geeze , where is that weekend when you need it ? 
gah ... I hate being sick . 
Still sick and miserable ... 
OMG ! I swear time has slowed down . 
This has been one of the laziest weekends ever . Other than the birthday party for my fabulous mother in law on Saturday ..... I haven't done a darn productive thing . 
Despite that this has been a three day work week for me ... a rarity ..... it has felt longer each day than normal . I'm just happy it's Friday and I can crash when I get home . 
I am so excited for the arbors my in laws are helping us put up in place of our gates to our backyard ! Pictures to come ! 
When oh when will budget madness end ?! 
Hanging out and enjoying time with family 
Thanks to everyone's Happy Birthday wishes ! 
I hate feeling sick . Even more , I hate feeling like I'm going to get sick . I've been \under the weather\ " for 3 days now . " 
So my hubby suprised me yesterday with a birthday party . Good friends , good food , tons of fun . I married an awesome man ! 
I'm so looking forward to the holidays . I love this time of year . 
Finally ... the crisp cold air of fall is here ! Our Summer was too long and too hot . 
Back to the daily grind . It doesn't seem entirely fair to be trapped in doors updating spreadsheets when the day out side is so beautiful . 
Our Halloween Party was so fun .. I wonder if we should host a Christmas Party as well ?! 
No Christmas party this year . Callaway Gardens Fantasy in Lights with family won out ! But I get to spend some quality time with my niece and nephew . 
Well , Thanksgiving is over and now it's the slippery slide down the treacherous traffic hill toward Christmas . Time to start shoppin'! 
And the craze to order presents and get them delivered in time starts . I tell myself every year that I'll start shopping sooner ..... I guess I'll never listen . 
Isn't it a wonderful feeling when presents you've ordered start shipping/arriving ? One of my favorite parts of the holiday's is wrapping the presents . 
It may not be sticking to much but darn it ... IT'S SNOWING IN GA !!!!! Wooo Hooo !! 
8 Days ' till Christmas !!!!! 
7 .....!!!!!! 
Is it really only 4 days till Christmas ?? 
I want to wish everyone Happy Holidays and a fantastic New Year !! 
Happy New Year to All !!! 
