Just thinking about how I work too much and I don't get paid enough for it lol . 

has the day off and will probably spend the day cleaning the house cause I've been a slacker for a week lol . 
Yet another day of work . 
Yea ! for not having to work tomorrow 
being sick sucks , left work early and now its time to sleep . 
Still sick , but atleast I have the day off to sleep . 
I'm off to my courtdate . Wish me luck . 
The day was long , but it is over now . And then comes tomorrow , which will be better than today . 
Yea ! Last day off work then two days off . Maybe I'll lay around the house and do nothing ; I doubt though . I'll probably end up cleaning lol . 
Its so nice to sleep in past 8 am . I actually get to have my lazy day . Its about damn time lol . 
off to work ... its my last day before my two days off . 
off to christmas shop ... ohh boy 
its gonna be a long work week . just found out today that i'm going be working 8 days straight . damn 
working 11-7 today , maybe I can leave early ... lol 
tomorrow is my last day of work , then two days off yea !!! 
well I have my car now . I just have to fix the water pump and I will be set . 
My boyfriends family loves me : ) 
off to work ... 
going to bed cause i'm old 
yea for having tomorrow off :) 
going in to work on my day off . God I need a life . lol 
I'm not doing anything today . For once I am going to enjoy my day off lol . 
off to work , then another day off 
Yea ! I get to spend my day off tomorrow at the BMV . Everything will be better after its all done though . 
taking a nap . work kicked my ass . 
Insomnia Sucks Ass . I'm just saying . 
I love it when life goes easy . 
Work has been going alittle bit better . But it is still nice to have the day off . 
Holy Pirated Music Batman 
God I need to take new pictures . 
is trying to figure out what to do on her day off besides clean the house . 
<------ doesn't like being a day person . 
I hope I dont have to dig the car out this morning before I go to work . 
Yea ! for ordering a pizza . It's the simple things in life I tell you . lol 
Did nothing but laundry and baked cookies my first day off . I have to do something today besides clean the house before I go back to work tomorrow . 
I will have my car in two weeks . I'm so excited . Went to go see it yesterday . lol another nissan , irony . 
so tired , work is really wearing me out lately : ( 
just got up from a nap . worst work day ever lol . 
Today Is Going To Be Better Than Yesterday . 
yea for pizza and beer 
Today Is The Day For Healing 
First day to relax in I don't even remember how long . No work , no obligations , and loads of snow outside so no leaving the house . Yoga and meditation sounds like a great idea . 
<--- is a proud owner of yet another nissan . It's offical cause it's in my driveway . Yea !!! 
fun night at the bar . gonna go eat some ramen lol . 
stomach flu ... yea . Had to leave work early to sleep it off . i hope .... 
Best Day Ever : A promotion and passing my driver's test with no practice . 
Day Off = random shopping , tanning , and reading in the park . 
off to work . today better be an easy day lol . 
is having a issue . Even with all that is going on at work and home at the moment ; I still have ( unfortunately ) found time to think about unnecessary things and people from the past that I still haven't let go of . I'm having a big problem finding a way to channel the energy into something else . I'm just getting overwhelmed . This should be interesting . 
Off to work . I hope it is an uneventful day lol . 
A day off from work . I am gonna get some stuff done around the house . And < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends . 
Death To The BMV . 
Today is a new day and I will not let yesterday bother me anymore . lol 
Since it's supposed to be 80 degrees today . I might just go down to the lake for a couple hours and < PROPFIRST > out ; maybe take some pictures . 
All and all yesterday was a great day . Went to the lake , took some pictures ; had a couple friends over , had some beers ; had a fire . Pretty decent birthday if I don't say myself . To the people who came over and made the day fun : Thank you . 
Off to work ( to what I hope is an uneventful day ) . Yesterday was alittle rough . 
Off to work . Good news I have tomorrow off . The last couple days have been busy so it will be nice to just sit around the house and do nothing . 
One more day , then a day off . TODAY IS GOING TO BE A GOOD DAY . DANG IT lol 
So tired of feeling unwanted and unattractive . 
Shitty ending to what started to be a perfect day . The story of my life . 
Ebay is the devil ....... not really , it is just my new addiction . 
Yea :) My house smells like dirty hippies . I kinda missed that smell lol . 
Facebook is the devil . 
Off to bed . I plan on having a great day at work tomorrow so it will be fun . 
Early day at work . Hopefully I'll get some much needed cleaning done . Have tomorrow off though yea ! 
Have to nap . so tired . I feel so old some days lol . 
Off to work . Weird shift 3-11 . 
So tired . Didnt fall asleep till like 1 . and back off to work I go lol . I need a cot in the backroom I'm just saying . 
Quote Of The Day : Are you ready for the Yellow Man ? 
Great night at work . Got to finish this beer and go to bed so I can get some sleep for tomorrow . Stupid facebook ... the ultimate procrastination tool . 
ehh .... time to make the donuts . 
Off to what I expect will be a good day at work . 
Going out to the bar tonight for some patio beers lol . 
The day is now over . And I can get on with what I was doing . 
Off to bed . Getting tired . But tomorrow will be uneventful so maybe I'll lay around eat and sleep all day . 
Always be yourself and you will have nothing to hide . 
Kinda bored , looking for something to get into . 
Wasting time till I go into work . Not enough time to get anything done but way too early to go in . 
I really should be going to bed but I can't seem to get tired enough . Ohh well . 
Off to work . At least theres air conditioning in the building .... It's hot . 
I plan on going to work 11-5 and then coming home and passing the f *** out . I'm so tired after the past couple days I'm getting slap happy . It's all good though ; it's been fun . 
I swear to god if one more person calls me naive or gullible I'm punching them in the face . All are warned . 
All and all today has been a good day and I have no complaints . I have lots of stuff I have to do tomorrow so it's off to bed . Night FB P.S. It is mayonnaise not mayo , just sayin 
So hot it's way passed sticky . 
Bay fireworks were slightly depressing but ohh well . I'm sure I will be regretting those so called onion rings tomorrow lol it sounded like a good idea at the time . 
Going down to the Tall Ships Festival . Truely going to enjoy my day off . 
Kinda just sitting around the house watching the wild kingdom , which is my backyard lol . 
Everything that happens in our lives provides an opportunity to grow in some way . 
As soon as life starts getting normal again everything seems to want to change . Convenient timing lol 
Your The Best 
Today is a new day . 
Things are starting to get back to normal again . I love it when my life is boring and uneventful ; things are so much simpler at that point . 
Back on the map and I plan on staying there lol . 
The last two days have been awesome . And I only expect it to get better . 
Another great start to the work week . 
Is on the hunt ... 
Today will be better than yesterday . It has to be I will not except anything less . 
Yea ! for my friday . I took a nap at 5pm yesterday and woke up 20 minutes ago lol . Must've been tired . I don't know ; I got nothin :) 
Work week is off to a good start . just keep it up till Friday lol . 
Working 11-7 . Today will be a good day . Not looking forward to coming home to an empty house though ... 
People keep telling me things have to get worse before they get better . But when are they going to get better ???? 
Back to work today . I only have a six hour day ; it should fly by . 
Worked at < PROPMALE > River for lunch . It could've been worse but not by much . But I did have fun ; when I wasn't holy stressed out . Props to you < PROPMALE > , you're more patient then I am . 
I've never meant it more .... TGIF 
Class was fun ; now I go back to the real world . lol 
I really hope I don't have to cry tomorrow ...... lol 
I don't know when it happened and why exactly , but I just realized that I like and enjoy my job . Weird ... I know . I'll be sure to not investigate this to far and just ride the wave . 
Holy day from hell . I'm gonna go to bed and forget everything that had to do with today . 
I'm gonna start migrating for the winter .... 
Yet another day has came and went . All I have to say is what goes around comes around . And I will just wait for < PROPFEMALE > to pull through for me . It always does ... 
Today really sucked . But I'm going to bed now and everything will be better when I wake up . I have the next two days off . So if anybody wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ... you have my number . 
Longest work day ever .... and i have to be back in 6 hours . Damn sick people . 
