It's nice to sit on your roof for an hour or two with a glass of rootbeer and you computer playing music 

why would you eat fruit out of a bowl when you can eat it out of a saucer ? 
it would make things easer if people just accepted that they are small and grew some 
wondering what to do over the week end 
is the glass half empty or half full ? 
I don't think I will ever fully understand some people 
My brother has been crying for 4 hr and almost refused to eat for three days \ 
Someone SAVE ME 
why is there no such thing as a 15 or 19 ounce bottle 
I'm going to a beach house this weekend 
being sick is no fun 
well I was going to say that I got a 99% on a 7 < PROPFEMALE > math exam but I don't think I will 
I cant wait until the weekend . Then I get to go to the beach . 
YES THE WEEKEND IS HERE !!! \ 
AND ONLY 7 MORE DAYS OF SCHOOL 
watching my dad get sprayed with a hose is funny 
I'm so disappointed that a monkey didn't throw poo at me today 
last night I had a dream that had 3 plot lines 
watching Southpark with my dad is a little awkward 
getting ready for church in 15 < PROPFEMALE > after having only 6 hours of sleep is not all its cracked up to be 
going home , eating 4 bowls of cearal , and memorizing 36 words in 40 min ... \ 
FUN ! 
wouldn’t it be awkward if you had a dream about asking a someone out and then the next day at school you thought you really had 
finals are tomorrow I don't have to study for them :) 
SCHOOL IS OVER !!!! 
13 hr of sleep last nght 
I got a hair cut , It's ok 
Last night I had a dream where I created this floating space station that from the out side looked like just a pile of junk covered in flashing lights but on the inside it looked like a modernized < PROPFEMALE > trek ship . The crew of my station was of people from my school who I have rarely if ever talked to . 
the day after tomorrow I for 2 weeks in the south 
I'm trying not to complain but it is SO HOT OUT HERE . Other than that this resort I'm at is Great !!! 
get up at 11 , swim is a cool pool during the heat of the day , watch the world cup , catch a rabbit , play some croquet , play some badminton , watch golf , wake up in the morning and shoot some skeet , THIS IS THE LIFE !!! 
Quote of the day :\ 
Gee ( Grandfather ): how was your trip\ 
Grandmom ( Grandmother ): on our way here went through a town that had been hit by a tornado\ 
< PROPFIRST > ( younger brother ): wait , there was ? When did this happen ? \ 
( he wasn't asleep durring any part of the drive ) 
just 2 more days until freedom !!! 
I'm back ... but I just found out I have to go up to the Gorge for the next 2 days . Makes me so ANGRY !!! 
oooooooo ahhhhhhh Fire works ! 
just finished watching a retarded mosquito sit on a door for an hour right next to a very large spider on a very small web ( the mosquito is not caught in the web ) 
WHY IS IT SO HOT ?! 
I need to get more sleep 
I gave my cat a shower today ... it was funny/scary/weird 
I'm back from camp 
I just stayed awake for 3 days straight 
Is it time for school again ? darn ! it sneak up on you , like cheerios :( 
The basket ball coach anounced to the team that they need to convince me to play , then he asked some of the upper classmen to come up and talk to me about it , and now he wants to have a one on one talk with me . LOL !!! 
I passed my permit test ! 
today I got to hold the equivalent of 5.666 low quality dead babies 
