is totally psyched about playing Secret of < PROPFEMALE > with her little brother . Yeah , that's right , Secret of < PROPFEMALE > , for the SUPER NINTENDO YEAH !!! 

you know you're not a kid anymore when you're going to bed and , seeing your purse on the floor right beside your bed you think , \what if there's a monster under my bed and he steals my purse ? \"" 
Does anyone know when < PROPFIRST > Leno is coming back on the air ? 
Why do packages of socks come in resealable bags ? 
Monday , September 14 , 10PM , NBC , < PROPFIRST > Leno I'm so there 
Is trying to figure out how to add lots of photos at once and put them in an album 
is starting to think facebook should just be renamed farmville . 
Kanye West here on the < PROPFIRST > Leno Show to let you know that Beyonce had one of the best videos of all time 
I wonder why so many people use the term \weary\ " when they're talking about being suspicious or cautious of something . I think they're thinking of \ " leery\ " and \ " wary\ " at the same time . " 
Gotta kill some ganados before bedtime . 
Watching horror movies alone at night : great idea or greatest idea ? 
They're coming to get you < PROPFEMALE > .... 
hopes we never have more answers than questions . Unless it involves emergencies or crime cases . 
My cat is a ninja . 
I just realized/accepted the fact that I really DIDN'T know everything when I was a teenager . 
is never giving her cats sardines again . Who knew such a little can could hold so much stench ?! 
Everyone wave your hands in the air like you do care . 
can't stop listening to Poker Face by Lady GaGa . P-P-P-Poker face P-P-Poker face ! 
One of my new favorite past times is asking my magic 8 ball deep , philosophical questions . Q : Is there a meaning to life ? A : SIGNS POINT TO YES . 
Always , always wear a face mask when using spray paint . Swollen , bloody sinuses are a miserable experience . How can people breathe this stuff as a hobby ? On the plus side , my puzzle table is a lovely blue now . 
is tempted by the dark side . No Farmville , I don't need you ! Why do you continue to tempt me so with your lost ugly ducklings and little black sheep ? 
Lyrae has a bowl of fresh tapwater available at all times , yet she still drinks from the fish bowl . 
I wish I had a snuggie ... 
Lyrae has been gazing intently into Little Red's fish bowl for over 20 minutes . What is she expecting to happen ? 
Rain Man is such an awesome movie . 
struggles daily against her grammar nazi tendencies . 
Norm Macdonald was on the Tonight Show tonight . Some will say \Oh that's just the way he is\ " but I seriously wondered if he was drunk . He makes Conan look like the guy from the Dos Equis commercials . Great stuff . " 
Why do familiar roads look so strange after driving unfamiliar roads ? 
did not realize putting on nail polish was such an intricate process . 
I keep losing my coopans . 
Almost got my eye drilled out today .... 
I found this warning in the instruction booklet for my new phone : \Never place your phone in a microwave oven as it will cause the battery to explode . \ " Really ? Really ?! " 
Sigourney Weaver is gonna be on the Daily Show tonight . I think I'm gonna cry with excitement . 
These climate summits remind me of the discussion my friends and I have whenever we want to go do something : We should go do something tonight ! Yeah , we should ! What do you want to do ? I dunno , what do you want to do ? I dunno , you decide . Well , let me call everyone else and see if they have any ideas . Ok call me back later and we'll figure something out . 
Call me a scrooge , but I'd have to say Christmas is my least favorite holiday . There's so much pressure to have everything perfect . The perfect gift , the perfect card , the perfect tree , the perfect attitude . I think I like Fourth of July the best . Grilling and fireworks , yeah < PROPMALE > . 
Avatar was everything I dreamed it would be and more .... 
is disenchanted with seventh generation consoles . 
Am I the only person who thinks batteries are an awesome gift ? 
Heading down to Tryon for a few days . Au revoir . 
DAMMIT ! I was finally able to get in and out of my driveway and now this ! 
My New Year's resolution is to time travel exactly one year into the future . It may take me all year to do it , but I'll do my best . 
Searching for the green alien calf . 
I understand now why some people voluntarily put themselves through great hardships . It is so that when the time comes for them to involuntarily go through hardship , they'll know they can handle it with confidence . 
One of the fine youtubers I subscribe to lost a client recently because they saw some of his videos and realized he was an atheist . Can you imagine what would have happened if it had been for being Jewish , Christian , Muslim , etc .? A massive shitstorm , that's what . 
calculated that if I read one book on my reading list per week starting now I won't finish until March of 2011 , assuming I don't add any more books to the list . 
Just got done playing \Flower\ " for the PS3 . Have to say I enjoyed it thoroughly . " 
This year I am growing Morning Glories , Convolvulus , Cosmos , Pansies , Tomatoes , and Habanero Perppers . 
Even now , 5 years after I finished my last chemistry course , I still read \cation\ " every time I see the word \ " caution \"." 
If the earth starts spinning faster , will we all start getting lighter ? Or if it spins slower , will we all get a little heavier ? 
Rockin it to the Secret of < PROPFEMALE > OST . If anyone wants to come over and play , let me know . 
I wish I had a bunch of little greenhouses ( or one big one that could be partitioned into unique individual climates ) so I could grow lots of wonderful plants and not worry about getting dirt , water , and the resulting mud , everywhere . They say \Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life . \ " I would love to have a job in a botanical garden . " 
So tired and hungry , but my first online co op headset gaming session was so worth it ! 
Shortening is surprisingly easy to burn , and entirely too flammable . 
I think I'd rate my corn bread a C : taste is B , but presentation is D . Actually , I think if I was on a cooking show my presentation would probably get an F , because the bottoms stuck to the pan , but none of it was burned and all of it is tasty . 
Soft < PROPFEMALE > , warm < PROPFEMALE > Little ball of fur ... happy < PROPFEMALE > , sleepy < PROPFEMALE > purr , purr , purr 
I'm not all that into pot , but stumbled upon a few quotes that they didn't teach me in history class or when discussing drugs in health and wellness : 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
I used to laugh at all the people who would run out to the grocery store every time we got a few flurries . But running out of milk and not being able to get out is snow fun ... 
There is definitely something large residing in the crawl space beneath my room . 
I've been summoned for jury duty . I hope they don't use the Chewbacca Defense . 
< PROPMALE > Gylenhall = < PROPMALE > of Persia . I'm not sure how I feel about that o_O 
If you travel back in time to prevent yourself from existing , then you won't exist to travel back in time to prevent your existence . 
The way someone wears their hair can make a huge difference , so I'm wondering , does anyone have any ideas on how I should style mine ? 
I don't know if I've ever felt more inspired in my entire life . 
Farmville gave me a locked box . It's < PROPFEMALE > and shiny . However , to open it up I need to give them my email address so they can email me the passcode . What a dirty trick . FUCK YOU FARMVILLE !!! 
Ah , Muse , where have you been all my life ? 
I fail at using 30 year old vacuum/rug shampooers . Honestly the worst smell I've ever smelt in my whole life . So unforgettably horrible I remember vividly the one and only time it's happened before , 20 years ago , with the same device . 
Rain is just as important a part of spring as the warm sunshine . Remember , all the plants will need this rain for all the growing they have to do ! 
Too excited to sleep 
Beat FF XIII . Really liked it , but I thought that last area was gonna go on FOREVER ! 
I wonder how the scholarship market is for people who want to go back to college to pursue a second , completely unrelated degree ? 
I just found a Canadian < PROPFEMALE > while scroogily counting my change . I wonder if I should keep it or sort it out with the rest of my pennies since no one can really tell the difference except CoinStar . 
I think I'm digressing in maturity as I grow older . Srsly , fart jokes and unfortunate names are so much funnier now than when I was in elementary school . 
Of all the things we lost in the fire , it's the worthless little trinkets I miss the most . 
I bought a blender so I can make smoothies . Anyone got any good recipes ? 
I think The Hangover was an excellent movie . 
Perhaps we'll dine on HAM AND JAMMY ! If we can't find a LILLIPOP !!! >:) 
People say you're not supposed to pick up hitchhikers , but I do , I can't help it . Not only do you make their day , they also help you gain a new perspective on your own life . 
What are tuppins ? And why should I feed them to birds ? 
I wish I could have magical wings . They would have to be magical because the human body is simply not designed to be airborn , no matter how big you make the wings . 
I'm sure most people writing articles about Eyjafjallajokull are making good use of their copy and paste function . 
Wireless router : one of the best investments I've ever made . 
< PROPMALE > Zoolander : A Model , Idiot 
I don't know if I want to see < PROPFIRST > Crowe as < PROPFIRST > Hood . For me , Westley is the only < PROPFIRST > Hood . 
Whatever happened to Earthworm < PROPMALE > ? That was one of the funnest games ever . 
Heading down to Texas for a few days . 
Finally back from Texas , but too tired to think . 
What is love ? 
Must not go back to farmville , aren't addictions supposed to subside a bit when you've been abstaining for a while ? 
Is a person's ability to distinguish between homophones such as \your\ " and \ " you're\ " indicative of their intelligence ? " 
My collection of makeup continues to grow and , like a hermit crab , must continually seek out a larger abode . 
I wish I could go around killing monsters for money . 
You know you're sick with a cold when V8 juice tastes pretty good . I've had the cans of the stuff for about a year now so I thought , what the heck ? They're the only decent source of vitamin C in the house . On a related note , cans of V8 juice have a very long shelf life . The cans I've had forever still won't expire til May of next year :) 
Finally figured out that riddle about the hotel and the missing dollar . 
We dream of one day colonizing Mars , but first we should try the bottom of the ocean . It's much more hospitable and closer . Until we can withstand the harshest environments on our own planet we can't ever expect to survive on another . 
Just waiting til Lady Gaga puts out a show or a video using Jedi light sabers as \disco sticks \"." 
If I had telekinesis , all I would probably do with it is reach things on the top shelf . 
If wishes were dishwashers , I would have a dishwasher . 
Discovering < PROPFIRST > McFerrin . 
I'm beginning to be annoyed with the \young folks\ " . By the time I'm 30 I'm gonna be down right crochety . " 
I just downed 3 cans of v8 juice without even thinking about it . I guess it's better than soda , health-wise , but there is definitely such thing as too much of a good thing . 
Ran out of rug shampoo before the rug ran out of dirt :( 
anyone know anything good coming on tv tonight ? ppl always recommend things , and then I forget , so i need some reminders 
I'm realizing that I never caught on to drinking coffee when I was younger because , after sampling different kinds of coffee , I now believe the stuff my parents drank is cut with powdered s *** . 
The gold paint on my MHC mug is real , as I found out when I went to reheat my mug of coffee . 
I wonder how \The Fly\ " would have turned out if < PROPMALE > Goldblum had been combined with any of the other billions of life forms in the machine with him ? " 
Why were so many people who have knowledge of their past lives previously very famous people ? 
I wonder what would happen if we had a naked parade . Thousands of people marching for their right to enjoy the comfort of nudity anywhere . 
One day someone came across a barrel of monkeys and said , \This ... THIS is the standard to which all fun should be compared to ! \"" 
If you say you're coming over and bringing company and then never show up that's very rude ! RUDE ! Boo ! 
I never understood what the point of pointing people on Facebook was , and why do they even still have the function ? 
Does anyone know a place where they're still selling 2010 calendars ? 
Jeez people , it's just the color of a phone . 
I would like to go to a parallel universe in which Firefly wasn't cancelled . 
Ah , great workout today . Sore muscles are a good feeling . 
Excited about Final Fantasy XIV , but after being let down time and time again but Square Enix , part of me just wants to avoid it out of principle . 
Every time I see a Smart Car I can't help but point and laugh , but I still want one . 
I bet < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s \IT\ " was responsible for ending the careers of hundreds of clowns . " 
I have a load of laundry to do . Actually , it's more like 5 or 6 loads . 
So fresh and so clean clean 
Mmmm , tonight's culinary treat is a serving of fish sticks , served extra extra crispy , and flambeyed , and .... ok , so I burned the everloving bejeezus out of them . Luckily they come in bags of five thousand , so I'll just try again . 
< PROPMALE > at first sounds like such a geeky name , but every < PROPMALE > I've ever known of is pretty bad ass . There's < PROPMALE > from Offspring , that < PROPMALE > from the tv show of the same name , and of course , < PROPMALE > from < PROPMALE>'s Laboratory . 
I wish I knew a way to add a discussions tab on my facebook profile . Also , it seems a little strange that \facebook\ " shows up as being misspelled . " 
I'm ready for dream time Mr. B 
I love < PROPMALE > Goldblum . 
Take me home Bubbles . 
The next BioShock doesn't come out until 2012 . Makes me want to go up in space so the time til it comes out will seem shorter . 
Over twenty years of experience licking sharp knives and soup can lids , and tonight I cut myself for the first time . And it wasn't even on the tongue . 
I long to go to South < PROPFEMALE > . 
Running theory of love and hate : love is wanting someone to be happy , hate is wanting someone to suffer . 
I hate it when I'm reading and don't understand a word . Gotta look it up and it breaks up my concentration . 
How is it I've gone this long without ever seeing < PROPFIRST > Hood : < PROPMALE > of Thieves ?! I never realized < PROPFIRST > Costner could be so charming . 
I want so badly to go to the Rallies in DC . 
Stayed up all night to finish < PROPFIRST > Orwell's 1984 . Maybe it's the sleep-deprivation , but I haven't cried this hard at a book since the sixth < PROPMALE > Potter . 
I have learned how to do so much from youtube . 
crocheting a bumble < PROPFEMALE > . I've got everything done except for two more wings . 
learned today that \curds and whey\ " are what many cheese and/or Miss Muffet experts would refer to as \ " cottage cheese\ " . The jury is still out on what the hell a \ " tuffet\ " is though . " 
loves you . Yes , you . 
misses being surrounded by peers . 
Taking the trash out to the dumpster takes less than 10 minutes . So why are there 5 bags of trash sitting in my kitchen ? There aren't! I took them out to the dumpster this morning ! 
Sending my PS3 in to be serviced . Still under warranty , so I don't have to pay anything . But I'm gonna lose all my saved everything . 
You ever sometimes have a spoon that's just too big ? 
thinks college degrees should come with a money back guarantee . Guaranteed to make you employable or your tuition , room and board , and all associated fees will be reimbursed . 
Me : No . \ 
Kitty : meow\ 
Me : I said no ! \ 
Me : Ugh .... \ 
Kitty : prrrrr ... eow\ 
Me : Ok . 
is thinking about investing some time to practice penmanship . Why ? Because years of furiously scrawling notes in lectures , not to mention resorting to typing , has left my handwriting in a very sore state . Plus , there's something classy and romantic about beautiful handwriting . 
Some Christmas math : by the end of the 12 Days of Christmas , that poor lass had accumulated 12 drummers , 22 pipers , 30 lords , 36 dancing ladies , 40 maids , 42 swans , 42 geese , 40 < PROPFEMALE > rings , 36 calling birds , 30 french hens , 22 turtledoves , and 12 partridges ( each with it's own pear tree ) . 
was watching Modern Marvels and failed to learn much about the electric eel and it's connection with developing new technology because the biologist was hardcore and handling preserved specimens barehanded . That's just gross . That's formaldehyde mixed with essence of stinky , dead fish . Put some gloves on dude . What was this show about again ? 
thinks it's fascinating to see my cat's eyes dilate when I pull out the cat treats . 
Considering a 360 . Anybody still interested in playing Left 4 Dead 2 ? 
Thinking of switching over to wearing glasses only , for convenience sake . 
Sometimes I feel like video games are like the Ring of Gyges . What would you do if you knew there were no consequences ? In this case , I have 3 spouses in 3 different towns . I'd like to be rid of at least 1 of them , but should I divorce them and let them take half my money , or lead them away to a secluded spot in the woods ... 
what is it about new keyboards that makes them so much fun ? 
woke up this morning and heard what I think was a Great Horned Owl . 
Don't copy that floppy ! 
My dad was told by his doctor that he needs to eat more fruits and vegetables because he has some vitamin deficiencies . Dad's solution : Hawaiian Punch . -_- 
I had a dream I had run away to live in Hawaii . 
If a zombie uprising were to begin right now , it would fail horribly , even if they were the 28 Days Later zombies . Devoid of the basic instincts for survival , they would all freeze to death . 
just got done lopping off my hair . Feel much better now . 
Just got back from Ingles . You'd think people were stocking up for a NUCLEAR winter . 
Slid on some ice early this morning on a back road . Did a 180 and ended up in someone's yard . Would've been scary , except I was only going about 15 mph , so I had time to think , \eh this kinda sucks \"." 
Of all the excellent songs I've heard today , why is it < PROPFIRST > Beiber's \Baby\ " that is stuck in my head ? " 
Daggummit ! How come I didn't know there was a lunar eclipse last night ? ARRRGGGHHHH !!!! 
My dad has become one of the many video game nerds who have been moved by the relationship between Chief and Cortana . 
I wish classical music wasn't all lumped under one genre , there are so many different kinds . 
Who knew successfully changing and dressing a toddler could feel like such a profound accomplishment ? 
Unless I stumble upon a considerable sum of money I'm going to fail my New Year's Resolution , which was to pay off my credit card . 
Forgetting to check my pockets before doing laundry is probably the closest I'm ever going to come to running a money laundering scheme . 
Imagine you are reading a book you love . Suddenly , the words jumble together into a mass of typos and spelling errors , and the < PROPFEMALE > s stick , you cannot turn to the next < PROPFEMALE > . You close the book . You reopen it to the same spot and continue reading for a few minutes , but then it happens again . 
So fresh and so clean , clean 
We continue to write software that demands more & more performance from hardware . That's why computers become outdated so quickly . The computers we bought 4 years ago can still do all the things we wanted them to do 4 years ago , but it can't run the new stuff we want it to , so we have to continuously buy new hardware to keep up with the software . Will we never be satisfied ? 
I don't know what needs to be done to fix our society , and I wish I could stop thinking about it . 
< PROPMALE > DeGrasse < PROPMALE>'s tie is awesome . On Daily Show . 
The world better not end in 2012 . They've pushed the BioShock movie to 2013 . If the world ends , well , you get the picture . 
I would love to form a vigilante group and go to Africa to defend the elephants from poachers . 
craving some plants vs zombies . 
I need a new shoebox ... er , pair of shoes ... 
Kill < PROPMALE > Vol . ' s 1 and 2 on TNT , just thought someone'd like to know . 
In love with the Kill < PROPMALE > soundtrack . 
Thank you all so much for the birthday wishes ! Those two words are such a simple but meaningful gesture , and have the power to turn a good birthday into a great one ! 
There's some music I love so much I would marry it if I could . 
Oregon Trail is coming to facebook . I wonder how true it will be to the original dysentery , I mean game . 
Relaxing and channeling my inner geek this evening with some Plants vs Zombies and a Final Fantasy mixed playlist . 
Facebook Oregon Trail sucks . They fuckin ' ruined it with special Oregon Trail cash (\Notes \") and items that require minimum < PROPFIRST > of Oregon Trail friends to unlock . " 
Finally , the Kill < PROPMALE > soundtrack is mine . 
Early this morning my cat crawled under the covers and went to sleep next to me . When I woke up later she was still lying there , but her eyes were open and she didn't move , even when I poked her . I thought she was dead , but when I poked her head she flinched a bit . Turned out she was alive , but so comfortable she couldn't be bothered to move even though she was awake . 
I've lost count of all the people who are sick . Forget animal themed flus , this seems to be an unheralded epidemic ! 
Would anyone hold it against me if I said I might vote for < PROPFIRST > Trump if he ran for president ? 
Sometimes I'll spontaneously decide it's time to get things done . In the middle of getting said things done , I will decide to make a list ( of things to get done ) . While making the list I will also write down the things I've already gotten done , so I'll have the satisfaction of crossing them off . 
Taking a break from facebook games . I find it discouraging when I miss a few days and miss out on so much stuff . So I'm just gonna leave it alone for a while . 
Just blocked CityVille because I don't want to play it anymore . Farmville is still ok though . 
Why do < PROPFEMALE > rocks taste better than Earth rocks ? Because they're a little meteor ! 
