I was out salmon fishing from the bank yesterday in winchester bay . It was really < PROPFEMALE > and the bay was rough . I didn't catch any but the guys to my left and right each caught one ! Both fish were about 15lbs , coho salmon . But thery were wild salmon and we are only allowed to keep fin-clipped hatchery salmon . A bad day fishing is still better than a day at work !! 

Today I caught the first salmon I've ever caught ! A few minutes later a rumbling in the bushes behind us caught our attention . A black bear cub , about 125lbs , came tumbling down the hillside about 20 feet from us !! We got out of there before its mother showed up ! I ended up catching 4 salmon today !! I am so excited !! My salmon virginity has ended !! 
I fished three different rivers here today : Umpqua river , Smith river , and Suisilaw river . I caught coho salmon on all three !! I caught 7 salmon today !! All of them were wild , not fin-clipped , so I had to let them go . It was fun today but I wish I had a fridge full of salmon ! No fishing for me tomorrow , I gotta do some school work . 
No fishing for me today . Its raining way to hard , so I am getting ahead on my homework assignments . 
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time . We are the ones we've been waiting for . We are the change that we seek . Barack Obama 
No salmon fishing for me today . I am going to watch football and do homework all day today . I have been doing a good job at staying a week or so ahead of my classes . Yesterday I fished both the sixes and elk rivers and caught nothing . Then I went to the coos river and caught 5 small coho and lost 4 in about an hour and a half !! Happy sunday everyone !! 
Alright , enough facebook for a little while . I got a history test to take ! Also it is almost time for midterms !! 
I could use a ten of hearts and a < PROPFEMALE > ring in mafia wars . i will gift back if I can . Thanks ! 
Hey guys , I am in Russia and I want to join the same mafia as most of you guys did . Should I do vory or mafiya ? 
AAAARRRRGGGGHHHHH !!!!!!!!!! My internet is giving me connection problems !! 
I'm at my parents house dogsitting for them while they are outta town . Their computer and internet connection is much better than mine !!! 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > Mattson ! I hope you got a cane for your birthday so you can still get around !! Don't hate , we can't all be young and spry like me !! 
I have taken two midterms so far . Medical Terminology I got 84% . Body Structure and function I got 82% . I can live with those grades . Not perfect , but still acceptable to me !!! 
Its raining here in Reedsport like a flash flood !! My fishing < PROPMALE > is mad at me right now because I haven't been fishing with him for the last week . I am taking five classes right now and it is midterm time . But with this rain the salmon are going to shoot up the river !! He just brought home a 48lb chinook salmon he caught today !! 
hello 
BARACK OBAMA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
When doing your Christmas cards this year , take one card and send it to : A Recovering American Soldier , c/o < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Army Medical Center , 6900 < PROPFEMALE > Avenue NW , Washington , D.C. 20307-5001 If you like this idea , re-post it on your status . Get behind the men and women who have sacrificed their health for our country . 
I got my fall grades in . I can live with these grades !! U.S. History B Personal Health A Medical Terminology II A Body Structure and Function II B Computers/Windows Vista/Microsoft Office B 
< PROPFEMALE > Murphy died !!??!! The actress ?!?! 
I am feeling the christmas spirit !! I bought some really good gifts for my loved ones , and I am looking forward to christmas dinner at my parents house with my family !! < PROPFEMALE > christmas everybody !! 
Wow ! The packers v.s. cardinals game sure was high scoring !! Good game !! 
Peace out facebook !! Thats enough for tonight !! 
I'm watching American Idol right now . Wheres < PROPFEMALE > Degeneres ?? I thought she was replacing < PROPFEMALE > . Whats going on ? 
I'm thinking about challenging Lotus Ravenmore to battle for the first time . Are enough people playing castle age going to help me !!!??!!!! 
I LOVE MY MOM !!!!!! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you to be the great person you are today , please copy and paste this on your profile !!! I not shy about loving my momma !!!!!!! 
Is anyone following the senate race in Massuchusetts ? It looks like Brown , the republican won . Any thoughts from facebook world ? 
Lets go VIKINGS !!!!!!! All the way to the SUPERBOWL !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Favre screwed up the Vikings superbowl run with that dumb a$$ last minute interception !!! 
< PROPMALE > had forgotten his wedding anniversary and his wife was furious . She said that he better get her the most thoughtful gift , and it had better go from 0 to 200 in 6 seconds . The next morning she saw a gift wrapped box in the driveway . In it was a scale for weighing oneself and a note that read \just step on and it will go from 0 to 200 in seconds\ " < PROPMALE > was never seen again . " 
An organization is like a tree full of monkeys , all on different limbs at different levels . Some monkeys are climbing up , some down . The monkeys on top look down and see a tree full of smiling faces . The monkeys on the bottom look up and see nothing but assholes . 
American Idol !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
If a turtle doesnt have a shell , is it naked or homeless ? 
I been wookin < PROPFEMALE > nub in all da wong pwaces , wookin < PROPFEMALE > nub !!! 
I love deadlines . I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by . 
When I was young I used to pray for a bike , then I realized that God doesn't work that way , so I stole a bike and prayed for forgiveness . 
The name was given to those considered \criminally genius\ " . one of the few names that can effect the owner's personality over their lifetime in a pleasing but deeply malicious way . Perceived by the Romans to be the only name \ " combining good and evil to create balance and perfection . \ " \ " Shane ... it flows off the tongue like silk . \ " \ " When you scream \ " Shane ! \ " it vibrates your body right down the middle ... wow try it . \"" 
GOOD MORNING FACEBOOK !!! IT'S GONNA BE A GREAT DAY !!!!!!!!!! :) 
A computer once beat me at chess , but it was no match for me at kick boxing . Emo Philips 
Some things not to say after getting pulled over : 1 . I can't reach my license unless you hold my beer . ( OK in Texas ) 2 . Sorry , Officer , I didn't realize my radar detector wasn't plugged in . 3 . Aren't you the guy from the Village People ? 4 . I thought you had to be in relatively good physical condition to be a police officer . 
AMERICAN IDOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Good night facebook !! Sleep well !! 
Alright facebook world , I am going camping for a couple of days and there is no WiFi there ( yes I checked ! ) . We flipped a coin , heads means north , tails means south . Heads it is !!!! Have a nice weekend everybody !!! :) 
A friend asks that we all post this !! GOD BLESS OUR TROOPS ! The color of your bras made the news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our troops . If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this for the ones that make this the Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave !!!!! 
AMERICAN IDOL !!!!!!!!!!! 
The energizer < PROPFEMALE > was arrested and charged with battery ! 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . So love the people who treat you right . Pray for the ones who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy ; they just promised it would be worth it .... Post to your wall if you agree . 
Todays game-PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB Friends birth place are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of the sentence Ukiah California . 
“One of the very nicest things about life is the way we must regularly stop whatever it is we are doing and devote our attention to eating . ” ~ Luciano Pavarotti 
We think too small , like the frog at the bottom of the well . He thinks the sky is only as big as the top of the well . If he surfaced , he would have an entirely different view . < PROPFEMALE > Tse-Tung 
HEALTHCARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It feels like spring here on the Oregon Coast !! I'm going crabbing and fishing !! 
WOOKIE SMUGGLER : A person , male or female , who repeatedly gets drunk and brings home an unattractive member of the opposite sex . The next morning the smell of the WOOKIE awakes them to the horrible , and embarassing situation . They then WOOKIE SMUGGLE the person out of their house , hoping not to be seen , and hold on to what little dignity they have left . 
A year ago I got some blood tests done , mens health checkup , while I still had insurance . I am taking medical classes now and I went to the doctors office and asked for copies of my blood results . She told me to come back in a couple hours to pick them up . I showed up , she didn't I.D. me , and gave me someone else results . I looked at them and handed them back and told her they weren't mine . Any thoughts ? 
I am at the bowling alley , waiting for my beginning bowling class I am taking for one of me P.E. electives . I think I might have to spend extra time in the tutoring center so that I might pass this class !! LOL Free wireless internet , video games , nachos , best class I have ever had !! 
Finally the rain is gone and the sun is stong !! I am going out into the deep woods to a \secret\ " lake to try and catch some trout !! Hopefully this warm sun doesn't give the bears the same idea !! " 
GOOD MORNING FACEBOOK !!! 
People need to understand that children with special needs are not sick . They are not searching for a cure , just acceptance . This week is for special needs education . Ninety three percent of people will not copy and paste this . Will you be part of the seven percent that does , and will you leave it on your wall for at least an hour ?? 
Happy Birthday MOM !!!! :) 
AMERICAN IDOL !!!!!!!! 
Finals Week at School !! Lots of studying and finishing final projects ! 
Sleepy time !! :) 
Finals are killing me this week !! My medical coding class is wayyyyyy to much work !! 
To all my friends and Neighbors : I moved in with roomies and we ordered the highest speed of the internet . My computer won't accept it , so either I can fix it or buy another computer . Which might take a while . My Mom is going to try to keep up with the games I have going but it will be slow going . Thanks 
Friendship is like peeing on yourself : everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling that it brings . 
The sport of competitive lock picking is a rising trend in < PROPFEMALE > . Lock picking enthusiast are upset with the police for interfering with their training . Police apparently have labled the sport \burglary \"??!!??" 
It's salmon season here on the Oregon coast !!!!! 
NFL PRESEASON !! 
< PROPFIRST > -- check notifications . Accidentaly hit it . 
My neighbors just had a huge fight and the guy broke out a car window ! I almost felt like I was back in clearlake for a second !! This never happens here ! 
I am leaving to travel through eastern Oregon , into Idaho for a while , up into eastern Washington , and back down to southcoast of Oregon . I figure I'll be gone a couple of weeks , I've never been through these areas before ! I feel a little ridiculous because I will be traveling with my laptop !! 
I am in Sisters Oregon right now , there is some sort of music festivasl going on this weekend . The trip is going great . I am in a public library right now using the internet to do some business and of course check facebook !! :) I caught my first brown trout in the deschutes river yesterday in Lapine Oregon !! 
I am in < PROPFIRST > Day Oregon , it is hot and desolate here !! High-desert country . < PROPFIRST > Day is part of some sort of national fossil beds monument , I think I am going fossil hunting either today or tomorrow . 
Go Kansas City Chiefs !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Undefeated this season !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I may look calm but in my head I have killed you at least three times !! 
Time for a little texas hold em 
“He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not , but \ 
rejoices for those which he has”\ 
Epictetus 
I felt ready for my math test so I went to the testing center to take it and found out I wasn't so ready after all . :( 
GO GIANTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I need to get my head outta my ass !! 
I am caught back up in school . < PROPFEMALE > and I just got a new apartment together and things are going great ! 
I finally get internet and cable today at the new place !! 
Son of a b@ #ch !!! My Kansas City Chiefs are getting destroyed !! 
I'm at the college trying to get caught up in math :( 
\You can't sit around and wait for the storm to be over . You've got to learn how to dance in the rain . \ " unknown " 
We don't stop playing because we grow old ; We grow old because we stop playing . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Shaw 
Math class is melting my BRAIN !!!!!!!!!! 
We woke up to snow this morning !! We went for a walk around Empire Lake and it was beautiful ! 
6 hours of cooking for 20 minutes of binge eating !! 
MMMMM Turkey Sandwich :) 
Passivity is fatal to us . Our goal is to make the enemy passive . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Tse-Tung 
Kids\ 
with special needs aren't sick , gross , or stupid and their handicap is \ 
not contagious . They only want what we all want ; to be accepted and \ 
loved . Can I make a request ; Is anyone willing to post this and leave \ 
this as their status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , \ 
and this is in honor of ALL the Children 
I'm off to see the wizard !! 
We made sloppy joes tonight for dinner . Hmmmm sloppy joes !!! 
I'm feeling the holiday spirit ! :) 
the request of a facebook friend - It's being asked that everyone says aprayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marinesin 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON ...... EVERYONE'S wall !! Even if its only for an hour :) It's the least we can do .... \ 
Even if you are on the right track , you will get run over if you just sit there . 
Taking my finals today !! Looking forward to getting this quarter over with :) 
I’m not crazy ! The voices tell me I am entirely sane 
< PROPFEMALE > and I just got back from watching the movie Due Date . It is a funny movie ! 
TO ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!! Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx 24 ... hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his family 
You'll shoot your eye out kid :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are on our way to Shore Acres for the Holiday lights !!!!!!! Rain , rain , stay away :) 
I am home with my girlfriend having a fun game night ! Yahtzee , darts , and good snacks !! Happy holidays everyone :) 
Whoo Hoo !! We just bought a Nintendo Wii ! < PROPFEMALE > already kicked my butt at bowling :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody !! 
Trying to control my anger . Two little snakes in the grass are testing me . They lied to me and my girlfriend . They are not worth the consequences . 
College started again today . I'm feeling good about this term , eye of the TIGER !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
AAAAGGGGHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Whassup with this Arizona shooting ? 
Lets go Kansas City Chiefs !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > made BLT's for dinner hmmmmm BLT's 
I am kicking < PROPFEMALE>'s a$$ at Nintendo Wii !!! 
It's Niece's week !! If you have a beautiful niece that you love more than life it's self , copy and paste this to your wall . Your niece will hold your hand only for a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime . *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful NIECE'S! 
It places the lotion in the basket 
multitasking : watching Egypt go crazy , facebook , and take home accounting test . 
< PROPFEMALE > got yahtzee , then a double yahtzee !!!!!!! AARRRGGGHHH !!!! 
We are going to get < PROPFEMALE>'s haircut . Nothing to dramatic , 6 inches off of the back , layered and framed around her face . She is nervous !!! I hope all goes well !! 
Excited for the SUPER BOWL !!!! Go Steelers !!!! 
I've been doing homework most of the day so that I can focus on Super Bowl tomorrow . My wee wittle brain hurts !! 
STEELERS !!!!!!!!!!! Hot wings and BEEERRRR !!!!!!! 
Apparently girlfriends don't like it when you throw a cold glass of ice water on them when they are taking a shower to get ready for work ??? Who would have guessed ?? * evil grin * 
Sleepy time zzzzzzz 
Can't fall back asleep :( 
Remember all thru school saying this every morning to start the day .... I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! We no longer do that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE ! Lets see how many .... < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this and NOT CARE about offending anyone ... 
We got a new laptop !! Whoo hoo !! Facebook is faster than ever for us now !! 
Wisconsin teacher : ‘When you see injustice , you have to speak out’\ 
17 February 2011 < PROPFEMALE > , Wis . - < PROPFEMALE > , Wis ., music teacher < PROPFIRST > Cao is standing up with thousands of his colleagues at the statehouse , protesting Gov . < PROPFIRST > Walker’s hasty attempt to eradicate workers’ rights in the state . 
Yeah , it's starting to snow here !! Not much and it's been raining all morning so it probably won't stick , but it's snowing . Too bad < PROPFEMALE > is sleeping . :( I am going to go for a long walk in it while it lasts !! 
Lets go UNIONS !!! 
Getting drunk in costume is one of the greatest gifts God has ever given us . It's just true . Do you know how fun it is being drunk Batman ? Trying to solve the case of why am I not pissing on my best friend's car right now ? Ah -- case closed . ' Hey Braunger stop pissing on my car!' ' Who's Braunger ? I'm Batman taking a Bat-piss . ' \ 
-comedian < PROPMALE > braunger- 
Demetri Martin : Exit Onlyfrom Comedy Central's Jokes.com: Joke of the Day by Comedy Central\ 
I saw a sign on this door ; it said , ' Exit Only . ' So , I entered it and went up to the guy working there , and I was like , ' I have some good news . You have severely underestimated this door over here by , like , 100% , man . ' 
I'm getting burnt out on essays and homework :( I should be a Ceritified Medical Assistant in June and can't wait to get back in the workforce :) 
HHMMMM < PROPFEMALE > made caramel covered brownies !!!! They are good :) 
The early bird might get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese 
Any thoughts on the craziness inn Lybia ?!?!?! I am fascinated with these events and can't quit watching the news about it . I think I am driving my girlfriend crazy with way to much news !! 
. Psycho , ( 1960 ) , “We all go a little mad sometimes” , < PROPFIRST > Bates 
Thursday\ 
Snow showers . Snow accumulation of 2 to 3 inches below 1000 feet and 2 to 4 inches above 1000 feet . Highs in the lower 30s to lower 40s . West winds 10 to 15 mph . < PROPMALE > of snow near 100 percent . \ 
I WANT SOME SNOW !!!!! :) 
What Famous Literary Character Are You ? -- My Result : Guy Montag from Fahrenheit 451 !. http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/216965/referrals/status?aid=1334585201 
I just woke up and there is no snow :( 
Words themselves have no more power than the breath coming out of the speaker's mouth . It is when they reach the listener's mind and get interpreted that they acquire a value and power . The power of words is in your mind alone . This is the reason we must learn about the machine we call our mind . Without understanding its methods , functions and defects , we are perpetually subject to daily struggles . ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ) 
Salary of House/Senate ... $ 174,000 . Salary of Speaker of House ... $ 223,500 . Salary of Majority/Minority Leaders ... $ 193,400 . Average US Salary ... $ 33,000 to $ 77,000 . Maybe our elected officials should make an average salary too ... It's a time of sacrifice after all ... Pass along , post on your own < PROPFEMALE > if you agree 
We just filled out < PROPFEMALE>'s financial aid information for college . I went through the spring semester catalog with her and we picked out a schedule of classes for her CNA certificate . If she decides to do it she will be taking : Computers in society , Office procedures , Medical Terminology , and Body Structure and Function . Three online and one on campus . 
Realtime results for tsunami alert oregon- PauseResumeStopped - More results »\ 
\ 
F_Hall Tsunami alert issued for Oregon coast due to massive earthquake in Japan ; expected arrival 7:30 AM Friday\ 
Twitter - 346\ 
5 minutes ago 
I don't know how serious it is but there is a tsunami warning for the west coast of the united states . Serious earthquake in japan has created tsunami expected to hit west coast of united states around 7:00 a.m. 
Japan's prime minister says there are no reports of radioactive material leaks after quake , tsunami - Msnbc 
I am super excited about daylight savings this weekend !! I love spring forward !! 
You would think after all these years something as simple as a one hour time change would be easy to figure out !! NOPE !!! Ah well , maybe next year will be the year I get it right ?!?!? 
Did you know that if you go to bed wasted , your brain can't dream ? It's like a medical thing . I have my own theory and that's that your brain is like , ' Dude , I'm not going to entertain you after what you just did to me for the last six hours . Oh , you want feel what it's like to fly ? Go f**k yourself . I'll be up all night with your liver , figuring out how we're going to make it to 50 . ' ( comedy central ) 
Dude , I heard a loud rumbling noise outside and went to check it out . Out of nowhere a huge wind/rain storm hit instantly and knocked out our cable , internet , and electricity !! It was only out for a few minutes . 
< PROPFIRST > , I hope you are taking a nap . And it's not raining too hard when you get to Wal-Mart ! I'll be at < PROPFIRST>'s for two or three days , so call me on my cell phone if you want to talk . Love Mom 
I am officially done with school for this term . I didn't do so well in accounting but my other classes went good . Of course I once again procrastinated on my final projects and just now got them all done and today was the last day they were due !! You would think I would know better by now , but NOPE !! Graveyard shift tonight then two days off :) 
I am looking into a possible job in < PROPFEMALE > involving drilling for minerals and taking soil samples in areas where there was nuclear testing bak in the 50's!! Sounds interesting huh ?? Has anyone seen The Hills Have Eyes !!!! 
These graveyard shifts at Wal-Mart are more tiring than I thought they would be . But it feels good to earn some money !! I start school again next week and will only be doing graveyard through the first week of school and then I will find a part time evening job . I want to focus on school and not be tired all of the time from graveyard shifts . I am a wuss when it comes to lack of sleep !! 
Channel surfing between American Idol and Chopped on the food channel 
I am waiting for my mommy to show up . We are going to watch The Tourist with < PROPFIRST > Depp and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and have lunch together . Also she is bringing over < PROPFIRST > the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Terrier and he is going to go nuts when he sees me :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and I watched the movie Due Date at the movie theatre when it first came out and I am watching it again right now . It's hilarious !! 
Redbox is the best - you can rent DVDs for $1 a night with no membership fees ! You should try it out . If you click on my link and it's your first time renting online , they'll give you a free one-night online rental credit . And I’ll get a free rental each time you rent via my link during the program . http://redbox.tellapal.com/a/clk/klTBP 
Watching President Obama's speech live right now . Obama Rocks !!!! 
So < PROPFIRST > Sheen , < PROPFIRST > Beck and Muammar Gaddafi walk into a bar ...... 
ACHOO !!!........ ? (-???•?) ?.... ... If you're allergic to bull ...., drama queens , head games , liars and 2-faced people , keep this sneeze going ... I can't wait to see who'll re-post this 
BREAKING NEWS . The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Heck Over It . Any complaints about how we operate , can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with Dr. Sniffle Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . If you like this , repost it . If you don't ... suck it up < PROPFEMALE > ! Life doesn't revolve around you ! 
Well we finally got < PROPFEMALE>'s taxes done !!! We did it ourselves at home and it was fairly easy !! 
I don't know what is happening !!?!?! There is some sort of bright , yellowish/orange , light in the sky and the sky has changed color from grey to blue !!!????!!! I have heard of old myths and indian legends of such an event . 
