Cannot wait for church tommarow ! 

Happy Father's Day to all you hard working dads !! 
Just Got my hair Cut .... It looks bad . Happy Fathers Day to everyone , especially God The Father !!! 
Tell me what you think of my hair !! 
Off to work , hope this day goes well ! 
My hair is annoying me !! 
God is GREAT !! 
Got my enternet back ! Yay 
I know that I'm not worthy to call upon Your name . All my life I've been a sinner and for that I am ashamed . But I heard that you would listen , so I'm giving you my plea . I am too unworthy Lord to come to you , will you please come down to me ? I know that ther 
Paintball ... can't wait ! 
VBS Tonight .... anticipationn !. 
ITS MY BIRTHDAY .... YAY !! 
Thank You all for sayin happy birthday !! 
Ashleys Birthday .... woohoo ! Happy Birthday Sis !! 
Off to bed !! Great Week at VBS !!! God is GREAT and AWESOME and MARVELOUS and GRACIOUS and MERCIFUL and .... 
Off to work ! Lets see what God can do today ! 
I need to change my job !! I think I'll pray about it first .. 
Off to school .... I just wonder if it will be a good day !! Everywhere I go I know that he is with me , everywhere I go , He's right there by my side . He is constantly cheering me pressing tward the victory . He is always leading me everywhere I go ... 
Chambers tommarow ! I can't wait ! 
Youth Rally Rocked ! WOnderin what God has for me now !! 
I might have a fractured bone in my wrist .... curiosity has overtaken me !! Through it all , God's been Good !! 
No Broken Bones !! Praise God ! He has made me glad , he has made me glad . I will rejoice for He has made me Glad !! 
wondering what good can come of the current situation .... O.o ) 
I think that to day will be a bad day .. why is there always bad days when you start the week ... why does anything bad happen ?? 
Youth Rally Friday .... woohoo !! 
is very contemplative ... * sigh * ^.^ ) 
God's Grace and Mercy are awesome . It never ceases to amaze me how when we get away from God , he is really just that willing to take us back again !! He Never Left Me though I turned my back on Him ... God is .... ( I'm speachless ) ^.^ ) 
Old friend died last night . It didn't set in til just now that they are gone . The worst part is I have no clue if they were saved or not . I guess I will find out when I die . RIP Elvy ! 
I should be goin to school tommarow , Lord willing !! 
Can't wait til tomorrow , church ... yay ! 
Struggles , Struggles , and oh would you look at that ! More Struggles . Maybe I'll finally learn some patience ... eh ? 
The Musical Performance is tommorow ! Yikes . Better get some sleep ... 
Family Fun Nights !! I love em ! WOOHOO 
Back from Tulsa and the T3 youth conference . It was Life Altering if you let it be . Truth for today , Testimony for tomorrow , and Training for the future !! 
Church is commin and I'm ready !! Checkin out gowns too ... time to have fun !! 
God is Good . There is no need to look for that in other places . He is the only one who can truly satisfy you and if you search for it elsewhere ... u'll be sadly dissappointed . 
Community service over spring break !! Honestly , I don't mind too much . Just ready to take what God has me do/overcome next ... I just keep trusting my Lord as I walk along . I just keep trusting my Lord , and he gives a song . Though the storm clouds darken the sky , o'er the heavenly trail . I just keep trusting my Lord . He will NEVER FAIL !! 
I need to get in sync with God and stop waistin time . Look at the mess I've made . Honestly , I don't know why anyone would care ... but they do so that makes it both better and worse ... sigh 
Check out the video I was tagged in ... Super Cute !! 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook family & friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This could get interesting !!! 
5 days til my cell ... 6 days til i'm gone !! Praise God , life is grand !! 
... camp , 4 days ... yay !! So much to do and so little time to do it in !! 
Man , you know when you are just do nothin when suddenly you have an epiphany ... well that's what just happened to me only the epiphany was ... ' Man , I sure am LAZY!!' haha 
8 saved a camp his year ... amazing preaching ... amazing music ... i'm just sad its all over . it our turn to bring it back to you all .. praise God for he truly is GREAT ! 8-) 
What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see . When I look upon his face , the one who saved me by his GRACE . All is peace for ever more on that happy < PROPFEMALE > shore . What a day , glorious day , that will be !! 
I'm out to prove that my friends will repost this , I \ 
hope that I am right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a \ 
statement !!! When Jesus died on the cross He died for you and me . If\ 
you are not ashamed of the Gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . \ 
I'm not ashamed . I ? ? ?? you ... Jesus !! 
So I just encountered a catholic person at work and they tried to convert me ... hehe . IT was interesting ... lol 
is happy/confused . I hope to see him at church tomorrow ! 
I'm Truly Happy ! I can't hide it . If you know me you can tell . Happy Labor Day to everyone and I pray you are just as happy as I am right now . Have Fun :) 
... it whatever , i guess ... -_- 
it's whatever , i guess .. -_- 
youth rally here I come(SMBT) !! 
had a wonderful time last night !!! 
is late for church again ... but im glad that ill be there . I can't wait to see what God has in store for me today ! 
Is having a disagreement the same as fighting ?? 
No one talks to me on here anymore ! 
