We fucked up ... We lost < PROPMALE > last night . 

has become comfortably numb 
was ejected from the Treehorn party for being drunk and abusive . I am not allowed back in Malibu . 
is very proud of his sister for getting a 4.0 in college while raising to beautiful children . Being a mother is the hardest job of all I'm I’m VERY proud of my lil ' sis for working hard , maintaining her resolve and being a GREAT mother . 
You're worried there might not be anything at all inside But that you're worried should tell you that's not right 
More cowbell ... 
loved the Quantum Leap reference by a time traveling Hiro on Heroes ! 
is at W . Ricks . Please come pick me up if you're going to Frisco's 
Proverbs 25:21 
Ziggy says there is a 96.3% < PROPMALE > that I’m here to get completely obliterated for the new year . < PROPMALE > told me that rum and diets would be a good way to do this . Here’s hoping that I leap out before the hangover . oh boy . 
I am just a new boy , A stranger in this town ... 
is very happy that someone is home from the hospital and doesn't have metastatic pancreatic cancer to the gallbladder ! 
Green ... Girls I know your secret ! shits out ! 
A restraining order eh ? She's playing hard to get ! 
Maybe you should drive ... 
Peak heart rate this morning on the elliptical : 174 bmp .... I'm dropping the albuterol from my stack . 
Who wants to join my class action law suit against the good people who manufacture Sour Patch Kids for the pain and suffering endured from eating their delicious , but corrosive < PROPFEMALE > ? It's like eating sugar sweetened battery acid ! My tongue will never be the same ! 
is asking himself how he can make this a better day for the people around him 
And in the end , the love you take is equal to the love you make ... 
is still master of his domain 
All these places have their moments ... 
I hate it when I get my schwartz twisted ! 
On my way to the gym to do 60 minutes of fasted cardio . I'm very proud to post my first totally irrelevant status . 
has a forthcoming rant against alternative medicine \detox\ " programs and colon cleanses and the like . It's going to be nerdy and antagonistic . I know you can't wait . " 
Next rant .... I will take on P90X . I'm going to do a fair and balanced review . I'm currently watching all the DVD's and reading their nutritional guide . My brilliant and insightful review to follow ... 
That rug really tied the room together , did it not ? 
Oh one day when you're looking back , You were young , and man you were sad . When you're young , you get sad . When you're young , you get sad and you get high . 
< PROPMALE > , nobody's expecting much out of you , if I set you up with the ball , can you jump up and spike it ? 
I read the news today oh boy 
There goes < PROPFIRST > Caparo again 
Not the micro of the piano's quite low , is it ? Just keep like the maracas . You know all those pianos . OK , you're on . Sugar plum < PROPFEMALE > , sugar plum < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ladies , kindly do your soliciting discreetly . 
Attention relatives . I have been diagnosed with Gilbert’s disease so if anyone has persistent gastrointestinal issues , your unconjugated bilirubin may be to blame . The good news is that people with Gilbert’s have a much lower rate of various types of heart disease . YEY !!! The bad news is that we may also have much higher rates of GI problems , depression , ADHD and fatigue . BOOO !!! 
I have just fallen in love with Emmanuelle Chriqui ... Restraining order pending . 
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . ” 
I would like to challenge everyone to commit a random act of kindness today ! It doesn’t have to be anything < PROPMALE > ; a simple smile to a passerby or a sincere compliment to a friend , family or stranger would do just fine . 
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up 
I was just guessin ' at < PROPFIRST > and figures , Pulling the puzzles apart . Questions of science , science and progress , Do not speak as loud as my heart 
Hey , at least I'm housebroken ! 
http://www.bodyrecomposition.com/research-review/meal-frequency-and-energy-balance-research-review.html 
82 and < PROPFEMALE > in the ATL means laying out and margaritas after work tomorrow ! 
and it stoned me to my soul .. 
< PROPFIRST > Black and Cold Roses ... 
Practice random acts of kindness and senseless acts of beauty . -Adair < PROPFEMALE > 
You're or Your ? Really ? WTF is so hard about this ? The first is a contraction for \you are\ " the second is FOR EVERY OTHER USE IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE . \ 
Mr. President , \ 
\ 
Could you please nominate an agnostic to the Supremem Court ? 
is watching for pigs on the wing . 
I thought we were cool de-la ? 
Well , have you been to , uh well , let me see ... < PROPMALE > , Chile ? 
I need to watch a new series and I've got it down to OZ or Deadwood . Thoughts ? 
From the \Recommended Pages\ " on Facebook :\ 
< PROPFEMALE > , what has become of you ? 
Listened to McCartney's \Flaming Pie\ " for the first time tonight . Pretty good . " 
Why is it so hard to stretch the psoas ? If anyone knows a good physical therapist/kinesiologist/chiropractor that can explain how to remedy a anterior pelvic tilt with a functional hip imbalance and pronation of the right foot PLEASE let me know . 
Slow response , I'm feeling like an afterthought . 
< PROPFIRST > Hitchens has esophageal cancer . Shitty . 
Dear FB friends , FaceBook is claiming that I tried the automatic Friend Finder and found out who's missing . This is a lie ! A lie I tell you !! 
So okay , I'm painting an accent wall a maroon-ish color . I am also buying a maroon/dark red rug . Does my rug need to be pretty damn close to the shade of the accent wall or can it be in the ball park . I'm barely domesticated here . 
Wait a minute . Wait a minute . Doc ... Are you telling me that it's 8:25 ? 
When life hands you lemons you should throw them shits back and say \BITCH WHERE'S THE VODKA AND O.J. ? \"" 
JERSEY SHORE SEASON 2 TONIGHT !! \ 
Synopsis : < PROPFIRST > and Pauly D have a disagreement about the validity of deconstructive philosophy in a modern day context . Snookie's claim that the neurobiological monoamine theory of depression is intrinsically valid angers the group who favor a sociobiological perspective and later , the gang discusses market volatility in the wake of a weakening American dollar . 
A gentle answer turns away wrath , but a harsh word stirs up anger . \ 
Proverbs 15 : 1 
This was in my work email in box :\ 
To whomever used the milk in the fridge in the little plastic bottle , congratulations ! You just drank < PROPFEMALE>'s breast milk ! 
Did anyone else notice today was 90210 ? 
That wasnot a good idea 
Fuck it , I'm getting Lasik . 
is lying in bed just like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > did . 
1.21 Gigawats ! 
I told that fuck down at the league office ... who's in charge of scheduling ? 
I shit you not , one of the trainers at Gold's had her client doing leg presses on a smith machine . 
Reason's greetings 
Nobodys walking out on this fun old-fashioned Christmas . No , no . We're all in this together . This is a full-blown , four-alarm holiday emergency here . We're gonna press on , and we're gonna have the hap , hap , happiest Christmas since Bing Crosby tapdanced with < PROPMALE > fucking < PROPFEMALE > . And when < PROPFEMALE > squeezes his fat white ass down that chimney tonight he's gonna find the jolliest bunch of assholes this side of the nuthouse 
finds tinsel distracting ... 
I don't give a shit if I have to ice skate to the gym in the morning , my hip is 100% and I have squats and leg presses to do . 
Welcome to Hothlanta . Yeah nerdy < PROPFEMALE > Wars pun FTW ! 
I had to scrape off my windshield with a spatula wrapped in duct tape . I'm officially a redneck . 
Boogie Nights Good flick ? 
Can't any of my Gold's friends go in to work to open up the gym today ? I already took my ephedrine and caffeine ! 
Seriously Gold's , you guys didn't see me in high school . Trust me it wasn't pretty . I haven't lifted since Saturday and I'm hemorrhaging muscle by the hour . Also my tanning place has been closed . This is 2/3 of the GTL equation . We're in crisis mode here ! 
60 minutes of StairMaster here I come ! 
