Why is it that days off are so damn depressing ? Man , I just need to go back overseas . 

Oh , also , is anyone else paying a great deal of attention to the goings-on in Iran and North Korea ? I'm starting to get the feeling that I should pack a mobility bag . 
Almost time to call it a night . Have a story to write and photos to review from the Milwaukee Mile NASCAR race last night . 
is still working on his story . Now I just need a little inspiration . 
is still trying to write the same damn story . One of these days I'll actually make some forward progress . 
I hate blackberry . No one said a damn thing about everything in my phone being erased when I updated the stupid thing . If you're reading this , and I had your phone number , well , I no longer have your phone number . Awesome , isn't it ? 
Okay , disregard what I said before . Turns out I had to be as smart as the phone . All is well once again . Next time I'll try not to lapse into a mindless moment . 
just watched District 9 . It's an amazing movie . There isn't as much action as I expected , but it did a good job of making the aliens as real as possible . Hopefully there'll be a sequel . 
I can't wait for the first week of November . Dragon Age : Origins ftw !!! 
I'm wondering when the parking lot is going to get plowed ; I won't be happy if I get a ticket for parking on the street . 
I can't believe how much Modern Warfare 2 I've been playing . Who would have thought war is a good diversion on a cold winter day ? 
I am a bit anxious for the coming week to be over . I have two exams , two ten-page essays due and a VA med appointment follow-up that will likely determine the path of my military career . Now that I think of it , it's time for a drink . 
Well , the Week of Dread is over . The essays are turned in -- I received a 95 on one and the other was widely accepted when I read it in class -- and the tests are over . Now it's a calm week . I think I'll finally have that drink now . 
There are few better things in the world than coming home after a good night and enjoying a favorite video game . Online gaming FTW ! 
I saw the new Twilight movie today . There was entirely too much affection and not enough violence . Since when do werewolves and vampires not destroy everything in sight ? 
For those with an interest in video games , I've played the 360 Medal of Honor beta and I'm not entirely sold on it . Go for Halo : Reach first , and only look to MoH if you really need another FPS . 
The semester's half finished , Rock Band 3 is two weeks away , and winter is almost here . What more could I ask for ? 
TSA's new pat-down/scanning techniques bring about a question : are these measures done in foreign countries before travelers reach < PROPFEMALE > ? If not , does the TSA think < PROPFEMALE > ns are the true threat ? TSA administrator < PROPFIRST > Pistole said , \ . . . there has never been an attempted in-flight attack from an intra- U.S. flight . \ " ( CNN ) Just something to consider . " 
CNN is reporting there's an armed student holding hostages at Marinette High School . For anyone from that area , or still in that area , this is something to follow . 
Situation's over . Time to turn my attention back to the world's attempts to be chaotic . 
