is back in EPA and back online ! 

is worried about Sylwia's back 
remembers when he knew everyone's name in High School . Now he can't even recognize people . 
is wondering why he found an AMERICAN company in Ireland . Still , can't beat the 22 days off . 
is happy that < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are here . 
mysle ze < PROPMALE > jest bardzo glupi , < PROPMALE > on nie lubi kiedy actualizacje sa po polsku 
is sad < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are leaving tomorrow :( 
is sad he's not staying in Poland longer ... 
< PROPFEMALE > , grill & vodka . A good Saturday night . :) 
is glad to get rid of < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > today ... link later . 
hates 10pm calls that something is broken . 
is happy to have found a good buffalo wing joint in IRELAND of all places . 
is glad to be out of work . Unfortunately , work isn't out of him . 
Happy Turkey Day all you Americans ! 
nie moze czekac byc z jego przyacialmy w polsce . A relaksowac !!!!! 
Is back in Pabianice . :) 
can't believe < PROPFEMALE > Murphy died ... but on a sick aside , I love Google's new live news feed . 
can't wait until tomorrow night . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
this is the most unrelaxing holiday ever . 
home 
is excited our things will finally be coming to Ireland next Tuesday !!!!! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease : people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE .... 93% won't Copy and Paste this . Will you make this your status for at least one hour ? 
is falling asleep . :( 
365 days in the poker industry . 
is anyone else feeling kinda sick after today's lunch ? 
is excited that his stuff is in Dublin port . And scared . 
My stuff isn't coming today ... but it is coming Tuesday morning ! PHEW !!!!!!!! 
TV & PS3 are in place ... but haven't got the guts to plug them in . Tomorrow , MAYBE . 
mamy polsat ( we have Polish satellite tv ) 
is really , really disappointed in Oracle today . 
sleep 
< PROPFEMALE > sick , scary bugs , scary meetings , identity theft , Sylwia sick , cold Guinness . Maybe life ain't so bad ........ 
just heard < PROPFIRST > Hopper died . That makes 2 . < PROPMALE > Vigoda better watch his ass ... 
Thanks to everyone for their birthday wishes , in whichever language they've posted . ;) It's great to have so many friends send their wishes from so many places . And for those people who called me old .. You'll never get to my age without hip replacement . I'M GOING TO BASH YOUR KNEES IN !!!!!! 
needs a large hazelnut iced coffee from Dunkin Donuts . 
Track suit . Gawdy jewelry . Fighting with boyfriend on the bus . How ghetto ! Reminds me of home ! 
Word to the not so wise : After making home made salsa , be sure to wash your hands EXTRA thoroughly before going to pee . OUCH ! 
copacetic 
Damn frogs . They decided at 7 ?? But we're licensed in < PROPFEMALE > . www.fulltiltpoker.fr 
Up since 2:30 . Planning day . 12 hours until I can head home . It's going to be a long day . At least I have Zabka with me . 
Three and a half hours in various lines , but now I'm no longer illegal in Ireland !! 
Lazy Saturday . Making fajitas and watching a movie ! Anyone up for Inception tomorrow in Dublin , around 7 ? 
watching a movie with my best friend .. Zabka ! 
just cut his hair . Hopefully I don't look like a leper . 
I'm not afraid of Muslims , Tea Partiers , Socialists , Immigrants , Gun Owners or Gays ... but I am scared of spiders . 
2 more days of training .. then I get my brain back . 
Your car is Japanese . your pizza is Italian . your potato is < PROPMALE > . your wine is Chilean . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Brazilian . Your tea is Tamil . Your watch is Swiss . Your fashion is French . Your shirt is Indian . Your shoes are Thai . Your electronics are Chinese . Your vodka ... is Russian . and YOU COMPLAIN that your neighbor is an immigrant ? Pull yourself together ! Copy if you are against racism ! 
Happy Xmas to all !! 
London for Sylwia's birthday ! WOOT ! 
plotting 
completed his Groovy on Grails training today , and feels really groovy . 
Once the avalanche has begun , it's too late for the pebbles to vote . 
