Looking for a car .. 

Money .... the root of all evil ... and the theme of < PROPFEMALE > .. 
never hated a team with as much passion as I do the sorry ass Cowboys .... lol look at < PROPFIRST > phony Romo the homo on the sideline crying and shit .. 
W . L . M . L . N . D . L ..... One way .. I'm talkin twins-offset 3 of them stupid-long ass lacs .. 
setting the ball in motion .. 
Wish a nigga would pinch me today ... 
Bad night turned good : Spot got shot up , went one way Tavern bound and turned the old cat party to a str8 hood fiesta ... niggas super < PROPFIRST > steppin on my shoes .. 
4 shootings 2 robberies and police everywhere this week .... who hotter than Midway ?? 
geeked up 1 way off the short night jiggin to the capacity drinkin and jukin got me never wanna end it dilated pupils drinkin gallons of water marijuana gone fiendin for a blunt ostricizing lames who can't keep their word meanwhile hungry and'll never eat watin on that 1 call and i'm headed up the street megabytin with no end won't stop til ya money 
flop we can go all night but not if ya pockets aint right money deep like a well got me blowin plenty l's purp for the low love the loud smell forgot and remembered again super < PROPFIRST > sober never drink again big money on the low play up so hard i don't thikn . 
nobody know the hood know he aint broke forgot to laugh was that a joke confusion from these words of illusion of mine hopped on my intelligence left EVERYBODY behind some say he a genius not understanding my thesis lightning brightentin the sky i think it's time to cease this .. 
The pain and the hardship : of a father identifyin his child from a photo of him layin ... wit his brains blown out - Face 
True Story : You pull up at the club , you look down and see an ID , you know the dude so you say to yourself Ill keep it until I see him again , a week or two goes by and you hyappen to lose your ID So you're using his that weekend , the next day it's happens to be in your pocket and when you come out the house there's police all on your road and tht same ID in your pocket is the person who just got killed ... R.I.P. C.J. 
In < PROPFEMALE > bout to head out to the beach ... family woes got me buggin ... 1 way holla at me .. 
is cookin summa dat stupid kentucky shrimp boat fried deep wit the < PROPFEMALE > crust ..... I got the FUCKIN recipe !! 
It takes a gentleman and a scholar to be able to break his phone in HALF , lose EVERY contact in an important list of names and actually be able to STILL talk and text with HALF a phone ... don't believe me ?? Call me and catch the who dis ??? 
Todo quiero saber si la pinocha oida como agua !!! 
Smokin cigarettes wonderin why the hell dumb individuals continue to text my phone when I'm trying to tell them I don't even have a screen .... there they go now .. 
Hates knowing shit he aint supposed to know ... sometimes I wish I wasn't so < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Everybody say I talk crazy but you'll never understand the wierd satisfaction of hearing a complete stranger say that shit and they don't even know what it means ... 
didn't even know how country Lancaster REALLY is .... it's niggas that actually cook and eat RED DIRT ... 
Just sittin here thinkin ... man ... I swear , everytime I think about my sister it just hits me that I'm never gonna see her again , that shit hurts , sittin there watching my daddy tell the kids hurt the worst ... I don't even feel the same right now ... I didn't think you can cry till you can't cry anymore and still be crying , I don'[t even think it's set all the way in yet .. Love you < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Fighting back tears .... remembering the years .. 
@my family : I love you all more than you will ever know .... if you happen to read this , which I hope you all do , even though I may be terrible at showing it at times , I really do .. being the introvert I always have been it's so easy to bottle all my emotions up and keep them inside , especially during these past couple of days ... I appreciate everyone coming together but why did it have to be because of this ??? 
Never trust what you hear , lies wait around every corner for the fool who comes looking for them , disguised so cleverly you'll never doubt it , unbeknownst that what was promised , you'll never see it ... 
Superior mindstate , still shy .. but go HAM anyday .. 1-way vocabulary loquational skills scary but the very fact .. is that .. you'll never understand .. misinterpretations foreshadow delusion of the shallow .. the keen know to follow mind schemes , ONLY those whose can apply should reply know what I mean ??? 
The debaucle to which no amount of frustration and meditation can solve , the labyrinth of synapses sending the mind as a projectile through a celestial-scale journey of everything you've been conditioned to know , that which you don't and that which you'll never know , random and unpredictable as to when and where this instant transmission will land you ... 
makes scholars say i got all the < PROPFEMALE > .. 
sees all the drama , personal problems , and senseless debauchery people subject themselves to on a daily basis , the imbalamce of their life and the need for people to just LOOK in the mirror and figure out what it really is that's wrong with them ... because it's never the things people blame it on .. 
prides himself on the simple complexities so drastically overlooked that even the superficial don't see what's right in front of their eyes so awkwardly obvious ... is eternally gracious for the logistics he has come to realize that a lot of people won't come to realize what it's like to be blessed like this . 
... and admires the humility required to actually not detach from the immensely diverse personalities down to every individual denizen of this world with the notion that this separates me from YOU ... while actually knowing that it does ...... S . N ... egregious conceptions are encouraged to be elaborated upon . 
Gettin high .. that's every blunt , new whip .. that's every month , get my money on the back end .. all I do is front , get it in that's every monute , get it in that's every hour , get it in at any store .. yea I'm whippin any powder .. - Jeezy 
The next step , as always , may seem unclear in the beginning if a person doesn't really know themselves and what they really want in life ... for the next step is always a suprise . 
What's on my mind ? Something that'll never cross yours . 
up wit the birds , insomniatic wit a loss for words , feet to the street .. huggin them curbs . 
FUCK the Lakers .. 
Back wit a vengance , but aint never left the scene .. reprimandated for statements so obscene , loathe superficiality my observations are keen , so frivulous to the trials and tribulations of my regime ... these beings , underlings in my intellectual kingdom , oblivious to the actual connotation of freedom 
Feels like he has the power to do whatever the fuck he wants to do , just needs to figure out what he wants to do .. 
Confusingly simple yet so simply complicated 
Fooled will be thine eyes of mine , or even of yours , to fall for the brightness you see in what may appear to be a dime/diamond , yet to feel it's shine , proves it's worth . 
Emotionless gazes into unwitting faces of the subjects with which i make my observations confirm the mystery of trying to conceive what you realize you'll never understand about me ... vague body language concealing dilemmas some will never face or even REALIZE that I'm going through this ... a worry-less demeanor battling demons in a chess-game of championship moves .. 
meanwhile , stupid wild goin Svedka bound , touchdown and parties gather round , profound profiles mesh < PROPMALE > styles into clash of the < PROPFEMALE > ability to erupt to rage or situation-accordingly wise words spoken with strangers who bond and relate to me , strange looks from those I don't entertain , I hear they hate me , the quality you lack and how i do it so greatly .... 
NAH NIGGA WHAT'S ON YOUR MIND ?? 
1 way = you better go nigga , dey got us . ( hear a lot of people saying that shit , think you should know what it means ) 
Can't believe some of the milestones under the belt , can't wait to reach others , learns from every one he doesn't reach , and is thankful for those who won't yet come to realize what blew right past them ... they won't believe until I show you ... 
great day , guaped out , hella shelled , jiggin outrageous , phone jumpin , steady choosin , 1st of the month , debt free , S.S. level 10 , family straight , full stomach , fresh fit and 59-50 fitted I'M GOIN IN TONIGHT !!!!...... swag wit my round we Svedka bound ... 
Stupid night 
DOLO : That's how it's been that's how it's gone be .... everyday out here by my damn self , never hard to find .. fuck everybody , and fuck you if you wanna take shit personal ... yea I'm talking to YOU ... 
having a simple goal can undermine the most determined efforts of the lost to use negativity to bring you to a place similar to where they can't seem to escape feeling comfort in < PROPFIRST > unwise to the fact of what these indivuduals understand and utilize further trapping them slowly but surely ... to my family and others similar I want you all to think about that .. 
The bullshit and bitch ass people in this world , snitchin ass niggas think I done forgot , motherfuckers who run they mouth but won't do SHIT , the motivation that'll make a nigga wanna be a bitch , the strength of my fam just know we the shit .... I'll steal for em , kill for em , shit gone get real for em , lurkin in these streets everyday , man who really want em ??? 
Super < PROPFIRST > HAM hock pound o ' grease on the samich he a knee-slappin shebangbang never thought I'd make it this far still on E skatin thru states watch me coast thru your county well known like that shit in the news contractor wit that work careful clients we choose game rotten need cheat codes not to lose power ups , no cower ups these niggas so enthuused .... 
killed the Rock last night ...... from the party straight to the hood ..... 
Feels like the BIGGEST weight has just been lifted off my chest ... been runnin round two days wondering where the hell I lost my phone at ... that mutherfucker been att the head of my bed the whole time ..... I'm gettin FUCKED UP today off the strength of that ... 
Fuck niggas ..... shiid fuck bitches too 
Steadfast and true in this corrupt environment where the adept are hated by the same ones who hate themselves for the fact you couldn't see me on your best day ... quite local to the continental 48 yet so much further than you'll ever go .. not even half of life's experiences experienced still pales you in comparison to the raw knowledge possesed ... 
I got dat up all night no sleep pass the water nigga , i got dat give you a song and a beer have you drinkin and jukin , i got dat outta character tell me everything on your mind you aint NEVER mean to talk that much , i got dat so nasty on the tongue but you LOVE the taste ... I GOT DAT !!!! 
Fell off ??? Im bout to pick up where I left off , like when cuz used to front me that whip , got it the hell off ... took that bullshit to the block , and went the hell off , it even left a scent in my jeans , can't get the smell off .. and the mood is , you gotta be quick , or it'll melt off , til you stuck wit eggnog in a bag , and it won't sell off ...., sell off , yea I doubt that itll sell off .... 
is probably about to go ( salute ) LAY DOWN !!!!!! 
Cause see I done did this shit ... I got my time in , but you , you tell me how you do when ( salute ) YOU LAY DOWN !!! 
Used to wonder why they hatin , now I don't feel right when they aint .... You doin good when you hear some shit and gotta double-take .... Who me ?? WTF ??, hell no i know you playin , and they swears it was you , so you know they aint fakin ... 
It may take the most complex or even the simplest situation to realize that feelings and emotions are NOT to be invested in this game where niggas aint trill and bitches don't keep it real ... even the smallest amount can jeapordize any given aspect of well-being at any given time .. not many besides family are there for the long run if you don't know who they are as you should FIND OUT ... meanwhile know yourself ... 
Big things require an even bigger focus and train of thought .. everyday starts from scratch , mentally at zero , realizing everything before NOW is nothing compared to how far I'm starting to go imagining where I'll be tomorrow .. never doubt thoughts as they tell more about you than you know about yourself , a new avenue of knowledge today is priceless being able to picture how many more you know will come from that ONE .. 
If you aint ridin wit me , it's 1-800-FUCK YOU !!!! Jeezy tell you the real .. 
is eager to prove the devotion as to how i felt in the beginning is how i've always felt , even to this day ... shy tendencies tend to withdraw form what i realize is the inevitable , yet now I want YOU to know I'm here and as scary as it's been lately anticipating the moment I don't know what will happen when it does that I've ALWAYS been here , no matter how terrible I've been at showing it ... 
Fuckin wit these hood chaps ... they don't do nothin but sit at the store and ask you for a dollar ALL day .. 
Is tired of all this bullshit weed people sellin ..... where the LOUD at ?? 
went Alabama bound for the weekend ... chillin wit the fam , went HAM , same nigga everywhere I go , goin back again cause i aint never been before ... meanwhile back in these trenches .. 
What you want to happen and what you actually go and do can be two completely opposites if you allow them to be ... that's when excuses and putting the blame on everybody else comes into play .. I've made a lot of mistakes yet have always accepted responsibility for them , I just wish you could be man enough and do the same ... 
Has a word for all you lowlife senseless < PROPMALE > riders stuck so far in a nigga ass they forecast shit hatin on what you can't do .... I LOVE YA'LL ... i just wanna tell ya'll i was so stupid to ever get mad didn't realize yall was just doin your job .. not sayin no names aint no need to do all that , i roll the LOUD up in your honor ... 
If your conversation is remedial chances are so are YOU !!!! 
is ... so .... like ..... bored outta my FUCKIN mind so much going on the weak would've been crumbled pressure busts pipes i'm unfamiliar silly rabbit this a big kid's game careful steps or you won't make it a keen eye takes you far when knowing what your'e looking at the value of a dollar means much more when there's plenty that have his back best kept secrets go to the grave wish i could share but what did I just say ??? 
Has only like the BIGGEST , COOLEST , most AWESOMEST family in the world ... I ' m talking bout my family so big i gotta spend time with these fools in sections ... Don't konw why I woke up feeling so family-oriented today .... them niggas know i love them .. lol 
I'm a politickin , networkin , vet-workin , tech-workin , comin thru yo set lurkin , get gully I'm set murkin , chest hurtin , smokin dro , hustle hard to open doors , help me God stay on my toes , and watch where every token goes ..... Big Head 
Maturity knows no age , no gender , race or moral .... maturity is the ability to understand what the word means and to BE ... not just act that way .. 
what makes a female a bitch ?? 
Went HAM and LETTUCE at Fetish !!! 
Off to a late night ponder , careful as I wander these trenches , filled with traps and failures stenches , front street get you knocked off the bat , catch me in the ground , follow gutter routes like a rat , step light or the next step might cause you to wreck , secure all perimeters and keep contacts in check , respect goes a long way , especially the kind you earn , life's lesson's all around me , I sit back and learn . 
LOL real niggas bump SWV !!!!! ( Sisters Wit Voices nigga ) ... 
Some moments need to written , recorded or else-wise put in stone for the sole purpose of remembering and recapturing the emotions and specific thoughts at THAT moment as a foundation in building an on-going an determined effort towards those specific thoughts and emotions as I remember so vividly the simple pas t-t ime of smoking and going from something that didn't mean that much , merely for the sensation but 
easily avoidable to something that became quite enjoyable and slowly but surely became an everyday habit to the determination to smoke the best and EVEN more of it as much as possible is the same reason i QUIT just now . 
Feels so Good ..... to be so HOOD !!! 
a perfect vocabulary can't even help you pronounce some of the names these young people givin their babies ... that shit should be against the law 
can't stand fuckin round wit ol ' bitch ass lame ass country lil lyin ass niggas they everywhere out here pretending to be real scary ass lil niggas make me sick ... make me wanna punch you in the fuckin mouth ... pussy .. 
Mental compilations relax tempting sensations to digress from what you KNOW you shouldn't be doing .. 
, a kaleidescope of culture , humility , a perfectly controllable endless rage constantly tempting it's release , street and even MORE book smarts , vocabularistic swag so outrageous in the gutters cussin and slang to grammatical PERFECTION and an astounding array of words , and an ability to look you DEAD in the eye and see what you'll never understand .. 
Fuck the Cowboys and the Redskins !! 
Anxious as to what's in store for me .... contemplating and steady growing more inportantly 
I'M GOIN IN ! FUCK IT , I'M GOIN IN !! LIKE AN ILLITERATE NIGGA HOPE I NEVER SEE A PEN !!! 
I hate a LIAR .. 
Some people won't appreciate what they don't realize what they have until they see that the next person won't do it like that .... 
Coming to understand I got a serious temper like the purest form of evil catching myself thinking devilish thoughts not hard to control but almost impossible to not acknowledge .. 
; shy natured .. won't say too much , makes heavy observations 
' s new attitude , so suddenly occuring .. it's capable to elude even MY mind if I don't mentally rewind and make milestones , cultural drones don't know what's going on , if it's not in the here and now .. my history's long , intellectually strong .. I merely roam looking to convert lost souls trapped in the wrong .. 
Lyrical expressions elicit sensations ; sudden rushes of adrenaline it's like you can actually feel the synergy surge through you as the strongest muscles happen to be can you FEEL it in your back as an electric feeling sends a euphoric healing throughout your innermost dwellings understanding my words it have a hold on you NOW , just tell me how does it feel ?? 
It's true that a sincerely positive outlook shines throughout not only the one radiating such a brilliant energy but also those so lucky to be within reach of such an < PROPFEMALE > , realizing that multiple beliefs and morals are based on the same SOLE basic interpersonal congregiously based facts these uncanny individuals possess .. reiterations from peers reflect mutual mindsets . 
Strong body ; strong mind , strong everything 
Stupid dumb night ... 
SHE JUST TRYIN MAKE IT , SO SHE RIGHT HERE GETTIN NAKED .. I DON'T JUDGE HER , I DON'T JUDGE HER , BUT I CAN NEVER LOVE HER .... 
Niggas walk around wit a box of salt in they britches ... gettin they < PROPMALE > on !! Heard some shit so convincing I BELIEVED IT !! 
< PROPFEMALE > dat's dat BITCH !! 
G-SHIT IS ALL I KNOW , DO DIRT BY MY LONELY ... STREET SHIT IS ALL I DO , I KEEP THAT THANG ON ME ... AINT NO WORKIN IT OUT !! 
MAN I LOVE MY TEAM , MAN I LOVE MY TEAM ... I WOULD DIE FOR THEM NIGGAS , I'M ABOUT WHATEVER MAN !! 
Chillin like oh-so-hard glazed gaze glistening like a Krispy-Kreme !! 
got drunk last week , got fucked up the other day and got bent yesterday , I'm gettin KINKY-TWISTED tonight .... 2 4 lokos down you can say I'm 8 CRAZY !! 
They say I < PROPFEMALE > crazy conversations but I learn alot from confused faces , lost thought we was on the same < PROPFEMALE > I'm a couple chapters ahead silly rabbit 
Slippin 
Re-vampin the gameplan , can't believe the things I used to do and how i changed , hard to tell that I'm the same man , back to the basics , strangers stress the talent I was blessed with ; say I'm a damn fool if I waste it 
Quite contagious is the power of creative outragousness ! 
2/15/98-11/26/10 ... R.I.P. Prince ... been a long time , had a good run , lol if there's a dog heaven I know you on Row 1 . 
I'M SO FLY !! I'M SKY HIGH , AND I DARE ANYBODY TO TRY AND CUT MY WINGS !! 
I gets it in like you won't believe him , wordsmith , steady schemin 
Lol if you gone have it ..... KEEP IT !! 
you gotta quit EVERYTHING to do it ALL .... 
I wouldn't be who I am today if I did shit the EASY way ... 
Juve aint goin for that ol ' BILLIE-JEAN-SHIT !! 
Highbrow approaches to embecile dealings make the acute out of profound perspicacious abstracts .. 
.... a COLD mothafucka .. 
It goes DOWN in Arkansas-Arkansas !! 
So tied up in that petty shit I'll pass , fuck a big fish nigga got WHALES to fry .. 
Froze toes out roamin got my situation swole , why is it you won't miss me til you realize I'm gone ... strong minds seem angry when looking from behind , never worried bout yours too tied up with mine .. I sit too high to stoop that low , why think of what was when you can let it go and go ?? Words to live by 
I done tightened up on my G DAWG !! 
Quite pensive on the late night tip opportunities don't present themselves without a mind like this I stress the truth fakeness never gets you anywhere doors that always been open aren't enough I could care LESS but digress I do from my central theme quiet natured if I wasn't I'd be targeted for schemes , make connections then toss em like I don't even know you ONLY way you'd understand is if I break down and show you 
Quite silly to think that one could be the ONE but no ties make positions past placed out to crumbs the best is what I'm used to and I can't settle for less one quality isn't enough if you don't have the rest mindsets set the day can't wake up feeling down when looking back on old conquests no wonder I'm profound ... 
Can't stop till these gears of insight take a break but breaking souls into debris and knowing you did it is GREAT disguise schemes through a awesome personality and laughter but the power of the almighty dollar is what I'm after ... 
Money makes moves broke cowards always LOSE !! Petty bitches wanting handouts in the way PLEASE MOVE !! 
Piercing perceptiveness , attitude at times devilish 
No time for the friend zone , I'm tryna score I want the end zone .. that's the game that I was taught , reel em in or run em off !! 
R.I.P. Grandaddy .. 
Got my beat BACK !! 
Hollerin who you wit like they don't know it's a MID-WAY THANG !! 
War doesn't determine who is right only who is left 
Preciate all the birthday love from everybody if you know me and you know you gone see me today just know me goin STUPID !!! 
WHEN YOU SEE ME SHOW ME SOME LOVE I'M GOIN RETARDED !! 
I know the streets love me cause they told me so .... I asked God to forgive me and he told me NO ... -Big Head 
Bullshittin down Great Falls highway no bites just this icy cold rain so wet I don't even think I had shoes on backtrackin my pants so heavy they draggin call them people my niggas LOST IN THE WOODS !! Lost in Lancaster you gotta be kiddin but name one nigga in the hood that play like that !! 
If if was a bottle , we'll all be good everybody take a swallow , we'll all be < PROPMALE > IF IF WAS SOME VODKA !!... - Webbie 
