Thank God for everything cuz he didnt have to do it . Pray for me and my family yall and Ill do tha same even if you dont . Love and Peace !!! 

Man Im tired of everybody makin all these excuses for somethin they did ... what im tryin to say is own up to it cuz it more work avoidin it plus it makes you look better . 
I cant wait till Saturday when tri-it summer camp is over ! Don't get me wrong its fun and all but I just wanna get some sleep . It's summer ... I don't want to wake up @ 7am no more this week . Lord help me make it one more day !!! 
baby got on da < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > shirt wit da red jacket and some zippaz . dont forget my nice soft curlz and glitta glove ! While moonwalkin on carpet . itz a national holiday in my mind . i call it jarrell dress up as < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > day ! lol ! lol ! lol ! lol x million ! 
Today I said my last and final goodbyes to my cousin . I love him and I'll miss him but he's in a better place than we are . R.I.P < PROPMALE > Parrott Jr. I love u cuz . 
God sees you through your trials and tribulations and makes your joyful moments come to past . But no matter what stage you are in you still must praise his name under the hot fire and the cool brezzes . Dont turn your back on God when you think everything is over cuz you wouldnt want God to do the same . You better give God some praise . Thank ya Jesus ! 
People reach for the starz but now its time to reach beyond that people . Some of you may say \whats beyond the starz ?. Well ... uhhh . i dont know bout yall but uhhh ... God is beyond all of those things . Stop rechin for starz cuz God do greater things . He can take to the starz then lift you up higher than that ! Now can get an Amen church ! " 
Happy July 4th , 2010 !!! \ 
\ 
You never see it coming you just get to see it go\ 
Yeah I shoulda looked up in the sky at first\ 
Now I can see it in her eyes\ 
Fireworks ! --- Drake 
Had a great day with my family ... couldnt imagine my life without them ... I thank god for them !! 
I been singing all day just happy for what God has done , what God is doing , and what God will do . 
Today is my bestie b-day .... Happy 17 Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!! 
I love everybody and God is love then i must be doing something right ! 8 ) 
seems like the harder u push forward the more something push u back but it good cuz im fin to be in tunnel vision and God will see me though . Believe in it ! 
Im tryna work on myself and my relationship wit God cuz i see myself working for his wonderful works ... i dont wanna be all messed up tryin to help God's children ... i wanna be a good example ... im still work ... God and I gon be best friends and more1 
Don't change who you are for a better lifestyle but better yourself to change your lifestyle . 
Goin hard & Lovin Life to da fullest baby !!! 
Challenge Day really opened my eyes to a lot of things . I am going to start making a change and im going to start with me so if ya'll see me slippin then put me in my place . Weneed love ! 
SMH ... Everyone please stop trying to reach ppl expectations of you instead reach your own . 
One of the best cures for the world is love 8 ) 
When people try to break you down with their negativity dont curse them out and have a huge argument just do what I do and prove them wrong because actions are louder than words ;) 
A baby is born with a need to be loved and never outgrows it . So why can't we continue that cycle instead of looking at each other crazy ... Come on world Gots to do better than this !!! 
Love yourself first then those around you ;) 
I'm tired of losing people I love RIP < PROPFIRST > 
I need LOVE !!! lol 
BUBBLEGUM 8 ) 
I say u da best < PROPFEMALE > im lookin n da mirror ^_^ Big < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPFEMALE > u like , love , or hve any typ of feelins for sumone u need to learn to show'em how u feel b4 its tooooo late ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas FB ... even tho most of us think its jus another day but be happy for wat u got n seein this day come * peace n love 8 ) 
There r only a few ppl you can trust n depend on that actually cares bout u so be careful how u treat them cuz they can choose to leave n the ones u think is them wont be there for long . 
Just watched * Poetic Justice* ~ love this movie ~ 
Ughh stop bein around da bush n sugar coatin everything just be real wit me for once !! 
Even tho u r an emotional wreck doest mean u hav to lose ur mind and fall into ppl daily drama #be wise 
Things dont always happen according to plan but u gotta keep it moving 
I feel so loved rite now im giving out free hugs n kisses !!! ^__^ 
U gotta give respect to earn respect ... baby naw i always had it cuz i got respect for myself . 
Even tho today is not one of my greatest days i still thank god for lettin me see this day 
Black n wat ... naw bout dat green n yellow ayeeeeee !! 
People aint always who think they are best to find out early before its too late . 
Why people like corrupt the innocent ... leave us alone !!! Lol 
Today somebody told me I was too nice , sweet , and honest so why you complain about the people that are the complete opposite of me #contradiction 
Im so happy for this day i see that God has blessed me with a bundle of joy , love , and peace and im truly Thankful for everything I have ... Happy Valentines Day fb !!! #NunButLuv 
OMG !! Im feeling so sick right now . God heal me please !!! :( 
I never claimed to be perfect u just assumed i were ***** 
Its difficult when your mind and your heart disagree :/ 
Extremely bored rite now im i need of a conversation !!! lol 
Being bored make u think of some crazy random stuff ... u just dont wanna kno what im thinkin cuz its really stupid lol 
life is so awesome rite now ??? 
love , love , love what does it mean ??? only time can tell lol 
People tell i have changed they are right because i have grown and i understand life more ? 
I Love You !!... you know who you are !! 
i wish u would say how u feel i wont get mad at u ... cant get mad at ur true feelings . 
Today was one of my GREATEST yayyy !! lol 
ppl need to stop wit ya mood swings ughh !! 
I have peace and no one can take it away from me ** 
I swear if i see another < PROPFEMALE > Hudson commercial singin bout her weight lose imma feed dat heifer a sandwich lol 
Don't let them win by avoidin ur problems face ur demons face-to-face . 
U gotta learn to love urself before u love somebody else ... i got so much love i cant kept all to myself ahaha #lovelivinglife 
A friendship that can end never really began . 
I can't lose faith now ... everything that I have lost is for a reason , everyone who has left me is for a reason , every door that has been slammed in my face is for a reason ... Every fiber in my body wants fall into the ways of the world but I have held on this long so I will continue to hold His hand into the way out of darkness . Faith is the key . 
Done took a lot of steps back bout time to move forward and never look back 
