Do we all need to update every minute of our life ? If you feel this way you obviouly need some attention . 

Tis the season to go burn a bunch of stuff !!! 
Anyone else noticed that Disney Channel is on the verge of being porn ? 
http://verydemotivational.com/2009/12/15/thats-one-hell-of-a-fail/ 
The six truths of life . ( comment after you finish ) 1 . You cannot touch all your teeth with your tongue . 2 . All idiots , after reading the first truth , will try it . 3 . And discover that The first truth is a lie . 4 . You're smiling now because you're an idiot . 5 . You soon will forward this to another idiot . 6 . There's still a stupid smile on your face . 
Baby seals ?! 
Wow this average human life is monotamous .... 
Why is there never ever a happy ending ? 
......... moo ........... 
things is getting beterz 
If you happen to know a creationsim vs evolution debate website pls send me link k thx bye 
Oh napalm why do you drop on me so much ? 
Have you ever seen the ninja turtle movie ? I was the third ... Clansman 
Painting eggs tomorrow =) 
I feel like a Snorlax , all I want to do is eat and go to bead . 
After you finish getting shot you should really stop screaming .. it wont help 
Based on the trajectory of the < PROPFEMALE > and the sun i think they are at the bottom of the ocean , i bit lots of holes in them . 
I 
A depressed whale 
Did you know im riding this horse backwards ?......... HIYA 
Teh sound of forgivness and drowning sound alike . Screaming then silence 
Got my Middle College acceptance letter !!! 
We shall settle this argument like men . With a children's cardgame ! 
Lets play the Yugioh drinking game ! Everytime friendship is mentioned take a drink . 
In Soviet Russia Pikachu chooses you 
Adios mi amigos , I'll be in florida and South < PROPFEMALE > for the next 2 weeks !!! Disney and the beach here i come ! 
Omg Florida is fun and all but I miss my technology and such . leave me a post about what's happening . Mr. Gardneer pls tell me what I've missed with machinima , roffing , and others . Miss everyone . K thnks bye =p 
Nice to finally see portal 2 maybe this time the cake isn't a lie . 
SNACK ATTACK MOTHER FUCKER !!!!! 
Swan dive 
Floor 7 is between flours 0 and 1 
Go rot in a hole 
Hello dangerous prarie wolf . 
Can't beleive that school starts tomorrow :/ 
What if I want a knife ? what if I want to get stabby ?! 
Anyone who plays pokemon heart gold/ soul silver pls give me your friend codes so we can battle . 
Jesus is holding a raptor ... you argument is invalid , but the image is awesome . 
< PROPMALE > 
I fucked up ........ 
Redemption !! Fuck yea !! 
Shame accompanies this patheticness .... 
Never in this lifetime 
todays top emotions : rage , boredom , depression . 
chalk one up on the fail board . 
apparently dreams and wants are easily crushed . 
Guess it wasnt forgotten ... 
no point in human interaction if everyone hates you and feels guilty after they are done talking to you . 
I never seem to grasp the big picture . Only what is direclty in front of me . 
To the < PROPFIRST > goes the spoils 
let there be zombies !!! And let them eat brains !!! 
Not the end but simply a new begining , confusion will ensue . Thats ok though becuase it is all part of the process . 
Halo reach capaign is fucking awesome ... its ending its ok compated to the other Halos . 
My brothers need a good stab in the soul 
Sweet school week is cut in half Starting Monday . < PROPMALE > military service teachers !! 
I would never have beleived if it came from anyone else . 
Curse you shitty Nazi zombies team mates !!! 
Drive the falcon correcly or shoot greandes from it your pick 
Imagination could you please go dormant like you do for the rest of the day so i can sleep ? pls ? 
IT PRINTS MONEY BITCH AWWW SNAP !! 
First time in forever that i have woken up happy ! 
Dr. < PROPFEMALE > has a PHD in kicking your ass !!!! 
No matter how many times I read that message it always makes me smile 
Good night facebook 
Im going to cut facebook 
god ive got a terrible headache 
Best video ever . 
This is serisous man . Like AIDS serious . 
Lol i cannot beleive she even listened . 
Pls work facebook i want to talk to some people on here 
Sweet i found a machete in my closet =P 
This could be Awesome !!! Or a night of pain and missery 
Christian if you attempt to scalp me before i am top of the list i will be sure to aid in the decapitation plot that is being held right now . Just so you know ^.^ 
/sigh wasted time , all of it .... 
I hate going to bed angry but insomnia ends when insomnia ends ... 
I love this make-shift flamethrower !!!! 
Dislikes how some emotions are getting in the way . 
Quickly heal the MT !! Dude hes dead .... Oh shit . 
Post this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on The Death < PROPFEMALE > , when it was obliterated by Rebellion terrorists . I wish people would understand that the Rebellion is a band of murdering scum . The Empirewants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the Rebellion continues to kill our soldiers . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this yourstatus for at least one hour ? 
Hey christian what are you doing ? Im popping your brothers back . Oh really ? then why is there a knife in your hand ? Cause ... mhm ok continue 
Gotta love zombie apoclypse discussions ^.^ 
Curse you infant children on Xbox . Stop quiting all the time 
And so depression replaces euphoria tonight ... for all 
Your ignorance amuses me 
Facebook you are causing me unnecessary problems 
When in doubt frag grenade out ! 
Exceptionally 
I feel beyond drained but im not tired . 
I feel like I am bothering everyone . =/ 
Knowing the problem always helps 
Peace of mind at last 
FUCK YES !!!! finally proof of my zombies returning !!! 
What do i need to do to make this better ? =( 
If i could i would remove your spine and burn your insides why you live . 
I wonder if the situation was reversed if you would still feel the same way . 
Its like a fantasy , only its real !!! 
I almost feel bad about this =P 
Take one down and i feel inspired 
Your about to be cut worse than if you got in a tribal war . 
Not what I had come to expect from you , but a positive development none the less . 
Im always up for a Juggernog 
Well arnt you rather high and mighty all of the sudden . 
Tonight was just aweful 
Gotta be at our saddest so we know what we will be like when we are the happiest 
Whoo Unfrigginbeleivable . 40 kill streak owned . Just owned 
-.- 
My efforts seem to lead to failure . =/ 
Miss you hope you come back soon . 
PSAT was easy . 
Dubba dubba dubba 
leeRoy Drinkens ! 
Do not play WaW with your half your team drunk . They will leave you to mix drinks , and you will die terrible . 
Gotta love how much nerd rage carries . < PROPFIRST > if you read this calm the fuck down ! 
ID-10+$ your job security 
Today was fucking awesome 
Tonight was awesome 
Historic Figure trolling xD 
Today needs a replay button 
I think it is time that you learned that no one wants you around . 
Why does this bother me so much ? 
Finely done with today's family get together . So bored and nothing to eat -.- 
Computer is the best operating system ever 
* Happy Comment about snow * 
Epic christmas so far . Got everything i wanted and plenty of money besides =D 
Fallout New Vegas Radio < Fallout 3 radio 
Middle college needs to hurry up and cancel >.< 
Wrong Generation 
