tired of being so dang tired ! 

poo ! 
in desperate need of a maid ! 
Halo ! Anyone want to play ? 
just a couple days ago , I had a house on the lake . I'm just glad the lake didn't come to my front door . 
No sleep til brooklyn . 
ha ha ... I made it through christmas without going broke or using credit cards . 
i've got the next 4 days off with NOTHING to do . 
Goodnight face book .... Good night < PROPFIRST > Boy ! 
in desperate need of some love . 
6 days a week , 12 hours a day ... nothing to do on sunday . priceless ! 
Just had the worst weekend of my life , and it's still not OVER !!! 
the weekend from hell ended and i'm back at work . never thought i would be glad to say that 
whoo hooo . lats go shopping 
showing school pictures at work of the people who work with me 
Well i'm back to the 7 day work week . this is day 6 . I think I may be getting sick on Monday . 
day 7 ... wonder if we work next weekend too 
Well it's time to get day 8 off to a start . I don't think I feel as sick as I thought I would . Maybe I will around day 21 or something 
its official ... i've been working too much . i was just informed that today would be day 7 since i had last monday off . no wonder im not tired 
feels helpless because im surrounded by stupid 
Yes , and it's happening just about everyday\ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > M . < PROPMALE > 
it's Friday , and im not working this weekend unless they come to my house and drag me out of my bed .... HMMMPH ! 
54 minutes and its the weekend !!! 
the weekend started an hour ago , and i haven't drank the first martini . something's wrong with this picture 
God work sucks ... I have to figure out a way to do this from home 
is bothered by people who type in all caps . Change your font size or something . That messes with my eyes ! 
Got a belly full of my dad's bbq ribs last night , now i'm sick . I hope he's not trying to cash in on my insurance policy ! 
has left the horizontal position 4 times today , and one of them wasn't necessary ! 
This\ 
should be interesting ........ let's see how forthcoming my Facebook \ 
friends are ... Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me \ 
using the THIRD letter of YOUR first name . It can only be one word Then \ 
copy and paste this post on your wall , so I can leave a word \ 
... about ........ you . ;) 
BMWs are like women ... They love for you to spend money on them . I had to jump start the car this morning to drive to Montgomery to spend $330 to have a new battery put in . 
It's finally dropped below 100° , and the fools at work keep closing the hangar doors because it's cold ! 
