with < PROPFEMALE > and laurrrraa (: 

eating cocoa puffs ( O: 
about to walk all the way home from katies . text me . 406.5431 
has a strong < PROPFEMALE > to sleep on the roo 
is riding dirrty 
i thought i told yuh , imma < PROPFEMALE > . see that ice ? see the carrrrr . 
with broooke . wanna chill ? ( : 
wowwwwwww . fml . 
getting nose pierced todayyyy . 
watching the haunting in Connecticut . 
at brookes . talk to me . 
no more braces !! :D 
bum dayyy (: 
borrrred ): 
bad mood , can't sleep 
hmmm , bored .. 
showertiiime (: 
at brookes lovaaaa (: 
feed your imagination . 
sooooo annoyed with all of the problems myspace ALWAYS has . ugggh 
already thrusday tomorrow ! ( : 
already thursday * tomorrow ! ( : 
annoyed . 
just got questioned by the cops when i didn't even know what was going on . soooooo mad . 
my day was pretty good . and i got tot paint my room ! ( : 
school is too stressful . 
do you think you can tell , blue skies from pain ? 
have to make four posters and four speeches for decades project . and have to do all of my phys/path project . laaaame . procrastinator ? 
did not sleep at all last night because i have to present my decades project today . and i have a driving test today . and i have a phys/path test today . wish me luck ? haa /: 
girl i will cut him . welcome to < PROPMALE > burger where we do it your way , but don't get crazy . i gotta complicated order . don't interrupt , rude . sucurrity . suh currity . next please 
game later 
homecoming week this year was reallyyy disappointing . 
getting ready for homecoming (: 
about to go over to katies for pictures . sooo excited (: 
homecoming was good . afterwards was really fun . so tired , goodnight ! 
this weeks gunna take forever . friday , sixfalgs ! ( : 
geting in the shower . then laame homework . goodnight everyone (: 
today was funn . excited for fridayyyy (: 
some homecoming pictures are up ! going to beddd . goodnight loves (: 
was < PROPFEMALE > tired all day . sixflags friidayyy ! 
cause i'm here for you . please don't walk away , and please tell me you'll stay . 
left in a maze , there for i am a-maze-ing . ---- goodnight everyone ! ( : 
i kow its really early , but my sweet 16th birthday party is on december 5th . don't make plans ! ( : 
one of my best friends moved today ): buttttt , six flags tomorrow ! ( : 
shower , homework , bed . goodnight . tomorrow ; school than six flags ! ( : 
eh , still not done with homework . six flags tomorrow ! ( : 
had lots fun last niiiiight (: 
poms was alright , i'm really out of shape . figures . lol 
i said , yeah < PROPMALE > . rollin like a big shot , chevy tuned up like a nascar pit stop (: 
chillinnnnnnnnnnnnnn (: 
kinda dissapointed . 
paranormal activity is seriously the scariest movie i've ever seen . hahaa , its really good . 
surely you can take some comfort knowing that you're mine . just hold me tight , lay by my side . and let me be the one who calls you baby all the time . when i'm alone , time goes so slow . i need you here with me . I'm here . 
that was very scarey ... 
So it’s not gonna be easy . It’s gonna be really hard . And we’re gonna have to work at this every day , but I want to do that , because I want you . I want all of you , forever , you and me , every day . 
I should be happy once I get home after seeing you . But that only means I'm not with you anymore . I don't like not being with you . When I'm alone , time goes so slow . I need you here with me . 
good mood ! ( : goodnight kiddos . 
not going to school again today . lol , sleeeeeeep (: 
yeah < PROPMALE > , rollin like a big shot . chevy tuned up like a nascar pitstop (: 
Never caught my breath , Every second I'm without you I'm a mess . And I'm melting In your eyes Like my first time That I caught fire Just stay with me Lay with me Now . 
so siiick ): 
ugh , going to the emergency room ): 
back home .. still don't feel very well .. /: 
ugggghh .. i hate this < PROPFEMALE > muchh ): 
can't sleep .. 
at home again , feeling a lot better (: 
this medicine makes my whole mouth numb . haha ! 
i feel better after i took a nap . lol , about to hop in the shower (: 
getting ready .. for what ? not completely sure yet ..? lol , but i have to do something , i've been stuck in my room for dayyyyyys . haa 
bowchikawowwow . haa , yeuup .. with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . hit us uppp ! ( : 
last night was perfect (: happy halloween everyone ! going to dg with < PROPFEMALE > . then chillin with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > laterrr (: 
drama drama . uggh , i hope this night gets better , its been kinda laaaaame/ : 
seriously , what did i do to you ? ever ? don't put your drama on me . woww . 
wowwwwww . this sucks . 
good things don't last . 
last night was funn (: hungryy , about to make soup , haa figurrres ! lol , talk to me ! ( : 
new halloween pictures ! yeaaahh 
< PROPFEMALE > .. what happens now ? where do we go from here ? 
Gimme them bright lights , long nights . Party till the sun is rising . 
that sucks . not in a good mood . whatever . boys are nothing but trouble . 
didn't go to school today , again . i'll be there tomorrow though . two day week for me ! ( : 
you make me wanna screeeam . 
Could you cry a little Lie just a little Pretend that your feeling a little more pain . I gave now I'm wanting Something in return So cry just a little for me . 
can ANYONE help me with my trip project ?! 
< PROPFEMALE > helped me finish my trip project and shes not even in my class ! lol . good mood , but still don't know whats gunna happen next . going to school tomorrow . two day week ! ( : 
mm whatcha sayy . mmm that you only ment well . when cause you didn't mm whatcha sayyy . mmm that its all for the best , because it is . :P 
at megans .. about to walk to my house for a little , then back over here . lol . FOUR DAY WEEKEND ! ( : 
hates not knowing . uggh ! oh well .. four day weekend ! ( : ahaha , whoooopp ! 
with < PROPFEMALE > babyy <3 
your friends say \what is it ? you look like you've seen a ghost . \ " you know that she'll break you in two . at my house with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . talk to < PROPFEMALE > ! (: " 
just watched my sister's keeper .. cried like a babyy ! haa , bout to go to mcdonalds . (: 
boys will be boys . can't live with them , can't live without them . or can we ladies ? hahaha ! whateverrr . i don't need that drama in my life . 
last night was fun ! ( : 
shawtys like a < PROPFEMALE > in my head that i can't keep off . got me singin like nananana everyday . like my iPOD stuck on replay . :P 
confusing night . whatever though . tired , going to beddd ! ( : 
you make me wanna < PROPFEMALE > ! 
happy veteran's dayyyy ! and happy birthday to alissa ! ( : last night was super fun . hahahaa 
limbo with the girls . at < PROPFEMALE>'s nowww ! funfun ! yeahhh (: 
this weekend was SO much funn (: 
love me or hate me , just to bring me into that drama of yours (: 
GIRLS : if your guy thinks he can do better than you and doesn't think hes the luckiest guy in the world to have you .. break up with him before you're too attatched .. trust me . it will be better for you in the long run . lol 
lookin like a ROCKStAR * 
funfunfun weekend ! i need time to recover . lol (: 
i miss you , and there is not one day i go without thinking of you . 
my birthday is TOMORROW ! ( : 
needs song ideas for birthday party ! send them to meee (: 
thanks to everyone who told me happy birthday ! ( : 
waiting on < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > to come kidnap me . lol 
thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , and a couple other people , for making my brithday SO much fun ! hahaa . my real party is on the 5th everyone . don't make any plans ! ( : 
i got a cell phone ! 618 541 6831 . -text me your name (: 
amazing break (: school tomorrow ... ehhh 
i want your love and i want your revenge , you and me could write a bad romance <3 
going to bedd .. gunna be a longg week . 
hey there , hi , how yuh derrn ? 
eating cherries with whipcream on topp <3 
if you are going to my party , please tell me . i NEED to know ! ( : thanks 
one step at a time . 
facebook > myspace . 
last night was verry fun . thank you to everyone who came to my party , and made it happen (: 
so bored , so tired . dunno what to do . i hate sundays . 
not really in a good mood . doing this article summery , then going to bed . school tomorrow/ : 
hoome , sleepy . nightt ! 
baby its cold outside <3 
putting up christmas deccorations . text me (: 
too exhausted for school today ! 
give your dreams the wings to fly <3 
McDonalds (: 
sweetdreams <3 
i laugh at drama . HA . i'm getting off everyone . studyyyy/ : ehhh . haa , latter . 
tomorrow is christmas < PROPFEMALE > already ?! ( : 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas <3 
New Years < PROPFEMALE > love <3 
NEW YEARS < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 
cause it's true , i am nothing without you . 
look in the mirror and keep * shinin ' . <3 
not trying to be a downer , but mascoutah WILL have school tomorrow . i mean common , past experience .. schooool . sorry . 
speech tomorrow ): 
snow baby snowww ! 
borrrrrred . text me . 
showerrrr . text . 
you make me wanna LALA <3 
i know one day you and i will be free to live and die by our own rules , free . Its okay that we're dieing , but i need to survive tonight <3 
wooowwww . horrible night now . uggh . i'm going to bed .. night . 
pretty much being accused of lieing by my family .. this is rediculas . i have nothing to do with anything . whatever , i'm just annoyed . acctually looking forward to school tomorrow so i might forget about this for a little . anyways , laying down . goodnight . 
goodnight <3 
when i close my eyes tonight , i'm hoping you come to me in my dreams <3 
worst week , and its only tuesday ): 
hada lovely weekend (: <3 
let me be the one who calls you baby all the time <3 
this week is going by sooo slow . 
i hold my breath , and loose the feeling that I'm all alone <3 
superbowl . saiiiints <3 
monday tomorrow ): goodnighttt <3 
snow baby , snow ! <3 
happy martigras ! ( : 
brookes house .. text me . 618.541.6831 
i don't like valentines day this year ): 
i neeeeeeeed a ride from belleville to mascoutah . 
hadda pretty good valentines day (: 
ahhh , i don't know what to do about this stupid situation i put myself in . i don't wanna hurt anyone . someone just tell me what to do ! haa , how did i put myself in this spot ? 
< PROPFEMALE > great mood . text < PROPFEMALE > , 618.541.6831 
shower tiiiime <3 
i'm not gunna wait forever . COMIT ! 
brookes staying overr . 
cuz i cannot do it on my own , you're what i need and i need to be right by your side . 
hada verryy nice weekend ! <3 
everything i said and did wasn't just deceiving <3 
you make me wanna LALA ! <3 
EXHAUSTED . goodnight . 
Going to U of I for the weekend . Good luck Poms <3 
crazyyyy day . exhausted . 
head acccche ! text mee <3 
call me mr. facebook , i can make your grades dropp . 
this saturday is weeeeeak . 
trust is like a mirror , you can fix it if its broke . but you can still see the crack in the reflection . <3 
All around me are familiar faces , worn out places , worn out faces . 
< PROPFIRST > Radke from Escape the Fate is the most gorgeous guy on Earth (: <3 
SPRiNG BREAK 
Happy easter (: 
It gets me how nothing gets me or gets to me . 
Borred . Hit me upp . 
Sundayyy/ : 
Text < PROPFEMALE > , 618.541.6831 
walk with me , talk with me . 
I find it kinda funny , I find it kinda sad ; the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had . 
Tell me things you dont even tell your closest friends . 
today was a good day , tomorrow will be better (: 
And the morning will come , in the press of every kiss , with your head upon my chest . 
I know that i've got issues , but you're pretty messed up too . 
tell me i'm special even when i know i'm not . 
Maybe its just me , but couldnt you believe that everything i said and did wasnt just decieving . 
Maybe its just me , but couldnt you believe that everything i said and did wasnt just deceiving ? 
I think I made it a game to play your game . 
does ANYONE have an extra at&t phone that you would be willing to let me borrow ? i'm in desperate need of one .. my phone fell in water last night ): 
new phone , same number . buttt , i lost all of my contacts .. so text me with your name please (: 
I hate waking up from a nap in a horrible mood . don't even wanna be on here .. goodbye 
Six flagggs :) 
sister's graduation partyy . 
anyone have C lunch tomorrow ? 
FiNALS /: 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky like shooting stars , i could really use a wish right now . 
It seems like i can finally rest my head somethin real , i like the way that feels . 
lets do something . 
dying my hairrrrr . 
Every second i'm without you , i'm a mess . 
Geeeeeked 
Text meeeee . 618-541-6831 
SWiMMiNN ! <3 
SiX FLAGS ! o h b a b y (: 
Actions speak louder than words .. 
I am suuuuch a good actress . 
Without it all i'm choking on nothing . It's clear in my head i'm screaming for something . Knowing nothing is better than knowing it all . 
Days seem like years . 
rockstar * LiFE , rockstar NiGHT . and in the p i t is how a rockstar FiGHT . 
He's a wolf in disguise , but i can't stop staring in those evil eyes . 
I just l o v e being stared at * 
This time baby , i'll be bullet p r o o f . 
happy 4th ! ( : hit me uppp 
I throw my hands up in the air sometimes . sayin ayy-ohh , gotta let go <3 
iloveyouu <3 
like my status , i'll tell you my honest first impression of you (; 
Addicted to success . 
Every second I'm without you , I'm a m e s s <3 
Carlyle with < PROPFIRST > aND brittt * 
Lets do something F U N tonight (: 
S[he ] Be[lie]ve[d ] . 
LETS D0 S0METHiiiNG * (: 
* Never will I give up trying , cause you're everything to me <3 
ugggh .. bad night . i'm bored , lets talk ? 
I just joined Stickam.com! Come view my LIVE stream at http://stickam.com/dklein2012 
* I'm FAR from L0NLEY , and iit's all that I'VE G0T <3 
Inception tonight ? ohhh yeahhh (: 
giirls night with my brooke (: 
can't sleeeep .. again . sware i'm an insomniac . /: 
borrred , text me 
Going to Delmar (: <3 
Today is the hottest its been in three years ! : 0 
1 . smith \ 
2 . segs \ 
3 . ladwig \ 
4 . a lunch carr studay hall \ 
5 . goode \ 
6 . haldaman \ 
7 . < PROPFIRST > \ 
we have any classes ? ( : 
dying my haiirrr ! ( : 
can't wait till homecoming * 
I love The Nanny :) 
So here I am , alive at last . And I'll savor every moment of thiss 
\Brogesmutlind\ " - < PROPFIRST > banuelos " 
can't go to school tomorrow , see you friday though ! ( : 
Pointfest anyone ? ( : 
friiiiidayyyyy ! ( : 
borrred .. textt me . 
n e v e r care what anyone thiinks of Y0U * 
just woke up from the most awful dream . 
It's something unpredictable , but in the end it's right . I hope you had the time of your life . 
It's time you know who's B O S S ! ( : 
* oh i'm s o r r y , ii only exist when you need something . 
i was just going through old messages on here , verry funny . haaa 
I'm losing my voice . Awesome . 
DANCE * iN t h e RAiiN 
i think i might rip out my ovaries .. they put me through sooooo much pain every month ! ) : 
If it makes you happy , then why the hell are you so sad ? 
awwfulll mood ): text me . 
you think you're hot and all the boys like you . < PROPFEMALE > , you're just easy (: 
tell me something . 
The truth never set me f r e e . So I'll do it myself * 
BELiiEVE iN m e * 
I love you (: 
Lend me your eyes so i can see what you see . But keep your soul totally free . <3 
don't worry , be happy (: 
In the endlessness that you fear , may you find some comfort here . 
hey b a b y , i'ma ROCkStAR * 
when you smile , the whole world stops and stares for awhile . you're amazing just the way you are <3 
Do I think I'm better then the rest ? Haa , I'm the best . 
damaged people are dangerous , because they know they can survive . <3 
TEEN MOM marathon <3 
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else , because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate (: 
You don't lose by loving ; you lose by holding back . <3 
i like it on the floor next to a bed (: 
What I would like is ; a little less of THEM and a little more of WE * 
SiX FLAGS <3 
don't judge me tomorrow for the way i'm acting today . 
i want to dye my hair something , different , for my birthday . might be a surprise for everyone (: 
POPS <3 
Suicide Silence KILLED last night (: 
like my status and i'll tell you my best memory of youu (: 
great weekend , three day weeeek (: 
You may say that I'm a dreamer ; but I am not the only one . 
We're a broken people living under loaded gun . 
i'm the WORST decision maker . 
I haven't changed . I'm just growing up . 
I found a reason to show a side of me you didn't know , a reason to start over new . And the reason is you <3 
For what it's worth , it was worth all the while . 
It's not that you don't like who i am , but who i might become ? trust me , i'll be something great ; you'll see . 
I want you to know , with EVERYTHING I won't let this go . 
Everything's nothing without you <3 
Limitations exist only in our minds . But if we use our imaginations , our possibilities become limitless . 
Sometimes i get so weird , i even freak myself out . I laugh mself to sleep , it's my lullaby . 
Love me when I least deserve it , cause thats when i need it most <3 
I'm selfish , impatient and a little insecure . I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst , then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . 
and I know one day you and I will be free , to live and die by our own rules . 
PRETTY WOMAN <3 
we must be the change we want to see . 
Fear is the heart of love . 
like my status and i'll tell you whuddupp (: 
So ridiculously tired . 
WORST day ever . 
Poppin bottles in the ice , like a blizzard . When we drink we do it right , gettin slizzard . sippin sizzurp in my ride , like three 6 . 
The party don't start till i walk in . 
Birfdaay (: 
tonight we're goin hard , just like the world is ours . we're tearin it apart . 
neww hairrr (: 
So raise your glass if you're wrong in all the right ways . 
We can live like < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > if we want . 
I don't have enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel . 
Imperfection is beauty , madness is genius , and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring . 
i'll do the < PROPFIRST > thiing 
#656 i don't really know you . ha , sorryy 
#111 you have to be one of the funniest people i've ever met . so many hilarious memories . i miss youuu . lets kick it soooon (: 
#156 don't apologize . i understand . i have also always gained a lot by talking to you as much as we use to . i found a lot of things out about myself through talking to you . i , too , still have those in a drawer in my room . through everything , thank you . stay the way you are , don't let anyone get in the way of your dreams . 
#420 haha , you have been there for me through everything . we've been < PROPFEMALE > close for so long . you are one of the mentally strongest people i know . i love that i can act completely like myself around you , and that you bring out my weird side . no matter what happens to us , it always comes down to me and you in the end . you have been , and are my best friend , sister , family . do you , always . i love you booo <3 
#1818 we go wayyyyyyyyyyy wayyy back . like , pre-school ? so far . there are so many memories i have with you . but i miss you TONS . i think its time to make some more memories ? definitely . loveyouuuu . 
#24 p.e was funn with youu . even though i really SUCK at volleyball , ahaa . i dont know if this is true , but i remember a while ago when one of my bestfriends was dating one of your friends and you were with him , and i was with my friend , and my friend's boyfriend asked me for my number cuz you wanted it ..? haha , its cool though . i don't really know you that wellll . but you seem like a pretty cool person . 
#1 you make me lauggghhh . i think you're a good person . stay that way , hombre . hahaha 
hello there , the angel from my nightmare . 
Only when we've lost everything are we free to do anything . 
The snow falls in silence , can only hear you breathing . 
It could be like we never knew each other at all . 
I've seen love die way too many times when it deserves to be alive . 
Christmas parrty at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ' s (: 
Second chances never matter , people never change . Once a whore you're nothing more , i'm sorry that'll never change . 
psychology and chemistry finals tomorrow , then i'm DONE (: 
DUBSTEP <3 
In OHIO 
SiiiiiCK ): 
dream as if you'll live forever , live as if you'll die today . 
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . It is our light , not our darkness , that most frightens us . We ask ourselves , who am i to be brilliant , gorgeous , talented and fabulous ? Actually , who are you not to be ? 
Don’t ask what the world needs . Ask what makes you come alive , and go do it . Because what the world needs is people who have come alive . 
If you had a job , and you got paid a < PROPFEMALE > on the first day , two pennies on the second day , four pennies on the third day and kept going on like this-doubling the pennies everyday for a month .. How much money would you have on the last day at the end of the month ? The answer is over ten million dollars .. $ 10,737,418 . 24 
don't gotta care in the world . 
To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . 
Don't just be simply good . Be good for something . 
thinking about graduating early next year . yay/nay ? 
I GOT A NEW PUPPY ! ( : 
please snow very hard , and make us all have a snow day . thanks . 
my weakness : i care too much . 
you're not the only one refusing to back down , so get up . 
earphones in , volume up & ignore the world <3 
Without music life would be a mistake 
SPADES <3 
think we'll have school tomorrow ? 
there's just no one that gets me like you do <3 
Music is what feelings sound like . 
Sublime <3 
I say never be complete , i say stop being perfect , i say lets evolve , let the chips fall where they may . -FIGHT CLUB <3 
to walk between the lines would make my life so boring . i wanna know i've felt the extremes . 
STEPBROTHERS (: 
please don't make me go to school tomorrow 
Red Lobster <3 
it makes sense if you don't think about it . 
talk is cheap . show me instead . 
dying my hairrrr 
Are you sick of everyone arounnd ? With their big fake smiles and stupid lies 
I like to listen . 
I don't wanna waste my time becoming another another casualty of society . 
Oh , hello there beautiful day (: 
Ice skatiiing (: 
on facebook at best buy .. haha , wow .. 
Why's it so impossible for me to sleep ? I suuck at sleeping .. 
couldn't fall asleep last night , not even for a minute . no sleep .. now school . awesomeee .. 
You're original . Cannot be replaced 
 ? Ewxplosion outside of mascoutah pizza hut ?! I was eating .. Now there are cops and firetrucks everywhere , talking to us about what happened . but they dont 
 ?  know what happened or where it came from .. Wtff !!!? 
live life . regret nothing . 
tell me something interesting . i wanna listen . 
draw ? or nap ? hmmm .. 
Now days all the songs on the radio all drive me crazy 
ok , can i havea little goose in my OJ ? Everyday feels like my brithday , and we sip champagne when we thirsayyy * 
Lovvvve te hiccups 
