To my beautiful wife . I loved taking care of you after your surgery . I'm glad the surgery seems successful and you are feeling better . I will see you in the morning and will be ready to spoil you more . I love you with all my heart 

I hope no one checks in on me . I'm going to sleep whether the bosses like it or not . got to be rested so i can have a nice day with my family 
Looks like another long night at work with nothing to do . Maybe some day we will be off this site . 
I have to get off night shift . it's killing me my girls are upset that i'm not home to play with them and tuck them in anymore 
Spent most of the day with Livi . Enjoyed the day greatly . Feel bad that we have to take her back to the dentist friday to get a tooth fixed . She'll be fine though . they are going to gas her 
Finally ! I have been giving something to do at work besides sitting in a parked truck . going to take the long way driving tonight 
Had the weekend off . Work gave me day shift back so I won't have to get them phone calls from the girls missing me at night . All the boss wants from me is to drywall his daughters new house he's building for her wedding present . 
Don't worry about your problems . Think of a reasonable solution 
What a day . Definitely found a new hurt . Got smacked in the face at work with a hose and had to get 4 stitches in side of my nose . Any ideas of piercing my nose are definitely not an option . 
Day shift was fun while it lasted . Back on Nights again . We need more night guys , they scheduled me 84 hours this week . WTF 
I've never seen more monkeys trying to fuck a football then i have tonight . A bunch of old farts sprinting to load water then drive 20miles an hour . there is definitely something in the water . The trees are better damn company . 
I just got in trouble for not wearing a hard hat while i loaded water . you know H20 . Fire me my head got wet 
Beautiful day in the mountains . Hot sun , blue skies with a couple little clouds . Probably should be sleeping but no figure that later 
work is very boring tonight . they sent me to run for the other gas company tonight cause my normal company is having lots of trouble with there wells collapsing internally . oh well that got me off tomorrow night . 
Its 2am and getting ready to get my last load , then its my day offand that will be spent working at the house . hopefully I won't be to tired to get it all done . these 12hour nights are getting long . 
It is going to be a good night at work . LOL . I won't be there . Spending the night with my family :) 
At the dentist with Livi again . She is so good about it . Oh yeah , thanks sweetie for getting the day right this time . Lol 
I think tomorrow I will go and talk to another company about a job . I might be able to get dayshift and 4 bucks an hour more . I don't hate the co . i'm with but they just don't seem to pay to good 
2 hours until showtime . Nadya has 5 different costume changes this year for the dance recital and < PROPFEMALE > will be making her debut . Missed the rehearsal cause of stupid work , but not today . This is going to rock . Try and get some pics for everyone to see . 
Dance is over for the year . < PROPFEMALE > , you are so cute . I can't believe how big you are getting . I am so proud of of you . Nadya , Every year you keep getting better . Thank you for giving it your all . At the end of the year it makes it all worth it . You girls are beautiful . 
Will visiting Bucks County this weekend . Going to be catching up with some friends and what ever else crosses my path . 
< PROPFEMALE > graduated today from pre-school . I can't believe it . It doesn't seem that long ago she was still in her crib . I love you little girl . you will always be my little girl . 
Thank you for the wonderful weekend . Thanks to some old friends , just catching up on old times . A special thank you to Nadya for the phone call :) And to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , you both made this a very special weekend for me . Mom and Dad , thanks for putting up with me and my family . I love you all . 
has been watching many friends getting engaged and married recently . Congratulations to all of you . All ways remember why your were brought together and keep building and growing together . Best of wishes to all of you . 
Just took a look at the HBO site on Gasland . Very different opinions . Check it out . One guy said they drill thousands of feet below our drinking water and put casing in to protect the water . I know for a fact , I seen it myself , Gas bubbling and leaking out of the ground around the so called protective casing 
DEAR LORD , THIS YEAR YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE ACTOR , < PROPFIRST > SWAYZIE . YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE ACTRESS , < PROPFEMALE > FAWCETT . YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE SINGER , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW , MY FAVORITE PRESIDENT IS BARACK OBAMA . AMEN 
Tomorrow this time I will Have Livi with me on the way to Bucks county to spend the night with my adopted dad . Then up early Friday and to the airport for Florida . Will have both of my girls then for a nice vaca in the sun . 
Let < PROPFEMALE > help pack for Florida . Could only fit a quarter of what she wanted . Hope she doesn't remember what it all ways or she might be PO when we get there . 
Will be in FLA with my daughters this time tomorrow . Can't wait to see you Nadya . 
All went well today . Got up at 5 , Made it to the airport and through security . Landed in Tampa early and spent they entire time since then shopping and swimming with my girls . 
Has been enjoying plenty of quality time with my girls . Weather has only been so-so but tomorrow will be taking them to the outlet stores for some spoiling . Its been a great time and want to get some things to remember this little vaca in FLA . 
Took the girls shopping . Spoiled them a little . Grabbed a nice lunch and was going to finish the day at the pool . Instead I guess we will watch it rain . Tomorrow should be better and will try and get to the beach before its time to go home on Wednesday 
At the airport getting ready to head home . Of course today is the sunniest day of the rest . what great quality time with Nadya and < PROPFEMALE > . 
If tomorrow becomes today . Why put anything off . Everything gets done today in the end . 
Today will be the last day of this road . Tomorrow will start a new road . Sometimes you need to take step back to move ahead . I've been on tomorrows road before . Wonder where it takes me this time :) 
The first step is done . It was hard to leave my family behind , but that will just motivate me to get to work on moving them back down with me quickly . 8:00 AM tomorrow will be starting with < PROPMALE>'s Towing . 
Work went well today . It was nice to not see any dirt roads for a change . Very nice to get back in the business . 
Not to be rude , but yesterday I commented how nice it was not to see a dirt road . But WTF , I have been sent right back to the area I just moved from tomorrow . Oh well 
Completed my 4th day at < PROPMALE>'s . Already logged 1500 < PROPMALE > and loving it . Best part , on the 5th day I'm getting promoted with a raise . Work is going great :) 
To any one that might of been walking in Philly today . Sorry , but yes the sidewalks are for me to . Yes I am bigger and have the attitude that you'll move . I did request they send the small truck in next time but I doubt it . Where's the fun in that !!! 
What Type of Tattoo Should You Get ? -- My Result : \Bring out the animal in you\ " - Animal Tattoo . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/77101/referrals/status?aid=100000740136229 " 
What Grateful Dead song are you ? -- My Result : Sugar < PROPFEMALE > . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/8530/referrals/status?aid=100000740136229 
