\Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm . \ " well shit this is hard and to think i would be able to over come this lose of enthusiasm i have had since may but owell new year same shit " 

kinda wants waffle house ! any one want to go ??? o i got to drive my honda today for the first time in 2 weeks and i left two 12 foot burnout marks on the street YAYAYAYA for that kinda power 
bored bored bored 
car dont run cuz i dont have the right fucking tool to remove one bolt and im about to go insane but at least MJ is fucking died like he sould have been along time ago 
so bored txt it and we will do something ????? 
is gone after 230ish 
movie angels and demons at 720 at Tempe cinemas txt me if you want to go 
bored hit me up 
i found the biggest < PROPFIRST > pin ever in my apt last night/ this morning haha 
spent 5+ hours cleaning my car today now thats time well spent 
Fixed the radio now just got to fix the ac then the B20/B12 engine swap with turbo < PROPFEMALE > 1-2 inch lowering < PROPFEMALE > 
today sucks , had plans but they got dismissed :( owell figures going to go do something stupid crazy and reckless maybe that will cheer me up 
thx < PROPMALE > for being the first person to text me in 5 days who wasnt a fucking comptuer msg 
kinda bummed needs someone to talk to ? 
bored so fricken bored 
sucks when plans change but still going fishing yayaya look out fish i will eat you 
movie tonight im going you should come txt me im going to the tempe cinemas sometime after 7ish ok ? 
broken car , bummed heart , feel like shit , probably dieing of some really bad form of cancer , need a really good hug now but hey its life , same shit diffrent day right ?? going to go sleep really need it 
could have been in Iraq by now :( 
EEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSYYYYYY !!!!!! day hahaha 
saw an old friend today :) and that was probably the highlight of my day now to go watch the stupid tv and eat crap till sleep time O YAYAY 
Final a sport worth watching haha GO LFL !!!! 
as i sit in my car blareing AFI i am reminded of a girl i once knew and it makes me tear up being reminded of a simplier time that feels like a life time ago , a time of wondering the mall with the goths drinking Bawls and laying under the stars :( 
the youth serve a-thon on oct . 24 is coming along nicely , so to all you st matts kids you better show up cuz last time i heard our < PROPFIRST > were like 12(which included adults ? ) and really ?? we are alot bigger then 8ish kids so step it up a notch 
chloroform perfume and the < PROPMALE > crown vs . blue duchess , good songs from a great band and i can only think of two people who know who im talking about 
YAYAYA for mental break downs that lead to a few hours you cant remember and wakeing up to a completly trashed room wondering what the hell happened 
ha YAYAY < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is coming here to the clubhouse on my bday fuck ya im going 
ugh im getting two free SUNS tickets to one of those games , memphis 11/25 , oklahoma 12/23 , milwaukee 1/11 and i cant pick and i need some one to go with , any one want to go ?? 
yaya got my suns tickets and found out that i can get auto insurance for 95 a month thou USAA instead of 180 thou allstate 
Friend FAQ question , i would look DAMN GOOD in a mini skirt ok haha 
could have been in Iraq or Afghanistan right now !! but no im here in arizona 
just spent 5 hours cleaning up the garage and now i want to shoot someone cuz its still not clean !!!! i have to much crap 
yaya GO SUNS , game tonight against the memphis grizzzles 
save me !!!! 
another lonely boreing night ugh and this werid feeling in my gut that says \tonight isnt a good night to be watching stupid tv with liquid bread in a dark room\ " owell " 
FUCK PRO RANCH MARKET and the dumbass dirty people that work/shop there , my phone got stolen and now i need every ones number again so please txt me with your name 480-748-1904 
hey i need your number again cuz i got a new phone :( and i dont have it , same number thou 
i need your number 
i hate shops they quoted my 1500 for bushings/axles and i did it for 375 for ever thing they said was wrong plus a little extra something something for me , thats like a 400% < PROPFIRST > up BULL SHIT hahaha go me 
fuck kalil 
bored as shit , sundays sucks , txt me and we will do something but for now i got to work out nothing under 200 lbs today :) 
one more week and then my crazy 2200 mile trip to texas and new mexico and back in 5 days yayaya you all need to pray for me that i make it out of texas alive lol 
haha i got < PROPFEMALE > garden today and redbull picked up the tab 
almost done with my car crap ........... for today 
is in new mexico right now and its 35 hahaha 
to those two people who txted me at 12 , why the hell are you up ????? 
yaya im going on a 10 hour drive back home txt me so i dont go insane cuz my dads car audio sucks and i can hear my self think 
anyone got anyting sweet planned for new years < PROPFEMALE > ??? 
got to get a new place moving soon , any ideas ?? 
You mistakes do not define you and tell you who your not , you got to live this life your given like its the only one your not 
new email address mkreitinger@ymail.com 
i will most definatly kill someone vary soon , time to go crawl into a dark corner and stuff my emoitions down a hole and deal with them another time 
gave the < PROPMALE > guy crap yesturday for his product then he called me < PROPFIRST > munster lol havent heard that in ages lol 
maybe just found a new place to live that doesnt feel like an apt but more like a home 
im buying my monster jam tickets tomorrow so you should come with me so im not alone :) 
has an extra ticket to MONSTER JAM !!!! any one want to go ???? 
ouch now its just a waiting game till the end of the year :( 
Does anyone like AFI cuz i have an extra ticket to the concert this weekend and need someone to go with me 
AFI TOMORROW !!!!!! i still have an extra ticket , come on anyone ?? 
bored bored bored , just retinted my car so now i have nothing els today txt it and we shall go to a movie or food or something ..... idk 
yaya i just got my new netbook so i have interent now !!!!!! 
yaya casa grande tomorrow morning !!!!!! boring ugh , talked to a girl about being a < PROPMALE > youth group leader and it sounds fun thx < PROPFEMALE > 
hookah ?? myplace or a tuts ??? anyone ? im bored 
feeling up for a cup of < PROPFIRST > or tea or smoothie ?!?! any one els want to go ? 
anyone want to be a sound tech at the 1030 serivce at saint matts ???? its easy and fun just hit me up 
o snap i got pulled over going from maricopa to casagrande doing 67 in a 40 and no ticket !!! good thing i have USAA and the police officer who pulled me over know what USAA was lol but got to give props to my brothers in law inforcement 
damn that bratwurst and krut and a ice cold beer hit the spot , there is nothing better ...... food wise ! 
yaya finally fixed my ac in my car lol 
new place in 3 days !!! 
wish i was at the NHRA races this weekend but no i got work 
any artists out there ??? i need/want someone to draw me a new tattoo , let me know 
got nothing planned today maybe a drive ?? tucson ?? pine ?? 
getting my new place today !!! 
pics of my new place are up ..... will post more once i get it decorated !!! 
YAYAY i feel shit loads bettter now that i got rid of a bunch of jos crap she gave back 
NEW RB can pics up , see it before anyone els does !!!! and the 6 Pack IS BACK YO 
Go < PROPFIRST > Vonn plus shes got one of the best damn sponsers EVER !!! REDBULL . 
almost used the whole damn bottle of bleach but now my apt is clean so i can get my deposit back but now i might want to lay down lol 
bored save me 
ugh people talking about religion seem to go in frickin circles , you both believe THE SAME DAMN THING !!!! just have a slightly diffrent way of getting there 
wow crazy last few days 
get to train the new guy all next week 
get some great ideas for how to decrote my new apt but now i feel like women so i will go watch some sports drink a beer and scratch my self and be a man again haha 
the CCFA guy called today for Team Challenge , i really hope i can do this cuz it would be Bad-A haha :) 
so i just read about a Mississippi lesbian student who was banned from there senior prom cuz she wanted to wear a tux and bring her gf and then on top of that they cancelled the prom all together and now the whole town is mad at her , that is fucking bullshit , they all need to grow up its 2010 not 1950 
almost got all the furniture built just got to < PROPFEMALE > some shit tomorrow and got nothing to do cuz my class gots postponed till next sunday ugh 
screw the new safeway sets BOOO they are too pepsi heavy and where did my 8.4 oz go ?!?!?!?!?!!? 
got some extra cash .... for once ha need something todo tomorrow after 1 !!! last meeting for book 1 YAYAYA o and were havin another kinda devo on peace this thursday at 7 and YOU SHOULD COME !!!!! 
Havin a little devo thingy on peace this thursday at the bahai center(on the SE cornor of rual and spence just north of broadway and south of university ) at 7 pm and you should come !!!! its bassiclly a bunch of smart people(excluding me ha ) talking about peace . Its alot of FUNNNNN 
Havin a little devo thingy on peace this thursday at the bahai center(on the SE cornor of rual and spence just north of broadway and south of university ) at 7 pm and you should come !!!! its bassiclly a bunch of smart people(excluding me ha ) talking about peace . Its alot of FUNNNNN so come !!!!! 
omg so excited , starting book 5 on top of doing book 2 plus im doing the snoma half marathon for team challenge to help the crohns and colitis foundation of < PROPFEMALE > , more info to come SOON !!!! 
Donate today its as easy as PIE !!!! and you will automatically receive a confirmation email with tax deduction information . just click the link !!!!! please repost this into your status http://www.active.com/donate/napa10phoenix/napa10MKreiti 
HEY you should be the first to donate !!!!!! http://www.active.com/donate/napa10phoenix/napa10MKreiti 
Shit ugh i dipped owell 
been a vendor for over a year now and now im just now finding out foodcity has some bomb food haha 
I think i just saw < PROPFIRST > Haha fricken sweet 
ha go buy/rent/whatever < PROPMALE > and the chipmunks the sequel , its a fantastic movie 
wow the steam room raped me lol just 30 < PROPFEMALE > today 
I promise to depart just promise one thing , kiss my eyes and lay me to sleep 
so im a grand knight you learn something new every day ha go look http://www.kc1515.org/officers.html 
I believe i love who im becoming :) Tonight was GREAT !!!! 
got my bada new phone today 
ya for giving up ! and plus I get to have my last sat in casa grande in peace 
18 damn stops today from casa grande to maricopa to mesa to AJ ugh 
did you know you can get a ticket for haven something hanging from your rearview mirror ? 
seeing iron man 2 for free ! plus free popcorn and soda and free goodies !!!!!!!! all for haven an auto insurance policy I don't have any more lol 
P90X YAYAYA !!! Feel great want more !!!! 
have you ever walked by an old < PROPFEMALE > out spot and started to envision all the memories that took place there ? its nice till you realize that they will never happen again and you wish you would have charished them better while they were happen ' 
had a vary long day , had fun at the < PROPMALE > youth group gathering today and the grad party but I really want to do something else anyone up for mini golf ? dinner ? a cheap movie ? txt it !!! volleyball tomorrow 
ugh my ac went out again in my apt 
omg I might get my promotion even sooner then I thought !!!!! keep on praying 
what a lazy ass day 
ok beard or no beard ? please comment 
holy fucking shit there is 90% < PROPMALE > I will be promoted in two weeks which means I won't be able to go to vacation 
all work and no play today this sucks , anyone got anything going down tonight cuz im bored 
bones and booth can leave each other :( this sucks 
swimming alone just plain sucks lol 
I just got the best phone call ever ...... I just got promoted so im going out to eat tonight so you all should come txt me and make it happen 
Well sometimes the path in life you hope too take isn't the one you are spouse too :( but that is life and cuz of this my question has been answered hoorah 
Fuck first i didnt get the promotion cuz of two damn tickets second the only reason i pay extra for my cell phone a month is so i can check my email for work crap on the go third my car just died in the FUCKING middle the god damn road !!!! And all in 24 hours !!! What the fuck is next ??!?!?!?!!? cancer ??? death is something i would actually welcome right now 
Fuck first I don't get the promotion second the main reason I got my cell phone just broke today third my fucking car just fucking died on me !!! What's next ?!?! 
well i seem to have got the electrical system fixed which is no walk in the park now just got to fix my phone and the job problem and i will be good , dont work tomorrow so lets do something like mini golf hit me up yo 
Ugh too much on my mind , need to vent soon 
i have mastered the < PROPMALE > OS but really fuck < PROPMALE > go windows 7 and xp and 2000 and pro and 97 but not vista and maybe ubounto(which really never took off ) 
yayaya i leave in less then 24 hrs for my vacation ?!?!?!?!!?! 
in cali and the people here need to SLOW THE FUCK DOWN !!!!! really !!! 
anyone got skype ??? 
vacations stink .......... everytime i go on one i relize that being single sucks 
Fuck family vacations , I live on my own , I make my own money , im independent from my parents , I have been thou more shit then most and in my book that doesn't m 
ake you a boy , so stop calling me ONE !!!!! \\r\\n 
boo ya kayak 13-14 < PROPMALE > yesturday in about 3 1/2 hr and did a 10.5 mile hike this morning after haven the best damn buffalo burger ever , I WIN !! 
had to show these local stoners how we sack it up on the main land lol 
Kinds feels like going out for lunch or dinner , any one want to join me on these lazy sat ? no internet so txt it 
Feels like going fishing and to big surf or sunsplash SOON !! any one game ?? 
have tomorrow morning and afternoon off but i NEED something to do to kill the time !!! any ideas ?? 
well i built a badass work bench today and some shelfs that suspend from the ceiling !?!?!?! what did you do ? 
ugh my tranny blow and now im carless which would be so bad IF MY JOB DIDNT REQUIRE ME TO DRIVE MY OWN CAR !!!! o and if i actually had money to put down for a new one ........... so please pray , it feels like my life is about to be turned up side down AGAIN 
i dont assume so you dont assume anything , and the world will work a little better 
bk7 almost done 
didnt know its my moms 50 bday today hahaha but i made up for it by taking the family out for dinner at PF changs 
the beard is coming in nice :) 
good games tonight 2 out of 3 not bad , GO TEAM !!!!!! (we need to clean it up abit thou haha ) 
had a fantistic conv with a new/really good friend today over smoothies 
GREAT DEVO !!!!!!!!!! tonight , did a little danceing so be very happy alex !! (not to many people can manage that :) 
ugh going from not haven any time to sleep the last 2 weeks to haven way too much free time today sucks hard core :( 
WANTED : Good Women , Must be able to clean , cook , sew , dig worms and clean fish . Must have fishing boat . Please send pisture of boat . lol best sign i have seen in years 
i plan on going fishing early wensday morning if any one wants to join me !!! ( i have the poles and bait so you just have to bring you ) 
ugh no damn fair , the gear in my reel is broke so i have to buy a new one but i cant till tomorrow :( so i only have one pole for tomorrow morning 
good lord just walked out on my porch to do some lundray and found 2 !!!! dead doves , scared the shit out of me ha and its probably not a good sign ??? 
Well i think i just proved that i will do any dare/bet that comes my way tonight lol kt you missed it ha but just think back to new orleans 
i feel vary discombobulated right now and i dont like it :( 
there i changed my profile pic so now you all need to go comment it so i dont change it back !!!! haha 
new pics plus some from my vacation to cataliana 
good ish day today meet more new people !!! :) Q is going to be a fantastic jyg guy , but sadly my vegan is leaving :( 
What's going down for today ? Anything ? 
BLC reminds me of bacon lettuce and cheese :) YUMMY ! 
bored again and i have the day off whats up ?? 
so if you have skype lets have an awkward conversation !!!! YAYAYAYA 
O man just ran out of sauerkraut :( good thing im not at my house haha 
Ugh I really want frozen yogurt ! 
Can you do CPR ?... No I can't even spell CPR !.. lol 
Ugh that's it just ugh 
so if i blow up on you in the next few days dont take it personaly , its just i havent had any music(country ) to sing to in the last 3 weeks while i drive and if i space out its cuz im trying to not blow up on you !!! 
Gimme the girl thats beautiful , \ 
without a trace of makeup of on , \ 
barefoot in the kitchen , \ 
singing her favorite song . \ 
Dancing around like a fool , \ 
starring in her own little show , \ 
gimme the girl the rest of the world , \ 
ain't lucky enough to know . 
just tried durian and its not that bad once you get past the smell !!!! 
Sports are boring and a complete waste of time !!!!! 
damn im in a rut mentaly like back in 05 so this is bad but atleast this time i am able to see it , maybe if i talk about my past to some one who doesnt know it that may help ?? 
awww the < PROPFEMALE > d wont stop working even for a < PROPFEMALE > just to collect my thoughts and sort them , i think i need to sit on my throne and atleast try haha 
had a 34 < PROPFEMALE > conv with an old friend today which hasnt happened in over 1 1/2 years :) o and got some of the planning i needed to get done by umm yesturday lol 
Ugh my reset just got canceled now me need something to do ! Call or txt me and lets do it !!!!! 
OMG sophies world by jostein gaarder is FAN-FRECKIN-TASTIC !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \Philosophy was not something you can learn ; but perhaps you can learn to think philosophically \"" 
I have had a sudden realization of what i am ...... A steel driving man ! 
TRAMPOLEAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Good night made some damn good food then went out to potencialy strong JY areas and praying then watched a indian movie till 1 lol , i always say you have to try something atleast 1-4 times ha 
good meeting and i found out its not worth burning your palm/wrist/forearm to the point were blisters form and you cant move your hand just for a $9 pot hahaha lesson lived not lesson learned lol 
you me and some babes sould go camping !!!! i gots the pop up or tent so all we really need is food !! i cant take the weekend off too !! 
awwwwww NILE IS COMEING TO MESA !!!!!!!!!! nov 17 someone should take me for my birthday !!! < PROPFEMALE > ??? 
go check out my TWIN !!!! hahaha no but he is actually blood not just marriage http://www.facebook.com/michael.kreitinger 
Ugh I have the next two days off , anyone need anything done ? Or want to do something ? 
had a persian date today tasted good kinda like a well aged < PROPFEMALE > , and a good meeting , now i cant sleep !!!! 
OMG OMG OMG OMG SOCIAL D IS COMING TO TOWN 1 DAY BEFORE MY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYYAYAYAYAAYYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYYAYAYAYYAYAYYAYYA 
so jy group was good today kinda diffrent from normally cuz the < PROPFEMALE > factor was gone but all other things considered it was great 
\You know what your problem is ?..... I'm too good looking ! \ " lol " 
just ran around in the rain for along time with seppy and < PROPFIRST > and her JYG , these kinda things need to happen more often lol 
so clubhouse or sinbad ?? hard to make up my mind but you should come ya !! 
\Do your little bit of good where you are ; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world . \ " that puts me in a better mood ha " 
If I knew what I was doing I would be doing it right now 
What kind of music do the kids of today listen too ?!?!?!?! 
Prays please my grandmother broke her shoulder and they are moving today to come live in az 
T-minus 9 hrs and counting till area-51 aka roswell , New Mexico !!!!! ugh way too stressed out man !!!! 
ugh now sleep for 5 hours then get up and drive back to mesa which is fine cuz its for family but i got to much to finish planning in one damn day for the end of the week events cuz im going to be driving ALL day tues 
ya headed out and will get lunch in las cruses ( or how ever you spell it lol ) 
Az !!!!!!!! 
Aww shoot you in the face urgh 
ight in the last 30 hours i have drove over 1100 < PROPMALE > with 6 hours of sleep now its time for like 10 hours of sleep haha 
\Communicate unto the other person that which you would want him to communicate unto you if your positions were reversed . \ " \ 
Omg some how my hot chai turned into hot coca ....... Weird !!!! Kinda scared 
Just had an unexpected phone call that was kinda nice ha , helps to drain that boiling pot of water 
Omg frys just played some street light !! Don't look at me funny cuz my jammin to some good tunes lol 
aw crap i just built the route im running tomorrow and now im like really sad cuz i remember half these stores are a pain in my ass just to get too !!! so if i could get like a million hugs tomorrow at the summit that would be like super kool !!!! :)) 
I thought that I have eaten some really gross stuff in my day but today I ate at < PROPMALE>'s and that topped the list ! How depressing 
Hey so how much money do you need to be \rich\ " ??? answer truthfuly " 
Ugh I hate going to the doctor ! Other then they have actually saved my life three different times I hate it 
ran into < PROPMALE > and the group tonight lol kinda convinced that < PROPMALE > no longer dislikes me haha 
just wore sandles out side in public hahha ........... who am i ?? 
Haha omg one of my Safeway receivers just tried to set me up on a date !!! This is truely fantastic !! But sadly I was too young , this is my curse ... Looking olde 
Omg daves sermon is titled \whats in your backpack ? \ " that was so my easter sermon talk 2 years ago !!! I know at least one person should remember it ! :) " 
WOW , thats it , WOW , its a good wow !!!!! citrus mint is good thou :) 
yayaya its fun to find out when you over spend and go over your budget !!!!! but i dont care ha had fun doing it 
Q : Why is justice so essential in a decision-making process that seeks to build unity rather then to impose a set of ideas by one group on others through contentious negotiation ? \ 
\ 
A : ummmmmmmmmmmm ...... 
i have to work sunday :( but i get more hours :) but i have to drive all the way to surprise :( but i can rack up alot of miles(not taxed ) :) its only 6 stores :) might miss bk2(if it happens ) :( ...... kinda split down the middle here ha 
aww man my bk1 was postponed today cuz only one person could make it :( :( but i found my old girl pants and some how they still fit lol pics to come soon cuz thats the way i roll 
OMG OMG OMG my baby is coming home sooner then i thought !!!!!! 
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars , but check when you say the paint is wet ? 
Isn't Disney World just a people's trap operated by a mouse ? 
el mirage is not a place i would like to drive thou at 3 in the morning again , i would rather wear red in east LA 
sometimes i just hate math !!!! like now i just found out its going to be 1 year and 3 months before my last ticket falls off my driving record and im able to get my promotion !!!!! YAYA for me ............ so hello afghanistan or africa or the World Centre or someplace other then HERE !!! F *** ME !!!! 
on\ " , 201 0-0 8-24 18:09:34 " 
If money doesn't grow on trees then why do banks have branches ? 
is it weird that i find quantum mechanics/physics(and all that ) FANTISTAC !! 
G-man : < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > \\r\\n < PROPFEMALE > : yes\\r\\nG-man : you have alot of moles on your arm ! \\r\\n < PROPFEMALE > : ( smiled politely back ) . The end lol I love this JY group !!!! 
G-man : < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > \ 
< PROPFEMALE > : yes\ 
G-man : you have alot of moles on your arm ! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > : ( smiled politely back ) . \ 
The end lol I love this JY group !!!! \ 
( edited to be read-able , stupid phone ) 
:( < PROPFEMALE > is leaving kinda sad , and my stupid ass tranny came and no one was here to sign for it !! WTF 
got the tranny in tonight and man o man its a beauty !! cant wait to find the time after i get all the important stuff done and install it 
tonight was fantastic , it was just what i needed !! 
I got a question : so if someone says that what you just said or an act of something you have just done was vary humble , is the answer/act still humble if you acknowledge it with a thank you ?? Explain ? 
omg i found out today that if our < PROPMALE > youth group continues to meet on wensday till the end of nov atleast we will meet on my birthday !!!! this brings great joy to my heart :) :) :) :) :) :) 
shreded < PROPMALE > up today ha still gots it !!! 
I love to give up my time to help out other people and events !! :) :) but some people seem they feel the need to give me gift cards in return which is great but if i spend it all on me I feel selfish ..... so anyone want to go to ovlie garden with me ?? (next week ) 
philippians 4 : 10-13 go read ! 
there is TO MUCH on my mind i need one of those bowls that dumbledorf in < PROPMALE > potter puts his thoughts so he can remember them later !!! 
\Hope and pray 
an odd day with a great end , JY group with < PROPMALE > Mcconnell-hoff then dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Wilde followed by odd conversations :) :) \its too late for me to process that ... \ " ( o and i found out how to tag peeps in me post ) " 
ughhhh my doctor was super pretty :) and i had to stick my tounge out at her !!!!! but i talked about JYSEP to her and she loves it but has no time :( 
4 years ago today marks the end of one life and the start of a new one filled with hard months and joyful weeks , i dont regret anything beacuse i am who i am beacuse of it 
\More calm than a heartbeat that flat lines\ 
SUPPER PUMPED FOR FRIDAY !! and eddies pizza at 1 in the morning is a great idea till you wake up ! haha 
is it weird that I can remember WHOLE conventions from years past and repeat them over and over again in my head and pick em apart seeing where they went wrong or right or possible out comes if it was lead a different way . your thoughts please ? 
last night was great ! now to start training my new hire and then see how my weekend will play out ! kinda super excited for it :) 
“All good things come to he who waits” \ 
Proverb 
anyone in tempe/chandler right want to do something(somewhat social) ! call me ! like asap 
\Lean on me 
tired sushi for the first ligt time tonight !!!! it was good , squid salad with wasabi was great :) thx girl 
so i need some long sleeve shirt/button downs that are not black !! so maybe someone would like to help me ??? i cant pick out colors , im great at black and white , thats about it lol so txt me and lets set this up . please and thank you :) 
\If I die young bury me in satin\ 
An army of stags led by a lion would be better than an army of lions led by a stag . - Latin proverb 
Keep quiet and people will think you a philosopher . - Latin proverb 
sitting under a tree reading a book and talking to JY/ new anaimators !!! haven a great time doing it too !!!! 
had a ' sudden realization of great truth ' today at hudson park , txt me and i willl share(cant post it here , it might be misleading in some context ) 
im at asu right now so txt me and we shall meet up !!!! 
just ate a vegan double choclate chip cookie and omg it was amazing !!!!!!!! 
aww hail so much fun , headed toward tempe right now and feel like this is a chili or different soup kinda day , would you care to join me ? i can pay 
I'm haven my first all vegan day and omg I GET IT NOW !!!!!! This actaully makes sense lol 
As I walk thou these once crowded corridors I am remined of a younger time once filled with joy , utter happiness , and a strong sense of life but with the blink of an eye my vision has changed to a faded picture of sadness , youthfulness once lost , abandonment , and a black and white spotted kitten trying to find his way back home . 
You know the day is going to be GREAT when your car catches on fire !!! 
\Flash back . lying on my back\ 
you all need to txt me to keep my mind from falling asleep !! haven only 9 hrs of rest in a 72 hr time frame wasnt a great idea(who knew ??? ) < PROPMALE > horror picture show was bomb ! i know what i will go as next year now !!! 
i need tattoo ideas stat !!! please and thank you !!! 
\And it's by grace and love that I am free \ 
“Danger can never be overcome without taking risks” 
getting my tattoo RIGHT NOW !!! 
Ugh my phone just deleted it self !! I thought it was a smartphone !?! Can you please if you have my number txt me with your full name(first and last ) thank you 
the pic of new tattoo is now up go look and comment please , sorry about the quality and that i cant fit it all in haha 
Omg i need to get my legos back !!! ASAP 
\Religion is verily the chief instrument for the establishment of order in the world and of tranquillity amongst its peoples . \ " -Words of paradise " 
\Stop comparing who you are to who you want to be\ 
gunna watch a movie then ??? cant make my mind up what to do after that ha txt me with ideas 480-748-1904 !!!! 
A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they \ 
know they shall never sit in . -Greek Proverb 
\the future aint what it used to be\ " yogi berra " 
I would like to thank everyone for making this birthday the most joyful one yet !!! and a even bigger thank you to my \super lovey pillow\ " :) :) :) " 
i feel as if this exact Sunday has happened before ha and its so boring , cleaned the house and maybe another night of pointless netflix watching and rotting my mind with point less dribble , 2 thumbs up for me ! 
Ugh my damn headache is back is full swing , the pain was less then normal these last few days , but atleast I know the cause of it now and I'm not likeing it 
Just hit 340,000 < PROPMALE > on my car and it still runs better then a ford at 75,000 lol here i come 500,000 < PROPFIRST > !! Im gunna get ya 
\I'm not afraid to take a stand\ 
\Sometimes baby when we take\ 
installed Facebook for Windows Phone 
\theres no dollar sign on a piece of mine this i have come to know so if you agree have a drink with me \"" 
had a fansatic dinner , then build a bear(where i got laughed at cuz I FRICKEN LOVE THAT PLACE ) , now trying to help find a dress ....... wow ....... ha and a 2 syllable damn 
wow who would have thought that 20 lbs of fudge would take so long make lol 
of course i find out skyharbor has free wifi right before i board for my flight to NC 
This must be what frodo felt like when he set out on his jounery to Morhdorh with < PROPFIRST > expect im not trying to destroy a ring to save the world and my < PROPFIRST > in all reality is an abominable snowman named < PROPMALE > but i feel it works 
Do not look back and ask why , look forward and ask , why not ? 
just had vegemite toast !! damn it was good !!! pic up soon ! 
Abdu'l-Bahá noticed two of the airmen who were wrestling on the grounds , and when they stopped , he went to them clapping his hands and crying in English , \Bravo ! Bravo ! that is good exercise . \ " \ 
hey if any one could pick me up from sky harbor tomorrow(12/24 ) at 930 pm ish that would be great or i will just get a cab :( , plz txt me if you can 
going to a pool hall with Vesall Nourani , Kamran Hakiman , < PROPFIRST > Badi Rinaldi , and my girls till 230 in the morning is BOMB !!!!!!! 
how come im always traveling on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and Christmas day ? first a flight from NC then a drive up to Prescott but better then an 11 hr drive on Christmas day just so i could work the next day haha but still no complaints from me 
damn it , this went from being funny haha my car is on fire to not funny positive cable breaking off of the battery on the busy freeway could have gotten into a bad accident , my car is offically not safe to drive but cant afford a new one till end of march 
“You are a product of your environment . So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective . Analyze your life in terms of its environment . Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back ? ” 
going up to flag tomorrow morning to vist the lave tubes if anyone would like to come just txt me and we can figure this out !! 
Your thoughts on this one : a philosophy that tossed God out and replaced Him with nature has led to a society that lives in violent conflict with nature 
\Confer upon me thoughts which may change this world into a < PROPFEMALE > garden through the outpourings of heavenly grace . \"" 
\To awaken quite alone in a strange town is one of the pleasantest sensations in the world . ” " 
Just hit the rock gym with < PROPMALE > for 3 1/2 hours and it was bomb !!!! 
About to go try out the new rock climbing shoes !!!! HOORAH 
Getting my new tattoo on Monday at 3 if any one wants to come watch you are more then welcome to just send me a txt or comment or whatever !! 
Don't you dislike the feeling of being sick and not the throw up sick but the physically/emotional draining finding it hard to focus on even the smallest little things , sore throat , hard to breath kinda sick haha 
\True 
Yaya got 70% of my apt moved out to my storage unit now work out then rock gym , good day 
\oh I wanna see you again But I'm stuck in colder weather Can I call you then Cause I'm a ramblin ' man I ain't ever gonna change I gotta gypsy soul to blame And I was born for leavin ' \"" 
Anyone want to go to a soccer game on tuesday for free ? 
I'm so tired of haven to tow my car more then 20 < PROPMALE > when will this end :( but I'm thankful for the people who have given me jumps , tows and rides , it helps :) 
Ugh I feel as I just \sold my soul\ " to the man for 8 bucks an hour haha " 
As I sit on my perch overlooking an island I realize that I may be working a 70 hr week but I have more time to fish now and the kid in me jumps up and down with joy :) 
