Just going one day at a time now 

installed Facebook for Windows Phone 
left 40 mins late for my 3 hour commute this morning . somehow I still made it on time to work 
5 large coffees and I'm still going strong since 3:30 am ! only 3.5 more hours of work ... blaaaaaa 
I feel I need to get this off my chest and clear up some things in reguards to < PROPFEMALE > and I . Me and < PROPFEMALE > split up a couple months ago . First I blamed her for everything . After some reflection I realise that it was ME that had a problem and I pushed her away . 
2 hours of work left but who's counting ... 
humph , so much for looking to get off work ... 
day 1 , acceptance ... 
here comes my friday !! 
12 hours till I get home . I might just call it an early day though . 
by by , pdx here I come roseburg 
need more coffee 
After watching what I eat and working out a little for the last 2 weeks , I have lost about 10lbs . I am starting to see my old self again and I like it . Gonna have to step up the workout . 
UGH , I hate the first day of my long weeks . it takes forever to end . 
I may have < PROPFIRST > for thanksgiving , his bday AND xmas !!! I so excited I can hardly wait to see him again . Just need to hammer out a few details and it's a sure thing . 
another monday ... 
It's MY friday !! 
Cali failed and didn't legalise it . Sad sad day 
I've decided to take my life back and I am quiting smoking as of tonight !!! 
someones caught my attention oh my !! 
Slingbox is awesome . I now have TV on my phone and laptop anywhere I have internet lol . 
VACATION !! starts tomorrow at 5pm lol 
things change no matter how much you may our may not want them too ... 
back from cali ... what a long drive 
just over 3 weeks without a smoke and going strong 
around and around I go , where I stop nobody knows !! 
I NEED a bottle of work be gone !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > xmas everyone ! 
??? 
AHHH !!! I hate sitting at home knowing UPS is going to deliver something and having to wait for them because you know they knock once and run ... 
I got the new droid phone and it's pretty cool so far . 
Having so much fun with this new phone !! 
/afk 
Back at work again ... 
It's the weekend . :) 
Thank you for the birthday wishes everyone 
Where's my spring break ? 
and going and going and going ... 
I <3 my slingbox :D 
Friday !! 
I hate my car ... :( 
$445 into my car so far and it still wont start ... Fuel pump works though ... 
WooT !! < PROPFIRST>'s Cooking diner tonight . < PROPMALE > n cheese with hotdogs . 
6 months without a smoke ... I STILL have cravings . Just thought I should brag though . Cold turkey FTW !! 
