is almost not sick ! /dance 

went to the new park across from her house today and walked instead of using her boring-as-hell treadmill . I also got sidetracked and picked some blackberries , but I did extra walking to compensate ! 
thinks exercising outside is completely different from exercising inside . I thought I was going to fall over yesterday , got woozy and a bit nauseated . Evidently I need to wait even later ... sun-going-down later . 
My poor daddy is sick for the first time in about 18 years ... poor daddy ! Unfortunately , I have to avoid him like the plague . I don't want to take risks with my moronic immune system ! 
nearly read an entire novel in one day . Sometimes I manage to finish them , but my poor eyes starting killing me . 
is happy . I went to the park across from my house and had a good vantage point on about 5 different people setting off fireworks . I also stayed late enough until the little ones vacated the swings so I could get one ! I love swinging so much ... it's one of 
Every single time I pass by someone talking about going camping I can't keep myself from thinking : Why the hell would anyone subject themselves to that ?! 
I was a bit pissy since I'm being forced to do a powerpoint , then I saw some nice KamNews . Yay ! 
had fun tonight . I also wore a sleeveless top for the first time in more than 10 years . 
is frickin ' HAPPY ! UGA just assigned parking and I got the EAST DECK ! My first choice ! HELL YES ! * happy dance * 
can't jog anymore . Giving my knees a three day weekend to recover and then I will be a < PROPMALE > again . Walking has taken me this far so it can take me the rest of the way ! 
Perhaps I'll do some clinical psychology along with my research ... I seem to be good at it ! :D 
is HAPPY ! I LOVE YOU ALL !!!!!!! 
just got her first car !!! We are picking it up tomorrow ! It's a silver 2006 Mazda 3i !! /dance 
My sexy Mazda drives sooooooooo nicely ! * hugs Mazda * 
thinks that driving officially SUCKS ! I need more CDs to play in my car so I'm not bored to death . Yesterday I was waxing poetic on my new found freedom but now the lotus wants to go back into the murky water ! ( and no I am not posting my crap poem here ) 
Driving is still sucktastic . However driving + Kamelot cd = ROCK OUT TIME ! 
Finally going to make an appointment at the Uni clinic to get my knees checked out . I hope it's just arthritis ... Sigh ! 
has been busy busy busy ! Mi español es mejorar rapidamente ! Also found out what's wrong with my knee ... have exercises to do to correct a muscle imbalance . 
HAH ! I wrote my essay in 30 minutes !! BOOYAH EVIL PE TEACHER ! 
I am freakishly tired and MSN won't work !!! 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . Thanks . 
Methinks I'm getting sick ... I want to go to Dragoncon next year ! And I want to go to ProgPower next year ! Meh . 
Just wrote my 1000 word essay in only an hour . Why did I have to get the evil phys < PROPMALE > teacher ? Impromptu essays with no warning and a freakishly close deadline ( eg : the very next day before noon ) are understandable in academic courses but not PHYS < PROPMALE > ! This is a WALKING class ! Now I wish I hadn't switch < PROPMALE > from volleyball ... that guy just want < PROPMALE > to play and have fun . No written component at all . Bah . 
OMG Kamelot is headlining ProgPower next year !!! MY DREAMS HAVE COME TRUE ! I WANT A TICKET TO PROGPOWER FOR XMAS !!!! #%^%$#@$#%^ * dies * 
Acabo de darse cuenta que música es < PROPFEMALE > tema de investigación en psicología ..... :D 
needs to be less lame . 
/dance 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of your first memory of you and me . After you are done , post this on your own status , you'll be surprised what people remember about you .... 
I haven't had a cold this bad in years .... :/ 
is almost not sick . 
It's been a loooooong time since an essay gave me so many problems ! I still have one more to write today ... sigh . 
MASSIVE Spanish failure ... damned preterite vs imperfect ... >.> 
Why the computers at UGA don't like Facebook is beyond me ... I think it's FB's fault . Sorry to < PROPFIRST > and Naz .... FB just wouldn't work right ! :( 
needs more time . Time to go ... again . Mardita zea ! 
is hoping her Spanish essay is not epic fail . The preterite/imperfect thing is so damn confusing sometimes . At least I learned two new tenses last week ! He decidido ... present perfect and past perfect ftw . 
Sigh ... first ever oral Spanish exam is tomorrow . My speaking Spanish is infinitely worse than my writing and reading abilities . Mi Español es el peor de todo el mundo !!! He aceptado mi destino .... -.- 
My Spanish teacher said \Spanish on paper and actually speaking it are two completely different things . It's just another step ... you just aren't there yet . \ " SIGH ! Off to get my hair done so I can feel less moronic .... /goes to put shoes on " 
This Halloween is going to the best one in a loooooong time . I'm dressing up as a stereotype !!!!! Pics shall follow sooooooooooon ! 
Just made my new schedule for next semester . Only one class on Mondays . The latest class I have ends at 3:20 . No classes on Friday , but 4 classes on Tuesday .... Even if I stay to work out at Ramsey for an hour I'll still get home earlier than I have this entire semester ! 
Has spent the entire day trying to fix the computer that her brother somehow managed to get over a dozen viruses on in only one day . < PROPFIRST > is officially banned from this computer . If I can't fix it dad will have to pay to get it fixed or I'll have to wipe the hard drive . Thanks , < PROPFIRST > . 
Damned rootkit is damned impossible to remove ... sigh . Instead of trying my last avenue for success I'm screwing around instead . 
Game of Humans vs Zombies on campus = epic lulz . I want to play next time ! 
ZOMG !!! SONATA ARCTICA IN ATLANTA ON APRIL 30 !!!!!!!! Epica comes on February 28th ... then ProgPower .... 2010 is going to be epic . 
Buying people is somehow quite satisfying on a subconscious level . I think the monsters from the Id are roaming . 
< PROPFEMALE > viejo acaba de comprar mi ..... AYUDAME ! 
I've only had two evil teachers in my life . This PEDB guy is on a new level of pompous assery . I'm going to have to do all the pages in the book to ensure he doesn't screw me over . That's a lot of pages .... -.- I have to hand them in on Friday ! Oh joy .... 
Necesito escribir < PROPFEMALE > ensayo hoy ... durante clase ! Acabo de escribir < PROPFEMALE > borrador .... mi español está mejor que pensé ..... Mi habilidades de hablar sólo son ya horrible ... meh 
wants to cook now but has to wait until tomorrow . Must remember to take the phyllo and pie crust dough out of the freezer tonight ! Mm ... pie made with homemade pie crust .... However slicing the pears will take forever . Sigh . 
My pear pie recipe made me end up with two pies . But hey , too much pie does not exist ! Store bought bottom crust + homemade upper crust = deliciousness . AND ZOMG PHYLLO IS EVIL ! Oooh I'm going to steal < PROPFIRST>'s theme . < PROPFEMALE>'s advice for the day : To peel fruit for a pie use a vegetable peeler . Instead of slicing fruit with a knife use a grater ! Much more expedient and it comes out splendidly . 
Starting a new game of Sacred . 
is plotting . Never stopping , never stopping . Victory is impending , soon I will be winning . 
How wonderful ... heavy rain and flash flooding . I had to < PROPMALE > through the creek in front of Ramsey , the river in front of the East Deck , and the river that is in front of Tate . I am soaked up to my knees . Currently sitting shoeless and sockless to try and dry off ... in addition to that I have my 3rd cold of the semester . Odio resfriados .... muy muy mucho ... 
Getting sick this often again worries me . I can only hope the past has not come to haunt me . 
is still making it work though a wrench has been thrown in her plans . ( Finals conflict , the only reschedule time is at 8am Saturday morning . I have to be in class at 7:30 ... which means I'll have to wake up @5am to get my ass to UGA on time . ) Oh , joy . At least my research paper is 95% complete ... just need methodology . That'll take about 30mins . Sigh . 
Three down and one to go . The soci one will take the most time ... I'll have to get at least a third of the study guide and reading done today .... At least I'll be free after Tuesday . Waking up @5 sucked and Español casi me mató .... -__- Vamos a esperar que apruebe ... 
I have free time now . I'm confused . 
knows someone who will has pumpkin bread on Monday ! 
Somehow an 8 year-old killed my compy for two days and I just fixed it today .... O__o 
Happy holidays to all my lovelies ! 
is presently content . 
is sick . Again . Off to partake of Nyquil goodness . 
Where has all the rum gone ? Into my cup of chai !!!! Cup of cold chai + 3 shots of coconut rum = best drink ever 
is pissed . UGA makes a last minute schedule change and doesn't sent out fucking notifications until 8pm the day before . I ended up in the wrong building and had to come here to check WTF was up . FUCK YOU UGA ! FUCK YOU VERY MUCH ! 
Puede divinar cual clase es proximo ? :P 
Getting enough sleep is apparently the secret to getting through days that begin at 6am . * gives a < PROPFEMALE > nod * 
I finally listened to \Bad Romance\ " 5 times . At first I was like \"......\" but now I'm like \ " hm ... \ " I don't hate it but I'm feeling some cognitive dissonance ... * confused * " 
Off to write an impromptu paper . In Spanish . Hopefully I don't make epic fail . * goes off to class * 
Meow . 
Spanish tenses I know : present , present progessive , past participle , preterite , imperfect , future , present subjuntive , imperative , present perfect , past perfect , present perfect . I know I'm missing conditional ... pondering what else is missing . Missing too much . * shakes fist * 
I skipped out on school and got something cute and * purple * in the mail today .... :D 
has snow ! I got to listen in the car to Abandoned while it was snowing ... soooooo nice .... 
I thought the bottom fell out for sure this Friday . Hopefully I'll get back to normal this weekend .... ( Sorry my < PROPFEMALE > babies , I had to skip the net this weekend and I'm only on right now for a break before more exam cramming ... >.<) 
Time to start being awesome and kick some ass . 
Epica on Sundayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy !!!!!!!!!!! 
Epica concert was Epic . I also got a plectrum from the bassist of Blackguard ! VERY AWESOME ! 
went to the Atlanta Zoo today . I'm going to the Botanical Gardens tomorrow ! 
enjoyed her spring break . I'm slowly uploading all the photos ... getting rid of blurry ones and rotating the the sideways ones and blablabla .... 
has too much to catch up on . At least I got everything uploaded to photobucket .... 
I be sick but I feel good knowing that in the next chapter I will finally be able to say I know every Spanish verb tense . Si supiera todo , qué harías ? 
is going to be old soon . However .... I do get a new bike out of this whole thing . 
made a gross miscalculation and is not happy about it . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , everyone ! Especially to < PROPFEMALE > for my card !!!!! eventhoughitmentionedacane ..... 
The penicillin that was supposed to help with my throat ended up landing me in the ER last night . Thank you , modern medicine . What other institution simultaneously attempts to heal and kill you at the same time ? ( No worries , I'm mostly fine ) 
hates playing catchup ... so I'm giving up as far as FB is concerned . Blah . 
feels like banging her head into a wall . Repeatedly . 
Has had a hell of a month . Old man had his appendix removed today . Seriously , is it possible for anything else to happen ? 
Setting up a situation wherein I need to get 4 months of work done in 1 might have been a stupid decision .... It will definitely bleed over into an extra month . Blah . 
seriously wants to murder someone and is languishing in the 95 degree heat with a heat index of 102 without a properly functioning air conditioner . 
is very happy now that the new air conditioner has been put in . I still need to snap back to reality and get my work done , though ! 
Call of Duty is actually awesome ... and I usually hate first-person shooters . 
I forgot Facebook existed for quite awhile .... I haven't been on here in a month ! Literally ... my last update was June 27 ... and it is JULY 27 ! 
Well ... my summer went to hell in a handbasket ... but at least it wasn't boring ! 
got through the first week back in class . Yay for accomplishing nothing special ! And ... forking forgot the word for fork in Spanish . I REFUSE TO LOOK IT UP ! 
Insane day . I hope < PROPFIRST > will be okay . 
Anyone up for a last minute trip to ProgPower ? I have a pair of leftover tickets to unload . I won't charge you any more than they cost me when I got them ! 
I won't be able to get on the computer for much leisure crap before ProgPower so I wanted to post my cell number right quick so those coming to ProgPower can contact me ! I REFUSE TO LET YOU GET LOST IN THE CROWD ! Epic meet approaches ! ( also ... I don't have unlimited texting ... KEEP THAT IN MIND i.e. text only when necessary ) 678-622-7268 
Now I know I need to save up more money for ProgPower . Yepyep . 
My poor sweet boxer has managed to break his leg . Blah . 
Do you recall when you were a child and your parents got you an icecream cone ? Do you recall that as you were assaulting the icecream with your tongue it had the audacity to fight back by taking a running leap to the ground ? Alas ... but the icecream landed in a splattered heap . Just desserts . 
My poor baby puppy now has TWO legs in a cast AND a referral to a specialist at the UGA vet clinic . I'm thinking he has some sort of genetic disorder ... 
Apparently bombing a test in Heatherland means getting an 88 ... 
I'm taking the best class ever ... BUT I have to finish a lame-ass one to get to it ! DAMNITALL ! 
Mercurial moods not caused by PMS . Seems assholes do it better . 
no longer has the luxury of time . I've got a shitload to do ... I just spent 3 hours answering 5 questions ! NEVER TAKE AN INDEPENDENT LEARNING COURSE ! Way too much work ... I'll be scarce round the net for 2 or 3 months while I work myself senseless . 
Doc said no walking , jogging , running , or cycling . I can still weight train but with limits . What the hell am I left with in the cardio/aerobic category ? AND DON'T SAY SWIMMING ! I REFUSE TO BE SEEN IN PUBLIC WEARING A BATHING SUIT ! 
How can anyone run into a parked car ? Especially mine ? 
I am slowly accomplishing things . Got a position in the self control lab for 2 credit hours . I'm halfway done with the online classes and hopefully through force of will I can zoom through the rest of them . I come bearing one word of advice - Don't take PSYCH 3260 ( Human Sexuality ) unless you want to be distracted all the time . 
Today I made my schedule for my final semester as an undergrad . It took about 4 hours due to cuts in class offerings but I think I ended up with a nice schedule for my last semester at UGA . Now I have 5 or 6 years of Phd work to look forward to ... and I can't decide if I want to walk at the commencement ceremony . Meh . 
seriously needs to get back to the internets . I'LL BE FREE SOON ! YAYYYYYY ! 
World - 2 ; Peepers - 0 
It took me weeks to make it . It took the dog 30 seconds to irrevocably destroy it . I'm sorry < PROPFEMALE > and Lasse :( 
2 days of classes left then finals . FREE SOON ! FREEEEEEEEEEEEDOM !!! 
Epica on the 17th is a wash . AND THEY ARE PLAYING WITH SCAR SYMMETRY ! I HAVE TO MISS SCAR EFFING SYMMETRY !!!!!!!!! 
Whew , kind of roller coastering ... in other news : I now have an awesome phone with unlimited everything . Feel free to abuse it : 678-622-7268 ( I don't have international anything however ! Only the US and Canada . ) 
It's snowing ! 
My car is dead ..... dammit 
Last undergrad semester ever . All save one of my professors rock and working in the lab is awesomesauce ! 
Just got through the most hellish week so far this semester . I slept til 4 to recover ! Hah 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day ! 
How is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
Eluvietie tomorrowwww . And facebook fails to function properly ! Can't see messages or friend requests . Lame . 
Lab meeting canceled due to potential of tornadoes . Hah . But I'm on my way to be checked out at the docs since I got my head smacked into a pylon at the concert 
