Kantheism ? Yes , I think so . 

What I'm trying to say is I'm going to bite into your head like an apple if you don't slow down . 
I need everything for my nursery barn 
... I need a cigarette and some sedatives . 
Know how i know dude that lives behind me is a crackhead ? He was watering his flowers @ 9 am in his undies during a storm 
I start to feel weird when i get on facebook and see \whats on your mind ?... Share\ " its like seeing a good friend that wants to listen to your problems . I connect with the internet better than humans :/ thats pretty bad . " 
So tonight i got to watch \cops : live from kc\ " go down in my parking lot . They even had to bring an ambulance in for dude that took off running . It was pretty intense . " 
We all want something to hold in the night We don't care if it hurts or we're holding too tight 
Men are always whining that we're suffocating them . Personally I think if you can hear them whining , you're not pressing hard enough on the pillow . 
Gonna be in < PROPFEMALE > this weekend . Hit me up ! 
My phone was deactivated so don't try calling or texting ... won't work . I'll get a go phone this weekend and text if I need ya :) 
Last night was awesome :) My friends are the best . 
someone needs to give me a ride ... come on people 
Ok , maybe I AM just a little fucked up . 
I really like liking things .... 
\If I ever saw an amputee being hanged I'd just shout out random letters ... \ " -Demetri < PROPFIRST > " 
I haven't been to sleep once tonight ... :/ 
quite bored . i wish i had enough money to get a motel room for the night and destroy the living shit outta it . 
He consumes my soul slowly and laughs as I scream . 
I <3 all my friends that try to cheer me up :) thanks guys . Oh and i love all the ones that didnt too but you guys suck at staying up late =P 
Goin to Silver Dollar City this weekend with the family ... Should be fun . Haven't been there since high school I think . 
I hate sleeping on the floor :/ 
Chillin at < PROPFIRST>'s . What to do , what to do ... 
My head hurts ... :( 
Why do I torture myself ? 
It's so unfair to play it cool ... 
Oh how I adore being ignored . 
I love you Meshele ! You will always be mah lil sis :) 
Omw to Silver Dollar City for the day . Last night was a blast . :) Love ya Meshele and < PROPMALE > !! 
Had fun yesterday . Wanna < PROPFEMALE > out with SOMEBODY today ... I'm bored . Text my sisters phone . 
I need some lovin ' : I 
Another sleepless night . Yawn . 
She kisses everyone goodbye And waves her middle finger high They're never gonna mess with her again 
I think about 90 percent of the time people just look right through me . 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get off work ... I need to get out of here ! 
They want to sedate me and steal my kidneys ! I dunno bout falling asleep here ... :/ 
NOBODY means what they say . Ever . 
hi < PROPFEMALE > ! love , lundon 
drag my teeth across your chest to taste your beating heart 
She's got a date at midnight - with Nosferatu oh baby , < PROPFEMALE > Munster - ain't got nothing on you\ 
Well when i called her evil - she just laughed well cast that spell on me - boo bitch craft 
Thanks to all my \friends\ " that had my back . You're all backstabbing assholes and you can all go to hell . " 
Still in a horrible mood from last night . I LOVE how a girl always get blamed for stupid shit . I won't apologize when I didn't do anything wrong and if anyone wants to dispute that , TRY . I fuckin dare ya . 
Yeah ? Well I wanna live next to a Xanax factory with no locks . :) 
Anyone have any good names for a basset hound ? 
Can anyone tell me the cheapest place to tan in West Plains/Willow Springs/Mtn . View ? Tell me quick Lundon has work today and we really badly wanted to go tanning :) 
Soooo .... yeah . 
So I ended up with a very painful cow print like ass from tanning . Fuck < PROPFIRST > undies in the bed . Lundon's ass is pretty bad too lmao . Bad idea . 
I have to put more aloe on mah butt :( I've never had a sunburn before and this one is literally a pain in my ass . 
ahh home sweet home . nah actually i already miss mah homies 
i just want to go to quicktrip . is that to much to ask 
Well that cheers me up a bit 
I am so fuggin bored . Someone save me 
well we renamed the cat again ... his name is now < PROPMALE > 
nothing to do but sit here and think of you . 
So yeah ... allergies are a bigger bitch than my sister lmao . who woulda known . jp ish ! not really but please dont kill me 
People suck . 
So last night i was walking with a couple people when the cops swarmed us with motorcycles , 4 wheelers and suvs ... apparently they were trespassing and they got arrested but i almost had a heart attack . never imagined theyd send in a damn swat team to pick up two ppl 
well whatever if it doesnt happen it doesnt happen . life shall proceed 
I'm done with this shit . I'm moving back to < PROPFEMALE > 
Gah . gotta figure out how to get back to < PROPFEMALE > ... any suggestions ? otherwise im hitchhiking bitches . 
For my family thats talkin shit ... shut up . you obviously dont know me . my life isnt ur responsibility so but out ! 
Well i might have gotten my old job back at el rancho lets just hope it comes thru 
packing ... what a bore 
i'm kinda sorta really excited about going home . at the same time tho i'm gonna miss my kaelia a.k.a. my pufferfish ily kaelia ! <3 
Feeding kids that aren't yours sugar before bedtime is a very amusing thing to do . 
Well im probably gonna be in < PROPFEMALE > for a little bit tomorrow . i really wanna be there for the weekend but i dun think thats gona happen 
man o man what a day 
I'm tired of being ignored . Am I allowed to scream ? 
Wow . That is all I have to say . 
Man ... just shoot me now . 
i need a foot massage 
gah . bored . who is awake ? 
Had fun today :) Now I'm exhausted . 
Gettin my new phone tomorrow ... hopefully . 
Got my pretty new phone . I'm in love lol . Text me so I have ur number ... 4172524602 
On break ... Yay !!! 
All the electricity at el rancho went out except for the register ... 
I don't like this situation . Its just stupid ... 
Workin again ... Lovely . 
I know something you don't know ... 
Fuggin haters ! 
So yesh ... I suppose I am slighty psychotic ... 
No one really cares . I just wish people could be more honest about it . 
So ... Should I get my lip or nose pierced ?? Tell me ! Lol 
Bout time to get workin :( need more input on whether I should get my lip or nose done ! Comment and tell me peoples ! I don't care if I don't know you I just want your opinion lol . 
I'm tryin to get a < PROPFEMALE > pin but I can't unless I can get a babysitter for it while I'm at work . I'll pay 20 bucks a week and I'll provide food ! Please someone help I've wanted one for a long time . Please !!! 
Sooooo .... Yeah . 
If I get a female < PROPFEMALE > pin tomorrow what should I name it ? 
Yay what a fun fuckin night . 
Uh a hint that I was truly surrounded by hillbillies came when I turned and saw a small boy pissing out the back window of a < PROPFIRST > . Omfg . 
I like it on the hardwood floor next to the sofa . 
Well not a broke betch anymore :) I'm excited . 
Got mah nose pierced . Will take pics soon ! 
Haha yeah I can't even pretend to be happy without my Kaelia :( I miss you baby ! 
I am done waiting around on people . Either keep up with me or get the hell out of my way . 
I dance with myself , I drunk myself down\ 
Found people to love , left people to drown\ 
I'm not scared to jump , I'm not scared to fall\ 
If there was nowhere to land I wouldn't be scared at all 
\Stop telling lies about me and I'll stop telling the truth about you . \ " New fave quote . I can totally relate ;) " 
Mwhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha * cough * * cough * hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahaha ok I'm down lol 
If I tear you open wide , take a look inside\ 
Are you pretty ? \ 
Can I get inside your mind , see what I can find ? \ 
So just take off that disguise , everyone knows that you’re only\ 
Pretty on the outside 
I hope < PROPFEMALE > scissor kicks you in the throat . :) I fuggin <3 you Kaelia ! 
Reality is for those who can't cope with drugs lmao . 
Well ... I'm sick . :( 
So I thought I could kick this cough ... Nope now my lungs feel like they're gonna collapse . I haven't been able to sleep so I'm very irritable :( I just wanna cry 
I <3 Tosh . 0 
Oh , we coulds tell you tons of stories about killin cars with opposums :) 
< PROPMALE > ! You owe me < PROPFEMALE > . Pay up ! 
Hahaha ! Meshele almost forgot to put water in her noodles before cooking them . I love that chick :) 
Quit throwing gloves and empty bottles at me ppl ! Lol 
I <3 my friends :) you guys fuggin rock ! 
Meshele , I'mma stalk you forever <3 your hair looks pretty in that light mwhahahaha 
I kinda wish I had something to bitch about lol 
If lundon doesn't wake the fuck up who's gonna take me and sly costume shopping 
Ahhh nice to see you again bed . We should < PROPFEMALE > out more often :) 
Man I'm tired as hell ... Went to work at 3 this morning and now I have to go clean my truck ... Lame . 
Ooo boy I am tired . I'm hitting the sack early . Night all ! 
My arm is dead . Thanks Madi for sleeping for 2 hours and not giving me a heads up lol 
Aaat work again , buuut I have the next two days off ! Let's chill betches !! 
SO a truck caught fire at work today . I almost had a heart attack . Thanks to cabool maintance across the street we didn't die a fiery death . Pressure washers can save lives ! :) 
I love lookin through my phone photos . My friends make me smile :) 
\People get shot by unloaded guns all the time . \ " -Shylo " 
I got work :( 
What a lovely day :) < PROPMALE > lady for the hundred . You are effin amazing ! :) 
Enis genthra 
Yawn . I hate the over night shift . 
Gah new day at work ... With and unenthusiastic yay !! 
If women ruled the world there would be no war . Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other . 
Come check out the new pictures ! Sly and I had fun doing them too . if you're interested in shooting with us give us a holla ! :) 
My farmville is down . I can't go to my farm 
