Really mad at myself to the point that it is unhealthy ... I actually hurt myself by punching my walls ... 

\love is life without love you can never truely live \"" 
Do you live up to your own expectations or do you live up to what everyone else expects you to ? That is a question we should all face one time or another . 
Death ... an end for it all , or a new beggining ? No one knows and no except for the dead will ever really know . 
there is one person that is out there for everyone once you have them you never want to let go and if it is forced upon a person to let the one they love go it can destroy them from the inside out but if its better to let them go then you can find the strength to do it even if it cost you all of your happiness ... 
If you move from one place to another alot of the people that you once knew forget about you and stop caring while there are those very few that will always stay your friend and that will show you that , that specific person cares enough to never forget you and that shows alot of true friendship . 
people need to stay in thier on buisness I don't care if you two think we aren't right for eachother anymore its none of your freaking buisness the only people that should ever worry about things like this are the two that are in a relationship not other people so just stay out of our relationship okay ? 
I hate drama and I seem to always be involved somehow and it seems like this time its pretty much centered on me . I really hope I don't have to deal with to much at school tomorrow . 
I miss Ashlii SO BAD right now ... 
with perfectly mature friends you will find almost no annoyances but with friends that are immature you find that you will come along a lot of annoyances that can range from a whole world of things some of which you wouldn't even think of before . It is almost impossible to find any friends with the right balence .. 
Ashlii's birthday is tomorrow . I hope she likes my gift it took me and my mom almost 2 hours to fix up and look good . 
I don't want you to have to choose between your friends and me ... but I myself don't want to < PROPFEMALE > out with very many of your friends anymore ... Idk .. 
“To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . ” 
“Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit . ” 
I hate being in the middle of things like this but I don't want to see my friend that I think of as a brother be extremly pissed off but I also don't want to see my other friend of whom I think of as a sister have her heart broken to peices to the point she might not be able to take it ... 
Why can't we stop all the drama in the world and be happy about who we have as friends and loved ones . Why does the human mind seem to seek out the things that people do wrong and want to turn those things into a big deal . Wouldn't everything be nicer if we all learned to live with the fact people make mistakes and 
It seems like there has been an outbreak of drama and people have seemed more and more stupid lately why is it all happening at the same time ? It causes more stress for everyone including me . 
One person ... one person can make a difference only if they have a plan but until you develop an ingenious plan their thoughts on how people need to change will never be heard except for maybe a few of their friends it doesn't matter how much you preach to people most of them if they find they don't want to do what your saying they will just block you out imediately . 
What the hell is wrong\ 
with me ... Why did I feel like pain was to much all of a sudden ? Is it\ 
the fact that I don't want to hurt you or anyone else or was it because\ 
I am afraid of the unbarible pain of something else . I don't really\ 
know for sure .. 
I have been really stupid lately without realizing it I wish I would have realized it sooner so I could of avoided this but at least I know now and I am going to fix it I don't care what anyone says . 
How the world has changed ... No one used to rely on cell phones , computers , or other electronics sure they're nice and all but does everyone still see the side of earth that we used to ? I mean just think about it pretend the only electronics are computers that don't even have internet and calculators and small things like that . 
Is it really necissary to lie to higher authority in order to get someone you don't like in trouble ? Seriously do some people really want to stup down to that level just because they don't like the person ? It seems really stupid to me I mean just because you don't like a person that barly even knows who you are doesn't mean you have to go and lie about something that they would never do what is becoming of people 
realizing more and more how smart one of my friends actually are O.O 
everytime the subject of that one horrible thing pops up it makes me feel like life doesn't mean anything if your gone ... and if I lose you forever than I will always amount to nothing and want death to take me ... 
I've been having a really up and down week but now I think it should just stay up in the good side cause I'm in a great mood I pretty much have no problems and shouldn't have any for awhile so I'm in a good mood :) 
what is up with me always looking at the time and it being 11:11 ? 
My world is crashing and spiraling downward ... and it feels like I may not be able to take the pain which might lead me to try and find a bad way out ... and that even if that option looks like the friendliest of all others ... I have to fight it .. If this is permanent than I guess I will never be truly happy ever again ... I really hope I don't lose you .. because you are the most important thing to me .. 
every moment I live without you is agony ... 
I'm feeling a little better today .. I still don't want anything to do with food but at least I realized today that she still cares A LOT about me and she wants the best for me and her now I just have to lead myself to believe it because my head is full of arguing emotions which makes me feel more than confused ... 
The sad truth is if you weren't going to still be a really close friend to me then I would never of made it but you assured me that you would always remain my best friend and I needed that in order for my brain to even function close to correctly .. Not only did you promise me that we would stay best friends but you also gave me hope so I want to thank you for that . 
my eating habits are improving tho I still can't eat a full meal without getting sick .. 
I'm fighting a full out war inside me this war of emotions savagly attack eachother trying to make me think this way no don't think that think this it's driving me crazy ... 
< PROPFIRST > I want you to know that I love you and I always will no matter what . Right now it's because of this love that I am having a war with myself .. and the more the war progresses the more confused and emotionally and mentally damaged I become ... I don't know what to think anymore except I love you and that I miss you .. It makes me feel like a child .. A very ignorant child in denial that something bad has happend ... 
I have finally convinced myself that if I want to remain sane and even be able to get back with you then I have to first regain control of my mind then I have to actually do what you talked to me about around an hour or 2 ago . Thank you for that talk it may have what made me actually gain enough consciousness to realize that I have to get myself together for my sake and your sake ... 
I might be getting my OWN cell phone this weekend :) 
Whoa ... I just got really hungry all of a sudden which is weird since I haven't been hungry in the past day and a half .. 
I didn't realize how good this is actually turning out . I mean this could have been so much worse .. I suppose I knew that it could of been but now I'm REALLY acknologing that fact thanks to a new friend .. at least I can still have some hope and even if that fails then at least I can still be your best friend .. Thanks for helping me realize this < PROPFEMALE > it is appreciated VERY much :) 
Thanks for renewing my self esteem , my joy , and my hope if it wasn't for you ( and of course my loving friends ) than I would have pretty much never gotten any better but right now I'm seeing a great improvement in myself already which amazes even myself but I know it's thanks you and all the others who cared thank you to everybody who was concerned and I'm still not totally through this yet .. 
If you or someone you know doesn't understand at least 70% of what's going on don't give your INPUT ON IT or at least ask about whats going on and if the person doesn't want to tell you then it's none of your buisness it's as simple as that don't push it just leave it alone no matter what your relationship status might be with them even if your their best friend 
A long time ago you told me to not < PROPMALE > into your relationship with your friend and I told you don't < PROPMALE > into my relationship .. Well you know even now when I was falling apart you still < PROPMALE > into my relationship and give unwanted opinions ... It's really getting old plus how could you think I would do such a thing . I'm not even going to say it if you figure this out well good for you .. 
2 more weeks of school ! I really don't want to put up with high school drama anymore let it end now !!!! D: 
I did not act sad around you to make you feel guilty I was sad because being around you reminded me of the sad truth I tried to block out of my mind and I would never use guilt tatics to try to get you back because that's just a stupid thing to do no matter how desparite I have become 
I'm seeing things more and more lately ... I found out that I actually get this seeing things from my mom some of them are pretty creepy 
I hate when guys or girls say \all guys are stupid\ " or \ " all girls are stupid\ " whoever says and thinks this way needs to remember not every guy acts like the sterotype and not every girl acts the way some people sterotype them . " 
I feel angry most of the time now , I don't get it ... and it's involuntary just little things make me want to hit someone ... 
I'm not supposed to hate myself ... but lately I've been hating myself more and more .... 
I'm so TIRED ... yawn ... I think maybe I should go to sleep .. 
I'm in a great mood and have been for a few days now . CAN'T WAIT FOR MY BIRTHDAY ! It's going to be awesome anyone interested in airsoft should come or if you just want to < PROPFEMALE > out and have fun and your my friend then go ahead and come along ! :P 
thank you to all who wished me a happy birthday !!! 
Can't wait to see her tomorrow morning !!! <3 
thinking about possibly deleting everyone off my friends list that I don't like that much . 
today has been a really crappy day 
I deleted about 50 friends off my list because I ether didn't ever have really anything in common with them or just didn't like them . 
screwed up my wrist today probably shouldn't have jumped off that roof lol 
I think many of the haters of twilight including myself might like it more if the vampires didn't < PROPFEMALE > IN THE SUN in every vampire book or movie I've seen sunlight at least hurts them it doesn't make them < PROPFEMALE > ! There are more things disliked about twilight but I find this one to be prominent . 
just woke up and i think I'm going to go back to sleep 
I'm glad I removed the most of the friends I deleted because now I don't have to be in the middle of the drama anymore ! YAY !!! 
I'm going to a 24 hour capture the flag match today wish me luck :) 
my two best friends are both in serious emotional trouble ... so I now have double the worry for two of the people I love .. 
isn't it kind of wrong to try to hook someone up with someone else when they are in love with someone ? 
what do I do about this if I can't make you feel not alone then what do I do ?!?! :'( :'( 
I'm so awesome I can trip over air ! Yeah I know ... I got skills ! 
am really thinking about certain things in my life ... How I've been neglecting one of the most important people in my life for so long ... 
I feel like crap ... Today has not been such a good day .. 
Poke me if\ 
youever had a crush on me . Like this status if you think im a good\ 
friend . Inbox me if you've ever wanted a relationship with me . Comment\ 
on thisif we've ever had good memories together . And be honest . Lets\ 
see whosbrave enough to copy this to their own status . (: 
You are what you think . Think it today . Become it tomorrow . Nothing can help you or hurt you as much as the thoughts you < PROPFEMALE > in your head . 
Karma : every act done , no matter how insignificant , will eventually return to the doer with equal impact . Good will be returned with good ; evil with evil 
Reject self-pity . Reject revenge . Reject resentment . Reject retaliation . Find ways to discover advantages to your disadvantages . 
Linkin Park came out with a new song !!! The name is catalyst great song it's a little religous but it's a great song !!! 
I look at all of you that I have grown up with and I see how much the age has changed us all .. some for the better some for the worse and some a totally new personality every 6 months it's amazing what time can do . 
I just remembered ! I'm going camping next weekend ! with my bestest girlfriend ever !!! <3<3 and we are going to search for saphires and gold :D wish us luck :3 
It is true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it , but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives . 
I really wish I could NOT make so many freaking mistakes that end up hurting someone . Sometimes I wish that I could make mistakes without hurting someone almost EVERY TIME .. I also wish someone would just punch me as hard as they possibly can every time that happens it's the worst feeling in the world . 
The fact about life is there are always good things and there are always bad things . These bad things in life don't all have to be \bad\ " just look at them as lessons learned and never go back to it again the only bad things in life are the things out of your control that are really bad . " 
Tomorrow is assumed by all of us , But promised to none of us 
why do the things we can't have seem more important to us than when we have them ? 
ME crazy ... never ! Ur just normal and that's weird in my world XD 
do you believe fate guides us ? or do you believe everything in your life is controlled by you ? To those of you who believe you are in charge of your life think about it .. Do you really control everything in your life ? How can you control everything that happens around you that affects you . To those of you that think that fate guides everything think about this you do control your ....... 
Just had a fight with my alarm clock . It wanted me to wake up , I disagreed . Things got violent . Now the alarm clocks broken and Im wide awake . Not sure who won . 
A working and loving relationship requires two people not one person can work at it . Both people HAVE too work at it in order for both people to stay happy otherwise someone will be unhappy and it will cause problems in most cases break ups unless the two are extremely close ... Nothing comes without a price ... 
~ Life is about trusting our feelings and taking chances , losing and finding happiness , appreciating the memories and learning from the past ~ 
the EASY path isn't always the BEST path . Be willing to do what is tough in order to do what is right . 
Okay .. so I'm thinking about possibly hosting airsoft tournaments next summer and I need to know who would go to them if they had the < PROPMALE > and just to let you know there will probably be tournaments that cost money ( with the benefit of winning money ) and there will be no cost tournaments for fun . 
I can't believe that it's been 11 MONTHS !!!! in 6 more days of course ... but that is still freakin awesome ! 
believes the past is where you have had to be to become the person you are today . What you learn today , makes you the person you become in the future . 
True forgiveness is far greater than holding a grudge . Grudges only hurt those who hold onto them . 
To those who hate school ( including myself ) . Remember you will never have a better social life then you do during your school years . after high school and possibly college you will probably never see 80% of the people you know now ever again so just make the best of it :) 
had to go to the hospital a few hours ago got stitches I won't be able to talk right , eat , or , be able to drink very well for the next week or so ... 
I don't think I'll be doing Parkour for awhile now but I probably will again eventually lol hopefully when i start doing it again I won't hurt myself where I will have to go to the hospital again I'm just glad I didn't actually bite my lip off that would have really sucked ... but I've felt the need to be hurt lately anyway I so I actually feel better now . 
Maturity has more to do with what types of experiences you've had and what you've learned from them and less to do with how many birthdays you've had . 
Okay to all of you who know what my phone looks like my phone is missing due to the previous event and I need help finding it . it was at Canyon Hideaway park . Anyone that can help please do ... 
I HATE MYSELF SO MUCH ... I'M REALLY GLAD I GOT HURT THIS BAD I DON'T DESERVE ANYTHING GOOD ....... :'( 
This day has officially been the worst day I've had in over 4 or 5 months ... 
My life dream is a world filled with joy and happiness and of course no matter how well every person gets along there will always be disputes . My dream to get every person to learn how to work out those disputes as soon as they happen is that too much to ask for ? Sure there will be times where we \don't like someone\ " just because their personality clashes with ours but we can avoid saying rude things and " 
getting my stitches removed tomorrow . a relief and thing to dread at the same time lol . 
it's odd that lately I've been getting depressed but only when no one's around it kinda sucks ... 
Why is there always a situation that I just can't seem to win no matter what I do ... Even if I want to give an effort to do certain things it doesn't matter anyways ? It seems like I can't do anything right when that happens ... 
You know what I'm tired of doing everything wrong I'm going to try and make it up by doing something better :) 
home sick today ... I hope it's just a sinus infection and not the flu or something ... 
Don't just get over mistakes , learn from them .. 
If life gets you down always remember those who make you smile and laugh ! :) 
everything we say comes as words . What are words ? Words are energy that enter the heads of people around you which causes a reaction depending on how their thought pattern that reaction produces energy that we feed off some people take advantage of this way more than others because it makes them feel better about some problem they've had in life . 
Happiness is something that everyone should be proud of giving to others not something to despair over . 
Why does it seem like all odds are against me ..? 
Single or not , put this as your status and see what color people INBOX you :) Black = i want a relationship , Green = im falling for you , Purple = i miss you , Orange = i really like you , Pink = i love you , Red = i wanna do you , Yellow = your amazing , Blue = your beautiful , Grey = we need to speak more ;) 
