In the mind of a volcanic ice monkey 

My phone doesn't work : ( 
I want to stay as close to the edge as I can without going over . Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center . \ vonnegut " 
Brothers almost done moving out , I'm next headed for college 
just got my new computer : ) 
meteor shower 
movin tomarrow to icc 
college time . as soon as I find my cell phone 
I\m here " 
others say its nowhere except for where they stood , but those are all just guesses wouldn't help you if they could -nirvana , plateau unplugged cover 
college classes start 
fucking insomnia 
Tired . One class left 
who needs action when you got words 
eh 
-_- 
Such a perfect color for your eyes 
\Extenuating circumstance to be mentioned on Judgment Day : We never asked to be born in the first place . \ " - < PROPMALE > Vonnegut Jr. " 
I hate myself and want to die 
as usual 
I can't believe this is happening . 
then there was nothing 
sentenced to death by mercy 
Pray . 
You are my angel 
Pray 
I love < PROPFEMALE > shearer 
inject your self control 
stuck as usual 
shiny shiny 
shiny shiny , cure his heart 
Tired of ignorance . 
alone 
psalms 
polish the world 
the last of the three of them was just like the other two 
bored . 
feels good 
miss my angel 
i still believe 
still believes 
the silence isn't so bad 
open up now 
going to be a good night . According to < PROPFIRST > 
Going to ca < PROPFEMALE > brave to eat lunch !!! whos with me ??? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > chicken sadwich and Jones soda , WOOOOHOOOOO !!!!!! 
You know that I am your dangerous side effect 
all of the children are insane 
I was love drunk , now i'm hungover ;) 
denial denial 
anti-depressants are artificial highs . 
You are a condition of worth upon the world 
And violets are blue , roses are red Daisies are yellow , the flowers are dead 
we ride ghost horses 
Be a world child , form a circle Before we all go under And fade out again 
is awake for the first time in months 
end and reset , live and regret , forgive and forget 
The last whispers ever whispered transcended beyond words and into a grip so tight that I could never escape them , never explain them , only live with and by them . Images of a past that I thought I would never have . 
And then everything was bright and shiny 
< PROPFEMALE > - boom 
That planet earth turns , slowly 
She stares at me as if she owns the world and we have crashed her party 
I can taste you on my lips and smell you in my clothes 
And when you close your tired eyes I'll meet you there 
you set my soul alight 
set my soul alight 
Right where I want you to be again I love you ! I love you ! I love you ! 
you were so close to me that you nearly died 
Life may be starting soon :) . thanks to everyone who supported me . 
when we rise its like strawberry fields 
going insane 
its ok to breathe deep as you play 
everything about you resonates happiness 
I got robbed on my birthday 
why bother 
watch the weather change 
I love it when < PROPFEMALE > from flyleaf twirls around . She's adorable . 
sanity is invisiable 
What is between the abstract and structure ? Us . 
Watche the weather ... 
where sunlight falls like raindrops 
Angels don't exist . Played again , and everybody fucks everybody 
say little and do much 
sunbeams are not made like me 
reproductive glands 
as your epitaph I am not a liar 
\It rhymes with some part of the female anatomy \"" 
class sucks 
You know your right 
looooves :) 
\Do you have hair on your special place ? \"" 
I need my plasma to build space ships 
no 
ever the optimistic 
If I had to touch feeling 
if I had to touch a feeling 
Live up to the expectations 
CANADAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!! ARRRRGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
wtf . seriously . 
The weight of the world is that of a feather compared to the weight of the soul 
Quite being so negative world ! Everythings just dandy . 
the weight of the world is nothing compared to the weight of a soul , the faithless aren't free 
Now that I've decided not to stay I can feel me start to fade away Everything is back where it belongs I will be beside you before long , and on , This goes on , and on , and on , and on , and on , and on , and on , and on This goes on , and on , and on , and on , and on , and on , and on , and on 
can you open and shut the gates of heaven without clinging to the earth ? 
\Once upon a time I was of the mind To lay your burden down And leave you where you stood And you believed I could You'd seen it done before I could read your thoughts Tell you what you saw And never say a word But now all that is gone Over with and done Never to return \"" 
Naivity must run in some people's veins 
how to lose a life 
hopeless romantic 
To him , like he was to them , they were nothing but strangers . Singing sad songs of neglect and redemption . 
And if the whole world is crashing down on youFall through space , out of mind with meWhere the emptiness we leave behind on warm air risingBlows all the shadows far away\ gorillaz " 
And if the whole world is crashing down on you Fall through space , out of mind with me Where the emptiness we leave behind on warm air rising Blows all the 
And if the whole world is crashing down on you Fall through space , out of mind with me Where the emptiness we leave behind on warm air rising Blows all the shadows far away 
3098685298 
The soul of the universe is the place where every < PROPFIRST > of light in existence meets . To go there and be completely engulfed in the dreams of the stars , is to be deep rooted and fulfilled in the arms of the ethereal . 
Gravity-y-y-y-y-yyy on me , Never let me down , Gently Gravity-y-y-y-y-yyy , with me Never let me go ! NO , NO ! 
short hairs not always so bad 
BORED 
All the jagged edges disappear Colors all are brighter when you're near The stars are all afire in the sky 
Gravityyyyyyon menever let me down , purelyGravityyyyyywith menever let me gono noGravityyyyyy 
if you didn't pay so much attention to yourself 
yes , really 
Looking for somewhere beautiful 
his is the end , Beautiful friend This is the end , My only friend , the end Of our elaborate plans , the end Of everything that stands , the end No safety or surprise , the end I'll never look into your eyes ... again Can you picture what will be , So limitless and free 
We were dead before the ship even sank 
She just wants to love herself 
if you give this man a ride sweet memory wil die 
Fading out by design Consciously avoiding changes Curtains drawn now its done Silencing all Tommorow's forcing a goodbye 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DB7htfZc-WQ&feature=fvw 
Reading the signs 
watch your fears become your god 
Forever is a long time , better get started on forgetting 
forever is a long time 
I hate answering voicemails . A LOT . 
when the sound of you could level worlds ... 
FLY ! :) 
black people talk so fucking loud 
* Spoons * 
the budded flowers shouted in sanskrit , in english and latin , in < PROPMALE > and all the languages in the east and west ... 
socially unacceptable ? mayyyyyyyybe 
found a bunch of shit I sent my x girlfriend , but not the papers I need for school 
effigy idolitry 
not a < PROPMALE > 
the abstract is coming 
The trees sprouted leaves and , waved and smiled at me , then they shouted in sanskrit , put out my eyes , waving crosses and sanity , fed me lies . ( the dark entrance to the switching places of heaven and earth ) 
Then they shouted in sanskrit 
halfway through my last paper and finished my final paper for soc 
this place is a cage 
goodbye blue monday 
in between the spaces 
the past is really gone 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWbfgGDl6XE 
It's the glare from the reflection\ 
Making patterns in your eye\ 
It's the looking back in anger\ 
For every second slipping by\ 
Undertow has come to take me\ 
Guarded by the blazing sun\ 
Look at everything around us , well\ 
Look at everything we've done\ 
- how to destroy angels 
Got my computer fixed :) 
Black hole sun 
Don't think I can believe that 
would you know my name if I saw you in heaven 
Yyou and mewe're in this together nownone of them can stop us nowwe will make it through somehow 
Sleep comes to everyone while we wait for the Sunday afternoons . Sleep comes to everyone , everyone maybe yeah , but you . Sleep comes to everyone while we wait , wide awake and blue . Sleep comes to everyone , everyone maybe , yeah , but me and you . 
let me wonder in your garden 
Should a body meet a body\ 
Coming through the rye , \ 
Should a body kiss a body , \ 
Need a body cry ? 
ch liebe dich 
ich ** liebe dich 
Sie halten Sie die Taste , um mein Herz 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XatzX6WQ2ec 
I want to form a political party that hates politics . 
christians are horny 
follow me into the desert as thirsty as you are 
Follow me into the desert as thirsty as you are 
suicide samurai 
Better learn to crawl 
an experiment 
Fall short , everything goes , for a place in life which nobody knows . Not your name , not your heart , not your end and not your start . 
volatile shattered mirror mind , abstract voices that can't be mine , uncovered fantasies that lost their shine . built of the fool dancing for the divine 
* sigh * 
Tired of this 
I love wireless . I can facebook in the bathroom . 
I lost faith in the human race and all their secrets 
cell phones temporarily out . Not ignoring anyone . 
phone should be back up 
seeing blind 
environmentalists are self righteous . 
Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo tired . Imy . Saw some friends . spanish :( 
there is nothing new under the sun 
rambling children in a field of stones 
whats worth it 
Have you ever wondered which hurts the most : \ 
saying something and wishing you had not , or saying nothing , and wishing\ 
you had ? 
Completely failed at life for the last like , four months . I need a restart button :/ . \ 
\ 
Not going to work , and its painfully obvious . 
Sink ships 
“The worst lies are the lies we tell ourselves . We live in denial of what we do , even what we think . We do this because we're afraid . We fear we will not find love , and when we find it we fear we'll lose it . We fear that if we do not have love we will be unhappy . ” 
second and third guessing 
My gears they grind \ 
More each day \ 
And I feel like \ 
They're gonna grind away 
So pissed off . I feel like the world is going to catch my vibe and start to burn down around me . 
Demonised 
Bright lights and magnets 
who to trust 
Beware of causing conflict and losing trust by making\ 
internal attributions about other people who are likely to be making external\ 
attributions about their own behavior . Demonstrate empathy by putting yourself\ 
in their place . 
Sharpen some steel and build yourself a muse 
very extremely tired 
Your pretty much worthless 
Spinnin on the streets of stars\ 
And ride away\ 
Find out what you are\ 
Face to face\ 
Once you've had enough\ 
< PROPFEMALE > on\ 
Don't forget to love\ 
' Fore you're gone 
The world gave me some advice that I never used . Save your soul by\ 
taking abuse . Sharpen some steel and build yourself a muse . When asked\ 
about salvation be sure to refuse . 
\Thank you for the tragedy . I need it for my art . \ " \ 
faceboookme for my new number 
wont ever be your cornerstone 
and I won't get lost in your world 
skies are blinkin at me 
stoplights are swaying an the phone lines are down 
Some Men deserve to die . Connecticut . 
Brain drugs are evil 
lost my contacts , text me your name !! 
does anyone have any pictures of me that don't suck ? 
Watching the new < PROPMALE > season 
cnn told me to have sex this thanksgiving instead of eating a lot . No lie . 
I want to be your mania and your depression 
I've fought off angels with my hands behind my back 
Out of the ground and Into the sky , ever so slowly 
out of the sky , into the dirt 
\Was a time early in life\ 
I fell to my knees and prayed to the soot\ 
To tear down a mountain so I could chew on it's roots\ 
I fell to my knees and prayed to the soot\ 
To tear down a mountain so I could chew on it's roots\ me " 
lady's and gentlemen , we could be on the verge of the next world war . Korea . 
I've been walking with ghost 
A sinister kid is a kid who runs to meet his maker\ 
A drop that spreads from the day he's born\ 
Straight into his maker's arms\ 
That's me , that's me\ 
The boy with the broken halo\ 
The devil won't let me be\ -The black keys " 
\Walked in the park\ 
\When it come to pride 
poncho 
watching southpark in minonk 
blakroc 
< PROPFEMALE > clause will kill you if your bad 
viddy well my brothers 
I want some more 
Decemberists tonight 
I'd rather be myself , ' he said . ' Myself and nasty . Not somebody else , however jolly . \\ 
Better off in my own world 
what else is new -_- 
Not feeling at all creative today . whatsup with that ?! 
its bullshit . 
:) 
I am justice ;) 
* Yawn * 
forgot my password for my computer 
maybe , but it doesn't matter 
\your under arrest for grand theft swayze train ! \"" 
new apt . :) 
