I like things as well as stuff 

Facebook effin sucks 
A certain thing and or pearson 
ya still being bored doin stuff yah mmmmmmhhhhhm 
About to party with the homies . 
best new years ever . 
Trying to get my crew back together I want my concert to run smooth and I want my bands to start on time if they are late they wont play or get paid i'm tired of messing with these kids . 
what to do today ? 
I really miss taco < PROPFEMALE > 
Alaska ? 
I'm sorry but this crap is freakin retarted i dont care about your fake ass farm on the internet or your stupid highscore . lol where is the music the stupid videos facebook is boring it looks like a damn job application why the hell do I check this thing ? 
DAMN ! I would friend the shit out of you lol 
I am bored really really bored like I think i got nominated for chairman of the board yah that bad 
planning a local concert . filling out job aps and trying to arange this years road trip to warped tour and ozzfest and mayhem fest busy busy busy 
So I think I have finally lost my mind :) 
Can't sleep stressed out 
Dude what does mine say ? Sweet , what does mine say ? DUDE !!! what does mine say ? SWEET !!!!!!! What does mine say ? yep it's like that . 
Well eitheir way i am screwed so i'm just going to enjoy it while i can 
Jumping on the facebook bandwagon so far i'm not impressed I will try to check this thing more and i'm in the process of adding more people still pissed that there is no music though . 
giving the facebook a < PROPMALE > i'm adding more people and I will try to check this more not sure how it's going to work out so far i'm not to impressed there is no freakin music on here 
Still not impressed 
so freakin bored why is no one else ever awake at this time ? 
24 hours no sleep I love insomnia . 
I really need to quit this being depressed all the time crap I already can't sleep at night because of it I need to figure out how to fix this problem it's starting to effect every aspect of my life . 
That was the best night i have had in a long time glad your back 
Wishing sunday would hurry the hell up and get here and a little nervous about the concert 
not to sure about whats going on here 
Well somehow I managed to fuck it all up once again . I work my ass off for 6 years and all I have to show for it is a non existant social life because i have no time to have one . I am fed up with all this bullshit . 
Lets just do this shit already 
Soon this will all be over with and I can forget that this ever happend 
Doing what I do best get back up dust myself off and get right back to kicking ass . 
I hate this fuckin town two faced mother fuckers i swear 
Good thing i'm to shallow to bummed for to long lol yep already over it 
Just trying to keep my head up and stay positive 
Insomnia again . Hopefully tomorow i will feel better and won't be so woe is me life sucks nobody likes a crybaby lmao 
I LIKE STUFFF 
I WANT TACO < PROPFEMALE > DAMN IT 
I'm in such a good mood right now I don't think there is a thing that could happen that would bum me out . 
Feeling pretty good right now 
sublime 
I can't do nothingggg lol so bored i hate being sick 
METAL !!!!! Yes it's gonna be a good night . THRASH TILL DEATH HAHAHA !!!! 
That was messed up lol 
Wow has it really been 13 years ? 
Time to pull a rabbit out of my hat 
Time to brainstorm 
Because I am a freakin genius . Hopefully this works as planned if not back to brainstorming 
well i quit the caffiene now for tabacco . I'm still going to drink though I love captain < PROPFIRST > to much . 
So many things on my mind right now I can't sleep 
Go ahead keep talking shit I really don't care and i'm not going to get involved with your drama we are not in highschool anymore and I have my own problems to deal with so you can piss off now . GROW UP 
Well that was weird 
God this is so hard I hope these 3 months go by really fast 
I need to stop being so damn paranoid 
just trying to keep my head right and stay positive before i go mental i'm better than this shit . 
I know I'm good but i'm about to see just how good I am tomorow . Hopefully I can make this happen if not it's back to the drawing bored 
You smell like skank 
Well now to start job hunting and looking for apartments that are afordable . I'm so close i can smell it i'm ready to start school and get my career started 
Hanging with my family the most important thing in life . 
allright I have a plan now I just have to make this happen I will have to bust my ass for a bit but I can do this 
Domahoes in an hour 
2,000 dollars to make this happen . lol what the hell am I getting myself into ? 
i like things as well as stuff and insomnia sucks yaaaaauugh 
shit i'm still awake 
with the exception of my girlfriend being in washington for the next 3 months , This is the happiest i have ever been life is freakin peachy I have some decent friends and Ifinally know what I want to do with my life so condsidering life is awsome 
Beer is good and stuff 
i don't practice santeria I aint got no < PROPFEMALE > ball I had a million dollars but i spent it all ya you know the rest 
Staying fonze 
I feel like i'm on a rollercoaster and I have no clue where its gonna take me everything is coming at me so fast . 
Hoping this apartment works out sounds like a good deal 
I would like to start this day buy yelling out this to the world FUUUUCK thank you have a nice day . 
Why can't me and my sisters just put all this shit behind us and be family again i'm sick of this fighting 
oh yah thats why there stuck up two faced bitches its clear to me again lmao 
Shuuuun shun the non beleiver shhhhuuuuuuuuu N 
its whatever 
I'm bored as hell if anyone feels like hanging out hit me up . 
well looks i'm gonna be chilling by myself tonight everybody have a lovely evening i'm out 
Well thats kind of depresing 
Life is just one big joke 
Well on the brightside this gives me more time to save money and plan shit out just got to stay positive and ocupy my mind . 
Barroom hero dropkick murphys . This song gives me inspiration 
Keeping a happy song in my head and looking forward to washington in august 
MICHALA FEST JULY 17th 5:30 pm show time at the Blue room . Everyone of you better be at this show I know you don't have anything better to do . 
Freakin bored maaang 
Warped tour this weekend good booze good music and good friends 
staying busy and ready for warped tour 
Trying to keep my cool 
well it's time for a change . 
Just looking forward to warped tour I need giant violent mosh pit 
Balloon animals made from condoms lol 
Replace battery in my truck check my belts and pullies get hair cut and by new shoes gonna be a good day . 
i miss you 
Yaaaaaaauuuuuuuggggggh 
FUCK IT I\M GETTING SOME RED BULL HAHAHAHA " 
Is in < PROPFIRST > 
This is not gonna end well lol I should have known story of my life 
Goodbye my friend it was nice knowing you , but for now time to go apeshit at warped tour this ones for you bro . 
warped tour was amazing 
Ready for august so I can go to seatle and see my girlfriend freakin excited 
i think i am going to go skate it's been a while 
One more month 
Yes I'm smoking again yes i'm on redbull again and I never quit drinking i'm stressed out leave me alone i'll be ok I promise lmao 
Intamacy or in too me i see . Love guru dumb ass movie funny line 
Work in an hour maybe a little drunken mayhem afterwards ? 
Ok so no drunken mayhem looks like its me and some movies its all good . 
I'm not getting married god damn it . Lol jesus christ thats 12 people this week . Ok yes I love the girl yes i'm moving to live with her and see how it works out now chill out 
I'm so stressed out i need to figure this shit out before i go insane 
So far this has the potential to be one really fucked up day 
I realy hope i find the right words to express myself otherwise this could go really bad . 
shit i'm awake and its 2 in the afternoon damn it 
Ok so maybe i was wrong about you what a disapointment 
sad as hell right now could really use a friend to < PROPFEMALE > out with today 
Wish i knew what was going on . I feel like i'm on a rollercoaster 
Life is good once again . 
Getting ready to move to seattle with my girlfriend thats right i'm out i'm finally out hahaha i will leave august 20th 
Sorry guys concert time is now 5:00 pm cut your losses is playing 5 dollars at the door come out have some fun again blue room 5:00 pm this saturday hope to see you all . 
Why does nothing ever work out for me ? 
allright fuck that shit its time to man up get my head right and get back to business punk rock and DIY ethics i cant let this bullshit blind me 
Thanks to everybody for comeing out to the show and also just an update I am now single again . 
I really hope I made the right choice 
Well now I need to figure out where to go frome here . 
gotta keep my head up and keep moving forward like I always do it's over and done with just another bad memory and something to learn from . Always take the negative experience and use it to do something positive . 
I really hate giving tough love I feel like an asshole for that hopefully it works though 
It was all one big lie . Just a fucking lie 
Allright on to south < PROPFEMALE > see yah in a month bro 
time to move on I did not meen anything to you anyway still can't beleive she lied like that 
Starting to think that god has it out for me random acts of bullshit have incresed latley . 
fuck I'm not gonna be here long enough to care about it anyway just one more month 
planning my visit to south < PROPFEMALE > 
plotting my next move and keeping my head straight . 
So all the decent women in Altus went where ? lol 
I know you want to hit that lol 
lawton because i can damn it yaaauugh 
I think you are the fakest pearson I have ever had the displeasure of meeting you are a robot who does what everyone wants and you lack the abilty to choose for yourself I pitty you I really do . 
I hate how I have to post shit on facebook because people dont pick up the god damn phone anymore 
Just got my first tat . 
lol dont even start with that shit 
I may get knocked down but i always get back up and finish what i started i always come out on top 
Really needs some caffine damn it lol 
NOW YA FUCKED UP NOW YA FUCKED UP YOU HAVE NOW FUCKED UP 
Finally over it . I can do alot better than that anyway 
Shit i cant sleep . I even tried drinking myself to sleep but now i'm just drunk and tired yah go me lol 
Block button check apology check and Now I break off all ties Kyler is back in the game again lets do this shit haha 
20 something days and i get a two week vacation from altus and i get to party with some of my best friends again haha life is good again 
Work today then i'm off sunday and monday I think i'm going to get out of town for a bit have some fun pick up some girls and have a good time 
ok not going to okc as planned but i still have two days off in a row maybe i'll figure something out 
chillin with my friend < PROPFIRST > 
you look like I need another drink 
When did being a complete slut become cool ? just wondering 
Well i thought my alarm was set for 12pm not 12 am now ive slept all day and wasted a perfectly good day off . 
it was a good night deffinitley need to do that again 
Domahoes 
Lol i just want to end this day by saying this fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck !!!!!!! ok i'm good now 
blah blah blah blah blah blah 
Ok no more drinking for a while pushed it a little further than i should have wich means i need to stop for a bit 
Ok im up im up damn it 
Blaah i'm bored 
Had a good night watched pick of < PROPFEMALE > 
Time for work yaaauuuuuuugggh 
Yah another movie night good times 
Fucking bullshit 
Gona keep cool and let it go 
What a great way to end a shitty ass day everyplan i made for tonight fell through it was as if god himself came down and pearsonally made sure tonight was hell lmao wow 
Im home and now i'm bored lol 
Life is good 
I need something to do I hate waisting a day off 
day off second in a row and its payday going to be a good day today 
What to do today ? 
Bbbbored 
It's nights like this that make me want to just up and move their is nothing to do and nobody wants to do shit anymore i'm tired of this crap . 
Ok I quit smoking forever as of right now I can think of more awsome ways to die at an early age than cancer . 
10 more days till south < PROPFEMALE > . Gonna be nice to get away for a bit 
Fuckin insomnia lol 
You miss me yet ? lmao Well to bad hahaha 
I need to sleep but I don't think that is gonna happen fuck it i'm buying redbull damn it 
Pull your god damn head out of your ass please 
I hate my luck damn it . 
Got the house to myself till sunday and not a thing is going on I hate altus cant wait till saturday so i can get the hell away for 2 weeks 
Skate comp and live bands at the skate park 5 oclock show up and suport your local music scene 
Trying to drink myself to sleep so far no luck lmao 
I finally got some sleep for the first time in 3 days i feel freakin awsome to bad there aint shit going on tonight lol 
I have the plane ticket I leave sunday and come back september 5th . I am very excited to see my friends but I am gonna miss someone in particular while i'm gone lol 
Had a pretty good night 
Nothing like shooting a 12 gauge to get your head right again i feel good 
Home from work had a nice day now I chill and see what else happens 
For the first time in awhile i feel happy . Life is good 
Fucking curfew what the fuck ? 
Found a solution to my problem lol i feel like i'm in highschool again this is kind of fun lmao 
it's about that time 
I always feel like somebodies watching me lol stalkers 
Packing my bags . I leave lawton at 6 am and get to charelston at 11:55 am i'll be back in two weeks thats sunday september 5th . I'll miss some of you lol and if your important feel free to call me anytime . 
nervous I hate flying 
Sitting at the airport 
Starbucks at < PROPFIRST > airport hell yes 
Can't sleep damn insomnia lol 
Trying to figure out how to get home early . 
Chicken fried steak and beer hell yes lol 
And now for the long night hopefully the advil pm works again 
Fuck this shit i'm comeing home as early as possible this is some bullshit 
Lying to me was a bad Idea ass hole 
i'll be home friday lmao should have known better 
I should never have gotten on that plane 
Packing my shit getting ready for a long ass bus ride lol fml 
Why do I always have to be peace keeper I feel like i constantly go out of my way for some people and when i need something suddenly everyone is busy no more of this shit . This damn trip made me realise who my true friends are and you know who you are . 
Heading to the bus station . Now the real adventure begins will he make it two days no sleep with minimal redbull we shall see lmao damn i fucked up by leaving lmao 
Waiting for the first bus should be here in 30 mins 
I'm not gonna get mad i'm just gonna keep my cool and relax why even bother anymore i obviously cant do shit right not even on a vacation its all good though life goes on lmao 
And the bus ride is over half way finished thank god 
Damn it's good to be home 
12 hours of sleep was awsome . 
Chilling at la casa then probally gonna drink a few beers later tonight . 
< PROPFEMALE > mother fuckers bailed on me its cool i'll drink alone lmao 
Plans a b and c failed now for plan d trip to lawton casino time . 
You know what ? Fuck it i'm to old for this shit . 
HEY production crew call me we need a fuckin hardcore show asap . your not picking up your damn phones hopefully you guys read this I want a fucking hardcore show by sept 3rd or 4th call me you know who you are . 
All I wanted was a pepsi just a pepsi and she wouldn't give it to me just a pepsi gotta love suicidal tendencies lol 
Fucking drama just let this go damn 
Ok hopefully that shit is over . Wow all that over nothing now back to the concert planning lmao 
Concert this saturday at 7 at the blue room 2 dolla suport your local music scene it aint much but its we have . Fuck shit up . 
last night was pretty fun . 
I hope I find my phone today and if I don't i'm getting a new one tomorow so it's all good except for losing all my contacts . 
I found my phone lol 
If anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out today give me a call if you dont have my number post a comment and i'll get back to you . 
Going out and doing some shit I dont know what yet but something damn it . lol 
On facebook cause i'm a douche like that 
just had to sneak into my own house lmao it's like highschool all over again only with out the cops and most of the bullshit drama 
4 days till the concert and shit aint looking to good damn it lmao 
Bored as hell whats going on tonight ? 
found some advil pm now to pass out for a few hours 
passive agresive bullshit 
My sister from another mister is moving back hell yah I miss you < PROPMALE > 
How do I find all the psychos it's the worst talent ever lmao 
It's no surprise to me I am my own worst enemy cause every now and then I kick the living shit outa me . awsome song 
And here comes the drama gonna be a long ass month at least i'm getting used to this crap 
I have some great friends who care about me I know this and thank you guys , but I am really depressed right now and I feel pretty lonely I dont know why but I do so if I seem kind of down i'm sorry and thank you guys for putting up with me . 
Trying to pull my head out of my ass . 
saturdays show is cancelled if you got a problem then you can drop 300 dollars and do it yourself . 
Concert is cancelled i bitched out cause i dont want to spend my money on pointless shit thats never gonna pay off my apologies lol 
Fuck all that bullshit i'm better than that 
Come on pull it together man 
great now i'm confused again . 
Having a good day so far I just hope I can do what needs to be done and not punk out 
I'm thinking red hot chilli peppers it's been a while 
here we go again maybe not sure whats happening now ? 
driving around cause i'm bored . 
Come on it's saturday night whats going on hit me up damn it . 
Forget it 
I really dont need more bull shit in my life right now so if thats all you have to offer than stay away from . I am not in the mood to deal with that shit right now . 
just going to keep breathing and hope it all works out in the end . 
I'm tired of eveyone being so fake and acting like they care . If you really care then follow through with what you say your gonna do and quit fucking with me if you cant do that then just stay away from me is that so difficult ? 
I'm stuck in Altus for another year so I may as well make the best of it . That means get a better job meet new people and try to be as happy as possible and if nothing else I still have my family 
Had a really good day . Slowly weeding out the negative influences in my life and bringing some positive ones back into it . Already i'm feeling more at peace with myself . 
finally pulled myself back together . Now I just need to see my grandparents and I will be happy with myself again . 
Sometimes I wish I could make things work out but I know it's for the best . I hate being misled and lied too so it's better off this way 
why is everyone so down today fucking smile damn it dont make me kick down a door and cheer your ass up shit lmao 
Allright people since we are all bored as hell on facebook why dont we get the hell out the house and do something who wants in ? 
Ahhh I guess nobody wants to play with me lmao 
Yay chilling with < PROPFEMALE > tonight at some point lol 
I hate when I cant tell what some peoples intentions are it's very unnerving one minute it's all good the next it's like bullshit theatre . I hate that crap lol 
bbbbbooorrred 
Check yo self before you reck your self cause big dicks in ya ass is bad for ya health . Ice cube 
Pull down your dress its a kick in the ass lets beat you blue till you shit in your pants dont move child got a big black stick theres six of us babe so sucka my < PROPMALE > . Police truck by dead kenedys 
Maybe i'll crash out now who knows lol 
now i see what happens next . 
Well now i know and now I laugh my ass off . I bet you think I didn't see that comeing its all good though i feel sorry for you lmao 
had a pretty good day < PROPMALE > out with my friends got free starbucks lmao so all in all a good day not going to let one little thing ruin that . And party tomorow hell yah 
Finally found that when you stop questioning god all the time things make alot more sence therefore there are less questions to have . 
I hate 6am hangovers thank god for pepto lol 
chilling with the < PROPFIRST > playing left for dead after that sons of anarchy season 2 think i can finish tonight finally . 
For the first time this year I am pretty relaxed stress free and maybe even happy it's amazing what happens when you remove all the bullshit from your life its awsome I lost some friends in the process but also found new ones cant complain . 
Do I look like I care ? Lmao 
If your calling me at 4 am somebody better be dead dying or you better be in some serious truouble cause if your not you will be next time I see you . I dont care about your stupid little girlfriend tell her to change her damn tampon i dont care . 
Blah blah blah 
Going to lubbock this weekend not sure when i'll be back possibly next week idk though and we are getting a new dog pretty excited . 
I dont cry when my dog runs away i dont get angry at the bills I have to pay . Loving is what I got . Yah i know I skipped a few verses 
thinking about taking some sleeping pills and passing out their is nothing to do anyway 
I have a feeling that today something very good is going to happen i dont know what but I have a hunch that whatever it is I will like it lmao 
Nice shoes wana fuck ? 
Looks like it's me myself and I again . It's really starting to get old . 
Women are the Devil in disguise they where a pretty smile while at the same time stabbing you in the back and they find a way to make it your fault lmao fuck it . 
Anyone want to hangout I dont care who you are or what we do i'm bored ? Hit me up here or text it 1 580 318 1874 
Oh what a night lol 
I need to stop sleeping all day 
Back from lawton and now I dont know call me text me whatevs 
Should I stay or should I go now girl you gotta let me know . The clash awsome band look them up if you don't already know of them . 
i am freakin hungry 
Had a great day and so far a nice evening cant complain . 
shower time then randomly driving around cause thats what I do . 
Bbbbbooooooooorrrrrreeeed . At least the weather is nice lmao 
Hey i just woke up which means I finally got some sleep . 
One of those days where I just kick back turn on a perfect circle and chill out and think . And for those of you who do not know its a band look them up you may like it . 
pepto bismal is my best friend after a fun night 
Ol punk ass bitch 
Watching kick ass while sober lol 
And boredom strikes again 
2 redbulls and a rockstar feeling great and still sober lol 
good morning 
Hello out there lol 
i have had a great week . 
House is clean now I play the waiting game and pick up the dashund . 
one of those days 
I think you need to back up before something bad happens to you . 
Finally going to lubbock to see my grandpa for the first time in 6 months leave tomorow and I'll be back sunday afternoon . I hope all of you have a great weekend stay safe and be happy 
Visiting the family for the weekend so far all is well and good with the Kyler family . 
50th aniversary went well had a good day hanging with my grandpa and grandpa but now i'm definitley ready to come home and see a certain someone . 
just found out I get to drive my aunts pimped out suv home bad news is my insomnia is kicking me in the butt so looks like coffe and redbull is going to be my best friend tomorow 
Doing things as well as stuff 
learn to drive or get off the road damn it . 
99 bottles of beer on the wall 
I am really starting to get the feeling that I cant do anything right and that I'm never going to be happy i am truely starting to hate myself . I dont see the point in even trying anymore its all bullshit 
Well I suck at life 
Feels like a lost puppy who just got fixed damn lol 
Going for a long ass walk with < PROPFEMALE > to clear my head probally not going to get my mind off things but hell its something to do besides mope 
Fuck it I have had enough of this bullshit im done . 
I would ask what the hell all that was about but I know i'll never get an answer so i'm just going to act like that didnt happen and keep things cool 
Well depressed as hell again and I dont want to get out of bed . I dont see the point because all i'm going to do is mope around . 
About to drop some green and fix my vehicle then < PROPFEMALE > out with my friends later 
Well the day started off bad but its all good now truck is fixed and im in a decent mood 
Tall dark and handsome can suck my short pale akward < PROPMALE > . 
I found < PROPMALE > haha . 
So last night was pretty awsome . 
Still trying to figure out whats going on . And come monday the job search is on . Looking for a roomate as well if your interested let me know 
Got a new dashund puppy this dogs pretty cool so far 
this new puppy is crazy . 
I can do this going to take some time but i can do this . 
Ya keep it up and see what happens . 
Who are you again and why do you feel the need to bug me ? 
Just wanted to say hello to my stalker lol . 
Well I dont think i'm going to sleep tonight so i'm thinking movie then coffe later 
Ok if you read this and you know who you are do not talk to me i dont like you now please forget my number that goes for you and your brothers i dont like being stalked by psychos 
Got it ? Get it ? Good !!! 
feeling better today I have no clue what was wrong with me yesterday . 
Hi stalker 
think i'm getting sick . 
Watching a movie 
That was weird lol 
Just hanging out doing some thinking . 
spending some time with my ipod getting my music fix it's been a while . 
Well cant sleep so now what to do ? 
I want to do all sorts of retarded stuff right now but i'm to old for that and it's not worth my time or effort . Really starting to dislike this town though . 
Praying for my sanity right now . 
My mind is running 1000 mph right now . 
Still kind of iritated but I dont feel like i'm going to blow up and go crazy so I think it's an improvement . I hate when people mess with the ones I care about . 
Pretty pumped up right now . I hope the drama is over though and if its not then i'll go from there lmao 
Kyler to the rescue again . You better do some serious ass kissing @ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Beltcher 
Found a bunch of change so off to find a coinstar then home to wash some clothes then tomorow i'm getting a job somewhere . 
Hellooooooo world you suck hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhaha just kiddidng i love yall . 
I'm feeling pretty good about life right now . I'm pretty happy now I just need to get off my butt and get a job . 
Why am I so stupid sometimes ? 
Starting to get this feeling that something is wrong . 
I have the best friends anyone could ask for and an awsome girlfriend life is good . 
Shaking those silly haters off lmao thank you < PROPFIRST > 
No more bullshit drama i'm done trying to make everybody happy if you dont like it then get the hell out my way . 
things are getting better 
I found < PROPMALE > . 
these dogs are worse than gremlims . I hate these little basterds 
Grandparents arive in 1 hour , and mom returns in 20 minutes with cleaning suplies can we do it ? Lmao 
Waiting for everybody to wake up . 
Sex and violence sex and violence come on < PROPMALE > you know the words finish it off comment it back you know you want too . 
Watching 7 year olds playing basketball . 
do you know the muffin man ? 
Sometimes when you win you lose . I hate altus 
Just had a really good day with an amazing and beautiful women . 
Just smile and wave . 
I hope all my family and friends who have served our country past and present have a great day thank you for all that you have done , and never forget the ones who paid the ultimate price and died for our country and keep there loved ones in your prayers . 
watching grown men argue like teenagers over a damn video game lmao gotta love altus 
Just wanted to say hello and I hope everyone has a good day even though you smell weird and your momma dresses you funny . Just kidding but really take a bath and tell your mom to back off . 
one day i'm going to find out who thought it was a good idea to give 7 year old girls tapdance shoes and when I find said person i'm going to annoy the hell out of them with a 7 year old girl with tapdance shoes so he or she can feel my pain . 
Ready to get out of this damn town already . I'm tired of these people 
I would love to get drunk right now and forget about all this shit i'm tired of my so called friends ditching me and only calling when they want something or getting pissed off at me for being honest if you dont like it then piss off . 
Here we go again . 
Allrigh seeing as how there is a lack of maturity in people between the ages of 18 and 25 so i'm going into hermit mode and focusing on family and my awsome girlfriend if you have a problem then work it out yourself dont bug me . 
Enjoying some peace and quiet . 
going to see hary potter tonight . 
Excited about having thanks giving with the family for the first time in 3 years it has been a while . 
i hate insomnia 
S.S.D.D. 
So wednesday I get to get out of town with some of the most important people in my life and go see the coolest grandparents anyone could have be jealous very jealous . 
36 hours no sleep hopefully I crash in about an hour or so . 
One day i'm going to figure this crap out . 
Sitting at walmart trying to get this damn tire fixed . 
trying to make time go by faster . 
about to head out hopefully no last minute bs slows me down . 
Back in altus 
bored as hell I want to go back to lubbock . 
Waiting on the family to return should be anytime now hopefully . 
In the process of getting my shit together . 
Possible job opening at 13 dollars an hour hell yes i'm interested . 
I like stories . 
Pizza is awsome when your not the one who makes it . 
Chilling out with < PROPFIRST > it's been a very good day . 
hanging with the schwab . 
Last day for lokos damn . 
you know whats on my mind ? Not a damn thing it's a good day . 
Little sister just found out that we eat animals the look on that girls face was priceless she will never look at hamburgers the same hahahahahaha . 
Wishing I was in lubbock right now . 
Dude where's my car ? 
Well my vehicle is once again out of comision looks like their is a short somewhere near the battery thats the good news the bad news that shit cost money . This damn thing is getting traded in once i fix it . 
Is about to be heavily medicated so if you try to talk to me and I sound more \odd\ " than usual it's cause i'm doped up on cold and allergy meds . " 
I have taken enough vitamin c to kill ebola and the recomended dose of nyquill so after I sleep off this nyquill I should be back to my happy healthy self . If that doesn't work then I'm going to the doctor and getting drugs . 
I like drugs . 
had a decent day hopefully the tonight is good too . 
I love christmas but why does christmas music suck so bad ? It's all so moody and blah blah blah . Someone should write and upbeat and non-corny legitimate christmas song . 
Got a few things on my mind and trying to figure out how to balance out a few things hopefully I figure it out soon . 
Chilling doing stuff with people then I don't know and I got a job it's a good day to be me . 
Cleaning my room before I get into trouble . Oooooh scary 
I hate watching the news It always brings me down . People are stupid . 
I'm not jesus if your looking to get saved read a bible . 
Ready to go back to work and make some money . 
Gotta keep pushing forward 
Just got off work same old dominos . 
Thinking about how to acomplish my goal . 
Listening to some sublime trying to pull myself out of this doom and gloom mood i've been in . 
Please don't snow . 
Hi ho hi ho it's off to work I go . 
Lets try this party out one more time 
Very glad this year is almost over it has been a hard one . 
Got a bottle of grey goose vodka for christmas thinking i'm going to save it for my 21 birthday in 2 months 
Everybody my production company is planning a concert for february 18th . This is a hardcore and metal concert ONLY !!! That means no acoustic bs or shitty emo indy crap . If you know any bands fitting this description you would like to here let me know !! 
Why do I get yelled at everytime I come home ? Whatever reason it's getting very old very quick . 
Thinking it's gonna be a good night . 
about to go to work then I dont know ? If there is something going on hit me up . 
So the tunnel now sells venom now awsome . 
I hate how anytime I try to do something with my life thats worth a damn I get blown out of the water . 
Because you like to have your friends tell me things I don't want to know in the first place i'm posting this on facebook for you and them to read . I don't care what you do just do it away from me . 
It's a new year and I plan to spend it doing something productive . So please keep your drama away from me i'll still be same old Kyler that you all come to for advice but dont involve me in your drama . 
Siting at friendship inn planning things out 
I smell skank . Oh haha thats why . 
So i tried to skateboard but ended up busting my ass then on the second atempt i managed to find a rock hit the rock then face plant on the concrete . I don't think i'm going to skate for a while at least not at nite lol . 
just got done making some money . 
Laying down next to a very beautiful woman it's been a good night 
Today is a very good day 
So we got the house now just have to turn everything on then move in . Clean up the backward and then get the dog . Life is good and so far my dads hospital stay is going ok been a good and bad day can't complain . 
Ready to turn on the gas and electric at the house so we can clean it up then move in . 
blasting some heavy metal and doing some thinking . Almost got it figured out . 
concert has been switched to february 19th . Come out and support your local music scene . 
House is now mexicanised but secure . 
Anybody want to hangout ? I'm bored lets do something . 
Man you guys are boring get off the computers lets go do something . 
one of those days where everyone and everything pisses me off . 
Why is everyone in such a bad mood change your tampons and suck it up . I think tonight is gonna be great . 
Something about winter just makes me really depresed . It makes me feel really weird 
Nah that shit aint cool 
A little more calm then I was still a little iritated though . 
Your just mad because you smell and your momma dresses you funny . 
I'm glad I have one but I hate my job with a passion . I'm thinking it's time to go job hunting before i snap . 
still looking for < PROPMALE > 
Working in a few then i dont know any ideas let me know ? 
Drinking a beer in my recliner in my house while listening to sirius radio . Awsome 
You idiots had your < PROPMALE > and you failed so back off I'm not interested . Find some tool to screw like you always do and leave me alone . I'm happy with what I got . 
Ok time to kick it into high gear before I screw myself 
I need money who wants to donate ? I only take donations in unmarked $100 bills . 
I have a million things to do and I'm sick bad combination . 
Moving time 
The house is now draft free and ready for the ice storm bring it on !!!! 
Well turns out I work at 10 am tomorow [ last minute schedule change ] and stay till god knows when just so some ass holes can eat pizza . So I will be putting my life on the line and putting my plans on hold for meager monetary gain . Lifes a bitch sometimes 
Well long day is over front door is mexcanised to keep out the cold and now I relax and wait for my beautiful girlfriend to come home . 
Chilling before work 
Day off tomorow that means i have time to get some stuff done woohoo 
Deftones concert for my birthday still have to wait till june but its totally worth it . Thanks < PROPFIRST > I love you . 
I love having my own place . Currently blasting some heavy metal and no one is here to tell me to turn it down hahahaha awsome . 
Super bowl sunday . Wish i could watch the game but i need the money so i have to work 
Greenbay thats all I have to say 
Legally drunk for the first time ever . Wooohoooo 
Happy birthday to me . 
No hangover 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Whats going on tonight people hit me up . 
I hate this town . 
ready for this day to end . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > kong eggfu < PROPFIRST > fortune cookie always wrong . 
Stony is the crustiest vato I have ever witnessed so don't harsh his gig buuuudy . 
Insomnia strikes again . 
Getting ready for the chaos that will take place at work tonight happy singles awarness day . And to the lucky ones like myself happy valentines day . 
Thinking about shit kicking . 
almost concert time . Wooo hooo 
Yaaaauuuugh 
sometimes you just have to play the hand god gave you . 
excited can\t wait for saturday to come . Gonna be awsome " 
Allright about to go set up then get this going . Hopefully everything runs smooth and stays drama free and if not i'll have some fun with the little idiots hahahaha . Good day 
You got knocked the hell out . 
trying to save up come extra cash . 
Would just like to wish a happy birthday to my awsome girlfriend I hope you and your sister have a good birthday . 
good news rammstein is comeing to the usa bad news only 7 cities are on the list none of wich are near me damn it . 
i want to explode !!!!!! 
i have found that this damn dog is to sensitive it cant be alone or it goes insane meaning i get a headache and cant sleep so now im having second thoughts . 
i win 
and drunk 
ah shut the hell up 
well looks like things are gonna get interesting . My past seems to always bite me in the but when I am not expecting it . 
the question is not a matter of did I do it or not , the question is what are you gonna do about it ? 
one day this is all gonna pay off and i will look back at this and laugh . 
about to raise some hell . they messed with the wrong whiteboy this time . 
well I feel like an asshole . 
sipping on a mickeys and thinking about life and such . 
i dont mind being stabbed in the back but dont lie about it . 
insomnia again . 
to the idiots who walked out in front of me on broadway your welcome . why you ask because i hit the e-break and stoped my vehicle before you became a pancake so your welcome dumbass 
i'm really starting to hate this town more and more everyday . It's starting to make me question my sanity and why I continue to deal with all this crap like the same stupid job since I was 17 and the lack of options in this town . I HATE IT !!!! maybe it's the fever talking but I just needed to get that off my chest . 
country music is the devil . 
I really dont know how you can look at yourself in the mirror and lay your head down at night . People like you make me sick . 
i think this heathen is going to church . 
stalkers lol 
you might be a redneck if you answer the phone and say yellow instead of hello . I said hello not what color is your underwear 
well that inhaled most vigourously . 
