FB deleted me 

fuck life 
idk what to say anymore 
going to my pool 
Feels like hell right now 
\Was I out of line ? Did I say something way too honest that made you run and hidw like a scared little boy ? \"" 
ROFLMAO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
to the idiots who have/have had my password : Eat a < PROPMALE > , bugging someone's computer is LOW AS HELL . Others : sorry if anything unnessacary happened from this account/previous accounts of mine ; I did not know my passwords were being stolen . 
On another note : Some tard actually asked me to go home with him , lol !!!!!!! Bet it feels good to be told you would have better luck taking home a zoo hippo in front of your friends ! Some people ask for it ! 
Not wasting my breath 
Those \Bumpit\ " thing are completely retarded ... " 
Is a little upset , but the show must go on 
Busy for today 
What a night ; I think I must be a little much for those poor Racine folks . Lol 
I saw the plot of land where Dahmer's apt . used to be .... Crazy ! 
Helllo world !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Becker is a truly awesome politician , lol 
Go packers ! Is it just me of does Rogers look somewhat good now ? 
omg .... 
MJ's ghost ? Lol . Retards 
Kenosha : Waste of space , seriously . 
Yay ! Birthday is approaching ! 
Re god damn diculous !!!!!! 
Im sooo sick of these out of shape chics trying to model ! I'm sorry but when chunks of your fat have to be airbrushed out of the picture , you and your life are pathetic 
\The fact that just because you look the way you do people think your like some bimbo or something . You are prolly one of the coolest girls i know lolDont judge a book by its cover lol \"" 
Really wants to throw herself into traffic . To be more simply put for all you morons out there . I better watch it before someone takes it the wrong way ..... oops 
Bazooka 
Wants to launch certain people to the < PROPFEMALE > with a bazooka 
VR fucking C 
So < PROPFIRST > Melcher spilt a drink and gave me REGULAR um um soda with rum . < PROPFIRST > made fun of everyone , and one other DOUCHE cunt refused to take a picture with the rest of his st. Catherine's short bus clan hum hum . but otherwise it was a great night with many uses of the C-bomb and such ....... I love it ! 
VRC wednesdays = hangover 
Got so fucked up last night during the predrink that I passed out on my living room floor and didn't even make it out ! LOL 
\Sweet dream or a beautiful nightmare\ " What the fuck ever ! ALAZOPRAM BITCHES !!!! " 
just a bitchin ' good time ! 
Is turning out year number 23 on top ... BAZOOKA ! 
ANYONE KNOW HOW TO GET WATERPROOF MASCARA OFF ! I've tried eye make-up remover , dish soap , hand soap , makeup remover and im left with clumpy mascara STILL and dry watery eyes . COME THE FUCK ON ! It said waterproof not fucking PERMANENT mascara !!!!!! 
Got it off ! 
A night at home 
Another year and I can legally rent a car , there really is nothing to look forward to but getting old ! Here comes the quarter life crisis ! 
there's Nothing to Look Forward To in the landmark birthday department , ever again , except being 80 or 90 and not cacking over dead . The only thing turning 24 has going is that it's the last birthday before I turn 25 , and then 30 . Maybe just maybe , one day I can say I'm a grown-up now . 
So someone got shot in the parking lot of Wal-mart in Racine , on my birthday !... Two shootings in how long ? Stay out of that hood ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes . Some people need to keep in mind when their day comes around I'm going to show the same treatment they gave me . The end and have a fan fucking tastic day ! 
Wants to see Paranormal ? Any takers ? 
Groceries , then filling out some apps . Bazooka mondays ! 
Ambien and a bag of frozen raspberries .... Not a good idea 
NAMELESS SN 3:01 pm ugh that haggy whore NAMELESS SN #2 3:01 pm i would just shoot NAMELESS with a bazooka NAMELESS SN 3:02 pm lmfao i would pee in NAMELESS dad's eyes and make him lick my dirty anus NAMELESS SN #2 3:02 pm LMFAO dirty ass families NAMELESS SN 3:03 pm staple his eyes open and then blow dry them put a mousetrap on his < PROPMALE > 
kenosha goes to milwaukee tonight ! Bazookalicious ! 
Didn't go to milwaukee tonight instead stayed yocal . \God damn cum dumpster \"- nameless . \ " searching for \ " nameless's\ " < PROPMALE > is like searching for a needle in a haystack \"- nameless . If you were there tonight you know who nameless is ! " 
Make them sit in a shopping cart with a SALMON , tape them , and throw them down micklnley hill onto thin ice 
Doing it big in Kenowhere ! Ridin ' dirty ! 
\That will be in your STALKER feed \"" 
St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Alumni group is cracking me up ! Best idea I've had in awhile ! 
What is this Live news feed shit ? It's STALKER FEED ! Could facebook get anymore retarded ? You could stalk the hell out of someone on this thing ! RETARDED ! 
Ga gossip girls ! 
HATES adolescents ..... THANK GOD I wasn't cursed with one . Children should never grow up into their adolescent years . 
< PROPFIRST > in spandex = Sexy 
Happy Veteran's Day ! God bless all those who have served , or are serving our country . 
< PROPFIRST > Rodgers rocks my socks 
God damn 
Thank you for being my friend and impacting my life positively . :-) and thank GOD I'm not < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
ikjenrotjhidkfng mmmmmhmmmm 
Excited for < PROPFEMALE > Arbor Thanksgiving Celebration , New < PROPFEMALE > , and The Packers vs . Lions game in Detroit baby ! Yeah ! 
Can you stomach your pitifull , meaningless existence ? I think not . REALITY CHECK 
Being a Grade A asshole is something to be proud of right ? Yes it is :-) 
Keno again ::: Ugh ::: 
Fucking dirty detroit got me sick ! That city is a dump ! 
I'm sick in Wisconsin bitch ! 
101.8 temp ! Oh yeah ! Feels awesome ! :-( 
My face had an allergic reaction to an eyebrow waxing . Sensitive skin ... Oh yay ... What else is new . ::: Rolls eyes ::: How shitty ! 
PAckers !!!!! 
Cable just went out . I think this SLUSH fall may knock out the power .... GOD DAMNIT 
I'm totally not conditioned for this weather 
Destruction , one account at a time 
Can't sleep and is craving DOUGHNUTS 
The holidays are the MOST STRESSFUL time of the year .... Without a doubt . 
Eats like a fatass 
I'm a whole lot of \Personality\ " right ? LOL . But I really am ! " 
In a good mood ! Even though my Farmville crops have withered :( 
I hate December 24th , I hate Christmas I hate NYE I hate New Year's Day . Happy holidays and pop yourselves 
Tight jeans double D's all the people on the street go woohoo woohoo ! ( Relax it's lyrics from Starrstruck ) . Anyways excited for the shenanigans of tonight ! 
LAst few days have been a mess but all that has come from it is : I microwaved my phone , and Lambeau was fucking cold ! 
Some people royally screw themselves over . I know better than to ever care at all . You .... don't and will not , you'll see . 
Yay for socialism ! ((( Spits ))) 
I had to make that ugly christmas photo my main due to all the people doing it before me 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are going into buisness as gravediggers , and with that bit of info I am going to bed loves ! LOL 
At MY house , trying to type with my new playboy airbruhed acrylics with the Mercedes-benz in the garage . :-D Yes , life is good 
At MY house , trying to type with my new playboy airbruhed acrylics with the Mercedes-benz in the garage . :-D Yes , life is good Oh and my cute < PROPFEMALE > LITTLE LEXI LOU(My dog ) is sitting happily in my lap . Good things eventually happen to cunts like me :) 
ugh 
Cocaine payne , Suicide Schroeder , and Braindead Brandt . 
My phone is BROKEN 
Spilt coffee on phone and can't type for shit with my nails done , and they are fucking loooonnnggggg . Obviously , since it is broken , I can't answer the phone or even know who is calling . Leave me a messsge on here for now please , until the POS is backm in buisness . FML !!!! Nicci 
Light up the night productions models in the shoot on the 12th of Febuary : Please check out the memo in your inbox and contact me if interested in any of my services for the shoot 
I am sick and this sickness is my fault ! :-D 
I hate status messages , does the world REALLY need to know what the fuck is going on with my life or what other dumbass thing I did and how recently I royally fucked myself ? NO . yEAH \Work sucks\ " \ " my man is the bestest !!!!! i love him sooo much !!!!! \"\" Out with the girls tonight yay ! \ " Fuck off .... VOMITS " 
WINNER ! HAHA : The Charizard : While doing a hairy girl , light her pubes on fire . Then , put some of the fire out with your cum . Then wave your arms wildly yelling \You can't train me ! You don't have enough badges ! \"" 
Oh xanax , my dear sweet Benzodiazapene . Where would I be without all you're < PROPFEMALE > ? 
When you comprehensively find a route to elude all the inner-turmoil and narcotize the stress let alone the malaise ; that course is additionally tagged by others the route to nowhere , the path to self-destruction . Feasibly , I guess I just exist as self-destructive and my foremost challenge in life exists as AFFIRMATION of whom as well as what I am ; and my path : eliciting the adeptness to change what I can . 
I've never kissed a girl , engaged in sexual activity of any kind , kissed a boy , engaged in the use of alcohol or drugs , danced naked for money , driven really fast in very expensive cars , undergone cosmetic enhancement if any kind ; my looks are like totally real , skipped church on sundays , flirted when I shouldn't have , broken the law , lied , stole , skipped a class , cursed or anything imperfect . 
SILK-Stop by ! 
A FAR CRY FROM WHERE I WAS , but one step closer to where I need to be :-) Couldn't be more happy :-) 
Needs to catch Anorexia ... Will one please sneeze on me ? 
Night bitches ! ;-) Because talking sweet just isn't my thing 
Nothing to do , so nothing to say 
Facebook-No shortage of douche to make fun of .... Not ever . 
Nothing of interest ... Call me 
So bored ! Tv time :-) Fuck the stress ! 
Coachhouse ! OH SHIT ! < : -0 
Needs to get her Waukesha bartending license ! Oh shit ! 
Just repierced my tongue .... Fucking ow 
Swimsuit show on saturday ! Interested ? Send me a message ! 
Still need girls for the swim show on Saturday ! 
Excited to start my new bartending job on thursday ! 
What goes around ... Comes back around . //////////////Starts new job tommorrow !!!! YAY !!! See you at Coachhouse ! ////////////////// 
I REALLY need a vacation .... 
Passed out with my make-up still on ... Woke up with a pretty pattern colors on my pillows ... GREAT ! Now , I can't fall back asleep :-( 
Took a nap , now I have a feeling it's going to be another long night :( hit me up 
Hungry .... time for a snack of ambien . HA ! Let's see how long I can stay awake .... this ought to be good 
Needs a second bartending job 
Got you on lockdown ;-) 
Frustrated with daily occurences .... When will everything FINALLY be okay again ? 
Needs to find someone decent ... and fuck chat tonight ! Wtf ? 
Nice day .... but to big to look cute .... FML 
Missing the warm weather :( 
kj8i4w9hkjt 
Got a new phone , and I don't have anyone's number anymore . So forgive me and send me it please . 
Why do people feel the need to put all sorts of trivial garbage on a status message ? I'm very limited on what I share to the facebook world . Writing you life's story in status messages is just asking for it . 
Weekend in La Crosse , WI . and Rochester , Minn . rocked ! Had a blast ! 
Bartending tonight at coach-house , stop by for a drink ! 
Weinerfest in La Crosse this weekend ? or nay ? I love La Crosse , but two weekends in a row , whoa ! With a name like Weinerfest who can pass that up ? Lol 
Lazy weekend ! Can't wait for work tommorrow ! Lol ! It's true ! 
Working tonight , come get a drink ! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man\ 
wishing he could talk softly in her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND\ 
and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her \ 
how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing\ 
he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a \ 
man ... stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're \ 
against Domestic Violence ? 
Pouring drinks tonight ! 
It's fair to say I've made a mess of myself . Why hide under a falsified perfectly plastic identity ? 
Tanning .... Peace out ! 
Time to take it easy ! Two days of drinking in a row is killing me ! I'm an old woman , I don't have the stamina of a 19 year-old who can pound miller lite all day . 
If this past week is what the rest of the summer is going to be like to hell with it ! I will much rather be back in my completely incoherent , numb to any stage of emotion , winter state than handle this trainwreck any day ! 
Despite losing my job , my former boss/Coach-house bar and grill's former bar manager in Waukesha , WI . proved to me that even through the roughest of times , someone actually noticed and appreciated me for the honest , hard-working , loyal , good-hearted person I really am . There are still well-rounded people left in this world who are worthwhile and unselfish . :-) 
:-) 
cant sleepfor shit .. ugh ! I want t o find something fun to do tommorrow ! 
Today I became a victim of identity theft .... Shame on those thieving , hacking computer nerds ! Damn you , the time , and stress you have brought about by your criminal activity ! 
I believe I have Peripheral Neuropathy-To put it short , something is damaged with my nerves and my foot has that numb , tingly feeling you get when it's \Sleeping\ " and it's been like that for days .... UGH ... GO away " 
Sister's graduation party tommorrow .... God 
< PROPFEMALE>'s graduation party today ... Text it 
After a weekend of family ... Well ... nothing .... It was fun ! nothing like pounding it down at your sister's graduation party , lol . 
Excited for the SheEvents parties this weekend ! 
Looking fab now that I touched up my roots ;-) 
Omg soooo geeked for gogo-dancing at warehouse tommorrow for the pridefest afterparty ! YAY ! 
Michigan's tonight ! 
So my life of HELL for the next 2-3 years has begun .... 
Cant wait to start working again .... Damn my foot ! 
In < PROPFEMALE > arbor with the grazianos . Going to the lake house to go boating , tubing , raft floating , fishing , sunning , kayaking and of course eating like pigs the way italian families do ! :-) 
Not ignoring anyone these past few months , just have a lot of shit to deal with so sorry if I've been unresponsive . 
BORING fourth 
Fucking storm ruined my tan ! 
I really really really need to taKe A pic where I'm not looking drunk , large and disgusting ... omg 
What a mess of a week ! Can't stop , won't stop , don't know anymore . All my life I have been chasing something out of my reach ... NO this does not have anything to do with some stupid guy so don't write some crap about that 
I cut myself on some broken glass in my kitchen and now my whole arm is the size of a golf ball ! Probably cellulitis ... I might go get it checked out tommorrow ... sleepp on it 
Nothing of significance to put here so whatever 
So this woman on the Discovery Channel is going to be on bitching about her curse off having 100 orgasms a day ... Are you fucking serious !?!?!?! You DON'T HAVE TO DO ANYTHING ! Blessing or curse ? Ah-duh ! 
On my path to self-discovery .... aka CHECKING OUT , not making any decisions yet on where to finish my bachelor's and what to do from there ... 
Going to the doctor to get this infection checked out again to make sure everything is healing A-OKAY ! 
Do the damn thing ! 
SOMEONE is putting off her morning run .... 
Attack of the allergies going on here ! Had to go to the ER for a severe allergic reaction and now have to < PROPFEMALE > a shot of adrenaline with me at all times in case my throat swells and closes ! STILL can't pinpoint our culprit .... CRAZY ! 
Elated to be starting up at Parkside again for the fall semester ! 
FUCKING STRESS !!! All this bullshit drama is making me FAT ! I just polished off a huge muffin and a whole box of those keebler fudge cookies .... YUMYUM ! OINK 
Oink oink pig pig do away with the fork ! 
School starts soon and I'm in a hurry to get an advisor appt . and register for classes asap ! Anxiety overload 
Slept for 32hrs straight ! Deffinitly sick .... Yesterday was a complete waste because of it . Between this shit and the anxiety over getting registered for classes and everything completed before Parkside starts ... UGH 
Never apologize for being real ... Not ever . Reality is the enemy of fraudulents , the manipulators , the untruthful and the protectors of ignorance . They fathom an existence in which realistic accomplishments , boundaries and lifestyles are not applied to them . 
Excited to start school in 2 days !!! hooray ! 
The cougar has been unleashed ! 
Leaving for class tonight 
After a kickass Friday night it's off to Suite for another bash . 
Apologies to all those who sent me texts or called me this weekend and didn't get a response . Lost the phone . 
At School now . Criminal Justice in 19 minutes .... Got an A on my first quiz ! :-D \ 
Beauty and brains ! HAHA 
I have no phone ! can't find it 
Looking up information to perfect my Criminal Justice research project even more :-) NOTE : I do not/have not checked my messages regularly at all , not in like 4 weeks so don't get pissy cause I don't respond . There are other things to do in life besides sit on FB ... If you want to talk to me punch my number in the phone and speak . 
BTW : Anyone watch bits a pieces of Dancing with the Stars ? OMG ! \The Situation\ " aka < PROPFIRST > from Jersey Shore's FACE ! He got that wrinkly skin taken care of ! Need I say botox ? Looks sooooo much better !!! It's almost sad to think a 28-29 year-old's face needed botox cause it looked so ravaged ... That is what tanning will do to you ! Let that be a lesson to all you kiddies who fake and bake . " 
:-( Don't bother me . Busy mourning the loss of the Packers . 
Pside library listening to the funny guys across from me shit talk some girl's boyfriend . Lol !!! That's Parkside ! 
I'm offically changing my < PROPMALE > to procrasination , with a minor in the consumption of edible substances . 
Phone is lost at Parkside ..... 3rd or 4th discarded phone this year ! 
Bcktrack to last week , my birthday weekend . Had a great time in the dells with the family ! My sister < PROPFEMALE > Schroeder played a vball tournament there . Family got lost in haunted house while dad ran into walls and < PROPFEMALE>'s go-kart crashed and burned . ultimately , I saw PLAINFIELD , WI . ( Hometown of the infamous < PROPMALE > Gein ) . To conclude , I am greatful to my family for making october 16 , 2010 a unforgettable family event 
I have been slacking when it comes to checking this , updating , adding photos , etc ..... Facebook ultimately became a nuisance . The damn promos in the inbox , stupid messages , people whining in status posts about personal issues .... I guess I just kinda lost interest ; or you could ultimately say my tolerance for stupity(messages and status comments on pages ) , creepers , promo adds , and internet drama has decreased 
ATTENTION EVERYONE : WHAT SHOULD I BE FOR HALLOWEEN ? \ 
A ) last years cop costume\ 
B ) burelesque ballerina\ 
C ) Rainbow zebra(gogo zebra costume)\ 
D ) plain gogo dancer\ 
E ) Rainbow brite(rainbow gogo furries , and rainbow fishnets , gloves , top , bottom , etc ... )\ 
F ) Dazzling < PROPFEMALE > ( ALL sequin dress)\ 
G ) JWow\ 
H ) < PROPFEMALE > 
I want pictures from halloween damnit ! Lol . \ 
Heaven forbid I actually manage to keep track of a camera ... 
On another note : Halloween was a blast ! thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! Your the bestest 
Slacking on the studies 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Hmmm .... I wonder why I keep blowing up in size like an inflatible balloon , ugh ... Fatass 
CAN'T FIND PHONE TODAY !!!! So .... CALL IT !!!! n Don't EVER leave Voicemails .... I NEVER check them 
Really REALLY REALLY REALLY need to go back to bed ..... Disrupted sleep 
Intro To Philosophy 6:00 - 8:45 PM 
BTW : I'm going to Packers vs . Bears NFC conference championship game ! 
damn 
The level of incompetency in this world is enough to make you want to commit suicide 
Just now returned the dozens of facebook \pokes\ " I have otherwise ignored . FYI : If you sent me a \ " Poke\ " 4 months ago it just now got returned . " 
Political Science 
I SUCK at checking stupid facebook . Just found out I have 20 pages to read by tommorrow morning .... UGH 
fml 
Has to read for American Politics 
YAY PACKERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! What an awesome night ! I pretty much rolled out of bed and came to school ..... To show my spiri , t I put on packer pajamas and will wander the halls of parkside dressed in such attire . Lol !!!! 
Happy Valentines Day 
Agony ! 
American Politics exam in 15 I'm NOT prepared for 
PEOPLE IN MY GROUP #3 FOR ENGLISH , CALL ME ASAP ( 262)930-1625 . \ 
We need to get moving on our project .... Or at least have a solid idea . 
Someone in the fam , of the few on my friend's list , need to post the pics from Christmas 
Since English is cancelled today I'm at OMSA doing research 
