Celebrating the new year without my husband because he went out to drink with friends , fucking prick . 

Bored out of her mind and not wanting to go to bed . 
Ah , f**k your couch school ! 
I never wanted to see her face again ... 
Ugh , so sleepy , put in my two weeks but still working like a dog . 
Just spent 2+ hours photoshopping penises on my sexy man's ex wife . Heh heh , fucking whore . 
Is the kind of person that walks into a closed sliding glass door , gets up really quickly , and then tries to leave only to run into the second set of sliding glass doors . ( Thanks Petsmart ! ) 
Quit her job officially yesterday and is thrilled ! 
Feels cocky cause she tricked a cop . -insert evil laughter- 
Even though I quit a shitty job , I still don't have a new one and feel even shittier . 
Has a new job and boyfriend ain't pleased . 
Its hot as hell . 
Don't know how I got through the school day but its way worse now . 
Exhausted and queasy . 
No cake for my birthday , but I made some bomb ass < PROPMALE > and cheese and koolaid . I know ya'll are jealous . XD 
Got fired from her job for trying to go to senior awards ceramony . Fuck my life . 
Whoohoo ! Tornado touched down a block from my place ! PARTY ! 
Things are just \Meh . \"" 
Sometimes I just want to randomly break out in song or dance while in public and see if anyone will play along . 
Just got my marriage licsence and will be legally married this coming Monday to the love of my life . 
No , I have never thought about taping my thumbs to my hands to see what its like to be a dinosaur but since you say it's retarded and only an idiot would try it , I'm going to do it . RAWR MOTHERFUCKER !!!! 
My damn driver's side mirror is broken . CURSE YOU HAIL !!!! 
I really wish I didn't have to go to graduation but oh well , I just hope he keeps HIS end of the deal . 
Kinda sad she might have to return her new dog to the shelter , but then again she did $50+ dollars in damage and shit on my floor after being left alone for a couple hours so I'm not too sad . 
DING ! DINNER'S DONE !!! 
Good god I've been bitchy and shitty today . 
I've come to realize that I'm quite the vengeful and spiteful person . 
I feel sick . XP 
Bleh 
If you can't dazzle ' em with intelligence , baffle ' em with bullshit . 
God , fucking damn . 
Don't know who to believe anymore . 
I'm not afraid to die . I just don't want to be there when it happens . 
Stop being stupid .... it's my turn . 
Guess what peoples ? I just found out my baby's sex and it's a little boy ! 
Can someone please explain to my baby's daddy they don't make motorcycle helmets in newborn size ? 
So apparently throwing my own shower is tacky ( even if you don't expect gifts ) , anyone have any ideas for a \baby welcoming party \"?" 
Oh it's just one of those \I'm gonna smack you if you even look at me\ " days . Happy Smacking Day guys ! " 
Really ? I mean , just ... really ?! 
I finally got a crib for the little one ; feels like the due date is slowly sneaking up closer and closer now . 
Pissed off that MY computer's hard drive is full after loaning my computer to my brother . Any ideas on how to clean it up ? I've already removed a ton of unnecessary files . 
I trip balls because I work in a toy store , thank you very much . 
Finally reached the 7 month < PROPFIRST > but people still can't tell . Damn . 
I just realized that I live near a nursing home , maybe I should dress up as the reaper and knock on their windows . 
It's been about a week since the baby was born and I'm exhausted . Nap please . 
I want an overnight nanny or something . Sleep deprivation doesn't look good on me . 
I've created a nightmare of a child , is two weeks the new record now ? 
My brain hurts ... 
I've developed a new appreciation for the sleep deprived . I can't wait for derrek to sleep through the night . 
I got manhandled by a rosebush . -_-' 
My day was uneventful . I'm deeply disappointed . 
I'm so tired I put my car keys in the fridge . O.o 
Bro came home for Christmas ! Gonna enjoy as much as I can ! 
The world could end at any moment so best start looting and rioting now . 
Son now fits 3-6 month outfits and he's not even 2 months old . He's growing up too fast ! :( 
Baby wouldn't stop crying all night last night , felt like a waking nightmare wish me luck for tonight . 
Tired ... again . 
Gonna be a rough night . 
The tooth < PROPFEMALE > teaches kids to sell body parts for money . And we wonder why kids today are f'ed up ? 
is running on caffeine and adrenaline due to not sleeping since 2 days ago . 
h8's wh3n pp ! wr ! t3 l ! k3 th ! $ 
Disappointed : i 
My son has figured out how to play peekaboo , will post evidence sometimes today or tomorrow . 
Babycenter.com drama feeds my llama . XD 
I plan to get a new car . My tranny in my old car is bad and it will cost more than the car is worth to replace it . Wish me luck on the hunt . 
My car just broke down permanently , I blame my husband . 
I know it's childish but when I was shopping for inserts for my shoes the other day , I couldn't stop giggling when my mom said they will \cradle the balls * of my feet *\"." 
I can't believe I slept til 5 . :/ 
On the way to work @ mart 
I LOVE Pizza Land spaghetti ! The cook is freaking awesome ! 
BREAKING NEWS : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On and crashed into We All Have Problems before coming to a complete stop at Get the Hell Over It . Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . 
FML , I hate \Right\ " Warriors . " 
Really not liking my job right now . 
I wanna go swimming , it's so nice today ! 
Thank you to all the people wishing me a happy b-day ! I feel loved ! :D 
HA ! I just saw a status about a woman that had her sister put her BF's sperm in her so she could get pregnant but she never had sex so she's claiming to be the virgin < PROPFIRST > . 
