Is everyone aware that it is Shark Week on the Discovery Channel ? Scary . 

Why is my farm a mess ? I go to work for 16 hours and come back to find everything deleted !!! WTF ? 
boo work :-( 
dear morning , you are my nemesis and i despise you :-( 
SO freaking happy that today is Friday ! 
Only 4 days of work this week ... celebrate . 
tgif 
sick of being sick :-( 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everybody ! :-) 
Boo work ! 
We just finished getting our Christmas tree in the stand . It took 3 hours ! Ridiculous . 
i have the fattest pug ever ... what a chunk 
Global warming my ass ... 
Hopefully , I'll be able to get out of work tonight , but probably not :-( 
Off to work ... 
I LOVE PUGS ! 
this snow blows ... 
Fingers crossed that I don't get stuck at work tonight ... 
Boo to more snow . 
Off work tonight :-) 
SUPER long day today . 
Good stuff is happening today !!!!!! FINALLY ! 
My dog found the only grass in our whole cemented-over yard and dug his way out tonight . Good times ! 
I LOVE DAYS OFF !!!!! 
Last day at CLC :-( 
HAPPY EASTER everyone :-) 
Pittsburgh for the week . 
Worst day ever :-( 
I love LOST ! 
Scrubs and Pugs . Awesome . 
shopping . work . party . yay :-) 
I love the wetlands :-) 
I'm in love with the episode of Southpark where the City Wok guy builds a wall around the town ! Still extremely hilarious :-) 
Pool party :-) 
Why does my father insist on yelling at the news ? LOL 
Boo work :-( 
My pug is 4 today :-) 
Off all day :-) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s wedding weekend :-) 
12 hour day :-( 
Happy Shark Week ! :-) 
worst class ever 
gotta love dem stillers :-) 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO ! 
Walking my dog , then off to work ! 
Day off :-) 
Back to back 16 hour shifts :-/ 
I think I'm getting ANOTHER cold . WTF ? I'm sick of this ... literally . 
hoping to get some sleep tonight . 
Feelin ' depressed , so maybe I'll play the piano today . 
Off to the worst night class that I've ever had the misfortune of being in ! 
Blah . 
work work work 
So ... my sister's dog just puked on me ... my life can't get any better . 
Worst night class ever , then OUT :-) 
Study . Sleep . Work ... a lot of it . :-( 
will get over the past and love my future . 
Today is going to be a good day . :-) 
Vet with Giz in the morning :-( 
Just sit back and wait . Those that hurt you will eventually screw up all by themselves , and if you're lucky , God will let you watch . :-) 
Good stuff is happening ... finally ! :-) 
Put this as your status if you know someone/are related to someone who suffers from being a Philadelphia Fan . Being a Philly Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for PF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 90% of Philly fans wont repost this ... because they dont know how to copy and paste ... or win championships . 
Will not treat you like a priority when you treat me like an option . 
Taking Giz for a long walk , then Dad's birthday dinner and presents ! :-) 
EVERYONE GO VOTE ! 
WOW ! The white trash around here NEVER ceases to amaze me ! Seriously , be more worthless . I've got you beat on my worst day . Bahahahaha 
Giz just tried to mount a little girl pug in the neighborhood ! Poor < PROPFEMALE > ! Haha . 
Loves rainy days :-) 
Studying , then the worst night class EVER ! 
:-( 
Needs some better people in my life ! UGH ! 
Back to back sixteens ... then my birthday ... and my new car ! I think it's just about time for some good stuff ! :-) 
Just got back from hospital ... finally . Feeling better , though . 
Back to the hospital ..... thanks for all the birthday wishes . 
Home ! :-) I'd like to thank everyone for the birthday and get well soon wishes ! I REALLY appreciated them . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > ! :-) 
Herion Barbie ... what NOT to get your kids for Christmas ! I know one , and she's NOT HOT ! BAHAHAHAHA . 
Feeling so sick again ... this sucks :-( 
Watching a movie with my bro :-) 
I pretty much loathe the morning . 
new puppy toys for giz and the chomps :-) 
Bed , then lots of work . Glad to be feeling better ! :-) 
Ah sleep , how I love it !! Then class and my new car ! :-) 
See ya < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE>'s for my belated birthday dinner ( tacos ) and presents !!! :-) 
I wish everyone would take this to heart . There comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy ... Re-post if you agree . 
Why do I wait until the absolute last minute to write long and involved papers ? Responsibility is my middle name ... 
F this paper that's due tomorrow ... seriously . 
SO excited for this week ! Almost all of my bests will be home !!! :-) 
< PROPMALE > Potter was awesome ... and I don't care if I'm a nerd ... clearly . 
If you are young , stupid , without skill or a job and NOT PLANNING ON GETTING ONE , unable to read , and still live with your parents ... PLEASE DO NOT THINK IT'S CUTE TO START POPPING OUT KIDS . Stop posting your baby bump on your facebook < PROPFEMALE > ! Let's face it , they'll be just as stupid as you are . I'm just writing what you all are thinking . Seriously , screw Latrobe ... looks like everyone else already has ! BAHAHA . 
LOTS to do tomorrow . 
Busy busy day today . 
Is extremely and truly thankful for the life I have compared so some around me . Today , it's good to be me . :-) 
Happy day with good friends ... FINALLY ! :-) 
Happy Thanksgiving :-) 
punkin chunkin 
Burlesque was amazing ... go see it . :-) 
Happy day today ... brunch with the girls , movie with my sister , and then < PROPMALE>'s for dinner and drinks with everybody . I wish I had more days like today . :-) 
Wants to know at what age am I old enough to know better ? 
Feeling miserable :-( That's what I get for being happy for 2 weeks ! Blah . 
Oooh . I love anything on television about the ocean ... and sharks . Yes , I'm aware that I'm a dork . I've come to terms with it . 
There is an enormous Christmas tree in my living room , naturally :-) 
BRT night tomorrow :-) 
LOTS of cleaning ( like always ) and decorating . 
sleeping in tomorrow . 
Why is the X-files boxed set still so expensive ? Geez . It's old , you'd think they'd lower the price already . ( We've been over my nerd factor before ... ) 
BED ! Lots of stuff tomorrow ... big surprise :-( 
Wants to know why it's \common sense ? \ " It's clearly NOT common . It should be called sense : a rare condition that few possess . HA ! " 
Working for dad today :-) 
Needs a new dentist because my tooth is about to break ... any ideas ? < PROPFEMALE > Monaco ... fix me ! 
Nap then night class . 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of childhood memories . This is a movement to condemn the violence against children . 
Psych test . 
IN LOVE with Grace Potter and the Nocturnals . 
I need a nap . 
Making tea and reading ! This snow is GREAT :-) 
Cleaned Beaker's cage :-/ Birds are gross ... don't get them ! 
Cleaning and cooking for BRT night :-) Ah fun ! 
CPR in the morning ... blah ! 
CPI ... apparently , I got my trainings mixed up last night before bed ! 
Would you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to say THANKS to a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who passed away on Dec . 6 while serving our country -- USMC Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > died in Afghanistan and leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx . 24 hours after news of his death . Please pray for this family . Semper Fi ! 
Pray for a strong mind , and open heart , and a peaceful soul . 
Psych final , then sleep .... deja vu 
Patiently waiting to move the f out of this craphole ! You know , when a pile of money presents itself . Ha ! 
No , no , no . I didn't trip and fall on my butt in front of a BUSY street with LOTS of people looking . I was making sure gravity still worked . Classic me .. at least I didn't break a tooth . :-/ 
I just spent the last 3 hours in Walmart . OBVIOUSLY , this was a huge mistake . The entire population of Latrobe/Derry apparently resides in Walmart , limping for unknown reasons ( probably to scam Welfare ) , and possess all sorts of speech impediments . Oh , and one guy was even missing an eye ( not kidding ) . Does anyone remember my rant about moving out of this craphole the other day ? Case and point ... 
Bursch family Christmas party with my bestie ! HAPPINESS :-) 
Sitting at home in my red and green pajamas . Working a 16 hour shift tomorrow , but that's alright , because my client is a blessing to be around and it'll still be Christmas , even though I'll miss my family ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! :-) 
Man shall live forever more because of Christmas day . ( Lyrics from my favorite Christmas song ) < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! :-) 
Rolling halupkis and making potato salad . This was my only day off to do it , so YUM ! :-) 
Mortal Kombat vs . DC Universe with my bro . :-) 
BAHAHAHAHAHAHA :-) 
ugh . 
Well , my tooth broke today . AWESOME ! ( Some of you might remember this ! Haha . ) 
suck a fat one < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Having such a craptastic day :-( 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > MAYO :-) 
ah bed :-) 
WHAT A BAD DAY ! UGH ! Someday , I swear , I'm moving to Texas . YEAH , I SAID IT . 
Wow . People are just terrible and they lie ALL the time . WTF ? Lol . Ridiculous . \ 
\ 
GO STEELERS ! :-) 
WOOOOOOHOOOOOO !!!!!! :P 
stressed :-/ 
UGH ! 
On this lonely road of faith\ 
I have been there\ 
Unprepared for the storms and the tides that rise 
