is super excited about the Ohio Wine Festival in August ! www.ohiowines.org 

happy to have the day off ! 
geez , I can't believe my second cousin is older than I am ;) 
is so excited Angeeneh just got a job in Tampa ! 
is loving life ! It's all coming together ! 
off work and ready to go ... 
back to the grind stone 
In Wyoming I dodged antelope and deer ... here it's raccoons !! What gives ? 
can't wait for the Vintage Ohio Wine Festival ! 
the Scrappers may have lost but I still had a great time at the game ! 
is reading 10-10-10 by < PROPFEMALE > Welch 
I know it's sick , but I can't wait to see who the Bachelorette picks tonight ! ;) 
geez .. the bachelorette was a bit disappointing ... poor little < PROPMALE > ... 
What a gorgeous day ! I'm so glad I got to spend part of it by the pool ! 
Ohio Wine Festival , here I come ! 
heading to the Scrappers game ! 
why does love have to feel like a battlefield ? 
getting ready to witness < PROPFIRST > Getsy's execution . Reaction from the victim's family tonight at 6 on WYTV and WKBN . 
is wiped out ... 
When you came in , the air went out . 
Can't wait to see my family and friends in < PROPMALE > ! 
What an awesome concert Journey was and those girls with Heart -- quite the set of pipes !! 
loving the Florida sunshine ! 
getting ready for tonight's MDA telethon . 
Just finished up helping host the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > MDA Telethon tonight -- so much fun ! 
If you haven't already please make a donation to < PROPFIRST>'s Kids ! I know times are tough right now , but imagine what it would be like having to buy a new wheelchair right now because your son or daughter was just diagnosed with MS or ALS . 
Just finished watching the season finale for True Blood -- I can't believe I have to wait until next year for the next season . 
I think my brain is going to explode , I'm reading a book about quantum physics ... must take a break ... ;) 
Can't wait to go get a massage tonight ! 
my awesome time in Chicago ! 
had fun hanging out with the < PROPFIRST > Clarkson crew ... 
ladybugs are taking over my balcony ;) 
has become obsessed with < PROPFIRST > Handey quotes all of the sudden . Anyone have a good one ? 
Vegas baby !! 
is about to be transformed into a zombie .. but not just any zombie , mind you ... a former las vegas showgirl ! 
work .. work .. and more work 
can't wait for Niagara Falls--it's my first time ! 
is blessed by birthday wishes ! Thank you ! 
Thanks everyone for the fabulous birthday wishes ... it was a good one ! 
wishing everyone a wonderful Thanksgiving ! 
the countdown to Vegas begins .. Saturday will be here before I know it ! 
Vegas was so fun !!! 
My phone has been lost -- I need everyone's digits ! 
I just finished watching the < PROPMALE > finale .. and I am sick over it . < PROPFEMALE > was so beautiful and sweet ! Why did this have to happen ? Tears are streaming down my face ... 
I got to interview country superstar < PROPMALE > Rogers tonight ! It was so awesome ! 
is feeling blessed . Wishing everyone a wonderful Christmas ! 
New Year . New life . 
Can't wait for < PROPMALE > ! 
Staking out < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > tonight . Shhh ! Don't tell ... 
Enjoying < PROPMALE > 
Anyone know anything interesting going on in Youngstown or the surrounding area ? Or a new program that would make a good news story .. or maybe an interesting person to highlight in a news feature ? I need an idea for a story Wednesday -- it can be about anything . 
Sometimes you just have to take a deep breath and remember all that your thankful for instead of focusing on what's stressing you . 
wine and chocolate solves everything ! 
off to the big city ... 
You have brains in your head . You have feet in your shoes . You can steer yourself any direction you choose . You're on your own and you know what you know . And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go ! 
Helping our troops ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment ... 
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around ... Leo Buscaglia 
sometimes you just have to keep on keeping on ... 
A setback is a setup for a comeback ! 
excited about the downtown dash ! 
Thank God for new beginnings ! 
Watch your thoughts , they become words . Watch your words , they become actions . Watch your actions , they become habits . Watch your habits , they become character . Watch your character , it becomes your < PROPFEMALE > . 
Anyone ever been to Costa Rica ? I'm planning a trip and looking for experiences/advice/must do's/must be careful of ... 
On my way to Chicago soon ! 
Just got back from a beautiful wedding ! All the best to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Garcia !! 
Countdown to < PROPMALE > T-2 days ! 
Just one more day !! 
enjoying Florida , friends and family . 
Back in the swing of things ! 
Thinking about Costa Rica ! 
The minute you choose to do what you really want to do , it's a different kind of life . \ 
-Buckminster Fuller 
Just got back from the park . Feeling good . What a gorgeous day !! 
It amazes me how two people can be going through the same experience and yet experience something else entirely . 
Thinking about our troops , past and present . God bless . 
Costa Rica's just one more day away !! 
Hopping on the plane now ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
This place is amazing !! 
More pics to come ! 
Getting ready for a fun night out in < PROPFEMALE > for the Small Ships Revue . 
Happy Fourth of July everyone !! 
I'm working on my painting for the Festival of Arts this weekend . Does anyone have a good picture of the Youngstown Skyline I could use for inspiration ? 
My love for painting has been reborn ! 
excited about Chicago 
the movie Inception is seriously intense ! Can't wait to see it again . 
Excited about the Vintage Ohio Wine Festival . 
Preparing for the execution of < PROPMALE > Davie .. heading to Lucasville to witness and report on it . 
Just found out a friend of mine from high school died in Afghanistan while on his third tour of duty . I'm saying a prayer for his new wife and unborn daughter . 
Anyone that wants to come cheer my on at this celebrity horse race tomorrow at the Canfield fair is welcome to come ! It's at the grandstands around 1 pm . If I win , I'm donating the $300 purse to < PROPFIRST > Wilcox and his family . He's the 2-year-old from Austintown battling leukemia . Should be fun ! 
Riding high from the Canfield fair ... 
Time for the MDA telethon--it's on from 9 to midnight out at the Eastwood Mall . Come out and help make a difference ! See you there . 
Loving this cooler weather ! 
There's no words to describe the significance of this day . But it's one that's touched all of our lives and one which will impact every generation to come . Take a moment today to remember and reflect . 
So excited my sister is coming into town ! 
the second episode of < PROPMALE > on Sunday ... 
Today is my day for fantasy football ! I just feel it . 
Check out the series on Hoarders tonight on WYTV and WKBN news at 6pm 
The Hoarders stories will only air on WKBN at 6pm ... 
Get ready for part 3 of the Hoarders series where we take you inside the home of a family in Columbiana featured on the A&E Hoarders show . 
I want thai food ! 
God bless our veterans ! 
I need a win in Fantasy Football this week !! 
Thank you so much everyone for all the birthday wishes ! I feel blessed . 
Sometimes you've just got to keep on keeping on . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone and many blessings ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > has saved me this week in Fantasy ! I feel a win coming on . 
I was just telling my sister last night how we haven't had any snow yet ... I get up and there it is , like it never left ;) It does look pretty though ! 
Orlando .. I can almost feel the sunshine ! 
I've lost my cell phone ! 
I made it to the finals in Fantasy Football ! 
So excited ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Just one week left ! 
Does anyone know a reputable , reasonable moving company ? 
I'm really going to miss Youngstown . I've met some really great people here . 
loving the sunshine and palm trees ! 
Go Steelers !! 
Steelers baby !! 
Heading to South Beach ! 
About to do a story on the Big Cats Sanctuary in Tampa--it's the biggest of its kind in the world . Can't wait to see all of the amazing tigers and lions . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ! 
Strange Fact : I met \Bubbles \"-- Michael < PROPMALE>'s chimpanzee yesterday ! " 
