yay for a new year maybe it'll be better 

wonders if it is lame that her main reading is juvenile fiction 
yay for work and life ! just yay ! 
wants you to recommend good books for her ... she has a 15 hour plane flight in a couple of weeks ! 
totally shouldn't work at a bookstore ... it just makes her want to buy the books that she is busy \zoning\ " all day lol " 
is getting married in 3 mos , tomorrow ! : 0 ) 
is getting married in 3 mos and is leaving the country in 4 days whoppie ! 
is in Thailand and CANNOT wait to update pictures ! 
jumped off a 40ft high metal pier , is finally over jet lag , might possibly have the swine flu , and has taken about 1800 pictures/videos with 4 gigs and 5 days left in country : 0 ) 
is back in the country ... more updates and pictures to follow ... after I sleep for like forever ! : 0 ) 
is excited that you can buy a thai grill from grocerythai.com : 0 ) !!! I'll get it for our reunion/banana party ! : 0 ) 
is still getting over jet lag , has her first day back at work , still needs to upload pictures .... but its all day hump day girl friend wednesday ! 
is happy its all day non throwup thursdaY ! And she has a honeymoon to the Mexican mayan riviera : 0 ) 
had fun at alumni day at the snow flex ... now she has to go be a grown up and go to work ... 
really misses her thailand team mates : 0 ( 
wants to fall into the sky 
Okay sure we could meet at your office ! It'll be sad not fitting a ton of girls in your car : 0 ( What time do you want to meet ? 
Thinks its sad how much food can cost for a wedding : 0 ( And she knows that she hasn't posted Thai pics yet ... but will hopefully soon .. 
life is getting busy crazy , misses her team like crazy when she sees thai pictures and is marrying into such a sweet , beautiful , loud and crazy Italian Family .... and marrying the man of her dreams ! She's just truly blessed by the Lord of the Universe : 0 ) 
has a staff sticker ... and can officially park nowhere ! yay ! But she has already found two of her Thailand team mates ! yay ! : 0 ) 
is finally officially done with her internship and is officially graduated : 0 ) now what ? oh yeah ! wedding ! and maybe .... thailand pictures ? lol 
just uploaded 1,069 photos from her Thailand trip ! enjoy ! : 0 ) I will tag you all later ! sheesh ! 
is moving into her new apartment later today ! She gets to wake up early to pack , yay ! 
is going to unpack today ! yey ! 
is getting married in 29 days ! holy cow@ ! 
is 25 days and counting , got a rehersal dinner place , is almost done organizing the apartment , knows where she can take her dress inorder to get it done in time , just for the decorations and the flowers ! 
20 days ?! 
2 weeks ! anyone know a good place in Lynchburg that does hair ? 
is creating an army of bowed wedding favors ... making ribbon bows is tricky ! 8 days and less than two hours till the big day ! 
seriously ? They found a dead whale in my home county ? Random ! 
is really starting to feel overwhelmed by this whole final to do list thing .... 
is determined to be productive today ! : 0 ) 
is officially not allowed to bounce around anymore as it will affect the hair : -0 
is in the < PROPFEMALE > AirPort waiting for the Cancun flight with her husby ! ( Yay for mini computers !!! ) 
< PROPFEMALE > en mexico practicando espanol , e es muy triste : 0 ( pero ustedes necessitan * upload * mas photos de boda ! POR FAVOR ! 
finally uploaded honeymoon pics and puppy pics ... soon to upload wedding pics ! 
received her new driver's license ... seriously what's up with VA now ... but it says < PROPFIRST > EVANS : 0 ) 
will always remember the 5th of November .... 
was organizing an old batch of XI thailand pictures today at the same place where she went and felt extremely nostalgic : 0 ( 
has rainboots finally ! Seriously ? How many years in Va ? Especially drenchburg did it take her ??? 
cannot believe that Eastover is THIS WEEKEND ... Yay ! : 0 ) 
is going to the midnight showing of New < PROPFEMALE > ! 
the film caught on fire ... so I think we missed a few scenes ... but yeah ... I'm still Team Jacob ... because HE NEVER LEFT : 0 ) 
Puppy pup is stressing me out .... tearing open the bag of < PROPFEMALE > litter and covering the entire living room is not fun ... one more thing to not put on the floor ! 
< PROPFIRST > has officially invaded one of my laptops with linux 
had lots of fun with her hubby , Angi Whitworth and < PROPMALE > : 0 ) 
had fun with her Chicago team tonight : 0 ) 
my first adult snow day ( where work is closed ) means waking up at 8 am to help dig my husband's car out of the snow and finding out that he'll be living at < PROPFEMALE > the next two days until they plow our road ( covered in 2 feet of snow ) because his job is \emergency services\ " for all those dlp students not in lburg .... I hope you're happy . " 
Merrry Christmas ~ ! 
completed her concealed < PROPFEMALE > class requirement with a 100% ! :-) 
Oh to be out of her reading slump ! And the amazingness to be incapable of reading a second installment in a series ... but oh how it hurts to not have it in my immediate clutches ... or worse to have to wait 6 plus mos for the new book . I am going to figure out a way to get authors to send me their books ... don't they want my critical review ? 
is thinking that the dog is driving her nuts ~ 
I updated the blog with more Christmas Vacation adventures to follow . Neverhaveiever-erin.blogspot.com 
found Etsy , loved it , and blogged about it ! Neverhaveiever-erin.blogspot.com 
HAS her first syllabi for her FIRST MASTERS class ! EEEEE ! : 0 ) ( yes I'm a nerd w/e ) I'm 22 and going to get my Master's for free so nRRRR ! : 0 ) 
I am desperately stalking the mailbox . I want my Concealed Handgun Permit and my Diploma to arrive ! Meh ! 
my dog keeps eating my textbook ! 
is currently submerged in text book reading and giving people refunds at the bookstore .... ummm I dont know when I'll see daylight . 
has caught a cleaning bug ... but really has no idea where to start :-/ ! 
didn't have the best day at work today :-/ 
sTILL does not have her diploma ... but appearantly < PROPFEMALE > has her records and she could order a reissue ... lame ? I'm calling registrar on Monday to find out what is up . 
loves that her husband can drive a buick through an unplowed road , l33t skills my friend , l33t ... wait ... can you say that not refering to something in the computer realm ? either way I'm proud : 0 ) 
is afraid that all this snow means that she'll be trapped in her apt for the next however long ... where she will probably not see her husband in those 3 days because he is < PROPFEMALE>'s essential services . :-/ 
The snow is falling and < PROPFIRST > got to come home for the day . Hopefully it won't be to bad tonight when he has to go back ! 
is getting new glasses gracias a < PROPFEMALE > . 
Actually got her diploma today ! Or at least the first one ... appearantly they forgot that I double majored .... 
finally has her chp : 0 ) 
lost her keys in Campus North ... : 0 ( 
lost her keys last night , puppy ate her new glasses frames this morning , but has an amazing hubby who drove around town after being awake 12 + hours to get another car key made while she was at work . Overall , she's pretty lucky : 0 ) 
is reaaaaaaally itching to travel ... 
it is snowing ... again ... seriously ? 
is still looking for a church in the lburg : 0 ( She misses having a local home church . 
enjoyed a park outing in FLIP FLOPS with puppy and husby . 
wants to know why it is snowing ! 
is exhausted just thinking about more research for a paper that is due on Sunday . meh ! 
dude ! You can ride an elephant for $5.00 at the Natural Bridge ZOO ! 
has a date with a 12-15 < PROPFEMALE > paper ... and is NOT excited . 
so much for being a grad student and learning not to procrastinate ... : 0/ 
thinks < PROPFIRST > is obnoxious with 20 hours of sleep 
needs to be productive today .. but is enjoying having the day off ! 
really really wants to go to the beach : 0 ( 
Seriously Obama .... if you have to advertise on my bn.com through Doctors for < PROPFEMALE > Action for health care .... it probably means that we ( the < PROPFEMALE > n people ) do not want it . Just thought I would let you know . 
really wants either a s&w 637 or Taurus 85 , silver and pink grips please ! 
is listening to speeches on CSPAN , Health Care vote today . Forced < PROPFEMALE > is not < PROPFEMALE > it is theft ! 
is pretty sure that even though HC passed at 219 this fight is not over , there are States that are against this inconstitutional act . 
Questions asked today from 3 different people : \Are you carrying a real gun ? \ " \ " What kind of job do you have to have a handgun permit\ " and \ " Why are you packing heat ? \"" 
new twilight book to be released : The Short Second Life of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > : 0 ) 
6 months , 10-3-09 : 0 ) 
thinks writing a paper on plagiarism for her graduate level counseling class is RETARDED ! If someone does not know how to properly do citations by this time ... give them an F on their paper and call it a day . ( And hand them the proper MLA , APA , or Turabian handbook ) 
officially needs to stop falling down ... not doing so well this week . a bazillion scrapes on my hands and legs : 0 ( . 
is attacking the pet stained carpet ... and is pretty sure she is losing : 0 ( 
is having < PROPMALE > book lust and wants to go on a shopping spree and also a timetraveling trip considering at least 3 of these books are not published yet : 0 ( 
still tears up at the final two episodes of the Gilmore Girls . Another series please !! : 0 ( 
is burnt and tired but had fun at the dc 2nd ammendment rally 
alphabetized her fiction section of books : 0 ) 
eeeee ! is soooo excited that < PROPFIRST > Evans birthday present arrived today : 0 ) and even more of a dork for being to impatient to wait until May 1 to give it to him : 0 ) 
heh a year later and what to show for it ? 
Marriage and Family Therapy , or Professional Counseling ... any opinions ? 
is ti-red from the bookstore today ... 3 more super long days to go ! 
is glad this past week at the bookstore is done .... crazy ... but is not wanting to finish this paper for her final Spring 10 class . Lame ! 
wants to know why she always naturally wakes up like an hour before < PROPFIRST > comes home , and then can't return to sleep till he's home :-/ 
Grey's Anatomy ... still think gun free zones stop crime ? 
still can't believe that she is going to Jamaica this summer ... and its mostly humbled that God knew this would happen from the start : 0 ) 
thinks she should grow up to be a computer ... than she would speak a language to be understood 
got to go shooting today and get her passport sent in . Now she will be anxiously awaiting the return in 2-3 weeks and uploading tons of pictures , after she's a good girl and does her hw . : 0 ) 
Where is my hairbrush ? Oh where oh where oh where , is my hairbrush ? 
feels victorious in attacking the science projects in the fridge : 0 ) 
is not having a great start to her morning .... gracias a 5:30 am wake up call from a puppy who decides to make a few messes :-/ :-( 
never realized how amazing fresh clean laundry smelt and filled up a place with that fresh clean smell .. yay for a working washer : 0 ) 
has no idea what to do for your cultural immersion project and interview :-/ 
really wants to go shooting and have exploding targets after watching \top shot \"." 
was reading emails from an old account from 2002/2003 , feels old , nostalgic towards old friends , and hopes that she can spell/type better . 
has no idea how she's going to manage to get all of her reading done : 0 ( 
the hairstylist said that I could have passed for a highschooler today ... :o ( 
... 
is not having the best day ever ... and its probably her last ' free ' day before Jamaica 
is going to go see the midnight showing of Eclipse : 0 ) 
thinks < PROPFIRST>' computer addiction is interfering with her < PROPFIRST > addiction : 0P lol . And her lack of hw/chores addiction : 0 ( 
thank you < PROPFEMALE > University for scheduling preplanned ... which I was not informed until like two minutes before ... down time for BlackBoard ... um kind of need that to finish up my work .. thanks . 
cannot WAIT to be on island time in Jamaica ; 0 ) 
< PROPFEMALE > University theatre are performing Hairspray and Phantom of th Opera this season , in their NEW theatre :) 
is in Jamacia ! Please continue to pray for my team and I as it is very hot ! Thanks . 
Got to climb a waterfall today ! 
Jamaica halfway point , only 5 ministry days left , crazy ! 
We have had cool weAther thanks for the prayers ! 
Shopping and dominos is pretty fabulous ! 
Is sitting on an adorable cafe leaving Jamaica in the morning 
is at < PROPFEMALE > reflecting on the trip , aweing in God , and excited to see what the future holds !!! : 0 ) PS she seriously feels addicted to missions trips overseas :-/ Not sure what that means lol . 
thinks some people need to wake up BEFORE noon and spend time with her . hmmph 
had a Jerk Burger : 0 ) 
was looking through pictures from college , and misses the gang : 0 ( 
wants to go shooting : 0 ( 
is more than slightly disappointed at the revealed ending of a novel she was reading . : 0 ( The hero just DIED . \And ( so and so ) died 3 days later\ " SERIOUSLY ???!!! " 
is still exhausted . But had fun hosting 3 UK peeps for the day , talking with them , laughing with them , buying a glock with them , and shooting ' big guns ' with them . : 0 ) 
after the tide reaches its height , it inevitably must ebb away ... 
had a nice time hanging out with her mom and hunting for beads to design jewelry . 
hates that being a Christian is ALL \on the job training \"" 
Happy one year old to a cute Beagle puppy ! 
is sad that < PROPMALE > the python is not with us anymore : 0 ( 
Day 1 Rush down , got to help a solider in Iraq order his books , and deal with store craziness . Day 2 will be busier with more people , more phone calls , but at least the days are counting down . : 0 ) 
good busy day at work : helping the newer cashiers , and seeing tons of Xtreme Impacters ! One more day down ... : 0 ) 
is such a nerd , but , was soooooo excited to see copies of MOCKING < PROPFIRST > at the bookstore to be released on TUESDAY : 0 ) EEEEE ! ( Wonders if the manager will let her read it on her break .... ) 
just clocked out at 39:45 not too shabby . And I get to work for \next week\ " starting tomorrow . " 
is going to get through her 5 hour shift and enjoy her two days off ! : 0 ) 
finished Mocking < PROPFIRST > : 0 ) 
officially hates the idea of night shift * pouts * : 0 ( 
realizes that facebook is like a yearbook , that instead of wondering where people are , or what they are doing , you can see/read about it , and realize how much life goes on without you . 
is kind of excited that she can take her Glock apart and put it back together : 0 ) 
finally organized the pictures on her hardrive : 0 ) Now to actually look through and maybe learn how to edit ? Or put her trip pictures and videos together ... that'd be neat ! 
long shift at the bookstore today ... but many more people have red shirts for the game tomorrow : 0 ) 
You know your puppy is bad when you look her in the eye and tell her to come , and she deliberately runs away under the bed .... 
is currently not liking her relationship with statistics :-/ 
is struggling with her homework this week ... dealing with figuring out the probability of combined events with multiple outcomes ... and reading \How to help people change\ " by < PROPFIRST > Adams .... * quits * " 
is not going to lie : she is really proud of the potato salad and pork chops she made for dinner ... even if she's decided that most forms of pork have a weird texture . 
got asked tonight if I was a freshman .... someone should really bottle me up ... I think I'm the fountain of youth . lol 
found a caribbean take-out restaurant on church street ! : 0 ) 
calculating z scores and finding the area for those z scores in normally distributed graphs is currently my life ... but its actually crazy easy so I don't mind . Yay for simple equations and looking up the results in a preestablished chart . * Thanks the geeks who created the chart * 
thinks its funny that < PROPFEMALE > the Beagle LOOOOOOOVES lettuce 
had soooo much fun meeting her Italia teammates this morning ! It's going to be an exciting Summer ! : 0 ) 
wants to know how much sense it is that she read a book last week and did a theory critique , and this week she read another book and is supposed to compare it to last week's theory in this week's theory critique in ONLY 4 pages .... seriously ... isn't that was discussion board posts are for ? 
heading into work . Guess what ? Become a fan of the < PROPFEMALE > bookstore and you can receive 20% off on a gift/apparel purchase between 1-5pm today ! Seeya there : 0 ) 
my new eeepc cord arrived ! Maybe this one will last longer than a year : 0 ) 
is on her way to the OBX : 0 ) 
is home from the OBX : 0 ( but glad to miss the storms and waking up to puking nextdoor campers . * rolls eyes * 
wants to know where she put her keys :-/ 
found her keys hiding on the kitchen table : 0 ) 
wants to know what kind of professor comments in blackboard . \\ 
wants to know if she should go to the football game tomorrow . Usually I'd avoid crazy campus days ... but .... idk . 
has been dating her best friend for 4 years today , and has been married to the man of her dreams , < PROPFIRST > Evans for a year tomorrow : 0 ) 
have I mentioned that I hate certain people working nightshift ? :-/ ( Though I am grateful that said person has a job in said economy to provide for self ) 
had a bad day today . life currently = stress . 
have I mentioned recently that I LOVE Girlmore Girls : 0 ) x a baZIllion ! 
wants an Italian Bible : 0 ) 
maybe she should turn into a computer ... 
is wondering if she should start a blog . I think it'd be loads of fun , but it might end up boring :-/ 
doesn't want to work on finishing her classes this week :-/ 
thinks the weather is being bipolar today : cold , rain , overcast , rainy , brightly < PROPFEMALE > . (?!) 
just enjoyed a beautiful Saturday nap .... dreaming of \point of no return\ " from Phantom ... and Italy ... it was weird lol . " 
is done with statistics forever : 0 ) ( except for reading about it in Journal articles ) 
my new favorite word in Italian : sobreviverte , \will you survive ? \ " learned from watching Mulan's \ " man outta you\ " in Italian on youtube . Man I love the internet . " 
just started a blog ! Its neverhaveiever-erin.blogspot.com 
had a funny encounter at Walmart today while open carrying . A man in is mid 40's came over , literally bent over to look at my hip and asked me , \is that a taser ? \ " He was fully entertained when I told him it was a -real- gun . lol " 
wants to know if she'll ever grow out of being awkward . 
is enjoying the use of linux on her netbook by using a library manager software :) * book geek happiness * 
just watched the social network ... and feels ironic posting it on facebook . 
is excited about the cuecat scanner usb ... this is TOTALLY going to speed up my personal book cataloging process : 0 ) ! 
received the documentary dvd's that < PROPFIRST > and I did in August with < PROPMALE > Shaw on Guns . Really well done : 0 ) 
the puppy is not feeling welll ... and it is raining . Today is going to be a very long day :-/ 
is eating a < PROPFEMALE > cane before thanksgiving to spite < PROPFIRST > Evans . See , I waiting last year because of that certain person ... and ended up not eating ANY < PROPFEMALE > canes . 
just had some random guy show up at her apartment from some wholesale meat place in Roanoke wanting me to check out the frozen cheap meat in his truck ... reason 104 I < PROPFEMALE > a gun . 
just chased the sick dog who has been keeping her up the last few nights , through the woods and across the street after she escaped out of the fence . This dog is on my dislike list currently . Her cute points have OFFICIALLY RUN OUT ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is cuddling next to my feet ... okay maybe she has some cute points returned to her ... * falls for adorable brown eyes * 
they put a new scene and song in MY beauty and the beast ... not sure i approve .... 
had sooo much fun with part of Team Italy celebrating < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Wilhoit's birthday at Moe's Wings . : 0 ) And glad my husband < PROPFIRST > Evans was there to deflect creepy drunk people . 
' s brain is fried after attempting to read Counseling chapters ... and she maybe accomplished a 1/6 of her reading . Smeh 
really wants the Canon PowerShot SX210 is . It is a teeny pocket camera with awesome features ... and the crazy part is that it has 14x OPTICAL ( not digital ) zoom !!! 
smeh meh smeh meh 
wants to go to a Brazilian Churrascaria soooo badly ! 
really really really really really really really really would rather sleep in instead of working at the bookstore this am . 
I actually study for this test and make sure I do more of the readings , put sticky tabs , read over the study guide ... and get an 80 . 4 points less than the previous test of which I did none of those things . :-/ Graduate school is currently kicking my butt . 
is hosting a thanksgiving dinner with some friends for the first time in her apartment : 0 ) And working on icky counseling papers while things are baking/cooling down . 
Created another blog entry : 0 ) 
EE ! Got a 100 on the last paper that she wrote for classes ( during her thanksgiving ) using herself as a trial case to apply a counseling theory !! : 0 ) Maybe I'm kicking grad school's butt !!! 
is in love with her bestest friend <3 
the netbook now has two gigs of ram : 0 ) 
is feeling pretty crappy right now 
is over her attitude problem and excited about her and < PROPFEMALE > Schott ' s joint < PROPFEMALE > themed birthday hangout on Friday evening : 0 ) 
< PROPFIRST > saw the < PROPFEMALE > cake , kiddie jewelry , < PROPFEMALE > plates , and < PROPFEMALE > tablecloth and remarked \this is not how a 23 yr old's bday should look .... that is a bday for a 6 year old\ " lol . Its because boys don't understand . " 
an awesome time tonight analyzing disney flicks . Definitely should happen again ... and it is looking like snow tomorrow on my 23rd bday ! : 0 ) 
just had a free firehouse sub on her bday and flurries have been spotted , and a CHristmas party tonight ... if only homework didn't exist life would be PERFECT ! 
a great weekend that is getting ruined by a counseling paper , test , and project . < PROPMALE > DISLIKE !! 
realized that she forgot to thank everyone for the \happy birthday\ " wishes . Thank you for making my day/life awesome ! " 
buyback , papers , exams , discussion board posts , and the cold weather are making my life crazy ! 
one more paper down , and a Saturday off means SLEEEPING IN : 0 ) 
Found her tacky Christmas sweater ... and finds it rather cute and endearing ... hmm maybe she should wear more tacky Christmas sweaters ? lol 
fan died on my eeepc mini computer :-/ 
Most of the Db's done , one more paper to write , 2 more exams .... and 2.5 busy crazy days of Buy Back at the Bookstore ... and then VACATION where I will freeze in the feetage of snow . * is excited/scare * lol 
One more buyback shift down .... 1.5 more , 2 exams , 1 paper until vacation in the White North . ( aka the police state of upstate New York ) . 
. 5 a shift at the bookstore , 2 exams , 1 paper , cleaning the apt and packing before vacation ! : 0 ) 
is about to work my last 3.5 hours at the bookstore . Won't be returning in the Spring . I will miss all of yoU ! Its buyback ... so let's go out with a bang of competence and customer service : 0 ) 
is sad for everyone she missed saying goodbye too , don't really like goodbyes , and didn't want to get in the way in the crazy of the bookstore . I will miss all of you ! 
despite disliking the amount of time it takes to write papers , I must admit I LOVE the feeling of being surrounded by books for research for papers . I LOVE the feeling of having a personal library for sources for papers : 0 ) * is a total nerd/geek * 
Loved watching Tangled at the cinema tonight , however , is officially creeped out by < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog . I would not let children watch it ... there is a lot of blatant references to voodoo and really evil magic . I was really disappointed . 
An 8/9 hour trip returning from NY turned into an 11 day of being stuck in a car : 0 ( . 
has a pink wii remote : 0 ) for her and < PROPFIRST > Evans ' Wii ! 
Needs to be better about remembering movies before she recommends them to others ... 
http://neverhaveiever-erin.blogspot.com/2011/01/daydreamed-about-being-ordinary.html 
is an overanalyzer planning her life ... while < PROPFIRST > Evans is a self admitted \rider on the river of life letting God be in control so he can sleep during the ride . \ " Oh the joys of merging two lives into one ... but now I have an understanding of why our discussions are the way that they are .... lol " 
Seeing 2 massive shootings on Greys Anatomy and that these do occur in real life DOES NOT mean that guns are evil ... people are evil and fallen and will use any tools to commit awful acts . The travesty is that the honest , innocent people are forbidden to protect themselves ! For the record more people are killed in CAR accidents each year ... maybe we should make people ride bikes instead . 
I should totally be productive today .... :-/ I'm not really a fan . 
is fairly disappointed after knowing that she was going to be in Richmond on Monday and planning to eat Brazilian at this fabulous restaurant ... that its not even open on Mondays ... fail ?! 
wants to know why my computer's fan stops making an awful noise when I hold it on its side ... I prefer this to the lawnmower that is my net book :-/ 
Officially sucks to be anyone who tattoo'd themselves with their astrological sign . They just all changed due to the \axis tilting\ " of the planet . lol " 
I'm pictured in the online version of Richmond Times Dispatch 
< PROPFIRST > = 1 bathroom = 0 ; too bad it was only one room lol 
kind of wants to be aeryn sun when she grows up 
does the snow have a \dislike and go away\ " button ? " 
Don't forget to check out the updated blog ! neverhaveiever-erin.blogspot.com 
is currently at odds with the universe . Randomly woke up at 3:53 am and never could get back to sleep ... 
just bought tickets for Phantom of the Opera at < PROPFEMALE > and Beauty and the Beast for Broadway in Roanoke .... April/May are gonna rock ... and has a very sweet hubster who is okay with going to see Beauty and the Beast on his birthday . 
new blog post ! www.neverhaveiever-erin.blogspot.com 
is marinating on the sermon at Heritage this morning . 
guys ... I want to know how many pairs of pants do you own ? My husband has 24 ! neverhaveiever-erin.blogspot.com 
Whoever invented nightshift is officially my LEAST favorite person in the WORLD . < PROPFIRST>' nightshift+ my light sleeperness = a VERY bad combination :-/ 
finished watching Farscape ... now I can be more productive with my life . 
had a great time at Heritage and Sundae Grill with < PROPFEMALE > Schott and her roommate < PROPFEMALE > and running into < PROPFIRST>'s crew ... for the record we were there first . lol . And all of the other people that I saw at Heritage ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Sipes ) . Now onto homework .... : 0 ( 
another amazing morning at Heritage and lunch at Macados with < PROPFEMALE > Sipes , < PROPFEMALE > Schott , and < PROPFEMALE > : 0 ) ( With < PROPFEMALE > Bowers as our small group discussion leader for Sunday School ) . 
Just realized that her intensives require lots of preclass reading and work ... during the time while her other two classes will be concluding ... meaning lots of papers , quizzes , tests due all at once . ah ! 
Just talked on the phone with my Mommy in law for two hours ( basically chattering her ears off ) : 0 ) 
for the dog who keeps digging out of her run ... she gets to stay on a 15ft metal/plastic chain within her run . 
really wants to know if anyone else ever actually manages to get all of the chores done ; maintain a clean house , while balancing working part time , and taking a full load of graduate classes ... let alone taking care of a household containing a husband , puppy , and cat . Does this happen ? lol 
thinks a weekend vacation is due sometime soon with the hubster . There will be no computers ( gasp ) no cell phones , no whiney puppies , no loud maowing cats , no chores to do ... and also no idea when this will happen lol . But maybe a cabin in the area ? Let me know if anyone has any great inexpensive semi local ideas ! 
just had a nice conversation with my baby brother : 0 ) 
listening to Disney songs in Italian , life is pretty much perfect ... minus the homework factor 
for the record , homework is the bane of my existence : 0 ( 
$70 to fill up my car is sad : 0 ( 
me and a text book have a date tonight ... dislike 
I am officially done with COUN 503 , now to finish COUN 620 , begin COUN 610 on Monday , and then begin COUN 602 the following Monday .. so much for a relaxing spring break . But , it'll be okay : 0 ) 
For the record , the original Tron makes me VERY thankful for technology ... I couldn't even get into the plot due to the creative way they mixed their light effects with real people . 
I just found the next computer that I want . A < PROPFEMALE > Duo . Its basically a Tab type browser that converts into a netbook <3 
One day Sundays will be spent doing something besides reading Counseling texts , writing papers , and other homework assignments . But , apparently , today is not that day . 
is sitting in her intensive class , ready to go 30 minutes early ! lol Yes , I'm still that nerdly academic student . No , I won't tell you where I'm sitting ... Ok , fine ! Yes , I am sitting in the front row . 
Had a great day in her first intensive ... sitting in class all day learning about the Christian view about sex does get less awkward . 
Is majorly praising God ; not only did God protect me from a close accident when someone cut me off ( leading me to cut off another car ) , but He also protected me when a cop ( and then 3 others called in in response to < PROPFIRST>' gun ) showed up with a call that my plate had committed a hit and run . Upon inspection of my vehicle , it was determined by all parties that no contact had occurred . 
feeling like crap with a cold . hoping it goes away soon : 0 ( 
so these new teeny boppers on youtube are scary . Trying youtubing \my jeans\ " by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and \ " Friday\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Black ... the worst news ? There are about 12 other videos that show up as well . " 
intensive week 2 ! let's see how it goes ! * nap time ??? * 
is officially missing Xtreme Impact and all of her mprep girls : 0 ( Oh ! This intensive class ! \Darn you aqua -- something -- scum ? -- zoid ? \ " - Finding Nemo " 
is having awesome communications with her classmates and learning from their experiences . Also , have realized that the professor looks like < PROPFIRST > Connery . lol 
found out today that missionaries are a high risk group for PTSD , and that this group is often not provided counseling . My heart is really breaking for this ministry group ! 
does anyone know of any churches or organizations that specifically do counseling with missionaries in lynchburg ? I'm starting the process of Internship hunting . 
Professor felt he needed to remind me that I was in a graduate level class today .. to excuse his poor class time management , for us to continue class after 4:30 pm . 
I miss minecraft , but I'm afraid to start playing it again because it takes over my life ! : 0 ( 
I finally updated my blog ... and its threatening snow tonight ... seriously ?? ( neverhaveiever-erin.blogspot.com ) 
is officially planning a day away with her husband , possibly to include a massage , time to be determined . Location : currently Charlottesville . We terribly need a vacation ! 
feels very mature eating gummie vitamin C and D pills . 
is feeling bleh , hopefully to be remedied by some chicken pot pie . Cfaw starts tomorrow ! 
wonders if I'll ever find a hairstyle/cut that I really like :-/ 
New blogpost . Neverhaveiever-erin.blogspot.com . Please pray for < PROPFIRST > , he's not been feeling well : 0 ( 
for the record , I'm so hugely proud of my husband's worth ethic and his pride for providing for us ( me ) . 
Huge praise ! Didn't see my agenda in my purse ... so afraid it got lost inbetween a cfaw event and a fundraiser today . Praise God I found it in my car inbetween the seat and the door ! Can I tell you , if I barely feel like I get stuff accomlished ... my life would halt without this pink agenda ! : 0 ) 
cfaw is officially over ! Xi'ers I love you and we did it ! About 122 people in our second session .... 45 people were left without chairs . It was very much standing room only . 
has a date with a paper for the remainder of the day . buh bye sunshine ... it was great while it lasted :-/ 
I am actually enjoying this paper more than I thought I would ! I am putting into words my theological position on God's will and the spiritual decision making process , and I'm geekily happy over the amazing resources that I am re-gleaning in my personal library <3 
for the record ... being in a vehicle that suddenly stalls all by yourself is not a fun experience . Praise God there were nice guys to help move the car ... I could not even think about that at the moment I was so freaked out ! 
