Everything happens for a reason and all you can do is hope for the best . Live life to the fullest and never give up 

first day of marching band with new directer tomorrow 
two trumpets this year and theres trumpet solos : § 
go our show music today and i found out that everyone of my notes are above that staff 
I broke one of my toes :( 
im out for the year in marching band 
Dragon Age comes out tomarrow :D 
I got dragon age :D :D :D 
Just got done watching the movie The Box I give it 4 out of 5 stars 
2 hour delay today :D 
Saints FTW 
School closed 
Just got back from watching Kick-Ass and it was amazing 
I got my hair cut oday and I bet no one will know who I am tomarrow at school 
Can people Join up with Kingdom of Camelot , I need at least 10 friends to join up to get my third City , You dont have to play it just join up 
Well now im pissed off 
Found out today that next year im the only CTS member in my AP Chem class :( 
just got back from watching Karata Kid 
Just Installed Civilization again So if anyone wants to play a game message me 
Big Brother on cbs.com! 
Really dont want to go to practice for the next 5 1/2 hours just to sit though people screaming at each other 
Well I just learned what its like being hit by another car just now .... 
New google thing looks amazing 
last football game with the < PROPMALE > Este Marching band . Its kinda sad , I had a good time overall though . Well until the end when i was about to leave and a certain someone has to say a comment that pissed me off . Over than a ruined ending to the day I had fun 
I'm in a Tinychat with 3 other people @ http://warriorunited.webs.com/chatroom.htm 
Last Marching band Competition today . Its gonna be a sad day , I will truly miss the < PROPMALE > Este Marching band . 
Marching band is over . I will miss all the people in the band but mainly ill miss spending time with three people : < PROPFIRST > , Suzanne , Janet and most of the drumline/pit . Those people were really the only reason that I made it though this year and I will truely never be able to thank them for that . It was a great season and I hope everyone that I meet thoughtout my marching life will have a great and sucessful life . 
Just saw Skyline overall it was a good idea just dont think it was executed well\ 
I would give it a 6/10 
Mass Effect 2 vs Starcraft 2 in the finals of G4 Deathmatch . Hard choice there but over all Mass Effect 2 was a better game . To bad its gonna lose because Blizzard dos more Fans than Biowares does D: 
everyone should search up QWOP and play it 
I wish a certain someone would grow up finally and lose the additude ...... 
So Last night < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > called me to say that West Clermont was on a Two hour delay . Just a few minutes ago the Princable of < PROPMALE > Este called saying that were on a two hour delay . Dos that mean there no hope of a snow day ? 
WEST CLERMONT CLOSED FOR MONDAY :D 
If < PROPFIRST > Lawson wins Sing Off , I will be done with that show forever 
You put on a strong face but down inside you know everything not ok 
School closed for Thrusday :D 
Why dos it seem like sometimes no one just seems to care .... 
Just spent my whole day at a party . Prob was the best party ever . I finnaly felt like people did no outcast me . Thank you < PROPFIRST > and everyone else to was there 
hmmm thinking about cutting my hair short . Wonder if I should 
Green Bay :D 
hmmm West Clermont did not close or let us out early today . What are of chances of a snow day if they dont even let us out on a day like today 
a delay is all good but I wish they would just call off school 
Got Metamorphosis in the mail today . Its only 73 pages long -_- should be an easy read for AP 
Inception is now one of my favorite movies 
Its takes a True man to do what < PROPFIRST > Madina has done 
