Was in a fencing tournament today . I'm out of shape and was running on three hours of sleep , no excuse really ... Long story short I got my butt handed to me ; however , I had fun whilst doing so . 

There is too much work/drama/frustration in my life right now . 
woke up at 4:00 am . I'm really trying to construct a sleep schedule that has me getting more than 3 hours of sleep in a night , but my body is accustomed to that and the transition sucketh greatly . 
gerrr ... can't sleep again . 
has for some reason acquired Esa's phone . I hope she reads this and doesn't freak out about having lost it . I'll give it to her tomorrow . 
has a squishable panda ! Squeee ! 
accidentally caught the tip of his tail on fire while standing near a fire . The result was needing to cut about 6 inches of it off ... 
wonders if he will find the time , energy , or motivation to complete before school starts the myriad artistic projects he has lined up . 
Happy New Year's everyone . 
\Since you're such a snob I thought you might like this . \ " - My father . \ 
< PROPMALE > is beautiful . 
Fencing tournament tonight : bring it on . 
has a bad headache and just woke up for the morning . Yeah .... this'll be fun . Round 2 . 
Octarine 
has spent the day like this : sleep , eat , class , sleep , eat , sleep , class . Life is good ! 
feels sick and wishes that the day did not approach so rapidly . 
I think I should analyze my tendency to overanalyze everything . 
faces his impending doom in the form of sleep deprivation and a massive Apollonius proposition . However , I spent the past two hours being irresponsible and looking at amusing pictures on the internet . So I face my doom with a silly grin . 
balancing on the edge of a razor , a pit on both sides , and a smile on my face . The < PROPFEMALE > is beautiful over Annapolis . 
New beginnings and a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > go a long way to offset the endings . 
Why can't the Good ever be easy ? 
One of the simple joys in life : Stomping around up to your waist in unmarked snow and then flailing around in a snow-drift . 
wishes to obey the letter of the law , rather than the spirit of it . 
Lolas was the most fun I have had in months . 
Looks forward to break with both joy and trepidation . On the one hand , a rest is desperately needed ; on the other , its arrival only means that the due date for my sophomore essay is that much closer . 
wishes that spring break actually felt like a break . 
has made a bet with another : whoever returns to school with the least completed paper owes the other frozen yogurt . If either of us return to school without even a first draft completed , they owe the other frozen yogurt for the entire semester . 
It's the calm before the storm . 
will finish a draft of this blasted paper tonight if it kills me ! 
\Grok\ " is the dictionary.com word of the day . This makes me happy . " 
had wonderful night with amazing people ! 
Decarte , can you tell me how you determined your geometric representation of completing the square ? Please ? 
Escapism is unfulfilling , yet why is it so addictive ? 
feels a bit ... techno . 
Yes , I did miss you . \ 
But i still have a few rounds left . Don't move . 
Fenced until my muscles stopped working , < PROPFIRST > until my eyes stopped working , and learned until my brain stopped working . It has been a good week . 15 hours and counting to rest and recharge . 
danced among the fireflies . 
ugh , I forgot how much I disliked icecream . I know with that comment I probably just lost half of my friends ... oh well . 
witnessed the wonder of the Complete Works of Shakespeare ( Abridged ) today . I'm also very much looking forward to the next two weeks of business and friends . 
would like to meet up with some of his old high \ 
school acquaintances that are still in the area before the summer \ 
ends . 
Had sushi for every meal yesterday , a wonderful curry at 7th College Ave . this evening , and an immense amount of fun over the past few days with friends in Annapolis . 
There is more beauty and subtlety in a \ 
single sunlit summer afternoon than I could ever hope to fully \ 
comprehend ; yet still humanity , and I with it , endeavors to \ 
understand the whole of existence . 
the Fourth with redneck neighbors was fun . Watching the fireworks display go haywire on the finale and start shooting fireworks out on ground level at the people firing them was a blast . 
would like to thank his friends down in Annapolis for a wonderful visit last week . 
seeks the < PROPFEMALE > notes . 
has slowed down since he returned from Annapolis . This must be rectified ; with fire if necessary . Bring on the thermite . 
worked , then danced . 
Ah , despicable me . 
Allright . Screw you universe . It has ceased to be funny . Now you're just being mean . 
Oh dear . An impossible situation : do I attened my fencing class Friday night or a Swing Club party over in Ithaca that will be running at the same time . Curses . 
Had delicious Thai curry in Ithaca before going to an awesome swing party up at < PROPMALE > on friday night . Then I dropped by < PROPMALE > again the next day after sleeping over at a friend's . The libraries , gardens , and greenhouses are , as always , beautiful . \ 
\ 
After returning to the Corning area I went to see a fun movie with an old high school friend . 
wishes his vectors would behave in a consistent and logical way , instead they seem to have a malevolent intelligence about them that seeks to thwart my will . 
I always appreciate it when the natural world takes time out of its busy day to shove in my face just how beautiful it is . 
\But leave the Wise to wrangle 
should have been in bed hours ago . Instead , I made mochi . 
\I am not worried . I am not overly concerned . \"" 
attended an old-fashioned tea party ... the kind with actual tea , crumpets , and formal wear . It was an absolute blast with a wonderful group of people . The only downside is my leaving the area for a few months . Alas ... I guess I can't have everything . 
Shall I exchange sloth for pride ? I feel myself standing at this crossroads . My sloth combats my pride while my pride cannot abide sloth , and I am filled to bursting of both . One of them must give . 
Who knows when the all college fail is this year ? Also , what time does to go from and until ? 
Two days . One for packing , one for driving , and both for the anticipation . 
I should probably be out socializing and enjoying the weather on my second day back at school . Instead I am currently sitting in my room nerding-out over graphic design . I think there must be something wrong with me . 
Well . Life is interesting . 
fencing and swing tomorrow to blow off steam . Huzzah . 
- Expletive Deleted - 
hmmm ... 
needs a break . No , the weekend really did not count . 
is not healthy and has great difficulty sleeping when he is unhealthy . If anyone in my core group sees this update , I may not be in class tomorrow . 
\It's raining in Annapolis again\ 
wishes that some problems could still be solved with a glove , a challenge , and a sword . 
discovered in a < PROPFEMALE > with some friends that I am not half-bad at Starcraft 2 . In an unrelated note , the parts for a new computer have finally been ordered , to the dismay of my finances . 
dusted off old memories . 
\But what you need's not just the dream \ 
Sometimes the universe has a twisted sense of humor . 
Curse you Leibniz . I don't care if you think that this is the best of all possible worlds . 
walked down the streets of his memory yesterday , literally . 
My life on the internet : Serious scientific blog . Serious article . History blog . Serious scientific bl ... WHEEE Webcomics ! 
So this is what a crisis of faith feels like . Interesting . 
realizes just how creepily similar to a villain in movies I sound when I seriously utter such phrases as :\ 
\Indeed . \ " \ 
Is still awake . Wide Awake . This is not a happy thing . 
< PROPMALE > , you will be missed . I hope that you have found peace . 
curses < PROPMALE > and Liebniz . If it weren't for them resolving Zeno's paradox , these deadlines wouldn't be able to reach me . Also , they work with the infinite ... no good can come of that . 
I am currently missing my keycard . If anyone finds it or knows someone who does , could you please notify me ? 
Home , nothing much more to say other than that . 
So what are people hoping for the break or the coming semester ? 
was once a wiser and more understanding person . 
There is not enough time in a hundred lives to master all that I wish to do with my life . I look on the works of those younger than me and am awed at the wonders that dedicated specialization can produce . 
I can almost never finish a piece of < PROPMALE > . I get to a certain point and the myriad potential conclusions in my head are more beautiful than the finished product could ever be . It feels almost like an act of defilement to subject that wonder to my insufficient skill ... 
So ... anyone in the Corning-Elmira area want to < PROPFEMALE > out somewhere this weekend ? I'm fairly bored . 
It has come to this then ? Well then , it shall be as you say : mano-e-mano . Just you , me ... and my ... GUAAAARDS ! 
is still awake . Who's flying this crazy umbrella ? It certainly isn't my rationality at this point . 
I have a pound of < PROPFEMALE > tea . When did this happen ? 
Just finished FMA : Brotherhood . I have to say , I preferred the first half of the original , but the second half of this one is just amazing . Also : Kimbley is absolutely wonderful and Greed remains overwhelmingly my favorite character . 
\How are you even still moving ? \ " \ 
Picture-perfect snowfall makes for wonderful walks . 
It's sad that I realized that I've recently been dressing down from what I prefer for formality in interviews and meetings , so as not to seem overdressed beyond what is advantageous or expected . 
I just spent five minutes mentally groping for a pun that would not come . How the mighty have fallen . 
Home . Hello essay writing period , I think I'll ignore you for a bit . 
So . Now there are 4 inches of snow on the ground . Interesting . 
Originally I wrote the following post as a reply to < PROPFIRST > Brown's link about the Wisconsin < PROPMALE > , but it kind of grew out of control ... so I'm posting it here . Let the flame war commence . 
To avoid this\ 
More work than not\ 
Blasted paper 
\Japanese authorities yesterday reported to the IAEA at 21:05 CET that the reactors Units 1 
A little over 24 hours before I'm back on the road to < PROPFEMALE > . Where did break go ? I swear it just started yesterday . 
Draft done . Mind broken . Reason , perception , and self are slain , long live causality . 
It's Monday ? When did it become Monday ? Who authorized this transition !? 
Hello again clawing madness of the nameless void , have you brought along the dreaming dark ? 
