Happy new year ! We just got back from snowboarding . It was great . 

Time to start packing up . :( 
Uh oh . Tornado's! 
off to bed early tonight . 
My headlamp is fixed ! 
I would like to make a fan/cause < PROPFEMALE > . Anybody know how you can do that ? 
I'm going to be sixteen tomorrow , woohoo ! 
It's a beautiful storm !! 
< PROPMALE > Groban can sing too high ! 
It's the rainy season in South < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Going outside to set up my dad's new bike rack . 
Mom's making waffles with strawberries and ice cream ! Then I'm going to get dad to play Chess with me ! 
I'm very disappointed in you ! -.- 
It's brutal out there , but launch break's over . x ( 
Can't lift his arms . 
I made some chili . Now I've got more energy , but I'm still pretty worn out . 
I forgot the password to my voice mailbox ! :( 
Painting tomorrow . :( Wait .... that's today ! 
After a few bruises , and a few hours , I've learned an < PROPFIRST > , Nollie , Kickflip , Pop-Shuvit , and Fakie . I still need to work on consistency though . 
Borne Ultimatum is on ! 
Did a double kickflip pop-shuvit ( and landed it . ) It was gnarly ! 
Christensen Auto Body 104 S Main St Vbrg 605 326-5552 
The airshow is in one week ! Sioux Falls is one of only three sites in the nation that will get to see the F-22 Raptor ! I'm going to sign up for the South < PROPFEMALE > Air National Guard , or maybe just join the Air force . 
It's weird how it feels like you've still got a hat on when you've taken it off after a few hours , or all day . 
Is going to sleep well . 
Is waiting to get started . 
It's almost here ! 
Is staying at the hospital in my dad's call room until the airshow tomorrow . It's closer , and my dad is on call . It's goin ' be fun ! 
Is watching a movie . 
On my way to the airshow . 
Is sleeping in tomorrow to wait for the ground to dry from the rain so when I move bails tomorrow it wont tear the ground up . 
My brother comes home tomorrow . 
My brother comes home tomorrow ... 
Just ate a quart of ice cream . :) 
Just got shocked welding my snowmobile suspension . A little blinded too . 
Is done packing and ready to go . 
Is in Rochester , Minnesota . 
Was up too late last night . 
Likes staying up late . 
I should just stay up all night . 
It's getting lighter . The sun will come up soon . 
< PROPMALE>'s secret revenge , is on ! 
Just bought some Vasque hiking boots at REI . 
Watching movies all night . 
My horse is dieing . The vet is coming to see what he can do . 
I busted a bail during work today , :( but I was in a big hurry . 
Likes Panera bread . 
What doesn't kill you only makes you faster . 
Is flying to Arizona to pick up a 94 Honda Civic VX . 
Some peoples these days ! 
Is at the library . 
The new version of Ysflight is awesome ! 
Is going to make myself another cheese and egg sandwich ! 
Is glad to have a -20 degree sleeping bag ! 
Only 3 days of free time ! :( 
There goes another $300 !! 
Is watching/downloading Ice Age 3 ! 
Is eating peanut butter cookies ! 
Just finished downloading Ice Age 3 and every Pixar Short ever made ! 
Is almost finished packing . 
Getting ready to go to the airport in Omaha . 
Is almost ready to go to the airport . 
Is in Colorado waiting for his flight to school . 
Still waiting . All alone . I am a fortress of solitude ... A lone , lonely , loner ! 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes ! This is my first < PROPMALE > to be on for a quite a while . It was a great day ! 
is at the airport waiting to board . 
is going to work 
Happy Thanksgiving all ! 
Save room for pie ! 
I'm so hungery I could eat a horse and then < PROPMALE > the jockey . 
Is car shopping . 
That hurt . At least the cold weather keeps down the swelling lol ! It is 16 degrees outside . It always seems like bad things happen in cold weather . 
Good judgment comes from experience . Unfortunately , experience usually comes from bad judgment . 
Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use . 
Always remember you're unique , just like everyone else . 
Can't wait for the snow tomorrow ! 
It's going to be a white , white christmas ! 
So much snow ... Whoot whoot ! 
Weather forecast for tonight : Dark . 
We're getting wireless internet ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! 
Had a lot of fun in the snow ! 
Two feet and still coming . I love snow ! =) 
Is ready for some more snowboarding . 
Happy New Year everyone ! Okay , now I'm going to bed ... 
Church is canceled again because of the weather , but we might go to the Neighbor's with the pickup truck and watch 3ABN ! :) 
Learned Amazing Grace in the key of F on the guitar today ! :) 
Time to head out . Have fun guys . 
The snow at Big Mountain is great . 
Has a few minutes to use the internet ! 
Just had a concussion . I'm taking the day off from snowboarding now . 
It was another great day at Big Mountain , but it's time to head back to school . Bye everyone . Have a great week ! 
Let the eight hours of boredom begin . 
Is going somewhere with the Lusk-Vanderbecks . Maybe I won't be so bored afterall . 
Had a wonderful time today with my friends . :) 
Trey’s Undeniable Truth of HDR Photography #34 : If you shoot during the daytime and there is a nice blue sky , your HDR processing will make your sky look gray , mottled , and possibly give it a halo that will make viewers curl in a ball and cry . If you do not fix this in Photoshop by masking in the original sky before you upload to show your friends , then they may no longer be your friends . ... Woops 
Has finely found an alternative to Photoshop . 
Is eating a Mediterranean Veggie sandwich from Panera . 
I just Reset the DMA for my computer and now it works like a charm ! 
I have too much fun . 
Why does sleep really have to be necessary ? 
Has to get up at five in the morning tomorrow to leave for school . 
Is at the airport . 
Well , I'm safely at my destination . 
Writing a research paper in two hours is hard . 
It was a nice day in town , but now it's time to go . Cya folks . 
Time to go take my Algebra test . 
I've got a lot of work to do today . 
Time to head out . I've got a lot of work to do tonight . 
Hiked Harney Peak today . 
Is going out to eat . 
Just got back from the Black Hills . 
Had fun playing Frisbee Golf today . 
I got the job ! 
Yeah , I'm quite boring . 
Back from a long day at work . 
I just lost the game . 
Grrrr . 
Is looking for a good parts website for my 66 ford f100 . 
Just lost the game . 
< PROPMALE > Bolts . Grrr . 
I can't work on my truck because it's in the shop . It's almost ironic . 
Finely taking the afternoon easy . 
Moving on ... 
It's time to get to work . 
You guessed it ! 
Is looking for some 1966 Ford F-100 240 valve adjustment information . 
You dont have to be crazy to work here , they will teach you . 
Not much luck at seeing a townado storm chasing . 
You have enemies ? Good . That means you’ve stood up for something , \ 
sometime in your life . — < PROPMALE > Churchill 
I'm FINELY ready for bed ! It took me half an hour to clean up from working on that < PROPMALE > truck , and I probably missed a spot(s ) . I'm glad that job is done . 
Got some water damege to my camera ! 
Rabbit rabbit ! 
I'm so sun burned I'm purple . And no , it's not that funny . 
Now I broke my cellphone too !... I'm going outside to put my new exhaust manifold on my truck . 
Bailing tonight , getting no sleep tomorrow night ... I'd better take a nap before I have to wake up at five in the morning on Monday to go to work . 
Just got all the bails in the barn . 
I'm taking a shower and going to bed . 
Food tastes so good after a long day of work . 
Happy Sabbath ! 
I'm happy there's such a thing as great uplifting music . 
Just because you can , doesn't mean you should . 
I really like my job , but I am much more qualified at having fun ! 
This is a news Bulletin from the Picayune-interurban News Service . The Immense orange ball , seen rising early this morning , is expected to fall west sometime in the evening . No injuries have been reported , and rumors of panic have been greatly exaggerated . Scientists are calling it a phenomena , and advise citizens to prepare for reoccurrence in the very near future . 
Stacked a few hundred bales today . On one of the loads dad fell off when the stack fell over due to a hill . It was stacked seven high ( about fifteen feet . ) It happend just as mom was coming to drive truck because the wagon was almost \full . \"" 
Get a job ! 
Just changed the oil in my truck so that the oil jug isn't on the floor anymore =P 
FORD , BUILT TOUGH ... Trust me ! 
What a weekend that was ! 
You’ll never find the right person if you don’t let go of the wrong one . 
Back to throwing bails ... 
I need another pair of skate shoes . It makes all the difference . 
That movie didn't suck ! 
Well that stinks ! My net-book is out of commission until I get a new power cord . 
Whew ! I'm tired . 
I just about broke my wrist on a quarter pipe today . 
Roofs shouldn't be at acute angels . 
Time to go to bed after a long day roofing . ( Getting up at five in the morning tomorrow . ) 
Here comes the ball of fire . 
It's great to be done with the roof ; and I was only working on it a week ! 
Is watching a < PROPMALE > and some birds while waiting for the sunset at a swamp on a closed road with my truck . 
What a bummer ... I made tatter tots and I can't even find any Catchup of Sour Cream ! 
This is going to be a nightmare on wheels . 
It feels much too late to be 1:30 pm . 
At the airport waiting for my flight to < PROPMALE > . 
The ignition on the pickup truck broke . Now we are waiting at the repair shop . 
Bummer , I forgot to bring my skateboard to town . 
Time to head back to school . 
First Day of break . 
Trying to figure out Quadratic Functions and Equations . :| 
We've got a blizard ! :) Too bad they canceled church . :( 
Might get some thunder snow ! 
