Is back in sac and feeling disatisfied ... 

Happy Birthday to Amaya !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is determined to clean the whole house .... lol i can dream 
Is psyched for the future 
This day is going by so slowly ! 
Is starting school the monday after next , i strangely am not feeling any emotion though ... 
Black Friday was wicked fun !!! 
Is hopping back on the motivation train ... lol 
Wisjes she had had a camera on hand to take a pic of mya on the costco pony ! 
Is starting school on monday , < PROPFEMALE > excited to be making something of herself ! 
Is about to go shopping for scrubs ! 
School was fun , HELLA work though already !!! Im up to my eyeballs lol . 
Stalled ... at least till < PROPMALE > comes home with my school book 
Done woot woot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hates stuffy noses ! but is super excited for vacation . Everytime i think im done christmas shopping i find something else someone just has to have ... lol ... tis the season i guess . 
Is studying , and might attempt to finally upload some pics 
Studying and chasing around Amaya .... obviously im not being very productive 
Is feeling truly happy , I guess you just make me feel that way baby . :) 
Getting my < PROPMALE > . homework done ... but id much rather be doing something else 
Is proud of my little girl , she is walking now !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Last day of school until im free !!!! lol Amaya is walking just in time for vacation , I really hope it snows ! 
Woohoo house to ourselves !!!!!!! 
Packing !!! 
Rest in Peace < PROPFEMALE > Murphy ... im so sad ... 
Is really packing this time ! 
Is leaviing tomorrow ..... OMG !!!!! i NEED to get ready !!!!!! 
Is leaving super soon !!! Heading to the train soon as rommel gets here !!! 
Hates trains 
Its four in the morning , i just finished wrapping gifts , Im tired and my back aches , but i have a full heart . I cant wait to see everyones faces on christmas , makes it worth all the hard work . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas guys !!!! 
having a super awesome christmas ! 
Is loving her vacation ! 
I miss you sooooooo much already , cant wait to be back in your arms ! 
excited !!!! Amaya is turning 1 soon ! 
Wow , I cant believe how fast the last year year went by , it was a whirlwind , Amaya was born , I got engaged , I started school , I witness the milestones of babyhood , and now I am about to celebrate Amaya's first birthday . I hope the new year brings as many wonderful adventures as the last one did . 
Finally got my Pina Coloda !!! :D 
Got to wrap up presents , my baby girls is turning 2 tomorrow !!!!! :D 
Finally have our plan . :) Im excited ! 2011 is going to be a good year for us . 
The new year has certainly started off with a bang ... wow 
Cooking < PROPMALE > lunch and house hunting 
Has her fingers crossed !!! 
Is feeding Amaya lunch ... lol 
Its freezing cold ! 
its a secret 
is going to bed .... finally ... lol 
Waiting 
Is up way way to late ... or would this be considered up early ? 
just gave amaya a bubble bath , lol , now i am soaking wet . 
Had a wonderful time with < PROPMALE > today ... lol i guess some things never change 
Lol packing up some stuff and amaya keeps yelling cat ! gramma ! cat !!! 
Missing the old me a little ... where did all that confidence go ? 
Trying to find the old me ... 
Loved waking up to the sound of the rain this morning ! I cant wait for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > to get home , I have some exciting news for him ! 
Doesnt understand why certain gifts can not be shipped to Japan via Amazon ... it just isnt nice ! 
Hmmm ok that makes some sort of sense ... anyways ... bought some stuff at target for our house ... not much , but I enjoyed getting it . 
Invisible feeling ... 
Hahahahaha My brother has been converted to facebook !!!! :) 
Made dinner for < PROPMALE > like a good little wifey should ! lol ;) 
Has been smiling so much my face hurts , lol the perfect finish to my night ! 
Congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > !!!! I cant wait to see some pics of your brand new baby !!!! 
Enjoying her day ! 
Counting down the days ! 
I got a lot done today , packed a little , cleaned , got a little workout ... thats like a week straight , lol ... and had alot of fun with amaya and < PROPMALE > . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > and cuddling with my cuddle bug ... I want to take her to Aquarium of the Bay , next time we are out in Frisco . Lol out on the pier , I am seriously missing the bay area ! 
Is takind it one day , one hour , one choice at a time ... baby steps 
Is taking it one day , one hour , one choice at a time ... baby steps . =) 
Is so excited she might burst at the seams !!!! 
Had a nice night talking to my dad ... stupid internet !!! 
Looking foward to the weekend ! 
About to go see Daybreakers and The Lovely Bones !!!! Date Night !!!! 
Had an awesome night last night ! Daybreakers , and then some romance at the cheesesake factory !!!! 
On top of some packed boxes 
Yes ! Yes ! Yes !!!!! Bay area friday and saterday !!! Cant wait to get out on the pier , plus get to see the fam down there , and the next day my fam !!! Its gonna be great , plus Monday I get to go look at a few places !!! Might I add I dont have to share any of these places if we move in .... Im in heaven !!!! 
Has heard that there will be a remake of < PROPFEMALE > the vampire slayer ... not based on the show ... Sarah < PROPFEMALE > Geller , who was born for the purpose of playing < PROPFEMALE > wont be involved and neither will Joss Whedon ... Im furious !!!! Also rumors are that < PROPFEMALE > Fox will be playing < PROPFEMALE > , this is a sin !!!! 
OMG !!! how could I have forgotten to freaking pack for our trip .... Tomorrow is going to be fun , lol ... laundry and packing ... joy !!!! 
On her way to the bay !!! See you seen guys !!! 
Has a kickass brand new phone !!!! lol ... this has been an awesome weekend !!!! Congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
<3 ..... 
Going home tonight ! Can . t wait to see you < PROPMALE > !!! 
Is so loving her new phone !!!! Now i dont need a new ipod !!! Awww the wonders of technology ! 
Just got done making a delicious dinner ... chicken and mozerella raviolis in pesto sauce , on a bed of asparugus and zuchini .... it was orgasmic , lol 
<3 ! 
I cant wake up today ! I was fine during my cardio workout and now i just want to go back to sleep ... when amaya wakes up Im going out for a walk at the park , maybe the fresh air will get me going . 
Need 3 more people for my chicken coop !!!! Help me please !!!! 
Can already tell this year is going to be great !!! 
Amaya just went potty on the toilet for the first time !!!!!!! Im so happy !!!!!! 
Watching some < PROPFEMALE > !!!! And downloading some music to my spiffy phone !!!! 
Wow its already about to be Friday ? Where did the week go ? Damn for that matter where did February go ? LOL , Im excited for this weekend though !!! Gonna kick it with my sister !!! 
Those rainbows were so beautiful earlier !!! Cant wait to see my sis this weekend , and April all prego ... I went and bought some adorable clothes and a super soft blanket and a toy !!! I love shopping for little babies !!! 
Is making Enchiladas !!!! Cant wait till < PROPMALE > gets home !!!! 
Whoa ... that was a trip down memory < PROPFIRST > for sure ... 
Why is it I can never sleep after these late night workouts ? I need to plan this stuff earlier in my day . Lol must say < PROPFIRST > Kardashian Kicked my ass though ... lol . Gonna do some lower ab workouts , a little yoga and then hit the sheets . 
Sweet !!!! Im staying strong !!! Awww amaya is so cute sleeping with her gigantic < PROPMALE > !!! I cant believe she is already 14 months !??!!?!?!?!?! 
Im so excited , I have so much in store for my little girl ! I love taking her shopping now because she is developing her own taste , I took her to get a few things for this spring/summer , and she picked out some cute stuff ! Also I put her hair in a ponytail for the first time today , it was so cute ! I love being a mom ! 
Got her Insanity Cds !!! Im starting tomorrow !!!! Also got Mya a toddler bed , It was so worth it to see her face light up and watch her do her little dance !!! Im loving her hair in ponytails !!! 
Finished my 1st day of Insanity . Omg Im shaking hella bad . Lol but I made it ! I cant wait for tomorrow . Whens easter this year ? I gotta figure out what we are doing , and I gotta find something great to put in < PROPMALE>'s easter basket , any ideas ? 
Is feeling just a bit overwhelmed , like there is so much to do and so little time . 
Is on a mission to get fit for her big day ! Had fun watching the fight with < PROPMALE>'s fam , lol but I had more fun watching Mya play with Kian ! 
Has internet and cable again finally !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Has an awesome day . Who knew mixing drinks could be so fun . Hmmm Bartending school ? LOL !!! 
Checking out venues and watching the < PROPFEMALE > banks show . My life is a dream , lmao !!!!!!!! 
Loves how this is all coming together so quickly ! Im sooooo excited !!! 
Is going to go celebrate !!!!!!! 
Just ordered < PROPMALE > his Easter present !!!! He is gonna love it !!!! 
Just got Amaya's flower girl dress and OMG !!!! Its sooooooooo beautiful !!!! Im starting to get excited !!! 
Butterflies in my tummy ... I think Im developing a slight case of the nerves . Overwhelmed maybe . 
Is enjoying naptime with a pina colada and Without a paddle ! Being a mommy has taught me to enjoy the simple things ! 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! please play ! You may find it interesting to know what your FB friends first concert was . Copy and paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence . ... Lol my first real concert was Maroon 5 !!! They were awesome !!!! 
Before you were conceived , I wanted you . Before you were born , I loved you . Before you were here an hour old , I would have died for you . This is the miracle of life !!! Put this on your status , if you have a child you love more than life itself 
Amaya looks like an angel when she sleeps , It makes my heart warm . Going to bed ! Gonna go down to the bay tomorrow ! 
Just finished filling 401 easter eggs with cash and < PROPFEMALE > . Lol , I better be everybodys favorite Auntie !!! 
Had a wonderful day !, got serenaded in the grocery store by a sweet older gentleman , made a bunch of fondant calla lilys for our suprise cake for < PROPMALE > mom , and is about to plant a big smooch on the love of her life ! 
So many channels and nothing to watch ... I think late night t.v. needs remodeling . They should show < PROPFEMALE > reruns at night . Or sex in the city , I wouldnt say no to either . 
Just made < PROPMALE > a tasty breakfast , packed him a lunch and sent him on his way ... now Im going back to sleep ! 
Happy Easter everyone !!! Cant wait to see Amays face when she sees her easter baske and when we do the egg hunt ! Im so excited . Ill post pics soon !!!! 
Ok her easter basket and presents are all set up . Im excited , just a few hours to go !!!! Does everyone get this excited when their kids start enjoying the holidays or is it just me ? Lol well for sure I will post pics of Amaya soon ! 
Had a great Easter ! Note to self , 400 eggs was a little excessive . Lol but the kids had a great time . Im off to spend some time with mr. < PROPFIRST > . 
I wish the weather was better ! Summer will you hurry up already ? 
Who knew this wedding business could be so damn stressful ? Maybe we should just elope ? That sounds fantasticly romantic . 
Ok guys Im sending out my saving out my save the date cards , please email , message , or give me a call with your mailing address if you would like to attend . 
Ok this time in english ... Im sending out the invites , email , message , or call me with your address . 
Off to Costco , I love that place !!!! Lol Bulk Diapers and wipes !!!! 
Who knew a parfait could make my daughter so happy ? 
Is debating wether she should wait untill next year to have a big wedding or just do something small this year . Toughy ... Ill have to talk to < PROPMALE > about things . 
I want to go see the new Clash of the Titans movie ! I heart Izabella Miko ! Has anyone seen it ? 
Set up the pool outside today , Amaya had a blast ! Can't wait for summer to get here so we can play in the pool all day !!! 
Baking Pati's B-day cake , lol , its an over the hill theme , Ill post pics when Im done ! 
Awesome !!!! Almost done with the cake , waiting on < PROPMALE > to get here with the last of the green frosting since I ran out . Its A devils food cake with a layer of cheesecake in the middle . and the flowers are made of fondant . Ill be posting a picture here as soon as I finishe the frosting . 
Just when you think your on top . life throws a curve ball , lol . 
Got to start packing and doing laundry so I can go see the family ! 
Whats with all this rain ? It gives people the crazies !!! Went out to get amaya some freaking socks and it took an hour !!! 
Is finally feeling a little better ! I actually managed to keep down a gummy vitamin and some sprite . Curse you oh mighty flu !!!!! 
Is watching Rescue Rangers Down Under with her sick baby ... I forgot how much I love this movie ! 
If you have a husband , fiance , or boyfriend that makes you laugh , whom you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , is your world , and a man that you are thankful for every night and day , copy and paste this to your profile ! FOR SURE FOR SURE !!!! 
How many of us really know all the people on our friends list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you : If you're on my friends list , post how you met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this can really be . 
Just woke up from a glorious nap with < PROPMALE > !!!! lol !!! 
Is feeling sick again ... this is not cool , thank goodness we postponed the trip ! This flu is awful ! 
Is very worried for her darling baby ... I hope she starts to feel better , she is getting awfully thin . 
Watching survivior ... man I hate < PROPMALE > ! 
Yay my new glasses are ready for pick up ! AND I won the bridal package from < PROPFIRST>'s Bridal , neat ! 
Is watching Where the Wild Things Are while Amaya takes her nap 
Is proud of her man , He is meeting with a Wyotech represenetive this week and going back to school !!! I cant wait to see him in that cute uniform ! ;) 
howdy howdy howdy !!!! 
and < PROPMALE > , and Mya are all going down to the bay tomorrow . To have some fun and hopefully see a few aunties ! 
The rumors are true ! :) 
Amaya is cracking me up ! We were making the craziest faces at each other . Its so funny to watch her stick out her tongue and wiggle it around ! I wish I had my camera , oh well ! Tgfnt . ( Thank god for nap time ) 
Still has a fever and isnt feeling very good . :( 
Is super glad Amaya is finally taking her nap . She has a fever and isnt feeling good . 
Is going out for some delicious round table pizza ! The best pizza on earth ! 
Is growing her vegtable garden again this year ! Peas , Carrots , Tomatoes , Cilantro , Onions , Peppers , Watermelons , Cucumbers , and Pumpkins ! I cant wait for them to start sprouting ! 
Got back from the Bay Area and had an awesome time , I love you guys , see you again on Thursday . This year is starting to speed up , lol . 
Is about to attempt cooking some chili from scratch ! Im pretty excited lol ! 
My Chili is simmering , for the next few hours , It smells super good ! I had a blast making it with < PROPMALE > , except for the part where I tried a piece of serrano pepper and my face felt like it was on fire ! :) 
We measured Amaya today , She is 2 and a half feet tall ! Lol ! 
Has introduced her daughter to the joy of Toaster Struedels ! 
On our way to San < PROPMALE > , see you guys soon ! 
Had a wonderful time with the family ! I ate my first filled churro today , and I must say it was nummy ! 
Happy Anniversary Mom and Dad ! 
Aghhh I have way too much to do !!! Lol at least Amaya finally went to sleep , now I can really get things done ! 
Is about to watch the Survivor I missed thursday ! Go home < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!! 
Aghhh I have so much to do , I wish my washer washed at the speed of light ! 
Hooray !!!! Laundry is finally done , packing is almost done !!!!! Thank freaking goodness ! Just a few more things left on the list ! 
Having a good time with the family , but Im missing < PROPMALE > too ! 
Mya was such a doll today ! She has her last 4 teeth coming in !!! And then see you later horrible teething tantrums !!! 
I hate when I start thinking about things and I get totally pissed about stuff that happened over a year ago . It ruins my whole night . Damn you memory . 
Definately time to head to bed ... 
is eating the most beautiful cupcake she has ever laid eyes on ! Id share a picture but I forgot the usb cord for my camera at home ! Ill upload later lol . Hehehehe thank you mom ! 
Yes !!!! Mya went to sleep early tonight !!!! 
Is trying to understand the thought process behind the actions , but its a complete mystery to me . Maybe woman are even complete mysteries to other woman ? Or maybe I know the why , but not the how could you ? 
Is coming home tonight ! I can't wait to see you babe ! 
Wow , some big decisions to think about ... 
Is becoming Mrs. < PROPFIRST > this week . Surprise !!!! 
Happy Mother's Day !!!! 
Is going to make < PROPMALE > some Manicotti for lunch ! Yum yum yum ! 
Watching my guilty pleasure ! Im crossing my fingers < PROPMALE > bites the dust ! 
Made Jumbalaya for dinner ... man it was good . I love crab ! 
2 more days !!! Woohoo !!! 
Spent the afternoon planting my seedlings ! I cant wait till this fall , Im gonna have all kinds of veggies !!! 
Just came back from a nice walk with < PROPMALE > , and now Im helping him study for the ASVAB ! 
“I love you more than I did yesterday , but not nearly as much as tomorrow” 
Yikes ! I have so much to do before tomorrow ! 
Is a maturity too much to ask for ? Damn ! Woosah ! Lol ! Just have to focus on the positive ... tomorrow Im going to be a wifey ! 
Wow , you know , this is my first time ever watching American Pie ... Im laughing my ass off ... Im so lame . 
I need to sleep , goodnight all ! 
Is running away with her latin lover to elope ... everyone have a wonderful thursday !!! 
Is officially Mrs. < PROPFIRST > !!!! Aww Im so happy !!!! Leaving tomorrow for our Honeymoon in Monterey !!!! 
is Honeymooning !!! 
I miss Monterey !!!! But at least Im home with my family , and < PROPMALE > didnt win !!!! Woohoo !!!! Im gonna dance !!!! 
Going to the recruiter office with < PROPMALE > today . Its getting more real everyday ... Yesterday I went out with him during his run , And I pushed Amaya around the track for a mile and a half while he ran his 2 < PROPMALE > . And then last night I helped him with the Asvab . He is scoring pretty well on all the practice tests , even got 100% on a few of them . Im so proud of him ! 
Wow already a quarter of the way through ! Already the size of a kumquat !!! Lol !!! Its flying by this time ! 
Making some delicious chips and lemon ! 
Is thinking of baby names ... Im so stuck , lol ! 
Yahoo answers never fails to make me LOL .... some woman on there is determined to name her child Killian Braedynn ... did I mention that she is having a girl ? Another wants to name her daughter Esme < PROPFEMALE > , like from twilight . And another wants to name her daughter Sawyer . What is the world coming to ? 
Is having early evening sickness ... :( 
Added some new names to our name list ... Isnt it supposed to be shrinking not growing ? 
Narrowed our name list down to 5 per gender ... Woohooo !!!! Progress !!! 
Loves when Amaya goes to sleep on time ! I got to cuddle and watch a movie just the hubby and me ! 
Well we have our girl name picked out , but Im getting a feeling we arnt going to need it this time around . We'll see ... 
Wow ! I just realized Im almost done with the first trimester ! 
“All you need is love . But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt . ” 
I love sundays !!! A whole day just the three of us !!! 
Sorry for flooding everyones pages with pictures , lol ! I was severly behind !!! 
Awesome !!! Im going to go see Sex in the City 2 tomorrow !!!!! 
Is mindlessly playing Mushroom Farm Revolution .... hehehe 
Woohoo !!! Sex in the City 2 premiere tonight !!!! 
Has to go get ready ! 
Not the night I expected , but it was still great ! 
Has to get up hella early for < PROPFEMALE>'s promotion ... who decided to schedule this thing at 7am ? But I can't sleep !!! 
Is gonna go eat some Sushi !!!! 
Was looking at baby clothes earlier , Im not going to buy any till Im sure , but I have a little feeling ... 
I hate when people lie about the stupidest things .... actually I hate liars in general . But it particularly irritates me when people involve me in their lies to any degree and also when the lie is unnesesary or stupid . Do some people lie just to lie ? Or perhaps they enjoy trying to wreak havoc even in the smallest of ways . 
Thinks its funny how Amaya has no interest in half her toys until I empty out her toy box to sort out things to put away for the new baby . All of a sudden she wants to play with toys she hasnt even picked up in a year . 
Feels like she is coming down with a fever ... I hope < PROPMALE > gets here soon . 
Is lmao at all Franks crazy statuses .... jeeze < PROPFEMALE > man ! 
I think I love < PROPFIRST > Colbert ! Lol his show makes me laugh so hard !!! 
Yes ! < PROPMALE > is cooking tonigt ! 
I am so hungrey ! I need to go grocery shopping ! 
Is making her grocery shopping list ... I havnt put anything on it but fruit , this may be problematic when I try to cook dinner next week . 
Is it possible to crave something you have never had ? 
Is about to make Kabobs !!! 
I made pork kabobs for dinner and a carrot cake from scratch for dessert ... you may now call me < PROPFEMALE > Crocker .... Lmao ... I love allrecipes.com 
FLASHBACK : hehehe playing Age of Empires !!! 
Whose idea was it to make Trix suck ? I hope that person gets a wedgie today . 
Just got back from Denios .... It was hot as heck !!! But I have tons yummy fruits now ! About to go set up the pool in the backyard , wow wasnt it raining just a few days ago ? And all of a sudden its summer . 
We have our names !!!!! Thank god thats over !!!! Gonna go wake up < PROPMALE > so we can eat Dinner and go do a few < PROPMALE > . 
Is done wither 1st Trimester !!!! Woohoo ! Its going by so quickly ! 
Well , I guess it was nice while it lasted . Its motivating me ... 
Gonna cook up some asada ! Yum ! 
Man , Im super tired tonight , Im gonna call it a night and go cuddle with my hubby ! 
Thinks its a little fucked up that < PROPMALE > had to pick up her with expired tags and got pulled over and she never cared , now her car works and her tags are expired and she expects him to bend over for her , I have had enough , I dont care if anyone thinks Im bitchy , She is going to take care of her own shit from now on and leave us alone , I intend to show her as much disregard as she has shown me , my hubby and my baby . 
Is getting excited ! Just a few more weeks until we find out boy or girl ! Its flying by this time !!! 
Woohoo ! I actuaully got a ton of stuff done today ! Gonna take Amaya to the park here in a minute , then go do a few < PROPMALE > on the track ! Im feeling unstoppable today ! :) 
Wow this has been a great day ! Busy , but it was fun all the same ! Amaya is getting so clear when she talks ! Her favorite sentences are Hi Daddy !, Get my Baby Bear , and I love you ! Its pretty damn adorable ! 
Is it just me or has this week been dragging on ? 
Can't remember where i did my 3d ultrasound !!!! Anyone who was there or did one there can you tell me the name of the place ?!?!?!?! 
Sweet ! Its naptime ! 
Watching 27 dresses ... 
This was the longest morning ever ! Thank goodness Im finally home ! 
We picked out our baby names , Im so excited for the Ultrasound here in a few weeks !!!! What do you guys think ? Boy or girl ? Im thinking blue ... but who knows !?! 
Bought a little onesie for the baby ! And some more WOW ! Hehehe < PROPFEMALE > message me your toon's names . 
Hello Weekend !!! Finally !!! 
Wants to go shopping , for itty bitty baby clothes . These next few weeks are going to be agonizing . :) 
Enjoying the last few hours of her Sunday since next week is going to be crazy ! < PROPMALE > is starting his bootcamp class , we're reorginizing , late spring cleaning , < PROPFEMALE > World pregnant with a toddler .... the fun goes on , lol . I am excited for Amaya to see the dolphins and whales . 
Is making Jello ! :) 
Oh man , Amaya's favorite < PROPMALE > had an accident with some nacho cheese ... the world is going to end !!!!! 
Wonders if it's a sign of getting old when you go for the water in your fridge instead of the kool aid ? I think it is , :( , goodbye youth , lol . 
< PROPMALE > is coming home from his first day of the bootcamp class at SCC . I cant wait to see how it went , lol . 
I knew it , first I pass on kool aid , now im going to bed at 10 ... I must be stopped ! 
< PROPMALE > has had a rough week ! My daughter smothered him in < PROPFEMALE > kool aid kisses , gave him a green ( luckily washable ) marker tattoo , he had an unfortunate accident with some nacho cheese and then Amaya thought it would be funny to play with him in the sprinklers , I just dont know if he will ever be white again . Ill have to sneak him away at nap time and give the poor thing a good wash in the washer . 
Is so thankful Amaya has grown out of that whole kisses are ewwie phase !!! 
Wishes her dough would rise faster ! Im making cinnamon rolls for the hubby ! 
Had a nice night , I havn't < PROPMALE > out in a while , it was fun . 
Doesn't know how she is going to rearange the furniture to get it all to fit , Im thinking its Tetris time . 
Woohoo it's Friday ! Im so looking foward to this weekend and taking Mya to Marone World , Ill post pictures on Monday . 
Is excited about tomorrow ! Its going to be a ton of fun ! 
Amaya is playing with her friend , she is such a doll around other kids . :) 
Captain Crunch is my second love . 
Is trying to get everyone ready , but wouldn't you know it , they are all too sleepy . I have just one thing to say .... GET UP !!!!! Ill post pictures tomorrow , wish you could be there Dad , it's just not the same without you . :) 
Home !!! Finally !!! Had a great day with < PROPMALE > and Mya at < PROPFEMALE > World , Did the whole animal exhibit thing which was a change of pace , but nice to show Amaya . Sadly she now wants a baby tiger . :) We saw some that were 5 weeks old . Also the baby dolphins were too cool . Had a blast with the fam too at the jazzmans party !!! 
Is going to the Toy Story 3 premiere tomorrow , my life is complete . :) 
Scheduled my 3D ultrasound ! Im so excited ! 
Toy Story 3 was amazing !!!! It even made me tear up a little , lol . Go see it in 3d when it comes out !!!! 
My daughter just volentarily ate her carrots at dinner and then ASKED FOR SECONDS AND THIRDS !!!! I am in awe ! 
MMMMmmmmm Breakfast burritos for dinner , we are such rebels !!! :) 
Is watching 1408 and just screamed like a big baby , lol . 
Is making a list and checking it twice .... Im going grocery shopping :) 
Just finished my Prenatal Salsa Workout , jeeze , that kicks your ass almost as bad as Insanity , you just cant feel it until you stop moving lol . My obliques are screaming . 
My Insuraunce is driving me nuts .... 
Just a few more weeks untill we find out !!!! Im sooooo excited !!!! 
Happy Father's Day to everyone ! Especially my wonderful and freaking hot husband and my awesome dad !!!! 
Is so impatient to find out boy or girl !!!! Im not positive this time like I was last time ... I want to go shopping !!!! :) 
Awww Mya is so sweet , I love her so much ! And it doesnt hurt that she has decided NOT to be a picky eater today . I love being a mommy ! 
I just taught amaya to say she is one !!!!!! This is soooo exciting !!!! 
A mother's joy begins when new life is stirring inside ... when a < PROPFEMALE > heartbeat is heard for the very first time , and a playful kick reminds her that she is never alone . \ 
- Author Unknown 
Sorting through itty bitty clothes ... I miss when Amaya was so small and quiet , but I guess she is pretty cute now too lol . 
Is going to try her hand at cooking < PROPMALE > some Seared Ahi Tuna Steaks tonight , served on a bed of lettuce with a side of rice pilaf . Wish me luck ! I really want to cook him something new and different tonight !!! 
Omg !!! Omg !!!! OOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMGGGGGGGG !!!!! I just felt the baby kick !!! 
Looking for more baby names , our list has decided to grow again , oh mind ... why can't you make yourself up ? 
Is giving up and going to bed ... 
Hooray !!! Got my insuraunce figured out , I get to schedule my ultrasound now !!! Probally will be doing it in 2-3 weeks . Im so excited !!! :D 
I love Fridays !!! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Jr. ........ Mhmmmmmmmm 
Awesome !!! < PROPMALE > made me some salsa !!! I love him so much !!! 
Is making enchilladas !!!! 
Oh my goodness !!! I just found out Jensen Ackles got married 2 days after I did . He must have lost all hope of marrying me , so he gave into her . Lmao .... 
I think as we grow up we forget the joys of waterballoon fights . I had a blast today !!! 
Has anyone tried Gunther's Icecream ? That place is sooooooooo good !!!! 
Woohoo !!! She went down for the nap without the bottle !!!! Halfway there !!! 
Awesome ! 4 months down !!! Almost half way there !!! For the record I am not a fan of being pregnant in this heat !!! 
I think it's safe to say i won !!! Bottle free for 3 days , she's still a little upset at bedtime , but She will be alright . 
Woohoo , < PROPMALE > is off tomorrow !!! What to do ... hmmmmm . 
Im feeling so fed up , I wish I could put the next 8 months on fast foward ... I need my own space . 
Poor < PROPMALE > , his shoulder is hurting and Mya is picking on him . :P 
Formulating a plan , everything is so much simpler on paper . 
Is having an awesome day ! Went to Costco and bought some delicious fruit , and then went to Target and bought Amaya her new SPILL PROOF big girl sippy cups , and a little present for the new baby . I need to go grocery shopping , but damn it's hot ! 
Is making < PROPMALE > some lasagna !!!! What's everybody doing tomorrow for the 4th ? 
Bought fireworks , guess Im not a total grinch . :) 
Happy 4th of July everyone !!!! 
The baby just did a flip , and I almost lost my lunch , lmao ... it's different everytime . Ultrasound in 3 weeks ... but I have a feeling its a girl . 
Putting up pictures !!!! 
Had a wonderful 4th of July with my family ! Fireworks were too fun , and < PROPMALE > is a bbq chicken master . Lmao ... Hope everyone else had a great holiday !!! 
17 weeks already .... Things are going so fast !!! Im enjoying the little kicks ... So excited to find out if it's a girl or boy !!! 
Anyone who doesn't believe in miracles is not a realist . - < PROPFIRST > Ben-Gurion\ 
Thank goodness some miracles do happen , got things all worked out with my insuraunce , who knew such little things like a name change could cause such BIG trouble . Ultrasound in 3 weeks !!! 
Is taking Mya swimming today !!! Its gonna be a blast !!! 
Can't wait for tomorrow !!! Gonna take Mya back to the pool to spend some time with her Auntie < PROPFEMALE > . Im soooo tired after today though , lol . 
When I told Mya we were heading to the pool she got so excited !!! She is even trying to get ready by herself . 
Is feeling anxious ... I can't wait for things to start happening , but I feel like time is already going by too fast . The next year is going to be a very exciting and crazy . 
Nothing like a hot shower to relax ... Im feeling much better now . :) 
Is feeling mortified ! since my insuraunce switched I can't deliver at UC < PROPMALE > . I get to pick from Mercy General , Methodist , Sutter General , Sutter Memorial , and Sutter Roseville . Anyone deliver at any of these or know someone who did ? 
The baby is starting to kick harder and up higher ... Im hoping it won't reach my ribs for a while yet , lol . 
Is slow cooking some ribs for tonight ... < PROPMALE > is hooked on bbqing . :) 
Lmao ... Made ribs for dinner ... I never seen < PROPMALE > eat so quickly .... They were pretty good though , < PROPMALE > finished his and half of mine . 
Is thinking about the big decisions that need to be made ... It seems like every one in the next few months is a life changer . I guess the biggest one is do we want to play our lives safe or make them unforgettable . While it seems like an easy choice ... its like working up the nerve to jump off a < PROPMALE > . 
Things are looking up , which is nice . Or maybe Im just more appreciative of the little things ... 
Im so excited I have butterflies ... the weeks are going by crazy fast , in 3 weeks its my anniversary !!!! And from there its non stop ! Vacation , Hella bdays in October , Frightfest , 3d ultrasound , Christmas shopping , Thanksgiving , Mikey is turning 18 !!!, The baby being born , Christmas , New years , Mya's 2nd bday , Tax Return and bam !!! < PROPMALE > leaving for BT . My mind is officially boggled . :) I know Its just gonna fly by . 
Man .... for weeks time is just flying , and this whole day has just dragged on and on ... Oh Monday you have overstayed your welcome . 
Are there any boy names out there that are NOT overly commen , twilighty , also the name of a close friend or their kid , ghetto , unyiekeeely speldd , or just plain gay ? ARE THERE ???? Lol .... Maybe I should stop looking on Y ! A 
Its Official !!! We have our names picked out !!!!!! Finally !!! :) 
Lol .... man this baby is strong !!! And kicks all day long ... Its nice to get to sit down and enjoy it . :) 
I keep saying Awww like every few minutes .... you'd think after 3 weeks Id be used to the kicks , but the stronger they get , the more I say it . :) 
Im looking foward to Fall .... Im not a big Summer fan anymore . This heat is miserable . 
Amaya is a lego maniac !!! Which in my opinion is much funner than baby dolls . 
Ultrasound on Monday !!!!! Im so excited !!!!! 
Im craving enchilladas sooo bad ... this baby is definately mexican , lol . Im so excited to find out on Monday !!! 
Hurry up weekend !!!! I can't wait for Monday morning , Im sooooooo excited !!!! I want to do some baby shopping , and just know already !!!! 
Finally watched Avatar ! It was super good ... About to head out to Natomas ... Im trying to keep busy untill tomorrow ! :) 
Its sooo hot !!!! 
Heading to bed , ultrasound in the morning ! What do you guys think ? Girl or Boy ? 
Back from my ultrasound !!!!!! We are having a gender revealing party with < PROPMALE>'s family so I can't tell you on my status , but shoot me a messsage if you really want to know !!! :) 
Is happy ! :) 
In about two weeks we will have been together officially 3 years !!! Im trying to decide what to do for our anniversary .... Im thinking dinner and a movie alone !!!! Since we never are alone for more than a few minutes ... but I don't know where to go eat .... what sounds good ? 
Mya is kissing pictures of the baby !!! Awwwww !!! 
Getting ready to fold endless amounts of laundry and have a Supernatural marathon with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Oo0oo0o00o0o0oooooooo Someone can't keep secrets ..... 
Well since it's out , It's a boy !!!! :) Lol , had a blast with the family at the bbq .... Mya made everyone kiss her goodbye , sooooo cute !!! 
Awww my grandmother-in-law sent me some of that yummy coconut bread , and < PROPMALE > bought me a truckload of green grapes , I think Im set for the rest of the week ! :) Going to bed now , Im so tired from the pool today . Night everybody ! 
Just a few more hours , then < PROPMALE > will be home for the rest of the weekend . :) 
Morning already ??? The baby kept me up all night with his twisting and kicjing , lol . I feel obligated to enjoy it . :) 
Man Denios was hot today !!! Cooking some bbq for the family tonight !!! I cant wait to see them !!! 
Its always something , right ? >.< 
I don't think I have ever felt so sick ... NOT EVER !!!! But there's always a silver lining right ? Mine is that I've lost 7lbs this week , bringing me to a grand total of -17lbs since I concieved . I think it might have been food poisening though ... :\\ 
Halfway done !!!!! Already , man time is flying ! 
Is feeling a bit better ... getting some stuff done , trying to figure out what we need for the baby still . I think perhaps I should not have bought so much pink stuff for Mya , at least I have everything < PROPFEMALE > gave me !!! :) 
Heading to bed , I have too much to do tomorrow , first on my list is the dreaded DMV , I think Im going to need my sleep . :) 
I think I will never understand why people continue to do things for people who treat them bad and disrespect them , their choices , and their families . I guess some people never learn . 
Finally feeling better ! :) Time to get this place reorganized !!! Also have to go through everything and see what the baby still needs . 
About to take Mya swimming , I love my water baby ! :) 
Actually got to go out on a date today with my husband .... and we had lunch at a really good chinese resturaunt . :) It was nice spending some one on one time with him . :) 
Working on counting with Mya . I love when I ask her how old she is and she shows me . They grow up way to fast . 
My little boy is getting strong ! His kicks arn't so little anymore , lol . I can't wait to meet him !!! 
Why the heck did I buy EVERYTHING in pink for my daughter ? Im feeling a little foolish , lol . 
Needs to catch up on Supernatural since the new season is starting in September . as is my guilty pleasure show , Survivor . >.< 
Funny how often we are motivated by the bad we want to get away from instead of the good we want to become . Im looking foward to meeting my son in just over 4 months , and then decorating my own house just after that . 
Car is fixed ! < PROPMALE > has the day off ! The possibilities are endless ! :) 
My day was awesome , I love spending some alone time with < PROPMALE > , he is so amazing ! Had fun swimming with Auntie < PROPFEMALE > too ! :) 
Life is good ! :) 
Is laying out some scrapbook pages , I started a new one for my baby boy ! :) 
Its official , < PROPMALE > and I have been together three wonderful years ! It's been an amazing ride , had some great adventures so far , and so many more to come . I love him more everyday ! <3 
Had a wonderful anniversary ... :) < PROPMALE > is so sweet ! <3 
Had a pretty awesome night ! 
Busting out the suitcases ! :) Finishing up the laundry and going through Miss Mya's clothes ... looks like she gets to do a little shopping . 
I think if I love my family any more than I already do , I might explode ! :) 
Mya was so excited to wear her new pj's she picked out last night , she was even more excited when she found out they glow in the dark ! I <3 this kid ! 
I asked Amaya if she was excited to go to grandma's house , and she started telling me all about the < PROPFEMALE > . Lol !!! 
< PROPMALE > and I are watching the baby do acrobats , my stomach keeps jumping , lol . < PROPMALE > is cracking up ! :) 
I love my life ! Except for the doing laundry part ... :) 
Is there anything more tedious than matching up socks ? I think not !!! :) On the upside , laundry is all done , Im getting started on packing our suitcases . I can't wait to see my family !!! <3 
Is making banana bread ! 
Awww my little man is kicking up a storm . :) This week just flew by , I can't believe tomorrow is friday ! Vacation here I come !!! 
I can no longer hide it , I have a big ole baby bump . :) 
Yay !!! Im going to see my family tomorrow ! Im looking foward to a nice , quiet vacation with them ! 
Got up super early today ... So much to do before we leave . Looking foward to the family though . 
Finally here !!! <3 
Is having a fantastic day ! Relaxed , went shopping for the kids , spending time with the family , and looking foward to some chimichangas tonight !!! 
Just watched P.S. I love you for the first time , I swear I cried the whole movie .... * sniff sniff * 
Aww Amaya just sat still long enough for me to braid her hair , it looks adorable !!! :) 
Having a cool day , did some more shopping for the kids , got the baby his coming home outfit . Got Amaya's pictures done , and now Im about to eat some pizza !!!! :) What could be better ? 
Hehehe the baby keeps kicking my hand off of my tummy ! :) He is a fiesty one ! 
Watching sleeping beauty with Amaya . :) 
Finally getting around to creating a recipe book on my lap top . The crazy things I accopmplish during naptime ! :) 
I was just scheduling my next prenatal when I realized , omg , Im 6 months . Time is moving a little too fast , Id like to enjoy the last few months , for so many reasons . I might never have another baby and I want to enjoy every kick , Mya will be an only child just a few more months , and < PROPMALE > will be leaving for BT early next year . I want september to drag . Because its the last month that really will . :) 
Yay !!! I made calzone tonight , and it is awesome !!!! :) I love learning new recipes and having them turn out tasty !!! 
Looking foward to change . :) Night everyone ! 
Is creating a recipe for chicken soup , like the one they serve at < PROPFEMALE > Garden , but with wayyyyyyyy less fat . Im making < PROPMALE > soup , salad , and breadsticks at home tonight . :) So Im looking through recipes to create something that will taste yummy but not hinder < PROPMALE>'s progress . I think a few more tweaks and Ill have it . :) 
Random Deep Thought of the day : Isn't it funny when we are blessed with something when we are young , we mistake it as power , and we wield it against others ? How many people do you know who are pretty , or strong , or are natural born leaders really use their blessing for good ? 
Mya is dancing around in the little dress shoes my mom bought her , its adorable ! 
Does anyone know any good places to do a 2 year old's birthday party in Sacramento or Elk Grove ? 
I have a plan , just need all the little bits I can't control to fall into place . I guess perserverence is half the battle . :) 
This weather feels so nice !!! :) 
I had the most perfect night last night . :) 
Firefly ! It is now a matter of pride . I will find you !!!! >.< 
Amaya decided today that for snack she wanted me to warm her up a hot dog bun . No hotdog , no ketchup .... No no no ... just the bread . I couldn't convince her to eat anything else . She is stubborn just like her daddy . :P 
Lmao !!! Amaya is looking at my profile pic and yelling \Daddy !!!! Daddy !!! Daddy !!! \ " like he can hear her ... It's adorable ! " 
I was talking to a friend and it sorta hit me that Im running out of time . I only have 14 weeks left , and I still have to get ready for the baby , and do my christmas shopping , along with everything else we have going on . Oh the joy of winter babies , lol . 
Woohoo ! It'd Friday , AND < PROPMALE > is off !!! 
Mmmmm carne asada burritos ftw !!! 
Anyone know any good sites or programs to order or print 2 year old curriculum from ? Been working with her on < PROPFIRST > and letters , but Id like something more . Im really looking for the preschool readiness stuff , not arts and crafts . Those I can do myself . :) 
My printer is not working ... :( 
I hate when you promise your daughter at bedtime she can eat her special cupcake for snack the next day , and some rude person eats it in the middle of the night without asking you if they can have it , AND ITS THE LAST ONE . Did you think we wouldn't notice ? Im really not looking foward to this afternoon , when it comes to cupcakes , my daughter never forgets . >:( 
I just cut up a whole chicken for the first time in my life . I feel like a pioneer ! :) Lmao .... 
My whole house smells like christmas , I made pumpkin bread . Ok ok ... now Im wishing time would speed up a little , Im looking foward to the little guy , and my family at christmas time . 
Im loving having < PROPMALE > home for the weekend . Took Amaya to Land Park today and had a blast , Ill post pictures soon . :) 
Doing some arts and crafts with Amaya , she is so creative ! :) 
Only 14 weeks left of my pregnancy ... where has this year gone ? Not that I mind too much , but it zoomed right by me . 
Busy busy week ... I need a nap . :) 
Just got back from the Dr. ' s office , It was nice hearing our little boys heartbeat . The baby is measuring about 3 weeks ahead , so Im getting another Ultrasound in the next 2 weeks to see if Im further along then we think . :) 
Making some chocolate chip cookies for my two favorite people in the world to have for snack tomorrow . :) 
Had a long , but pretty wonderful day . Its always nice to see the family . :) 
I had an awesome day with Amaya , she had so much fun with the pinata !!! I think all the birthday parties tired her out , she is sleeping like a rock . :) 
I wish I had a radio ... whatever happened to mine ? Id like some tunes while I tackle this house . 
Is super excited to give < PROPMALE > his surprise when he gets home !!! He is going to be so happy !!! 
is formulating a plan ... and might I add it's a mighty nice one . 
Yay < PROPMALE > is home !!! <3 
Amaya is at that age where she loves to brush my hair . :) What could be more relaxing ? 
Costco doesnt < PROPFEMALE > canned pears .... all I want is a vat of pears , is that too much to ask for ? :P 
I think Id go crazy without < PROPMALE>'s sense of humour . I love him so much . :) 
It's official ... Im in my third trimester ! Woohoo !!! I can't wait to meet my little guy ! 
Does anyone know if Bishop's Pumokin Farm is still open , I heard it closed down ? 
Going on a hot date with < PROPFEMALE > Christensen ! Going to see Easy A ! :) 
Just made my date do the walk of shame ... hehehe , had an awesome night ! Easy A was pretty cute . :) 
Is playing nurse , poor < PROPMALE > hurt his back . :( I hope he feels better soon , I hate seeing him hurting . 
Took < PROPMALE > to Urgent care , It looks like he is going to be staying home for at least a week . My poor husband , at least the meds are helping him sleep . 
Im going to go out on a limb and say that diabetes testing and bloodwork pretty much suck . Im glad it's finally over , looking foward to an ultrasound on Monday . :) 
I have the sweetest daughter . :) 
Ended up going to the aquarium since my camera was dead , good thing too , because it's hotter than heck outside ! 
< PROPMALE > is the best husband ever ! :) 
Watching Sister Wives ... I couldnt help my self ... Oh god ... its like a train wreck ... I cant look away . 
Had a pretty awesome night . :) Looking foward to our ultrasound . I can't wait to see my little man . <3 
Just got back from our ultrasound , my son is a cutie ! Got some pretty cool pics , looking foward to the 3d ultrasound next Friday . :) 
I love the little things , < PROPMALE > just brought me a Pumpkin Spice Frap ... Mmmm . :) 
About to go swimming , and its almost october .... this is insanity . :P 
Has discovered jango , online radio .... my life has changed . :) 
Nap time ! Im thinking Ill have one too , Im practicing for when I get old this weekend , lol . 
“Dreams , ideas , and plans not only are an escape , they give me purpose , a reason to < PROPFEMALE > on . ” 
You don't get to choose how you're going to die , or when . You can only decide how you're going to live now . \ 
-- < PROPFIRST > Baez 
You don't really understand human nature unless you know why a child on a merry-go-round will wave at his parents every time around - and why his parents will always wave back . ~ William D . Tammeus 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys , I had an awesome night . :) 
10 weeks ! And soooo much to do ! 
Getting our tickets tonight ! :) Im sooo looking foward to the holidays ! 
Dr. appt today , but Im soooooo tired . 
Took Amaya to todays Dr. appt . and she got to hear her brothers heartbeat . Her face was adorable , and then she patted my baby bump all the way to the car . :) My appts are every 2 weeks now , this is going by too fast . 
I had the best nap ever today ... 2 hours of uninterupted bliss . 
Is about to go make some homemade pizza to surprise a very handsome man named < PROPMALE > . :) 
Mya is playing baby . She is pretending to change its diaper and rock it to sleep , except its not a baby , it's the stuffed dog my dad gave her . :) I love my little girl ! 
Getting ready to head to < PROPMALE > for the 3d 4d ultrasound . :) Im thinking Fat Slice in Berkley for lunch . 
Had a wonderful day . My little man decided to sleep through the ultrasound , but we still got some good pictures , I posted a few of them for everyone to see . Had an awesome time with the family ! :) 
Woke up with the baby in my ribs , not the most pleasant sensation . Busy busy day !!! Have so much to get done !!! 
After this mornings painful rib incident , I think Im quite ready to be done . That was the single most excruciating sort of pain I have ever felt . Like my rib cage was being pushed apart . 9 1/2 more long weeks ! At least I will be keeping busy . :) 
I had a wonderful time seeing everyone ! Thank you so much < PROPFEMALE > for throwing our baby shower , and thanks to everyone who came , I had alot of fun . :) 
Gave < PROPMALE > one of his bday presents early , Im such a sucker for a sweet smile . :) 
Amaya gets to play all day with her best friend tommorow , I think I better get to bed , Im going to need my energy , lol !!! 
As much as I love sleeping in , I think the early morning is my favorite time to be awake . 
Just put Amaya in her first pull up , and had the big girl underwear talk with her . They have < PROPFEMALE > on them so Im hoping this goes well . :) 
Im in the single digits now , just 9 weeks left ! He kept sticking his little foot out in funny spots last night , < PROPMALE > and I were cracking up ! I can't wait to meet him . :) 
Im craving cold weather ... so I can drink some hot chocolate . :) 
Im feeling kind of blue ... 
Is on a mission ! 
The universe works in mysterious ways ... 
Took a break to read Mya the foot book , and she loved it , Oh Dr. Suess , I can always count on you . 
Amaya is pretending to be a doctor . :) It's just about the cutest thing ! 
Amaya : Baby ? \ 
Me : The baby is in my tummy . \ 
Amaya : NOOOOOOO ! BABY !!!! \ 
\ 
Pretty much all week she has followed me around and demanded to know where the baby is . I think she is getting tired of waiting . 
Happy Birthday to my awesome husband !!! He's getting old , lol !!! 
Cuddly , Hot chocolate kinda weather ! Im loving it ! Going to snuggle up with < PROPMALE > and watch the game . :) 
Im in for a rough night , luckily I only have to endure the feeling of being pulled apart from the inside for 8 more weeks . :) 
I feel like the luckiest girl in the world today . :) 
Watching Mulan with Mya . :) 
October is half over ? When did this happen ? I can't keep my internal clock working when the weather wont cooperate . Im running out of time and have a ton of stuff to do ! Im due in 8 weeks , and I still need to get completely ready for our little guy , and go christmas shopping . Holy cow !!! 
Amaya blew me away today ... We have been working with her on her counting , and today she was watching a learning show during snack and just started counting with them . I am so proud !!! 
On my way to a Dr. s appointment . Get to hear my little boys heartbeat . :) 
Been having one of those talks about the future that opens up a new doors . I love bouncing my ideas of < PROPMALE > ... he always takes them and makes them make sense . 
Amaya was running and tripped and bonked her head right on the frame of my bed . she has a big bruise right on her forhead , it looks awful ! :( I hate when she gets hurt . 
Im trying to make a grocery list , but the only thing that sounds good is a nap . I don't know why , but Im sooo tired ! 
It's official , I have started my holiday shopping . :) I feel so accomplished . 
Watching \Look Who's Talking\ " for the first time with Marco .... It's hella funny ! " 
Mya is helping me get the bassinet all ready , she even put one of her stuffed animals in there . What a sweetheart . :) 
Im feeling restless . 
<3 I have the sweetest husband . <3 
Thinking about carving some pumpkins !!! 
Mmmmm Cocoa ! 
Woohoo ! Mya is asleep and it isn't even 9 yet !!! Im loving how early it gets dark ! 
Is going to attempt a Turkey Dinner today ... Im very aware that it's not Thanksgiving ... my husband apparently not so aware , lol . :P 
The bird is in the oven !!! :) Smells super good !!! 
Had an awesome day ! Tried my hand at cooking a turkey dinner , and it was mighty tasty , and got to watch Amaya help carve her first pumpkin ! :) 
Im looking foward to this weekend . I get my husband for the whole thing ! :) Hurry up week !!!! 
Earlier we were playing with Amaya and she started with her screamy giggle she does when she is super excited and the baby just started kicking up a storm . It was way too funny . :) 
Lol !!! < PROPMALE > is helping his mom out with her car and Amaya is sooo mad ! She doesn't want to share her daddy with anyone ! She is sitting here yelling \Daddyyyyyyy DADDY Daddddddyyyyyyyyyyyy !!!! \"" 
Might be an early night for me ... Im already feeling tired . 
Laundry , oh how I hate thee ... 
Im so looking foward to this weekend !!!! Mya gets to really trick or treat this year !!!! 
Had an awesome weekend with the family !!! :) 
I think next year < PROPMALE > and I are going to dress up too !!! I had so much fun with last night with all the kids !!! 
I would like to take this oppourtunity to say I told you so ! and also Neaner Neaner . That is all . 
Wow , I just took a look at the calendar , the holidays are almost here . :) 
Is very amused . A little foot keeps pushing against my hand , everytime I lay my hand on my belly . Im in love . :) 
I live the holiday season .... Im drinking a tasty glass of eggnog . :) 
Man ... why does it feel like a Monday ? I am looking foward to < PROPMALE > being off the entire weekend next week . Scratch that , Im looking foward to the leave he gets to take when the baby is born . I kinda like having the big dork around . :) Alright Im lying , I absolutely love when he is home . <3 
Finally got around to actually going and getting my tickets . Im looking foward to December , Its going to be an awesome month ! :) 
I think Im going to make some cinnamon rolls today ! Mmmmm !!!! 
Watching Ten Inch Hero , Its actually pretty funny . :) 
Only 35 days left until the due date , thats just over a month ! Im so excited to meet my little boy , and also not suffer the side effects of pregnancy . :) 
Naptime ! For me too ... I just can't keep my eyes open . 
I don't know if Im so angry because Im tired , or because this isn't the first time . If it's not yours and you take it , it's stealing . If I cook you don't ask first and eat it , it's stealing . We never take without asking , and very rarely take even when offered . I don't take things that belong to others , so don't do it to me . And most importantly , don't take from my baby . All Im asking for is a little respect . 
Lol , Amaya was saying new words left and right today , she is learning so fastWell Im heading to bed , I have a Dr. appt in the morning , fun stuff . :) 
So Im making lunch and Amaya starts dancing around me yelling \Cheese ! Cheese ! Cheese ! \"" 
I just realized we are heading down to San < PROPMALE > this weekend ! I love going down , Amaya has sooooo much fun with all of her cousins . I need to teach her some more moves to beat up her cousin Agustine . hehehe !!! 
Finally going to have some girly time . :) 
Note to self , Overly tired little girls and partys dont mix ... lol . 
Looking foward to seeing the family today . :) 
I had a wonderful time today ! I love getting to see all the family . Thank you everyone for your wonderful gifts . Im looking foward to going back down after our baby is here . :) 
Im almost ready , just need a few more things for my little guy and then we are set . 30 days until the due date . This pregnancy seems so much shorter , with Amaya I was already ready to give birth by about 34 weeks , lol . Im 36 weeks now and I feel like I still have some stuff to get done . 
Im on amazon hunting for the perfect diaper bag . Where do you people get these awesome diaper bags that fit everything you need and then some and dont fall apart ? 
Finally done with dinner . I made thanksgiving early , even baked some pie . I am seriously not cooking for the rest of the week !!! 
Has been struck by genius . :) 
Out of curiosity ... What is everyones favorite baked holiday treats ? 
So my plan was to not go black friday shopping and just order online , but I google the Target adds .... damnit . I cant not go ... 
I think I figured out what I want to get Amaya for her Birthday ! Why do I love shopping for that little booger so much ? ;) 
I hate having stupid girl emotions that make me cry whenever I get super stressed . I just hate it . 
Made Lasagna ! :) 
Im due in 3 weeks ! :) 
Finally got the french toast I was craving . :) 
I guess I better get myself in the kitchen and get started . :/ Id rather take a nap , lol . 
Doing my womanly duties ... hehehe , getting stuff ready with < PROPFEMALE > for our big Thanksgiving feast . :) 
Man , today was nice ... lots of food , friends , and family . And now a girly night of shopping . :) 
I just want to say to everyone who tried to jinx me by saying I was going to go into labour during black friday shopping this morning ... NEANER NEANER !!!!... Funny thing is that I started having contractions in line and < PROPFEMALE > was scared out of her mind that we were going to have to go to the hospitol . Definately a great last couple of days though . :) 
Im so glad I get to spend a whole 3 day weekend with my husband . Sometimes the stress really gets to me , Im always glad he is here to comfort me and try to make things right . 
16 days left . :) 
Fresh steamed green beans = best food ever ! 
My 38 week appointment is in a few hours , Im still amazed that it is already time almost . 
Life certainly knows how to throw a few curve balls at me . At my last ultrasound the baby measured ahead a little over a week , and no one told me my due date had been officially moved . Lmao , Im due December 6th , next Monday , Instead of December 14th . Going in for an ultrasound tomorrow to make sure he is around 8lbs . :) 
Today was a whirlwind , Im looking foward to the ultrasound tomorrow ! My little guy will be here so soon !!! 
Man this is frustrating , I have to wait until Monday now to know if I will be induced next week . The suspense is killing me !!! 
Amaya is sick , it breaks my heart when she doesnt feel good . 
Im finally washing all the babys clothes and blankies in dreft , packing the hospitol bag and getting Amaya's overnight bag done . I swear last time I had all this stuff done by 30 weeks , lol . I can not wait untill we find out whats going to happen on Monday . :) 
Dear Monday , \ 
If you could just hurry up and be here already Id really appreciate it . Also if you could bring some good news with you , that would be even better . K thanks . 
Thinking about pineapple . :) 
Just got back from Fuji . It was so nummy ! :) 
Im thinking a nice steamy shower and a good book would be the perfect end to my night . :) 
So I called to confirm my apt . since they were moving offices . And the receptionist is like \Oh didnt someone call you 
True love is when your husband brings you a bowl of fruit and watches you , waiting for you to start screaming in pain . :P 
Not looking like today is the day . Oh well , at least I get to find out what the plan is tomorrow . Im going to take a nap . :) 
Packing my hospitol bag and heading to L&D . :) Im so excited to meet him !!! 
Finally home from the hospitol ! Amaya is soooo happy ! Pictures will be up as soon as I find my power cord ! :) 
Ok I put a few pictures up ! More tonight , I promise ! Just have to eat some real food . :) 
Man , I can't stop smiling . :) 
My lap top is broken ... :( 
Got a little more christmas shopping done , only a few last things to pick up . :) 
Spent my day christmas shopping with the hubby . :) I can't wait to see the look on Amaya's face on christmas morning . 
First day by myself as a mommy of two . :) 
Whew ... I made it through the first day ! :) 
< PROPMALE > is a week old today ! :) 
Gotta put Amaya down for nap and get busy ! Gotta wrap some presents , fit others into suitcases , and get packed for our trip . :) I love the holidays , even if I always stress out . :) 
Packing for next week , Im really looking foward to spending the holidays with my family . :) 
Wooooo ! < PROPFEMALE > is coming home today !!! :) 
Sit here and cuddle with the kids and watch Madagascar 2 or pack the suitcases . I think this is an easy choice . :) 
Had an awesome night ! 
I want to see \The Black Swan\ " super bad !!! " 
Awesome night :) 
< PROPMALE > is back up to his birthweight ! So no more weekly visits ! He is a whopping 7lbs and 15oz today ! And his newborn clothes are finally fitting good . :D 
I do this everytime ! Im leaving in 2 days and havn't packed anything ! I need to get on it !!! 
<3 
Leaving tonight ! <3 Got to get things done ! 
I love zombie debates . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! I hope you all have an awesome holiday ! :) 
Last present wrapped and under the tree , time to catch some z's before Amaya wakes up . :) 
Kids took a long nap , at the same time today ! Got to cuddle up with < PROPMALE > and watch a movie . It was bliss . 
Woooooo !!! 
Movies :) \ 
Just < PROPMALE > and me :D 
Had a pretty nice day , got to play in the snow with Amaya , and watch a few movies , it was a pretty good day . :) 
Is in this mood that is so complicated even Im having a hard time figuring it out . Im not even sure its a mood , maybe more of a whirling blur of emotions . 
The New year is almost here , time to get started on making all our New Years resolutions come true . What's yours ? \ 
Mine are : \ 
-to fit back in my highschool jeans\ 
-learn to drive\ 
-to have my own place before the next new year\ 
-to be the best mom possible\ 
-to potty train Amaya\ 
-to go on more date nights\ 
-to save up some money in our savings accounts , and open another CD\ 
-to see more of the world 
Happy Birthday Amaya !!!!!! I can't believe she is already 2 !!!! 
Heading home tomorrow night , going to miss my mom and my dad , and having someone else to talk to , but Im excited to get started on all our goals for this year . :) 
Packing up to go home ... Im going to miss everyone , but Ill be glad to get started on everything I want to get done . 
Home ! 
Im feeling zombified ... the train ride home was exhausting , stayed up hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > wayyyyyy to late last night and had to be up wayyyy to early today . I guess Ill get my nap after we get back from the hospital . 
Is so thankful for this miracle . So much stress I can just let go of . :) 
Leave me a 1 word comment . That best describes me using the third letter of your first name . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste to your status . So I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word and not copy . That is no fun :) 
Making blueberry pancakes for Amaya :) 
Amaya : Juice ? \ 
Me : We don't have juice , you want milk ? \ 
Amaya : ( points at milk ) JUICE !!!! \ 
Me : Ok what kind of juice is this ? Cow juice ? \ 
Amaya : Cow juice ! Cow juice ! 
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start , anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending . ~ Author Unknown 
< PROPMALE > is 1 month old today ! He is getting so big ! 
Well Amaya is officially a toddler , we have entered the \Why ? \ " phase . Lol " 
Doing some thinking . 
I wish < PROPMALE > was off today . 
I love Sundays ! 
Things are finally looking up . :) Im looking foward to next month . 
Since apparently all my friends are perverts I will edit my last post to this . I think I just gave myself a heart attack . Better ? Ok ... moving on . :P 
Went on my first jog since of beggining of 2009 . Im feeling good . Started a little late on my resolutions but hey ... I started . Im ending my day 1 a success , which would not have happened if I had started January 1st around all my moms cookies . :P 
So I served my daughter some yogurt , cereal , and bananas for breakfast this morning . When I left the room she was eating like a little angel , 10 seconds later I walked back in and she was giving herself a yogurt facial . Oh the joys of motherhood . :P 
< PROPMALE > is already 6 weeks , that went by so quick !!! 
So thats it ? Is it Spring already ? Sure feels like it . But hey Im not complaining :) 
Have so much on my mind ... can't wait till things are a little more clear 
Things I learned this week :\ 
- Walking shoes are not running shoes\ 
- Never give your toddler Fiber One cereal , no matter how bad they beg for it\ 
- < PROPMALE > can make some awesome broccoli beef\ 
- Its easier to hold your tongue when you have an ace up your sleeve\ 
- Sleeping babies are a natural sedative 
Wooo done with the newborn diapers finally , onto size 1 !!! My little boy is getting so big !!! :) 
My mom sent Amaya an < PROPFIRST > dress and shoes , and now Amaya is parading all over the house in it , its adorable ! :) 
Relaxing with a tasty Pina Colada . Everyones asleep , I barely know what to do with all this time to myself . :) 
The fates are tempting me . 
Lmao didnt mean to photobomb everyone , but its been a while . :) 
Naptime :) 
I have taken up the hobbie of creating smoothies for breakfast and lunch , and I must say this one I just made is the tastiest by far . Yum ! 
Stepped outside of my box and made some Tilapia for dinner . Pretty darn good if I do say so myself . :P 
Tis the season to be jolly ;D 
Victory !!!! :P 
Im a smoothie junkie , I need a full size blender . :D 
Whoa ... it just hit me , I think I know what I want to do . I love epiphanies . 
Im going to cry , or scream , I havn't decided yet . Either way I have had enough . 
Man , I have the silliest sweetest kids . Im such a sucker for them . 
My heart and my head are in two different places lately . My mind is going a million < PROPMALE > per hour trying to figure out whats best for me in the long run . I need to figure out where home is when < PROPMALE > isnt here , but its hard , just hard . Im having some crazy thoughts . 
Someone please fill me in on this Skype business . 
Had a wonderfully awesome day . Got a sexy new haircut ( btw she is the best hairdresser I have ever had ) Got to spend some time with one of my besties , and my daughter accomplished a huge achievement . ( which she will someday hate me for even mentioning on facebook , LOL !!! ) 
I have come to the conclusion that a quite \I told you so . \ " is more satisfactory than blazing revenge . \ 
Lol Amaya is such a sweetheart , she is trying to share with her little brother . :) 
Man it was a long day , I didnt realize how tired I was until just now . Luckily < PROPMALE > is feeling better , and so is my head . Im such a clutz , I nearly gave myself a concusion on saterday night . I have a fat bruise on the side of my head . \ 
Im going to try to head to bed now , I hope this crazy wind doesnt keep me up , its rearranging my backyard . 
Just got back from Nicks 2 month appointment , he is so big now , 23 inches and 10lbs 12oz !!! Poor guy had to get 4 shots and an oral vaccine . He's a trooper . :) 
Hahaha what would YOU do for a klondike bar ? 
Ha ! Yes ! Woohooo !!!! * Does Victory dance * Shabaam !!!! 
have noticed that you are only seeing updates or getting comments from the same people lately ? That's because Facebook made a change . You only see posts from people you interact with regularly , to change this Scroll down to the bottom of the newsfeed on the homepage and click on ' Edit Options ' , click on ' Show Posts From ' and change the setting to ' All Of Your Friends and Pages ' * REPOST AND LET EVERYONE KNOW * 
< PROPMALE > got me some new shoes ! <3 
Making Cioppino for the first time ! It looks beautiful and smells so good !!! 
well the deed is done , and for everyone who wanted to know , no they did not scream . 
Things are beggining to really look up for us , lots of exciting things in the near future . See , positive thoughts attract positive things . A little change in attitude was all I needed , lol . 
I have a gargantuan amount of buisiness to take care of , and I couldnt be happier . I think I have just enough time to get it all done . :) * does happy dance * 
When it is dark enough , you can see the stars . ~ Ralph < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Had an awesome night . Mudslides at Macaroni Grill with < PROPMALE > . <3 
What is this ? Both of my kids napping at the same time ! I dont even know what to do with myself right now . LOL !!! 
In the morning I am resuming my efforts to get into shape . My pizza diet has only allowed me to lose one size in the last month , and frankly Id like to pick up the pace . Going to start excersizing regularly and eating better . Pizza I bid you farewell . :( 
Going on a date . Gotta get myself all dolled up . :P 
Awwwww < PROPMALE > is \talking\ " to me . " 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Maguire 
Had a pretty great night out . :) So sleepy now . * yawn * 
Screw it ! Im giving in ! :P 
So congested .... ughhhhhh 
Cooking up some Gumbo . :) 
I hate being sick , currently Id like to chop off my nose . 
Im in heaven . :) 
Finally got my poor baby to sleep , I hate when he feels sick . Going to try to catch some z's myself I think . 
So it is official , I have a blog , and I have blogged , thus making me a bonified blogger . Hehehe . But don't worry its on wordpress.com no here , I wanted to avoid filling your streams with more of my rants than I already do , lmao . 
Playing Peek a Boo with < PROPMALE > . He is getting big soooo fast ! 
Looking foward to the future , whatever it may hold . 
Finally home , that was a long drive . 
Im so looking foward to Tuesday and all of the answers it will bring . 
Amaya's doing my hair . :D 
Poor Amaya is so sick , she coughing so hard she throws up . And she doesnt want to eat . All that work we put into trying to get her to gain weight .... ughhh my poor baby . I hope she feels better in the morning . :( 
Sometimes when your waiting around for the future it comes right up and smacks you in the face , lol . Im excited , nervouse , but mostly proud . Looking foward to all kinds of new adventures . :) 
I despise being sick ! >:( 
Spent my evening at the ER , not fun . Glad < PROPMALE > is ok though . 
So my husband has this problem with leaving his spare change EVERYWHERE ! So today I gave Amaya a money jar , and she is going through our room picking up all the coins and bills she see's . Im going to make < PROPMALE > watch while she spends it . :P 
Kinda down tonight :\\ 
Has been defeated by a blender . 
My new blender dominates . :) 
Long night , even longer tomorrow to look foward to . But Im excited :) 
Playing the waiting game .,.. 
Finally heard from him :) He rocked his asvab , has to go back in Monday for his physical . Guess I better starve him until then ;P 
Im very sorry to have to be the bearer of bad news , but well , here it is : THE WORLD IS ENDING !!!! I made some tilapia for my lunch , and Amaya decided SHE was going to eat it , and after she ate it she decided I should cook some more . My daughter volentarily ate meat , and not just any meat , fish ! 
Hoping to get a reply from a friend soon , this tsunami stuff has me worried . :( 
I <3 Netflix :) 
So I am having an Army Wives marathon . Started with season one since I have never seen it . It keeps making me cry ! 
Hey does anyone know what everyone is supposed to wear this weekend for pictures ? 
My son has discovered his toes :) 
Had a wonderful night with my family , even though they are pretty much crazy , lol . 
I really need to get over this mood I have been in lately . 
Feeling much better today . :) 
Well < PROPMALE > is gone until tomorrow , guess Ill resume my Army Wives marathon . I cant wait to see him tomorrow . :) 
Got the kids all piled into my bed . I swear Amaya takes up more room than < PROPMALE > does . :) 
Baking a cake for daddy with Amaya . :) 
Looking foward to my husband coming home . Made him a cake and some chocolate covered strawberries . Just need to figure out something special for dinner . Any ideas ? 
Well I guess thats it then , Im an Army wife now . 
4 < PROPMALE > .... Im so exhausted ! And soooo sooo excited to finally watch the new Army Wives !!!!! 
Hanging out with my little man . Debating what show to catch up on , on Netflix . Im debating between starting Secret Life of an American Teenager or Firefly , since I have never seen either of those , but rewatching the entire < PROPFEMALE > series is tempting also since its been so long . Hmmmm what to do ? 
Thinking .... 
Just finished watching Tangled , It was sooooo cute ! 
Had a pretty great day with my husband . Now relaxing and watching Spirited Away , waiting for him to get back home . :) 
Helping Amaya paint a special present to send to her Grandma and Grandpa . :) 
Spent the whole afternoon running around the park with the kids . Now we are getting ready to barbeque . :) The weather is soooooo perfect ! 
Got all my seeds for our garden this year , Im so excited !!!! It will be the first one we have ever gotten to see through to the end . :D 
I forgot how much I love quiet mornings . :) 
Lmao , Im dying . Everytime I tickle < PROPMALE > he shrieks and then giggles , its super cute . :D 
Started watching Glee and I couldn't stop , I am such a nerd , lol . 
< PROPMALE > is 4 months old today ! Such a big boy !!! 
Amaya has a new favorite thing . Lmao ... rocks . She talks about them all the time and has her very own rock collection she carries around in a pretty little bag . :D 
< PROPMALE > got to meet his Great Grandpa today !, Im so happy that he did . :) I love when he comes to visit ! 
Took < PROPMALE > to the Doctor today for his 4 month check up . He is huge ! 15lbs and 3oz !!! 
Man , counting down the weeks ... 
Amaya amazes me :) 
Having a wonderfully busy day . Cooking up lunch for < PROPMALE > before he goes to PT , and combining spring cleaning and packing . Im starting to get excited . And I just checked on the herbs I started and they are sprouting . :) 
Introducing Amaya to the best Disney Movie of all time , yes of course I am speaking of Beauty and the Beast . Needless to say she loves it and now wants me to buy it . :) 
Going to hit the hot tub with the bestie , need some r and r . :) 
Anyone know any good places to get kids pictures done in the area ? 
Had a little lunch date with < PROPMALE > today , It was so fun , went to the px for the first time and had < PROPFEMALE > Garden . :) 
Woohoo , so excited !!!!! 
OMG Easter is already this weekend ??? We havn't even planned anything ! Where has this month gone ??? ( Not that Im complaining . ) 
Making easter cupcakes with Amaya :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are having more fun than Amaya making these dang cupcakes . Lmao I made a mudslide cupcake , peanut butter and chocolate cupcakes , blueberry and chocolate cupcakes , and pretty easter cupcakes . Lmao !!! 
Frustrated ... Im just gonna let it go and watch a movie . 
I wish 4 weeks would hurry up and fly by . I can't wait to see my Mom , Dad , and Killy ! :) 
Totally feeling encouraged . :) 
Must get back to packing this room up . Lots of work I dont want to do , but it will be worth it . :) 
Filling eggs for Amayas easter egg hunt tomorrow and I have no idea how many to fill . Last year we did over 400 eggs but it was for the whole family . 
Glad her basket and all the eggs are ready to go for tomorrow , now that its over with Im excited for her to wake up and see . :) 
Happy Easter Everyone ! 
Teaching Amaya how to use a mouse so she can play her preschool game for a little bit . :) This brings me back to all the games we used to play in computer lab at < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . I want to play Oregon Trail super bad right now . :P 
Making spaghetti sauce from fresh tomotoes I feel like a pioneer .... an italian pioneer . :P 
Watching A Very Potter Musical , I love < PROPMALE > Criss , lol . 
Motivated , in a few ways . Thats always good . :) Looking foward to all the excitement and fun in the next few weeks . Keeping my fingers crossed that the car passes smog today so I can let go of that stress . 
