A man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd . A man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been . 

W.T.F. !!!! My truck got broke in to ..... again ..... in the driveway ..... in JV ! Why dont they just knock on the door and ask to kick me in the BALLS ! I just dont understand why they just dont take the whole fucking thing . Thank god for insurance !!!! Oh yeah . 
I swear , the next asshole that looks at my shit its gonna be like the Guns of the navarone up in this bitch !!!! I mean Superfly TNT !!!! 
Aint got no job , got a busted up ass truck , Fixin to go to jail for back child support , can someone one tell me how much it cost for just one rib ?!?!?!?!?!? 
No cement this morning ! 
Day 36 on this job with 15 days actual drilling and no light at the end of the tunnel . 
ACL reconstruction surgery for me tomorrow !!! YAY !! :( 
The Doctor said I'd be walking by friday ........ Well its Friday and still not walking ! 
Why is it that people with tattoos get funny looks ? Is it because people are afraid of them ? I just dont get it . 
Arkansas ........ what a joke ! 
Schlumbergers Power Drive ..... My 6yr old could run this thing ! I think every well should be drilled with a rotary steerable ! This could make a man lazy ! 
Oil base mud and hydraulic fluid on the stairs is not a good thing ! Just slide down the stairs on my ass ....... dang that hurt ! Darn roughnecks dont know what a pressure washer is ! This is the dirtiest rig I've ever been on ! 
There are no TACOS in Arkansas ! 
Dream as if you have forever . Live as if you only have today .... James < PROPFIRST > 
Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances ....... Thomas < PROPMALE > 
When tough little boys grow up to be dads\ 
They turn into big babies again .... Missing my babies 
0600- Picked up curve assembly . 1800- 80 degrees at the bit , with 65 degrees of turn completed ! Almost landed in less then 12 hours !........ Can we say drilling GOD ! 
Just bid on 8.5 acres near Telluride , Colorado ! Beautiful place right in the < PROPMALE > Mountains , elevation ...... 10000ft ! 
Headed out Monday in my < PROPMALE > Ranch to drill a well on the < PROPMALE > Ranch ........ 
There are more illegals on the < PROPMALE > Ranch than there are COWS !!!! I saw 4 on the main road this morning . Then at the Spud meeting we were told that there was a big shootout between Mexi drug dealers and the Border Patrol here on the ranch last night ! And the gate gaurds get jumped on a regular basis ! And NOT to stop for any reason ! WTF ! 
Illegals were at the back door of the company mans trailer wanting in ! Border Patrol came out and chased them off ! We are now told to make sure all doors and windows are locked at all times ! I'm starting to not want to be here ...... 
Tripped for a motor last night ...... Tripping for the good ole MWD tonight . PERFECT ! 
you think that putting up a mosque , 600 ft . from Ground Zero , and having the inauguration on the anniversary of 9/11/11 is immoral , inhuman and a complete lack of respect for the memories of all that perished there on that day and their survivors . That politicians are ... doing a grave ... injustice to the fallen heroes , their families ... and all the people of NYC , as well as all Americans THEN PLEASE COPY & POST 
Looking for a 1929 - 32 Ford Tudor Sedan all STEEL ! If anybody knows where I could find one PLEASE let me know ........ Rat < PROPMALE > time !!!!!!! 
I WANNA GO FAST !!!!!!! SHAKE AND BAKE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\Thats Bold Talk for a One Eyed Fat Man \"" 
I know what your thinking , did I fire 6 shots or only 5 ? To tell you the truth in all this excitement I lost track myself . But being this is a 44 Magnum , the most powerful handgun in the would , and could blow your head clean off , you gotta yourself one question . Do I feel lucky ? Well do ya , punk ! 
My best friend gave me the best advise . He said each day's a gift not a given right . \ 
Leave no stone unturned , Leave your fears behind , and take the path less traveled by . The first step you take is the longest stride . 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So He put his arms around you and He whispered come to me . With tearful eyes I watched you , and saw you pass away . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke my heart to prove to me , He only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you miss every day . 
South < PROPFEMALE > here I come ! 
COLD BEER .......... PEANUTS !!!!!! 
THEY SUCK AGAIN < PROPMALE > !!!!! TEEEEXANS SUCK THEY REALLY REALLY SUCK ! 
Well I woke up sunday morning with no way to hold my head that didn't hurt . And the beer I had for breakfast wasn't bad , so I had one more for desert ..... 
Watch out for Canadian Rig Savanah 439 ! They seem to know everything there is to know about Directional Drilling ! LMAO !!!! They just told me the 35k was to much for X grade pipe , not gonna use a rotating head and if there is any gas what so ever that they would shut the well in !!!!! LMFAO !!!! We are drilling is the Eagleford is S . Texas were there is GAS all the time !!!! F@&# me to tears ! 
Cold beer , < PROPFIRST > Haggard , and a dirt road ? Reminds me of Solid Gold Sundays ! 
Senioritas ! I'm single !!!! 
Well the jobs done , bags are packed , and the ol < PROPMALE > ranch is gettin his wings ready to fly back to < PROPMALE > ! Cold beer awaits !!!!!! 
WTF ! I just found a massive oil leak under my truck ! Think its time to drop a cummins into the Ol ' Ford ! 
Just dropped my truck off at < PROPFIRST > Myers ford and all they had to rent was a Ford Fusion !! For crying put loud I 6 ' 3''!!!!!! My knees are in the dash ! 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill gowithout treatment . Troops go without the proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them ! Yet we donate billions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first ! 1% will ...... repost .... and the 99% of people on Facebook won't ...... have the spine or guts !!!! 
After $2300 in repairs and my truck is still leaking !!!!! Yep this is the last time ! Time to get Destroked !!! 
Hahaha ! Texans gave the game away again ! How pathetic !!!!!! 
Riding in a G6 ........ Yeah I know ..... 
Where are all the Cowboy Haters this morning ? I'm wondering what kind of BS excuses ( Texans ) we are gonna hear today ? 
How is Obama Care like the < PROPMALE > Texans defense ? Everybody is covered but how well is anybodies guess ! 
The geese are calling my name !!!!! 
To all my family and friends , I hope y'all had a great Thanksgiving ! 
Headed to Arnegard , North < PROPFEMALE > in the morning . 
The damn ford broke down last night . Must have been bad fuel . After the tow in , the guy ask me for my keys and said not to worry , they wouldn't go joy riding . I turned and looked him straight in the eyes and said if y'all do your gonna have to push it to get anywhere ! Needless to say I wasn't worried about the joy riding and we all had a good laugh !! 
I don't need an Angel on my Christmas tree . I already have one in heaven looking down on me .... Put this as your status if there is someone in heaven you wish could be with you this Christmas 
Anyone looking for a Drilling Superintendent , Company Hand , or Coordinator , 
Wouldn't you think that after 2 surveys ( well below your actual build rate needed ) you should maybe say something to someone other than your local pebble pimp ? Say ...... the Company Man or Engineer or even your damn LEAD DIRECTIONAL DRILLER !!!!! 
-15 degrees this morning ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Ya'll 
I love it when the Company Man thinks he knows better than the Directional Hand ! 
Sure lets turn the pipe to the left and see what happens ! Knock yourself out cuz ! 
Lost bottom half of our motor in the hole ...... I say , I say , I say , ITS IN THE HOLE ! 
AND SHES GONE GONE GONE ..... CRYIN CAN'T GET HER BACK ! 
I should start up my own Fishinf Tool company ..... Our slogan would be ..... Got Company Men ...... We gotcha covered ! 
There is nothing like starting over ........... for the third time ..... 
Its but cold out here and I'm fresh outa beer ! 
DAMN SHALE !!!!!...... ALMOST MADE IT !! 
WELL F@#% ME TO TEARS !!!! STUCK AGAIN !!!! PLEASE DON'T KILL THE PUMPS WHEN YOUR PACKING OFF , I WANNA BE HERE TILL I'M 80 !!!!!!!! I SWEAR WHERE DO THESE HANDS COME FROM !!!!! 
NEW FOX PRO , MATHEWS Z7 EXTREME , BINOCS , AND AN AR15 223 ! PLUS GOT SOME COOL STUFF FOR THE KIDS ! 
I just figured out how to work here in N . Dakota ........ Drink heavily !!!!! 
Sidetrack #4 !!!! Just when you think your out , they suck you back in !!!!!! 
I won’t be wronged , I won’t be insulted , and I won’t be laid a hand on . I don’t do these things to other people , and I require the same from them . ” 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people FAT . Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! ( Re posted from another friend's status message . Feel free to do the same- 
Whipstock #2 - Sidetrack #4 @%#$ ! &^@* ! @%$@$ ! % !!!!!!!!! 
40ft off on our strap going in the hole ! Again , where do thes people come from ! That makes 4 times on this well . Sure glad we took the last 2 stands easy or there be no tellin where the whipstock would be pointing ! 
We are in serious need of GOOD directional hands that really KNOW what they are doing !!!!!! Let me ask you this . If your 12ft high , only needing 9 degrees per hundred and are currently getting 16.5 degrees per hundred why would you keep sliding a 100% ??? Oh , and this is a Turn-a-Zontal ...... Building to 90 and turning 91 degrees at the sametime . For those that might get confussed , no need to apply . 
in North Platte , Nebraska 
Going to get my 17 year old 30X resistal refurbished . Holy crap that's been a good hat . Maybe I'll get another 17 out of her ! 
Dock that Chink a days pay for nappin on the job ! 
I wouldn't put that in my nose if I were you . You know how they get it in here don't you ?...... people smuggle it in ...... they ass ! If I gotta get high and gotta smell some shit , I ain't gonna have none ! That ain't high ! That's low !!!! 
You just listen to the Ol ' Pork Chop Express and take his advice on dark and < PROPFEMALE > night . When a 8 foot tall wild eyed maniac grabs your neck and taps you favorite head up against a bar room wall looks you in the eye and asks if you've paid your dues , you stare that big sucker in the eye and remember what Ol ' < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > says at a time like this .. ( yes sir the check is in the mail) ! 
The warrior merely carries the sword on behalf of others . His task is a lordly one because the warrior still agrees to die for the mistakes of others . 
He laughs at fear , afraid of nothing . He does not shy away from the sword . He can not stand still when the trumpet sounds . \ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Tweedy of Sectetariat 
