back at the crib ! 

I'm still trying to deinstitutionalize myself ..... man ! 
Headed to go see my boy < PROPFIRST > Aldean ..... He learned everything from me btw .... :) 
well i taught < PROPFIRST > everything he knows .... I'm proud of him . lol 
but still nobody does like < PROPFIRST > Cash 
I'll see you when I see you 
Homecoming party ..... I think it's gonna be a good day . 
< PROPFIRST > Altman is pretty awesome ..... ;) 
Guess you really do find out who your friends are ...... -_- 
Sometimes you have to do whats best for your future ..... 
freakin stalkers man .... 
I've got things to see and people to do .... :) 
FMLYHM ...... I love the sound of when you come undone . :) 
Blue on black , tears on a river , push on a shove , it don't mean much , joker on < PROPFIRST > , match in a fire , cold on ice , it's a dead man's touch . 
Blind , oh now I see , Truth , Lies and In Between , Wrong , Can't Be Undone , Slipped From the Tip Of Your Tongue 
It sure left its < PROPFIRST > on us , We sure left our < PROPFIRST > on it , Let the world know we were here ... with everything we did , Laid a lot of memories down , Like tattoos on this town . 
I love you/ I hate you/ I can't live without you 
at the sweaty < PROPFEMALE>'s house ... she's got me stressin 
new number 803-410-8517 
bout to catch up on some gossip with < PROPFEMALE > and hit the sheets 
I am about to finally go to bed .... Goodnight facebook ! By the way , did I mention it still feels great to be home ? 
300 dollars worth of speakers just came in ... holy crap this is going to fun 
It aint easy loving me .... 
Dude ... Im goin to sleep now . It feels so good to be in my own bed still ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Don't start thinking I'm gonna stop , giving it all I got , If you think you've seen love you ain't seen nothing yet . 
Eating duck with Burnes tonight .... and the sweaty < PROPFEMALE > . lol 
Burnes's house was fun tonight .... gotta do it again sometime 
up here cooking with my < PROPFEMALE > ... Good quality time together . Lol 
Stressin !!!!!! 
People don't know about the things I say and do\ 
They don't understand about the shit that I've been through\ 
It's been so long since I've been home\ 
I've been gone , I've been gone for way too long\ 
Maybe I forgot all things I miss\ 
Oh somehow I know there's more to life than this 
To everyone on facebook .... Ya'll suck ! like seriosuly . 
Why do I always end up with hood rats man ? 
People tend to piss me off .. but theres alwasy someone to make up for someone else's ignorance 
Night falls and I'm alone ... skin , chills me to the bone ... you turned and you ran ,... slipped right from my hand . 
Tonight was probably one of the best nights I've had since I've been home .... Pretty cool man . 
Hit the gym with < PROPFIRST > today ... Sore as hell . Enjoyed spending time with < PROPFEMALE > too ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! Time for me to clock out . Later ! 
Had a nice quiet evening at home with my darling eating chinese and watching a G rated movie . I love you < PROPFEMALE > 
like this if you think I'm a player ! ( hit the like button ) 
Hackin Adams Facebook Cuz He Didnt Logg Off \ 
:P 
I woke up early this morning around 4 a.m. with < PROPFEMALE > shining bright as head lights on the interstate . I pulled the covers over my head and tried to catch some sleep , but thoughts of me kept keeping me awake . 
My horse doesn't have balls anymore .... Poor guy . 
I have already gone through hell .... There aint but so much the world can throw at me now . So bring it on !! 
The travelling , the singing , it don’t mean nothing without you\ 
The fast cars , the guitars , they are all just second to , \ 
This life , this love that you and I have been dreaming of , for so long\ 
It’d all be as good as gone , without you . 
So today my brother asked me if i wanted to sit around and eat cheetoes and talk about the mighty duck movies .... I had no idea that I was really going to do that tonight . Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
Papa < PROPMALE>'s hot wings are killing my stomach right now ..... starting to wonder if they were worth eating ?? :( 
Hittin the hay . Had a good day . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Applying to Florence-Darlington Tech .... 
Bout to jam to the beatles and go to sleep ! 
I ain't got nothing but love girl , Eight Days a Week !! - < PROPFIRST > Lennon I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
And when the night is cloudy , there is still a light , that shines on me , \ 
shine until tomorrow , let it be . \ 
I wake up to the sound of music , mother < PROPFIRST > comes to me , \ 
speaking words of wisdom , let it be . 
Looking for a fishing partner tomorrow morning .... 
Lets all protest gay marriage . God made < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > .... Not < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . And for all of you who are wondering ... No gays are not accepted into heaven like they are Disneyworld !!! 
Constant over stimulation numbs me , But I would not want you any other way , It's not enough , I need more , Nothing seems to satisfy , I don't want it , I just need it , To breathe , to feel , to know I'm alive 
< PROPFIRST > Links Beef Jerkey Presents .... Fishing with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I wanna take the time to thank everyone who is really supporting my music at this time and pulling the strings to get me somewhere . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > especially . 
< PROPFEMALE > , I love you . 
Homosexuals don't go to heaven ...... 
Going to eat tacos with < PROPFEMALE > .... and btw .... I guess some homosexuals do go to heaven . 
Bout to head off to bed . I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Looking back .... I've did some pretty stupid things . 
gotta get up for the lake in 3 hours ... oh boy .... going to bed 
Let me love you on a backroad . Let's make a wreckless memory . There ain't a house within ten < PROPMALE > of here , no . So nobody's gonna see . Take your seatbelt off and climb on over here girl , leave the driving up to me . 
dudez ..... im going to bed 
woke up to the sound of < PROPFIRST>'s voice again this morning . So it looks like I'm not sleeping in 
Going fishing .... anyone wanna come ? 
I choose death befire dishonor , I'd rather die than live down on my knees . 
Sittin here sharing jail stories with DJ . Lmfao . 
And I'm sitting here stressin on life right now ...... then I stop to think ... Maybe you aren't even worth the worry anymore . To hell with my pride and everything else . I'm living hard and trusting noone . 
Caught a monster at the pond with < PROPMALE > today . Puts me in a good mood . Pics will be up soon . 
If I hadn't been so stubborn , been so selfish , thought about her more , thought about me less .... 
I just got back from Hell and I'm standing here alive . I know it's really hard to tell . Don't know how I survived . But I can't say that I'm doin ' grea . t But I think I'm doin ' well . That Devil's gonna have to wait .... Cause I just got back from Hell 
dj smells like bacon . 
Ohhh I'm bout to get into my room Pick up that guitar and write while i got something in my head . < PROPFEMALE > I had a great time tonight I love you ! 
Ugly stik : $45 , < PROPFIRST > Boat : $1050 , a day at the lake with my brother : Priceless ! 
So I think I'm gonna stick to my 11:00 curfew I set for myself ...... cuz I go out a little later one night , and my < PROPMALE > likes to not drive with lights on so we get stopped . That's a good enough sign for me to stay in the house .... for good . 
I've got a new song posted on my < PROPFEMALE > .!!!!!!! 
Maybe I'm amazed at the way you love me all the time , or maybe I'm afraid of the way I love you ... 
He's my best friend thats never gonna change If he was doing the things i've did then I'd help him do the same . He's got my back through thick and thin . Can't wait for friday night so we can do it all again . 
Go to my profile to hear my new song With < PROPFIRST > Hopkins ! 
Its been a hard days night . 
So I'm boring now ? well maybe it's because I had no choice but to grow up .... 
Chillin at home . Nothing to do . 
Doing a whole lot of thinking ...... 
Hold that hatchet high ! Cuz you're gonna need it when theres fire in the sky ! 
Man i dont care . Imma do me ! And just me . 
S.O.L. ( stressin on life ) 
Everyday is Spring Break to me ..... hahaha 
Who wouldn't wanna be me ? 
I am a ninja , I have no fear , I do not fear the unknown . For I embrace the wonders of the world around me and teh differences in others . I shall meet adversity head on for I am a survivor . Nothing can stop my shine ! 
I ain't never gonna change .... It's just who I am 
I have to crack jokes all the time .... It helps me to not deal with reality straight forward . It's my way of life . Deal with it people . 
Been with my sweaty < PROPFEMALE > for a year today ..... well ... sorta . lol 
Ok second time Ive went through a Turbeville road block and both times they ask me to pull over and step out the car . And neither time have they found anything . 
A bad day of fishing beats a good day of anything else . 
Father forgive them for they know not what they do . 
I went to church today so everyone leave me alone ! 
Cuttin grass yo ! 
Old man take a look at my life , I'm a lot like you . 
I think I'm gonna go get a degree in criminal justice 
I ain't never had no easy life , What I have become didn't come from thinking twice . I put that on everything , and everyone . I was born to fill the prophecy , the son of the second son . 
Bass master ! 
Grizzly Mint Longcut ... Mmmmmmm . 
I aint stressin no more !! I finally got power back ! 
Woke up this morning praying .... I just knew Jesus was coming back . 
Tried to make a video of my killer guitar solo but a huge gash in my finger kinda screwed it up . Sorry ya'll! 
woke up a little late this morning . Gotta find something to do today . 
frying some bacon .... 
Bed ! 
Headed to Olanta to cut down some trees ...... Not my idea of fun . But I'm gonna do it regardless . 
In all reality , I can't please everyone . 
I'm in one of those moods where I hate you ... Please , just don't bother me . 
I keep thinking that it's good and all over now , you keep on thinking you can save . My ship is sinking but it's all good and I can go down , you got me thinking that the party's all over 
So < PROPFEMALE > asked me to run to the store and get peanut butter , bread , and bananas . I come back with bread and peanut butter . He yells at me . C'mon < PROPFEMALE > . 2 out of 3 ain't bad . 
Ready to get out of here and not look back .... 
This might be the heartache that don't stop hurting .... 
man i love the way grizzly mint taste .... 
I love makin ' music you can make love to . :) 
My g/f won't answer the phone or reply back to texts .... great . Wonder what I did this time . 
At home , bored , nothing to do . I miss my sweaty < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Today was a pretty lonesome day .... 
I go to get gas for the lawnmower only to realize i left the jug at home .... had somethin better on my mind i guess . 
Found my peavey dynamic microphone in the toolbox ..... O§o ? 
some people push me , but don't realize that i don't have to hit them to make things ok .... 
I'm hungry ... Gotta go munch on some grindage . 
justice will be served to you my old friend .... justice will be served . 
All I have to do now is wait and watch .... and enjoy the outcome . People are stupid ..... And justice for all . 
' Cause I love the long-shots , \ 
And the left-out lost causes . \ 
Hangin ' out in the back of the pack , \ 
With the dark horses . \ 
I ride the wrong road , \ 
Just as fast as I can . \ 
God knows there's no one else to blame . \ 
Sometimes , I think I get off on the pain . 
I don't know why I love women , They love to do me wrong . I don't know why my life sounds like A heart-broke country song . I ain't really happy , \ 
Until the sky starts driving rain . Maybe , I just get off on the pain . 
headed to work in a little while . I love you < PROPFEMALE > 
I didn't do it ! 
seems like troubles my best friend as soon as i get out I'm back in again , it's a wonder I ain't all alone , cuz it ain't easy loving me 
Lookin back now .... I don't regret anything . If I could do it again I'd do it the same . 
Ridin bikes with < PROPFIRST > and that welch boy . 
My bike broke so im riding on erics handlebars . :) 
bout to head to work ... later foolz ! 
Fishin with Mr. Gerald . :P 
friday night is gonna be bull ..... The welch boy has already bailed on me and < PROPFIRST > to go see a fat chick . Poker aint fun with 2 people . Anybody up for a poker night ??? 
< PROPMALE > just went all in with 8 pennies and a pencil . :P 
Poker update . < PROPMALE > just bet a condom after losing 8 pennies and a pencil 
I love you < PROPFEMALE > . So much !! 
Crackwhores man ??? Why do they get so mad and try to have me killed when I don't want them ?? 
Headed to pamplico to go raiw 
Headed to pamplico to go raise some hell with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Yeehaw ! 
I just rode a donkey 
Rode a donkey , almost managed to kill myself on the dirtbike , come home soakin wet , and I still had pretty good time . Thanks < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . :p 
She's built like a man and talks like a dude .... ok . Who am I talking about ?? :) guess right and I'll tell you something about you ! 
Now when you hear that demon knockin at your door you just tell him you dont want his kind round here no more . You gotta kick him in the teeth and do what i did 
I cry when angels deserve to die ..... 
fells good to be me . 
It ain't no good even trying . Why even bother . I get lied to no matter who I turn to . 
I look at the world and i notice it's still turning while my guitar gently weeps . 
So let loose those tears darling . Cuz I'll turn my back . 
I've learned to never underestimate the impossible . 
You think you have the best of intentions . I cannot shake the taste of blood in my mouth . :) 
Lonesome night . Preparing for a long lonesome weekend ... 
Headed out . Nowhere to go but I'll find something I'm sure . 
Change of plans .... Im back to sqaure one .... 
Change of plans ... Back to square one .... 
Headed to the fields to plant ... Woohoo . Oh joy ! 
Farming is boring as hell .... 
So we post the hatchet do or die now juggalos standing tall after all six have risen . The end of time will consume us all 
I been caught sideways out here on the crossroads . Trying to buy back pieces I lost of my soul . Its hard when the devil wont get off your back . 
Im so tired I can't sleep . 
So i never made it far enough to go to prom ... Who wants to take me to prom next year ? lol . 
Looks like Macho Man < PROPFIRST > Savage was the only one not left behind .... Dang . 
I been caught sideways , out here on the crossroads , trying to buy back pieces I lost of my soul ... It's hard when the devil won't get off your back , it's like carryin round the past in a hundred pound sack . 
at work and theres a huge < PROPFIRST > in my way ... 
Jammin to some \in yo face\ " at 1:11 am . " 
it's like trying to put smoke back in this ciggarette 
I've been told I'm going to rot inside the devils intestines .... I'm still her holding my spot . 
..... nigger 
Sittin ' here alone I'm lookin ' back on where I've roamed\ 
And laughing how I swore I'd win and not get burned 
goin to bed .... 
I had a good \Sweaty < PROPFEMALE > Sunday\ " ;) " 
Last night .... 
So .... What can I do right for once ??? 
Im just shootin the bull in this ole ' cow town .... 
Its enough to male man throw up . Sure is hard to figure . How any decent girl would screw a greasy nigger . 
SHIT !!! 
Fishin with < PROPFIRST > . Piss !!! 
Ahh shit < PROPFIRST > just blew a tire on the boat trailer .... 
Still stressin under the bridge but im having fun . :P 
Some day I'm finally gonna let go cuz I know theres a better way . 
My phone is screwed . This has been a horrible day . 
Thanks to everyone for helping me get this far . Its time to get out of here now . 
Stupid fags .... 
-§- ........ 
I hate you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Work .... STRESSIN ON LIFE !! 
I look at you all , see the love pervert sleeping , while my guitar gently weeps . 
I will only complicate you , trust in me and fall as well . 
Helter Skelter ! 
Skeletons and Ghosts are hiding in the shadows , threatening me with all the things that they know . Choices and mistakes , they all know my name . 
\Outlaw\ " has just been completed . Pretty sure the recording will be up soon . " 
I can't say that I'm doing great but I think I'm doing well , Tell the world that I'm alive and I just got back from hell 
For sale ! Grizzly Wintergreen can signed by Burnes Yarborough ! 300 or best offer . 
Thank god theres girls like you for guys like me . 
I feel like crap . :( 
And the thunder rolls , and the lightning strikes . Another love grows cold , on a sleepless night . And the storm rolls on out of control . 
We are going to Omaha baby !!! 
I just screwed up my moms washing machine ..... 
So my gf thinks I'm seeing someone else ... Wow ?? 
My life sucks right now .... What else can go wrong ? 
Today , I am devotong my time to one of my two loves . Songwriting . 
I'm finding myself . 
Looks like im playin rugby today . 
I think I love rugby as much as < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
There will be an answer , Let it be ! 
C'mon and bring it on !! Say what you want and do what you please ... but I bet my soul that you can't step up to me you faggots ! 
I just scored and it didnt involve sex ! 
Well , I just got back from Hell , \ 
And I guess to tell the truth\ 
Well , I've been mad at everyone , including God and you\ 
When you can't find no one to blame you just blame yourself\ 
And I know I'll never be the same\ 
I just got back from Hell 
HORSE MANURE !!!! 
HORSE MANURE ! 
Well you do what you do and you pay for your sins and theres no such thing as what might have been . Thats a waste of time , drive you outta your mind . 
Bowling with the dudez ... She got me stressin . 
Me < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > were the first ever customers for unlimited bowling night ! 
Nothing to do today , So I guess I'm doing me ! Cuz I'm not getting yelled at again . 
I have visitors ! 
I cant catch a break . 
More Ace Combat . <3 
Nag nag nag nag nag ! 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using FOUR words only , what would you say to me ? NOTE : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good egg and play along . ( 4 words is harder than you think ) :D 
My sweaty < PROPFEMALE > <3 
My house . 
Too much crap goin on today . Busy busy busy busy ! 
Oh boy , I already screwed up again . 
I think my heart is on the verge of explosing . :/ 
All you random fat chicks that keep IMing me ...... Please ... could you just stop ? I never reply . Do you not get that I don't want to talk to you ??? 
Olanta bound . 
Me and Burnes are writing something new . 
I've finally reached the breaking point ..... I just gave up on everything 
My wish for you is that this life becomes all you want it to , your dreams stay big your worries stay small . You never have to < PROPFEMALE > more than you can hold and while you're out there getting where you're gettin to , I hope you know somebody loves you . And wants the same thing to . Yeah this is my wish . 
I hurt myself today . To see if I still feel . 
and you could have it all , my empire of dirt . I will let you down , I will make you hurt . 
Go get get'em < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Im digging my < PROPFIRST > roth goatee right now . :) 
Wingo and his yard cocks ! 
There's Roth and there < PROPFIRST > and old Matty Price . When he comes in the game just turn out the lights . So thank you Coach < PROPMALE > for building us a winner . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! MCL NINJA ! 
Sure . Lol . Ya really think ? 
With my sweaty < PROPFEMALE > waiting on food ! 
I need something to do today ! 
Hangin round with Burnes today . 
I just shut my niece in the dog crate after she crawled in there . Now she's crying and i cant stop laughing . Lol 
Guess im a selfish prick . 
We're gonna do what lovers do . We're gonna have a fight or two . But I ain't ever changing my mind . Crazy girl , don't you know that I love you ? I wouldn't dream of going nowhere . Silly woman come here let me hold you . Have I told you lately I love you like crazy , girl ? 
Due to all the controversey of my last song I posted and to alot of peoples disappointment in me I will be deleting it shortly . So get one last view before I do 
Today is not a good day already . 
I've never changed , never will . I'm so afraid of the way I feel . 
Taking a random ride to Wal-Mart in this weather . 
God is great , the beer is good , and people are crazy . 
Aviation in the navy ? Im thinkin maybe . 
Why am I so sleepy ?? 
Game canceled so im stressin tonight . Piss . 
my niece keeps calling me papa ! lol 
My mom cooked me blueberry pancakes .... Is the world ending or something ? 
How many of you ugly girlz wanna give me a full bodt massage tonight ? ;) 
No matter how hard you try , your best is never good enough ... 
Im just drunk enough to let go of my pain , to hell with my pride , let it fall like rain from my eyes . Tonight I wanna cry . 
How do i get stuck babysitting ? 
Today has already started off bad . 
I said it too many times , and I still stand firm . You get what you put in , and people get what they deserve . 
White trash 
I'm a musician not a damn role model . 
She's my kinda rain . 
Piss , < PROPFIRST > has to stop by for a surprise visit .... :p 
what the hell did i do last night ? that's the story of my life . Like trying to remember the lyrics to a song nobody wrote . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is gay . 
< PROPMALE > Farack Obama !! 
Worried , paranoid and pacing around the house . 
Cling to the father and his and his holy name and dont go ridin on that long black train . 
Last night .... I told the devil where to go . You know heavens got my soul . Ain't gonna listen to his lies nomore . Because last night I told the devil where to go . 
Ahh BALLS !!!! 
I dont know why you gotta be angry all the time . 
I love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Person . 
Job job job . You need a job ! 
Early rise in the morning . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
At least there's not a line to wait on here yet . :/ 
ahh crap this is bad news ..... 
Ahh damn I got the shakies ! idc who knows now !!! This sucks . 
ok I'm good . :) Happy Anniversary < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I'm humming on that lonesome song again .... 
It makes me wonder .... 
It's a southbound train , it's a whistle in the wind , there's no one there to sing to in the end , I'm humming on that lonesome song again . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , Im sorry I got us kicked out the bowling alley last night . 
< PROPFEMALE > Love Hewitt is the hottest woman ever . Oh god she's nice . I want her ! 
I live to love you . 
another good sweaty < PROPFEMALE > sunday . 
2 a.m. Exhausted but I can't sleep . This is getting old . piss ..... 
I've won time and time again . Now I can finally say , I've lost this time . I've really lost . 
Why ? Why ? Why ? 
Everybody come sing along , To this sad ukelele song . Haha Burnes Yarborough 
It's nice to know that some people turned into dope heads while I was away and were willing to spread their legs just so a guy would give them marijuana ...... 
Here ya go people , like for a truth is ! 
I just looked at the warped tour lineup !! OMG I'm so excited that noone good AT ALL !! is playing there . Once again I'm not missing a thing !! Warped tour is for retards -_- 
Ahh screw it . 
I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
My mom and dad are slow dude . 
I love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Person ! 
DILLIGAF ???? 
We all gonna die , but I'm not gonna fry\ 
Even though most never try\ 
I'm not gonna let this pass me bye , no 
So just because Ive kissed the prettiest girls and I drive my car too fast . Why does everybody want to kick my ass ? 
He can't even run his own life I'll be damned if he runs mine . 
( . Y . ) <------ = :) 
You pipe smokin , sack chasin hoe ! 
I'm still in a bad mood today . So don't bother me people . 
Just a horrible dream people . Forgive me . 
I have no respect for someone who has no respecr for themselves . 
I got my \heres your sign award\ " from burnes today . :/ " 
Only me and Burnes laugh at a guy riding a moped in a downpour . :D 
It's been a hard days night . 
Haha dont pick on puddin . 
I love you so much < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I don't know why I act the way I do , Like I ain't got a single thing to lose , sometimes I'm my own worst enemy . I guess that's just the cowboy in me . I gotta life that most would love to have . But sometimes I still wake up fighting mad . And where this road I'm headed down might lead . I guess that's just the cowboy in me . 
Don't you dare tell me that my southern ways are wrong . Cuz I'll be damned if I'm gonna change . Outlaw attitude . Strong will . And blessed by the grace of god . 
Best day of hangin round with just me and dock . feeling alright . Life is good . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
You never changed . Never will . 
Sides have been chosen . Civil war has busted open . Once again , Im not you friend . I'm The one who makes this end . 
This is not some cry for help , It's good-bye wish you well . Because I love you ..... I'm gonna kill myself . 
Im hummin on that lonesome song again . 
You get what you put in and people get what they deserve . 
Tell her I'm in Baton Rouge Louisiana selling cars 5 days a week , Tell her I'm in Mobile Alabama , getting back on my feet , tell her that I'm happy and I've moved on looking better than you've ever seen , just don't tell her that you saw me drowning in this bottle trying to make her disappear , Tell her I'm anywhere , anywhere but here .... 
I'm bored sitting at the house with nothing to do and no one to talk to . Pretty lonesome . :( 
ok people . I've never posted a cover song . So ya'll give me a song to cover and i will post the video as soon as possible . I'll pick the best choice . So Go AHEAD ! 
Someday somehow I'm gonna make it alright but not right now . I know you're wondering when . 
Been up for 36 hours ..... time to get some sleep . 
Today , I'm doing me . 
Whatever . 
Lets see how long . 
Yes people , Marijuana will make you go crazy and make you rape your family members . 
Go to your profile . Look to the left . First 7 friends are your zombie apocalypse team . \ 
\ 
Sidekick : < PROPFIRST > Person\ 
Heavy Weapons : Zach Strickland\ 
The Idiot that Survives : < PROPFIRST > Flowers\ 
The Sniper : PeeJay RawDogg Truesdale\ 
The One that Loses it : Burnes Yarborough\ 
The Brains : < PROPFEMALE > Krantz\ 
First to Die : < PROPFIRST > Womack 
I need to visit my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
On the 7th day God gave man the Remington bolt action rifle to fight the dinosaurs and the homosexuals . 
All ya'll are stressin . Every day is summer vacation to me . :) 
Well thank you ! I just try to develop my own style . I'll keep you updated on new music . 
Good luck and Godspeed to Burnes Yarborough . I know I should be a senior with you this year but I had to go \graduate\ " a little early . But I'll still live the senior life with you this year < PROPMALE >!" 
I love < PROPFEMALE > , Burnes , and God ! 
Computer Trouble ?? Problems ? Malware ? Spyware ? Registry Errors ? Just call Darry Mouzon . Or get in contact with me and I will put you through to him . Great rates and great service ! 
He’s not stupid ; he’s possessed by a retarded ghost . 
And I want to rip his heart out just for hurting you and I want to break his mind down . Yes I do . 
AHHH PISS !!!! 
You no good pipe smokin , sack chasin , worn out , raggedy , beat up , smurf faced whore !! 
You are the kind of person who , when one first meets you , one doesn’t like you . But when one gets to know you better , one hates you . 
Unruly horses ... 
Degrassi should be banned simply because it promotes interacial dating . 
Also , Degrassi promotes drug abuse . Someone argue on that .... 
So who else has Jungle Fever ? 
You know what I hate ? Pro-life arguments and the people who try to support them !! 
The more I hear about the North , The more I wonder how we lost the war .... 
Putting up flyers for Corner Computer Service ! 
To hell with all you people who poke your noses where they don't belong . You're only hurting yourself by pissing me off . 
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent . 
Anyone who told you to be yourself couldn’t have given you worse advice . 
The Internet : where men are men , women are men , and children are FBI agents . 
As wicked as you are you're beautiful to me . 
Later in the evening as you like awake in bed , with the echoes of the amplifiers riniging in your head , Smoke the days last cigarette remembering what she said . 
I do what I do , I pray when I can , It's just a simple man I am ya'll . I'm an Outllaw . 
What have I become ? My sweetest friend . Everyone I know goes away in the end . And you could have it all . My empire of dirt . I well let you down . I will make you hurt . If I could start again , a million < PROPMALE > away . I would keep myself . I would find a way . 
Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with ole ' < PROPFIRST > today ? He is pretty bored . 
MCL to my boy < PROPFIRST > ! 
There is a song waiting to be heard inside of us all . 
Chugga chugga chug chugga chugga chug chug chug chug ! This is how i describe rhythms for metal music . :) 
When I see you in the sun , you're as pretty as a swastika . 
If you wanna get down , down on the ground ... cocaine . 
Country . 
Come see me play live at Brewtime in Coward this Saturday !! Ask me for more details . 
Well ya'll I'm about to go strangle myself in my sheets . 
2001 was by far the best year of music . EVER ! 
Playing Long Branch tonight with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Filyaw . Come see us . 
Who's coming out to see me and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Filyaw at Long Branch tonight ? And lets not forget Ole ' < PROPMALE > Owens Cricket doinghis thing tonight too . 
Where is my pizza dominoes ? I ordered an hour ago !! 
Going to take a nice long nap . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
I feel sick to my stomach ... 
Sittin in the car ... I hate people . 
You dont screw me over but once .. I promise . After that , youre on my bad side . And thats a pretty bad place to be sir . Forgive me Lord but I'm not takin bullshit 
Sometimes its best to pay attention to those warning signs before you take your chances . Some lessons are learned the hard way . 
I hope lil < PROPMALE > dies in a carbomb ..... 
I need something to do . 
writing my first piano song . yay me . 
I'm ready for < PROPFEMALE > to get home . 
My mother in law fixes me coffee . She's such a sweet lady . :) 
I feel like passing out . 
I would love for my lovely girlfriend to eat steak and watch the ballgame with me tonight but she has to watch Disney movies all day . Im depressed . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Person you were so good to me today . I love you . 
Damn ... I'm legal . 
Thanks everyone for the six pages of Happy Birthday's that I got ! It's been an okay day . Once again . thanks 
No more probation ! Im a free man as of 10 < PROPFEMALE > ago ! Hell yea ! 
< PROPFIRST > Hopkins is stressing today !!! hahaha 
Lord take me back to when the country was strong , Nobody locked the doors when they felt safe at home , and every Sunday morning the preacher taught us right from wrong . When a make works hard to keep his family fed , nobody touched the plate till the blessing was said and school never started till morning scriptures were read , and the kids were still safe when they went outside to play , oh lord take me back to yesterday . 
Lord take me back to when the country was strong , Nobody locked the doors when they felt safe at home , and every Sunday morning the preacher taught us right from wrong . When a man works hard to keep his family fed , nobody touched the plate till the blessing was said and school never started till morning scriptures were read , and the kids were still safe when they went outside to play , oh lord take me back to yesterday . 
Old man take a look at my life . I'm a lot like you . 
I realize that some people aren't fortunate enough to enjoy a few hours of peace and quiet each day . 
I live this life everyday , I make my share of mistakes and every lesson I've learned I've learned the hard way . I do the best that I can , and I hope you understand , afterall , I'm just a man . 
How can you ever get tired of shootin the bull in an ole ' cow town ? 
Listening to lumberjack music . 
I would love to see my baby , maybe go for a drive , but I gotta play the < PROPFEMALE > in some little town again tonight . 
I have developed a new fear : Alcohol . 
Im pretty sure if I shoot , Im going to fall out of this stand .... 
What I've felt , What I've known , So sick and tired I stand alone . Could you be there ? Cuz I'm the one who waits for you , or are you unforgiven too ? 
To most of my ex-girlfriends : Whores !!! hahahahahahahahahaha 
Who wants to ride with me to < PROPFEMALE > today ?? 
Did ya hear they freed the niggas !?!? 
Clean shave and I can finally see with my contacts . :) 
Why don't they teach sex < PROPMALE > and driver < PROPMALE > at Clemson in the same day ? 
How come We don't even talk nomore , when you don't even call nomore , we don't barely keep in touch at all . And I dont even feel the same love when we hug nomore and I heard it through the grapevine we even beefin now after all the years we been down aint no way no how . This bullshit can't be true . We're family . Ain't a damn thing changed , unless its you . 
Can't sleep ! just like every other night ! 
Well I'm off to go attempt to strangle myself in my sheets . Later people . 
Something aint right .... 
Been a while since i sat on this road . 
I get the suspicions . Even though I know that you love me baby and I really shouldnt feel this way . 
< PROPFIRST > Hopkins finally quit being a douche bag . :p 
Looks like Im staying at home with my family this weekend . 
Beat Vandy ! 
enjoyed watching USC beat Vandy even though it was ugly . lol . But I had a a good night with my family and my woman . Just read 4 chapters in my book and headed to bed . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
I wanna kill something today . Maybe Dock < PROPFIRST > can help me out on that . haha 
I'm bored . people send me < PROPFIRST > . I send out replies . Got it ? I have a feeling I'm going to hurt some feelings tonight . 
62 : You and your sister are my buddies . Ya'll make me feel good cuz I actually entertain yall with my stupid jokes . lol 
691 : It's been forever since I think I've even saw you . But I do remember harassing you in Mr. Sweats class . lol 
2 : I miss my < PROPMALE > sometimes . I'm also really glad that your first impression of me didnt stick . Cuz we both know that was horrible . I do miss seeingou and playing fusbol with you , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . lol 
246 : Where have you been ? Runnin round getting engaged and stuff ? haha . I miss laughing at the stupid things you say and watching you pass out after giving blood . lol 
1234 : You are one of the only females I know that dips . Which automatically makes you cool !!! 
I just wasted a galloin of gas . 
Don't worry mama , I'm gonna be a simple man till I die . 
Next person to piss me off is gonna get a Hot < PROPFIRST > to the face . 
I am in stress mode !!! 
I miss my darlin ' ..... 
3 a.m. Police at my door . Already gotta smack some more . Stuck my hand out through the mail shoot , and bitch slapped Sarge and his first recruit . 
< PROPFIRST > Simmons will always be cool . But never as cool as he thinks he is . 
You can bribe the devil , you can pray to God , you can sell off everything you've got but you still wont know what Im lookin for . 
Everyone pray that I dont miss another deer tonight . Haha 
Squirrels gone wild !!! 
I've got to run to keep from hiding , and I'm bound to keep on riding . I've got one more silver dollar . But I'm not gonna let them catch me no , I'm not gonna let them catch the midnight rider . 
I woke up this morning with this feeling inside me that i cant explain . Like the weight that I carried has been carried away . Feels like today . 
You'll find out who is your friend whenever he finally starts getting laid and then turns into a real asshole . 
NEWS FLASH : To majority of you girls who say you are gonna be super models ; Sorry girl , it ain't gonna happen . Just being honest . 
Getting up at 5 to kill a big one . ;) 
Like my status if you think < PROPMALE > Price is a retard !!! 
Beat Kensuckey !!! 
What a blowout !!! Go < PROPFEMALE > ! Coming back home to see my woman . 
I don't care ... 
I hate the word \cuddle\ " its sounds homo . " 
When I said we , You know I meant me . And when I said sweet I meant dirty . 
I take things for granite sometimes , I can be rude when I am angry , I can get my ass on my shoulders and prefer to be left lone for days . But in the end , I always love you . 
This feels like a vacation . I like it . 
That was a long game boys ! Way to go Cardinals ! Won the National League championship now time to move on into the World series and win it too ! 
What has the world come to ? Some women need to be shot for degrading themselves like some do . There are just certain things that are just nasty and should be forbidden by law . 
But it's not so bad , You're only the best I ever had . 
Headed to Olanta ... 
I feel like crap .... 
I live this life everyday , I make my share of mistakes and every lesson I've learned I've learned the hard way . I do the best that I can and I hope you understand . After all , I'm just a man . 
Gone huntin . 
So just to let everybody know .... I whipped < PROPFIRST > Hopkins ass today and he's a bloody wreck in the emergency room . 
Forgive us for our tresspasses as we forgive those who tresspass against us . 
I got < PROPMALE > fever ! 
I don't want Missouri in the SEC .... :/ 
Money is for nothing and the chicks for free !! 
Flashbacks .... Im about to flip . 
Piss . Im . Pissed . Pissssssss . 
Where in the hell is the nutcracker ? 
I'm not a junkie , and if you can't believe in me , then that's more power to me . 
Who knows what a FUPA is ? 
This town has closed down way to early and there's nothing to do . 
Sorry < PROPFIRST > Feagin Singleton for keepin you up all night . :) 
Lets go Cardinals ! Lets take this World Series ! 
New York bound . Go Cardinals ! Sorry Im missing the game . Love you < PROPFEMALE > . Be back soon darlin . 
Way to go St. < PROPFIRST > ! Now I just need < PROPFEMALE > to win the SEC east . 
just made it to New York . This is one helluva ride son . 
The gps just took us up a dang mountain ... 
6:00 and still 100 < PROPMALE > from home ... 
