Well , I guess that people will be hitting the gym on their new year resolution ... The first two days anyways . 

I took a political compass test . Seems my answer ( 2 Conservative , 3 Authoritarian ) was the same as Obama's ... Great . 
My mom just gave me a ten-year old piece of caramel . Should i eat it ? 
New season of RvB is out ... My life has meaning once again . 
after the nine billionth time blowing my nose today , i realized i might be a little sick . 
Mr. Pearson , I answered \Sex Buddy\ " for question #9 . Is that ok ? " 
Is pissed at Earth Day . And < PROPMALE > Gore . And the United Nations . And Radical Left-Wingers . And ... you get it 
Just finished X-Men Wolvarine or whatever the hell it was called . I thought it was a nice twist when he figured out Sabertooth was his brother , but I stopped paying attention after that . 
Watching South Park with my mom 
So , last Thursday was Pro Life day , and today is Prom . Am I the only one who sees a connection here ? 
Is a soulless vortex , dragging in people to share in his bad luck . Aint that fun ? 
So , i just got more girls hitting on me at the mother-son dance than i usually get in a whole year ... ' S a bit awkward having girls three-four times my age tell me i fit my clothes well . 
Is Back 
goin fishin tomorrow . 
Alright , this sucks . I've tried to avoid this ever since seventh grade . The year I first figured out how cruel it would be to do something like this to someone . I'm about to cry , I really am . For A.P. Gov't , this year , I have to read a book ... by a liberal . 
One and a half down , four to go . 
Well , goodbye children , I won't not miss any of you over the summer 
hates packrats 
English final : Aced\ 
Math final : Double aced with a 10% bonus\ 
History final : Aced minus\ 
Church History : B+ with a low ( C ) essay\ 
\ 
Anyone care to top that ? 
Grest , now one of my friends turned himself into a girl ... 
Going to Leavenworth to a family reunion ... 
Two reasons you should not get a tattoo . \ 
1 . A tattoo is permanent\ 
2 . You are a damn idiot 
Gone 
Back 
Changed my profile picture ... happy ? 
There are over 400 stars in this galaxy . Maybe more , it's hard to tell for sure . Some even say the Universe is even bigger than the Indian Ocean . 
Just can't get over the horrible fact that that speaker lady was a cheerleader . 
What happened to the pike @ Cabelllas ? 
Oh yes , I belong in fourth grade . 
... 
Why does my cursor have spanish translations for every word on here ? Btw , batan is spanish for fuller ... 
But you know , I think I really learned something today ... 
is not ready for school . 
Making a boy band , skills not required . 
Can't get this damn second person out of my essay . 
Finished ! 
I'll have ... tree fiddy 
\If I had a jock for a son 
meh 
C.S. today ... some girl told me that I have cooties now . 
R.I.P. victims of 9/11 and it's wars , True Moslems and Christians . Taliban and < PROPMALE>' Quida , please burn by Shaitan . 
I'd be furious right now , but I really don't care . 
FIRST ! 
100 ! 
I have been one blue coin away from beating Super < PROPFIRST > Sunshine for five years ... And nobody cares 
man ... i can't wait for Halloween ... or Christmas Vacation 
You Will Believe 
Just got Underworld\ 
Waiting for Halloween 
and ... bored again 
Cartman singing Poker Face ... 
Back from playing the game of \Put up rafters and don't fall to your death \"..." 
You're tearing a hole in my soul . oh wait ... 
I like me 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
3 weeks until Halloween ! 
Got GOLD on a song I was working on for two years !!! 
Do you know what I am saying ? 
This post is completely Jersey free . 
15 days ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s the devil , I invented electricity ! 
Take care you put us in an exit row , you landlubber ! 
What's hoarding , mkay ? 
But if you lose the devil gets your soul ... 
Mum's the word 
Happy Halloween ! Happy Birthday mom . 
Alright , i'm going to Colorado to meet some friends of mine . 
Wait , What ? 
I'm super cereal ! Manbearpig is real ! 
DEER HUNT !!! 
Who managed to mess up baking packaged cookies ? This guy ! 
From whence you came , you shall remain , \ 
Until you are complete again . 
It's sad when you consider yourself your own primary antagonist ... or something . 
By the prickling of my thumbs , \ 
Something wicked this way comes . \ 
Oh , hi mom 
Watching LotR : Return ... The ten billion hour extended version . 
No Shave November is over . Can't say i'll miss my prepubescent stubble though ... 
Crikey ! 
This new profile is giving me vertigo ... 
Absolutely nothing . 
No Facebook add , I am NOT feeling naughty 
Is happy about pretty much everything ... For some reason . 
You're ignorent ! 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Nielson . I can only hope that someday I can be even one one billionth a bit as funny as you ... 
When the rain's falling in your face , \ 
And the whole world is on your case , \ 
I would offer you a warm embrace , \ 
To make you feel my love . 
Essay FINISHED ! Yarr 
Look , I know that whatever I'm thinking of doing is a bad idea . But I'm gunna do it anyways . Why ? Because I said so . 
We shouldn't have magi sing for us at mass .. That's just scary . 
On the second day of christmas , my true love gave to me two shattered skulls , and a Drunk who drove into a tree ! 
Scrubs seasons 1&2 marathon . Why do I punish myself with 16 hours of any show ? 
< comment about having a good Christmas > ... It's the thought that counts . 
I HATE YOU WIKIPEDIA !!! 
First Facebook update on me new laptop ! 
So ... Anyone want to ichat ? 
So how's that coma goin for ya ? 
You know who else was born on the 12th ? < PROPMALE > , that one computer dude from that one movie I never saw . 
Thank you everyone who said Happy Birthday to me , in here or in real life . Those of you who didn't won't have to answer to me , You will have to answer to Jesus though . ( That'd be Nurse < PROPFIRST>'s words , not mine ) 
Well , I just wasted five minutes of my life . 
Is now with the combined power of mint and berries . 
Please , never leave me again . I want to always be with you . You inspire me to go great distances . I beg you , please never leave me again , I LOVE YOU . Don't leave me , Internet . 
My mind is full of darkness and sadness . Must be school tomorrow . 
It's a trap ! 
Has received The Gift of the Magi(s ) 
They said it couldn't be done . Luckily , I have a secret weapon . My stress ball . 
I made a snow dedication to my hero today ... And another to myself and everyone else affected with an OWFT-related issue . Pics in tomorrow . 
Guess who just got texting ? This guy . 
Zumba Instructor : \Allow me to explain to you the numerous benefits of flailing your arms about\ " \ 
If you want to talk about religion , for or against ... I don't want to hear it anymore 
Why do you hate me ? 
Making a Statue so that I can get enough money to buy my Brit Lit class donuts ... 
When you're alone , you get shot down and nobody cares . When you're in a team , others fall with you . \ 
~ Winston Leringsford the IVth 
I would like to edify tranquilly that we , the Gonzaga Prep Community , have been graced with the greatest endowment our institution has to extend . SNOW DAY EVERYONE !!! 
I think somethings wrong . I keep electrocuting myself , and it's really getting annoying ... 
If I hear another thing about that ... monster , I will go insane . 
Seriously , Don't try to ruin my cred . It's not funny . 
If silence is < PROPFEMALE > , I'll be < PROPMALE > by Easter . 
Feel free to ask me any question you'd like . Just don't trust my answers 100% 
Which South Park Character Are You ? -- My Result : < PROPMALE > McCormick . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/288856/referrals/status?aid=100000907302283 
Freakin Hybrids , they just don't do the trick anymore . 
Thats it , I've lost my faith in humanity . 
Well , that does it . I can't unsee what I just saw . No more surfing youtube for me . 
Make this your status to show that you won't chain post ! 
I'm looking at my top bar on Safari . I see UrbanDictionary , Facebook , Apple , and so on . At the end , I see \News(666)\ " . \ 
