So- I invited the Paynes to New Year's night at my house through FB instant message to < PROPFIRST > Payne and he declined . Imagine my surprise when they call the next day to invite us over ! I'd instant messaged < PROPFIRST > Myatt ! Man ! Sorry for the mix-up < PROPMALE > ! For the record , had you accepted- I would have been so excited to learn my mistake when ya'll showed up at our house :) 

is feeling extremely relaxed . < PROPFEMALE > is the best massage therapist ever ! 
Has officially transformed our guest room into an actual guest room- yay < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > coming ! 
Vacation tomorrow ! So excited ! 
And so commences the long standing Sills tradition of stalling on packing until the wee hours of the day before a trip . 
Ah home sweet home after a fabulous vacation with my wonderful hubby . Life doesn't get better than this ! 
I love a good morning swim ! Gets the day going right . 
is loving her brown roof and shutters ! It's like a completely different house ! 
Definitely one of the best 4ths ever for me . 
Off to Yearbook camp . . . AGAIN ! This time just me and < PROPFEMALE > - no kids to worry about- should be awesome :) 
Camp is fun- but I miss my staff !!! 
hmmm . . . so good to be home . 
taught daddy how to swim freestyle correctly . . . now he's lapping me twice as fast . . . should have left him to his pinwheel'n ways ! 
Good to see < PROPFIRST > today ! ( In real life- not just on facebook :) 
Doing dishes with 3 teenage girls is an interesting way to spend the evening ! 
There were 4 moons . I thought that was odd , but my parents didn't . They also didn't think it was all that imperative to get out of the water when I saw a shark either . But they did . To humor me . I hate nap dreams . 
Yay- I love edjumacation ! Great first day- minus all the insurance blah blah of course . 
Yay school :) And sleep- need more sleep . . . 
ok- well- my alarm didn't go off this morning . . . but other than that- first day was good . Balancing 3 preps and yearbook is going to be interesting . 
Yearbook consumes my brain . 
< PROPMALE > escaped this morning . Stupid hamster . I am eternally grateful for a husband who loves me enough to hunt hamsters in his spare time ! 
Yay cruise ! 
Yay Cruise ! 
My hubby is wonderful . 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars : classic . < PROPFEMALE > Wars Concert : classicaller 
Ah yearbook newbies and the 1st soft deadline . . . 
So- is it still a sign of love and adoration to get rolled ? . . . 
They said things would be different now that < PROPMALE>'s a pastor . I didn't believe them . My yard has proven them right :) 
Um . . . my phone is officially awol . I noticed it missing this weekend- but there's no telling how long it's been gone . So , < PROPFEMALE > Rinehart , I'm sorry I've missed the call I'm sure I've missed by now . I love you- and thanks for being my friend even though I'm so anti-social I don't even notice my phone is missing for days :) 
Yeah ! New Year's with the Irby's tomorrow ! At my house no less ! Who am I and what have I done with me ?! 
school time again . . . boo . Yearbook deadline today- yay ! I love my editor . Why else would I be here an hour early ! It's the least I can do considering she doesn't have to be here at all today ! 
Yay Avitar :) < PROPFIRST > Payne you are so right . 
I love youversion.com! 
Why can’t work itself be like weekends — autonomous , self-directed pursuits that lead toward mastery and are animated by connection and purpose ? - < PROPFIRST > Pink 
snow days are great for organizing sock drawers . 
GOD ANSWERS PRAYERS ! 
Yay painted wall :) I feel so successful :) No more reminder of leaky chimney cap ! 
such sadness 
Will the world please stop spinning so I can tell < PROPFEMALE > Rinehart my stories ! I just want to talk to < PROPFEMALE > - is that too much to ask in a weekend ! 
Let the record show : I am packed well before midnight . I don't know what to do with myself . 
Home , and . . . . Yearbook time ! Everybody pray my amazing staff gets everything done tomorrow ! 
Finally ! The Yearbook is DONE ! YAY ! 
Yay for sunlight in the morning ! 
My yearbook staff is awesome :) Good day guys , good day . 
I love when students run into me at walmart and seem suprized I exist outside of school :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Garden with cousin < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Wooley , good . Wonderful conversation , good . White chocolate rasberry cheesecake , soooooooo good . 
Thoroughly enjoyed the CCS play today :) Yay drama ! I was extremely impressed with the stage in the middle of the atrium- very cool . 
The mulch is DONE thanks to my wonderful hubby giving me a jump start . Now my yard is all perdy :) 
Great weekend ! Yearbook dinner in Atlanta with good company Friday , Ren Fest yesterday , family dinner last night- and now great worship at CBC ! 
Yearbooks are here ! And they look GREAT ! 
I'm so thankfull for such a wonderful hubby :) 
I came home to a wonderful surprise- I now have a stairless backporch ! I love my hubby ! 
So today my wonderful hubby got out of bed at 7 in the morning on his day off !!! 1 ! to bring my car in from the rain before I left for work . He's so amazing . 
I love Ender , but Bean is my favorite . 
Thank you guys for all the Happy Birthdays :) Kudos to facebook for allowing an introvert like me to be so blessed by so many friends , church friends , work friends , students , family , high school buddies . . . who knew I even knew this many people ! I feel so special :) 
So I'm wearing my beautiful fucia shirt from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Payne and enjoying my beautiful orange/pink day lillies from < PROPFEMALE > Sills Irby- I think my sisters are trying to tell me I need more color in my life :) They may be right ! 
I love my yearbook staff . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Payne is a magician ! My back feels sooooo much better ! YAY ! 
Looking forward to my hubby speak'n this morning . Join me at cbconline.tv at 9:30 and 11 ! 
Can't wait for our spontanious sis night at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Payne's place tonight ! 
Yay for wonderful vacation ! And for being unpacked within an hour of being home ! 
Yay for Phantom of the Opera ! I love special nights with my amazing hubby ! :) 
Ah , lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Washburn - my cheeks hurt from smiling too long ! Love those kinds of lunches :) 
I love wal-mart runs with my best friend < PROPFEMALE > Rinehart - even when wal-mart is a bust ! :) 
It's not even tomorrow yet and I'm already thankful for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > t Cooper ! 
Looking forward to this school year ! We'll see if I still feel that way after tomorrow :) 
Wow ! I am such an introvert . Have'ta re-adjust to talking to kids all day . But I love my students- so I'll get over it :) 
So I get home last night and my hubby wisks me off to dinner- during which he tells me about his busy , busy day . As I'm listening to all the computer craziness he deals with- and not understanding most of it- I'm wondering- When in the world did this man have time to pick up groceries AND clean the kitchen ?!!! 1 ! I'm so spoiled :) 
Good day today :) I love my students . Thank you God for letting me be involved in the lives of young people ! 
Yay for baby shower pool parties :) 
Introduced my nephew and daddy to the mentos in the coke trick yesterday- very fun :) 
Yay for girls weekends ! So much fun ! Boo for work tomorrow ! I will survive- it was worth it ! 
Survived Senior Picture Day Yesterday ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for all your wonderfulness ! 
Yay ! I think I might have actually out-funned my hubby yesterday thanks to a great afternoon with < PROPFIRST > Barricklow ! Spontaniously spakling my kitchen was fun too :) 
My kitchen is now a nice new shade of brown and I am satisfied . . . and tired . I wouldn't have gotten sleep at all without my hubby's help- I'm so thankful ! 
My new favorite book- < PROPFEMALE > Eyre ! 
Changing the color of my toes for this wedding- to red in honor of < PROPFIRST > :) 
come join us this morning at www.cbconline.tv ! < PROPMALE>'s speak'n! 
Yeah , so ... a pipe just broke underground and started gushing water & dirt into our basement ! Fun stuff ... fun stuff . I am SO thankful < PROPMALE > was home , heard it & got the water shut off quickly ! 
I would get up and do something , but my < PROPFEMALE > is so comfy laying on my chest- I really can't bring myself to disturb him ... even though he's practically choking me ! 
Hunting CCS alumni is fun :) I love to hear from past students ! 
He's here ! 8.9 20in Phoenix Brigham Irby ! Mommy had a wonderful delivery and Maverick is dancing around :) 
Yup ... I'm a swim coach :) 
lost my keys Monday afternoon . Have been serching and serching . Found them this morning in my classroom ... on a desk .... 2 feet from my desk .... 
This is the second night in a row that Loki has dragged my blanket off the chaise , down the stairs , and into the basement ... Busy little < PROPFEMALE > . 
CCS Swim Team did a great job at their first meet today ! Love my swimmers ! 
So thankful for a Ticket to Ride , easy food , and Wonderful Parents- love you mom and dad ! Thankful for you today and always ! 
Our car is rebelling against us ! The key won't go in the ignition and we're stuck at the QT ! Fun times , fun times .... 
2 1/2 hour peticure with momma is so relaxing ! What a nice break in this crazy season ! 
Yearbook is trying to kill me and my fantastic staff- but we will prevail ! 
My couch pillows are finally sewn shut ! I have the best bestest friend in the whole world ! What took me 4 years to hem and haw about took her 1/2 a Bing Crosby Christmas movie to hem ! What a wonderful night ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me ! 
Piragi day with Daddy was awesome . Countless meatrolls and 7 games of Ticket to Ride is my kind of Christmas :) < PROPFIRST > Sills 
Looking forward to having our 1st young adults group here shortly :) 
