doesn't understand why people/the news are making such a big deal out of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s death ..... 

man ... starting a business is harder than it looks .... 
working at charleston's premier restaurant !!!! WOO HOO :) 
So close to reaching that famous happy end . Almost believing this one's not pretend , and you're beside me and look how far we've come . So far we are so close . 
wiped out ... time for sleep .... maybe ... hopefu .... zzzZZZZ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > RUBLE !!!! I haven't heard from you in ages !!! Are you still alive my love ? 
sleep then work tomorrow ... night 
he is buying the ring .... 
He is buying the ring ! 
please understand ... dylan and I are NOT engaged ... talked about it but decided to wait . 
man ... there are times where I wish I was still in < PROPFEMALE > I mean i LOVE snow and Charleston is the furthest thing from snow you could actually get ... it is freezing but all we get is wind lightning and rain ... this sucks 
My computer is busted ... thank you < PROPMALE > for saving the day !! Countdown to VA 10 days ... Countdown to Cali 13 days ... super psyched ! 
wow ..... last night was crazy . 
back in VA if anyone wants to chill ... * cough cough * john .... let me know 
Cali+ desert+ rain = OMG the dog is floating away ! 
Hold fast to dreams for if dreams die life is a brokened winged bird that can not fly .... why do I feel this quote makes sense for my life right now ?? 
Volunteering at MWR .... who knew desk work could be so much fun ?? 
ugh I don't understand spouses preferance .... just because you are married to someone in the military doesn't mean you should get a job you are not qualified to do .... this sucks ... i think the system is wrong . 
it mentally preparing to sit in line for the biggest loser auditions .... this should be fun ! 
alrighty the moment of truth .... about to head to LA for the biggest loser audition .... not gonna lie kinda nervous .... 
How is it possible to want something so much and when you finally get what you wanted it seems wrong ? Can the heart ache without understanding the true depth of pain that it feels ? Didi I make a mistake ? 
Its official going to be in Utah this weekend am going to love seeing EVERYONE !!! 
leaving for Utah at like 2 in the morning tomorrow ... what an experience this will be ... 
in Utah and having a blast didn't know I missed this place so much ! 
why can't people just understand that their action affect the people around them ! GAH soooo frustrating ...... 
feels like she is going through her parents divorce all over again ... 
just got home from Utah ... good to be my own bed again . 
Nothing like old school Cheap Trick to make a girl feel better ! 
Feeling very thankful to a certain person for all of their help ... you know who you are !! 
is feeling a little down in the dumps today and would love to be cheered up !!! 
About to head to work to catch up on all the time I lost yesterday ! Hopefully today will be better ... 
Off to get chipolte then headed out to base ... only 2 more days till I am officially back in VA . 
Leave for VA tomorrow at 4:55 pm ! 
Had a really great time tonight ... in fact prolly a better night then I have had in a very long time ... no if I could just get to sleep it would be perfect ! 
About to call < PROPFEMALE > at 6:00 in the morning so that I can google directions to her house in < PROPFEMALE > Monica .... then off to VA ! 
In VA through Tuesday to help mom make a wedding cake ! 
more than half way through day one and already slightly behind on all the wedding cake madness !!! 
ugh i always think that cakes don't take alot out of me but then i realized .... i am waaaaaay to nit picky over small details and i litterally stress over them ... sooo tired :/ 
cake done ... now i can relax 
I\ 
find that lately i have been very confused about some of the things that I have been feeling ... and I am not sure how to deal with them ... 
off to get on a plane bound for LAX ... goodbye VA it has been nice . 
im exhausted and ready for some quality one on one time with < PROPFEMALE > 
I really wish I would get an answer from Allstate and State Farm regarding who was at fault for the accident in which my car was totaled .... ugh this sucks . 
off to sacramento .... and oroville(SP ? ) i think for the long weekend 
is an airhead ... i can never seem to remember my phone charger when I go on a trip ... 
Is hoping beyond hope that the great deal I just got for a 2006 Nissaqn < PROPFEMALE > is not a scam ... deperately needs positive reinforcement . 
house sitting for the general through thursday if you need me I have my phone ! 
See now I know it is me ... I wish people would learn how to peel back the layers and realize that underneath it all is a very smart , funny , relaxed , confident , beautiful person who would do anything to be seen for what she is inside ... yes I am heavier set , but that is not all I am ... please realize that . 
R.I.P. Electric Etric\ 
You were loved and repected by all who knew you . Your untimely death will leave a whole in all of our hearts . I already miss you more than you will ever know ! \ 
<3 < PROPFEMALE > 
is sooo tired and not looking forward to today at all .... guess I should face the day anyway ! 
who knew yoga could be so invigorating .... i think i have just figured out a way that I like to work out that doesnt make me want curl up and die ! 
So I faced the music ... and I am feeling a little hurt ... but I will survive :] 
Hoping all of the soldiers and there families will have a safe and fun block leave , and return to FT . < PROPMALE > in one piece ! 
At the generals house today and tomorrow ... will have my cell if you need me ! 
Fed up and sick of the bull crap .... 
HEY GUYS !! I need a HUGE favor !! I need you all to go to battleofthebuilds.com click on cast vote and vote for my friend < PROPFIRST>'s design ... it is title M.S.C. !! He really needs your help so PLEASE VOTE !!! 
Almost home after being in utah for 4 days ... and so emotionally exhausted I can't see straight . 
One week and three days untill the big 4th of July bash at Fort < PROPMALE > ! Kinda looking forward to it ! 
UGH .... my eyes are soooo sore ! Where is my shoulder to cry on when i need it ... feeling very alone sucks , but it will get better . 
I thought if I could touch this place or feel it , this brokenness inside me might start healing . Out here its like im someone else I thought that maybe i could find my self ..... if I could just come in I swear I'll leave won't take nothing but a memory from the house that , built me . 
it would be nice if people let me know or explain my side of the story before the decide to hate me .... 
what an exhaustiong day think Im gonna hit the hay early tonight .... 
Lost the one thing I cared about and am trying to figure out how to get it back ... 
Going to Iraq/Afgahnistan tomorrow .... ok so not the real ones but the NTC ones .... 
is not really sure how to put this ..... you smell gooooood ...... its times like these where i am thankful i have a nose . 
cant fall asleep .... damn cupcakes 
I got a feelin'\ 
my head's a reelin'\ 
my heart's a screamin'\ 
im about to bust loose ! Bottled up emotion ... its more than a notion ! \ 
it starts with an \I\ " \ 
im about to bust loose ! Bottled up emotion ... its more than a notion ! \ 
is finally 21 ..... tonight is gonna be a blast ! 
off work let the party begin ! 
alright you caught me .... it was the mexican flag that did me in .... i cant hold my booze .... but i did provide comic relief therefore i must be good for something :D 
Had the best time in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > this weekend ..... i really hope the feelings i had there are shared .... :) 
P.S. this is < PROPFIRST > , and I still love you 
people need to check their anger at the door .... if i didn't do a damn thing wrong don't you dare aim that anger at me . 
likes to play the friend who doubles as a theripist .... feels like her life has meaning when this happens . 
finally home at 2250 now time to sleep so i can wake up at 0345 to catch the bus into work at 0430 so i can make it to work by 0600 .... good to know i am finally getting used to military time . 
she wears short skirts , i wear t-shirts , she's cheer captain , and im on the bleachers .... Dreaming bout the day when you wake up and find that what you're looking for has been here the whole time . If you couls see that im the one who understands you , been here all along so why can't you see you belong with me . 
i confused as to why she is not good enough .... 
went and saw eat pray love and not gonna lie hit really close to home .... cried the whole way home . 
Have you ever hated yourself for staring at the phone ? Your whole life waiting on the ring to prove you're not alone ?..... have you ever felt this way ? 
smile though your heart is aching ...... smile even though its breaking . 
is finding that letting go is a lot harder then she thought ..... they should make letting go for dummies or some other kind of self help book for this sorta thing . 
so i drove a virtual tractor today .... definately hoping that if i ever get to drive a real one i will do better then i did in the virtual world ! 
I aint settling for anything less than everything :) 
not looking forward to working 10pm to 6am for the next three nights ... need to find something that will keep me awake that long .... 
only 2:10 am and i still have four hours to go ..... ugh hate the over night shift :( 
Smetimes I think this world would be better if I was dreaming .... maybe things would go my way more .... lol . Inception was a great movie think I have to see it again tho . 
\Yet some still take for granted\ 
having one tough day ... really just need someone to be there . 
would like to be noticed .... that would be the sweetest thing you ever did for me .... 
Wow , so I am not coordinated at all .... before you all say duh and start pointing and laughing I need to add ... with a fork . Whether it was the one wine cooler I had with dinner , or just a lack of hand/eye/mouth coordination i somehow managed to miss my mouth entirely and get one whole beef ravioli down my shirt . Feeling .... confused ?? 
Super sad that I had to miss my friend < PROPFEMALE>'s Wedding .... I so wanted to be there . GOOD LUCK GIRL ! ( I know you won't need it ;P ) 
well ... im not sure how i feel about blind dates ... don't really know if they are for me . 
tired ... 
so i am not saying i believe in UFOs or that aliens are going to invade our planet and steal our natural resources .... but this is the second night that I have seen something in the sky i cannot explain . 
I <3 ruby .... thanks for helping me out ! 
i like it on the bed 
missing back east ... weird but I think i really like having all four seasons .... here it either feels like late spring or summer . Welcome to the desert . 
Getting ready for work text me if ya need me ! 
I hate to break it to you baby ... but im not drowning . 
heart broken 
is sooo ready to get her turkey day grub on !! 
very proud of myself ..... 
is thinking it is time for a nap .... as soon as intervention is over .... 
just watcher fear and loathing in las vegas for the first time ever .... definately confused .... 
is super stoked .... i didnt think it was possible 
Decided to put this status up to make < PROPFIRST > freak out ... I'm just sayin 
so i leave to go visit my Grandpa and low and behold when i get home i have to drive through ... not over but through 3 lakes before i can get into my house . Another big difference there is now a river o ' death running through the middle of the desert ... i dont think i can handle all the water .... 
its christmas .... wow that year flew by .... 
SNOW !!! 
ugh staight off b shift ..... and feel like i will be blamed for other people's mess ups . 
just heard that the girlies from A shift found lots of mistakes from my shift .... life is going to be \great\ " when i show up from work today .... i hope that I can stay on my A game and help the trainee at the same time :/ " 
ugh got back \home\ " last night around midnight .... guess i had too much fun with the girlies cause I couldn't get to sleep till 3:30 am and had the terrible misfortune of waking up at 5:45 am and now here it is almost 8am .... and i can't sleep ........ go figure ..... " 
I keep seeing all of my friends post status updated about papers they have to write for school ..... it kinda makes me miss the whole college and writing papers thing .... 
Needs to go to vegas and have some fun ... how much longer until kristinas hubby gets back from wlc ? 
ugh .... long day .... can't wait till wednesday so i can get away !! 
might be the next contestant on the singing < PROPFEMALE > ,,, just spent the afternoon talking to their executives .... fingers crossed everyone ! 
in the words of my amazing friend < PROPFEMALE > \ I want a hum3 truck with a built in hot tub .... you know so I can have my ' me ' time on the side of fort < PROPMALE > road ... \"" 
feeling like crap .... i think i am getting sick but nothing i can do about it now . Straight off a \double\ " and back to work at 2 . " 
Feeling sore .... won't sleep till after two tomorrow .... 
Ready to see the steelers whoop some butt this Sunday ! 
okit is official < PROPFEMALE > has rubbed off onme and i am addicted to call of duty black ops .... and the world is good :) 
needs to take her frustrations out on call of duty black ops .... 
letting go is hard ... but letting me move on is the best gift i have ever gotten from you . 
im waiting for a friend ... to drive me to the middle of the desert ... what hookers can\t bury themselves ! " 
trying to come up with something witty on the spot is hard .... why the heck does < PROPFEMALE > make it look so easy ? 
its grand when you see a homeless guy on the street with a sign that reads .... bet you can't hit me with a quarter .... best get < PROPMALE > quick scheme EVER .... 
me : what do you want for dinner ? \ 
alyssa : well anything that is fattening , tasty , and bad for me I will prolly like 
to cupcake , \ 
the fact that you cover yourself with icing says a lot about your self esteem . \ 
sincerely , \ 
muffin 
so the other day i put my phone on airplane mode and threw it in the air ..... fricken worst transformer ever ! 
so how would < PROPFEMALE > put this ... i have butterflies in myeyes ... some how i don't think it sounds quite right ... :) 
awwww .... well that was sweet .... but my first thought is still gaaaay :D 
dont over do it on the tic tacs now ... they are like 2 calories a peice ... what did i tell you !! now you have to burn 6 whole calories ! 
still sick .... extremely tired ..... and ready for a nap . 
so it is a little late but i am going fo0r it anyway ... yesterday as < PROPFEMALE > smith was pulling clothes out of the washer she turns and says why aren't these clothes dry yet ..... heres your sign . 
fresh off night audit time to crash cause work again at 5 tomorrow ! If you need me the cell is on :) 
okso I did just update but there is one other thing that has been on my mind .... In life there is always a workable solution to a problem ... best way to find out the solution .... ask :) 
I think < PROPFEMALE > said it best .... if congress wants to say it is within first ammendment rights to protest at a military funeral then come protest on my lawn and see if your first ammendment rights out weigh my 2nd ammendment rights .... 
