going to san < PROPMALE > tomorrow 

filling out my paperwork to be one of the few and the proud 
Feeling like a fatty so working out sounds pretty good right now . 
Whatever whatever I do what I want !! 
What's good for dinner tonight ? 
Got done at the angels game .. Blowout !!! Morales with two dongs 
MEPS tomorrow after work 
its so damn hot !!!! milk was a bad choice . 
i have a situation right now im trying to walk off 
BRICK WHERE DID YOU GET A HAND GRENADE . I DONT KNOW 
u poop in the refrigerator and ate the whole wheel of cheese ? how'd you do that that's actul .. I'm not even mad that's amazing ! 
hey < PROPMALE > you know what's always good for shoulder pain ? what ? if you licked my butt hole . SNAP ! 
I will smash your face into a car windshield and take your mother < PROPFEMALE > mantooth out for a nice seafood dinner and NEVER call her again !!! 
doesn't understand why everyone is jumping on the world cup bandwagon mens soccer is the worst sport ever !!!! 
how does the world cup draw almost a billion viewers the spelling be draws 4 million and hockey which is way better than both draws 3.5 million .... I have lost faith in people 
going to see the a team 
soccer is such a great sport !!!!! for girls and kids 
working early sucks but I love getting off early 
can someone please explain why soccer is so popular even tho its terrible 
Hopefully getting a job at fritts ford will know more monday ! 
Blink 182 was right work sucks , I know 
Your heart stopped .... You you were dead for a second ... Your heart .. you don't have a heat 
Won 40 bucks ay pechanga hell ya better than losing 
Is looking for a job anyone know of a good place ? 
IT'S SO FLUFFY !!! 
In laughlin just lost in the tournament K high flush to the A high flush with only 3 on the board ... How does that happen ? 
Does anyone want a puppy I have 2 boys and 1 girl they are a rhodesian ridgeback and husky mix they are 8 weeks old and don't have any shots yet they are free to a good home if you want a pic let me know ! 
Still have 2 puppies availablle ridgeback huskies great dogs with great personalities 
Just in case anyone forgot ..... IT's FRDAY ! 
Free puppies husky ridgeback gonna be big and friendly dogs ! 
At work having a great time .... Sitting here watchhing nothing ... 
Playin some softball tonight te first time in like a year ... Hope I don't suck too bad 
Touchdown ND 
Thank god usc doesn't teach their players to catch a pass behind them haha 
Int and that's the game !!!!!! sorry < PROPMALE > ur streak still stands 
Great time at the elephant bar with a martini and a new york steak sandwich ... So good 
And amazing company ! 
At elephant bar with great company eating steak sandwiches and long isand iced teas 
Do something worth remembering . 
What is something great you would attempt if you knew you could not fail ? 
Discipline is choosing between what you want now and what you want most . 
We found bowser and chubbs at the riverside shelter !!!!! 
Don't ever ose your dogs and have the pound pick them up .... 674.00 I thought we paid taxes for this kinda stuff 
Anything exciting going on ? 
Thank you everyone for the brithday wishes ! 
Hey < PROPMALE > , you know what's good for shoulder pain ? 
I don't know what it is about your face . But I just want to deliever one of these right to your suck hole 
Hey < PROPFIRST > kennedys bro < PROPFIRST > kennedy .... Is a real ahole so happy his team lost 
If you do that I'm warning you right now . if you touch my drumset . I wil stab you in the neck with a knife ! 
The man punted baxter .... < PROPMALE > what ? What did the bad man man do ?.... I hit him with a burrito and took him AND HE KICKED HIM !!! 
Trying to get my class B license today gotta take the driving part in san berdoo ... I'm more worried about getting ca jacked than ailing tho haha 
Like this status if you love your job ... And if you don't love your job then join the 6 billion people who didn't like my status 
I need a job that doesn't require me to get up at 4 in the moning ..... 
I don't see why everyone hates < PROPFIRST > sheen that guy doesn't even have a show and he's still the most entertaining person on television ... WINNING !!!! 
Yay I'm headed to work ... Fees like I just left there .... Probably because I did 
Work work work .... I wish I liked my job .... 
Out with < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Date night is always fun . 
Tomorrow is my only day off and I get an hour less what's that about ? 
I hate waking up this early all the time whoever invented 430 in the morning is a real jerk 
The human torch was denied a bank < PROPFEMALE > . 
So this should be an awesome day . Got a whopping 3 and 1/2 hours sleep ran late to work and the while getting out of my car cracked the screen to my phone . Now I get to put in a good 11 hours at work then go umpire tonight for at least 4 hours and do it all over again tomorrow .... BEST DAY EVER !!!!! Sometimes all you can do is laugh about it . 
This place sucks ,, there are some very unhappy people here now . I don't like the direction this is going . Probably a billboard that it's time for a change . 
I love waking up on payday and seeing all the overtime and long hours I worked in the last 2 weeks don't even equal what I used to make in a week .... lets hear it for the recession !!!! Woo hoo 
