Watching The Family Man and eating pizza in my snuggie ... the new year is off to a good start ! 

Sending out prayers for all the Candler people going to < PROPFEMALE > today , especially < PROPFIRST > Lambert Hutchison . Don't get appendicitis !! 
is about to go on a baking spree with < PROPFEMALE > Murtha . Brownies , cookies , cinnamon rolls ... let me know if you want to sample the fruits of our labor ! 
I had a dream that I was going horseback riding with some friends . When we got all saddled up I realized that while everyone else got a horse , I got a cow instead . What does this mean ? 
The concert last night was amazing - < PROPFEMALE > Lambert , Montgomery Gentry , Sugarland and < PROPMALE > Chesney ! A great way to spend my last Saturday night before heading off to the monastery tomorrow . 
I need to pick a restaurant in Des Moines for dinner tonight ... any suggestions ? 
Ok so I'm breaking my \no facebook\ " rule but < PROPFEMALE > got engaged and I am SO FLIPPING HAPPY FOR HER AND < PROPMALE >!!!" 
is enjoying life to the fullest right now ... I am ridiculously , deliriously happy ! 
is back from the monastic life ! Living it up in Iowa until Wednesday :) 
Admission to the Iowa State Fair : $7 . Corn Dog and Ice Cream : $10 . Tickets to the Big and < PROPMALE > Concert : $35 . An amazing day spent with my family in my wonderful home state : Priceless . 
is in love !!! ( With my new computer ) . 
is officially back in the ATL !! 
I want to be a Harlem Globetrotter and get paid in < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm going out with my boots on ! 
I look before I leap , I love margins and discipline , I make lists in my sleep baby .... what's my sin ? 
This time tomorrow I will be taking the GRE ... wish me luck ! 
just watched Jenn's video and I miss all of my monastery girls !! 
is officially an Oblate for the class of 2011 at HWM !! 
feels honored to have been the subject of the first official intervention , HIMYM style . 
is celebrating the last night of summer by watching < PROPMALE > and Company with the roommates ! 
is back at it . 
is watching college football . Yeah , you read that right . And I'm at home alone , no one is making me do this . :) 
has been called for jury duty for the second time in two years . 
is watching the Mizzou game and writing a sermon . 
is preaching this morning ! 
is wild at heart ! 
The existence of A Very Potter Musical has made my life complete . 
has to write a two < PROPFEMALE > paper on how she feels about aging . Yeah man , that 23rd birthday coming up is really making me feel old :) 
My parents just informed me that I share a birthday with Guiness beer . Good to know I guess ! 
is finally uploading pictures from my amazing summer ! 
just took two and a half hours of dance class and is gearing up for an hour and a half more . Then its off to Noche for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ! 
is annoyed that the satellite tv has cut out because of the rain and is hoping the problem resolves itself before Glee starts at 9 !! 
Is it monsoon season in Atlanta ? 
is playing Beatles Rockband at < PROPFIRST>'s!! 
has ambitious plans to be productive today . 
needs to find her rain boots . 
GLEEEEEEEEE !!!! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! We are going out tonight to celebrate , please join !! 
now has balanced chakras . 
The Greek Festival is this weekend ... who wants to go with me ? 
is going to play trivia at Neighbor's and Pozole . And yes , I'm taking my knitting with me . Mock me if you wish :) 
New explanation for the trinity : < PROPFEMALE > Pie . 
What one word in the English has a homonym that is its antonym ? 
Birthday photos are up ! Tag yourselves ! 
I may or may not have a new song obsession ... 
Ok I've looked at next semester's schedule and I want to take 19 hours ... is that so crazy ? :) 
Going to the Braves game ! 
Midterms hit me out of nowhere .... and the Psych GRE is on Saturday at 8 am . Let's hope I survive this week ! 
I need to figure out a Halloween costume ... any suggestions ? 
How can an ant < PROPFEMALE > twenty times its body weight and root beer floats are still delicious ? 
My afternoon class was cancelled , woot ! 
This diet coke is curing a number of ills . 
Dr. Long decided to drop in on my preaching class .... and I'm preaching today !! Ahhh !!! 
Studying for the Psych GRE that's at 8:00 tomorrow morning ... wish me luck ! 
is jealous of the snow in Iowa !! 
is sooo happy about the banging coming from the basement at 8 am . Best alarm clock ever . Going to the library now . 
In order to procrastinate on all the studying I have to do I made a ridiculously delicious carrot cake ... now I need someone to help me eat it . Any takers ? 
is looking forward to tonight : making a delicious pasta dish and garlic cheese bread , having a glass of wine , and watching TV . Yay for relaxation after midterms . 
went the ballet today and it was beautiful ! Now in for a night of studying . 
has a halloween costume ! 
At a time like this , I can't help but ask ... what would < PROPFIRST > Buffet do ? 
ordered a pizza ... just because I felt like it . 
Canada , my Canada , you are a lifetime of wonder on this planet earth . 
is making banana bread ! 
That banana bread needs to get eaten ... whoever comments first from one of my classes tomorrow will claim it for that class ! 
I got requests from all over the midwest but no one from Candler wants to have banana bread tomorrow ... 
I got a feeling .... that tonight's gonna be a good night ! 
I get a thousand hugs , from ten thousand lightning bugs ... 
wants to carve a pumpkin .... who's with me ? 
Homemade pound cake and a reading of Oh the Places You'll Go by Dr. Suess . Class doesn't get any better than this ! 
Second class of the day with pound cake ... :) 
Loving my Hawkeyes right now !! 
Jesus is a Hawkeye fan ... I just saw him in the stands ! 
Completely happy and content with life right now ! Made some awesome french onion soup and looking forward to the weekend :) 
Dear Candler , Why is it 85 degrees in every classroom today ? Please turn the heat off . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
I don't want to write my sermon so you know that means ... baking time ! I'm thinking lemon bars :) 
is going to forage for food because < PROPMALE > only has bachelor food in his house . 
Watching football with < PROPMALE > ( sad my Hawks lost ... ) and then going to the improv show tonight ! 
is back in Atlanta . 
Who wants to color with me tonight ? 
is soooo booooooored . 5:30 cannot come fast enough . 
is feeling really homesick for Iowa right now ... after a long conversation with < PROPFIRST > Clemens about the joys of snow . 
can't seem to shake whatever illness showed up three weeks ago ... I wish it would go away now ! I want to be healthy ! 
suddenly has a strong < PROPFEMALE > to make a gingerbread house . 
had a horrifically realistic dream last night about man-eating plants taking over our house , and then the world . 
Hey remember that time someone brought red < PROPFEMALE > cheesecake to class ? Yeah , that was today . YUM . 
I wish we were still taking a field trip to the < PROPMALE > center for ethics ... I've never been there . 
is now in the mood to watch Christmas movies- Elf , How the Grinch Stole Christmas , The Muppet Christmas < PROPFIRST > , Love Actually , Miracle on 34th Street , It's a Wonderful Life , White Christmas ... anyone care to join me ? 
Packing up part of the house today and waiting for HIMYM tonight . By the way , has anyone seen my Season 3 of Grey's Anatomy ? I can't seem to find it or remember who I lent it to .... 
My home church voted to become a reconciling congregation ... woohoo !! 
My home church voted to become a reconciling congregation ... woohoo ! 
is having a good day ! It's gorgeous outside , we had breakfast at the Flying Biscuit , made a visit to the < PROPMALE > Center , and now we are loading up the trailer with stuff to go home ! 
Excellent episode of Glee ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !! 
is grateful for a wonderful thanksgiving meal with Candler friends . Thanks < PROPMALE > Burel !! 
I'm blasting the Christmas tunes while I clean the house , finish my PhD application and start homework for next week . Not exactly exciting things to do , but Christmas music makes it all seem more fun ! 
I really really want to go see The Blindside tonight ... anybody want to go with me ? 
Going to hear < PROPFIRST > preach and then I suppose I should get started on the mountains of homework I have due this week ... 
You can't stop an avalanche as it races down the hill , you can try to stop the seasons girl , but you know you never will , and you can try to stop my dancing feet but I just cannot stand still ! 
In order to procrastinate on a final project due tomorrow I just took a nap . While sleeping , I had a dream that I owned a basset hound named < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFIRST > was a talking dog . Also , someone was stealing my tomatoes . 
Rain in December is just depressing . It should be snowing !!! 
Where have all the good men gone and where are all the gods ? Where's the street-wise Hercules to fight the rising odds ? Isn't there a white knight upon a fiery steed ? Late at night I toss and I turn and I dream of what I need ... 
I long to travel to Greece ... and go skydiving ... and other miscellaneous adventures of life . 
just made cookies with < PROPFIRST > Doss and < PROPFIRST > Hutchison . Now < PROPFIRST > Lambert will eat them all . 
I want to be home home right now ... 15 hours away from family is no place to be this time of year . 
is bummed to be missing out on the blizzard in Iowa right now ! 
Umm ... a show on TLC called \Invasion of the Christmas Lights\ " ? Heck yes please !! " 
You're about to board the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Express ... destination : HORROR . 
is just not feeling it today . 
could really use a snuggie right now . Also , some motivation to write my last two papers . 
Only a masochist could ever love such a narcissist . ~ < PROPFIRST > Waldorf 
Ok , it's time to finally crack down on these last two papers . I can do it ! 
Just wrote six pages in three hours ... that means halfway done with Ethics and time for a break ! 
Done with Ethics , turned it in , now moving on to the last paper of the semester ! 
Somehow I feel like it would easier to write this paper if it was snowing outside . 
Calling it a day on this paper and finishing tomorrow . 
My mom is going into surgery in the morning ... prayers please ! 
will be preaching at her home church on December 27th ! 
Oooh this episode of House Hunters is in Iowa ... sweet ! 
Today is sushi lunch with < PROPFEMALE > VanEss then a Simpsons Marathon with < PROPFIRST > Doss and < PROPFIRST > Hutchison . It's going to be a good day ! 
I also get to < PROPFEMALE > with Thunder P . Hutchison today !! 
is finally back in Des Moines !! 
is far too young to be driving a minivan . 
is in her happy place ( aka Des Moines when it's snowing) !! 
is wearing a snuggie . And I'm officially hooked on FlashFoward . Good day ! 
just remembered how awesome the movie Love Actually is . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > to all ! 
And now < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
is preaching at Walnut Hills tomorrow ... starting to get nervous !! 
I wish I could get \The Twelve Days of Christmas\ " song out of my head ... but at least my sermon is written for tomorrow ! " 
I smiled so much yesterday that my cheeks still hurt .... life is good ! :) 
If there are two things < PROPFEMALE > needs right now it's sunshine and optimism . Also angels . 
is in \crazy love\ " with the latest < PROPFIRST > Buble album ! " 
NYE party at < PROPFEMALE > Murtha's house ! I'm excited to ring in 2010 !!! 
I saw Black Swan today and I loved it ! 
I'm trying one of these blog things as a part of my New Year's resolution .... check it out if you want to ! http://illbedancingthroughlife.blogspot.com 
It may be -6 degrees outside but a hot fudge mocha in my new favorite coffee shop makes it all better . 
I'm listening to < PROPFIRST > Buble on my ipod while working in a coffee shop . Having a really really hard time not singing out loud and getting up and dancing around . But somehow I feel like that would be frowned upon . Sigh ... if only life were a musical ! 
YES IOWA !! Love my home state and my < PROPFEMALE > mater so much !!!!!!!!!! 
Nothing better than a dance party to start off the morning ! 
I'm at the farm , it's snowing , and we have two kinds of chili for dinner . Life is fabulous ! 
We are now officially snowed in at the farm ... and I got to feed my old pal < PROPMALE > this morning ( baby cow that I met in May ... not much of a baby anymore at 450 lbs ! ) I'm loving this weather , the location , and being with family and friends . 
Ok just kidding ... dad's boss can't live without him so into the treacherous road conditions we must venture . 
Black ! 
Excited for tonight - Spaghetti Works and the Lion < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > Murtha ! 
is making chicken noodle soup with homemade noodles ! 
will be in New York City this weekend !! 
is heading to New York City to see Jenn < PROPFIRST > !! 
Spending the afternoon checking out the options at TKTS , walking across the Brooklyn Bridge and generally just exploring the city ! 
Hey remember that time I loved my life ? Oh yeah , that's right now !! 
is watching Inglourious Basterds with < PROPFEMALE > McDermott , < PROPFEMALE > Purcell , and Jenn < PROPFIRST > !! 
heading back to Atlanta ... 
I'm excited to go see Avatar tonight at the IMAX theater ! 
is craving sushi like whoa ! 
is out with the girls ! Dinner at Surin then who knows what adventures might befall us this evening ... 
is attacking some reading today . Also hopefully finishing that pesky little CPE application . 
is going out with the boyz ! 
is enjoying a rainy day spent curled up in blankets reading and drinking tea . 
I'm trying to write a \reasonably full account of my life\ " for my CPE application . How long should this be ? I have three pages and feel like it's done . But is that enough ? Thoughts from others who have successfully done this ?? " 
I just got the ceremony script for the wedding I am officiating next week . The wedding is in less than a week and I am starting to get really nervous/excited ! Any advice from friends who have done this before ? 
is excited for dinner at Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s tonight to celebrate the birthday of one Miss < PROPFEMALE > Hale !! 
can't wait to fly to < PROPMALE > this afternoon to see < PROPFEMALE > Dowd and < PROPFEMALE > Hoxeng !!! 
is going to see some family I haven't seen in nine years !! I'm so excited ! 
tonight is the rehearsal dinner . I'm starting to get really nervous ! 
I can't decide who to vote for in the superbowl . I was born in Indiana so part of me wants to vote for the Colts . But my usual method is picking whichever team has the cuter quarterback , and this year , that's the Saints . What's a girl to do ? 
has ambitious plans to be productive today so I can enjoy dinner at Noche tonight ! 
I had a dream last night that I was in a sword fight with < PROPMALE > Linus . And I was losing ... 
There are some tough stories in 2 < PROPFIRST > ... 
Who wants to come play in the snow with meee ??? 
Loving life !!! 
I think senioritis just officially kicked in : 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper due tomorrow , 0 < PROPFEMALE > s written , -10 on motivation . 
Nothing like some good music to get me going the morning after a terrible night of sleep . 
Nothing brightens a morning like free pancakes cooked by your professors ! And wearing mardi gras colors ! 
It's time to get LOST with Nate Puckett !! 
I've been attacked by senioritis again .... 
has a hot date with the TV and some knitting needles tonight . 
is super duper happy today ! 
I'm loving the sunshine and the fact that I get to go see some great dance tonight with an awesome date ! 
thinks you're some kind of wonderful ! 
Perhaps I should stop looking at recipes while I am in class , I make myself soooooo hungry ! 
I just had my CPE Interview over the phone and I'm about 99.8% positive that it went really well . 
I'm pretty sure I have an addiction ... to cooking blogs . It may or may not be getting out of hand . 
I came over to < PROPFEMALE > Weaver's to get my camera back and now we are are baking . Fun times ! 
is enjoying a homemade dinner with < PROPFIRST > and then going to see a magician at the Seven Stages Theatre in Little Five Points . I call that a good Saturday night ! 
is going with < PROPFEMALE > Thornton to see < PROPFIRST > Lambert Hutchison's youth perform Narnia ! 
I just got rear-ended by some jerk in downtown Atlanta who then drove off . < PROPFEMALE > and I are both ok though . 
I'm excited for dinner with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Simpson tonight . It has been far too long since I last saw her ! 
Dear < PROPMALE > , you are an idiot . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
I may or may not be loving the weather that is occurring outside right now . 
got some really good news today ! And the sun is shining ! Happy thoughts all around ! 
I would like to thank < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for the sugary caffeine goodness that is now keeping me awake in class ! 
is excited for Spring Break ! Three days at the beach with < PROPFIRST > Bale , < PROPFEMALE > Hale and < PROPMALE > Robinson . Then the < PROPFIRST > Cullum concert with < PROPFIRST > E . Driskill , going to see Spring Awakening at the Fox , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Simpson's housewarming party and hopefully a few dates with < PROPFIRST > ! Whew ... it's going to be a busy but super fun week . 
I should really stop watching HGTV because House Hunters , Property Virgins and My First Place all reinforce in me my < PROPFEMALE > to buy my first house ! 
After lunch at Everybody's I decided I felt like going to the park . So I talked < PROPFEMALE > Malloy , < PROPFIRST > Lambert Hutchison , < PROPFIRST > Doss and < PROPFEMALE > Nowakowski into going with me ! 
On the way to the gym this afternoon I stopped and bough Girl Scout cookies . Counterproductive ? Probably . Delicious ? Definitely . 
is at the beach !! I have no cell service here so if I don't answer your calls/texts over the next few days that is why . 
is back in Atlanta ! Going to see < PROPFIRST > Cullum on Friday and Spring Awakening on Saturday ! 
< PROPFIRST > Cullum was amazing !!! 
Hey friends , can anyone take me to the airport this Thursday around 3:00 ? I'll love you forever ! 
is alarmed by the number of people sneezing and coughing in class today . If you are sick , please stay home ! I don't need to catch what you have ! 
Ok seriously friends , is ANYONE free tomorrow around 2:30 or 3 ??? I really need a ride to the airport or even just to a < PROPFEMALE > station . I would really appreciate it !! 
could use a diet coke like whoa . 
is looking forward to a relaxing weekend at the Monastery . Not looking forward to the plane ride it will take to get there . Flying freaks me out . 
is in a happy and peaceful place known as Holy Wisdom Monastery . 
The new monastery building at Holy Wisdom has officially been designated as the GREENEST building in the country ! 
is finally home ! Many thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Conley for picking me up from the airport at such a ridiculous hour . Love you ! 
Hey kids ! It's free cone day at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s! Go get you one ! 
Sometimes all it takes is a little common sense ... let's use our brains now people ! 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood ! 
Can I just graduate already ?? I don't wanna write anymore papers ! 
Dilemma : Go to bed now and get up early to write my paper ? Or stay up late to write it and sleep in tomorrow ? What say you facebook world ? 
In all my academic career I have yet to stay up past 2 am working on a paper , and tonight will be no exception . I knocked out most of it , will brush it up in the morning , and then I am done ! ( With that one ... there are still plenty more before graduation .... ) 
is just chillin ' like ice cream fillin ' ... 
Dear Iowa State , I would really like to know if I made it into your PhD program or not . Can you just TELL ME ALREADY ?? Thanks . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
I reiterate my plea ... if you are sick please do not come to class ! Please stay home and take care of yourself ! 
I want to be a criminal profiler for the FBI . Watching countless episodes of Criminal Minds certainly qualifies me , yes ? 
Ohh man that pizza commercial just messed with my head ... rude . 
is hitting the gym , running errands , cleaning the kitchen , and ( hopefully ) writing a paper before heading to < PROPFEMALE > Corum's tonight to address wedding invitations ! 
Mmmm ... nothing better than the smell of freshly cut grass in spring time ! 
I'm no angel , that I never claimed , but I thought I was nobody's fool ... 
I think in deference to the fact that today is a holy day I'm going to skip my last class . ( That totally works right ? ) 
is revisiting the < PROPFEMALE > to be a party planner/wedding coordinator ! 
is on a mission to find a red dress today . 
I love , love , love < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Food Revolution ! 
is celebrating our risen Lord at Hand in Hand ! 
My most difficult decision of the day : which swimsuit to wear to the pool ? 
I got excited when the mail came , but still no word from Iowa State . Seriously , when will the torture end ?!? 
I'm giving myself two hours to write this paper and then I'm done . Ready , set , go ! 
It's Wear-A-Dress-Tuesday ! Mine makes me feel like dancing . 
just sneezed six times in a row . Helloooo allergy season ! 
Ok Seriously , Criminal Minds makes me fear for humanity but I CAN'T STOP WATCHING IT . 
Uhh ... did anyone else know that Candler Prom is Survivor/Island themed this year ? That so does not go with the dress I just bought last week . 
Alright , gym , pool , Dentist , cookout ! It's going to be a good day ! 
so far seems to be the only one going without shoes today .... don't leave me stranded people !! 
I'm going to try my darndest to actually pay attention in this class today . I promise ... 
is overloading on reruns of NCIS and Criminal Minds . 
spent a relaxing day at the pool and is now ready for Movie and Wine night with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
... and now the boys came over . It's going to be an interesting night ...! 
Have I mentioned how much I love , love , love < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ?!? 
Thai food for dinner and tickets to the ballet = a great Saturday night ! 
is excited for the MUST reunion this afternoon ! 
A mere six assignments stand between me and graduation .... BRING IT ON ! 
is excited for the two country concerts I have lined up for the summer to go to with my Daddy !! 
Please Mister Postman , look and see , If there's a letter in your bag for me . It has been so long ... since I've heard from that GRAD SCHOOL , of mine ... So many days you passed me by , See the tears standin ' in my eyes , you didn't stop to make me feel better , by leaving me a card or a letter ! 
is reading Revelation . 
Candler is dedicating a day of silence today , to < PROPFEMALE > the silence of the LGBT community . Raising awareness and ending the silence about injustice is the first step to transformation . I am participating and will not be speaking until we break our silence at 5:30 . Please pray for those who are challenged by this silence on a daily basis . 
just fell in love with the elliptical machine ! 
I used to be able to stay up till all hours of the night . Now I go to bed early and wake up at 8 am . What has happened to me ? 
I should probably be freaking out about final papers/projects and those looming due dates but I'm not . I have a feeling it will all get done . 
After several unsuccessful attempts to find a lunch companion I am now venturing out alone . 
did not get accepted to Iowa State . Boo . 
I super love Jenn < PROPFIRST > !! Thanks for the voicemail dear , I'm not ready to call you back but that totally made my day !! 
I'm pretty sure Hairspray is one of the best movies ever made . Just sayin ' .... 
Of course I can't sleep the night before I have three presentations to do in one day . 
is excited for some free BBQ today ! 
I just realized I have exactly three weeks left in Atlanta . Whoa . 
Things I want to do in Atlanta before I leave : catch a Braves game , go to the Renaissance Festival , Stone Mountain , the Botanical Gardens , and the Zoo . I'd also like to go shooting and to a drive-in movie . Anyone care to join me ?? 
It's my last day of class . EVER . 
Hey Atlanta area people ... does anyone want a futon ? I don't feel like hauling it back to Iowa . Let me know ! 
is excited for the prom !! It will be a great night with good friends and a hot date :) 
I want a pet dragon ! 
needs to be locked in the library until at least Wednesday . Three papers to go ! 
It's go time . 
I just knocked out 15 pages in about 7 hours . Now it's time for a break with < PROPFIRST > Clemens . 
Blarg . I need to knock out a 7 < PROPFEMALE > paper by 4 pm . I can do it right ? 
Aaaaaaaaaaaand scene . 
is hoping that cleaning will help restore some of her sanity . 
I will no longer be carrying photo ID . You know why ? People should know who I am . 
I just cried at the end of an episode of Criminal Minds . That's how I know it's time for bed . 
is watching the end of the Hawks game with < PROPFIRST > . 
My fortune cookie tonight : Romance moves you in a new directoin . 
I had a dream last night that someone took me to see The Nutcracker , but they only performed the first act . And I was pissed . 
Ok , it's time to write my last ever paper in Seminary . I just need to pull 12-15 pages out of my ... uh ... head . Yeah , my head . That's where this paper is going to come from . 
Every time a couple gets married , two single people die . 
It would be nice if I could spend one day of my life not sneezing . It's kind of a goal of mine . Not sure it has ever happened . 
11 pages + 2 lines = 12 pages . Which also means that I am DONE !! 
is heading to celebrate the end of an < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I hope the rain holds off for the Braves game today ! 
Is practically sitting on the field at the braves game thanks to my awesome boyfriend ! 
had an amazing weekend and is now enjoying a chill night . 
Rules for watching Mulan : You can talk when they are talking , but you have to sing when they are singing ! Having a chill evening with < PROPFIRST > Lambert Hutchison , < PROPFIRST > E . Driskill , < PROPFEMALE > Hale , and Thunder P . Hutchison . 
Time to start cleaning stuff out and packing ... 
Decision : Should I recycle all the papers from the last few years that I don't want to keep ? Or should I save them in hopes that someone has a bonfire before graduation ? :) 
I need more boxes ... do you want to give me any ? Also , do you want to help me pack ? I HATE doing it . I'll give you pizza and beer I promise . 
Going to sit poolside with < PROPFEMALE > VanEss . That counts as packing , right ? 
Heading to Neighbor's for the Senior Get Together . Come one , come all ! 
is spending the day at the pool with the girls and then the evening with < PROPFIRST > ! 
is packing , packing , packing , packing , packing .... 
Giddy on up , Giddy on out ! 
Heyy WADT girls ... < PROPFEMALE > Weaver , < PROPFEMALE > Corum , and < PROPFEMALE > B . Miller ... cabana dresses are on sale at Old Navy for only $15 this week ... should we take a field trip ?? 
The stupid people that gave me my graduation stuff gave me the wrong tassel ... how do I fix it ? 
Today = Renaissance Festival , Sheer Exhilaration by the Atlanta Ballet , dinner at Ippolito's and seeing Iron Man 2 at the IMAX Theatre . I'd say that's a pretty good Saturday ! 
Happy Mother's Day to < PROPFEMALE > Palmer-Johnson !! ( This counts as a card , right ? ) 
I graduate with my Master of Divinity today !! 
There is nothing I despise more than packing and moving . Grrr . 
When you move out of your place , take a last look at the empty space , think , no one will live here like I did , no one will love you like I did , and I'll never live here again .... 
I'm starting a list of fun books I want to read over the summer ... any suggestions ?? 
Who says you can't go home ? 
is excited to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > Dowd tonight ! 
is still working on settling in at home . I'm so glad the word \home\ " means \ " Iowa\ " now . " 
is attempting to make homemade hummus for the first time . 
is getting estimates on the damage to my car . Boo . 
made some pico de gallo and oh . my . goodness . it is delicious ! 
Yessssss .... Neil < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on Glee , my life is complete . 
is sitting on the front porch swing with a glass of ice water and a good book . 
is going to see < PROPFEMALE > Lambert in concert tonight !! 
I'm headed to the monastery for the weekend ! 
It's the end of an < PROPFEMALE > ! The final episode of Lost ! 
I don't believe in a lot of things , but I do believe in duct tape . 
Ok Lost . There are soooooooooooooo many questions left unanswered . Not really sure how I feel about the ending . 
is off to Jury Duty for the day . Yippee . 
relaxing evenings spent reading on the porch swing are one reason I moved back to Iowa . 
is spending the day gardening and painting . 
just got a strong craving for a Root Beer float . 
is starting to strongly regret the idea of repainting and redecorating my room ... 
is finally done painting my room ! Now time to plant the garden ... 
I want to go to Zoo Brew at Blank Park Zoo sometime this summer ... who's with me ? 
Trader < PROPFIRST>'s is coming to Des Moines !!! Heck yes !!!! 
forgot how bad licking the back of an envelope tastes . Yech . 
is making pico de gallo !! 
Sometimes it gets hard to explain what exactly a Master's of Divinity is ... so instead , I just tell people I have a degree in Jesus . 
is really really nervous about starting work tomorrow !! 
Ok Real World , ready or not , here I come !! 
By the time I leave tomorrow , I will have been at the hospital for 33 hours . Awesome . 
Drinking coke out of a pepsi cup makes me feel like a heretic . 
ZOO BREW was AWESOME . 
Pretty sure I'm not cut out for 7:30 AM every morning . 
When I see someone else tear up , I automatically tear up . This doesn't bode well for the summer . 
I'm glad my car is capable of driving underwater , otherwise I wouldn't have made it to work this morning ! 
Quite possibly my favorite word in the English language : NAP . 
I've been gone from Atlanta for exactly month . Time flies ! 
Church was supposed to be outside this morning .... I guess God has other plans . 
Tonight is my first 12 hour solo on-call shift at the hospital ... prayers please ! 
Well that was a long night . 
The best part about living at home ... the hot tub ! 
Exhaustion is fast becoming a state of being this summer . 
I'm so hungry ... too bad my lunch is in the room where they are having the important meeting . 
is trying desperately to get the energy to go to the gym . 
My biggest goal today is to be back in bed by 9 pm . 
tough day . 
I work hard for the money .... oh wait , I don't get paid for this job . I work hard for the .... heavenly reward ? 
The men in our family are NEVER AGAIN allowed to choose where we eat out as a family . 
just wrote a really long verbatim . Writing about it was almost as hard as dealing with the situation the first time . Sigh . 
It's almost the weekend .... 
is going to a garden party ! 
is on call today . I guess freezing inside the hospital is better than melting outside . 
After a very long , very busy day at the hospital , I am so looking forward to tomorrow . Church potluck and < PROPFIRST > Buble here I come !! 
I love the surprise that < PROPFEMALE > VanEss sent me ! You rock girl !! 
< PROPFIRST > Buble is currently making this on-call shift bearable . 
I'm updating my status per the request of < PROPFEMALE > Murtha . 
going to lunch at the historical building with mom . Yay for days off ! 
is working overnight tonight . 
Christmas music just accidentally came up on my iTunes . I think I'm just gonna roll with it ... 
I think Jesus would approve of you . 
is not feeling well . :( 
There is an improv show at the Civic Center Saturday night ... who wants to go with me ? 
mmmm pizza .... 
The ImprovFest was completely hilarious ... I just wish I could have stayed for the whole thing ! 
Out of town for the night with CPE Roundup . 
I'm no angel that I never claimed , but I thought I was nobody's fool . 
I don't know why I ever thought that once I was done with Candler I wouldn't have to write anymore reflection papers ... 
I won free Zoo Brew tickets for tonight !! Too bad I work till 9 .... 
is heading to < PROPMALE > Winery for a concert ! 
It's a cold , old world , when you're missing somebody ... 
will melt your popsicle ... 
Jersey boys was incredible !! 
is trying to catch up on paperwork before my 12 hour on call shift tonight . 
is going apartment hunting downtown and finally remembered WADT !! I love standing in solidarity with < PROPFEMALE > Weaver , < PROPFEMALE > B . Miller , and < PROPFEMALE > Tate !! 
Oh < PROPFIRST > ... 
It's happy birthday time for one of my dearest friends ... the one and only , < PROPFEMALE > Murtha !!! 
My big interview is in the morning ... either wish me luck or pray for me , whichever works for you !! 
INTERVIEW .... 
Interview Round 1 : Check ! Interview Round 2 : Commencing in T -10 minutes .... 
And I breathe a huge sigh of relief .... 
I love awesome co-workers that bring me bags of peanut butter m&m's just because . 
Ok , NOW it's official . I have been offered the residency !! 
Can it be lunchtime now ? 
I can't wait for winter . 
I got woken up by the pager at 8am . Thankfully it was just < PROPFIRST > telling me he's here to take over now ... 
And another week begins ... 
I'm no good for ya baby . 
oh crap ... 
I'm making peanut butter cookies then dipping them in chocolate ... who wants to be my friend ? 
I need a new planner .... before my brain explodes .... 
is ready for a long overdue Girl's Night ! 
had to end the night early because of a horrible headache .... bedtime now . 
Time to go to a wedding of someone I barely know while simultaneously trying to plan what I'm going to say in my sermon tomorrow . Yeah , this may be procrastination/multi-tasking at it's finest ! 
I'm heading to my first gig as televangelist . Eek ! 
Watching Grey's Anatomy on DVD while carrying the pager at work is quiet confusing . It takes me a minute to figure out if the pager going off is mine or just on TV ! 
Can it be October yet ? 
Ahhhh the end of another season of The Bachelorette . Must mean summer is almost over ! 
I'm catching up on my correspondence . 
is starting to sermonize . Hopefully . 
I keep seeing previews for The Last Exorcism and it is FREAKING ME OUT .!!! 
Getting to leave work early after an overnight on call = good . Getting to leave work early after an overnight on call because I spent the early part of the morning getting sick = not so good . 
Slammed with paperwork again . 
You always have a choice . 
The Iowa State Fair started today ... who wants to go with me this weekend ?? 
It's Friday the 13th and I'm on-call today ... 
is baking up a storm this afternoon . 
I woke up tired ... heading into a twelve hour shift ... good thing I can take naps at work ! 
absolutely heartbreaking ... 
Well that was the worst shift I've had in a while . 
just packed a very strange lunch for tomorrow . 
I need to bake something for a project . Give me suggestions ! 
It totally makes my day when I wake up and see that someone has commented on my blog :) 
Nothing like watching the Antiques Roadshow with my parents to make me feel old . 
Since when do books have commercial on TV ? I find this so weird for some reason ... 
I'm officially done with the internship ! Now to kick off the residency with a 16 hour on call shift ... 
Nap , then gym , then going to the Iowa State Fair ! Arguably one of the happiest places on earth ... although < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Lambert might disagree with me :) 
If I die young , bury me in satin , lay me down on a bed of roses , sink me in the river , at < PROPFEMALE > , send me away with the words of a love song ... 
I'm thinking it might be time to remove the nose ring permanently ... guess I'm growing up ! 
Ok seminary friends ... I just remembered I have $40 to spend at Cokesbury thanks to graduation . Any suggestions on what I should get ? 
To watch Criminal Minds or to go to bed early ... decisions , decisions . 
Two weeks from today I get my first paycheck , whoohoo ! How shall I celebrate ?? 
Sometimes the hospital seems like a big hungry monster that feeds on our personal lives . - Scrubs 
Three little birds sat on my window , and they told me I don't need to worry . 
I love lists . 
just found a recipe for Brownie Cookies ... will be making soon ! 
I'm teaching myself how to play the guitar one on call shift at a time ! 
Just watched My Sister's Keeper ... HATED they way they changed the ending ! The book is so much better . 
OnCall tonight for twelve hours ... then I get to spend the rest of the weekend with < PROPFEMALE > Dowd ! 
Life is a journey , not a destination ... 
Second Saturdays are for being fancy with < PROPFEMALE > Dowd !! 
Going to an Office Space themed party -- breaking printers and wearing flair = excellent . But I think it's safe to say we won't be fancy anymore !! 
Back to work today ... and all worth it to get that paycheck tomorrow - finally !! 
Dancing in the car on the way to work makes for a good start to the day - thanks for the fabulous CD < PROPFEMALE > Marsh !! 
I want to go apple picking ... anybody with me ? 
Looking forward to the football game tomorrow ! 
Touchdown Hawkeyes !! 
Well that was a loooooooooong night . 
I suddenly have a strong urge to make a giant batch of PW's cinnamon rolls ... 
I'll be at the monastery this weekend for a MUCH needed retreat . See you all when I get back ! 
Loving the fact that my dad booked me a SUITE at the Holiday Inn for this second night of the retreat . Relaxation and renewal here I come !! 
I love bananas ! 
Today's the day ! 
Headed to the game with < PROPFIRST > Scales , GO HAWKS !! 
It's finally fuzzy socks and pretty scarf weather ... I love fall ! 
You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter . 
I have a verbatim due tomorrow that isn't finished yet . But I'm going to pull a < PROPFIRST > E . Driskill and go to bed now , then get up early in the morning to knock it out ! 
So Psalm 137 is up in the lectionary this week ... anyone else actually using it ? Any suggestions ? Do I actually want to read this one in chapel at the hospital ? 
It's 60 degrees , the sky is blue , the leaves are starting to turn , and I don't have to work . It's a perfect fall day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , is there anything worse in this world than a man ? 
I've been at work for 14 hours ... lots to go . Off to try and get some sleep now ! 
I just spilled banana on myself ... how is that even possible ? 
Criminal Minds ... quite possibly my most favorite show on television right now ! 
WHERE DO ALL THE SOCKS GO ?!?!? 
Off to the World Food Prize Festival in downtown Des Moines ! 
I'm at work and wishing I had a Diet Coke ... 
Loving this fall day and a three day weekend ! 
I find myself missing Atlanta people something fierce today . You know who you are ! Love to you all ! 
Is it wierd that I love busy days at work ? 
Yuuummmm just fell in love with fresh raspberries and blackberries . 
Full moon ... 36 hour on call shift .... this should turn out well , right ? 
No one ever mistook me for beauty and grace . 
Ok Atlanta friends , I am officially coming to visit January 13-17th . < PROPFIRST > your calendars now ! This means you , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Lambert , < PROPFIRST > E . Driskill , < PROPFEMALE > VanEss , < PROPMALE > Robinson , < PROPFIRST > Doss , and < PROPFIRST > Clemens , among others . ( Facebook only lets me tag 6 people ) . Can't wait to see you all ! 
Not yet in a Halloween mood this year ... this needs to change by Saturday ! 
I'm just a sweet transvestite from transexual Transylvania ! 
Everybody has those days . 
I may be going blind from staring at my computer screen all day . I will notify you further tomorow . 
Not a good start to the day . Woke up an hour and a half late , Braindead has been elected our new govenor and all three Iowa Supreme Court judges got kicked off . WTF Iowa . Grrr . 
Volunteering overnight with Des Moines Interfaith Hospitality Network ! 
Trader < PROPFIRST>'s is opening in Des Moines tomorrow ... I feel like a little kid on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !! 
I put some love in the mail to friends today . Now watching a movie on my parent's new big screen TV . Life is good . 
Gonna need some holy spirit inspiration in the morning since I totally forgot to plan chapel ... 
GO IOWA !! 
Oh Dobby , you shall be missed . 
The lights are up outside , the trees ( that's right , plural ) are decorated , but it just won't feel like the holidays until we get some snow !!! 
Wrote this status update from the treadmill :) 
I had a dream last night that it snowed and when I woke up I ran outside in my pajamas to play in the snow ... it was glorious . Sadly , when I woke up , there was no snow :( 
I just experienced a terrible , heart wrenching on-call shift . I ask for prayers for all whom I encountered throughout the night . 
Bored ... at home alone for the week .... I guess I should write that verbatim I have due tomorrow . 
I spent the evening hosting the Christmas Party for my work ... and it was fabulous ! My cheeks hurt from laughing/smiling so much . Now for the mess to clean up ... 
I love receiving Christmas cards - thanks so much < PROPFEMALE > Weaver and < PROPFEMALE > Tate !!! 
HAPPY :) 
I fell at work today when I leaned back in my desk chair and it completely flipped over . My boss made me go to the < PROPMALE > and I was diagnosed as having a \minor head injury\ " . Don't worry - all is well now - it was more funny than anything ! I'm a total klutz is the lesson of the day ... " 
Sometimes too good is true ... 
I had an extremely vivid dream last night that two tornadoes were about to hit the hospital . It freaked me out ! 
Loving life !! 
Apparently there was some sort of football game tonight ? 
I'm heading to Atlanta for a long weekend !! If you are there and want to < PROPFEMALE > out give me a call or send me a text !! 
Watching The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog , going to worship at the United Methodist Children's Home , then going out with all my Atlanta friends to Hand in Hand - what a FABULOUS day !! 
Coming back to work is hard after a long weekend with friends in Atlanta . Especially when I have to pick up extra shifts ! 
I have officially paid off my first student < PROPFEMALE > !! 
I give up , I'm ready for spring . ( Good thing I'm going on a Caribbean cruise next week !! ) 
I just blogged for the first time in almost two weeks - I was glad for the break but it feels good to be back ! 
Does anyone know anything about consolidating student loans ? I NEED HELP ! 
Leaving town today to go on a cruise !! 
Going on a cruise ! Will be offline for a week . 
Back on land but not back home yet . Can't wait to get home and back to real life ! ( Who says that after a vacation ?!? ) :) 
Heading to my dCOM interview this morning ... wish me luck ! 
I am officially a certified candidate for ordination in the United Methodist Church !! Or as my supervisor at works says ... I am now certifiable :) 
Today is a very good day indeed . 
I wish < PROPFEMALE > White was my grandma :) 
I love when sermon inspiration strikes before Saturday night ! 
I'm hooked on Firefly ... 
Spa Day !! 
Hey all ! For Lent this year I am going to give up facebook ..... if you need to get a hold of me please use my personal email : bmjohn22@gmail.com . 
