Can the Clash of the Titans come out today ?!?!!? 

forgot that pride means everyone is coming in to get tested , meaning long day for K . 
is going to investing on this canned hamburger and canned WHOLE Chicken crap that is grossing out the country one chain-email at a time . 
just designed an AWESOME cake .......... Now how to transport and eat . That will be an epic event . 
is so excited for mashed sweet potatoes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! of course with < PROPMALE > and cheese . DUH ! 
got to meet < PROPFIRST > Levine and < PROPFEMALE > Stiles at Katsuya for Lunch . They are super cool ! 
weekends feel more like overloaded weekdays . 
needs to hire a comic releif to randomly bust out jokes all day long . Seriously there is just not enough laughter in the world . 
a part of me thinks ........ 
there was a old woman who lived in a shoe , she had so many children she didn't know what to do . So social service took them away from her , how does a woman living in a shoe get knocked up so much ? Really ? 
A world without caffeine is slow . 
thinks the 4th of July was an interesting movie with lots of nudity and independance day is a poor representation of african americans . 
has de-stressed ! 
is sooooo monday . 
is going to eat something very lard today , I mean large . 
Misses tuesday and wednesday , I never got to say goodbye to them before I meet up with Saturday and Sunday . 
is going to do an exercise seminar with woman , this should be AWESOME . Its like working for Curves : Fitness for Woman . What should I wear ?? 
is going to sleep more since the Sleep Institute just released a study indicating that athletes do benefit and should get more/extra sleep for both performance , mood and stress . WONDERFUL ! Now how do I get a 10hr sleep schedule in 24hrs ? 
is going to see < PROPMALE > Pothead tonight !!!! 
doesn't want to leave his cousins , nieces and nephews ... they are the loves of my life ! 
OFFICE AIR CONDITIONER IS NOT WORKING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHY ?!?!??!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?! 
sometimes lyrics in songs stress me out . Should this be happening or do I analyse it too much ; artists with strange lyrics include Kanye West , Akon , The Fray , < PROPFEMALE > Underwood ( Some Songs ) , Thriving < PROPFIRST > or Red Hot Chilli Peppers . If you really feel adve 
what would you do for a Klondike bar ??? It melted before I could figure out what I would do to get it , so I didn't eat it . OH WELL ! 
I am pretty sure its not a good thing to have one of my ribs sticking out . hhhmmmm .......... 
has a blown shoulder , popped our ribs and an IT band that about to snap . I think this is how the scarecrow felt ... 
is beer busted on a Monday ... really Keiy ? 
Why can't I get triple dark chocolate chips cookie dough ice cream with melted peanut butter out of my head ???? 
If I have a gift card for See's Candies AND Godiva Chocolate how much exercise would I have to do in order to compensate for $50 worth of Chocolate ??????????? 
just realized that he didn't sign up his new debit card for AAdvantage Dining Points and lost over $200 worth of < PROPMALE > . DAMN IT !!!!!!!!!! 
is tired from a weekend of too much fun and volleyball . 
Spicy Thai Chips and Beef Curry with Brown Rice makes for a great end of a day . 
< PROPFEMALE > snaps , Snap peas , Snapper , Snap bean , grilled snap , snap on a stick , snap into a slim < PROPMALE > , Rice in a snap , oooooooh snap ! ( sigh ) 
is high on coffee again ... 
chilling by the pool drinking a corona ! Doctors orders , its true . 
long and ever so interesting weekend ... I love friends ! 
ate a burrito and is now in a food coma . Remind me why its a good idea to put rice , beans and tortillas together ? 
I might need a roommate now ... 
should I still have the taste of sushi in my mouth from the night before ?? Oh wait its the fish oil pills . HAHAHAHA 
My patient asked me today where soy protein comes from . HAHAHAHAHAHA I was lost for words . 
looked out my window today and saw a kid hit the tetherball and disappear ... seriously have no idea what that was ?????? 
I think I just made my body age about 5 years from playing volleyball today . Everything in my body pops , at least its not in pain ..... until tomorrow when I wake up I'm sure . 
is looking for a new place to live ??? awkward ... 
my bursa is on fire ! 
top three things I don't recommend doing today : 1 . Status updates about God . 2 . Venting about having to choose between a Lexus or a BMW . 3 . Posting incriminating photos of yourself on your own facebook ...... On the later end : Thank God you have a nice car and praise Jesus that your boss knows about your foot fetish .... 
swimming in a sea of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > status updates . Is she a Tennis player ? I am pretty sure the women's matches are over guys ... HAHAHA 
lets dissect the word portfolio . Port : the left side of a ship or aircraft , a sweet wine typically from Portugal , an opening , or a town with a harbor . Folio : an individual leaf of paper that is numbered only on the recto/front side . Well its not a harbor , not an opening , not a wine and I guess if you are reading it right its bound on the left side ...... I say its a stretch . Engrish is crajy ! 
why is Miley < PROPMALE > taking a journey to < PROPFEMALE > and singing about party in the USA ?????? 
is going to play some vball today in < PROPFEMALE > Hills . Come join if you are available and interested !!! 
why would someone try to mix lady gaga with < PROPFEMALE > lennox ??? totally ruined my relaxing muscle-stim session . 
Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter is the best breakfast EVER ! Oh and so was the breakfast sandwich but lets be honest I ate the entire container of DCPB . 
I would like the world to see that I have officially been marked as a white washed asian , and no I am not Korean !!! 
hot cup o'earl grey , butternut squash soup with brown rice and to top it off ... Paranormal Activity at 9:30 !!! If anyone wants to join come with ! ARCLIGHT @ 9:30 there were tons of seats open ! SWEET !! 
going to the grove with my fellow dietitians , anyone care to eat with us ?? HAHAHAHA we promise not to judge . ;) 
is < PROPMALE > brisk like light jacket and coat or sweaters and long sleeve T's ???? gonna use my ESPN for this one ! 
Officially in a sea of PMS'ing dietitians in heat ! This will be AWESOME ! 
I just ate breakfast , lunch and dinner by eating samples all day at FNCE . UGH ! I have never had this much antioxidants , probiotics and fiber/protein filled food in one day . 
am I really the only one that just learned about the boy scouts being an organization that allows discrimination and can't contract with organizations and businesses in LA because they are ?.... So much for raising our kids with good morals . 
All I have to say is farmers tan ... DAMN IT !!!! 
Costume party at work = who knew so many men looked better in drag ? 
Thomaaaaasss , hey < PROPFIRST > ! Look < PROPFIRST > , I found a doughnut hole . Oh < PROPFIRST > , I'm gonna dip it in my coffee and eat it . < PROPFIRST > ! 
What do you think of when you hear the word entitlement ? 
What kind of telephone pictionary player are you ?!?! A . Uses symbols with equations . B . Writes a literal interpretation of a surreal picture . C . Turns every phrase into a dirty picture . D . Uses stick figures and blobs . E . Finds a use for midgets , lesbians , donkeys and grandma for every picture . 
Look its me in a lab coat !!! I don't think I EVER wear that at work unless the a/c is on . 
Who knew < PROPFIRST > had kings ? I really like that they want to use somebody but thats probably why their sex is on fire . Its the gift that keeps on giving . 
Agoraphobia : You mean I have to be around those people ? Arachnephobia : YOU HAVE 6 TOES ? GROSS ! Anglophobia : I hate english class ! Acousticophobia : Your taste in music SUCKS ! Ambulophobia : We're in LA , who walks ? Aurophobia : Sorry no gold for me , platinum and diamonds please ! 
Free at last ! 
ONE MORE QUESTION LEFT !!!!!! Then I am out of solitary confinement . YAY !! 
I AM DONE !!!!!!!!!!!!! Ready to KICK IT ! 
I am a master !!! ... of Nutritional Science . WOOT WOOT ! 
If you have not heard of Cafe Etc . YOU HAVE TO GO THERE !!!! My favorites : Breakfast Burrito with sauteed onions , Brie Chicken grilled sandwich with apples and cranberry , Chinese chicken salad with almond and sesame dressing , Turkey wrap ( Not your ordinary wrap ) , tomato soup with grilled cheese . Did I also mention that you get AAdvantage < PROPMALE > ?? 
Did you hear what I hear ? < PROPFIRST > Frost was nipping at his nose , mommy was kissing < PROPFEMALE > clause , they decked the halls in their gay apparel , an apparently < PROPFEMALE > sees you when you are sleeping . I heard that ! 
Good Earth Original Tea rocks my world . 
Kashi Garlic and Thyme party crackers topped with jalapeno hummus , chicken and a dash of cranberry relish is actually a wonderful combo . This is my great effort at utilizing left-overs . 
Brie cheese and spiced walnut apricot preserve on a whole grain cracker with a cup of apple cinnamon tea is by far the best combo for a rainy night with a movie . 
I can bearly bear to bearicade myself from bearing the delicious beary infused bear claws next to a large bearrel of bearracudas . 
I love rain ... 
I need a tummy tuck to recover from my fat tuesday ........ 
head pounding .... nose stuffy ..... body overheating .... this is just as bad as being stuck in the middle of a crowd at a < PROPMALE > Brothers concert . UGH !! 
volleyball !!! 
Sprint officially defeated AT&T , I can finally make calls in the comforts of my own apartment . ** sigh ** 
I knew the world was moving in the right direction when I answered the phone today from a sales person and when asked for my roommate < PROPFIRST > , who was not present , I was asked if I was his husband . Yay sensitivity training . HAHAHA 
ICD-10 ?!?! Already ? Can we make sure that 9 was being implemented and utilized first ? 
Someday these white-boys getting Japanese tattoos will become better informed on the connotation and social implications that irezumi actually has . Irezumi is actually a cultural disrespect embodied on their skin provoking anger , disdain , pity and and disgust from the Japanese . I hope you never meet someone in the yakuza and see how they punish someone who commits such an offense . 
Food tip of the day ! Organic does not mean local .... be sure to read those labels your \organic\ " pear might still be coming from south < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you Cascadian Farms for deceiving us once again . " 
Healthcare is going to get an extreme makeover ! Oh and some other food tips , Kraft foods is cutting back on salt , pepper containing foods have been recalled for certain products , more research shows that most health problems are prevented starting with diet , and DNA testing for drug sensitivity is on its way to the forefront of reducing hospital mortality !! 
Nano technology appears to be on the rise from Asian countries including Europe and has now become a part of our DIETS ?!?!?! Who knew that they would start creating nanofoods . The UK has done a great job of requiring evidence to support the case of nanotechnology in all packaging , supplements , and food . What are you doing , FDA ???? 
No matter how many calories are in those damn cakes , Peanut Bubba French Toast at the Griddle make my life glorious . Yes the whip cream only enhances the pleasure they induce on the stomach and brain !!!! 
Thank you < PROPMALE > Chavez ?..... 
effen April totally fooled me today , darn her ! 
run-yon anyone ? 
just realized that I can't let it go when someone decides to use your rather than you're 12 times in a 4 part email conversation . I mean I know english is my second language but seriously this must stop . 
ooooohhh my gosh , thomasssss ... I work with you ! thomassss I found a dead rat in the doughnuts ! 
I just got 300 < PROPMALE > for a $14 breakfast !! If < PROPFIRST > wants to travel from Berlin to Thailand and it is a 5,000 mile ticket but wants to get a flight for < PROPFEMALE > who is going from < PROPFEMALE > to Berlin , assuming that the destinations create an equilateral triangle how many days of eating 3 meals a day would it take for < PROPFIRST > to get enough < PROPMALE > to fly < PROPFEMALE > to Berlin and then for the two of them to fly to Thailand together ? 
Laaaaaazy day ! 
I now no what its like to have a piece of rock salt fly into your eye . Its like giving birth from your eye hole ! 
Not to worry everyone , now that I have prescription cocaine eye drops at hand my eye will now feel no pain . Its the epidural I've always wanted . 
Here is a listing of California Farmers Markets !!!!!!!!! http://states.farmersmarket.com/category/ca 
the < PROPFEMALE > has mixed thoughts on WIC , but the evidence shows that even if the education provided is good , its still doesn't improve birth outcomes or child development in participants . Seriously WIC , face the facts . Sometimes you can educate but it may not be enough to make the changes of a culture . 
Just got enough calcium and fiber samples to recreate the skeletal system and probably to build a tree with this fiber . mmmmmmm and they would taste like lemon yum ! 
My office is filled with muscle milk and no that doesn't mean I have bodybuilders as patients today . 
Finally after 3 semesters of waiting I get to walk ! Plus my mom is coming up !! 
Forced into watching Twilight : < PROPFEMALE > Pie or something like that . I would love to hear the opinions of some educated women on the topic of this film because personally if I was a chick I would be super offended by this movie . 
BPA ( Bisphenol A ) in canned foods finally reported as unsafe for pregnant women by the FDA ... and now on to more important news . The FDA is now being cracked down upon and is called to change infrastructure due to lack of timeliness in safety reports for public concerns . How many low income homes rely on canned foods and have children ?? Well at this point I guess canned food should just be a no go for humans right ?? 
Alfalfa sprouts recalled AGAIN ! HAHAHA lets see how many times we have to recall and get people sick off of alfalfa in order to realize that maybe alfalfa is not the best thing to mass produce . HERRO ??!?!?!?! I think I need to be on REALLY ?!?! With Keiy and < PROPMALE > on SNL strictly for the food industry . 
To follow-up on the evil Alfalfa ... HAHAHA\ 
https://secure3.convio.net/cfs/site/Advocacy?pagename=homepage&page=UserAction&id=309&autologin=true&JServSessionIdr004=2ldgi001z1.app303a 
I didn't bring an umbrella to work with me and I walk to work so ..... I guess it could be worse like the Hollywood hills could actually be an active volcano that starts to explode and I could have forgotten my lava proof galoshes . Seriously ! 
Almonds , cheese , and Good Earth Sweet and Spicy Tea . Perfect mid-day snack . 
Funny how McDonalds all of a sudden cares about the health concerns for the public .... OH WAIT !! YOU MEAN A GOVERNMENT AGENCY FORCED THEM TO RECALL THESE GLASSES !?!?! REALLY !?!?! \ 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/us_and_canada/10235075.stm 
can't believe that I consulted a company that creates a protein powder high in toxic metals . I need the FDA to wake-up and realize that supplements need to be regulated or else they are going to kill us . 
my poster got a mustache drawn on it !! :( LOL Losers ! 
wants you to stop eating food with a GMO soy or corn derivative in it . DO IT !!! GET INTO IT !! And tell those money bags * to Bite me ! ( Mastication Pun ! ) \ 
Foot Note Alert : * no not a racist remark 
My people have done it again ! Japanese Research scientists found that probiotics are linked to better fat metabolism with reductions found in abdominal fat/adiposity . Now for those of you who are 5% body fat , this may not apply to you ! Skinny doesn't become skinniest or skinnier . \ 
http://www.nutraingredients-usa.com/Research/Probiotics-may-help-fat-and-weight-loss-Study 
I don't like to post reviews on movies , BUT if I could turn back the sands of time and not buy the tickets to < PROPMALE > of Persia . I WOULD !!!! 
Thank you Lakers for getting everyone to not go to the gym today so that I can breeze through my workout !!! sorry I don't like watching basketball tho ! 
Judging by the riots last night with lighting taxi's on fire , fighting , turning over signs and even throwing things at police officers that the Laker's won and LA TOTALLY LOST !!! Foul play LA , so glad that non-athletic people enjoy a sport just so they can prove how non-athletic and ignorant they truly are . Oh and FOX News and CBS ... stop calling the rioters Thugs , I see white people !!!! 
sooooooo not ready to leave Miami !!!!!! 
Anyone want to go hiking !?!?!?! It is a beautiful day !! 
All I have to say is GO JAPAN !!!!!! My people are doing so well . ( sigh ) 
Can you tell I am back from vacation ? :-) 
Sorry eveyone but I am still very excited about beet juice and blood pressure lowering effects . THIS IS SO EXCITING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WANT TO BEET IT !!! 
I am thinking its close to Obon Matsuri time and that I need to hit up Little Tokyo for some old fashion Japanese Eating . YUM !! 
What does girl in see-thru white lenin dress , swarm of bees , projectile vomiting woman , woman thanking a non-existing audience for an academy award , and a homeless man who calls everyone crazy all have in common ?? My daily walk to work of course .... along good old Hollywood Blvd ! LOL 
HAHAHA , ooops my patient saw that I put that they were < PROPFEMALE > in my assessment note . I forget that for a \body builder\ " them fightin ' words . Sorry < PROPFEMALE > you got 5 years of real education and 40 more pounds to go ...... " 
Nothing makes me more mad than soy ...... COME ON CRAZY PEOPLE !!!!!!!!!! 
YAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!! I hear they believe in equal rights . 
I love my Biochemistry book ... <3 <3 
Its been confirmed ... I have officially hit 190 pounds . I think I'm pregnant . HAHAHA 
Song's on this weeks playlist : Many the < PROPMALE > to the french cafe where samson was being a creep . Playing with a < PROPFEMALE > ball , throwing glitter in the air but I'll love you more than you'll ever know ... I'll give you this sweet potato to make you feel my love or ride an elephant all night long on broken heels . What's up lonely , Mr. Blue , go to Arizona and have the time of your life . 
bizarre , just insanely bizarre . I need a dream interpreter post haste . 
sorry to get all Biblical on you guys but I feel like some people need a little reminder so LOOK IT UP !!! < PROPFIRST > 22 : 36-40 and 1 Corinthians 13 . JUST DO IT !!! 
I am speechless ..... if we are going to talk about statistics I think the prerequisite should be to have ACTUALLY taken a statistics class . Right ?! 
Plum , greek yogurt ( vanilla latte flavor w/stevia ) , small vanilla bean scone and Sweet&Spicy tea ... delicious !! 
YAY JAPAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Women's Japanese Volleyball Team has defeated the highly favored Brazilian team in the Final Round of the Grand Prix !!!! Japan 3-2 Brazil . Sorry < PROPFIRST > Denham !!! 
Sorry guys , busy week . Taking a break from my nutrition factoids for the week . 
WANTED : Middle Blocker for Vegas Tournament Oct 23+24 !!!!! 
VEGAS !!!!! 
I will miss all my colleagues at LAGLC , thanks everyone for the great experience and all the fun times . Now on to my big boy jog as Director , Clinical Nutrition 
Eating sushi while watching the country music awards ... I think my two racial halves have found a happy median . 
I guess Windsor Hills has a crime issue ... gated security around strip malls . Eerrrr :-/ 
Happy Turkey day everyone !! Eat well but EAT HEALTHY !!!!!!!! 
Can someone tell my neighbor , < PROPFIRST > kimmel to keep the noise down ? Seriously < PROPFIRST > , I need to sleep . 
My Health Risk Assessment told me I need to lose weight ... so I told the HRA that it was stupid ! I win ! 
1 jar of peanut butter + 1 jar of sugar free strawberry preserve = best meal EVER 
Gym = failing new year resolution hell ! Can people give up already , please !! 
Having a mathematically challenging moment with The Biggest Loser Pound for Pound hunger challenge ... DC is in first place but why ??? 
Antithetical Footgame status update addition ... Target shopping for cleaning stuff while listening to past npr sessions of delicious dish is sooo much cooler 
Keiy's Lament ; Pink I shant not succumb to your beckoning loins , for I haf girded my nimble body with the armor of abstinence and sword of sodomy ... wait did I say sword of sodomy ? I mean sword of self-restraint ... why must you persist in eloquently seducing my lyrical senses !?!?! 
Sweet beautiful san < PROPMALE > . I'm home ! 
Happy birthday to my awesome roommate < PROPMALE > Rude !!!! 
Trader < PROPFIRST>'s Blueberries with a sprinkle of splenda = best desert EVER ! 
International chest day !! I had no idea , everyone is workingout their chest today at the gym . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , are you working out your chest too ?? 
Blueberry Saga : Day 2 ! Blueberries with a drizzle of 90% cocoa chocolate and a tsp of ground cinnamon , ORAC ( Oxygen Radical Absorbance Capacity ) = 16,563 . I can feel my body getting younger with each bite ! 
Yay for having a cook who can make ribs and sweet potato fries made to order !!! 
Diary of a fat girl ... observe pictures below of mastro's chocolate sin cake with a half pound of fresh whipped cream . 
65% of all oropharyngeal cancer is caused by HPV from oral sex ... who invited you < PROPFEMALE > downer ?!?!? 
Hey dude at Capital Drugs , in weho , the \che\ " in chelate is not pronounced like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > but like a key and if you mention liver cleansing again I'll cut you ! " 
YAY Vegas today ... ranked 27th for AIDS cases , 19th for syphilis , 26th for chlamydia and 24th for gonorrhea being from Cali I am actually lowering my risk !?!? 
DJ Tokyo drift and DJ Tranny McFierce-n do Vegas !!! Is that a man-genie ?!?! 
I put a buzz button in my mouth and honestly its an oral orgasm . 
Dear Advil , I love you . But the man in your commercial doesn't need to switch from Tylenol to you . He just needs to lose weight . Love , your favorite addict . K ! 
Happy National Nutrition Month !!! Eat healthy , play hard and drink plenty ... of water ! 
