Congratulations , < PROPFEMALE > !!! I can't wait to meet < PROPFEMALE > ! 

It has been a wicked year -- quite possibly my favorite thus far . Although I am slightly sad to see such a fantastic year come to an end , I look forward to the hope and joy that 2011 has to offer . Have a great , safe night everybody . And thank you to everyone who made this year so special for me . 
2011 has officially begun and I gotta say , it seems an awful lot like 2010 . 
I just had a couple of back-to-back ridiculously bad blonde moments . 
I've come to the conclusion that my work shirt is the most unflattering piece off attire ever made . Does anyone know where I can get them altered for cheap ? 
Finally back on facebook . Yay ! I'll be checking periodically now that I'm back in school . 
Time for anthropology . Talk about fun . Lol 
OK , time to work on those papers lol . 
Ugh . Done with papers for now . I finished the ones that are due tonight . That's enough , right ? 
Going to bed . Psych test at 9 and an anthropology paper due at 7 tomorrow night that I haven't even started !!! 
Six hour breaks between classes just shouldn't exist . 
I know it's late but the cheese danish cake in my kitchen is calling out to me . 
If sleep is for losers than I must be one . Night , all ! 
I'm out of my mind right now , but if you leave a message I'll get back to you as soon as I can . Beep . 
It's been a long , long , bad , bad day . Time for a late night snack and then I'm going to pass out ! 
Finally something went right ! 
Aced my psych exam . Pretty sure I aced my anthropology test too . Life is sweet ... For now . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone !!! 
Job interview tomorrow !!! 
Don't you know about the bird ? Well , everybody knows that the bird is the word ! A-well-a bird , bird , b-bird's the word ! 
It is April 9th ! Why does Walgreens have Christmas ornaments ?!? 
Why is it that I can't please anyone without pissing someone else off ? 
Finally got that Ohare job interview rescheduled ! Noon on Friday ! 
Got the job !!!!!!!!!! 
So I just did a celebrity look alike thing with several photos of myself . The two that came up each time were < PROPFIRST > Timberlake and < PROPMALE > Bennington lol . 
I just got an application that's supposed to make my battery run longer . Yup , there's an app for that ! 
Ugh , ear buds are really annoying . I miss my headphones ! 
I'm so excited , and I just can't hide it !!!! 
I really hate it when random skanks send me friend requests ! 
3 final exams , 1 presentation , 1 paper , 1 lunch meeting , 1 work meeting , and 1 job interview = 1 interesting week ahead of me ! 
After four long months of unemployment , I now find myself in a wonderful predicament . I have two jobs ! 
Sometimes I really don't understand why people want children . They're such little brats ! 
I think it should be mandatory for all college professors to check their email at least twice a day and respond to ALL student emails . 
is it sad that I'm excited to be getting up early tomorrow for work ? 
I start work at APM in two hours !!! < PROPFEMALE > Murphy , I owe you dinner ! 
I made four sales today . Not bad for my first official shift ! 
I hate people who take the aisle seats on buses and refuse to move over . Here , old man . Take my seat ! 
Happy mama's day to all my facebook friends ' moms ! And to my facebook moms as well ! 
I'm about to spend the majority of the next twelve hours working . Why am I happy about that ? :-) 
Hooray ! All my last minute errands are done . Time to go relax with my girls and then it's off to VEGAS !!! tomorrow morning ! 
Just got to Vegas . Let the fun begin ! 
Back from Vegas ... bag half-unpacked ... so tired ... passing out in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... ZZZZZZZ ! 
I am anxiously awaiting < PROPFIRST > kimmel . Hopefully I'll get some piece of mind . 
Damn you , < PROPFIRST > kimmel !!!!!! Alternate endings my ass ! 
After much deliberation , I think I am satisfied with how Lost ended . 
Well , I did my good deed for the day . Time to sit back and soak up the good < PROPFEMALE > ! 
The good < PROPFEMALE > has come . Training is finally scheduled for the new job !!!!!!! 
Wow ! 45 minute break ? What to do , what to do ? 
Worked over 40 hours this week . Not that I'm complaining , but how is that par t-t ime ? 
Ugh ! Rain means flight delays . Flight delays mean at least one store has to stay open late . I hope they give me baggage claim ! 
Mmm , everything bagel with cream cheese ! 
I'm really proud of the photos I took on the beach the other morning . They're pretty damn good for camera phone pictures ! 
I take back what I said about wanting to work baggage claim . It's gonna be a very long , very boring shift . 
I really need to start packing lunches for work . Granola bars and fruit snacks are starting to get real old . 
Wtf is going on ? My last bus driver had to ask me where to go because she was new and now this one's trying to kill me ! 
Wow glad I'm on the train . It just started pouring out of nowhere ! 
I wish I could < PROPFEMALE > mother nature for making it rain on a Saturday . 
O'hare needs a fun place for the employees to spend their breaks . A karaokee bar perhaps ! 
Friday can't come soon enough . I will feel so much better about the ten hour days I've been working once I see the results ! 
Damn you rain ! I'm not getting out of work until at least midnight tonight . My only consolation is I have enough money to get me a bagel at DD on the way home . 
I < PROPFIRST > , take thee everything bagel with cream cheese . To consume and devour for as long as Dunkin Donuts shall sell you . You may now eat the bagel . 
Judging by the number of people on the train , it's gonna be a crazy day at the airport ! 
Can anyone tell me why the two children giving me the \OOH you're smoking\ " look outside the laundry mat won't stop staring at me ? " 
I would like to personally thank < PROPFIRST > Butler , the ABC weather lady for ruining what should have been a beautiful day by forecasting rain . 
10 hours in and I still don't know when I'm leaving work . This kinda sucks . 
Wow I think I just got off the train to transexual transylvania ! 
I would like to thank < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > for making yesterday so much fun . Totally worth the hilarious sunburn I'm now sporting ! 
Who steals dryer sheets ? Seriously ! 
What a beautiful freakin ' day ! This is my kind of weather . Too bad I'll be at work and won't be able to enjoy it . Very envious of those of you who will ! 
I just found out I can jump ahead of the security line at work . I feel like such a bigshot ! LOL 
It's time for the perculator ! 
There's a drunk man at the airport screaming profanities at the wall . I'm scurred ! 
Apparently the drunk guy from yesterday LIVES at the airport . He's here again today and talking to his hands . 
So far today , I missed a spot shaving , I am a sweaty mess already because of the humidity , and my register number still doesn't work . So far , not loving today ! 
Really wishing the designated smoking area wasn't right next to the extremely obnoxious taxi director . Just STFU already ! 
Finally got the 25 dollar gift card from Hudson News for staying til 2 in the morning a couple weeks ago . It was addressed to \David\ " Butterly . LOL ! " 
I need some new music . Any suggestions for songs I should download tonight when I get home from work when I should probably go to sleep ? 
It's been a good 12 hours for food . Had an amazing Texican burger at < PROPFIRST>'s last night . Now I am eating fresh grapes and drinking fresh coffee . My taste buds are very happy ! 
Working my butt off at the new job has started to pay off in a totally welcome and unexpected way . I am wearing jeans that haven't fit me since last year ! 
I swear , somtimes my iPod knows what song I need to hear at a particular moment better than I do . Thank you , iPod ! 
So my frog tattoo that I got 3 YEARS AGO !!! keeps upraising like a tattoo does when you first get it . Does anyone know if that means anything significant ? 
I want to open up some kind of shop at belmont and < PROPMALE > and name it \If You Dare \"." 
Dear CTA , why do you cut back on the number of cars on your trains as well as the frequency of the trains ? People travel on weekends , you morons !!! Sincerely , < PROPFIRST > Butterly 
Well it was bound to happen sooner or later . I missed my stop coming home on the train tonight . LOL 
Finally off work and now I'm stuck at < PROPMALE > Park because I am sooo not walking six blocks and risking hypothermia and/or electrocution . 
Going through some serious Doctor Who withdrawls . I hope I get off work early enough to watch some tonight . 
Why would facebook tell me that I might know some random guy in Louisiana that only has four facebook friends and none of them are people I know ? 
Just found out I'm working til midnight . Sigh . But , on the bright side , I just rang up < PROPFIRST > from General Hospital !!! 
I can no longer listen to Weezer's My Name is < PROPMALE > without envisioning my friend's interpretive dance ! 
is finding out way too much about the girl sitting next to him at the financial aid office . 
A big part of me just wants to leave work and not tell anyone . It's so beautiful out tonight ! 
My last customer was over half an hour ago . Why is this store still open ?!? 
I am ridiculously immature sometimes . I just laughed my ass off after watching a NBC newscast by \Dick Johnson \"!" 
Well , I now know that getting your baby toe stepped on by a 400 lb man hurts like a son of a bitch ! And knowing is half the battle . 
We didn't start the fire ! It was always burnin ' , since the world's been turnin ' . We didn't start the fire ! -- Good fucking luck getting that out of your head ! 
Does anyone know when tucked-in red T-shirts and torn blue jeans became the style for twenty-something latin guys ? They are everywhere today ! 
Today has been one of the best days I have had at work in a long time ! And I'm getting out early ! Score !!! 
40 mins to get to El Centro from the NEIU main campus . Mondays and Wednesdays are gonna be crazy this semester ! 
Why is it that whenever I work baggage claim some weird dude always comes and hangs out in my store ? It never fails ! 
joj\ 
\ 
What is that , you ask ? Why , it's Macaulay Culkin in Home Alone ! 
I hope whoever decided to give Ke$ha a record deal dies a slow and painful death . 
Procrastination < PROPFEMALE > is wreaking havoc again ! I suddenly can't get \Ironic\ " by Alannis Morrisette out of my head ! " 
No . That wasn't awkward at all ... 
Just when my wrist was starting to feel better , it's time to go to work and fuck it up all over again ! Damn you , carpel tunnel ! 
Yesterday was fantastic . Today's not looking too bad either . Laundry , then BBQ ! 
Suddenly found myself reminiscing about Vegas . Had to change my profile picture accordingly ! 
Rough day . And it's nowhere near over yet . I still have to go home and do homework for however many hours . F ... M ... L . 
OK , everyone out there listening to music right now . Time to be completely honest . What song are you ACTUALLY listening to right now . No lying to make yourself sound cool , no quickly hitting \skip\ " to eliminate an embarrassing song . COMPLETE HONESTY !!! I'll go first : Need You Now by Lady Antebellum . \ 
New best feeling in the world : The smell of freshly cleaned sheets combined with knowing you're about to get your first full night's sleep in over a week . 
To all the parents at O'Hare today : I know this is a foriegn concept to you and I know I probably sound nuts , but how about watching your damn kids ! 
I feel like I'm singlehandedly keeping 7 11 in business . 
Hanging out with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , then bachelorette extravaganza ! 
Dear ignorant asshole , if the person you are smoking next to is wearing pink beads and a pink button that says \Team Bride\ " chances are he's a \ " fucking faggot \"." 
A customer at work just called an ATM an \A Team machine \"." 
I need to figure out a way to incorporate the word \resplendent\ " into a conversation today . " 
I just kept up at a jogging pace with four military officers for about 30 seconds . That's either incredibly amazing or really really bad . 
Electric Worry by Clutch just went on repeat . :-) 
Today is national coming out day . Gay or straight , let's support those who find the strength to come out today . 
Apparently facebook thinks that if you have Polish friends you know every Polish person in Chicago ! 
Jackass 3D is pretty good . Gets a little old toward the end though . 
Midterm for Social Policy kicked my ass a couple times over . Who knows ? Maybe I did better than I think I did . I hope I did better than I think I did ! 
Time to see how well my new work shoes hold out after 7 hours without a break . FML . 
I'm running out of 5 dollar bills , singles , < PROPFEMALE > , gum , and sanity . This day needs to end . 
It's official . Drunken old people don't know any good songs . 
Thank you to everyone who remembered my birthday . And also , a special shout out to < PROPFIRST > and the brand new < PROPFEMALE > Rauscher ! I love you guys ! 
Ok , people ! I have uploaded my pics from Leen and < PROPMALE>'s wedding and I have started the process of tagging , but only made it to the reception LOL . Feel free to tag anyone that I am not fb friends with or continue on into the reception and after party pics . I had so much fun this past weekend ! Congrats once again to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
LOL there's a guy singing < PROPFEMALE > Underwood's \Before He Cheats\ " in falsetto . It's pretty epic . " 
LOL I think someone from the telemarketing company I worked for at the beginning of the summer just called my house ! 
Ugh ! My stomach feels like I just ate half a dozen sliders on an already full stomach whilst sitting in a tilt-a-whirl next to Ke$ha . 
I'd be perfectly happy if things tasted like what they resemble . Like , why can't carrots taste like orange popsicles ? 
In this town we call home , everyone hail to the pumpkin song . 
My thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > Petersen for a delicious dinner and exceptional hospitality ! I had a great time last night . 
Happy daylight savings , everyone ! Enjoy your extra hour of sleep ! 
I don't think I get paid enough to be as bored as I am right now . 
I'm doing a trial run of not bringing my backpack to work . I feel naked and I keep thinking I left my backpack somewhere . 
If you were a status update , I'd like you . 
Officially sitting in the theater and I am very excited for HP to start ! 
What the hell is Casting Crowns and why does FB tell me I like it ? I must have thought I was liking Celtic Crown Pub or Counting Crows . 
I just heard someone say \Finally the weather reflects how I feel on the inside . \ " That is either the most tragic words ever spoken or the creepiest . " 
Have a gobblelicious Thanksgiving everyone ! 
I am F to the R to the O-Z-E-N . I hate winter . 
I love my new profile picture . :-) 
Change\ 
your default Facebook picture to a cartoon character from your \ 
childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until Monday , \ 
the 6th of December . Join the fight against child abuse and invite your \ 
friends to do the same . Do it for the kids !! 
I am so incredibly grateful to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > right now . Thank you so so so so so so so so much . 
What college has fire drills ? Seriously , I am freezing . 
is wishing < PROPFIRST > Pistorio and < PROPMALE > Marfia the happiest of birthdays ! 
I foresee a ten hour work day tonight -- at least ! 
Lesson of the day : Don't eat fries in front of a pregnant woman . 
Hallelujah ! This semester kicked my ass . I am so glad it is finally over . If only the final grades were posted I could relax . 
I just got my hair cut for the first time since mid October . So much better ! 
Final grades for the semester are in . 3 A's and 1 B ! :-) 
Why is it that every time I try to go to bed at a decent hour I wake up just a couple hours later and then I'm up all night ? 
Sick of things going wrong today . 
As I ride the train to work on this chilly Christmas Day , I can't help but feel a little bit jipped . 
I'm running late for work , as per usual . I really need to work on this whole punctuality thing . 
Must be nice to work a shorter shift than mine , take a longer lunch than anyone else in the company , and not have a single person say a word to you . 
One pill makes you larger and one pill makes you small ... and the ones that mother gives you don't do anything at all . 
Cannot wait to go back to school . It will be a much welcome distraction from the craziness that is my job . On a related note , I also can't wait for Thursday ! 
I'm starting to feel like a Starbucks P.I.M.P. ! Second time this week I got a free coffee \upgrade\ " LOL . " 
Just found out that the professor for two of my classes this upcoming semester resigned . :-( 
School starts tomorrow ! 
Anyone out there who needs a good laugh should check out damnyouautocorrect.com! I haven't laughed so hard in a very long time ! Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Oh , my God ! I'm gonna kill my batshit crazy landlord . I finally feel tired enough to sleep and she's outside calling for her cat ?!? It's 2 in the morning ! Get a fucking cat flap !!! 
There should be a Facebook horoscope app for those of us on the cusp . I am a Libra dammit ! I am not a Scorpio !!! 
School week : Done ! Work weekend : Just beginning . :-( 
I would like to wish < PROPFIRST > Fortin and < PROPFEMALE > Salameh a very happy birthday ! Let's hope their next birthdays are a bit warmer . 
I feel like someone performed a Vulcan death grip on my neck ! 
I really hope that the papers I just sent to my professors are as eloquent and communicative as my over-tired mind seems to think they were . 
I have come to the conclusion that resistance is indeed futile . The path I cleared when I shoveled earlier is deeper with snow then when I started . 
I would be so much happier right now if I had a chair . Then I could sit and do nothing instead of stand and do nothing . I hate baggage claim ! 
New best thing I've ever overheard someone say over the phone : \I think I was just compared to a fucking telletubby ! I am not happy . \"" 
Yawwwwwwn Steeeeeeetch . Wake me up when my shift is over . 
Overcrowded bus + loco < PROPFEMALE > + badly plowed street + bus driver who is apparently going senile = worst CTA experience ever ! 
CTA's not my friend today . Overcrowded bus ( again ) + vulgar rowdy HS kids + hour wait = even worse CTA experience . 
