Didn't get to go to family christmas ... STUPID SNOW ! 

I CAN'T SLEEP AND THE DAMN DOGS ARE DRIVING ME CRAZY !!!! 
NEW COMPUTER !!! 
last minute audition ? Isn't a regular one nerve racking enough ? 
it happens . things happen . life happens . 
There are pieces of me that can't be tossed aside or compromised ... I just wish you could see it . 
is lost ... chose the blue pill or the red pill ... tunnel dancing . Today was the last performance THANK HEAVEN . 
I'm so tired and I've done absolutely < PROPFIRST > . 
is sick of people being irresponsible . 
is sick of adults being irresponsible . 
is sick of people who want to be treated like adults being irresponsible . Clinique interview tomorrow !!! Super exciting ! 
Excited for Blue October !!! I have the day off and the house was clean before noon , the pups are passed out ... what should I do ??? 
You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter . 
Where did the time go ? Where did ... sigh . 
Has officially < PROPMALE > out with the most interesting men in the world !!! Men ?... lol 
Is ready to scream ... homework , school , bills , work , tv , football , the holidays , money .... EVERYTHING NEEDS TO QUITE BUGGING ME !!! 
Becoming Emma ... It's so short and I LOVE IT . 
What I miss most is knowing I could do or have anything I wanted and having the confidence and courage to try . If I failed I somehow always found the ambition to drag myself up again , but now ... 
Becoming < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Got a photograph dream on the getaway mile . 
Is thanking heaven that the holidays are over !!! 
is glad to start new . 
Champagne lace , Statistics , peacock feathers , business ethics , criminal minds ... I'm kind of ADD , huh ? So excited to see my family and < PROPFEMALE > out with friends the next two weekends !!! 
I'm going to quiet this nasty habit once and for all ! GOOD BYE GROSS FINGER NAILS !!! 
feels like poo . 
is in some serious homework hell . 
is half-way through homework hell ! 
I'm pretty sure that test made me it's bitch . 
“Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not ; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad . ” -- < PROPFIRST > Wadsworth Longfellow -- 
“While money can't buy happiness , it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery” 
“If a man insisted always on being serious , and never allowed himself a bit of fun and relaxation , he would go mad or become unstable without knowing it . ” 
“In times of great stress or adversity , it's always best to keep busy , to plow your anger and your energy into something positive . ” 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ...... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be one word ...... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ...... Don't just post a word & not copy ... That's no fun 
Homework for today -- done !!! I should think about starting tomorrows now , huh ? WILL IT EVER END ???? 
What I once was ... 
My life is a work of < PROPMALE > in progress . 
Is begging for this week to end . 
AHHH !!!! I NEED A BREAK ! 
Hell ... opps ... Finals Week ! Three more to go !!! 
Hell ... crap ... finals weeks ... two more to go . I'm just praying to pass .... no way studying is going to help ! 
?????????????????????????????? \ 
Family isn't always blood . It's the people in your life who want you\ 
in theirs . The ones who accept you for who you are . The ones who\ 
would do anything to see you smile , and who love you no matter what . \ 
~ Re-post if you have at least one person like this in your life . \ 
?????????????????????????????? 
What I would give ... sigh . 
what was i thinking ... 
Good News ? Is there ever ? 
Praying for a break and some good luck . 
Bloody Hell ... What in the heck was that ? Watson & Grint gave a valiant effort , too bad they were in the whole thing for a total of 20 minutes . Rickman was beyond brilliant , bravo .... Radcliffe your career should be over . Other than that the whole damn thing was atrocious and an insult to Rowlings sheer brilliance as a writer . That's how you end an age ? 
Summer in a nutshell : 6 credits of school , work , homework , Fourth of July , the computer breaks , attempting 6 more credits , < PROPFIRST > got a new job , work , homework on a new computer , and were broke . Yep ... that's everything . Oh I missed the part about having awesome neighbors . 
I HATE HOMEWORK ... WHEN IS SUMMER AGAIN ??? 
Can't Do Any More Homework ... I'm drowning in it . 
If I was a sculptor , but then again no\ 
Or a girl who makes potions in a traveling show ... 
We are all one people . We all want a better life-world wide . Stop judging . Look at one another in a new light . 
full < PROPFEMALE > tonight ? 
That's right , I'm dancing around like a little girl who got her first tutu ... tomorrow , someone may murder me . But i'm pretty she the look on her face before she does is gonna rule !!! 
I love daisies . Don't you think daisies are the friendliest flower ? 
Someday , we'll all grow-up . 
Good Books Should Never End 
I'll take a little < PROPFIRST > of sunshine . 
Holy Crap the list keeps getting longer . Where is this damn < PROPFIRST > of sunshine ? 
I got so much done this weekend and this morning , but still feel like I didn't accomplish enough ... back the weekly rotation of work , school , and other stressors . 
FOUR TRICK OR TREATERS . FOUR . ALL NIGHT . < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , do you not celebrate All Hollow's < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired . 
