Happy new year , motherfuckers ! 

It would seem that I have a secret admirer ... Feels very strongly like a setup ... why me ? For one , every answer I get is vague , and HOW THE FUCK did this person get my number to begin with ? I have not heard her talk , although I do have a picture ... I'm going to be very very careful with this . I won't believe anything until I see her face to face . T_T 
Looking to forget some shit . Give me a call , I probably need a hug right about now . \ 
305-603-8775 . 
Relaxing , waiting for a call from the theater . Nervous I might not have everything I need to pull this shit off . Wish me luck . I really want this to work . Other than that , always happy to have some nice chats with friends . 
I know this computer likes abuse .... I know it smiled for me after I dropkicked it into a wave of nerdy zombies . They actually threw that shit back and said in clear english that they didn't want it ... see that shit , computer ? A zombie would rather take a bullet to the head than put up with you ! I hope you're ashamed of yourself . fucking asshole . ( But < PROPMALE >...) Stfu . 
Started watching this new show < PROPMALE > . It's SICK . Check it out . 
Just got off the phone with the theater forty seconds ago . I've been hired ! FUCK YES . >:D 
Looking up guides for Diablo 2 builds involving Widowmakers . Almost overwhelming . O_O . 
Coldplay tells the story of my life ... it's eerie . I can't get enough of their music . I'd love to meet them in person one day . What an honor . O_o . 
* absent minded whistling * 
Feel very drained today . :| . 
workin on my story , getting better all the time . Just need more material . :D . 
Trip Hop - Music so psychologically stimulating and mysterious that you feel like you're tripping with nothing but music . My new second favorite genre . Thanks Mezzanine . 
Godson's birthday today . Happy birthday , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Happy Thanksgiving motherfuckers ! 
Little time to chill today , I gotta work from 4pm - midnight . Haven't been writing very much . Hopefully I get some done soon . 
Off to sell lollipops again so I can get to work . Cheers . 
Just got home from work . Maybe I should go to sleep so I can be ready for school .... 
back to work . Hopefully I'm off until next friday . the days are catching up to me . 
Another day , another creative solution for getting home or to work . : p . At least I'm off for three days or so . Paycheck coming soon ! 
What a calm song . Check this out : Exchange - Massive Attack . 
night all ! 
This malady vexes me from head to toe , \ 
for all the secrets I hide , the pain doesn't show . \ 
The things I could tell , no man should know , \ 
Should they ever discover , I'll be laid low . \ 
It isn't a dagger , nor a deathly dance\ 
if I had to name it , I'd call it a trance\ 
I don't see , I don't feel , \ 
and my wounds , they don't heal\ 
Nobody can help me , even if they could\ 
If they just understood , nobody would . 
Cops have our block on lockdown because some guy is running around wih a gun out there . Feels soooo safe to live in the house of glass right now ... 
Onerepublic - Secrets | Great song . first one in a while to give me goosebumps . 
started the task of building a new language for my characters . lot of work . >_> Should be an efficient mix of Latin , but different from anything else . 
been getting tired easily lately . there is never enough time in the day to do all the things I want and need to do . shame ... I barely even started working on this machine and it's already time to go to sleep for school . I was so sure I'd be writing more of my story , but I didn't change or add a single fuckin word . At least tomorrow is friday . 
Established a prototype system for verbs , personal pronoun structure , and their connections . finished time indicator prefixes , working now on possessive pronouns . After that it's gonna be abstract sentence structure words , then Vocabulary . wish me luck there , the vocabulary will have to be huge ... at least 6,000 - 10,000 words . 
Grrr . FUCK . Another day with no work done . What the hell . 
God damn it . I just start writing some more , and I have to go to work soon . >_<'' . It's for the money ... it's for the money .... 
Yesterday was the fastest day of work I've ever had . 7 hours was like ten minutes . Nice . Not working today though , so I get a free Sunday . let's chill , message me ! 
The following is an imperial decree : All ye acquainted with me that liveth in Seattle must compose a plan for general merriment upon my arrival in January ! That means all of you . < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Stephy , and all you other types . 
Went to this little thing on < PROPMALE > Road where everybody was a couple . It was kinda depressing not being there with somebody . 
Got my first paycheck , $215.07 . Can't wait to deposit it and get my debit card . >:D . 
Ahhhh . Why is d2 such a big deal to me ? So addictive . Can't wait to play ! 
Language development is still going well , adding new things all the time . In the process currently of constructing a digital instruction file . \ 
Looking for test subjects ! Tests include lessons on the language and using it to speak to me . In the technical phases right now , and frequent use to test effectiveness will make it better and more usable . Let me know if you're interested in participating . 
made a list of over 57 different d2 builds to make ... this will be fun . Hey D2 friends ! 10x 2-99 light scs , or 10x 1-71/ 2-9 cold ( for freezing ) scs for a widowmaker ? And should i find a hybrid for Behemoth's summoning ? 
Off to get ready for work . I'll be back later tonight . Cheers , guys . 
Easier to be alone . Less problems that way . 
Going to < PROPMALE > road to donate blood and see a movie . Later ! :D 
\No one is available to chat . \ " Story of my life ... " 
I hate < PROPMALE > T Washington . I hope it burns down the day after graduation . 
So who wants to go with me to Taco < PROPFEMALE > ? Better say in the next twenty minutes . 
That's the last of it ... I'm broke . ;_; 
Hot damn that Hennessy is the SHIT ! Better be careful with it . ^_^ 
Tired as hell . Time for some sleep . YO < PROPFEMALE > . Bug me for work tomorrow ! I'll have nothing but time to kill to write on all my projects . 
People suck .... I'll be lonely until the day I die . 
FUCK FACEBOOK . I don't have the < PROPFEMALE > for any more bullshit . I'm about thirty seconds away from deleting this stupid account . >:( 
All I want to do is cuddle and fall asleep with somebody holding me ... is that so much to ask ? 
That's pretty god damn disappointing . >:( . $163.70 for this paycheck . 
God damn . the fireworks next door scared the shit out of me . I thought somebody got shot . >_> 
Gonna be a while before I can get back on ... don't expect to hear from me in a few days . If you have my number , feel free to call . 
Guess what bitches ? I got an activated cell phone now . Call or text me now so we can check it out . 305 896 6502 can't wait to hear from you guys . 
Had the freakiest shit happen to me today ... plus does anybody want to help me with a conceptual engineering problem ? It's driving me mad . 
hey guess what Seattle guys ? Less than two weeks away ! 11-14th . on the 12th at my place is a christmas-after-christmas party . You'd better be there , and make plans ! Still only heard from two people . >_> 
Excellent news today , the stun gun is on its way , and the laptop is in its final stages of repairs . >:D . Plus I saw these videos of knife fighters ... I was like DAMN . I wanna learn how to knife fight now , after boxing xD . If only I could come up with that kind of money . 
Almost time to go back to school . T_T . Plus I'm out of money again . Fml . 
This is kind of a depressing day . Don't feel like doing anything . 
I gotta get up early and get ready for work tomorrow . My excitement is palpable ... yay . 
Turns out my secret admirer is actually a gay stalker ! WHAT ... THE ... FUCK !! This is not the vibe I want to put out ! 
This trip is not showing the hopeful indications of being fun . T_T . Three people turned down the 12th . 
GGRRR FUCKING BITCH !! < PROPFEMALE > delayed the trip by a day and we tried everything . I could kill a < PROPFEMALE > bastard without batting an eye right now . 
Trip delayed again . Feel like crying . 
I'M IN SEATTLE BITCHES ! Make your plans asap or be left out . Sorry . 
how very underwhelming . I'll chill with < PROPMALE > later today . 
Wow . Didn't have all the information to make a paypal account so I tried to back out during the creation process . Now I can't use my debit card for online purchases . Fuck Paypal ! I'm buying gift visa cards . Unless I can magically get all these stupid issues fixed ..... I can't even cancel the account because of restrictions ! 
time to go back to Miami . Cheers . T_T 
I love this IPad so far . It's very cool . A few things I would change but the keyboard is very accurate . Also been getting back into my story Pyromancer . Fantastic story and premise if I do say so myself . Too bad I have no idea how to write it without actually visiting the Big Apple . Need some motivation to keep writing my shit , both Pyromancer and Death's Disciples . Wanna help ? 
Trying to get back into D2 . Made a new account and geared up a character , but now that I'm back in Miami I have to fix a few things to play . Grrrr . So close , but no cigar . Got almost the full gear and ready to duel after a few more levels with an eager friend . < PROPFEMALE > sucks < PROPMALE > . 
... :( ... 
This long ass assembly is putting me to sleep . At least I get an easy day with no homework . 
Man , I'm an asshole when I'm sleep deprived . :( 
The laptop is back into commission . Fuck yes ! 
Diablo 2 is better than sex . Does that make me an addict ? O_O 
I feel proud of myself . I've finally unlocked the formula to creating a succesful widowmaker/grizzly summon on Diablo 2 . I always knew there was something missing , but it seems that I've found the key to finishing the character . There's maybe 3 or 4 pieces of gear , some charms , and some tough choices to make , but then after that the character is damn near perfect . It only took , what , two years ? lol . 
Facebook got a lot less important when I got my laptop . :p 
What's wrong with staying in and playing video games , rather than going out to meet strangers and spend money ? I don't really understand , especially since video games are infinitely more fun than interacting with everybody's expectations , sensitivities , uncertainties , and problems . 
Been a loooooong day . Quiet , not too much happening . Did plenty on my game , and that's about it . Off to work . 
Very happy with my druid < PROPMALE > . I was playing and holding my own against two paladins and a bowa in a free for all today , and got a killing spree of three before I got jumped . Gm private pk is the funnest shit . :D Just gotta get this god damned widow to actually hurt something !! 
Exhausting , but extremely satisfying night of pk . Me and my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > battled it out Foher and Mage v . < PROPMALE > for almost three hours . I was about to write a guide for my character , because nobody's ever made one like mine , ( which is a big deal ) but < PROPFIRST > said not to , so that the character would stay uniquely mine . Alright , I can live with that . I'll write a guide and have it on standby on my computer . 
Almost time to go . Excited . 
Feel like shit today . All my money is just gone ..... gues that's what I get for trusting ATM's . All the stupid little mistakes I could have avoided have me stuck in a horrid position and there's little I can do about it . Thanks , assholes . 
About to try World of Warcraft for the first time . Don't know if it's safe ... What if I like it ? O_o 
Facebook is suddenly very very lame . D2 ftw . I'm casually thinking about just deletin ' my facebook . :p 
' School night . ' DAMN IT . 
I'm starting to like black girls . They can be surprisingly cute once you look past some of the image and attitude . : p . 
Fuck Facebook lol . I don't talk to people anymore on this thing . 
Damn . Ugliest fallout I've had happen in a long time on D2 . Difficult to say what my part in it was . 
Today was a really good day . Almost everything seemed to go my way ... except for the bank eating my fucking paycheck . WTF . 
Coming down to Seattle march 9-14 ! Making plans for visiting the Alderwood Mall or having a party at my place . You pick , doesn't matter . First response gets the most leeway . 
Flobots - Handlebars epic song . 
Prefers cold and dark places , is burned by direct sunlight , likes to stay home , has a pale complexion and grave demeanor . Quiet , and has outwardly strange customs and wants . Has two unusually sharp canines and is bothered by neither sight nor taste of blood . Quiet allows for initial intimidation and maybe a sense of mystery . What am I ? xD 
May I have the attention of the class please ! 9th , landing and then chillin at my place . 10th , chilin with < PROPMALE > . 11th , Milkshakes ! 12 , 13 , idk . 14th , leaving early . Submit plans so that we can < PROPFEMALE > out . I didn't see a few of you the last time and I don't exactly have any phone < PROPFIRST > to pester you with . 
Having a bad day . >:( . I'm broke ... 
How it Ends - DevotchKa . Gave me goosebumps ! Also , guess what . I'm flying out the day after tomorrow ! EXCITEMENT TIME . 
Coldplay - A Rush of Blood to the Head . Wish I knew what it meant , but damn it's nice . 
Woohoo ! I'm in Seattle . Plans start tomorrow . Remember the 11th , milkshakes at the alderwood mall . Message me ! 
Revision of plans . < PROPFEMALE>'s Diner is gone , so instead I'm thinking the food court of Alderwood Mall . Everybody please bring anything from 5 to 10 bucks , if you can't I'll do what I can to help supplement . Should be fun . 3/11/2011 , 6pm . That means < PROPFEMALE > , Stephy , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and maybe a couple others . Have a lot to catch up on , so please come along . :D 
Made a funny video with a friend . It's up on youtube if you want to see it . Plus , tried the playstation Move today , it's really fun . 
Two shots of rum , two caffeine pills and some coke ! I'm feeling gooooooood ! 
My slow ass computer won't let me watch any fucking shows online . Pissing me off . 
AAAUUUUGGGHHH These caffeine pills won't let me sleep !!! My retarded cat touched me one too many fucking times and I literally threw her outside . Should have broken her fucking neck , retarded bitch . NO MEANS NO . 
Two babies in the house . Let the brattiness and endless crying begin ! I thought they got better after 1-2 years ... but no . Never ever ever having kids . 
