Happy new year all . 

werd 
Work then whatever 
Ugh stomach hurts , goin to get fireworks later . 
What am i gonna do ? 
Everyone has their own story to tell . The question is who will listen ? 
Bodyworks at The buffalo Science Museum is awesome everyone should go see it . 
Hangin with the girl all day . 
Work . THen cillin 
Chillin and what not . 
August 27th are you ready ? 
Last night was horrible .... Derek Falbo u owe me big time .. 
Beach tomorrow .. i need that 
Gotta wash my car again ... just washed it yesterday cause some people left me a little message all over my car .. Then work 
Chillin 
You can do no great things , but only small things with great amounts of Love . 
Had a close call with classes today but everything is cool . Work then chillin . 
Had a great time tonight Lil < PROPMALE > concert was awesome . 
What am i doing ? 
Chillin around the house 
Chillin ,, movin a couch then chillin wiht some people . 
Work till eight then party maybe . 
Work . Dinner with dad and homework . 
Hangin at home then back to class at 5 . 
Not in the best of moods , kind of tired but not going to bed . 
Why hello there . 
ANother late night cant sleep . SChool at 9 30 hanging around then class at 7 . 
im am such an A-hole . 
better now 
Work . Brothers birthday dinner then out to the Catacombs later . 
a headache since monday ? yea it happens . 
Just gave double red , chillin then goin to class . 
Working all weekend yea FML . 
no one really likes mornings 
Gym . shower and chillin then Fuji grill later with the woman . 
Really ? snow already , COme On ! 
I gots a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Work , then chillin then halloween party . 
Work . Then just chillin . 
El Gato dans mis pantalones . 
Work 8-4 its early wheres my tea ? 
What does the future of this boy hold ? Determined or not i'll face it with Tenacity and Diligence , so come what may , happen what shall .. Only in time are we defined .. 
hmmm what comes next ? 
3 days and im gone .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas from florida everyone . 
Goin out to City Place . 
Just another day . 
Sittin in an airport for two hours then a 3 hour flight to Detroit .. O wait then another 3 hour stay in an airport .. then finally home to the cold . 
Finally back home in the cold . 
Work 
MW2 is so ballin . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
Goin to the gym then loungin till work . 
Another good day at the gym . chillin for the rest of the night . 
What do i have in store for me ? We shall see .. 
Snow sucks .. WOrk , gym cuz birthday then hangin with friends . 
Long day at work . AM Buffalo is coming in this afternoon gotta get stuff ready . Then just chillin . 
The only greatness for man is immortality . 
MIght start studying to become a personal trainer , kind of exited . 
Got my Personal training Materials today , exited to start this Program . 
Need any help with exercising , workout or diet let me know its good practice . 
Hitting the gym , yeah < PROPMALE > . 
Still stuck at work cause of twenty people 
Aint no thang 
Hittin up the beach then hittin the gym . 
2012 Mr. Buffalo .. A work in progress . 
Can't sleep .. dont know what to do been doin some thinking , ugh what to do ? 
When you go 31-2 and destroy everyone within two minutes in CoD does that mean u play too much ? 
When you train , its not just to make you stronger it makes your mind stronger and there is no better feeling than knowing everyday you step in and train harder , you're a little stronger in both mind and body and just one step closer to your goals . 
Throat hurts bad . Hopefully be able to go for a run in the morning . 
Bored , waiting till work , 330-10 
< PROPFEMALE > got loose kind of upset 
Ever train so hard you feel like you might throw up ? Yeah . 
Another day training , then work and probably chillin with my homies . Happy Birthday Kameron . 
Bed early .. Skydiving tomorrow with < PROPMALE > Super stoked . 
One more Month .. 
Might go back to school in January . 
Super bored , ugh 
cant sleep .. 
Its so close .. 
I feel like a < PROPMALE > , sorry dudes ... 
5 days 5 friends , ONe EPIC vacation . 
Back to work all week . 
I've got an awesome girlfriend . 
Putting on 20lbs over the winter yeah boy . 
Going to compete in 2012 . Decided . 
Feels super awesome right now .... 
My friends are not like family .. They are family . Love you guys . 
Rest in Peace < PROPMALE > Babcock . We loved you and you will be missed . 
I am up at 7 why because my phone didnt turn back , it's ok though i am well rested . 
Black Ops what what 
Lumberjack mode ? 
I want an Iphone for my birthday give me money .. that is all . 
Black Ops rapage what what .. 
Its good to know that an intellectually stimulating conversation can still be had . 
We all have the tools , we all have the ability . A healthier you is closer than you think . So the question is , What's stopping you ? 
Ancient Aliens is probably the best show ever 
threw up at work havent eaten since noon i feel awful . Blah . 
Thank you everyoen for the Birthday Wishes 
Everyone come out to JPs tonight to celebrate a few birthdays . 
CPT by end of next month hopefully , then just nutrition and therapy and i will be < PROPFEMALE > . If you want my services or just have questions lemme know . 
Deadlifts ... You ready ? 
\Sticks and Stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me . \ " - O for real Rihanna ? " 
< PROPFEMALE > Wilde .... Yes plz . 
Been doin some thinking . Gonna start unconventional training starting June 1st .... Sandbags , weight vests , sleds , logs , trees , rope , and whatever else i can figure out to use . Innumerable possibilities , zero limits , nothin to stand in my way but me .. 
Wanting work to be over so I can hit the gym . 
