Grab your coat and get your hat . Leave your worries and the doorstep . Life can be so sweet , on the < PROPFEMALE > side of the street . 

misses Pittsburgh already . 
Ballet tonight :) 
is hiding out in the stockroom to avoid dealing with customers ... today sucks , I need another cup of coffee 
Don't let your heart get heavy , child . Inside you there's a strength that lies . Don't let your soul get lonely , child . It's only time , it will go by . Don't look for love in faces , places , it's in you ... Don't put your trust in walls cause walls will only 
\I need a hand with my worrisome heart \"" 
what a day ... 
is just beginning to realize how little time I have left to do the things I need/want to do before I leave :-/ 
wonders what it's like to have a well behaved dog that doesn't jump , bite , scratch , or pee every time someone walks in the door ... Jeff's coming home , keeping Reese under control could be a challenge . 
is off to Jersey for a wedding . 
had a good night :) 
We are just breakable , breakable girls and boys . 
gravity is working against me . 
oh what a night 
is thinking 12 days is a very short amount of time which will go by way too fast but with much anxiety . 
is overwhelmed but looking forward to a good weekend . 
has got the itis so bad 
can't handle it . 
forget this . Next time I'll just go by myself . 
running errands . 
I am walking through the city like a drunk , but not , with my slip showing a little like a drunk , but not . 
holy freaking crap , I'm really doing this . 
Peace out USA , see you in November . 
Is in Australia ... how weird . Going into the city tomorrow :) 
Is in Australia ... how weird . 
http://livelikeitsthestyle.blogspot.com/ if you want to follow my travels , tho I can't promise it'll be an interesting read lol 
starts classes tomorrow :-/ 
homework already , yuck :( 
is going to the rocks tomorrow :) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Slam !!!!! I have a feeling I'm could be spending alot of money on < PROPMALE > tams this semester . 
would like to have the rest of my summer back now 
is gonna cuddle with koala bears today . 
ugh , stupid homework . 
just got back from my first hip hop class ever . It was hard , but so much fun ! 
ballet and jazz class this morning :) 
is missing alot of things tonight like my puppy , Reese ; my long hair , indoor heating , high speed wireless internet , access to a car when I want to go somewhere , etc . 
Drinking wine and thinking bliss , is on the other side of this . I just need a compass and a willing accomplice . All my doubts that fill my head are skidding up and down again . Up and down and round again , down and up and round again . 
is really sad that I can't go to the Great Barrier Reef ... But I had a great time tonight at a club in < PROPFIRST > , and tomorrow I'm leaving bright and early for a weekend with < PROPFIRST > in Ulladulla :) 
it is my new goal in life to buy a house on the coast , with a balcony overlooking the ocean , or more preferably the Tasman Sea . Absolutely loved Ulladulla this weekend , I wish I could have stayed there . 
Canberra ... 
would have appreciated the Canberra trip more had it not been miserably cold and rainy the first day , causing me to be sick and miserable the second day :-/ 
feels like death warmed up . 
ugh 
is utterly pathetic . This being sick business has got to stop . 
is back to class . 
is addicted to Starburst Rattlesnakes ? 
is over this short hair thing . I want my long hair back ... right now , please :( 
is going to the < PROPFIRST > Opera House tonight :) 
\Can I stay here with you till the nighttime ? I've fallen sad inside and I need a place to hide . \"" 
I don't know what I've done , or if I like what I've begun . But something told me to run , and < PROPFEMALE > you know me , it's all or none ... I don't know who I am , who I am without you , all I know is that I should . 
damn musical rehearsals ruining what should be my break week ... I'm not bitter about it at all 
mmm steak , mashed potatoes , and corn on the cob . Now that's my kind of dinner . 
is in the outback for the week . 
saw my first big nasty spider tonight in the hallway outside my apartment and would like it very much if I never see one again . 
is ready to be done with school . I'm so sick of classes and homework , I just don't wanna do it anymore . 
it's gonna be a long week , and not the kind conducive to recovering from round 2 of being sick . 
I love nighttime :) 
is excited for opening night ! 
it can only get better , it can only get better ... it sure as hell better get better 
is completely exhausted . 
what an epic day :) 
damn this worthless time wasting shit . ughhh 
feels a sudden < PROPFEMALE > to watch Dragonball Z ... 
is contemplating 500 Days of Summer 
there's still a dead cockroach under a glass in the living room . Someone should probably get rid of it .... Not it . 
fail 
loves late nights , they're my favorite . 
misses my Reesie baby 
is watching < PROPMALE > Potter for the first time ever ... eh , we'll see 
is off to Melbourne for the weekend . 
weekends are too short . 
*$%@ ! 
has been craving an Auntie < PROPFEMALE>'s cinnamon sugar pretzel for a while now . Actually I'd settle for any kind of pretzel at this point . 
is going to the < PROPFIRST > Opera house tonight to see Cosi fan tutte !!! 
I wanna dance the tango with < PROPMALE > , I wanna ride on the wire . 
< PROPFIRST > is so beautiful , I don't ever want to leave ... 
is ashamed to say I think I enjoyed watching Twilight . However , I justify it by saying I watched The Lost Boys first , and any movie would have been more enjoyable after that . 
Mondays suck . 
I just want to play on my panpipes , I just want to drink me some wine . As soon as you're born you start dying , so you might as well have a good time . 
has developed 2 addictions while here in Australia , starburst rattlesnakes , and coffee . Seriously , I crave them all the time ... 
I just spent the entire afternoon by myself in < PROPFIRST > and it was simply glorious 
is embracing nature this weekend . Just got back from an exhausting hike in the blue mountains . Next up , camping at < PROPMALE > National Park ! 
had an epic weekend but now is very tired . 
Good Lord , am I good at not getting anything done ... Damn homework . 
Love is thick like blood , like < PROPFEMALE > . 
time wasting is what I do best . 
is burnt and tired . 
Congratulations , today is another day . It's coming crashing down to break you again . Congratulations , you can change . Sometimes when lying on your back you learn to breathe again 
Halloween partying it up tonight 
is going to the Central Coast today . 
I'm feeling dissonant and distracted . Toxic chemicals are spilling in my head and they're bleading deadly reactions . 
I finished my last paper of the semester , and I'm going to Australia's Funniest Home Videos tonight !!!! 
is singing in concert practice ... 
Where the hell did all the time go ? I feel like I just got here . 
frick !!! 
is frustrated , and in need of a massage and possibly a chiropracter . 
\Happiness isn't good enough for me ! I demand euphoria ! \"" 
is pulling an all-nighter in < PROPFIRST > just to see the sunrise over the harbour . 
baaaahh 
is in denial . This isn't real , I'm not really leaving Australia , right ? 
is headed to New Zealand for the week , then going home . Goodbye Australia , I'm going to miss you heaps . 
is back home in the USA and it's feeling pretty bitter sweet . One thing I know for sure is that sleeping in my own bed tonight is gonna be glorious . 
is contemplating the complexities of life , feeling ever so slightly out of place and ill at ease in this time and space . But , life moves ever forward . 
suuuuckss !!!! Dammit !!! 
finds it nearly impossible to go to sleep at a decent hour . 
Oh the joys of being home . * sigh * 
is losing her mind ? Dvd's don't disappear into thin air . What is going on ? 
is happy :) Funny how getting out of the house can do that . Ballet tonight , and other funtivities !!! 
Floods , oh how I missed you in the past 4 months :) 
I just want to play on my panpipes . I just want to drink me some wine . As soon as you're born you start dying , so you might as well have a good time . 
100% real life nightmare 
is feeling homesick for her Australian home tonight 
the Christmas cookie baking has begun . 
got placed in Eagle next semester :-/ 
wants to wish everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , especially my Fall 09 ASCers , my friends from < PROPFIRST > , and my Aussie mum . I miss you guys like crazy ! 
? ' s woodchuck 
needs a new escape plan . 
2009 has gone down the crapper and might take 2010 with it . 
Who says I can’t be free ? From all of the things that I used to be . Re-write my history , Who says I can’t be free ? 
Wish I could have been in < PROPFIRST > for New Years 
2010 , you have been less than satisfactory . Hoping for a better year in 2011 . 
Rest in peace , Mama . 
is going to Pittsburgh for my Grandma's funeral . 
is in Pittsburgh for my Grandma's funeral . 
Somedays aren't yours at all . They come and go as if they're someone else's days . They come and leave you behind someone else's face , and it's harsher than yours , and colder than yours . They come in all quiet , sweep up and then they leave . And you don't hear a single floor board creak . They're so much stronger than the friends you try to keep by your side . 
Does anyone who has already taken Music in World Cultures have the book that I could borrow ? 
Somedays aren't yours at all . They come and go as if they're someone else's days . They come and leave you behind someone else's face , and it's harsher than yours , and colder than yours . 
is going home for the long weekend . 
is home :) 
just watched an episode of the original Mighty Morphin Power Rangers on tv and it was hilariously awful . Good lord , I can't believe we used to watch that everyday after school . 
Peace out East-burg 
where can I get a job on campus that doesn't require federal work study , or off campus that doesn't require a car ? 
\shit on a monkey \"" 
C'mon bartender , could you be more tender . Give me 2 shots of whisky and a beer chaser . Love will be the death of me , love is so fickle . It starts with a flood and it ends with a tric tric tric tric tric trickle . 
C'mon bartender , could you be more tender . Give me 2 shots of whisky and a beer chaser . 
had a good day , despite getting up early . 
keeps spending money like I have it . 
< PROPFEMALE > is having a baby today !!! Praying for a safe delivery . 
Who says I can't be free from all of the things that I used to be , re-write my history . Who says I can't be free ? 
\The only skills I have the < PROPFEMALE > to learn are those that have no real application in life . \"" 
Ok , last time was a false alarm . So , for real this time- < PROPFEMALE>'s having a baby tonight !!! 
would very much like to move to a different state , or country where there are never any below-freezing temperatures ... I'm so ready for spring . 
is watching Inuyasha :) 
So , some people have said I either look like < PROPFEMALE > Rossum , or < PROPFEMALE > Hathaway . I'm not sure either one really fits , but I do have 3 things in common with both of them ; brown hair , brown eyes , and < PROPFEMALE > white skin . 
Ya know , it'd be nice to actually hear some good news from my family once in a while ... Noelle died this morning . I'll miss you white dog 
The only thing I hate more than driving is not having a car to drive . Makes sense , right ? I can't stand being stuck here , dammit ! 
can't wait til Friday :) 
Avatar with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , then class , followed by whatever shenanigans we can into before going to the Amadeus concert , then finally , going home :) 
What a great day , Avatar was Amazing , Dinner at Bahama Breeze was delicious , and , because the concert was canceled , I got to see < PROPFEMALE > and baby < PROPFIRST > :) 
is rearranging furniture wit my mom and going through my grandma's jewelry to decide who gets what . 
is liking my new bedroom furniture , but deciding how to arrange all my stuff is annoying and time consuming . 
Wild Turkey 101 is the only thing that made this superbowl entertaining ... Goodness gracious , great balls of fire ... 
has heartburn thats radiating to my knee caps . 
classes canceled 3 days in a row , seriously , why did I bother coming back to school ? I could have stayed home all week . 
isn't very good at this thing called life ... 
Have you ever thought about what protects our hearts ? Just a cage of rib bones and other various parts . So , it's fairly simple to cut right through the mess , and to stop the muscle that makes us confess . We are so fragile , and our cracking bones make noise . We are just , breakable , breakable , breakable girls and boys . 
is just not a fan of Mendelssohn . 
I wanna know where children would go if they never learned to be cool . Cause nothing's achieved when pushed up a sleeve till nobody thinks you're a fool . So goodbye for a while , I'm out to learn more about who I really was before ... 
I don't know what's right and what's real anymore , and I don't know how I'm meant to feel anymore . And when do you think it will all become clear ? ' Cause I'm being taken over by the Fear . 
Nothing to do , nowhere to be , a simple little kind of free 
Sometimes I just wanna let loose and let people know what I really think , but it sure as hell would not be a pretty sight to see or hear . 
Somehow my paper writing skills are getting progressively shittier instead of better . Good thing I only have one more paper left to write before the end of my college career . 
is home . 
I would get sick during spring break . Being sick ruins everything :( 
is just no good at life . And I don't say that just to be dramatic or emo . Rationally speaking , it's the truth . I try hard but I always fall short in everything . I'm the < PROPFEMALE > of mediocrity , never the best , never the worst , just that no good iffy inbetween . 
friends+wine+Scrubs = a gloriously relaxing evening 
FML 
would really really appreciate it if this headsche that I've had all day would just go away . ughh 
Sometimes I think I forget how soothing and helpful listening to music can be when I feel like crap . Either that , or I'm subconsciously masochistic , denying myself music so I can revel in my misery . 
I miss going to AJ's for coffee before class . I miss eating meat pies from the Bakehouse . I miss taking the train into < PROPFIRST > for an afternoon of unnecessary shopping . Sometimes , I even miss riding the bus to < PROPFIRST > , even though I wasted hours of my life waiting for that damn 499/492 that never showed up on time . * sigh * I miss being in Australia . 
was young and invincible once . 
is super excited to see < PROPFEMALE > Dietze in The Importance of Being < PROPMALE > tonight at the < PROPFEMALE > Playhouse !!! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! 
got my new phone :) 
ain't nothing wrong with a lil bit of trouble 
Got my new ipod today !!! 
is a big can of crazy 
Half of me wants everyone to come to my senior recital tomorrow , and the other half is afraid if you come , you're gonna think I suck . Holy inferiority complex , Batman !! 
Senior Recital todayyyy 
peace out ... 
Good friends and good music can make any day better . 
feels as though I could pass out at any moment . Its kind of a hindrance to the paper I'm trying to write . 
coming for your heart like a cannibal 
We're at the top of the world , you and I . We've got alot of time and it sure feels right . Cause you reached in your pocket and pulled out a pass that says you can take me anywhere . You could take me anywhere ... 
Sometimes , I miss Australia so much that I just wanna cry . 
I wanna dance the tango with < PROPMALE > . I wanna ride on the wire . 
has been very distracted today 
My insides are protesting life again :( 
is bored and wants to go home now , k thanks . 
Last day of classes everrrr . 
Bebop tonight 
spontaneity is glorious 
is going to delay unpacking to watch Avatar with the brother 
Its good to be home :) 
loved Kick Ass . 
is graduating tomorrow . Whaaaat ?!!! 
has graduated from college and is going to Europe in 2 days ... life is good . 
Europe for the next 10 days :) 
It's good to be home , but I miss Europe already . 
is baking some bananna bread . 
\My life has a superb cast but I can't figure out the plot . \"" 
sweet baby jesus , what a night . Wow . Thats all I can say , just ... wow . 
is restless already but still not willing to spend my time doing anything productive . 
Bitches ... what are you gonna do ? 
I don't know why I bothered getting out of bed today ... 
Life is awesome . 
Life is awesome 
got an hour long river stone massage today . It was the most gloriously relaxing thing I have ever experienced and I didn't even have to pay for it . If only I could go back every week ... 
is satified with todays accomplishments , however small they may be . 
:) 
Life is awesome , even though my mom thinks I'm the devil child and makes passive agressive threats to kick me out . 
is headed to Texas for < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding !!! 
I forgot how much I like going to Texas :) 
is listening to some Japanese traditional koto and shakuhachi music . 
\When we remember we are all mad 
Summer Fest at Barley Creek Brewery tonight :) 
Back to plan A for the evening : Food , wine , and watching How I Met Your Mother 
today was a good day :) 
has a summer job . Not alot of hours , but its a start . 
I think my liver went on strike tonight ... wth 
? ' s < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret 
I could rage like a fire and you'd bring rain I < PROPFEMALE > , til you get to me on my morningside . 
Almost forgot what it's like to have a puppy in the house . Take your eyes off Bear for a minute and he pees , poops , or chews something to pieces . 
gonna get my dance on tonight 
is baking cupcakes AND bananna bread . Yummy ! 
Lonely is born from pride , I've found . 
You've just got to go ahead and replace the captain of your brainship , because he's drunk at the wheel ! 
Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of\ 
sand , and what you've been out there searching for forever is in \ 
your hands ... 
watched Up In the Air tonight . Such a good movie . 
Can't believe I let anyone convince me to get up early on a Saturday morning to watch a World Cup game . What was I thinking ? 
I take back what I said earlier . Germany destroyed < PROPFEMALE > and it was very fun to watch . 
There's too many things that I haven't done yet , too many sunsets I\ 
haven't seen . You can't waste the day wishing it'd slow down . You \ 
would've thought by now I'd have learned something . 
suited up last night and it was legen .... wait for it .... dary ! 
is incompetent at life this week . 
is so\ 
ready to go back to Australia , or Europe , or better yet to go someplace new , \ 
like Japan ... if only :( 
Ballet tonight is gonna kick my ass . I can't wait ! 
Just about burst into tears today when I pulled out the Aussie Cookbook < PROPFIRST > made for me . One year ago today I was on my way to Australia . I can't even believe it's been that long :( 
I'm thinking brinner tonight . 
went to a demolition derby tonight . Who knew watching cars purposely crash into each other could be oddly entertaining . 
One of the many reasons why I don't cook : Seeing/touching raw meet makes me want to puke . 
loves flying . 
life is awesome . 
She had to go and call me the trouble maker ... 
? ' s < PROPFIRST > Cullum . 
can't wait to get to RI for the Newport Jazz Festival , and the beach ! 
Vacation !!! Rhode Island for Jazz Fest and camping by the beach . 
Stop this train , I wanna get off and go home again . I can't take the speed it's moving in . I know I can't , but honestly , won't someone stop this train . 
Will you keep on falling until you reach the ground of your lonely mind ? Will you ever find yourself again ?... What you see is < PROPFEMALE > wall , what you breath is silver air , but weigh this moment with a future of your dreams no longer there . What you'll see is burning black , and what you'll breathe is empty air . So weigh this moment with a future of your dreams no longer there . 
If you were on my mind , all night and day , blame it on my youth . If I forgot to eat , and sleep and pray , blame it on my youth . If I cried a little bit , when first I learned the truth . Don't blame it on my heart , blame it on my youth . 
is cleaning , doing laundry and such before going to see The Secret Garden tonight at the < PROPFEMALE > Playhouse . 
wants to sing showtunes , read Dostoevski , and watch Black Lagoon again and again ... not all simultaneously , of course . That might not work out so well . 
I am The Savior according to Rock Band . My band members need to start pulling their weight :-P 
this feels like the longest week everrrr . 
Kind and courteous is a life I've heard , but it's nice to say that I played in the dirt ... 
Multiple people on numerous occasions have either called me < PROPFEMALE > or told me I am like a < PROPFEMALE > . In the past I found this to be offensive or bothersome . Recently , I think I have come to terms with reality . Therefore I now say , hell yes , I'm a < PROPFEMALE > ! And anyone who does not treat me like the < PROPFEMALE > I am is not worth my time . :-P 
fml 
Its nice to come home from work to an exuberant greeting from my puppy dog ... except when I'm wearing white pants and holding a cup of coffee . 
I wanna get out of here . 
I'm going down , follow if you want to . I won't just < PROPFEMALE > around , like you'll show me where to go . I'm already out of foolproof ideas . So don't ask me how to get started . It's all uncharted ... 
is indecisive . 
danced on pointe tonight for the first time in about a year . Ouchies . 
There's just not enough hours in a day :( 
spending spree ... 
Rage is building up . Watch out . 
:( 
Tonight , in a moment of what can only be called madness , I volunteered to make pumpkin soup for my friends on wednessday . Never mind the fact that I've never made pumpkin soup before because I never cook anything , ever . 
Today during lunch I overheard a long conversation between 2 college guys . One of them was looking for advice because he can't decide whether he wants to date this girl he's been hanging out with , or if he should just bang her and be done with her ... Life is tough guys , so full of hard decisions . 
Contemplating what to do with my life . There's too many options , they're all too expensive , and so , I do nothing . 
is conflicted . 
When my day began at 5:30 am I should have known it was destined to be an awful day :( 
I must stop being sad and be awesome instead ... I must stop being sad and be awesome instead ... 
is out on the town in the rain . 
I want < PROPMALE > Tams 
I like it on my bedroom chair . 
Baby ballerina's hiding somewhere in the corner , where the shadow wraps around her , and our torches cannot find her . She will stay there ' til the morning , crawl behind us as we are yawning , and she will leave our games to never be the same . 
Compare where you are to where you wanna be and you'll get nowhere . 
Has 3 whole days off !! Looking forward to a glorious long weekend . 
lame 
mmm hefe weisse 
An anonymous note under the door , huh ? 
Quote of the night-\ 
Mom : \They were both Dicks\ " \ 
Shopping , dinner at Moe's , ballet class ... it was a good day . Now for some pilates before I go to bed 
Well maybe there is a God above , but all I've ever learned from love was how to shoot somebody who outdrew you . And it's not a cry that you hear at night , it's not somebody who's seen the light , it's a cold and it's a broken Hallelujah . 
Meet me at the back with the < PROPFIRST > at the jukebox . 
French men ... oy . 
sick and miserable :( 
time fore some much needed music therapy . 
I set out to accomplish one thing , and one thing only , and that was to wash about 2 weeks worth of laundry . Instead of accomplishing this , the washer caused 2 toilets to overflow and create a small flood in the basement . Fantastic . 
All night long I dreamed about being in Australia , living with < PROPFIRST > , and going to classes at < PROPFIRST > :( 
Good wine , good friends , live jazz . ? ? ? 
I hate money . I hate making money , I hate owing money , I hate that having money is necessary for my survival in life . 
hoping for a better day tomorrow 
girls night 
must clean my room and do laundry . But first ... Steelers game 
has 6 glorious days of no work . Thanksgiving indeed . 
Happy Thanksgiving :) 
I don't know why I try 
Completed my Christmas shopping from the comfort of my own home . Cyber Monday , you have been good to me . 
I'm well versed in how I might be cursed , I don't need it articulated . 
It was a rum and coke kind of weekend . 
ughhh :( 
Yay for drugs . 
... Black Swan ... I'm a little creeped out ... but I think I liked it ... I think ? 
Have yourself a < PROPFEMALE > little Christmas 
Best Christmas everrr ! 
NYC in the morning . Going to see The Nutcracker :) 
Everything is beautiful at the ballet . 
Back to work in the morning . So . Not . Cool . 
< PROPMALE > hates us !!! 
Never again . Never , ever again . 
disaster has been averted 
Over the years my closet has been taken over by special occasion dresses , tutus , and other costumes . Time to clear out and make room for some more useful clothing . 
I want the sky to open wide , illuminate this fire inside . I want the sky 
Breaking out the electric tools ; time to tear this shit apart . 
Mission : Failed 
What a game :) 
Netflix and hot chocolate + Steelers football + Voccelli pizza + new shoes from DSW + new paint , curtains , rugs and furniture for redecorating my room = a satisfying and successful day . 
I maay have just bought a new pair of pointe shoes even tho I don't actually need them . The ones I have are like new , I just don't like them . 
Has been sucked into the evil that is shopping < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret online sales . 
Watching Inception 
Don't you wanna fall asleep , forget about tomorrow . Close your eyes , but not to weep . Forget about your sorrow . 
watashi wa baka desu 
I am so ready for some warm weather right now . Enough with the snow and single digit temperatures . 
I keep thinking I need to quit my job . Why ? Because I have way too many clothes , most of which are brand new , that I'm not allowed to wear to work ... Its all about priorities . 
They woke me up again . It's gonna be another restless sleep tonight . The ghosts inside my head are moving furniture and eating dynamite . Moving furniture and eating dynamite . 
It's about time I get a snow day from work 
I don't know what I want to do with my life . Or rather , what I want to do is not a viable option . 
I would like to murder whoever it was that passed the plague on to me 
:'( 
If I listen to the sound of white , sometimes I hear your smile and breath your light . 
Cause inevitably , what you used to be was tainted by the hand of curiosity , and you will never , no you will never see with virgin eyes again . 
I would like to know who was in my room while I was gone , and why there is now a large hammer laying on my floor ... 
Hello daddy , hello mom , I'm your ch ch ch ch < PROPFEMALE > bomb 
Oh the irony of life . When all I want is attention , no one gives me the time of day . When all I want is to be left alone , I'm suddenly lavished with attention . 
Will you keep on falling until you reach the ground of your lonely mind will you ever find yourself again ? And will you keep on dying until you've finally found a better place where you find you will not wake up again ? Cause what you see is < PROPFEMALE > wall . What you breath is silver air . So weigh this moment with a future of your dreams no longer there . 
There's nothing I hate more than bartenders who serve me weak drinks just because I'm small and female and they think I can't handle it . 
If you know my destination please , buy me the fastest car and throw me the keys . Cause what if what we see is all we've got . Say you've kept some fire aside to set light to me some surprising night . And say you've locked some fire away to set light to me some surprising day ... Any day now 
I am so very sick of winter . 
Whyyyy am I so sleepy ??? 
I do not sing or dance often enough . I desperately need to fix this . 
Come fly with me , come fly , let's fly away 
< PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs the world ... 
Gonna do a little shopping in NYC . 
A day in the life of < PROPFEMALE > and Nicole : 8:15 am we survived a potentially life threatening experience , 8:16 am we spent 15 minutes laughing hysterically about said experience which caused us to miss our train to NYC . Finally made it into the city by 11:30 , we shopped for about 8 hours straight but somehow came home with only 2 new items each . Never the less , it was a great day . Life is awesome . 
I AM SO EXCITED !!! 
Reading four books in four days is a little much , especially since I am no speed-reader . I think I have some obsessive tendencies . 
Wish I had a bag of brussel sprouts in my freezer just for occasions like this . 
Life is awesome . I love my friends , don't know what I would do with out you . 
All my life I've been good , but now , I am thinking \What the hell ? \"..." 
“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the ones you did do . So throw off the bowlines , sail away from the safe harbor . Catch the trade winds in your sails . Explore . Dream . Discover . ” – < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Sometimes I forget how to socialize and function like a normal human being . I suppose spending the day by myself listening to jazz and classical music doesn't really help that either ... 
C'est merveilleux 
:-) 
Thank you for the the birthday wishes everyone !!! 
Birthday dinner with the family :) 
We had an incompetent waiter at Texas Roadhouse tonight , but it worked in my favor . My dad told him it was my birthday , but the guy completely forgot . So thankfully , I got to leave without sitting in that saddle and having everyone yell Yeehaw at me . 
If the rain and cold weather do not go away very very soon , I swear to God I'm gonna lose it . I want to lock myself in my room , curl up in bed , and refuse to move until the weather is consistently < PROPFEMALE > and maintains a 65° or above temperature . 
\I want to go there . \"" 
\You have sexually transmitted crazy mouth ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Lemon " 
Some things just get lost in translation . 
Loved Water for Elephants . Now I want to join a circus and ride on an elephant ... 
I suppose boredom can be a dangerous thing . But , it's ok , I like to throw caution to the wind . I should do it more often . 
\I believe that all anyone really wants in this life is to sit in peace and eat a sandwich . \"" 
When life tries to knock all the wind out of you , you've got to roll roll roll with the punches . 
Nobody puts Baby in a corner 
Having a job is a hindrance to having a life . 
< PROPFEMALE > Fey , “You are my heroine . And by heroine I mean lady hero . I don’t want to inject you and listen to jazz . ” 
I object profusely to being an adult and having a job . I want my summer vacations back !!! 
I feel like blasting some old-school pop music . That's right , its happening . Singing along with < PROPFEMALE > , Nsync , and the Backstreet Boys 
Should feel guilty about spending money on clothes I don't need , but I just can't do it . I ? new clothes . 
I have not taken a tap class or even put my tap shoes on in about 4 years , but today I decided to break out the shoes and dance a little . However , my dog had apparently never heard tap dancing before . She went nuts , tried to knock me over , and then attempted to bite my feet off ... Clearly I can never tap dance in the house . 
Weekends always end too soon . 
Apparently morning is the best time for yard saling . All by myself in the Delaware Water Gap , waiting for more people to show up so I can sell them things that don't belong to me . 
is curled up under a warm fuzzy blanket listening to Rachmaninoff :) 
Mmm coffee 
Yea , Hines < PROPMALE > ! 
is waffling . 
So excited :) 
I cut all my hair off part 2 coming soon 
Soon , so very soon , I will be lying on the beach in Mexico . I CAN'T WAIT !!! 
Cancun :) 
Cancun is amazing , even in the rain . Love it . 
How quickly paradise can become hell . I still intend to have a good time , but I am never coming back to this country again . 
What happened on my vacation ? Dirty Mexican thievery , that's what . Throw in some severe sunburn , some Mormons , a brush with death , really really good food , and daily happy hour in a jacuzzi on the beach , and that about sums up my vacation . 
All day long at work I make a mental list of all the things I could and want to be doing at home . As soon as I get home and sit down , I stare mindlessly , completely unable to remember any of the things I wanted to accomplish . :-/ 
And how am I to face the odds \ 
Of man's bedevilment and God's ? \ 
I , a stranger and afraid \ 
In a world I never made . 
My stolen money has been returned to me . Wooot !!! 
Since I already caved , and jumped ( shamefully ) on the Twilight bandwagon a few months ago , maybe I should just embrace my inner 12-year-old and jump on the < PROPMALE > Potter bandwagon too . I'm only like 7 book/movies behind ... 
What happens when I'm left home alone at dinner time ? Fresh baked glazed cinnamon streusel muffins for dinner , that's what ... Oh so delicious and unhealthy . 
Dorney Park todayyy :) 
Awesome tigers . 
Remember that time when I was in college and my biggest worries were getting my papers/assignments done on time , and deciding whether I could afford to skip another class to sleep in ? Yea , I think I'd like to go back to that please . 
Pittsburgh , it would be so much nicer to visit you for some reason other than a funeral . 
I ? Pittsburgh . 
I love freedom , and rule breaking , and euphoric caffeine highs . 
< PROPFEMALE > says I'm crass and utterly charming . 
YAY ! for finally gettin ' my hairs cut . Now , off to have some fun . 
The shit show must go on . 
Getting too caught up . 
Oh , how I miss Australia ;-) 
All books must come to an end , but life must go on . 
My feet are crying . 
Life is like a glass of cheap champagne being thrown in your face by your date . 
Who knew square dancing could be so much fun ? It was a good day despite the fact that my knees now hurt like I'm 80 and arthritic . 
Hit someone in the face with a tire iron tonight . Ooops 
Waste away the days waiting on a new age , but time betrays me and I get older one more year . 
Prokofiev's < PROPFEMALE > by the Birmingham < PROPMALE > Ballet . Love . Love . Love . Love . Love ! 
