damn phone 

Had the coolest dream about skydiving 
OH yeah , great summer ahead of me 
fml 
WANTS TO FIGHT !!! 
Feels sick . Fucking swollen tonsils 
< PROPFIRST > the Grouch is a douche , but Wormy is a bad ass ! 
Boredom is the grease of bad plans 
Who's your favorite super hero ? 
Trogdar ! 
freakin awesome weekend 
When is everyone back in < PROPFIRST > ? 
Muahahahahahaha ! Fear the power of my internets ! 
Green Warrior needs food badly 
if only I had cybernetic limbs 
Anyone in < PROPFIRST > before and around the 27th should come and sword fight on the 27th . It'll be sweet 
Is finding it extremely difficult to study and do homework 
Damn , I need a baseball bat or a katana in case of zombie apocalypse ... 
Sword Fighting is like nothing else 
Muahahahaha ! No math homwork this week ! Victory ! 
I think I can feel my brain melting ... 
Why do I always get sick after thanksgiving ? 
Have to love doing math finals without a calculator ... mmm mmm failure ! 
OMFG !!! Kotor MMO ! 
My stepdad and I have triumphed over technology !! 
... 
Anyone else just want to crawl in a hole ? 
Why is there so much noise ? 
Aren't beautiful women supposed to make life better ? 
I just don't understand why so many people like bad music 
nothing beats bracers and a sword for christmas 
whew ! my future seems a little bit clearer 
Holy shit ! Asuo rocks my socks ! $3200 for new realm weapons kicks so much ass ! 
Geology rocks ! Shut up , its not a lame joke ! 
Busted up hands , feels like I've been fighting for hours for some reason 
ah , dang ! 
Tell me , what proof is there , but the proof of the suffering of man ? 
Ha ha ha ! HoN , I will make you my biotch ! 
Oh my god , Mass Effect 2 was one of the best games I've played in recent memory ! 
can't freaking wait for sunday !! 
Sweet deal , MEPS on my birthday 
I bet you/it/we/they/I can't 
And now , for an announcement ! I've just joined the US Navy , and am shipping out to basic training in late October . Just wanted to let people know 
I laugh at my brother who has to do hardcore workouts while I get to play basketball for PT ! 
so ... LEGO is making a new MMO , is it bad that I think it looks pretty sweet ? 
Alright 100 push-ups program ! I will conquer you in six weeks , and then I will bask in my glorious new physique ! 
Sometimes , you feel something in your gut , and you just know it's right and that you're going to win 
Good luck < PROPMALE > , kick some ass 
Damn sickness , making me feel sick 
Finals done 
I don't understand why the lysol no touch hand soap dispenser states that there are many germs on your soap dispenser . Whats the point of getting the soap if you're not using it to wash your hands ? 
when the world comes crashing to ground ... 
Found floundering fearfully in a frozen fjord 
Come home with your shield , or on it . 
Oh man , I love google , savior of my ears for reminding me to call my mom 
Bike rides feel a lot better when you're in better shape 
lysol : it's sad that you can sell products like hands free sanitizer and toilet cleaning agents and that people actually buy them ... 
I want to be in boot camp now 
Seeing and hearing what Marines go through in boot camp just makes me want to kick ass in Navy boot camp 
Rawr 
Gorillaz in the morning , excersize later , good day 
http://xkcd.com/244/ 
Sometimes , you just need to relax for a day . 
wh47 0ccup ! 35 j00r 7h ! nk ! gz ? 
Annnd Computer caught a virus . No internet or computer games until it's fixed ... 
hmm ... three weeks is a long time for boredom 
Paintball tomorrow , haven't played in years , can't wait to shoot people ! 
So , I'm exhausted , dirty , and bleeding in several places , but paintball was worth every minute 
Teeth feel clean , but I hate the dentist 
Wisdoms are getting pulled tomorrow 
All done , fell asleep , had it done , didn't even realize it had happened . Now for recupperation ! 
Stupid teeth holes 
If there is one thing I hate more than losing , it's losing 6 times in a row due to teammate incompetence 
Muahahahahahahaha ! 
There are only two things in life : sexy , sex and boring death . 
Cooking food and picnicking ! 
Anyone in need of a bed and mattress ? 
Why does technology hate me ? 
In all likelyhood , I'll be at the end of basic training when christmas comes around . I might not get vacation time until after A-School , either , so I'm curious when I'm going to have christmas ... 
I'm a violent sleeper 
29 days ! 
Ifanyone would like to < PROPFEMALE > out , I have little more than a week till I ship out for basic . Let me know ! 
6 days left ! 
I leave for Portland tomorrow , from there , it's to basic training 
3 more weeks until I graduate . Hope to see everyone when I get back for Christmas ! 
Graduated Boot Camp ! 
Good luck Gabe , hope you feel better soon 
First day of many to come . 
Just ran a 5k , feeling pretty good ! 
And now I'm very sick 
Scored top two in my class , 95% on my test . Kick Ass 
