is leaving for Portland in an hour . See you all next month ! 

doing absolutely nothing of import . You just wasted five seconds reading this . 
has come to the realization that blue mages are one of the coolest things to come out of Final Fantasy . Think about it ; they kill monsters with their own abilities . Its like borrowing a bear's claw to gut it , seeing that the bear is dead , and keeping the 
bored , bored , bored ... Why do all of my friends live in other states/countries ? 
is being nagged about being reminded to not make others feel guilty about if he is bored or not . He is not sure if he is . This is the current official statement , liable to change . 
reading Vonnegut leads to awesome thoughts . Disturbing , but awesome . 
wants to play power hour but is too lazy to contact people . 
is being creative . Tales of darkly humorous insanity flash onto the screen as his fingers skitter across the keyboard . 
wishes to read the curvilinear hieroglyphics on the wall . First person to guess the story I'm thinking of wins a prize ! 
is endlessly going completely nowhere . 
We're shipping our computer off to be fixed tomorrow and I'll be in Alaska for most of the rest of the month , so I'll be out of touch until I see everyone on the 30th ! 
Last final today , then I will never have class on campus ever again . Wierding me out . 
saw Avatar , which is like a combination of an adult ' < PROPFEMALE > Gully ' and Custer's last stand . Manifest < PROPFEMALE > is , of course , the cause of conflict . As usual . Recommended . 
is putting yet another irrelevant thought that no one in their right mind should care about on facebook . Really . It just happened . You must have missed it . 
gives fair warning to his friends . Come February , you will be subjected to the will of my new camera and crock pot ! 
I probably won't be on much over the next few days due to New Years and packing form my flight , so Happy New Years to all and talk to you in February . ( I won't be having internet access over there often if at all , so yeah , end communique until February ) 
is 8 hours different . 
saw the British library today , really wanted to keep the est . -10th century Beowulf manuscript , but it was protected be thick glass and climate control . As it should be . 
thinks that if he didn't arrive in England when he did , the trip would have been forfeit . The runways froze just after we landed and the nation is still frozen . 
Blimey , the Brits learned to make burgers ! Either the world is ending or I'm beginning to become one of them , more likely the former . 
............ 
ventures forth . 
That is not dead which can eternal lie , with strange eons even death may die . A.k.a. , Little Ceasar's pizza doesn't go bad , it's creepy . 
will go to the Portobello market in the rain . Just to clarify , its the name of the place , not a mushroom market , though they probably HAVE mushrooms . Kind of like a Saturday market with antiques and lots of stuff I can't afford . 
My back is so sore that I feel like a newborn Haibane . Surprising that it isn't my legs , given that I climbed St. < PROPFIRST>'s cathedral yesterday for a full-on view of London . 
was tempted to spend £125 ( ~ $200 ) at the Tower of London today on a great helm . Then I remembered that I can't afford it and hope to eat when I come back . Also , I seriously want the ' Sword of Temporal Justice ' which is a real named sword in the crown jewels collection ( it's not jeweled , it actually looks practical , which is more than can be said for the other items ) . 
Goodnight all . I'm heading to Manchester tomorrow , and don't know if I'll have reliable computer use there . I'll be on tomorrow sometime between 11PM and 12AM your time ( tomorrow for me , today for you ) if anyone needs to message me . 
Made it to Edinburgh . Awesome here . < PROPFIRST > out . 
I love this city . With a passion . 
My thought of the day ; travelling through time is not the problem with time travel , the problem is that the Earth doesn't stay in one place . If you forget this small consideration you can become an unwitting ( and quite dead ) time travelling astronaut . 
I has an addiction . I buy swords . I do like my heavy rapier I bought today , I want to look at it , but the guy packaged it so heavily so I can take it back as a check-on ' bag . ' 
has begun to speak like the Brits . 
Last two days in London . Today I hunt down Crouch End . If I disappear , assume insanity and a weakening of the dimensional fabric . Have a nice day :) 
has no more school-related work . Ever . 
needs to work on the Warhammer campaign during the flight . There are some discrepancies in my original plot that need serious working out . 
is back on campus 
will be back on campus Thursday . 
hasn't been able to recognize himself since Saturday . His hair is missing :( 
Apparantly Friday < PROPFEMALE > parties are dead . Only one person came over . 
Avoid alliteration , always . Prepositions are not words to end sentences with . Avoid cliches like the plague . It is wrong to ever split an infinitive . Contractions aren't necessary . Foreign words and phrases are not apropos . Don't be redundant ; don't use more words than necessary ; it's highly superfluous . Exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatement . Who needs rhetorical questions ? 
35 liters of water , 25 kilograms of carbon , 4 liters of ammonia , 1.5 liters of lime , 800 grams of phosphorus , 250 grams of salt , 100 grams of saltpeter , 80 grams of sulfur , 7.5 grams of fluorine , 5 grams of iron , 3 grams of silicon and a little bit of 15 other elements 
taxes suck ... 
The power of fans ; last Wednesday the wish for a remake of a 13-year-old game has been heard by the president of Square-Enix . While he made no commitment , he said that the voices had been heard and the company would think on it and it's potential platform . If you do not know which game I am referring to , you are not a gamer . 
You know you are in the best club when you are the only ones allowed to claim casualties . 
Monster < PROPMALE > Tri is an awesome game , I wish I had gotten into the series earlier , thanks < PROPFIRST > Mills for introducing me to it ( although inadvertantly ) . 
Is very sure he is not the only person working on his project . 
Thanks for all the well-wishes , even those several of you that I am lousy at keeping in contact with ! 
Australia hates you with a scientifically proven vengeance ! 
