Just got back from a crazy fun night with my family . We danced and watched the elders get stupid drunk and danced and took pics of them being drunk and then danced ! What better way to hit off the coming new year ? =) Hope everyone's night was a blast ! And if not ... Cheer up buttercup ! ? 

It's the first day of 2010 ! Oh my God ! Hope this year is going to be as good as the last . =) I wish everyone peace , love , and happiness this year . Go forth and conquer ! 
Had a fun time with < PROPMALE > and his girlfriend tonight . We got Scooters , talked to a jeweler , walked around in the freezing cold , talked with some guy in front of the coffee house on 13th about Strain Theory , and went to < PROPFIRST>'s for black bean stogies . Lol . It's a always a strange time with < PROPMALE > ... 
Plans with Miss < PROPFEMALE > didn't work as planned , but they'll be reality Tuesday . Can't wait ! =) 
So ... a really depressing and lame-o birthday . Happy birthday to me ... 
I wish I knew what happened and I wish you could tell me where it went wrong . Who needs friends ... 
Super stoked for work and blood donation tomorrow ! Yay for saving lives and making hotel reservations ! ;) 
Ahhh !! Got to see the Barenaked Ladies at Ribfest Saturday night . It was kick-asspectacular ! I got to meet < PROPMALE > and got a picture and an autograph . I love those guys ! * happy dance * 
Feels stupid and angry . I'm swearing off men for the rest of college ... 
And it is true what they say when you assume . You really do make an ass out of you and me ... 
Dude ! The best show ever ! I've had a < PROPMALE > epiphany , music is my religion . It's not a fun activity I'm involved ... It's my fucking religion ! Green Day kicked ass ! They play an awesome set with \One for the Razorbacks\ " thrown in ! Hooray for the Kerplunk album ! But seriously . Anyone who didn't go ... you missed out ! Haha ! " 
When life sucks ... Who gives a fuck ? Don't let it get you down ! 
I haven't been to my math class for like a month and we only went through one chapter in that time ! No test or anything ... I'm going to kill myself ! Aaah !!! 
Dream as if you'll live forever and live as if you'll die today . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
One good thing about music , when it's hits you , you feel no pain . - < PROPMALE > Marley 
This made me lol ! “Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys . ” - P.J. O'Rourke 
Just came home from the midnight premiere of New < PROPFEMALE > and I don't know if it was because I was so tired after Twilight , but it seemed very lack luster . Some parts were good , but the movie as a whole ... Eh ... 
Says in drunk lady voice- \It's time for the percolator ! \ " lol ! youtube it . " 
Come on Chemistry Final ! It can't come soon enough ! I'm tackling this bitch down and nailing her in a coffin . Yeah ! 
Ok . Totally doing it ... I just took the 30 Day Veg Pledge and Day 1 starts tomorrow . Wish me luck ! 
Donating blood Tuesday Dec . 29th ! Anybody want to go with ? 
Had a fun day of catching up with < PROPFIRST > and cleaning the whole house . Yay for clean space to live in and a good friend to reminisce with ! =) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > to everyone ! ? 
Just got back from a fun night with the girls and < PROPMALE > . Thanks again for all the gifts ! I love all you guys and we need to < PROPFEMALE > out again real soon ! ? 
So what you feel proud of accomplishing in ' 09 ? Go ! 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... wonder if I have 20 , or more , brave friends who will do this ? :) 
Oh my goodness . I went with my mom , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , and the boys and saw the creepiest movie . Paranormal activity is unbelievably scary ! 
School starts tomorrow and I'm super psyched for my first class of the day photography . Woot ! 
Just got done hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > . Lol . We do absolutely nothing , but it always makes for fun . =) 
First day back was great . Minus the book situation in the bookstore ... Going with the ladies later to catch a movie and then sleep ! =) 
Downtime in between classes . =) Gotta love college ! 
It's Sat-ur-day !!! =) 
Ah ... I love it when I wait for three hours for my class to start and then when I approach the door , I find that dumb little blue slip saying class is cancelled . 
So . Just now , I almost hit < PROPFEMALE > Bryen ... 
< PROPMALE > win for Who Dat Nation ! All I can say is ... Woo-hoo !!! =) 
Lazer Tag tomorrow and meeting up at < PROPFEMALE > afterwards ! You should definitely go ! =) 
I wish I could go back in time and see < PROPMALE > Kimborugh play just one time ... 
It's a sad realization when a friend no longer wants or needs you . I don't know whether they're listening to someone else's fucked up opinion or because they just really don't care anymore . It just hurts holding onto that memory of a friend who doesn't even exist anymore . Not really anways ... 
Yes ! Every game I said the Saints were going to win , they have . Coincidence ? I think not . It's fate and < PROPFEMALE > at work baby ! =) 
Ahhh . As if I completely missed high school drama , here it comes rearing it's ugly head . 
Into the Wild is probably the best movie I've ever seen . I cried harder than ever in my life and I couldn't even stop after the movie was over . Seek it and watch it , you will not regret it . 
Throw away your television . 
Jesus died for somebody's sins , but not for mine . 
Rock'n'Roll is dream soup , what's your brand ? 
Summer Rains where are you ? Please come soon ! And tell your friends Thunder and Lightning they're invited too . =) 
So at the < PROPMALE > tonight they're having this thing called Ladies Night Out . I went last year and it was cool . They had an < PROPMALE > impersonator , free stuff , and free contests . If you have $5 and you have nothing to do between 5 and 8:30 pm you should definitely go ! 
I'm sick of people who talk about getting cosmetic surgery ! I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman . 
Treat a girl like a dog and she'll piss on you . 
What is wrong with society ? Apparently being a strong , mindful , smart independent woman with no boyfriend makes you a lesbian . For one that's stereotyping and secondly it shouldn't matter . Ugh . Thanks world . 
Feels like going < PROPFIRST > Supertramp , cutting up my social security card , and disappearing into the wilderness . Anyone want to commit to the ultimate freedom with me ? 
Hey yo ! You turtleface ! Yeah you . You just lost the game ... 
It seems like everything is falling to bits ... Hopefully that silver lining will glint sometime soon . 
My bedroom looks so uninviting ... It's sad to think that in a few weeks I'll be living in a different house . Damn you Council Bluffs for tearing down our house ! =( 
“Hanging onto resentment is letting someone you despise live rent-free in your head . ” 
Yay for insomnia ! Let's see if I can do some constructive work while I'm up to it ! ;) 
Lol ... No need to get your panties in a bunch . 
Saw The Backup Plan with the girlies tonight . The birth scene is the funniest ever ! And her handi-capped dog is so hilarious . It makes me feel like a < PROPMALE > to laugh at it , but hey ! 
I hate the slandering that people do . Yes people make mistakes , but so do you . Some people have said rotten things , but so have you ! What makes you such a great candidate for judging what people say or do ? Just saying ... 
Madness takes its toll . Please have exact change . 
So I've determined Facebook is a evil vortex of lies , slandering , and ridiculous updates of what people do day to day . I've still got a phone so if anything that important comes up , you know where to reach me . I'm out Facebook ! 
I know I said I wouldn't use this again but I just wanted to say I'm going to see AFI at the Sokol . Booyah ! =) 
Concert was amazing ! Mosh pit was even better . =) 
Saw the Royals play at Rosenblatt tonight . One of the pitchers got hit in the face with a ball . It was funny for like a split sec and then it just turned bad ... 
?? Oh baby baby , it's fuck time\ 
You know I really wanna make you mine\ 
Oh baby baby , it's fuck time\ 
Do you wanna stay , yeah\ 
When you look into my eyes\ 
I wanna hold you til I'm paralysed ?? 
Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > , Andie , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and Zach for a fun birthday celebration night . I'm looking forward to 19 now and not feeling so damn bad ... =) 
I just want to set this whole country on fire ! 
I should have told you a long time ago . 
\You say \ " sink or swim\ " 
Drove down Broadway and saw nothing but smoke . You know us Counciltuckeyans be partyin ' up on the 4th ! =) 
Hey ! Like this status and I will do absolutely nothing for you ! =) 
Grow up . 
Hoy estoy pensando en ti . 
There's so much I want to say , but I haven't a clue where to start . Or if I should even say it . 
has yet to go to a strip club with a wad of 1s and go clubbing at la Guaca < PROPFEMALE > . Anyone want to go so I can check this off my list of things to do before the summer's gone ? =) 
I want this . ... DO I want this ? 
Can't wait . =) 
Make room for new female behavior\ 
Her mind is set\ 
No one can save her\ 
\ 
It’s inevitable tonight\ 
She’s a tiger\ 
He’s a deer running home tonight\ 
She’s a tiger 
Oh , none for me thanks ; it'll go straight to my vagina . ... That's what girls worry about , right ? Having big vaginas ? 
I love how my walk turned into hookah , cigars , and techno . =) 
?? I wanna be your < PROPFIRST > ramone\ 
Pictures of me on your bedroom door\ 
Invite you back after the show\ 
I'm the < PROPFEMALE > of rock and roll ?? 
?? This doesn't have to be the big get even , this doesn't have to be anything at all ?? 
is thinking about making a zombie movie ... I probably won't get on it until like October or November , but I want to know if my friends would be interested in starring and/or helping plan stuff out . 
?? When I want it , \ 
You got it , \ 
So much , \ 
I'm crazy for , \ 
Your touch ?? 
Yo , 68 to Broadway , step on it sucka . Whatcha wanna do < PROPFIRST > ? Snack attack muthafucka ! 
I can't wrap my head around what I want . Or what I need for that matter . 
Got the job ! Yes ! 
Wants to walk through ICU dressed as the grim reaper . 
Dear Male Who Shall Remain Nameless , Keep your hands off my juicy booty . That was inappropriate and you did in fact cross the line . Do it again and you shall find a testical missing . Thank you . 
The new Black Keys album Brothers = Humpalicious ! 
Roller skating with the boys . It's gonna be a blasty-blast . =) 
? So take me down the road\ 
Take me to the show\ 
It’s something to believe in\ 
That no one else knows\ 
But don’t take me for granted ? 
Note of advice to men : DO NOT under any circumstances talk about another woman's chest AS she's walking by . It just makes you look like a total asshole . If you must , AT LEAST wait until she's out of hearing range . 
Going to see an amazing band and shake my rump all night long . =) 
\It sounds like she has cotton in her mouth ... And a retard . \ " \ " She has a retard in her mouth ? \ " Lol . " 
Bookstore boredom ! 
has attempted to quit her job a second time and still has it . Yay for two jobs ? 
River Riot = A fucking blast . 
< PROPMALE > out with Matty tonight . Good times . 
I'll admit it just this once . You may have been right . But that's all you get . 
?? The day you move I'm probably going to explode \ 
It's true , I'm probably going to explode \ 
Oh oh oh oh , woah oh oh oh oh \ 
You'll pray for proof , I'm probably making this up \ 
It's true , I'm probably making this up \ 
Because my body is your body \ 
I won't tell anybody \ 
If you want to use my body \ 
Go for it , yeah ?? 
Camp all day and now actual work . Bring it on ! 
?? Because of the shame I associate with vulnerability , I am numbing myself completely . Can you hear me right now ? ?? 
If you thought it was clever to ask the helpful girl behind the glass her phone number , it really wasn't . 
Gonna have a good ol ' time tonight . 
Driving away was the hardest part . I'm going to miss you . 
Work , school , work , and then school again ? Pfft . Make my day . 
Ten hours of work around classes and my day is finally complete ! 
It only hurts when I swallow hard . THATS WHAT SHE SAID ! 
Haha . ER ? Jk ! 
Dear Thursday , you tried your best but I still kicked your ass . P.S. Tell Friday it's on ! 
Football ! In a relate-able note , I'm too lazy to take my whore makeup off . =) 
Haha . Drama , you spring up in the funniest places . I just can't get rid of you ! 
needs a life away from the bullshit . Here I come to search for you , shitty studio apartment . 
had a third request for my phone number at work . Is it my nerdiness of working in a bookstore that's irresistible to the opposite sex ? 
has realized that you genuinely do not give a shit . But go ahead , TRY and prove me wrong . 
Creeper alert ! 
I don't want my fat one to explode . That's what HE said ! 
We don't do this the traditional way . We're gonna rape your churches and burn your women ! 
GTFO my < PROPMALE > son ! 
Ok this one is about you . Fuck . 
Phase ... Hmm ... Four ? of ruining my body is now complete ! This girl now has a facial piercing . =) 
Z-\I thought it was peanut boy . \ " Me -\" Peanut boy ? \ " * pregnant pause * \ " Oh ... Yeah ... \"" 
?? So I pacify problems with kisses and cuddles , diligently doubtful through all kinds of trouble , then I find myself choking on all my contradictions ?? 
?? So don't bother I won't die of deception . \ 
I promise you won't ever see me cry , don't feel sorry . ?? 
Possibly pulling an all-nighter ! =) 
Somebody should call or text me ! I'm bored . Text me something funny . 
So the eggs boiled for over three hours . Moral of the story ? All-nighter = bad idea . 
Had a great day with my family . And I can now say I've slept on a park picnic table . =) Happy Birthday Chrystopher . 
Haha . Kid asked me where the party was and I told him , \In my pants . \"" 
Hold on let me crack my < PROPMALE > ... Okay now we're in business mode . - < PROPFIRST > Hook 
?? Every night I rush to my bed with hopes that maybe I'll get a < PROPMALE > to see you\ 
when I close my eyes ?? 
We be cuttin ' deals . That's what friends do I guess . We help each other out when we're needy . Still $14 ? Lol ! 
?? Have love , will travel , Have love , will travel\ 
If you need lovin ' , oh baby I travel ?? 
Pfft . No Stranger , I am not traveling with my love to Syria . Thanks but no . 
Misses the times ... 
?? I'm on the fence , push me off it . I want to be on your side now , and keep a promise . ?? 
\Are you getting off ? \ " \ " Excuse me ?! \"" 
Something needs to happen . NOW ! 
Ah , lazy Saturday nights and Sundays . We've lost contact for awhile . I'm glad we could get together again . =) 
Going to < PROPFEMALE>'s baby shower and then off to get payed $8/hour for absolutely nothing . I love you Sunday . =) 
If they squeeze < PROPFEMALE > s to get < PROPFEMALE > oil , what do they squeeze to get baby oil ? 
If you force sex upon a prostitute , is it rape or shoplifting ? 
?? And she feels like a movie < PROPFEMALE > in your arms\ 
And she holds on for one more day now ?? 
Rode on the back of a < PROPMALE > today . I can now die happy . =) 
loves how her truck thinks it's < PROPFEMALE > hilarious to say it's empty when I just filled it with gas yesterday . 
Oh telefono , where can you be ? 
Ha . Found my phone with my awesome Native American intuition . Lol . Not really . I just checked the last place I had it . 
Hmmm ... This sucks < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Just saying . 
?? I'm just a kid and you're a walking < PROPFEMALE > store ?? 
is reminiscing about Power Rangers , pogs , old school Nintendos , Ninja Turtles , Dragon Ball Z , old school Nickelodeon , Saturday morning cartoons , and Furbys . I miss childhood . 
I eat mudkips like you for breakfast . 
is wondering what this is all about ... 
?? I'm not sure what I meant to you then , \ 
So I'm not sure what I owe you now . \ 
But if something I said hurt you , \ 
I swear it was not my intention . ?? 
is happy . Really truly happy . 
So here I am , the sitting duck . Make your move . 
Today just blew my mind . Can't wait for tomorrow ! =) 
I'm so unsure now . 
?? There's nothing in my dreams , just some ugly memories . Kiss me like the ocean breeze . ?? 
Best night I've had for a long time . Amazing Indian food , the best root beer floats ever , < PROPFIRST > Iglesias , and a banned episode of Family Guy . Plus bullshitting with the most awesomest person ever . =) 
?? I gotta come clean , I gotta come clean . Ooh , I got a crush on you . ?? 
There's so many people I miss seeing . I think this could be solved with a party ! :D 
Hey sleep . Let's get together tonight . Only this time , don't leave me waiting all night like you do every night ! 
?? If I killed a man in the first degree , baby would you , would you flee with me ? ?? 
Oh you cute boys , your car is no match for my beastly truck . Hahaha ! 
I've got a bad feeling about this ... 
Show practice until four and then two birthday parties to go to . It's gonna be a fun day ! 
?? Is there anybody on the receiving end ? Reaching out for some kind of connection . ?? 
Does anyone love Against Me !, The Black Keys , or The Gaslight Anthem as much as me ? Seriously , I wish I had a friend to talk about music with . 
If you're falling up a ladder and your canoe runs out of gas , how many pancakes does it take to cover a doghouse ? 
If you're looking for sympathy , you'll find it in the dictionary between \shit\ " and \ " syphilis \"." 
I find myself wondering ... Will I ever make up my mind ? 
?? Anxiety , anxiety , you give me no mercy . Grind my teeth smooth and flat in my sleep . ?? 
Attention all drivers or drivers who like to pretend they know what they're doing : I have just two things for you that you may need to learn or brush up on . 1 . They paint those lines on the road for a reason . Stay on one side of the line while driving . And 2 . Green means go , red means fucking stop or someone else who has a green light is going to hit you !!! Thank you and have a nice day . 
Sometimes I have no clue what to do with my life ... And then I just dance ! =) 
I don't like you very much , Inventory . You can quickly go to hell for all I care . 
Oh , you think you know me ? You don't even have a clue . I'm so amazing , you'll never even begin to understand . ? 
< PROPMALE > Buscemi is a fox . Just saying . 
8 inches . And sometimes 7 1/2 inches ... =( 
Wow ... Go fuck yourself ! 
If you don't take me seriously , I won't take you seriously . If you don't respect me , I won't respect you . It's always a give and take . What makes you think you'll get what you want if I don't get what I need ? 
Your silly mind games have gotten the best of me . So I choose not to play them anymore . This is the screen before the credits start rolling : Fin . 
What has 142 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk ? 
You don't like me . At all . Well it's really kind of unfortunate because honestly , I could care less . Save your drama and bullshit for someone else sweetheart . 
loves being handed money she forgot she had lent to someone else . =) 
?? Your vows of silence fall all over , \ 
The look in your eyes makes me crazy ?? 
I have a plan ! =) 
Yes ! Old flannel pajama pants for the win ! The only good thing about the cold . 
A full day of cuddling up in blankets sounds amazing right now . 
A night in with < PROPFEMALE > . We have Dominos and a copy of RHPC . SUCCESS ! 
It's Friday ! ? 
?? So where did you go ? Come back and finish me . But you're just a moth , so make a nuisance of ... yourself ! ?? 
Can't wait to see the guys win this game and make it to playoffs for Nationals ! Undefeated ! 
According to my dad , all you need is beer . Whatever happened to love ? 
Sometimes I find myself wondering . But then I wonder ... Am I the only one wondering ? 
Jacqualyn < PROPFEMALE > , I too wonder if you're wondering , you're wondering about wondering . It's a mystery . But I wonder ... 
?? I'm approaching with great trepidation . I hope you understand . ?? 
< PROPFEMALE > Harrold , thank you for introducing me to Dr. < PROPMALE > Bass and his works . I now have new information to entertain myself with . 
Say what you need to say so I don't have to guess anymore . 
To Duke Whiskers of Timbuktu : You are one smelly dead cat . I am glad we don't have to see you again in lab for at least another semester . 
Probably not sleeping tonight . Too much stress and worrying . 
You are ridiculous . You've made my shitty week even more shitty , so congratu-fucking-lations ! You win . Is that what you wanted to hear ? 
Cafeteria adventures in the hospital with my cuz-bro at 3 am . =) 
? I'm sick of the things I do when I'm nervous , like cleaning the oven or checking my tires . Or counting the number of tiles in the ceiling ... ? 
could spend all day in the library . ? 
?? When I'm bored , I send vibrations in your direction through the satellite mind ?? 
I've been too scared to admit it but ... I'm in love . =) 
loves catching up with friends . Through all the bad shit , we still end up making it work . ? 
?? So I thought I’d let you know . That these things take forever , I especially am slow . ?? 
Haha . You deleted me as a friend ? Maybe you should grow some balls , which you apparently don't have , and quit acting like a little drama < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFIRST > Hansen- \So what do you want to talk about ? \ " Me- \ " ... Ummm . Idk ? \ " < PROPFIRST > - \ " Let's talk about chicken . \ " Me- \ " Sure . So have you heard about this Kentucky Fried stuff ? It's amazing ! \"" 
Cool things I found whilst cleaning : some incense I got in the Old Market awhile ago , my old made for tv Pac Man game , my magic 8 ball , green colored duct tape , different colored shoe laces that I will now be using , and some old notebooks from high school . It's a good day . 
?? I'm in so deep , you know I'm such a fool for you . You've got me wrapped around your finger . ?? 
Thank you to all of those who have served for our country . Happy Veteran's Day ! 
Discovered < PROPFIRST > Bentzinger can speak fluent gay . 
is loving the snow ! =) 
Maybe there's a reason I don't respond well to your pickup lines and cheap attempts at coming on to me . I'll let you figure that one out on your own . 
Haha wow ... Boy , do I feel stupid . 
Can hardly wait for a whole list of things . =) 
Dropped < PROPFEMALE > off at the yard and now some Fratellis until my only class of the day . I love you Friday . 
I don't know if it's my current mood or that I've been in the right place at the right time ( or wrong place at the wrong time , however you look at it ) , but I've seen and heard the most hilarious stuff ! And this day isn't even close to being over . :D 
I was right ! < PROPFEMALE > Walkingstick and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > were wrong . =) 
Maybe . 
?? Whatever poison's in this bottle , will leave me broken sore and stiff . But it's the < PROPFEMALE > at the bottom who I'm sulking at . He owes me one last wish ! ?? 
Maybe I've been going about this all wrong ... 
?? So tell me when it's time ... ?? 
Performance tonight . Can't wait ! :D 
I'm not that kind of girl . Maybe you never realized that before ... 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I'm thankful for my family and my friends . You've all stayed beside me through thick and thin and we've all shared special and amazing moments galore . I simply wouldn't be who I am today without you guys , so thank you . ? 
This is my favorite part of any holiday . The relaxation after the cleanup . Ahhhh .... =) 
Definitely a night to remember . Fuck you holidays ... 
Boy , you need to give it up ... 
is a nice person until you fuck with her . Do yourself a favor . Don't call me and don't text me . I don't feel like putting up with your bullshit any longer . 
is excited to go back to school tomorrow . But only because the end of the semester is rapidly approaching ! =) 
?? Baby , work me , ' til I won't look on . Baby , work me , ' til I won't no more . ?? 
There's definitely good times ahead . Looking forward to Utah this weekend and joining AmeriCorps . Pretty soon semester will be over and January will be here . :D 
?? I don't need no luxuries , as long as you are understanding . I'm not difficult to please . Act nice , act nice and gentle to me . ?? 
is starting to lose faith . 
In Iowa , a man with a moustache may never kiss a woman in public and one-armed piano players must perform for free . It's the law . Just letting you guys know . XD 
?? We'll have Halloween on Christmas . And in the night we'll wish this never ends , we'll wish this never ends . ?? 
cannot answer your message or comment . She is away having fun on a trip to Utah . Please leave your message after the beep . (( beep )) 
Gah . I could live here . 
Ridiculous . It's all i'm saying . 
Home , we're coming home again ! 
What a welcome . Thanks . 
Maybe this just isn't worth it ... Maybe what they said was right ... Maybe ... 
I've got my war paint ( makeup ) on . Let's do this . 
Send me a number and I'll tell you what I think of you . 
1111111111111112222222222222222223333333333333334444444444444444445555555555555555555555556666666666666666667777777777777777777777777788888888888888888888999999999999999 you are ridiculous for this long ass number .. You make me laugh everytime I'm around you and I think you are an adorable person all around . And just know I'll always have your back . If that bimbo ever insults you again , she's going to be eating fist . 
77 . You're a cool cat , I've always thought that and I'm super glad you joined IWCCRMB this year . You rock the drums hardcore , as always , and you're super hilarious . Never change who you are , because you good sir , are awesome . 
1111 you are pretty freaking cool . I'm glad you are a friend and I love being in cg with you . You're the cutest thing since ... Well ... Since ever . You are an awesome friend and fellow entertainer and I can't wait for our winter guard season because I know with you there , it will be pretty freaking awesome . 
2419 you are one of my best cousins and I know I can trust you with anything . Except for that time you told on me when I was drinking . Not cool . Lol . But in all seriousness , you're one of my favorite family members to talk to and one of the funniest people I know . I love you and I wish you would bring the youngins over more often . 
19 not gonna lie , you are pretty freaking adorable . You're a cool ass guy that can make me laugh and I love when you come into the store because it always means good times . I definitely think we need to < PROPFEMALE > sometime . 
2043 I admit I didn't know you enough to really say anything in depth . From the group we < PROPMALE > out in high school with , I always thought you were one of the funniest cats . You always seemed to be a very sweet person and hearing of funny things from mutual friends about things you said or did , I regret not getting to know you better or hanging out with you . 
1112 I miss you so freaking much ! I always thought you to be well-dressed and adorable all around . Plus we rocked out to Moulin Rouge many a time , so you get extra points in my book . Apart from missing your cute little adorable face , I miss the times we had in show . Those were the days ... 
2012 nice choice of number . Lol . I don't really know you very well , but I think you're pretty cool . And from the few times I was around you with other friends , you were pretty hilarious . You're super pretty , but don't act like a cocky ass . So that's a good thing . Keep that . 
15 I have so much respect for you over things that happened recently . You are legit when it comes to the word friend and I love talking to you . I also love how adorable you are , having your own dressup days and such . I love that you're a great listener and you're one hilarious < PROPMALE > . I love you chica ! ? Don't you change . 
1991 you guessed right . Lol . I freaking miss you bunches . I always loved shooting the shit with you and you always made me laugh . And not gonna lie , I always thought you were a stoner before you actually became one . XD But I love reading your statuses and I hope we can get together with some friends and have a good ole time like we used to . 
Eleventy billion I don't really really know you , but I think you're the flippin ' awesomest thing since sliced bread . You're extremely beautiful , but still have this < PROPFEMALE > of \I'll kick your ass if I need to\ " . I love that we have similar music tastes and I miss you being in choir . You were an awesome alto . Come back ! Oh plus you have cool points for life for doing roller derby . " 
4671/32 or 145.96875 words cannot express what you mean to me . You are truly my sista from anotha mista . You've been in my life for ... six years now ? WOW . And I can honestly say without you in my life , I would not be who I am now . You always listen when I have crazy stories to tell you and offer a shoulder when I get my feelings hurt . 
725 you are awesome . Who would have known one of my best buds would come from working in the bookstore ? There's never a dull moment with you . I think you are spifferific and one of the funniest cats I know . But sometimes I think you make some funny ass goofs like (( points both fingers and laughs )) . And you were the first dude to try and teach me how to throw a spiral . Which I still fail at ... 
143 I miss having guard with you . You were one of my favorites because you weren't all drama < PROPFEMALE > like everyone else seemed to be . You were always so laxed and chill and easy to talk to . Plus I have tons of respect for you for kicking some ass with me that year . We tried our best . 
96 not gonna lie , I wasn't sure if I'd like you at first . I thought you were going to be one of those annoying freshman , but instead you redeemed yourself when we were doing All-State . I think you're hilarreal and I wish we would have < PROPMALE > out more in high school . I also think you were one of the best kick ass sopranos I've ever met . =) 
9002 you are THE funniest person I have ever met . And I mean that . You'll always be favorite < PROPFEMALE > pack-toting < PROPFEMALE > . I miss being in show with you because you made it so much fun . Now it really isn't so amusing and crazy ... But I also think you're son is blessed to have you as a mother . He's going to grow up being THE coolest kid EVER . I ? you bunches ! 
333 you are so super cute ! I think you're one of the best dressed guys I know and you never fail to make me laugh in class . I also think you're awesome because you can pick me up with ease during our lift . :D I'm also really sorry about that time I forgot to give you a ride . I'm always going to feel bad about it ... 
Dear Facebook friends , You all just lost the game . Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Can't wait ! :) 
Dear Finals , you've been waiting to give me hell all semester and I've been terrified of what you might bring . But now all I have to say is , bring it on bitch ! You ain't got nothing ! Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > 
I wish I could hear these things from you and not someone else . Feeling pretty stupid right about now ... 
I may have only got in 4 hours of sleep in the past two days , but I'm feeling pretty awesome right about now because this girl is officially done with finals ! :D 
Thank you creep guy for clearing off my stairs and the entire driveway . It was very nice , but you still creep me the fuck out . 
I love Sumayyah Muhammad and < PROPFEMALE > Casper ! You guys rock my world . Just thought I'd throw that out there ... :D 
Red Ryder BB Gun and homemade < PROPFEMALE > mash for the win ! :D 
Crazy < PROPFEMALE > Casper is pretty much crazy . XD 
Off to the Asian Market with Jerrid Skittles Rayas ! Yummy pho to be made . :D 
That's cool . If you can pretend , so can I . 
It was good seeing you , Senor < PROPFIRST > Hook ! We need to do something fun soon . Like sledding ! So hopefully we get some snow ... =) 
?? He used to do surgery For girls in the eighties , But gravity always wins . And it wears him out ... ?? 
Take me back to the start . 
Definitely had a great Christmas with her family . ? Can't wait for other family members to come home soon ! :D 
?? With these things there’s no telling , \ 
We just have to wait and see . \ 
But I’d rather be working for a paycheck\ 
Than waiting to win the lottery . \ 
Besides maybe this time is different\ 
I mean I really think you like me . ?? 
I forgot how much I love winter break . Now I wake up at 7 am and realize I have a whole day to do whatever I want . :D 
My Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and cuz-bros are back in town . Now I have people to annoy once again . ;) 
Drove by the old neighborhood . Everything's gone now ... =( 
If love is shaving someone's ass , I'm seriously reconsidering the people I say I love . 
thinks we need more snow . There has yet to be decent sledding conditions . 
My New Years Resolutions : To be more patient and to make more friends . Because losing weight is overrated . 
I can't shake this feeling of excitement . I don't know what it is , but I feel like something really good is going to happen . :D 
is fuming . 
Haha . I'm just another person , no one special ? Fuck you , dude . You have no idea what I'm about or who I am . Too bad for you . Your loss . 
I pour my heart out and you somehow seem to find a way to make it about you . Yet again . I guess it shouldn't surprise me ... But it's cool , whatevs . I'm cleaning my life up and it started with you . 
?? Te regalo mi cintura y mis labios para cuando quieras besar ?? 
New semester starts tomorrow . :D 
Hello 5 am . We haven't seen each other for quite sometime . Looks like we'll be doing this a lot more often ... Remind me to get some coffee . 
The perfect way to end a day of 13 hours at work ... Got to see the most precious thing on this earth . Welcome to the world < PROPFIRST > Aiden Cisneros . Congrats to my sis Zuleyma Espinoza and her hubby < PROPMALE > . You guys did a wonderful job . 
Kato . Mmm ... 
Here we go again . 
Pay day tomorrow ! :D It's been long overdue ... 
XD I thought this day would never get here ! 
This is crazy . 
Haha . I love my life . 
To any friends that may have questions about buying books , don't ask me . I may work in the bookstore , but when you ask me questions after I get off work or text and call me because you're scared or too lazy to go in and ask someone else it becomes work for me . So don't ask me unless I got the apron on . Just saying . I love you guys and all but ... Just don't do it . 
Best night in a while . =) 
i think im in love with woman ,,,,,,,,,,, no joke 
All these sad songs make me miss you . :/ 
Go Packers and Steelers ! :D 
Grrr . 
If someone wants to bring me hot chocolate , it would be greatly appreciated . I promise to throw some pants on and sit and chat with you . 
Aha . Boredom for the night cured . Date night with my favorite person . ? 
When life gives you shit ... Throw it in a paper bag , set it on someone's door step , and light that bitch on fire ! 
SOS . If you're a friend , I need you . 
Already counting down the days . 
\It looks like Chewbacca ... I want it . \"" 
Angry chick rock on this girl's < PROPFIRST>'s Day . ? 
Time to get back into the groove . 
loves seeing that someone purchased songs on my iTunes , with my card , and didn't even ask me ! Thanks . 
just feels like saying ' fuck you ' today . 
is going out to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Doonan , < PROPFIRST > Loreley Marshall'e , and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Can't wait ! XD 
Things are going to get a lot worse before they get better . 
< PROPMALE > Petty knows just what I need today . ? 
Chupa mi verga . Haha . < PROPFIRST > Courage Perrigo agrees . XD 
Hell hath no fury like me . 
I like my coffee like I like my men . Strong and sweet . 
Here I am at home alone again . I guess this shows how much I mean to you , you fucking liar . 
Today my heart swings . 
About to dance it all away ! :D 
Bitches don't know bout these hips ! 
Sometimes I wish you cared about me a little more than her ... 
feels like she's fallen in love with an imaginary friend . 
Y si eres gorda o flaca , todo eso no me importa a mí . \ 
Y tampoco soy perfecto , sólo sé que yo te quiero así . 
doesn't know what to think anymore ... :/ 
Just you wait ! :) 
Do you kiss your mouth with that mother ? 
loves that she now has the option to wear a skirt or dress . XD 
had a swell time with < PROPFEMALE > DeLong ! Now I can't wait for Spring Break . Two more weeks ! :D 
Interesting night ... Gotta love those Saturday nights when you initially had nothing better to do and then it becomes random ridiculous shit . XD 
My life is one big fucking soap opera ! Hey God , anytime you feel like flipping to cartoons or Comedy Central , I'm all for it !!! 
Watching a little < PROPMALE > before bed time . There's only a few things in this world that can make me truly happy . ? 
Got to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > Starkiller < PROPMALE > , Jerrid Skittles Rayas , < PROPFIRST > Ziggy Kilmer , and < PROPFIRST > Courage Perrigo tonight . The two most popular words of the night : < PROPFEMALE > and shit . Hmm ... Gotta love good friends . 
?? And you can stand right there if you want\ 
But I’m going on \ 
And I’m prepared to go it alone ?? 
“Strength does not come from physical capacity . It comes from an indomitable will . ” 
It's so flippin nice out ! Who wants to frolick in the sunshine with me ? :D 
I say fuck you to the both of you . You can believe what you want to believe but I've only ever told the truth . I give no fucks any longer . My life is much better without your conniving and manipulations . So thank you ... For nothing at all . 
Turning a new < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Spring break ! XD 
Is in love with Colorado . <3 
Going to see my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > in < PROPFEMALE > today . So excited to see the boys ! XD 
On our way home from Salt Lake . Let's do this ! 
Wants to get out of the damn car ! 
Glad to know you lied to me and you're happy to start your new \family\ " . Sincerely- The Cast Off " 
She was right about one thing . It's going to rain more before the sun comes through . 
You can stop trying to shoulder the guilt and coming to me with your tears . You already pushed me away a long time ago . 
Interview at Children's Square today . Wish me luck ! 
Work , why you be so boring !? 
In a rather confrontational mood ... :/ 
No retreat , no regrets . Meet me by the river's edge . Gaslight Anthem <3 . 
