is hoping for a better year and can't wait till 20102605 !!!!!!!! 

wants to leave with her brother tomorrow ! I would so rather be in Texas than deal with any more school ! 
ok , so my previous account was hacked and I didn't want to deal with all of the bugs so ... yeah , i made a new one :) 
ummmm .... so , i think its bed time .... 
........ STUPID !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
going to bed is really hard when you are laughing .... thanks ... oh , and anyone who can come up with some good pet names , just let me know . I am in need of a few ;) 
blah ....... 
sporty or good MPG .... not so easy to choose . 
is going to paradise for a while :) 
is afraid that if she falls asleep , she won't get up . 
Showering and then starts the all nighter because there is now way i will go to school if i sleep . 
is so beyond ready for it to be June 8th ! 
is beyond tired and is so not going to be able to stay awake in church . 
loves the word DOTS ! Stands for Depend On The Savior ! :D 
is reveling in the fact that I don't have to do anything about my bed head ! 
is finding that I really enjoy < PROPFEMALE > folk music .... 
is still up ! crazy ! I guess thats what happens when I am talking to a good friend who was still up ... :) 
is going to bed ! and ps .... sometimes i really don't like my job ! 
is finding herself focusing on the things that really matter and yes , my car did me good , but I attribute the fact that I am still here solely to GOD . He has a plan for me and it wasn't my time to go . 
blah ... 
is so proud of herself ... she actually found time to clean her room ! I made my sis pretty happy too :) 
If anyone is interested in a pink formal dress ( perfect for sweethearts ! ) I am trying to help a friend sell hers . It gorgeous , comes with a shawl and is only $75 . Its a size 12 but runs small . 
uhg ! no more late .... morning .... talks with mom . They make for the wierdest dreams ! 
is completely and totally in LOVE with my life and wouldn't change a thing about it ! I love my family , friends , school , work ( sometimes ) and just about everything else ! Including my bed :) 
< PROPMALE > IS HOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is super duper excited for tonight and tomorrow ! 
has plenty of chocolate :D 
is finding it funny that as much as I want nothing to do with a person , I would still be there for them in a heart beat if they needed me . 
is in the process of getting all of her pictures back . This might take a while .... 
finally got that video up :) 
loves tweety :) 
has a strong dislike for feeling disoriented all day long and then having to go to work through it all . This is going to be a long and fairly uncomfortable night . 
can sum her life up in one sentence . I WANT TO GO TO BASIC ! 
misses < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
life is getting pretty crazy really really really fast and I haven't caught up yet ! AHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! 
hmmm ... according to the army , I am over weight by about 5 pounds ... I thought it wasn't healthy to be a stick ... hahaha ! 
??? Hey , you know they're all the same You know you're doing better on your own So don't buy in , live right now Yeah , just be yourself It doesn't matter if that's good enough for someone else !??? BEST SONG EVER ! 
sometimes the right thing to do can feel so wrong . It's a waste for sure but I need a break . 
needs some good songs ... any suggestions ? 
loves Safetysuit ! 
is absolutly disgusted with the behavior displayed by people who are supposed to be about respect . You will get back what you dish out and even if they don't respect you , be the bigger person . This goes for everyone . 
“To be one , to be united is a great thing . But to respect the right to be different is maybe even greater . ” 
to quote one of my dearest friends ... \I flirted and it was ... MAGICAL ! \ " hahaha ! " 
is pretty dang excited for Friday :) 
is having second thoughts .... 
just found my alltime favorite song from when I was little !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this totally makes my day ! 
strike one , lets see just how much trouble he can get himself into ... 
is gonna go a lot of driving today . Its a good thing i love my siblings ..... 
relies way too much on technology but I love being able to put information into a computer and have it spit something that looks good out rather than using glue and such . 
is realizing just how much i am missing < PROPMALE > .... < PROPMALE > , you need to come home as soon as you can just to visit please ! 
is finding the very thought of tomorrow terrifying ! oooohh , not excited at all .... =( 
two hours and I don't even have two pages . I am pathetic 
GIVES UP !!!!! 
an hour and a half later and I am at 4 full pages .... how in the heck am I supposed to come up with 2 more pages of stuff ??!!! 
Tomb by Allred . Good song ! 
is sick of playing the same game over and over again . I have had enough of it ! 
is going to plead the 5th =D 
the inability to sleep is driving me crazy ! So much to think about .... like what I am going to do with my paid time off and where I am going to go .... can't wait for spring break !!!!!!! 
HATES SPIDERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PERIOD !!!!!!!!! PLAIN AND SIMPLY THE MOST VIAL CREATURES ON EARTH ! I really don't think sleep will be coming soon .... 
hates falling for someone you know isn't going to be there to catch you .... oh well . life moves on 
made orange chicken for her family today and it was pretty dang good . I am getting better at this whole cooking thing ! 
loves books you just can't put down ! 
needs to get my graduation invites out ..... ah ! 
came home to find a bunch of < PROPFEMALE > and chocolate sitting on her bed .... :D YAY ! 
hates having wierd cravings ! i never know what i need to satisfy them ... oh well , chocolate always seems to to the trick :) 
can't wait for my next pay check ... its the only reason i am actually going into this next 9 hour shift with a somewhat possitive attitude . 
whoa .... i have a social life ... whoda thought ? ;) 
is just plain happy ! too bad spring break ends soon and i have to go back to being a highschool teen ... bleck ! 
is amazed at how such small and simple things can turn a not so good day into something sooo much better :) 
is sooo dead tired ! 4 hours of sleep is just not doin it for me ! 
has most definately found her body's limit . i feel horrible ! 
really loves her job ! sometimes .... 
finally found the song that I have been looking for for almost 2 hours ! 
is trying to sort a lot of things out in my head ... its not working . 
really hopes she can function tomorrow . soooo tired .... 
< PROPFEMALE > phillips will be at the wellsville stake center at 7 for a fireside for all those who want to come . 
has the best friends ever ! period ! no arguing ! i will win ! they sat outside my work for almost an hour just to see me :) i love you guys ! 
not liking where i'm at right now :( 
work was ridiculous tonight ! i really wish that we could get extra people to train newbies instead of just throwing them in and expecting them to know what the heck they are supposed to be doing ! 
is greatful :) 
is covered in pink fuzz !!! ahhhh !! hahaha ! 
loves my family !!!! 
is hoping her dreams take a more normal route tonight ! haha though some are entertaining , others are just twisted ... 
due to some complications and whatnot , i am no longer in the army . just to let everyone know . but on the up side , i am officially going to usu !!!! shaweeeeeeet ! now i just need to figure out what classes i wanna take ... 
is finding it scary that i am so close to the rest of my life . mutual today helped prepare us for our < PROPMALE > charming . well , i only have one thing to say about that . he had better park his horse in the stable because i am soooooooooooo not ready :P 
kinda enjoyed walking around outside at work :) it should rain mud more often :) 
is pissed . end of story ! 
is soooooooo tired ! bah ! 
just got a call from a woman in texas about my army enlistment ... haha ... her accent was great ! 
ah ! so busy ! so much to do and soooooo little time ! i can do it though :) 
is finding the fact that i might move out a little sureal ... 
is not liking the balance of my bank account :( I really need to refrain from shopping ! haha but I did good :) cute clothes are so worth it ! 
misses him :( 
14 days until the last day of school , 15 till lagoon and 21 till it all comes to an end ... SWEEEEEETTTT !!! 
hate blood , hate blood , HATE BLOOD ! 
thinks that i am going to escape for a little while once school is out . i don't think i wanna move out for the summer . not ready . 
loves her moms ! yes , i have 2 and i love them both ! i don't know where i would be without them ! 
has lost all function of her finger :( 
loves my family and is sooooo glad i got to see my uncle and aunt today ! 
just dyed her friends hair .... haha ... gotta love purple ! 
has had an amazing day ! aside from a few hiccups , the ap test was pretty easy and lunch was amazing :) the best part had to be the company though ! plus i think dying hair is quite the adventure :) 
is going to try not to fall asleep in school tomorrow ... or today seeing as how i will be getting up for school in about 4 1/2 hours . blah ! only 7 days left !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
no going back now .... ah ! :) i hope i get this ! 
loves stars ! their gorgeous tonight ! 
is waiting .... its a good thing i am not impatient ... 
is freaking out !!! my baby brother is 4 ! weird !!!! he is such a citue though :) i love him ! happy late bday < PROPMALE > ! 
is never eating again ... i am still sooooo full ! i think my stomach is shrinking :( 
is going to totally wing it for her presentation in Eng 1010 . yippee .... 
is paranoid ... oh so paranoid !! haha :) 
definately a bittersweet goodbye ... 
just found out that my favorite teacher of all time is retiring this year ! the same year i graduate ... haha ! Mrs. < PROPMALE > is amazing ! 
oops .... haha oh well . hopefully my siblings won't hate me in the morning ;) 
can't wait to get a new job ! i am sooooo sick of this ! i have worked here for over 2 years and i know how to do my job ! i also know how managers should act and this is bull crap ! 
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!! :D :D :D :D i have an interview !!!!!! aaaaaahhhhhhh !!!! 
has a new boyfriend and his name is shi . but hes not so shy ... hahaha !!!! 
well , i have officially confirmed the fact that my coworker is an absolute idiot and can't drive to save his life . one day , he is seriously going to kill himself :P SOOOOOOOO DANG FUNNY !!!!! 
is an adult .... applying for an appartment , entering managment ( maybe ) and graduating tomorrow ... bring it on !!!! 
got the promotion and I go there the 14th :) I am sooooooo excited , nervous , scared out of my mind and sooooooo ready to go ! 
gets to go to lunch with my dad ! 
is sunburned , killed my thighs and is suffering from insomnia . other than that , i am A-OKAY :) 
is finding life very boring . 
things to save for .... 1- an apartment 2- a laptop 3- a camera 4- what ever other random thing life seems to throw at me such as stupid car problems ... grrr ... I love how money seems to play such a huge roll in my life . I want to become a professional bum and live off the land . Yep ... S 
found a house !!!! its so cute !!! hopefully i will be out in 2 or 3 weeks ! 
really hates banks ... they make life so difficult 
stupid sunburn ... must you torment me so ?! 
hahahaha !!!!! i love looking at my brothers yearbooks ! my seniors look soooooo < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is so excited to go to the surplus sale tomorrow ! yay for cheap house stuff ! 
got a couch , 3 chairs , a desk , table , 3-in-1 printer and a pretty nice t.v. for only $84 ! I am pleased :D plus , I got to spend the whole morning with one amazing girl and get to go spend the rest of the day with another amazing girl ! shaweeeeeet ! 
is dead . don't try getting ahold of her till after 3 tomorrow . she is dead . 
my friend found fungus in my teeth ... how embarrassing ;) 
is so done looking for a place to live . it's a pain in the butt !!! 
now works in Smithfield . My last day was so fun and I can't believe < PROPFEMALE > and I almost cried . HAHA ! Oh how I will miss some of those crazy people :( 
is loving life ! It can't get any better than this ! 
aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ! its official ! i am moving out this next week ! 
is going back to bed . As much as I enjoyed talking to some people till almost 4 in the morning , I would really like to be awake when I close tonight . I miss my store though :( 
oh ... my ... heck !!!!!!! 
loves abusing her brother ;) 
is so NOT liking this whole '' hey , i just got paid !!! wait .... its already gone ... crap!'' not amusing in the least bit ! 
is extremely pissed at some peoples idiocy ! since when is asking your girlfriend to help you hook up with your ex a good thing to do ?! and since when is that not supposed to crush the girl ?! 
misses her family :( yes , i know i live close but its finding the spare time to visit :( plus gas money :( sad !!! 
feels like crap all of a sudden but i enjoyed reading my journal . its quite pathetic how enchanted i way by a certain boy but i enjoyed every minute of it ! 
i miss him ! i miss him ! i miss him !!!! :( 
'' thats my favorite hobo!'' love it !!!! 
'' it worked !!.... you had a sleepover didn't you ?!... do you like him ? '' hahahahahahaha !!!! 
when you realize you've messed up big time , is it better to beg for forgivness or to move on and let them heal ? i am going to move on and while things will never be the same , i can only hope for the best . 
is so excited to celebrate her baby brothers b-day ! he is 16 so everyone will need to stay off the sidewalks :P 
is hoping to high heaven above that its only the change in altitude that has got my stomach in knots :( 
so ... my phone just died so i will be unreachable for a few days and will have lost all of my contacts . so .... if you want me to have your number , just shoot me a message and i will be sure to put it in my new phone when I get it . 
misses the simpler things in life . such as time . 
is super excited for thursday ! 
and let the war begin :) i so knew this would happen ! 
has a love hate relationship with my job . 
DOES NOT WANNA GO TO HER PLACE :( It is super boring and all I do is eat .... and sleep .... and work .... BORING ! 
hates this whole apartment shopping thing . 
is moving again and is going to need some help .... 
is dang excited to spend the day with one of her favorite people EVER ! Plus I get to go see a place that will hopefully be nice so I can move in . 
had the most crazy , amazing night < PROPFEMALE > !! and what better way to end it than to watch the lightning storm ?! life is sweet even in its most bitter of days :) 
slept for way to long ... 
sleep seems to be impossible when i really really need it .... >=/ 
is super depressed :'( my favorite pants don't fit !!!! 
has a ton of sour gummy worms ! my life is sooooo joyus right now ! ahahahahah ! i need to sleep :/ 
gaaah ! i just realized that my 4 best friends in the whole wide world are gonna be gone in the next few weeks ..... :'( ahhhhhh ! 
just spent $50 on pizza .... sick !!!! 
is bored ... 
ok .... so , one , my house is freeeeeeezing , two , i am waaaaaayy happy , three , seriously confused and four , COLD ! 
is starting to crash . finally ! 
uhg ! 
is happy :) 
love dream floats ! 
totally kicked butt at bowling ! in fact , i won a lot tonight :P haha ! 
is sleeping in a real bed for the first time in a week . 
kinda wants to do something super crazy but i don't know what ... or who to have join me ... this is quite the dilema :( 
hahahaha !!!!! how to tell ones little sister is blonde . go to smack her , miss , and she says ow anyways ... hahahaha !!!! 
ummmm ...... not good ! 
If a man who cannot count finds a four-leaf clover , is he lucky ? 
If you < PROPMALE > two rabbits , you will not catch either one . 
Reason and faith are both banks of the same river . 
Hear the meaning within the word . 
if everything goes ok tomorrow , i should be able to start moving :) shaweeeeeeetttt !!! 
loves blueberry bagels but really wishes that i had invested in strawberry cream cheese ! 
really would like for the sandman to come visit me right about now . i swear i am doomed to walk around like a mindless zombie for the rest of my life because of my inability to fall asleep . 
is going to bed . period . end of story . goodnight world !!! 
is greatful for a mother with extensive legal knowledge ! 
hahahahaha !!! today has been AMAZING !!!!!! hahahahaha !!!!!! first work and then my amazing sibling ! i LOVE my life ! 
has decided a few things . #1 I LOVE MY JOB !! #2 I LOVE THE PEOPLE I WORK WITH !!! and #3 its a good thing i don't ever use my middle finger ! 
soooooooooooooooooo tired ^0^ never doing that again ! 
loves chicken and is kinda craving a warm fire to curl up in front of , a great book , and a long nap that would last until I have to wake up tomorrow morning . 
GAH !!!!! PAPER CUTS HURT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
talk about a rude awakening :( i am going back to bed ! 
strange dream ... yet , i liked it :) weird !!! 
ya loose some and gain soooo much more ! haha ! and i totally killed hermy tonight !! :P 
.... no more blue m& ms. ... 
my nose will not quit itching !!! i would like to kindly ask that whoever is thinking about to STOP !!! :P 
wow ! the stars are gorgeous tonight ! and aside from a few bumps in the road , today has been really nice :) 
i am going to kill my phone !!! 
is really really happy :) 
owww ...... :( 
so , instead of entering everyone one by one , I was wondering if those who would like me to have their number would please send me a text saying who you are . That would be great ! Thanks ! 
life is great and I haven't been this happy in a long time :) I have amazing friends ! 
has never been happier ! Love is good !!! 
has never been happier !! LIFE is good !!! 
hates when people lie to me . If ya don't like me , then just say so . 
got a guitar today :) 
has a laptop :) 
wants to be down at snow right now ! I wanna be with my friends ! :( 
is eating oreos with a fork :) 
'' I don't care what people say . The rush is worth the price I pay . '' 
is really bored in her humanities class . I really don't wanna study the bible outside of institute . way to controversial and people argue more than they choose to listen . 
misses my mom :( 
is sooooo out of shape ! 
is wondering why some people can't grasp the concept of fast food . It's FAST . Not '' oh I am tired so I don't want to hurry '' GAH !!!! 
is a special little one :P 
is going to go home . I need to be distracted . Sitting at my place isn't healthy right now :( 
loves Requiem for a Tower ! 
is finding this almost depressing . I am pathetic ! 
it's starting to feel like a dream 
really wishes her friends were here :'( I really need them ! 
needs help . 
'' Sometimes I'd like to hide away somewhere and lock the door .... It's almost like the hard times circle round .... Yeah , I might feel defeated and I might < PROPFEMALE > my head . I might be barely breathing but I'm not dead ... Cause tomorrows another and I am not afraid ! So bring on the rain!'' 
over thinks things a little too much . When it's meant to be for the time being , things will work out . :) 
don't forget ! 
can't wait till I can go to Ephraim ! 
has had an amazing day with the most amazing guy ever , one of my best friends and some pretty good music ! life is good :) 
is absolutely and completely in love ! The lake house is an amazing movie ! 
flove is not some trivial thing . If mistreated , you can do some serious damage that could take years to rebuild . Don't mess it up and if you already have then get down on your knees and beg and plead for forgiveness ! 
oh boy ..... i need a day off where I can get a massage . I hurt :( and I don't even have the excuse of being old :P 
is finally getting everything put together ! My car is clean and the oil changed . My place is clean and decluttered and now if only I had the rest of the day to enjoy doing nothing ... 
almost got in a wreck on my way to work ...... ah ! 
strange , strange day ..... 
needs someone to tell me when BBI is .... 
is excited to spend some time with my man ! XD 
He has seen me at my worst and still says I am beautiful . I really am lucky ! 
is kind of at a loss right now .... :( 
sitting at my boyfriends house , watching his roomates blow stuff up . Only one thing could make this better .... 
is sooooo excited for her date tonight ! Ah ! 
don't build expectations because more often than not , you are left disappointed . 
I like it on the floor or hanging from my door . Sometimes I like it in my car when I am feeling lazy . 
when I light the match , why do I expect not to feel the burn ? 
titanic is a timeless movie . 
this weekend is going to rock ! 
is excited to go to the cornmaze tonight ! Ah ! And the fact that MY jello is going to be there to stiffle my terrified screaming makes it all that much better ! Haha ! 
sometimes it just feels good to cry even if they aren't the happiest tears .... 
hmmmmmm ......... 
is in payson ! Just a few more hours and hello < PROPFEMALE > ! Shaweeeeetttt !!!!! 
is having a blast in ceder city ! Loving life ! Ah ! 
\oh my gosh this phone smells like urine ! \"" 
on my way to see my jello !!! Aaaahhh !!! 
hahaha ! I love my friends ! 
how do you find the courage to take a giant step in the right direction when the source of that strength is the thing your missing ? 
what's on my mind ? Well , I will let you know when I find it . 
it's nights like this that I HATE my job . Love the people , hate the job . 
snow !!!! Sweet :) 
loves finding more music ! 
my hair went purple ..... I love it ! 
sometime nothing beats a good old chick flick :) 
is enjoying the simple things in life . Such as 6 blankets , 5 chick flicks and a lunchable :) 
'' we are all a little weird and life is a little weird , and when we find someone whos weirdness is compatible with ours , we join up with them and fall into mutual weirdness and call it love . '' 
kinda want to go on a date ..... curse work for screwing with my social life . 
loves how I am expected to just drop all my plans on my day off and go into work . I think I do enough as is , so I declined that wonderful opportunity and spent an amazing afternoon with my sister ! 
another date canceled . Why am I not surprised ? 
is pathetic . I really miss him right now ! 
2 days . he is 19 and it will have been 3 months ! 5 days and < PROPMALE > is 21 and I get to see Trans Siberian Ochestra with my love ! 8 days and I FINALLY get new contacts and will be able to see out of both eyes instead of just one ! SWEET ! 
so , went to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and had a blast ! Then I finally watched The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog . CUTEST MOVIE EVER ! 
some days , i really wonder why I keep my job ...... then i remember just as i am opening my bills ..... 
I am about ready to throw the water heater at work out the window !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is scared :( I really don't want to go through this again :'( 
didn't realize just how stressed and wound up I really am until I slept solidly for 15 hours . Too bad I still feel sick . 
life is really cruel right now . 
is not happy . I have to shovel at 6am just to be on time for work :( 
it's amazing how spending 2 full days with < PROPMALE > makes me realize just how lucky I am ! He makes my life seem just a little more solid :) 
is sick . Thanks mummy dearest ! Haha now I can sound like a frog ! I could do without the stuffy nose which keeps switching sides . 
tired of being sick ! 
has the most amazing boyfriend :) it's kinda nice to be taken care of when sick :) 
had a good little freak out last night . I feel better :) I am grateful for loving arms that held me together last night . 
gah ! This is so stupid ! Why can't things just be the way they used to be ?! 
one step at a time .... * sigh * 
is super tired but I am determinded to finish my book ! Haha I am such a sucker for all around amazing books ! 
you know you are sleep deprived when it takes playing the same movie over 5 times before you don't fall asleep . 
since graduating , I sure have learned who my real friends are . 
is in a lot of pain ! First my knee and now my tooth ..... This is going to be one heck of a night ! 
reasons why I love him ... His hug is one that brings me peace and a sense of belonging in a world where one is so easily lost . 
He is always there for me . Even if I need him at 2am , he is there . 
DONE ! HA ! Take that you stupid servesafe ! 
is baking cookies ! yay for cookies ! 
He's willing to buy me cookies when my stupid oven burns them :D 
Loves arguing with banks and winning :) 
Has spent everyday this week with the man I love and adore . Finishing it off with my family has made this the PERFECT week :) 
Hmmmmm ... this is getting complicated :/ 
2 1/2 hours and I will be kicking my boyfriends butt ! Haha I am excited ! 
Got my butt kicked :( but at least ican still whoop the computers butt :D 
is tired .... blah ! Excited for Saturday though ! 
Officially has no home until the 14th but I am so glad my apartment is taken ! Now I just have to wait :/ 
Blah .... 
is going to make this the best day ever ! 
Had the most amazing birthday ever ! I am so grateful for all the friends and family that came to dinner . I am also incredibly grateful for my loving boyfriend who made the day unforgettable ! 
really wishes I could just get past this whole caring what people thin about me thing but when trying to do a good job turns me into the bad guy , it's kinda hard :( I really hate my job :( 
blah ....... life needs a pause button . 
oh Bohemian Rhapsody ..... how you make my day ! 
forgot my phone at work ...... 
Woke up , was taken to ihop for breakfast , went bowling and spent a good few hours just being a kid with the most amazing person ever ! 
Such a long freaking night !!!!! Stupid water heater :( haha but the freaky kid who tried and failed to hit on me totally made might night ! Sooooo funny ! 
needs to get out of this valley ! 
its amazing how bored you get when the one person who you spend 90% of your time with is at work .... 
Hmmmmm ...... not liking it so far and is probably never going to like it : /oh well , such is life . 
going to bed ............ 
3 out and hopefully I start to see some results ! 
So , applied for a job and not even 3 hours later , they called and will call again friday for an interview . SWEEEEEEEET !!!!!!!! 
is arguing with my boyfriend over the fact that I am not allowed to get him more than one thing for valentines day .... we will see just who wins this ! haha even if he does , I will still get him something else anyways :) 
is excited for tomorrow :) haha never thought I would say that about the super bowl ! 
Sometimes it just feels good to cry . 
Well , I feel better :) 
thinks it is weird that she is just now getting ideas stuck in her head that she really needs to get out because now she can't sleep .... 
Can't wait for thursday ! Ah !!!! 
Has short blonde hair again ...... LOVE IT ! 
You would be hard pressed to find a happier woman right now ! Six months today and I am still falling in love with him more and more as time passes <3 
Had an amazing late valentines day with < PROPMALE > ! After that , went skiing with his family . It was a blast ! Who knew that biffing it hard could be so exhilerating ?! 
my mother is eating a giant screaming grub .... ew ! 
needs to go running more ! 
My head is bleeding ..... 
Is in love with criminal minds ! The super sexy black man is a < PROPMALE > bonus :) 
Hmmmm .... I HAVE to go shopping . What a torture this will be ;) 
I am pretty sure I am going to love my job within the next few weeks no matter what and so will a bunch of other people . 
Don't cry because it's over . Smile because it happened . 
:'( 
Ice cream .... yum ! 
Have you ever tried finding a piece of hay among a stack of needles ? 
Is so grateful for amazing friends , old and new , who I can count on to always be there for me . Even though I may never call , text or talk .... they are still there :) 
The two hours of sleep each night is really taking a toll on my body ... 
Oh boy .... i almost forgot how fun it is to flirt ! 
Every time I am in his arms and have to say goodbye .... it gets a little bit easier . 
Ok , well .... time to be really brave . 
Is happy :) 
Fits into my little sisters jeans ..... SWEET ! 
they say that if you love someone , let them go . I didn't agree and now I am back to loving the most amazing person I have ever met ! 
I strongly dislike days where I work morning and he works night . 
Things to do today : go to work , got to tysons , go home around 5 , die until saturday morning . Good plan ? I say it's perfect ! 
So .... 6 hours of sleep in two day and a 12 hour shift later , I feel like CRAP ! Goodnight ! 
Still can't sleep :( about ready to resort to the drugs . 
Holy cops ... 
Wants to move out soooo freaking bad ! I love my family but bah ! 
loved Beastly ! Perfect sappy love movie ! 
Worth it ? I think so ! :D 
Why am I awake ?! Bah ..... 
So , I closed the store , went home and realized I had left my phone in the office . I have the best boyfriend because he brought it to me at 1am :) I love him ! 
Ummm ... ouch 
Today has pretty much been amazing ! Only one thing could make it better :) 
so , for the first time in like forever , I came home from work super happy . It's AMAZING !!!! 
So .... life is good . I am very conent and happy :) 
Oh how I miss that little studio .... 
Is loving the gorgeous weather ! 
Night from H-E-DOUBLE HOCKEY STICKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Today is going to be a long day .... at least I have it off work . 
i love how it is cheaper to pay out of pocket for my windshield than to let my insurance take care of it . 
oooohhhh .... i want deep fried mushrooms !!!!!!!!!!! 
is excited for the concert tomorrow ! I don't know half the bands and listened to 3 of the 4 for the first time tonight but it's a night out of the valley with < PROPMALE > so it will be amazing ! 
Just got back from an amazing night with < PROPMALE > ! Dang I love him !!! 
Still can't hear out of my right ear .... 
Is grateful for all of the amazing people I know and love :) 
Needs a break . 
Ugh ! This is going to be a long freaking week !!!!!!!!! I am looking forward to my escape wednesday ! 
Happy I'm in love with my best friend :) 
'' i didn't feel confused or silly or any of the other emotions people usually ascibe to those who are in love . No , I wasn't '' falling '' in love . Rising was more the word . Every part of me felt more alive , more complete . It was as if i had suddenly become fine-tuned to a deeper awareness of life itself . '' - my favorite book 
Gets to spend most of the day with two of my most favorite people ever !!!!! I am excited :) 
