is totally dreading work tonight ... stupid weather . I swear bad weather brings out the crazy people . Well , crazier than normal . 

is heading off to bed , so maybe she can have some hot vampire dreams or maybe a hot cowboy ... I won't complain either way . Night ya'll . 
is trying to download her new CDs to her computer . 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > is one of the most awesome people she knows . What would I do without her randomness in my life ... especially the Adventures of Little < PROPFIRST > and Brainward . Just saying ... 
is thinking that I really should be sleeping , but I'm not and thats mainly because I have too much crap on my mind in the first place . Have this feeling that I am going into massive amounts of drama tomorrow too , so I am not looking forward to that . Luck 
has to take Mom to pick up her truck from the mechanic , then back to T'ville to get < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Deseray . Get ready world ... we are ready for a fun filled day ... yep , thats it . 
has showered and is now considering catching some much needed z's ... maybe I will have dreams of hot cowboys ... 
has to do a few things today before I head to work ... maybe have some lunch too since food is an important thing . Oh , and have to post the epilogue of my story too . I'm busy as a < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is sad that Written In The Stars is finished ... It has been such a part of my life for the past year that I will miss it . I guess its time to start work on something else . I guess I can get to work on the sequel . LOL 
is still dreading the Puckett family picnic . I just have this feeling that something is going to happen . So keep the prayers coming for a nice peaceful afternoon . First , I gotta get some sleep ... that will help overall . 
has been enjoying her day in the fuzzy pants/pajamas and with a good book . What I will do later today is yet to be seen . 
has a lot on her mind ... why can't life be simple and not have so much stuff going on ? I honestly think that the powers that be are disliking me lately . 
is off to cause trouble . :) 
has to work tonight , but it shouldn't be that bad . Maybe I'll get some much needed R&R in . I'd like to write some , but I think my spark has died . :( 
really needs to organize her DVDs and books ... they are finding homes in random places throughout the house , in turn , Mom isn't that happy . :( 
is outta here for the night . Gonna find me a book and find the recliner . Bed soon . Good night ! 
has played with her Virtual Bookshelf enough for the night . If you are one of my fellow readers and love the same books I do you may check out my collection to see if you have read some of the same things or maybe get some ideas for some new materials ! Maybe its time that I try to catch some z's . If not I have like four to five books that I could be reading . Good night everyone ! 
has a lot on her mind , but is too tired at this point to care . Guess that means I should go to bed and maybe I'll have some clarity . I honestly doubt that with how I feel at this point , but I am hopeful . See ya'll in the morning/whenever I wake up . 
is awake , filled out an application , and now has to get ready to head over to < PROPFEMALE>'s ... we gotta work tonight . :( 
has to work in the morning ... even though I'm supposed to be off tomorrow ! UGH ! I guess that means I need to sleep . Its been real , facebooks pals , but I'll catch ya later . Night . 
is really angry with her phone . I guess I am going to have to go to Alltel in the morning before work to see what the heck is wrong with it . Why can't things like my phone work when I already am having issues , namely my truck . Sigh ! 
its officially after four in the morning . I'm pooped . I've updated the virtual library ... now its time to catch some much needed z's . Its been real , but its time for bed . Have a wonderful morning and I'll see everyone when I wake up . 
realized earlier tonight that I am getting rather < PROPMALE > when it comes to my writing/betaing . Its kinda making me sad . Maybe I will get it together , at least I hope so . I guess I will finish watching this episode of Ghost Hunters and then go to bed . Night everyone . 
is totally loving the New < PROPFEMALE > soundtrack ... been listening to it while I worked on a few things . I guess since its three thirty and I have to work in the morning I should head off to bed ... the vampire hours are really starting to get me down somewhat . Oh well , hope everyone had some sweet dreams . Its been real ... but I'm off to bed . Night . 
just looked at the clock and realized it is two in the morning . I have spent most of the evening talking to one of my favorite friends picking out True Blood flair ... how sad . Guess its time to head out . Night everyone . Sweet dreams ! See ya'll sometime during the day . 
is off to read some more Living Dead In < PROPFIRST > . I totally need my < PROPFIRST > fix . I just sounded like a junkie . Oh well ... 
has totally enjoyed her day ... spent the majority in my fuzzy pants and watching TV or chilling on the computer . Guess I'm off to get some more < PROPFIRST > in my life . I know he's a fictional vampire , but he is rather dreamy . Have sweet dreams all and catch ya in the morning . 
is totally annoyed with her internet from her phone . It won't work and it just makes me crazy . Anyway ... I'm gonna read some and prepare to enjoy some more < PROPFIRST > in Dead To The World . 
has really enjoyed her night at home ... totally got my nap in which made me feel lots better . Now I'm off to watch some season 2 episodes of True Blood on the DVR and maybe read some Definitely Dead ... Then its off to bed . Sweet dreams all . 
is out of here for the night . I have cleaned out my inbox/sorted my email , then I beta-ed my friend's chapter for her new story , then I played with the flair and sent some to my pals ... B and < PROPFEMALE > , now I am off to find some food and watch an episode of True Blood before bed . Everyone have sweet dreams . Night ! 
is in some massively deep thought ... Saw Avatar tonight , totally awesome ! Ate at Applebees in < PROPMALE > , and had the worst service ever . Just added an authors note to my fanfic profile telling people I am taking a break , but I started working on an all new original story , so I guess thats good . I probably will get in some reading cause that will help me clear my mind ... and oh yeah , I leave for < PROPFIRST > Town in a week !!!! 
has had enough of the computer for the night . Guess its time to watch some TV ... not too long though , since I am getting a little sleepy . Maybe its time for some True Blood ! Good night all . 
really hates that I have to work tomorrow/today . Why is it that I ALWAYS have to work Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ? WHY ?! I just can't get lucky enough to have some quiet time . Well at least we close at 2 so that makes it somewhat bearable . Guess that means I should go to bed soon , right ? 
is now off to bed ... I'll get in like six hours of sleep before I have to go to work . Stupid work ! Sweet dreams all . Maybe I'll get in vampire dreams ... Yes , vampire dreams . To those of you who haven't had one , well you should . You know who you are . :) Night ! 
My inner child has way too much fun when there is big puddles in the road and I get the < PROPMALE > to drive through them and the water splashes up over the truck . :) 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! HELLO 2011 !!!! 
wants nothing more than to go to sleep , however Mom has the TV cranked up so loud its like you're sitting in the room with her ! I don't think she's going to bed tonight and I'm sleepy . :( 
just woke up , however I'm not real inspired to do much of anything today . So , I'm not . I guess that's a plus side to having today off work . 
is watching Letters To < PROPFEMALE > and I forgot how beautiful Italy is and that I truly want go there . 
has spent most of today alone and has done quite a bit of thinking . Let's say it hasn't been sunshine , rainbows , or fluffy bunnies . :( 
wants nothing more than to stay home and hide under a fuzzy polka dotted cover , but work expects me there . Happy Birthday to my adopted dad , < PROPMALE > Griffin , love you lots . :) 
is off to work . For my BFF's sake I hope the Saints win today ! WHO DAT ! 
is sad the Saints lost . :( 
truly enjoys the joy of hiding out all day . Why is it that most people don't enjoy this kinda stuff ? The idea of chilling out in the PJs all day and reading all day is one of the best plans for a day in my world . The only thing that might make this day better is to have three or four of these kinda days in a row . :) 
has spent the majority of the day reading . I have to say it has been a nice distraction . Especially since I have had a lot of things on my mind lately . 
hates it when people play with others feelings . I just wish I could be as cold hearted and uncaring as others are instead of overly tender hearted . 
is off to bed . Gonna watch some of The Fellowship Of The Ring and then catch some z's . Gotta work tomorrow night which kinda sucks though . Good night all and sweet dreams . 
is getting ready to head off to Triple E . I know its gonna be dead as you can get , but I hope we get done early and I can come home and read some more of this True Blood fan fic story I'm reading . 
has been totally wrapped up in this True Blood fan fic that I have been reading . Maybe there is still original thought in this world . Guess I need to go to sleep since I have to go to the dr in the morning . Night all . 
thinks its funny ... I don't like football , but I think < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > have corrupted me to the point that I like it cause this game is insane and I'm loving it . Geaux Saints !!!! 
TOUCHDOWN SAINTS !!!! 
DAMN YOU VIKINGS !!!! 
this game is making me feel rather ill . 
SAINTS WIN ! SAINTS WIN !!! THEY'RE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL !!!!! 
is still happy that the Saints are heading to the Super Bowl , but the lack of sleep is starting to get to me so I am off to bed . Sweet dreams to everyone . 
just wants to kick her personal demons in the teeth ... yeah they may by sharp and pointed and might hurt like hell , but they are absolutely destroying me from the inside out and I am just about sick and tired of feeling this way ! I know ... its my fault that I feel this way , but after dealing with them for so many years you would think I would eventually come to terms with them . 
hates having to be an actress . I know in my line of work you have to , but when you have to start acting in your everyday life , it is truly hard to deal with . Especially when you have all these things that are on your mind constantly and all you want to do is scream , but you just hope that others can't see through all the masks you have created to hide all the personal demons you have in your heart . Complex isn't it ? 
sleep would truly be a glorious thing ... too much on my mind . So much to write and I can't seem to get myself organized . I haven't felt this inspired in months . I really should be sleeping though . 
just got back from the Fish Co . Had lots of fun with Mom , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . We gotta do that again sometime soon . 
has realized that when you can't spell to save your life , maybe its time to put away the writing stuff and do something else , for example ... watch Supernatural on DVD and read a Black Dagger Brotherhood book . :) 
is emo ... yep , what's new there . I guess it shouldn't surprise me at all . I guess when you live in constant states of confusion it happens . 
is going to take her emo self to the living room and watch a little TV . Worrying about a friend and having a lot on your mind will play games with your mind and heart . I need to relax a little or I won't be sleeping at all . Good night to everyone and hope to see everyone around tomorrow . 
is finally starting to get tired . Guess I am going to finish watching this episode of Ghost Hunters then I'm off to bed . Sleep will be nice thats for sure . Good night all . 
has spent the day doing absolutely nothing ... went to dinner with Mom which was fun and now I guess I am either going to read or work on something productive ... there is lots of night to get things accomplished in . 
is off to bed ... having a moment of inspiration so I need to write it down real quick though . Good night all . 
is beyond angry with Altell at this moment . I haven't had internet on my phone for over 24 hours and they really wouldn't give me a straight answer when I called today so I am going to their office before work , so they better hope that I have my phone fixed before then or they are going to see one very angry woman ! On another note , the day was boring and work was too . Guess I am going to read a bit then crash . 
has to be at work by four which totally sucks , but then I can come home and wrap myself up in reading Lover Awakened ... I truly can't get enough of Zsadist ! 
has had enough online fun for the night . I'm off to chill in the easy chair for a bit with my book ... sweet dreams to all and catch ya'll in the morning . 
can't believe its been 11 years since my mom had her brain aneurysm . Its a day that changed my life forever . Its a blessing that she's still here & I am thankful for everyday I have with her . I miss my dad on days like this too . So , please remember your parents today & remember how blessed we are/were to have them . Also , I am bless to have good friends & I love and thank you for the support that you give me daily . 
has realized that I have really fallen out of the fanfiction loop . You fellow writers are going to have to keep me up to date on things ... Real life tends to keep me busy and books are really fun to read . :( 
is writing ! Yep , I know it has been a foreign concept lately but I am . You people have no idea how good it feels to actually be able to sit down and let words fly across the screen when you haven't been able to do so for months and months . Its truly a new beginning here ! 
is going to read a bit and hit the bed . This day has worn me out emotionally for many reasons . Going to get my taxes done tomorrow and relax a bit before some volleyball tomorrow/tonight . Sweet dreams all . 
has decided that it is officially a weird night ... been trying to write on the new project and my volleyball pal < PROPFEMALE > called to say that some random helicopter has been flying around her house since 10:30 and to top it all off she called the < PROPMALE > County Sheriff to find out they have no clue what is going on so maybe it is a helicopter of little green men . Please little aliens ... don't take my friend . LOL 
wants to runaway , never to be seen again . 
is just too tired to care anymore . I don't really understand people's motivations either . I am off to read and get ready for bed . After the day I have had I am ready for Thursday to roll around so I can hide out somewhere , and I already have a good idea where that place will be . Good night all . 
If your Mom is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Mom still with you , or if she has gone to be with the Lord , copy and paste this with her name ; < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Underwood Puckett ... The Most Wonderful Mother in the world . I love you Mom ! 
is going to do a few things and get ready to relax for a bit . Sweet dreams facebook friends . 
is so excited ... just finished a new chapter for my new original story . I need to look at it more before I move on to the next one , but its a start ! 
has to say that I have enjoyed my day off . Slept lots , finished my new chapter for the new story , adopted some book babies from the bookstore , got the new < PROPMALE > Turner CD finally , and got some yummy take out from 17th Street for me and Mom . Now I am enjoying some quiet computer time while listening to GAC on the TV . 
knows that my country music man is < PROPMALE > Paisley ... but I think < PROPMALE > Turner is pretty close up there with him . 
okay ... due to the fact that I don't have to wake up at the butt crack ... I am awake , but I am heading off to bed so I can get some sleep . Have a wonderful morning all you happy people . See ya when I wake up . 
has been sitting around enjoying some happiness before I have to go to work . As soon as I get there my good mood will be zapped out and I will be ready to commit murder within an hour . Closing time couldn't get there fast enough ! 
really loves < PROPFEMALE > Derbyshire , < PROPFEMALE > Merrell Baassler , and < PROPFEMALE > Bellavia lots . They crack me up daily , they support all my random tendencies , and are super supportive of all my creative outlets . What would I do without you ? MWAH ! 
has had a very interesting day ... not bad , not that great , just odd I guess . Gotta work the lunch shift tomorrow at EEE , and then I am going to < PROPFEMALE > with Vee and our Fearless Leader , along with my little friend ( I miss her , haven't seen her in ages ) and the dogs ( hope they don't attack me like usual ) . I am in need of a bookstore run which will be in my future , at least I hope so . :) 
thinks she has done enough damage for one night . Work was blah , but that was to be expected , had a blast with Vee , < PROPFEMALE > , and Deseray , got my overview for The Nameless Story finished , and had some nice emails back and forth with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... so I'm good . Everyone have sweet dreams and catch ya'll when I wake up . 
created a music playlist to listen to while writing , wrote a little bit , and now I am off to either read a bit or watch a little TV . Lots to do tomorrow . So everyone have a lovely night . 
has to say that this day was yet again another blah days . Note to all people heading to the Alltel office in < PROPMALE > tomorrow morning ... I apologize for any anger that may come from my mouth . Stupid scroll balls in Blackberry phones suck !!! 
is getting out of here for the night . I am really tired , which kinda surprises me since I am not normally this tired at this time of night . Sweet dreams world ... see ya'll in the morning . :) 
washed my new phone ! So I am out of one till Mom goes and gets me one in the afternoon . So it will likely be after five tomorrow before I am mobile tomorrow . :( Honestly , I'm glad I still have some extra cash or I would totally be screwed ! 
is very happy to have ANOTHER new phone . I just hope I can keep from destroying this one . I swear I am just having really bad luck with phones right now . So I will be messaging some of you to get your < PROPFIRST > back since I didn't have all of them wrote down . Sorry . :( 
really wishes that I could get my act together and get these first few chapters wrote so I can move on to the stuff that I know that I could write quickly . Where are you writing muse ? 
has actually strung about 1000+ words together and they actually make sense and sound pretty good . Now I just have to get around about 4000+ more words wrote and get on to chapter three . I am ready to have some interaction between my heroine and her cowboy . :) 
finished cleaning my room earlier ... talk about a < PROPMALE > difference and I can even find stuff now which is nice . I even cleaned out some drawers for some future book space . Hoping I get to go spend a couple of hours at the bookstore tomorrow , maybe a movie , who knows . Getting ready to watch a few minutes of TV before I crash on my nice freshly washed sheets . I so enjoy the simple things . :) Sweet dreams FB pals . 
what could be better than sitting at the computer writing while looking out an open window ? I can't think of anything better . The chirping bugs , the nice breeze ... let this day be an example for the days to come . :) 
while sitting here I have realized how uneventful today was ... and I love it ! No drama , no stupid BS from people , NOTHING . I enjoyed the nice cleanness of my room , got in some writing , and even visited my favorite store in the whole wide world . Now I am relaxing before bed since I have to head off to work in the morning . So , have a lovely night fb pals and pleasant dreams . 
is enjoying some quiet time at home . Its really been a long day . Can't wait to put on my PJs and read some . 
I Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in Heaven . Missing my dad , my grandparents , < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > , & Sissy . 
doesn't have the energy or the will power to come up with anything witty or clever at this point . I will just say BLAH and go on about my evening . 
is going to get ready for bed . Got to work tomorrow , then I may go see a movie or I may just come home and relax . So sweet dreams Facebook friends ... Gonna get in a little more reading and then crash . :) 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence . Herrin Hospital - Herrin , Illinois . 
is watching some Blue Collar comedy stuff that I DVRed a couple days ago ... these guys kill me . 
has sat around and updated her Virtual Bookshelf while enjoying The Blue Collar Comedy Tour Rides Again , but I think it is time that I go to bed . Sweet dreams to all my friends and talk to ya'll when I wake up . :) 
has read yet another book ... three in three days , and its all new stuff ! Its crazy . I guess I am going to get ready for bed and figure out what my next reading project will be . Can't wait to get New < PROPFEMALE > at midnight either . Hours of waiting in a line . Hopefully I get to < PROPFEMALE > with some awesome people like I did last time . Sweet dreams . 
is kinda annoyed , in turn , is making me tired . I'm either going to read some or I am going to watch some TV for a bit . Sweet dreams . 
has updated her facebook , chit chatted with my BFF , < PROPFEMALE > Derbyshire , cleaned out her inbox , and now it is try to attempt to sleep here in a few . I'm going to try to watch some True Blood , which is always a good thing since < PROPFIRST > is just one sexy vamp . Who wouldn't want their vampire , Tall , Blonde , and Viking ? Sweet dreams all . :) 
had a really blah day . I wasn't impressed with it and I am so glad its over . So here I am checking the world of facebook , and it doesn't appear I have missed much , must of been an off day for all . Texting one of my BFFs , < PROPFEMALE > Derbyshire and missing my twin , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . So I am going to bed to hope for a better day , sweet dreams . 
totally enjoyed her movie tonight , it was very cute . I have spent the majority of my night catching up on my favorite True Blood fan fic , and texting my friend , < PROPFEMALE > Derbyshire . Now after laughing at flair and putting my laundry in the dryer , I am off to bed . Sweet dreams Facebook pals . 
is sitting here listening to some < PROPFIRST > Jett And The Blackhearts while trying to finish reading The Hunger Games for the second time . I would have had it finished before now , but being sick kept me from being able to focus . 
now remembers why The Hunger Games pissed her off so much the last time I read the damn thing . I didn't read Catching Fire afterwards because of it and now I promised my pals that I would read the dang thing and I am angry and I just want to throw the stupid book against the dang wall ! 
okay ... my moment of anger is over . Sorry for hurting anyone's fragile ears with my last post . I normally am able to keep myself in check . :( So ... I am on direct orders from < PROPFEMALE > Derbyshire and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to read the evil book so I guess I will go off and try to read it . I just hope it don't bring out my inner demons again . Sweet dreams all . 
why does the idea of having to spend time with my family make me really nervous ? Personally , I would rather hide at home with a good book . 
guesses she is off to Akin ... I really want to stay within the confines of my house , but I can't take a < PROPMALE > of the family saying anything because I didn't come . I guess it comes from my lack of being social . :( 
just added some new pics ... and I there are times that I can't believe that my dad , Uncle < PROPMALE > , Aunt < PROPFIRST > , and many other family members are gone . They are missed and never forgotten . 
really needs to go to bed . I have lots to read tomorrow on my day off . And Mom is baking ham and making mashed potatoes so its even better . Sweet dreams all . 
wishing everyone a very Happy Easter . Remember the reason we have this glorious day to reflect upon . 
didn't get her book read today so I hope to finish it sometime today , but work is going to cut into my reading time so I'm crossing my fingers . I'm finally getting caught up on books that have been on the shelf forever so yay me . Sweet dreams , Facebook pals 
has had a horrible day ! I'm glad that its almost over and I can read my book in peace . 
finished her book , started another but its time for bed . Sweet dreams all . 
is getting ready to see Clash Of The Titans . 
thought that Clash Of The Titans was a cool movie . 
is going to have some pancakes here soon . :) 
is watching some TV ... Hoping to get in some R&R tomorrow . 
is in a mood . So ... Ladies , its time to get the sparkly outfits out , its time to take over the world !!! MWAHAHA !!! 
is out and about ... Hiding in plain sight . Where I go ... No one knows . 
is having an emo moment . Glad to be hiding out so I don't have to deal with too many people . 
thinks its time to head to bed . Gotta work the lunch shift , but then I am coming home to relax a bit . I got to get this book read too . So sweet dreams , Facebook friends . 
\give me one more last chance ... \"" 
says , what a day !!! Hasn't been busy but I'm more than happy to be home . Had fun visiting with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Deseray crashed out in < PROPFEMALE>'s arms . She was pooped ! I understand how she feels . 
is watchin ' Top Gun !!! 
is dreading the next two days ... 
is off to hell . Talk to everyone after 9 . :( 
is heading to bed . Gotta be at work super early for this party . Why do I have this feeling it will be a waste of my time ? Anyway ... I guess after work I'm going to go flower shopping with Mom . She likes a pretty yard . Good night all and sweet dreams . 
is off to work ... Also I am wishing my cousin , < PROPFIRST > Wissinger , good luck at the Mr. < PROPFEMALE > competition . For all you non Southern Illinois people , that's the body building comptetion at < PROPFEMALE > . Honestly I would rather go watch him compete than work . Hot guys versus smelling like BBQ or fish all day . I'd take hot guys ! 
has had the day from hell and my pal < PROPFIRST > Crawford would agree with me . Now , I'm at the green house with Mom . I hope for a more peaceful evening . 
is out having dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . After that , no one knows . I just hope we don't get stuck or require people to save us . 
had lots of fun with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Have to work the lunch shift and I'm coming home to hide afterwards . I have a book calling my name . :) So sweet dreams everyone , I'm off to bed . 
is about ready to head home to get some much needed R&R . 
is finally home from work . Got to get a few things done and then I am going to sit down with a book and read . Also , I want to congratulate my cousin , < PROPFIRST > Wissinger on his 3rd place finish in the Mr. < PROPFEMALE > competition yesterday . Good job Trav . :) 
has been trying to get herself together so I can read this damn book . I have been trying to read the dang thing since last week and I am still only five chapters in ! So I am sneaking away to read in my chair for a while . I just hope Mom don't make me suffer through too many game shows , since I think she believes that they are the only things on TV . 
has decided that < PROPFIRST > Northman is her vampire of choice now - So ... move over glitter boy !!! :) 
just finished reading her book . I guess I need to sleep now , so good night . 
is at work . Talk to lovely people later tonight . 
is sitting in a bar . No I ain't kidding . 
thinks last call should be at one not one thirty . For someone who doesn't drink much to be sitting in a bar at a quarter to one in the morning . Who knew ? 
is chillin ' for a few with my Cream Puff , then heading home . Gotta work the lunch shift tomorrow , after that no telling . 
is getting ready to head to work . Four and half hours sleep will have me dragging butt today . Oh well , there is always a possibility of a nap after work . Also , head out tonight to Triple E or one of the participating restaraunts in the Taste Of Hope . After 5 , 20% of your < PROPMALE > will be donated to Relay For Life of < PROPMALE > County . Support this awesome cause . 
just wants some alone time !!! I have company at home so I can't even go there for solitude ! I'm attempting to hide somewhere out in the open now , but I don't see the hiding helping anything . 
had the < PROPFEMALE > put on the sundae of the most horrible day . :'( 
needs a little sunshine . The days are so gloomy lately and I just wanna little piece of happiness 
' s yard was mowed today , the dog pins cleaned and washed them out . The sun is shining but I'm still in that blah mood . 
is starting to worry about my BFF , < PROPFEMALE > Derbyshire . She hasn't texted me all day !!! 
wonders what would happen if < PROPFEMALE>'s dream about being a member of the Mexican police came true . Likely it would consist of her , myself , and < PROPFEMALE > wearing a sombrero , a poncho , and a police badge . Lord help us all . 
enjoyed her evening outside reading . Totally loved my book , read < PROPFEMALE > Called , and I'm starting Blood Bound sometime in the coming afternoon . I'm now trying to catch up with some DVRed TV , but maybe its time for bed . So I guess I need to go to bed . See everyone in the morning/afternoon . 
is enjoying the day so far . No emo mood swings , no urges to rip off someones head . Life is good . Eating lunch and off to my fave store . 
' s nice day has been shot to death . :'( 
how is it that something as simple as Tropical Sno that would make a person feel better ? 
just finished reading Blood Bound , and I'm starting Iron Kissed sometime today . I'm off to dreamland . Sweet dreams . 
says what a day ! My feet are killing me , I sme like BBQ and fish , and I'm just tired . Gonna eat some pizza with mi madre and read a bit before bed . Gotta open but that means freedom Saturday night !! Woot woot ! 
in the cabinet at work . :) 
\But no body answered when I called your name ... \"" 
is at the high school watching promenade for Thompsonville High 2010 . Makes me thankful I'm not in high school anymore . 
its Saturday night in Tville ... What can you do ? ... Nothing ! That's what ya get for living in a small town ! But I am getting ready to < PROPFEMALE > with Vee and < PROPFEMALE > . Dinner and Walmart ... Fun stuff I tell ya . 
had lots of fun with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . All we did was go out for Subway , make a trip to Walmart for chips , and chill out and watch a movie , but it was fun . Spending time with good friends is the best . And its never a dull moment with their fur babies , Madi , Maci , and Fatboy . ( Pugs and cat ) 
well ... its 3 am . That means I SHOULD be sleeping , but as you can tell , I'm not , but I haven't been trying to sleep yet so , maybe I should . Working the lunch shift with hopes of coming home and relaxin ' . So to all you lovely people , hope you have/had lovely dreams . Me ... I'm off in hopes of having some good dreams myself , maybe a sexy vampire , or a hot cowboy , or even a guy with a nice sword . :) Sweet dreams . 
is off to yet another day of fish and BBQ , but today we add fried chicken to the equation , plus a little mashed taters . So , I just hope to survive and make it home without causing death to anyone I work with due to lack of z's . Catch everyone later this evening . :( 
guesses she hasn't missed a lot today while I was at work . Mostly people are chillin ' with the family or watchin ' TV . Two of them appears to be watchin ' the White Sox game and it appears that they aren't doing well . :( 
so me and my nerdiness put some of my books in a drawer and taped a note to the front so I would know what's in there . However I still have two rows of books on almost all of my little bookcases . I love my book babies , but I'm running out of space !!! 
needs to accomplish a few things today , though I will assume that all I do is go to work today amd I figure I will end up being bored due to the fact I have a trainee tonight . I'm thankful this one is nice though . The last one was a witch on so many levels . 
is getting ready to clock in at work ... I just wanna make it out of here without wanting to murder someone . Talk to everyone after 9 . 
doesn't want to go home . :( 
is done fighting . I am just going to get past this . Too many tears have been shed and I have no more to cry . 
is finally going to bed . Hoping that everything goes well tomorrow/today in comparison to tonight . I have no more tears to cry so that will keep me from at least sobbing like crazy . Sweet dreams all . 
just took her truck through the car wash , now I'm headed home with the radio cranked up and windows down and I'm off for the next two days ! Woot woot ! 
thinks Midnight Truffle Blizzards are sinful . :) 
Hey Thompsonville friends ... What's up at that fire that is west of town ? Looks like its down in that ditch in the field . 
thinks that hoodie sweatshirts are the most awesome article of clothing on the planet !!!! 
is contemplating the universe , our orbit around the sun ... Stuff like that . 
thinks < PROPMALE > Rucker is awesome as a country artist but has realized he totally rocked in Hootie And The Blowfish . :) 
\Prop me up besides the jukebox if I die . \"" 
My friend , < PROPFEMALE > ... Also known as Twinkie , lives in a hole , and is okay with it . She's like a Hobbit , just not as much hair or big feet . 
is headin ' to Herrin . Going to Trav's gma's bar to meet up with < PROPFEMALE > and Dad . Then I am off to Walmart to get Avatar !!! 
really believes that she lives in constant states of confusion . It just varies daily . 
is glad to be home . Had fun with < PROPFEMALE > and was glad to see < PROPFEMALE > and her dad . Now I have a few things to do before I crash . Housework tomorrow . Boo ! 
why do I feel like something is going to happen and the outcome won't be good ? I hope I'm wrong . 
went to < PROPFIRST>'s Club with Mom earlier and ate at Cracker Barrel . Had lots of fun , till I got home and had to clean house . The worst part was cleaning the refrigerator . There was one word to describe it : TERRIFYING !!! 
I admit it , I'm a bitch !!!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this ... I make mistakes , I'm crazy , occasionally out of control , I'm emotional , and at times I'm hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best ! If you're a bitch repost this ! I dare you !! 
So ... its almost four and I am awake yet again . I spent my time reading a book that I have been trying to read for the past week so I guess I accomplished something . Was going to watch a movie but its too late for that . Anyway , I'm off to bed . Sweet dreams all you happy people . :) 
guesses she needs to get ready for work . I hate going back after two days off . It is a < PROPMALE > pain for me to be \the image\ " instead of being me . At least when I get home I will be able to relax a bit and finish my book . I would really like to sit down and watch one of the movies I bought this week too . " 
had a somewhat blah night at work . Went and ate afterwards with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . It was fun . Now I'm home for the night listening to it rain . 
Where did the night go ?! Maybe if I had slept instead of tossing and turning all night I'd be okay . :( I guess I'm off to work . 
has three words for ya'll: BLUEBERRY MT . DEW !!!! 
THUNDER WIN !!! 21 point win over the Lakers !!! Woot woot !!! 
well , I'm off to work , which sucks . So talk to everyone afterward . 
work sucked , but what's new there . Anyway , I'm home for the night , and Mom's making breakfast for supper . She may make me angry , a lot , but I love her . :) 
has had it for the night . I'm getting tired , I'm even too tired to read , so that should tell ya something . I might watch TV for a bit , but I am not far from going to bed . My theme of late night reading sessions is getting to me , plus I need rested up so I can go pick up Lover Mine on Tuesday morning before work . ( Internally squealing ) So , sleep well Facebook pals . :) 
says blah to you Monday , also known as my Thursday work wise . I just don't want to deal with you today . 
is home for the night ... Gonna relax and either read a bit or watch some TV . Can't decide if I wanna go get Lover Mine before work or after ... I'm excited to find out what happens to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
after having the most boring day at work , I am home . The best part is that I now have my copy of Lover Mine !!!! So , I am going into seclusion so I can read this baby ... I have waited a year for this book , and I'm gonna enjoy it . 
has spent the last 3+ hours with her nose in a book ! Loved it , but I'm not finished yet . I'm ready to start chapter 48 of Lover Mine when I wake up . ( Book has 74 chapters , 500+ pages ) So I have lots to get read and happy birthday to my book pal , < PROPFEMALE > . :) Sweet dreams all . 
is out and about , book in tow . :) 
just finished Lover Mine earlier . It was all kinds of awesome ! I'm hanging with Vee , < PROPFEMALE > , and Deseray now . what a relaxing day ! 
alright ... Lover Mine is read , had a blast with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and my favorite little chick , Deseray . Supper has been ate , shower taken ... What to do ? Probably read some more or watch some TV . 
has been watching some cool shows on Discovery ! Watching a cool show on < PROPFEMALE > now . :) 
had a wonderful day at home . I didn't leave my house at all today , and that was so nice ... comfy clothes all day along with good books ... I finished one and read another . I am doomed to return to work tomorrow , but I believe I am early out so I should be home at a reasonable time . Anyway , I am off to watch a few minutes of TV and then head to bed . Hope everyone had sweet dreams . 
is waiting on the tornadoes . 
is sitting here hoping that I won't have my house blown away , anything hit by lightning or any big limbs down . I just want this storm to pass so I can go to bed ! * covers eyes * 
its is almost four in the morning , and I'm still awake . I'm heading off to bed in hopes of getting a few hours of sleep before I have to open . I see a nap in my future after work . 
welcome to yet another gloomy day in southern Illinois . I'm off to work and hopes that the day goes by quickly and I get to go home and read some . :) 
is home from yet another \day from Hades . \ " I'm glad to be home and away from that evil place . At least till tomorrow . " 
thinks the nap probably wasn't the best idea , but I guess I'll live . 
have I mentioned that this weather sucks ? 
this weather is killing me ! Not literally , but its as annoying as hell . I'm listening to it rain and to the crazy Yahtzee players in my kitchen while I read . This is gonna be a long night . :( 
has had enough for the day . I'm off to dreamland in hopes of good dreams . Sweet dreams all . 
just wants to go back to sleep . I curse you job ! 
is finally home from a long day of work and hanging with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and my fave little chick , Deseray . Had fun with them , now I'm gonna get my book read . 
just finished watching New < PROPFEMALE > for the first time since I got it on DVD . I still say it was better than Twilight , but it still can't touch the books . ( And I have sorta fell out of love them at times too . ) 
it isn't a good sign when you are woke up by the sounds of trucks in your yard/driveway . Mom was stuck in the yard ... Yet again , and didn't move my truck . Its rained for the past three days ! Of course the yards wet !!! Good Lord , she kills me . Not a good sign for the day . 
why can't I have a good day ?! 
is hiding at the moment , but will later resurface at EEE for carpet night . Boo to that ! 
is back at work ... Its gonna be a long night . :( 
is FINALLY home !!! I'm pooped ! Time for a shower and some much needed R&R . 
doesn't believe how tired I was last night . I was truly , dead to the world . Now , its time to enjoy the rest of my day off . :) 
is out and about . :) 
is finally getting around to watching the FX show , Justified . Its a pretty good show , and after I watch a couple of episodes I'm gonna get to reading Dead In The Family . 
is off to dreamland which will likely consist of dreams of a certain Viking vamp , but that's understandable because I'm working on reading Dead In The Family . Getting my hair done in the morning so I'm out . Talk to everyone later , & sweet dreams . 
is getting ready to head out for the afternoon . Hope to be back home somewhat early . Maybe I'll get to watch some playoff games with Mom . :) 
is waiting on my color to set ... Then cool highlights !!! 
sitting under the hair dryer is making me sleepy . 
' s hair looks awesome ! 
wants to thank < PROPFEMALE > Hall for the awesome job she did on my hair today . I am so loving it . I'm off to read for a little while , then maybe some TV , who knows . 
finished Dead In The Family , and it was a good book . Watched a little TV and now its time for bed . Sweet dreams all . 
is glad to be home from work ... It has been a boring day . Now I'm off for a nice shower and sit down and work on reading City Of Bones . 
is going to get a drink and get into bed . Gotta open in the morning , so sweet dreams all . 
had a very odd to go order today . A woman called and ordered sixty baked potatoes ! Yep , 60 ! Let's just say I was a wee bit flustered and shocked by it . Also , if you ever need to order that many it will run you around $114 . 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > and Vee . Just hope we don't end up doing something that allows us to see ex's or their family or requiring us to call for someone to pull us out . That is all . :) 
is home for the evening . It was very uneventful which is a good thing in my book . Gonna relax a bit and catch some Z's . Gotta work the lunch shift tomorrow , so wish me luck . Sweet dreams . 
wants to wish all my lovely friends that are mommies and mommies to be , a very Happy Mother's Day . If you're in the southern Illinois area come by and visit with me at work ... We have free yummy cake for dessert ! :) 
this day has went from being okay to totally rotten . I'm just gonna go home and clean up the house , shower , and read a while . 
is really blessed to have my mom with me , considering everything she's been through in her life . Also missing my grandmothers , < PROPFIRST > Underwood and Monette Puckett , along with my aunt , < PROPFEMALE > \Sissy\ " Paris-Baker . " 
I really shouldn't even try to play Scrabble with my mother . I don't even have a < PROPMALE > of winning . :( 
is excited < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is coming to Metropolis !!! Anyone interested in getting tickets to go ? 
is off to work . Boo ! 
has a killer headache , but luckily I'm home for the night and soon I'll be in my PJs and curled up with a book . 
It doesn't matter how many times I've seen it , but everytime I watch Smokey and the Bandit , I die laughing ! 
is off to work ... Then off work Wednesday . Yay to that . 
saw two really rude chicks in Walmart tonight . Why can't people just be nice to their fellow man/woman ? 
while you scream at your woman , there is a man wishing he could wisper softly in her ear , while you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you hurt your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman cry there is a man stealing smiles from her ! Put this on your post if you are against domestic violence . 
is eating the local restaurant ... If you know me , you know I'm off to my fave store afterwards . :) 
loves singing random classic rock songs in my head . Its better there than sharing my inability to sing with the world . 
is homeward bound . 
guesses she's gonna contemplate the cosmos since she has nothing better to do ... 
so ... As normal , I finished a book , only to start another one and now its five in the morning and I haven't been to bed yet . I can say that I have read over half of a 450 < PROPFEMALE > book in only a few hours . So I curse the need for sleep , if I didn't have to work tonight I would still be reading . Anyway , off to dream , catch ya'll on the flip side . 
is hangin ' with my Cream Puff . 
is still in Herrin . Why can't last call be 1 instead of 2 ?! 
well ... Its 4:30 and I think I need to sleep . So , sweet dreams to all . 
guesses my nephew , < PROPMALE > , loves his auntie since he has been calling me all morning . The last call had a voicemail which had < PROPFEMALE > asking him where her phone was . I love that baby ! 
had an okay day at work , < PROPMALE > out with my Twinkie for a bit , and read close to 200 pages of City Of Glass . Since I have to open , I'm off to bed . Sweet dreams . :) 
its that time folks ... I'm out . Catch ya sometime in the a.m. Sweet dreams . 
is seeing Letters To < PROPFEMALE > . 
OMG !!! Letters To < PROPFEMALE > was so romantic and tugs at the heart strings . Sorta makes me wanna believe in love again . 
I've been chillin ' with my Cream Puff and Trav ... Interesting evening . 
well , here it is early morning and I'm just going to sleep . it shouldn't surprise me . Anyway , off to dreamland . 
is getting ready to clock in . I think I better just keep my thoughts to myself since I really don't feel like myself today . I can't wait to get out of here tonight . 
is really tired though I don't know why . I'm gonna guess sleeping will be in my near future . 
has finally finished reading The Mortal Instruments books . I must thank my Twin for telling me to buy them . So , next on my reading list is the Blue Blood books . But now it is time for bed . Sweet dreams to all . 
is hiding out ... Volleyball later , though I will likely be running late . 
is going to spend some time in my emo corner ... 
Today wasn't a bad day ... it just wasn't very eventful . Maybe that is the reason behind my emo mood . 
is off to bed , lots to do tomorrow . I have a meeting tomorrow to meet my Uncle < PROPMALE>'s state appointed guardian , trip to Barnes and < PROPMALE > , and Tville's high school graduation . Maybe I can work in some reading time and a nap too . Sweet dreams to all . 
is seriously considering relocating to anywhere but here . :'( 
hasn't felt that great today , due to the fact I have had the sore throat from Hades . Meeting went well , nice bookstore run , nice lunch , and graduation was well , graduation . I'm tired so I'm going to bed . Sweet dreams . 
has slept for twelve hours . I was hoping the sore throat would go away , but its still hanging around . I hope for a semi peaceful night at work . Maybe one that doesn't require me to talk a lot . 
Can everyone keep the greys info on the DL ... I haven't watched it yet !!!! 
wishes I felt better . I hope I'll feel a little better after I get a little more sleep . 
hopes to feel better in the morning . Sweet dreams all . 
Hello Friday ... Oh how you mock me with hopes of a nice day . Then you laugh in my face when you push me down and kick sand in my eyes ! Oh how I hate you ! 
hates everything ! I just wanna go home . 
many of you know my status on taking meds , but today I love cold meds especially since I haven't taken any today . So I'm hoping to go to sleep soon and get some much needed rest . 
just wishes I could rest ! The coughing and sniffling is getting a wee bit old . :( 
is off to work , luckily I'm likely to get out early so I'm happy . Maybe get to watch a movie tonight . 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and my fave little chick , Deseray . :) 
had an okay day . Feeling a lot better , spent time with three of my good friends , and now its time to catch some z's . Gotta work tomorrow along with getting a few things done around the house , so sweet dreams to all . 
has faced yet another day of life and succeeded in not having some massive disaster happen or any other possible bad thing . Totally excited because I get to go get season two of True Blood in the morning !!! ( I love that certain blonde Viking . ) Along with a few new books and what makes it the best is Wednesday is my day off !!! So off to rest , lots to do . Sweet dreams my fellow Facebook pals . 
Dear Powers That Be , I have had enough happen to me already so I hope you plan on letting me have a nice day . If not ... I hate you . 
Dear Powers That Be ... You are a bitch and thanks a lot for the day from hell . :'( 
is so glad this day is over . I really hope tomorrow is better . 
is totally having an emo moment . All I need is more extreme hair , more blood red and black in my wardrobe , and some emo music . 
says its been a long , LONG day . Just got home a few minutes ago , taken a shower , and got a couple little things done . Now its time for what my Twin calls \the trifecta of dreams . \ " Nite ! " 
has a truly awesome friend . Only she would know I would be so happy to receive some awesome \vamp it up\ " nail polish . Yay to blood red polish ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . * Snoopy Dance * " 
I refuse to tell Triple E be a vampire and suck my good mood out of me . Wish me luck tonigh ... 
the job didn't get me down tonight , I'm home for the night too . Gonna relax and read me some Blue Bloods , maybe get in some True Blood too . 
well , I finished Blue Bloods , so I guess I'm gonna start Masquerade . Not going to read very long though . I'm in need of some time with a certain Viking vamp on True Blood . :) 
wishes that I could just runaway from here and never look back . Too many bad feeling and too much crap to deal with . I want to be alone ! 
is too tired to care so I'm off to bed . 
is worn out . After 5 hours of sleep , opening , and going to the cemeteries to put flowers out , I'm tired and sleepy . 
enjoyed the quietness of this night . I finished reading Masquerade , read Revelations , and started reading The < PROPFIRST > Alen Legacy . Its time for bed since I gotta work the lunch shift . Sweet dreams . 
wants to congratulate her Twin on graduating from high school today AND for being Salutatorian of her class ! Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > ! Love you lots ! 
is in the waiting room at the Carbondale ER with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Deseray . My little friend doesn't feel good . :( 
is finally heading back to Thompsonville . Its been a long night . 
says YAY to being home . Its been a really long day . Deseray is on the mend and is feeling better , and enjoyed some McDonalds too . Its time to chill out and relax a bit before bed . 
is sleepy ... time for bed . Sweet dreams . 
this has been such an emo day . :( 
is off to work and its not looking any better than yesterday either . :( 
Why is it that I can't seem to make people happy ?! I can't win for loosing ! 
I QUIT ! That is all . :( 
wonders why the world hates me so much lately . All I get is bad news and seeing people I would rather not see for the rest of my life ! :( 
is amazed that things didn't turn out as bad as I feared . Outside of seeing someone that I would have rather not , things were rather nice . Went to Walmart with < PROPFEMALE > and Deseray and we had Subway when we got back to Tville . Later on , me and Vee talked books and painted our nails . Now its time to relax and chill ! 
has finished her book and has done a little light Dark < PROPMALE > companion book reading , so I think its time for bed . Sweet dreams all . 
its sad when you realize you have no idea what you wanna read and you have 100s of books to choose from . :( 
is trying to pick up her meds at the pharmacy , then off to Hades . Wish me luck ! 
is off to bed . Sweet dreams all ! * Continues to hum the True Blood theme while slipping off into dream land * 
is off to Hades yet again . I just wanna survive and make it home for a nap ! So catch you lovelies later . 
doesn't have to work tomorrow . What do people do on Sundays besides work ? 
what a day !!! Had a nice evening relaxing with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Been chillin ' in my chair while Mom watched TV . Now I think its time for bed . Sweet dreams to all . :) 
Note to self : when your truck is running , don't lock your keys inside . * rolls eyes at self * 
is watching Toy Story 2 while flipping back and forth to check the scores for the Celtics v . Lakers game . Go Celtics ! 
had a nice day . Did a few things with Mom , watched some True Blood , and read some . Its nice to find a sweet book that touches your heart once in a great while , but its late and I need sleep . Sweet dreams to all . 
Dear Monday , You'd better be nice to me or I will go off like a vampire who's just witnessed a paper cut . Your friend , < PROPFIRST > Beth\ 
\ 
( Thanks B ) 
is sad to hear of the passing of < PROPFEMALE > Cowsert . I was very lucky to have the opportunity to meet her . I have met lots of kind people while working at Triple E and she was one of them . We become so attached to the people we meet there and I can say there are a few of us that will miss her greatly . My love goes to her husband , < PROPFIRST > , as well as her family . 
They say a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live ... REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one friend like this . 
honestly doesn't know why I try to win when I play Scrabble against my mother . Its pointless . 
wonders if it is a sad thing when the highlight of your day is coming home from work so you can have an afternoon nap ? I may want to get the work day in BEFORE I really start thinking about the nap though . 
believes I need to go home and hide . After I saw a woman fall at work today , and possibly broke her hip , my heart hurts . We finally talked her into going to the hospital and when the ambulance came it brought back all the memories of the day my dad passed away . :( 
really misses her dad today . :'( 
So ... Summit just annonced that Breaking < PROPFEMALE > will be made into two films ... Why does this thought make me feel ill ??? 
It's sister week !! if you have a sister who has made you laugh wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste to your status . God has blessed me with several sisters but not biological sisters ! I love them just as much though and I'm so thankful for them !! Big Hugs to my sisters ? You know who are ! :) 
thinks its time to go to bed . After all the bad things , sad memories , and tears I am ready to close the door on this day and hope for the best when I wake up . So ... sweet dreams to all and I'll talk to ya when I wake up . 
has finished her book , chatted with Mom , and now is off to dreamland . Hoping for some nice dreams , hopefully ones of hot cowboys or vampires . They are always nice . Sweet dreams to all . 
just watching some DVRed shows at this point . Maybe get in a mini nap . 
in less than 24 hours , I will be watching episode one of season 3 of True Blood ... Heck Yeah !!! 
had fun with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Now I really need to head off to bed . Hoping to get some sleep since I didn't sleep that great last night . Also , it makes the time go by faster since I'm waiting on the new season of True Blood to start . Sweet dreams . 
is off to work ... But I ain't gonna let it get me down ! ' Cause True Blood starts tonight and its an exciting thing in my world !!! Squee !!! 
is finally home ! Talk about hot ! All of my clothes are sticking to me so it means its time for a nice cool shower . Three and a half hours till True Blood too ! 
OMG !!!! Episode one rocked !!! I need next weeks episode ! I need some more < PROPFIRST > ! 
New episode of True Blood watched : check . Eat dinner : check . Finish reading book : check . So I guess everything is accomplished so I'm headed to bed . Sweet dreams . 
is chillin ' with my Twinkie . Then I'm heading home to get some sleep so I can work tomorrow . 
has sorta fallen into an emo funk . I have just realized I miss writing especially since I haven't really wrote anything since last year ! However I can't dwell on it so I'm going to bed . Sweet dreams . 
loves showers ! <3 
is watchin ' the Lakers v . Celtics game with Mom . Let's go Celtics ! 
As Father's Day Approaches : If roses grow in Heaven ~ Lord , pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Daddy's arms and tell him they're from me . Tell him that I love and miss him and when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for awhile . Remembering him is easy , I do it everyday . There's an ache within my heart ... that will never go away . Love you Dad <3 < PROPFIRST > Puckett 08/25/43 - 01/06/06 
is really thinking my iron must be too low cause I'm tired all the time and it doesn't matter how much I sleep . So I'm gonna go to bed with hopes of actually resting and feeling rested when I wake up . Sweet dreams . 
is spending the rest of this < PROPFEMALE > day hiding out . If you know me you'll know where I am . :) 
wishes that I could get control of my emotions . :( 
I give up !!! 
Dear Thursday , \ 
If you are as bad as yesterday , I'm so kicking your tushie ! \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
just had some killer food from 17th Street . Now I have to run to Carbondale to pick up my book and then I'm heading for T'ville . 
is so glad to be home . Chillin ' in my comfy chair while watching the ball game with Mom . 
really should use my computer regularly to prevent massive hours of updating , sorting email , and adding stuff to my facebook ... but the blackberry is so handy ! Well , all is up to date and got massive amounts of books added to my virtual bookshelf so I guess its time for me to head off to bed . Catch everyone when I wake up . 
is at work . It sucks . Closing time can't get here fast enough . 
is wondering where this crazy burst of energy came from ! I have been cleaning house from the moment I walked in the house and doesn't appear the energy is going away . Well I still need to finish dusting my room , put clean sheets on the bed , run the vacuum , dust mop the floors and a variety of other things . This is bad since I have to be at work early to open . 
is glad the house is clean , has fresh sheets with the bed made ... At least three loads of laundry done , and some ready to start in the morning . Now its 4 am and I'm trying to go to sleep since I have to be up at nine to head to work , however I'm just barely tired and its storming again ! I can't win for losing ! Well , good night all . 
Sleeping in my recliner wasn't such a great idea ... But it was hotter than Hades back in my room . However at this moment its a nice 74 degrees , but I have to go to work now ! Luck is not in my favor . So I curse you powers that be ! Curse you ! 
is off work . Waiting on a table to leave so I can eat some lunch . Then I'm headed home so I can take my Father's Day flowers to the cemetery for Dad and back for a nap . Tomorrow is going to be a long day . I hope I don't have a crying fit at work like last year tomorrow . 
had a nice evening chilling with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Not looking forward to work at all . It will be a very sad day and I hope I will get home somewhat early and away from EEE . Sweet dreams to all . 
wants to wish all the fathers out there a happy father's day . Today I will be remembering some of the best family members . My grandfathers , < PROPFIRST > Underwood and < PROPFIRST > Puckett . My uncles , < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Underwood . And especially , my dad , < PROPFIRST > Puckett . I miss them all daily but think of them today too ! I miss and love you all . 
\I don't think < PROPMALE > done it this way ... \"" 
OMG !!! True Blood rocked ! Can't wait for the new episode next week ! 
just saw a post from the True Blood facebook < PROPFEMALE > that confirms season four ! All I can say is heck yeah and daydream about that shower scene that happens in Dead To The World ! Squee !!!! 
is suffering from a slightly emo mood . Hopefully by four pm I'll be having happier feelings . I guess I'm gonna go to bed and have sweet dreams of all the things I love . Good night . 
is asking for prayers for my Uncle < PROPMALE > . It appears that he is in the last stages of CreutzfeldtJakob disease , which is a nerological disease . Today they are moving from their old house in Indiana to their new house between Thompsonville and West Frankfort . Pray for their safe arrival and settling in well . 
wants to let everyone know that my Uncle < PROPMALE > made it from Indiana to the new house without any problems . Keep him and his family in your prayers . Thanks . 
is glad the day is over with and is off to get some sleep . Lots to do tomorrow and so little time . Good night and sweet dreams to all . :) 
is having kick-a ** < PROPFEMALE > up at < PROPFEMALE > Street . Trav sure can make some awesome drinks . 
is amazed by how stupid drunks can be and how overly excited the \young ones\ " are to get drinks in a bar . Talk about inspiration for a bar scene in one of my upcoming stories . LMAO !!! " 
has had one too many adventures today . Now its time for bed . Working the lunch shift and then home for some much needed R&R . Good night . 
Welcome to Southern Illinois ... Road construction capital of the world ! 
is watching DVRed shows that's been on there forever . Ghost Hunters , American Pickers , Pawn Stars , and many others . 
is glad the the family that was over tonight is gone and I can truly relax ! Off to locate my book so I can finish it ! YAY !!! 
As many know this is extrememly early for me , I just got up to go to the bathroom . I find my mother in the kitchen\ 
Me : What are you doing ?! \ 
Mom : ( looking at me like I'm nuts ) What's it look like I'm doing ?! I'm making coffee . \ 
Me : ( looking at the clock ) At 5:30 in the morning ?! \ 
Mom : I haven't been to bed yet ! I can't sleep ! \ 
Poor Mom . She's sleepy . :( 
is sad that one of my BFFs is so sad . I wish she knew how awesome she really is and it doesn't matter what others think of her , just what she thinks of herself . :) 
is a bit on the emo side tonight . I guess I have one too many things on my mind . I guess I need to head to bed so I can work tomorrow . Good night . 
is off to my share of Hades . I'll have freedom around 4 and on a brighter note ... Mom's cooking tonight ! I guess that makes up for being at work all day . 
is waiting ... 
is sad to say my Uncle < PROPMALE > went to be with the Lord this morning . Please say prayers for my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , and cousins , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . I love and miss you , Uncle < PROPMALE > . :'( 
thinks today has been one of the longest days ever ! I'm so emotionally and physically drained from lack of sleep , work being crazy , and the family stuff . Now I'm off to Walmart to get dog food and a variety of other things . 
swears that this has been on one of the longest days of my life . On a bright note , True Blood rocked , but I need to head to bed . So tired . Sweet dreams . 
there are days in which I just want to stay in my jammies and hide ... this is one of those days . 
has lots to do over the next two days so I guess I need to sleep in hopes of getting said things accomplished . Sweet dreams to all . 
is late for a very important date !!! And it don't look like I'm catching up any time soon either . 
is still running late ! 
feels like a traitor to my family cause I'm going to see Eclipse at midnight during such a sad situation . 
is in the theater waiting to see Eclipse with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
in the scheme of things ... Eclipse was pretty good . Well considering it wasn't the book and all and they left out my fave line again . So much better than Twilight ! 
must sleep ! Has to get up early though I foresee a nap in my future . Good night till then . :) 
has a heavy heart today . My Uncle < PROPMALE > was laid to rest today . It makes me miss Dad , Granny Monette , Papaw , Sissy , Grandpa and Grandma Underwood , Aunt < PROPFIRST > and Uncle < PROPMALE > , and Uncle < PROPMALE > . I am especially thinking of you today and loving you like I always do . :'( 
is thinking that sleeping off this killer headache may be the best idea I have . Especially with my anti-pain reliever ways . So if I'm not back around later , hope everyone has sweet dreams and I'll catch ya in the morning . 
is glad the killer headache is gone , though it seems that I have overslept and now feel funky . I guess that means a late night for me . The question of the day now is , what to do with myself ? I do have a couple of ideas though . :) 
is out and about . If you know me well you'll know where to find me later . :P 
feels lonely ... < PROPFEMALE > is gone to a play with friends , the Twin is working ... What am I gonna do ?!?! 
is home for the night . That means I get to finish the book I started earlier today and maybe even start a new one . Did I mention that I slept too much and I'll like be up till < PROPFEMALE > ?! 
has finished rereading Argeneau series by Lynsay Sands ... Took me a whole month and there isn't that many books ( 13 ) in the dang series . Maybe real life has interrupted the joy of books for a while . Next on the agenda : Infinity by Sherrilyn Kenyon . 
loves the worlds that books open for all . Its nice to slip away from reality for a while and be something or see something that wouldn't be possible . That is why I love books so much ... Freedom from reality , even if its just for a little while . Sweet dreams to all . 
is off to Hades . Maybe if I keep my mind in a book things will turn out okay . Talk to everyone later . 
has had it for one day . Off to have sweet dreams of all those paranormal or fantasy things I love ! Sweet dreams to all ! 
A person can only handle so much BS in their lives ... Personally , I've had enough ! 
is really starting to believe the world is out to get me ! Hiding out sounds like the best plan for me . 
is waiting to see Eclipse again . I'm seeing it with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
is so tired ! I'm off to bed . Sweet dreams to all . 
Wonders how it feels to actually have the day off on a holiday . :( 
is home from work , outside chores are done , laundry is in the washer , and a nice shower . Now its time to kick back in my chair and relax for the rest of the night . 
is totally multi-tasking . I'm reading a book , updating things on facebook , and watching True Blood . 
after finishing my book , Mom leaving my room at 4 a.m. and my computer not wanting to shut down , I'm going to sleep . Sweet dreams to all . 
is glad to be home for the night , nothing too dramatic happened at EEE tonight which was a plus , I have yummy to go food to eat with Mom ... Just need a shower and a good book and all will be well in the world . :) 
is it sad that I got my shower in , ate dinner , and now I'm so tired I can't even get to my book ! ( And that's something ! ) I'm off to bed . Sweet dreams to you . 
I know some won't believe me , but I swear my house is haunted ! 
is so tired . Had a long day , work was okay , cleaned my house , and went and washed my truck . After a nice shower and dinner , its time for bed . Sweet dreams to all . 
is off to unknown places of grandeur ... Not really but I am off to my favorite store . :) 
To Whom It May Concern :\ 
Please be nice to me today . I felt really emo last night and I don't wanna repeat or urges of severe anger . I need a day of happiness !!!! \ 
Thanks 
I know I said be nice to me , but you could have at least sent me some people so I didn't have to stand around and be lonely all day ! \ 
Thanks ... Thanks a lot . :( 
is off to have some wicked dreams ... Vampires , Werewolves , Demons ... Oh My !!! :) \ 
Sweet dreams to all . 
thinks it time for bed . My head is killing me and the best cure for a headache in my book is sleep so sweet dreams to all . 
thinks its a beautiful day !!! The only thing that would make it better would be that I didn't have to work ! 
thinks people really shouldn't wear pleather pants ... 
is home for the night and I'm going to bed . Work will be summoning me there by 11 so sleep is a must . Good night/good morning to all . 
thinks that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is one sexy man . :) 
has had a relatively quiet evening , outside of the fact that we lost our power for about forty-five minutes . I watched the new episode of True Blood , totally awesome ... I finished my book , updated my virtual bookshelf , considered starting a new book but decided that wasn't a safe idea since I wouldn't sleep at all ... So , I wish all sweet dreams , I'm out of here for the night . 
loves the random texts I get from two of my BFFs . Especially texts between me and my Twin . :D 
has decided that there a few choice things that make the world great : Family , friends , and books . :D 
had a lovely day even though I worked tonight . Finished my book and I get to start reading Linger tomorrow ! Yay !!! Work in the morning and have the coal association meeting at 7 so lots to do so I need some Z's . Sweet dreams . 
can tell ya what would make this day better ... Not working this afternoon ! 
' s AC has died at home . :( 
is hoping that when the people come to take my AC to be fixed they bring a spare to put in . Off to work ... :( 
thinks the powers that be hate me . :( 
is sitting out in the backyard trying to avoid the heat of my house ! Its 90 degrees in there !!! 
is asking for prayers for my friends ' , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , father . He will be having brain surgery tomorrow . They believe it may be cancer and may have it in three more places . Thanks . 
asks all her friends to keep < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and their father in your thoughts today . He is having brain surgery today as well as checking three other spots . Thank you . 
just talked to Mom and the AC has been restored at the Puckett house !!! 
wants to let everyone know that my friends dad has made it through his surgery and is doing well . Thanks to everyone who prayed for him . 
A recap of my adventure with my friend < PROPFEMALE > Williams : After laughing hysterically about the weird locations of random departments at the < PROPMALE > Super Walmart , we were headed back to her house . It is then that my phone begins to ring , singing \Start A Band . \ " I laugh when I pick it up because it was her phone calling . \ 
thinks that its time for bed . Time to dream dreams of vampires , or anything else my mind can come up with . I hope all have or had good dreams and I'll catch up with everyone when I wake up . I'm off tomorrow so I'm not gonna be in any kind of hurry to do anything . Until then ... 
just found out that apparently there was some massive excitement in Thompsonville last night . Thankful that everyone for the most part is okay and that justice is served in the end . 
There are days that I curse small town life , but today I don't . When terrible things happen to people we know ... we stand together as one , a united front againt all the bad . That's something to be proud of . 
is off to dream land . Sweet dreams to all . 
wonders if thinking that the new episode of True Blood is the most exciting thing that will happen in the day is a bad thing ? 
Home Sweet Home !!! Showered , laundry is washing , the paper is read , and now I'm waiting on True Blood to start at 8 . 
OMG !!! True Blood was all kinds of awesome ! Lots was revealed and a yummy Viking flashback ! Can't wait till next week to find out what happens !!! SQUEE !!! 
is finally going to bed . I've been rereading a book , when I should be reading Linger but its a dangerous thing to read new stuff this late at night . Hope all have or had sweet dreams . Night . 
is having one of those days in which I just want to hide and have limited contact with the world , but work is gonna force me out into the public ! I curse you job ! 
really thinks that it would have been safer for me to stay home tonight than going to work . People that you want to forget tend to pop up when you least expect them and you want nothing more than to cause them physical harm or run for cover . 
is really tired . So I guess I'm off to bed . Sweet dreams to all . 
is still sleepy but I'm off to work . The inner history geek in me is sharing my tidbit of history I gained from the History channel fb < PROPFEMALE > . Confederate General < PROPFIRST > Hood attacks Union forces under General < PROPFIRST > T . < PROPMALE > outside Atlanta in 1864 and in 1969 < PROPMALE > Armstrong and < PROPMALE > \Buzz\ " Aldrin become the first men to walk on the < PROPFEMALE >." 
is glad to be off work . Gonna get some stuff done and sitting my chair in relax . 
Dear Wednesday , \ 
I know you are on the downward slide but I ask for your kindness so I can survive the thing called work . It would be greatly appreciated . Thanks . 
says its that time again . Time to head off to a world of dreams and fantasy . Almost finished the book I am reading , but I don't think I can finish it tonight , so it will be one of those things to finish tomorrow . So ... sweet dreams to you all , and I'll catch ya sometime after I wake up . Good night . 
thinks that hiding out is the best thing to do on your days off , so I'm out hiding in public for a while . Then home to relax . Got another book at home waiting on me . :) 
is getting ready to have some yummy fish Mom has cooked ! :) 
really enjoyed today ... Read a book and started another , had lunch in Carbondale along with going to Barnes & < PROPMALE > , visited with Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , and had some yummy fish . Too bad I have to go back to work tomorrow . So , I'm off to bed to dreams some nice dreams . Good night . 
is getting ready to eat lunch and read till time to go to work . Exciting things !!! 
just got home from work . It wasn't too terrible either . Had a nice dinner with < PROPFEMALE > afterwards too . Now I just need to get in a shower and do some laundry . Off work tomorrow , might go see me an afternoon movie . 
Tough girls come from New York . Sweet girls come from Alabama , but we ILLINOIS girls have FIRE and ICE in our blood . We can ride four wheelers , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw left hooks and drink with the boys and if we have an opinion , you know you're going to hear it !!! Repost if you're a true ILLINOIS girl ! 
thinks that I've had enough for today . I'm yawning so that's a sign that I need to head to bed . So , I hope everyone has sweet dreams ... I hope mine don't have me with no AC again . :( Good night . 
is getting ready to head to C'dale with Twinkie . Fun times I tell ya ! :) 
just got home from Carbonale a few minutes ago . Had lots of fun with < PROPFEMALE > . Gave her birthday gift to her early , had a nice dinner , and we enjoyed the bookstore . Now I need to put some books away since I got my bookends now . :) 
is headed to bed . Had a nice day , sad that its over . Guess I am going to lunch with Mom and the Puckett aunts and uncles before I have to go to work . The highlight of my day will be the new episode of True Blood I get to watch when I get home . So sweet dreams to all . :) 
Its just one of those days ... Sigh . 
I curse you job ! You are taking me away from my True Blood tonight when it appears that the episode is gonna be freaking awesome ! All I can say to the EEE crew is they better get their rears in gear cause we're gonna get out of there ASAP !!!! 
has to say that tonights episode of True Blood was freaking awesome ! Still too many unanswered questions I want answered ! Needed more < PROPFIRST > ! Anyway , I'm off to bed , so sweet dreams to all . 
had a nice day with friends , and enjoyed some much needed quiet time around the house . Finished reading a couple of books , and looking forward to starting The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo after getting off work . I'm off to bed though . Sweet dreams to all . 
is headed off to work . Needing to make some $$$ . After work I guess me and Mom are going to dinner somewhere . Then I'm starting my new book ! 
is relaxing at home . Had dinner at La Fiesta with Mom and it was very yummy . I came home and ended up falling asleep for three hours . That makes me look old and I refuse to get old !!!! Anyway ... I'm off to start reading The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo and relax in my chair for a bit since it doesn't appear that I am going to be sleeping any time soon . 
is thinking about trying to go to bed , though I don't know how well that will work out for me since I had the nap earlier . Also , I'm about five chapters in my book and I have to say it is a very interesting read , something that isn't in my normal reading genre . I am looking forward to finishing it tomorrow and starting the next book in the series . Until tomorrow facebook friends ... good night and sweet dreams . 
got the oil changed in my truck today , having lunch now , but after that , I'm not real sure what's gonna happen . 
has only one word to discribe The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo : WOW !!! I can't wait to start The Girl Who Played With Fire ! Anyway , my mind feels like mush from hours of reading so I'm off to bed . Sweet dreams to all . 
thinks that today was pretty okay . Nothing dramatic happened . I've been a little tired but I think its due to reading so much last night . I am about 100 pages into The Girl Who Played With Fire and I'll read more tomorrow . Off to watch me some True Blood . 
wishes that there was a way to make money while reading books ... I'd be < PROPMALE > if that was the case . 
is off to work . Maybe I can plot through ideas for some writing since I have to get back to work on it soon . 
is extremely tired ! I need sleep ! My body aches and Mom's in my room playing Nintendo ! I don't even want to read ! ( Scary right ?! ) So I guess I'm gonna hide somewhere till she's done . Good night all . 
Dear Saturday , \ 
I know many don't work today , but I do so ... No funny business ! Nice and quiet day please . :) \ 
Thanks . 
really can't believe that its been a year since I finished Written In The Stars . It still feels like yesterday when I started it . I think a year hiatus is good enough , though I'm not returning to fic , its time to start working on some original stuff . 
Woot woot ! True Blood !!! 
<3 ' s True Blood !!! 
is going to bed . Worrying about my dog , < PROPMALE > . He's really sick and hoping to get him to the vet in the morning . He may be a pain in the tush but I love him . 
My English setter < PROPMALE > has went to be with my dad now . His heart wasn't strong enough to take any treatments so my mom and myself made the choice to put him to sleep . He was one of the best dogs and he will be dearly missed . :'( 
is still sad due to losing my fur baby . :( 
ATTENTION TUESDAY NITE T'VILLE VOLLEYBALL PLAYERS : No vball in the gym tonight . Its closed to get ready for Bible school tomorrow . 
is hiding out ... I'm having dinner now , then the bookstore , then I'm going to get home for some much needed relaxation and reflection . Missing my fur kid . 
really needs to stop putting off sorting email , but its done . I also went online and FINALLY got me the free ebook , Fear The Darkness by Sherrilyn Kenyon . Now I finally have all the Dark < PROPMALE > stories to this point and will have the < PROPMALE > to fill in the blanks in between some of the stories . Its well after three in the morning , so I'm off to bed . Sweet dreams to you all and catch ya when I wake up . 
is watching some episodes of season one of One Tree Hill while I read some more of The Girl Who Played With Fire . 
is over halfway done with my book so I'm hoping to finish after work tomorrow . Gonna watch a another episode of One Tree Hill then I'm off to bed . Working the lunch shift tomorrow . Sweet dreams to all . 
is off to work ... Can't wait for 3:45 ! Everyone have a nice afternoon . 
has had a relatively quiet day . Work was alright , I went shopping to end up buying nothing at all , and now I'm hiding out on the computer for a while before I retire to my chair with my book . Exciting stuff isn't it ? 
didn't get around to reading my book tonight but I did catch up on my True Blood fic that I had been reading in the past . Gotta love me some < PROPFIRST > ! Guess I'm gonna get ready for bed and relax some . I'll read some before work tomorrow . Anyway , good night to all , and sweet dreams . 
Boo to work ! See everyone after nine pm . 
has realized that its about time to start my yearly deep clean of my bedroom . Maybe if I get rid of some stuff I'll be able to get a new bookshelf , a big one too ! I'm just gonna have to start sometime and work around the room . However , I really need to head to bed . Opening in the morning , so good night and sweet dreams to all . :) 
is out and about . Missing my BFF ... She has been MIA today . 
has had enough for one day . Ready for a fresh start tomorrow . Sweet dreams to all . Good night . :) 
is hiding out ... got the computer on while I try to finish reading this dang book . Its good , I just have this problem of getting really distracted . I'm gonna turn on the satellite radio so I have something to listen to while I try to finish it ... then I got to read the paper . I'm a wee bit behind tonight . 
has finally finished reading The Girl Who Played With Fire !!!! Its been a long week trying to get it read , and I'm so excited to start The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest tomorrow . I guess I am gonna sneak off to watch some TV for a bit before bed . Good night to all and may you all have sweet dreams ! 
Elves , Dwarves , and Hobbits ... Oh My !!! Can you guess what I'm watching . I bet my Twin knows . 
says welcome to yet another sweltering hot day in southern Illinois ! A day you could cook an egg on on your car hood , the sidewalk , or even the road ! Stay cool everyone ! 
ATTENTION T'VILLE VOLLEYBALL PLAYERS : I just talked to < PROPFEMALE > and she wants everyone to know that we're back in the gym tonight . 
is attempting to jump my aunts car . Talk about a redneck moment . 
wonders why I'm ignored all day long but as soon as it time to go to bed , I'm yelled at constantly . Sigh . 
has had enough of this day . Maybe tomorrow will be quiet and uneventful . That is what I'm looking for . Please continue to keep my adopted dad , < PROPMALE > Griffin , as well has his family in your thoughts , he will be having some tests done in the morning . Sweet dreams to all . 
continues to ask for good thoughts & prayers for my adopted dad , < PROPMALE > Griffin . I talked to one of his granddaughters & was told that his defibulator has been going off through the night & has been flown from Carbondale to Springfield , and < PROPFEMALE > L . Griffin is on her way there . Also keep their daughters , < PROPFEMALE > Griffin Rife & < PROPFEMALE > Griffin < PROPMALE > & their granddaughters , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > in your thoughts . 
wants to update everyone on < PROPMALE > Griffin's status . It appears that he had a chemical imbalance in turn causing the heart issues . They plan to adjust his medication and hopes to be home within a few days . Keep those thoughts and prayers going . 
is off to hide in my chair for a while with my book , but I'm gonna watch the rest of Two Towers here in a little while . :) 
is sneaking away ... I've decided that this day didn't like me much , and I'm hoping tomorrow will be somewhat kinder . I'm optimistic ... Off to finish reading the chapter I was on earlier and then watch some episodes of season one of One Tree Hill . Good night to all and sweet dreams . 
want to do nothing more than hide all day ... However closing tonight puts a hitch in that plan . But until then ... I'm hiding . 
thinks its a wee challenging when you are trying to read a book , reread some of your own writing , and surf the web . I can do it though . :) 
didn't realize how tired I was till I looked at the clock and realized it was three in the morning ! So I guess I need to go to bed especially since I have to work the lunch supervisor shift . ( Boo to that ! ) Good night and sweet dreams to all . 
really misses the simple things in life somedays ... Today's example is just sitting in your chair watching TV . * relaxed sigh * 
guesses that I need to go fix me some dinner . 
is off to dream of hot sexy men with swords ! OR ... A Viking Vampire with a sword ! Too many options I tell ya ! Good night and sweet dreams . 
is jealous that my Twin and my BFF can < PROPFEMALE > together now , and I'm stuck in Illinois . :( 
needs to get a job in espionage so I won't have to be subjected to Puckett family pictures . 
wishes she could just melt into the walls and hide forever . 
is watching TV with Mom . At least it isn't game shows ... 
is going to bed . Gotta work the lunch shift and then I'm off work Wednesday . So ... Good night and sweet dreams to all . 
thinks it doesn't get more depressing than knowing you lost your day off tomorrow , you have to close , and you don't get a day off till Saturday . :( 
wants to wish my Twin , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , a very Happy Birthday !!! Hope its as awesome as you are ! Love ya ! :) 
thinks its been one of those days . I don't know if I can handle reading tonight ... So the question should be , who do I want to see more , < PROPFIRST > or Aragorn ? 
is wondering what the heck is going on between West Frankfort and Thompsonville . On my way to work I was met by a WF fire truck and saw a < PROPMALE > truck headed in the same direction . If anyone knows , I'm just curious . 
went and picked up a copy of Rolling Stone which has an article on True Blood and a copy of Entertainment Weekly . Gotta make one more brief stop then I'm on my way home to shower and relax . Maybe watch me a movie too . 
is hiding out . So thankful for quiet time . Especially when you don't get the opportunity for it very often . 
Dear Powers That Be :\ 
Please be kind to me tonight , let lots of people come sit in my section so I can make some money , and survive the insanity of this place so I can make it through the night . Tomorrow is my day off , I just need some peace ! Thank you . 
is excited to be able to hide out all day tomorrow . I get to take a break from my time as an actress and get to be myself . Rest and Relaxation ... Here I come . 
thinks its time to slip off to bed and forget my worries for a while . Sweet dreams everyone . 
finally finished reading The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest ! And I also realized that I haven't read a vampire book in more than a month !!! So I'm rereading the Sookie Stackhouse series . :) 
thinks that being scheduled to work on a Sunday night during True Blood's season is cruel and unusual punishment ! :'( 
has decided that I am officially distressed after watching the new episode of True Blood . What the heck is < PROPFIRST > thinking locking Sookie in the basement of Fangtasia ?! Ugh ! I guess I need to go read the books so I can get my < PROPFIRST > fix that doesn't break my heart . Wishing I wasn't on book 2 of the series , I want book four ! Anyway , I'm off to see what my mother is up to and get ready for bed . Sweet dreams to all . 
is super tired , and my ankles hurt too . Gotta work the lunch shift and then I'm off work for the next two days . Gotta finish shopping for Mom's birthday on Wednesday . Gonna get ready for bed . So , good night and sweet dreams . 
says good morning to all . Listening to some < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > while I get ready for work ... Gotta make me some $$$ to finish up birthday shopping for Mom . Wish me luck . 
saw this picture of my cousin , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , and my Mamaw Puckett today and it made me cry . I really wish I would have had a < PROPMALE > to know her . Sigh . 
stupid scroll ball in this phone won't scroll down ! Now I have to go to Alltel in the morning . I know I'm going to end up being extra mad in the morning ! 
got a new phone today . No more scroll balls for this chick ! Anyway , today is a sad and happy day . Today is my Mom's 61st birthday and it also would have been my Dad's 67th birthday . So ... Happy Birthday Mom and Dad . I love you both , and Dad ... I miss you . 
is off with Mom and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > to eat at < PROPFIRST>'s in < PROPFIRST > . Meeting < PROPFEMALE > there . Hope Mom enjoys her birthday dinner . :) 
knows its time to wake up when you start having work nightmares . Guess I'll go see what Mom's up to ... 
thinks leftovers and cupcakes are so yummy . 
really wishes I could have more days like today ! Nice , quiet , and peaceful . 
has read over half of Club Dead , started some laundry , washed the dishes , changed all the trash cans , and picked up the bathroom sink . Now I guess I have to get ready for work . If you're in the West Frankfort area come see me tonight . 
thinks my feet are dying . I hope they don't since they expect me to work the lunch shift tomorrow . 
is off to dreamland . Sweet dreams to all . 
its official ! Its too early ! NEED MORE SLEEP !!!! Maybe I need to discuss bedtime with my mother since she doesn't think you should go to bed before three in the morning !!! Sigh , off to work . 
was so looking forward to going home at four , guess that ain't happening . I won't get to go home till after we close . :'( 
is honestly ready for a new day . After being stuck at work all day to start home and realize that your truck has to go to the shop due to a few possible problems , anyone would be ready for a fresh start . No work tomorrow but I'm stuck at home but I'm okay with that . Off to rest my poor ankles and feet . Good night . 
is chillin ' in my chair . This is what was missing from my life yesterday ! TRUE BLOOD tonight too !!! 
really finds < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > to be an attractive guy . :) 
Blueberry Mt Dew for the win ! 
is ready for some True Blood !!! 
is now depressed ! < PROPFIRST > can't meet the final death ! :'( 
sat down and reread Dead To The World after my drop into depressing thoughts on the True Blood front . That book gives me hope that < PROPFIRST > will survive . Off to bed now . Sweet dreams . 
is going back to bed . I've only slept a little over two hours and been awake for the most part since 6:30 . Got the truck to the shop and I hope they can fix it too . Gotta work later so I need some rest . 
is not meant to sleep or have good luck ! The garage called and it is my radiator on my truck . $200+ ! And that's not including the labor or them fixing the power window switch . And I have no way to get to work since Mom has her truck in the shop too . UGH !!! 
is waiting on her ride to work . :( 
misses her truck ! This stranded feeling sucks . Hopefully Mom's truck will be fixed tomorrow . I'm hoping to have mine back by at least Thursday . 
is going to bed . So tired . Lack of sleep will do that to ya . Good night and sweet dreams . 
is already at work since my ride had to be here so dang early ! I hope one of our vehicles is done today ! 
is happy to report both trucks are home and well . I've been to the bookstore , took Mom to Walmart and is in the process of doing laundry . I hope I get to go to bed soon . 
BED TIME !!! Good night and sweet dreams . 
is off to yet another day of Triple E . Is it sad when the highlight of your day is going home to sit around the house in your jammies ? Have a good day everyone ! 
really wishes that I hadn't fallen asleep earlier . I wouldn't have read all night if that was the case . Gonna try and sleep now . Sweet dreams . 
Shower : check . Laundry washing : check . Comfy chair : check . Fuzzy blanket and socks : check , check . Relaxing with a good book : priceless ! 
is starting to get extremely tired . Book is read , started a new one , but when your eyes start sticking , its time for bed . Good night and sweet dreams to all . 
has this feeling that today may be one of those days that I should stay at home and hide . 
guesses its time to go get a few things done . I wish I could just stay at home . 
wants a nook ! 
is ready to be at home . I'm sleepy . 
is getting ready for a wedding . 
is on her way to the wedding . Please let me find this place . 
has to say Blue Sky Vineyard is beautiful !!! 
is waiting on a wedding . 
wants to say congratulations to Mr. and Mrs. < PROPFIRST > Hornbeck . May you have many happy years together . 
is completely exhausted ! I'm ready for bed . Congratulations again to my friend < PROPFEMALE > and her new husband , < PROPMALE > . Good night all and sweet dreams . 
thinks that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr's video for All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight had to be one of the most awesome videos ever ! 
has reached the her favorite time of day ... Sitting in her chair with her book !!! 
\Well 
\I really wanna care . \ 
thinks its time for bed . Sweet dreams and good night to all . 
really wishes my moodiness passes soon . I'm kinda tired of feeling this way . Its late so I'm going to bed . Good night . 
is getting ready to watch the Saints/Vikings game . My BFF , < PROPFEMALE > , is in the Dome and is my inside informant on what's up ! And yes , Twin , I'm watching ! Who Dat ! 
SAINTS TOUCHDOWN !!!! WHO DAT !!!! 
really doesn't know how virtual pinching me is going to keep me from falling asleep . My Twin thinks it helps . Who knows ?! 
SAINTS WIN !!! 14-9 !!! Who Dat !!! 
If your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad \ 
ever , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he \ 
is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let \ 
everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly !! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Puckett ( 1943-2006 ) Love and miss you Dad . 
FACEBOOK FRIENDS -- Tommorrow at 8:46 am Until 10:28 everyone should stay\ 
silent-no postings -no chat- nothing -- from the time the first plane \ 
hit until the last building fell --- POST AND REPOST PASS IT ON 
Nine years ago today I was a sophomore in high school and had just finished running in PE class when someone ran into the gym to tell us about the attacks in NYC and DC . Our world was forever changed that day and we should remember this day today and everyday to come . May we become a stronger and more united country . God bless us all . 
just finished my book . \ 
I'm so ready for bed . Gotta work the lunch shift but its all good since I'm gonna be home for the season finale of True Blood !!!! Any who ... Good night and sweet dreams . 
was driving up her road when the neighbors chickens decided to dive into the road ! They must be related to the Japanese and have kamikaze tendencies !!! 
gonna get in a quick nap before True Blood !!! 
feels recharged from the nap ! Now I'm off to get some pizza and hot wings to eat while I watch True Blood !!! Can I say , WIN !!! Oh and I'm getting a Blueberry Mt Dew too !!! 
All I can say is WOW to the season finale of True Blood . Twelve weeks out of the year I get beyond excited and now I have to wait till next June for my True Blood fix ! Can't get here fast enough . 
has spent most of the night after watching that awesome episode of True Blood reading The Hobbit . At first I wasn't really sure if I liked it but I think I'll end up liking it after all . Can't wait to start reading The Lord Of The Rings books . However , I'm getting tired so I'm off to watch a few minutes of TV then off to bed . Good night . 
\Last thing I remember 
has been deep in thought about things lately . I've really been missing my Grandma and Grandpa Underwood here in the past few weeks . It doesn't seem like 17 years since I lost them . Its hard to realize how much life has changed and how they can never truly go back to the way they were . :'( 
is off to have a fun filled day with my pal , < PROPFEMALE > . Gotta love days off with great friends ! Woot woot !!! :) 
came to pick up a book and was told that I'll have to come back another day , because its in one of the 100 boxes they haven't opened yet ! If you really know me ... You don't screw with my books !!! UGH ! 
< PROPFEMALE > limeade < PROPFEMALE > for the WIN !!! 
thinks that outside of the minor bookstore anger , today was a rather awesome day . Hoping tomorrow goes just as well . Just need to get home and shower so I can hit the bed . 
thinks its beyond time for bed so I'm off to snuggle in my bed and hope for some sweet dreams . Good night . 
Welcome to another day in paradise . Maybe not paradise , but you get the point . Today's plan : comfy chair , fuzzy socks and cover , and a good book !!! Hope everyone is having a wonderful day !!! :) 
really wishes I didn't have to go back to reality tomorrow . Today was wonderful and I want more days like this . However , duty calls and I have to go to \Hades\ " by 10 so I guess I need sleep . Good night and sweet dreams . " 
Dear Thursday :\ 
Please be nice to me ... I don't have the energy for any BS so send it to someone else . I'm not having it . However if you're handing out nice quite days , I'll take one . Thanks . 
has been drinking lots of Mt Dew along with eating lots of salt and vinegar chips while watching old episodes of One Tree Hill . I need to be reading , however I don't have the energy . 
is really not feeling all that well . I think I may go to bed . Even after my accidental nap earlier , I'm still sleepy . Good night and sweet dreams . 
is worried about my little pal , Deseray . < PROPFEMALE > and her mom and step-dad are taking her to the ER . They are worried she may have pneumonia . Please keep her in your thoughts . 
Deseray Update : They called and confirmed that she doesn't have pneumonia , however she is severely congested and had to have two breathing treatments in the ER . She will be home soon . 
Well its time for bed , however my mother is blaring the TV at 3:30 in the morning !!! And people wonder why I'm tired all the time . Well I'm gonna try to sleep but I likely won't till she decides to go to bed . Good night . 
Thanks Mom for watching TV till no telling when this morning . Let's say I didn't sleep , and what little I did , I was woke up by you banging around the house at 8 . Now I'm off to work . See everyone after 4 . 
has had one heck of a day ... Uber busy at work today . Went to visit < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , and made a Walmart run . The highlight of this day : my chair ! 
gets to go to bed !!!! Mom's crashed for the night so its time for me to do the same . Good night and sweet dreams to all ! 
noticed this praying mantis on the blade of her windshield wiper and it was swinging its arms against the wind . Did it really think that his mad karate moves were gonna help him take out the wind ? Hmmm . 
just wants to escape for a while ... Destination unknown . 
just has to survive till 9 PM and I'll be free till Thursday . I hope I can do it . Please let me make it through ! 
SAINTS WIN !!!! 
isn't feeling very good , so I'm gonna try and sleep . Good night . 
is awake but I'm still sleepy and Mom is still in bed so I'm going back to sleep . The joys of having the day off . Zzzzz .... 
Good Afternoon Southern Illinois !!! Its a beautiful day and lots to do . Hope that everyone has a wonderful day !!!! :D 
Let the emo mood begin ... 
has truly decided that me and the world have some massive issues . Not that I'm not thankful for what I have , but after how dark and depressed as I was yesterday along with my anti social crap ... I don't sleep at all ! Not for a lack of trying though . And I have to go open and be there till 4 . Curse you !!! UGH !!! 
is so thankful for my Twin and my BFF . You may be < PROPMALE > away , but you're always a text away . I love you both . 
lives in constant states of confusion , some days its more extreme than others . 
thinks my give a damn is beyond busted . 
is waiting on my mother to finish watching TV so I can go to sleep . She just has the TV turned up too loud and its like you are in the room with it when you're at the other end of the house . Working the lunch shift in the morning , can't wait to get in some much needed quiet time . Good night everyone . 
is hiding today . If you need to find me , check the usual places or text me . If you don't have my number or know my usual < PROPFEMALE > outs , you are < PROPFIRST > . :) 
just spent the last hour in a deep freezer in my flip flops ... Ewww ! 
wonders what the heck I was thinking when I volunteered myself to work tomorrow ! I officially question what little sanity I have . So since I have to be there at 9 , I better go to bed . Good night Facebook . 
Monday ... I hate you . That is all . * sigh * 
went and fell asleep for a few hours ... Now its one in the morning and I need to be sleeping but I'm watching TV . Silly me ! 
is thinking about going to bed . So tired ! Good night Facebook . 
has been shopping with Mom and we're just finishing having lunch . Guess we'll be headed home soon . 
thinks its time for a nap . 
is waiting for my aunt to come by so I can see her for a bit before I head out for the night . Lots to do . :) 
is bookstore bound ! 
believes its time to snuggle in my bed and get some sleep . Its been a long day . Gonna watch TV for a few and then off to dream land . Good night everyone . 
thinks that even though I haven't been awake long OR been outside yet , I personally think the safest thing for me to do today is hide out . :) 
is watching some DVRed espisodes of Swamp People . Its an awesome show ! 
is out hiding somewhere along with my book . 
is back to watching the rest of my DVRed episodes of Swamp People . 
can't wait to see the new < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > movie !!! 
Dear Thursday\ 
Why don't you take the day off and let Wednesday come back and work today .... No ? Then I hate you ! UGH !!!! 
To be a writer you have to live in a fantasy world part of the time , love the craft , and not care what others think , write only for yourself . 
has decided its time to find myself again , well my writing self . I've been in deep thought over everything and I think its time to start getting myself together and start on new stuff and fix the old so I can truly move past it . I'm ready to start on the stories that have been ideas for the past year or so . Wish me luck . 
just wants to get back in bed and snuggle with her pillow . Its too dang cold and Mom has all the windows open !!! Curse you work that is making me leave the warmth of my bed !!! 
is power napping . :) 
is still trying to figure out why my Twin and BFF are wanting to move to Finland . The BFF is wanting to adopt a Finnish and Chinese girls . I'm just concerned , also ... Its just flat out cold there !!!! 
is hiding again . Good times . :) 
is finally having dinner . I'm all achy and getting tired so I probably will be heading home . 
is home for the night . Jammies : check . Fuzzy cover : check check . Relaxing in my chair : priceless ! 
' s will to do anything is not present today . I just want my pillow , cover , and bed . I curse you Triple E for taking me away from all three ! 
is tired of Triple E drama . I just need to keep reminding myself that after I go to New Orleans that I can find another job . Also , I'm going this week to apply for a substitute teacher certificate . I got options ! I just need to get there . 
is home , emo , and really cold . Just wants to hide and be far , far away from all the drama . 
is emo . :( 
\I'm gonna be somebody . \ 
is having lunch with Mom . :) 
is starting to think the hour power nap I took was a bad idea . I'm so hyper now it isn't even funny !!! 
had a very peaceful day . Read some , had a nice lunch with Mom , and now I'm gonna try to go to sleep . Sweet dreams my friends . 
has been thinking that I am so lucky to have such wonderful friends . So I wanna say thanks to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and my many other friends . I love you all so much and I'm lucky to call you my friends . 
had a long but nice day . Gotta open so I need sleep , problem is Mom's in my room playing Nintendo again . Figures . Good night . 
thinks that today has played games with what little sanity I have and I don't see it improving either . I just have to make it through Monday ... Then it should be okay . 
has finally finished updating stuff on my computer . If I didn't have crappy dial up I would actually get on here more often , but it seems I only get on here once every month . Anyway ... visual bookshelf is updated , so is my anti virus stuff , so I think its time for me to get ready for bed . Mom will be heading to bed soon so I'll be able to sleep . So , good night & sweet dreams to all , & catch everyone when I wake up . 
The joys of sleep ... You're finally alone with your thoughts ... Then you wake up and wonder why you can't live the life of a hermit . So boo to you job that forces me to leave my house and pushes my sometimes forced nice side . 
is out and about with < PROPFEMALE > . Watch out world !!! 
is worn out . Yep , I'm just going to bed . Need some Z's in prep for my cousin's wedding at 4 . Dang that means its 11 1/2 hours away . Anyway , good night/morning . 
Wedding at four ... Me : just woke up and sitting in my chair in my jammies and debating how hungry I am or if I should just wait till later . 
is in the car wash . On way to wedding . Busy night . 
15 minutes till the wedding . < PROPFEMALE > is beautiful ! 
Congragulations to Mr. and Mrs. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Wissinger ! Wishing you much happiness . 
Yesterday , I gained a new cousin . Today I have two friends taking the plunge ! Congratulations goes to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > and to < PROPFEMALE > and Josch . I wish I could be there on your happy days , but work calls . Love you both and may you have many happy years ahead . 
thinks that sitting in my comfy chair is the best part of my day . :) 
DVRed True Blood episodes <3 
is going to sleep with hopes of sweet dreams and maybe a few vampires . Good night . 
is currently suffering from emo mood swings . :( 
Have I ever mentioned I don't like storms ?! * covers eyes * 
reading fan fic in a bar from my phone ... blah !!! 
really wishes that I could figure out some things and set myself on the right course . Life has been tough lately . 
really loves her friends , however they do make her wonder about them . Mischievous they are ! 
A true best friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies !!! They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking & never question the friendship . Repost if you have one true friend . They will know who they are !! ? 
had a dead day at work , super tired , and to top it off , I locked my keys in my truck ! Such a wonderful day ! NOT !!! 
is watching Stagecoach . I have tired to watch this dang movie so many times it isn't even funny . Then Grey's and Private Practice . 
is sitting in the dark ... We have no power ! 
is awake ... What more would the world want from me ? Oh yeah , to go to work and be uber happy . I'd prefer home with my jammies on and in my chair . 
hates that I have to work all afternoon tomorrow , though I did have a blast tonight after work with < PROPFEMALE > . We went to eat and went to < PROPFIRST > Walmart . However my feet and legs are now achy . 
Why can't I have Saturdays off like most people ?! 
Seventeen years ago today , I lost my grandmother and name sake , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Underwood . She was such a classy lady and wonderful person . You are gone but not forgotten . Love you and miss you Grandma . :'( 
Today wasn't a very good day for many reasons . So I'm off to try to make my evening nice . 
Homeward bound !!! Home = pajamas , chair , and book . 
is sitting in my chair watching the movie , In The Heat Of The Night . Good times . 
talk about a blah day . Guess I shouldn't complain , nothing disastrous has happened . Guess I'm off to bed , so sweet dreams to all . 
is relaxing with a Coke while chilling with my Cream Puff . Good times . Off work tomorrow too ! 
To bed I go ... Until I awake sometime today . Hope everyone has sweet dreams and a good morning . Good night . 
So its my day off ... What to do ... To sleep or go to my fave store . Choices , choices . 
is headed out ... Wonder what kind of mischief I can get into ? :) 
Wonders why I'm hit with sudden bursts of emo feelings . 
had forgotten how much I love < PROPFIRST > Gray's music . I need to locate his CD and listen to it soon and buy is current CD . 
Its that time again ... To bed I go , I'm working tomorrow since I volunteered myself , but it shouldn't be too bad . Good night and sweet dreams to all . 
So ... I tried to injure myself earlier by rolling my ankle out in my driveway , and talk about hurting ! I'm worried I may not be able to walk tomorrow . I just wanna survive tomorrow at work so I can < PROPFEMALE > with Twinkie tomorrow evening . 
Well my ankle is STILL throbbing and its now time for work . This isn't going to be a very pleasant day . :( 
' S\ 
' s ankle still hurts but she's out with < PROPFEMALE > . Hoping it stops hurting ! 
Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 ) Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 ) The color you remind me of 3 ) My first memory of you 4 ) The animal you remind me of 5 ) Ask something I've always wondered about you 6 ) My favorite thing about you 7 ) Give you a weird nickname 8 ) Challenge you to post this . 
Thinks my Mom rocks ! She made me bacon and cheesy scrambled eggs and toast . :) 
totally thinks snuggling in bed with a fuzzy cover is priceless ! :) 
is waiting on Mom to get here so we can have dinner and go to < PROPFIRST > . 
is getting ready to see Hereafter . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... Enough said . :) 
thinks Hereafter is an interesting movie . Good , and requires a lot of thought . I can't wait to watch it again when it comes out on DVD . 
really wishes I could stay home and sleep since I didn't get much last night . Can't wait to get home and rest ! 
is it strange that the book you are reading and the movie you are watching are one and the same ? 
is three chapters away from finishing The Two Towers and I can move on to The Return Of The < PROPMALE > . Then on to more lighter readings . Guess I'm watch some more of Return of the < PROPMALE > then off to bed . So good night and until I wake up . Sweet dreams . 
really wishes tomorrow was my day off . I just got to make it through tomorrow , then I'm free Wednesday . 
is in search of my redneck < PROPMALE > ... 
guesses I could have died early this morning when the tornado sirens went off but we didn't hear anything ... Even when I woke up before 6:30 ! Good thing we didn't have a tornado ! 
Hello Day Off !!! What am I going to do ... NOTHING !!! Books , books , and more books , and maybe some TV . Sounds like a plan . 
Today , the people of Thompsonville lost one of our own . Though I didn't know < PROPFIRST > Riddle as much as some , it saddens me to hear of her passing . My thoughts go to her family and loved ones . 
Today , the people of Thompsonville lost one of our own . Though I didn't know < PROPFIRST > Riddle as much as some , it saddens me to hear of her passing . My thoughts go to her family & loved ones . 
to work I go ... I wish I was still in bed . Until 4 pm . :( 
is at the laundromat washing my comforters . Then I am heading home to make my bed , then off to visit with a friend . 
So ... I'm listening to Karaoke at < PROPFEMALE > Street . Talk about an interesting ! 
Just listened to my friend Trav sing Baby Got Back ! Great !!! 
Oh good Lord !!! < PROPFEMALE > and Trav are singing Ice Ice Baby !!! 
On break at work ... Its dead . So bored ! 
had an okay evening . Work was a bore ... Had a blast with Twinkie , and now I'm home to relax . Working the lunch shift tomorrow , then to a hayride that night . Will be fun . 
is off to work . Hoping I don't go \batty ! \ " Happy Halloween everyone ! " 
is in her chair watching the Saints vs Steelers game . Hoping to see my BFF , Saints Girl on TV . In the words of my BFF , Boo That ! 
Saints win !!! Who Dat !!! 
thinks that today is a sad day for Thompsonville as we say good bye to one of our own . Please keep the family and friends of the < PROPFIRST > Riddle family in your heart and thoughts today and for the days to come . 
To bed I go with hopes of good dreams . Second cut tomorrow at work then off to the bookstore !!! Oh , and to buy the new < PROPMALE > Paisley CD ! Good night and sweet dreams dear friends . :) 
has fulfilled one of my rights as an American . If you are registered , please vote today . Its only with your help that we are represented by individuals that truly represent our values at both the federal and state levels . 
is watching election results ... Talk about tight races ! 
rather enjoyed today . Its nice to be home for a change . Read a little , hoping to finish The Return of the < PROPMALE > by the weekend . However I'm back to work in the morning and will be there till after four . ( Boo !!! ) So I'm off to bed . Sweet dreams . 
is now getting ready to head into work . I so wish I was still at home ! Until four pm ... 
really hates two-faced people and people who talk about you behind your back , especially when its obvious you are . You got a problem ... Let's talk , no behind my back BS ! 
watching history channel with Mom . 
is finally in book six of The Lord Of The Rings ... 
has been doing some thinking today , and realized that it doesn't matter if you're nice to people cause they expect the worst from you anyway . 
is out with the Twinkie . 
was planning on reading when I got home ... It didn't happen , and its time for bed . Sweet dreams . 
is on my way home . Ready to relax in my chair ! 
is snuggling with her fuzzy blanket in her chair while Mom and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > play Yahtzee . Waiting on news on my Aunt Alrene's twin sister . They're flying her to Evansville and are not sure what's wrong . Keep her in your thoughts please . 
is asking for everyone to keep my aunt's twin sister , < PROPFEMALE > Mandrell , in your thoughts . She is in the hospital in Evansville . 
is relaxing in my chair with a book . Life is good ! 
is starting to catch up with some reading . I read two today , \Nightshade\ " and \ " Firelight . \ " Both good reads . Guess I need some sleep so I'm off to bed . Good night . " 
is happy to report that < PROPFEMALE > Mandrell is doing better though she is still in the hospital . Please continue to keep her and her family in your thoughts . 
is saddened by the passing of < PROPFEMALE > Mandrell , who life this life earlier this afternoon . My thoughts go out to her husband , children , grandchildren , as well as her nieces and nephews . 
finally got my ticket to see < PROPMALE > Potter !!! Woot woot ! 
Thank you to all the Veterans ... past , present , and future , for serving and protecting this nation and its people . You are special people and should be thought of everyday , not just one day of the year . May God bless and protect you and your families . 
is taking applications for a Redneck < PROPMALE > . :) 
hates feeling lonely . 
welcomes night time ... Its easier to hide what you don't want others to see . 
is beyond frustrated with work . I can't catch a break with these people . Hoping that tomorrow will be better and that people just ignore me and let me be . 
just wants to be invisible and left alone today . 
Chair and fuzzy blanket ... That should say it all . :) 
Hello Monday ... You know we really should quit meeting like this . You always make most people cranky and remind me that its not Tuesday and I can't stay at home in my jammies . Basically you suck ! Just thought you would want to know . 
Happy Birthday to my BFF , < PROPFEMALE > ! Wishing you a day full of everything you love and a day of being the < PROPFEMALE > I know you are . Rock that < PROPFEMALE > ! Love you ! :) 
is letting her inner nerd shine tonight ... I'm in my seat at the movie theater waiting to see < PROPMALE > Potter And The Deathly Hallows . I will note however I am not dressed like < PROPMALE > or any other character , unlike many that are coming into the theater right now . :) 
Its 12:01 a . m ... Let's get this show on the road . 
WOW !!! That is the only word that can describe my feelings about < PROPMALE > Potter And The Deathly Hallows . Is it July yet ?! 
is beyond tired , so I'm headed to bed . Sweet dreams to all . 
talk about a boring and slow Sunday at work . I'm heading home for some much needed R&R . Maybe I'll finish my book I'm reading and watch some TV . 
is really starting to believe the universe has it out for me tonight . UGH ! 
' s night didn't go as planned , but I'm glad to be home . Just have to wash up the dinner dishes and then I'm heading to my chair to read/watch TV . 
just wants to hide out ! I can't even get in bed at night without something happening or having to deal with stuff that I had no intention of dealing with . ( I hate Lowe's by the way . ) 
To bed I go in hopes of sweet dreams and a peaceful day at work . 
Dear Tuesday , \ 
You better not be anything like Monday . I don't think I could go through that kind of mess again . Just let me get to 4 pm without any burst of rage or urges to cry . Thanks . 
was cleaning up the kitchen for Mom so she could cook tomorrow and while cleaning I found my dad's thermos that he carried to work everyday and as soon as I picked it up , I started to cry . I really miss him ... Especially around the holidays and through the new year . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my facebook family and friends . May your day be filled with food , family , and good memories . :) 
I'm becoming anti-holiday ! I've had it ! Nothing good ever come from them . All they bring is disaster and heartache ! :'( 
is beyond sad and angry . My English setter that was my dad's is really sick and I can't find a vet to see her , even though she seems to be having seizures , so I have to hope she makes it through the night so I can try to get her help . :( 
My English setter , < PROPFEMALE > , has went home to be with my dad . She was a sweet and beautiful dog and will be dearly missed . :'( 
was gonna try to put up some Christmas stuff , but due to the events of the last couple of days I'm not starting till Monday . :( 
I bought seasons 1-4 of Smallville at Walmart for $60 and Mom bought me seasons 6-7 for Christmas . I need to look for season 5 . So excited !!! 
Off to work I go ... :( 
FB FRIENDS !!! SOME APPS ARE SENDING NOT VERY NICE MESSAGES USING YOUR NAME !!! IF YOU DON'T WANT TO GET INTO TROUBLE WITH YOUR FRIENDS , COPY PASTE AND SHARE THE POST !! IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED ANY FROM ME , BE ASSURED I DIDN'T SEND IT ! 
is watching DVRed episodes of Ancient Aliens ... Exciting huh ? 
guess I'm gonna try to get some much needed Z's . Good night everyone . 
\I want to paint my face\ 
had a busy day ... Spent the day with my Twinkie , we bought new books and had lunch at < PROPFEMALE > Corral . Later I went back in time a bit and watched the Tigers play basketball , and I was so happy to see them win ! I may not miss the drama of high school , but I do miss the feeling of stepping out on the floor and playing volleyball or watching basketball games . 
Must sleep ... Must have truck in Tville by 9 to be fixed ! Need to put up my Christmas stuff too . AND finish reading my book ! So , to dreamland I go , sweet dreams facebook friends . 
is beyond happy that today is over and that a new day is on the horizon . Got the house decorated for Christmas though by the time I was finished I was beyond angry , especially since the tree tried to fall on me !!! I gotta work tomorrow but when I get home I'm going to wrap what gifts I've got bought and start writing out my Christmas cards along with Mom's . So ... Good night and sweet dreams to all . 
has spent the last 8+ hours sleeping and I don't feel any better . To be completely honest , I feel like Hades ! Gotta get dressed and go open though . Maybe I can nap before tonight when I get home . 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a CAMPAIGN FOR VIOLENCE AGAINST CHILDREN . 
is getting her \geek\ " on later and is going to be standing in line for the midnight release of Eclipse . It feels strange that I'm not at work right now . " 
is home from getting Eclipse . I'm tired and still don't feel like myself . Working the lunch shift till four , then I'm coming home to relax and get some much needed rest . 
is < PROPFEMALE > ing with my pal , < PROPFEMALE > , tomorrow I'm having lunch with Mom , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > , bookstore to pick up my gift to myself , then to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Deseray . The only thing that would make it better is having B , Rach , and < PROPFEMALE > here would make it better . 
is bookstore bound . :D 
picked up my bday gift to myself , \Many Bloody Returns : Tales of Birthdays With Bite . \ " Now its time to head home along with my yummy Starbucks hot chocolate to drink on the way home . Maybe a nap is in my future . :) " 
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes . I am truly blessed to have such good friends and family . Today was nice and quiet which is exactly what I wanted and hoped for . :) 
So ... I'm with mom to being another range from Lowe's from about two weeks ago since their was a problem with the enamel on the storage drawer . I'd have just kept the dang thing at this point . Sigh ... 
is off to work ... Hoping we have a little business so the time will pass quickly so I can get home and watch some more Supernatural . :) 
thinks that she must have an awesome yard since it appears I have a group of seven deer that like to < PROPFEMALE > out around my house . 
is watching Supernatural . 
1984 - I've known you forever too . I remember you coming over and us playing Barbies in the basement . Also , you're a very dedicated mom and loves your friends and family lots . I'm happy to call you my friend . 
I wasn't gonna do this , but what the heck ... Ya'll know the deal , message me a number to my inbox and I'll send ya a thought or memory about ya . Let the fun begin ... 
81 - You're such a nice person and very devoted person to both your family and friends . I am honored to be your friend . :) 
3.14159 - Pi ?! Seriously ?! LOL !!! Okay ... now that I'm done giggling . You're my Eric/Aragorn lovin ' Twin and I'm beyond blessed to have you in my life as one of my best friends . <3 <3 
007350 - you're a sweet person with a gentle heart and you are blessed with sweet babies and soon a little < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
\You may say I'm a dreamer \ 
00 - I can say a lot about you . You were one of my best friends and still one of my good ones . You're sweet , kind , and love your friend and family so much . I have two words for ya though : Quail Breakfast ! :) 
is finally getting caught up with Supernatural ... I'm watching the episode where they spoof Twilight ... Its so funny ! 
worked the lunch shift , had dinner with Mom , and went to T'ville's Christmas Concert . Now I'm trying to pick up my season five of Smallville at Walmart . 
<3 my fuzzy skull pants !!! :) 
hates that feeling of complete indifference . 
really missed her BFF and Twin today . I thought they should know that . I <3 you both my friends . 
is absolutely worn out ! I'm ready for a day off ... Which is at least three days away . Heading to bed soon . Gotta work the lunch shift . So sweet dreams Facebook pals . 
is off to work on this rainy day ... Hoping to make some $$$ so I can finish shopping . Wish me luck ! :) 
will be glad when she's done Christmas shopping . I'm worn out and I just got started ! 
wishes my BFF and Twin would text me . I'm all lonely and they get to < PROPFEMALE > together . :( 
is proud to say that with the exception of getting one gift card , I'M DONE CHRISTMAS SHOPPING !!! WOOT WOOT !!! * BOOGIES * :D 
is sitting in her living room staring at the pile of gifts I have to wrap . Yep , pile . I guess I'm gonna have a long night after work working on them . I'm off to bed here soon though . Working the lunch shift again . So sweet dreams to all . Catch ya when I wake up . 
is beyond extatic that I'm home for the night . I'm froze to death . Gonna try to get warm then get to work on wrapping . Brrrr ! 
has spent the last 6 hours wrapping Christmas and a few belated birthday gifts . Let's say I'm worn out . So I'm going to bed . Catch everyone on the flip side . Good night for me and good morning to everyone else . :) 
to bed I go , to dream sweet dreams . So good night all and catch you in the morning sometime . 
is out having lunch with Mom . Gonna be heading home soon before the ice gets here . 
is finally getting around to watching season one of The Vampire Diaries ... I guess I'll see what all my friends see in it . 
is watching a < PROPFIRST > Brown Christmas . Its one of the few traditions I keep up with anymore . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on < PROPFIRST > Letterman = epic win !!! :) 
is attempting to do some cleaning in my kitchen . Its a wee bit scary in there . Lots to do this coming week and weekend . Busy , busy . 
just needs some quiet alone time ! That's all I need ! If I don't get it soon , things may get a little ugly here in this part of the country . :( 
is watching a show DVRed from the history channel and rockin ' the fuzzy skull pants ... Life is good . 
is having trouble sleeping . I'm so tired . However while I'm awake , I wanna say Happy 4th Birthday to my fave little chick , my friend < PROPFEMALE>'s little girl , Deseray . I hope its everything you could ever want and more and I love ya . :) 
is feeling a little indifferent today . Would it be too much to feel something ?! Oh well ... Maybe as the day goes my feelings will change . Hope everyone has a nice day . 
had a pretty nice day . Nice and quiet . Went to see True Grit which was all kinds of awesome , exchanged gifts with Twinkie , and finished reading my book . Working tomorrow , can't wait till Saturday so its quiet again . Good night . 
Just two more days ! Two more ! I hope I survive without having the urge to injure others . :S 
is already tired of the holidays . I've had enough Christmas music , there's too many people out in stores and highways . Ready to return to normal . Don't get me wrong , holidays are nice but normal is awesome . 
has arrived at my aunt and uncle's house . Just hoping to make it back home through the slush and ick . 
is home from visiting the Puckett family . Now I'm gonna chill out and start watching Smallville . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my family and friends . Remember the reason for the season . 
went and spent massive amounts of $$$ at Barnes and < PROPMALE > . I'm the proud book mommy of four new books and later in the week eight more . I may need to get that new bookcase put together soon . :) 
2010's almost over so ' like ' my status if I've made you smile this year , then set it as your status . You'll be surprised how many people have smiled because of you . 
The Saints win and will be in the playoffs . I imagine my BFF has thrown her Saints snuggie in the floor and is now doing a happy dance . 
is absolutely worn out . After working the lunch shift , I made a trip to Carbondale , to come home and took down all of the Christmas decorations in my house and restored it to its normal appearance . Long story short ... I spent almost five to six hours cleaning and packing stuff away . I'm ready to hit the shower and think about going to bed . So , good night my FB friends and sweet dreams to you all . 
really misses some people . :'( 
is done being kept in the dark . Its time to step it up and find out the information I need to know for myself . 
is missing someone near and dear to my heart . Today would have been my grandma's 88th birthday . She was such a classy lady and I could only hope to be half the woman she was . Love and miss you Grandma . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Underwood 12-31-22/10-16-93 
asks for my facebook friends to keep my sister of my heart , < PROPFEMALE > , as well as her husband and their son , in your thoughts . Her father in law passed away today . :( 
honestly wonders if < PROPMALE > has a street department !!! I swear the pot holes are everywhere and will end up causing damage to someone's vehicle ! 
Mom : I can't find my glasses . They're not up on the TV . \ 
Me : * busts out laughing*\ 
Mom : They're on my face aren't they ? \ 
Me : * nods and continues to laugh hysterically * 
<3 ' s late night True Blood marathons . 
going to volleyball . Wish me luck , haven't played in months . 
just needs to survive this coming day . 
At 12:38 PM , five years ago , I lost one of the most important people of my life . He wasn't just my dad , he was my best friend . Words can not describe how much I miss him . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Puckett ( August 25 , 1943 - January 5 , 2006 ) 
Its hard to feel what you really feel when your job requires you to be an actress . 
is an emotional mess , but that's nothing new . Watchin ' some < PROPMALE > Texas Ranger . 
There is always one thing you can ALWAYS be sure of when watching < PROPMALE > , Texas Ranger : in the last ten minutes < PROPMALE > is gonna kick some butt ! :) 
has been reading some comments on a few book fan pages and I'm happy I don't go out to insult people , but I do think that if you're gonna argue something use the right words to argue your point . ESPECIALLY when you say you know a lot about writing in your argument . ( Write and right mean two totally different things people !!! ) It makes me question myself about pursuing a career in writing . Sigh ... 
is off to work . POed I'm gonna miss the Saints game . So , I hope they kick some Seahawk butt ! WHO DAT !!!! :) 
talk about an odd night . Work was beyond interesting . My Saints lost . :( And now I'm freezing to death . Hopefully tomorrow will be better . :) 
is excited about a variety of things . For starters ... I'm going back into \tortured artist\ " mode in hopes of working on some new writing stuff . AND ... I got an email that I should be getting my box from Barnes and < PROPMALE > soon . Life is good ! :) " 
Today is one of those days in which I'm angry because I have to wake up and go work , especially since I wanted to go to bed somewhat early but Mom was in my room playing Nintendo till almost < PROPFEMALE > ! Let's just say she's crashed out and I'm grumpy . :( 
now is getting ready for another round at work . It wouldn't be so bad if I wasn't already ready to fall asleep . :( 
I swear I live in constant states of confusion ... And it varies daily how extreme it is . Today was one of those extreme ones . 
COOKIES !!!!! :) 
Did you know that unicorns are the reason the world has all its woes , makes people sick , and a variety of other things . AND that they have brain washed me and I require an exorcism . Now you see why I say I live in constant states of confusion ?! 
I've spent the majority of the night reading and now that I've finished my book , I better sleep . Working the lunch shift , but its all good since its \my Friday ! \ " Can't wait for my days off . Lots to do . Sweet dreams all . " 
Five years ago today I lost another member of my family that meant the world to me . Words can not describe how I felt losing him , especially so close to losing my dad . He was truly a great man and I loved him dearly . Love and miss you Uncle < PROPMALE > . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Underwood September 6 , 1940 - January 11 , 2006 
is visiting with my Cream Puff and Trav . 
is home for the night . Talk about tired . On a light note , I finally got the rest of the books I ordered , now I just have to get around to reading them . So ready to enjoy my days off . :) 
has totally decided that rearranging my stuff is over-rated and if I didn't want and need the bookcase in there I wouldn't mess with it . and I'm starting to think I'm allergic to dust . :( 
guess I had a productive day if you forget the sneezing , the dropping of a bookcase and a cabinet full of DVDs on your toe , and almost stabbing yourself with a knife by accidently walking into it . On a bright note , my room is all nice and clean along with a new bookcase . My book is read and its time for bed . Sweet dreams all . 
wants everyone to know I have heard so much about unicorns in the last few days that if they were real , I would personally want to make their lives miserable or hunt them to extinction . Especially since my BFF and Twin seem to want to blame them for everything !!! 
really enjoyed today . It was nice and quiet , read two books , one short story , and currently halfway through another book . Its sad that I have to go back to work tomorrow . Anyway , I'm off to dream sweet dreams . Good night all . 
There are days in which I personally don't wanna deal with the public ... Today is one of them . :( 
is not feeling that great . My body aches and I just feel blah . I don't feel sick necessarily , just don't feel like myself . I hope I feel better tomorrow . 
to work I go ... All I wanna do is sit in my chair with the fuzzy polka < PROPFEMALE > cover . :( 
really doesn't feel that great . :( 
When things get you down , remember that dreams don't have expiration dates . Be strong and they'll come in time . :) 
thinks its time for bed . I haven't felt that great today and I need some rest . So I'm off to dream sweet dreams of all the things I love . Good night friends . 
wishes she had the money to get her new computer and necessary equipment so I can get back to work on writing . I'm ready to start writing my trilogy . Then on to some individual book ideas . I miss my writing . :( 
really wishes I didn't feel this way . It stinks . So I'm going back to sleep with hopes of feeling better when I wake up later . 
Talk about a blah day . :( 
18 years ago today , I lost someone I loved and held very close to my heart , my Grandpa Underwood . I didn't have you long but I < PROPFEMALE > you with me everyday and I miss you more than words can comprehend . Love you . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Underwood July 22 , 1918 - January 29 , 1993 
I would like all my Facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right . Just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status ( if you dare ) so I can do the same . 
is asking for everyone to keep my friends , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > in your thoughts and prayers . Their father is in the hospital with cancer and pneumonia . Its not good , they are only giving him days . It breaks my heart to hear this . 
Please say some prayers for my friends < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . They are saying its only a matter of time for their dad . 
Asks that my friends say a prayer for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Their father lost his battle with cancer this morning . 
must be suffering from < PROPFIRST > Northman withdrawals . So I need to do one of two things : Break out the True Blood DVDs and DVRed episodes or read the books again . Both sound like wonderful plans . :) 
Well ... I spent last night in the ER . I guess I got myself worked up and caused my blood pressure to go high and I was having some jaw pain . They ended up giving me something to calm me down and told me not to work today . I would have rather worked , but the meds kept me from driving till after noon and honestly I still feel a out of it . Need to feel better , Twinkie's baby shower is tomorrow . 
\You've got bones in your closet\ 
is getting ready to go to Twinkie's baby shower , however it can't start without me since the guest of honor is with me . :) \ 
Afterwards I'm heading home to have me a True Blood marathon . No Super Bowl for me , my Saints ain't playing . 
thinks my BFF is right . Maybe we should consider a job change . :S 
' s Mom has broken the toilet at home . This is why I'm constantly stressed out !!!! 
has come to realize that picking out writing supplies is rather complicated . :S 
is writing ! I know , crazy huh ? It may only be plot and character development at this point but it will one day turn into my book trilogy . I'm happy . I just hope I can figure out all plot issues of books two and three since I already know what happens in book one . 
is getting ready for work . Personally I think staying in bed would be the better idea however , I need $$$ . However I have lots of things to watch on TV when I get back : DVRed Justifiied and new episodes of Vampire Diaries , Grey's , and PP . :) 
guesses I'm going to go listen some music while Mom's out of the house . Yes , Twin ... I'm going to listen to music that you seem to think is all about losing and leaving , and trucks . However I can't think of any about dogs dying at the moment . I <3 you my friend ! :) 
is watching the < PROPFEMALE > vs Creighton game . Not looking that good for the Dawgs at the moment . 
wants to wish all my peeps a Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day . What am I doing today ? Well , I have to close Triple E tonight , so until then I'm going to either one nap or two spend some quality time with my favorite Viking vampire . 
I have finally returned from the insanity which is Triple E . Now I just need to feed < PROPFEMALE > and start some laundry so I can return to my book and my fantasy bf . Hey , sometimes fantasy is better than reality . ;) 
12 years ago today I was at the hospital with my mom and found out she had a brain aneurysm rupture , had brain surgery , and questioned if I was going to lose her . That day years ago set her on course for more surgery , almost 2 months in the hospital , but I'm glad to say that she's still here with me and that it is truly a miracle . I love you , Mom . :) 
What a day ! Work was a waste of time , went to the bookstore , went to see < PROPFEMALE > and Trav . < PROPFEMALE > dyed my hair , which looks really good , and had dinner and a cocktail too . However I need everyone to pray for my friend < PROPFEMALE > and her baby ... She's in St < PROPFIRST > hospital and they're saying the baby his high risk . Now I just need to wait on mom to go to bed ... Anyway , good night all and sweet dreams . 
Looks like I'm going to < PROPFIRST>'s Club with Mom . Hopefully we don't kill one another between here and there and back . :S 
is working on her notes for her book . Still working through the summary for book one and developing the many characters . I just wish I had a title for it . 
has book one's summary finished and a functioning list of some of the characters that will appear in the trilogy . Now I need to sit down and work on some < PROPMALE > character development , I gotta be able to step into their shoes at any moment and know what they're gonna do . That will take some time . Now I'm gonna read some Dead To The World ... < PROPFIRST > Northman always makes me feel better . :) 
is waiting on news about < PROPFEMALE > and baby Kaleb . Please say a few prayers for them both . 
UPDATE : < PROPFEMALE>'s step sister texted me this morning and said < PROPFEMALE>'s water broke this morning around five , however she isn't dialating like she should be . Please pray for her and the safe arrival of baby Kaleb . 
is asking for prayers for my friend , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and baby Kaleb . They are worried that Kaleb may not make it through the night and < PROPFEMALE > is also having some complications as well . 
UPDATE : Kaleb < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > arrived last night and was immediately transported to Cardinal Glennon Children's Hospital in St. < PROPFIRST > . Late last night he was placed on a lung bypass to help him receive the oxygen he needs and to help regulate his heart . < PROPFEMALE > seems to be doing well , but both still need your prayers , so please continue to keep them as well as their family in your thoughts . Thank you . 
spent the entire day at work . Boo !!! Now I'm taking myself to dinner and to see a movie . Exciting huh ? 
If I have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what i think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled .. So what , go ahead and label me , see if i give a sh*t . Repost this if you're proud of who you are :) 
is home from my night out . Saw the movie , I Am Number Four ... It was pretty good . Now I just have to get myself together so I can go to bed . Working the lunch shift . 
' s laundry is finally done , even got an episode of Justified watched ! ( I <3 that show ! ) So , I'm off to bed . Sweet dreams to all . 
wonders where her Twin and BFF are ... its been a rather quiet texting night . :( 
is watching the NBA All-Star game with Mom . 
is worn out ... Laying on my bed , considering going to bed . This past week has me so worn out , and it doesn't look like this one is gonna be any better . :( 
This not sleeping thing is really starting to get me down . Now I'm off to work when all I want to do is sleep . Wednesday can't get here fast enough ... 
Dear Tuesday , I honestly don't have an issue with you , however the fact I have to get out of my warm bed and go to work doesn't make me too happy . You can make it up to me with some slightly warmer weather and a nice afternoon when I get off work . Thanks . Love , me . :) 
is free ! No more work for this chick ! Well ... At least not till Thursday night . 
went to the bookstore , napped in my chair , had a yummy salad and sandwich for dinner , showered , and now I'm chilling in my chair with a good book . I love spending time with my favorite Viking vampire . ;) 
is home relaxing today . Only thing I have to do is go get a new remote programmed for my truck . So I have lots of reading to get done today ! :) 
Fuzzy penguin pants , hoodie sweatshirt , fuzzy cover , chair , and a good book equals a very quiet evening . 
can't believe how tired I am especially after I slept the majority of the day . I did get my book read and started another , and now I'm watching some TV . However , I think going to bed is in my near future . 
PRAYER REQUEST : I just spoke to my friend < PROPFEMALE > , and baby Kaleb has taken a turn for the worse and he is being placed on more oxygen and dialysis . Please say prayers for them both . 
Blueberry 
is completely worn out so I'm going to bed with hopes my sore knee isn't as sore in the morning . Please continue to pray for baby Kaleb , < PROPFEMALE > , and their family . Kaleb is having surgery in the morning at 8 . 
is totally worn out from work ! My knee is still killing me , but I guess its worth it since I made lots of tips . I just have to buy a baby shower gift and get home now . 
is waiting on my laundry to dry before I go to bed . My knee is still killing me ... I really wish I knew what I done to it . Working the lunch shift tomorrow/today . Hoping to survive it so I can have a nice quiet night at home . Until the A.M. Good night . :) 
went out for Subway earlier with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , we chilled at their house and talked for a few hours ... So much fun ! Now I'm home and I'm headed to the shower so I can chill out and watch me some Space Jam ! Flashing back to < PROPMALE > high for that one ! 
Totally forgot how good of a movie Space Jam was and how awesome the players in the NBA were back then . Heading to bed so I can work the lunch shift in the morning . Good night and sweet dreams . :) 
Work : check . Chores finished : check check . Spending the evening in my PJs and a good book : PRICELESS ! :) 
ALL women are angels ... And when someone breaks our wings - we simply continue to fly ... On a broomstick ... We are flexible like that ... 
would have played vball tonight but its cancelled for tonight . Guess I'll catch up on my reading ... 
had a rather quiet day , which is really nice when my days normally consist of constant drama . Spent the day with mom ... Bookstore , Walmart , and lunch . Since getting home I finished a book and now I'm reading another . Its nice . 
To bed I go to sleep sweet dreams , tomorrow/today should be similar to today which will consist of quiet time and lots of books and TV . Good night all . :) 
really should be finishing up Dead And Gone or watching stuff off my DVR however I'm sitting in my chair trying to get my mother to watch something besides the game show network . :S 
Why does every person around you move like slugs when you're in a hurry ?! 
Please pray for my friend , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Her son passed away today . :'( 
This day has been nothing but an emotional mess , too much drama , too much sadness , too much of everything . Emotional overload !!!! 
\I don't give a damn ' bout my reputation\ 
has been in touch with my inner rockstar/Joan Jett tonight . And work was pretty awesome , made lots of $$$ . On my way to Walmart now so I can pick up a birthday gift for my Cream Puff . I have to get home and do laundry so I can go back to work in the morning to work the lunch shift . Busy , busy ! 
You suck ! I have to work and its raining ! You are now on my crap list ... Thanks a lot ! \ 
Un-sincerely , \ 
MB 
getting ready to see The Adjustment Bureau . I love me some < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Going into a redneck bar when you look like a semi goth/emo chick , not a good idea . :S 
has been thinking a lot today about the events of last night . I hope I have the strength to put my demons aside and step toward the future . 
My Dad has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , saw me fall , cheer me on , kept me going strong , and drove me a little crazy at times !! But Dads are a promise from God that you will have a friend FOREVER !! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful Dad whom you love !! In memory of my Dad , < PROPFIRST > Puckett 1943-2006 
is really emotional today ... I miss my dad . 
wants to hide somewhere forever ... 
From the moment I woke up this morning , I knew this wasn't going to turn out very well ... I've cried more than should be allowed in a day , people weren't the nicest at work , and a walk around Walmart turned into a depressing ordeal . I'm going to sit here in my room and hopefully soon I'll go to bed and shut the door one this horrible , no good , very bad day . :( 
I'm awake at 7:15 in the morning which isn't really a normal thing for me ... I guess I just have too much on my mind . I am however hiding out till I have to get up . Its too cold to get out of bed yet . 
Well , by 8 I was eating breakfast in Thompsonville , went up to Akin so I could go to the cemetery to visit Dad , then back home where I actually made my bed and read part of a short story . Now to work ... I just hope today is better than yesterday . 
is finally off work ... Waiting on my last table then no telling what I'm up to . I wish I had something planned . 
Just looking for my share of happiness ... 
I've forgotten how much I love < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>' version of To Make You Feel My Love . Gives my heart butterflies . :) 
is waiting for something that could change my life . 
Why is it when I need something to do or someone to < PROPFEMALE > with I can never find either ?! :( 
Its been a long day ... I'm sorry I haven't been around much , too much stuff on my mind . Hoping things will improve soon . 
is asking for prayers for my uncle , < PROPFIRST > Puckett , he is having surgery this morning , and for one of my best friends , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , she is laying her precious baby to rest today . 
\All this time you were pretending 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just for one hour . Do it for all !! There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting . I hope to see this . . . in the status of all my friends 
I just wanna be mad for a while ... 
Still wanna be mad for a while longer ... :( 
is asking for prayers for my Uncle < PROPFIRST > Puckett . He had some complications after his surgery , possibly a light heart attack , etc . 
wishes she was more heartless and didn't care about this , but I do . :'( 
\I'd sure hate to break down here 
is a fool . </3 
As most of you have likely gathered , I've been in a not so nice mood this past week , but I've had a few people that have stuck it out with me , even now since I'm still in said depressing funk . So I wanna send my love to my BFF , my Twin , and my pal , Vee . Hopefully I'll get my answers soon and all will be right with the world . 
has leaped and wonders if she shouldn't leap back or run for cover . Confused ... 
is suffering from a no good , very bad day . :'( 
\Just don't tell em I've gone crazy 
is a little heartbroken . </3 
I JUST WANNA BE MAD FOR A WHILE !!!!!!!! 
is still a little sad and angry , but I'll be okay . 
is the happiest I've been in a really long time . I'm finally out behind the many shadows I've been hiding behind . Its a new beginning ... 
is in a happier place , but I'm still confused about a lot of stuff . 
I cried and watched you pass away , although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke my heart to prove to me that he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in Heaven that you miss everyday ! 
Life seems to be some big production ... We all have our parts to play in the big scheme of things , there are just days that its tougher to play the part we've been dealt . I guess I'm a pretty good actress ... 
Wishes that life was full of fluffy clouds and fuzzy bunnies , but it isn't . Its full of variety of things , but lately its been more challenges and tears than anything else . 
If your Dad is\\was a hard working man , and is , and always will be your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . Love and miss you , Dad ! < PROPFIRST > Puckett ( 1943-2006 ) 
Too early ... Need sleep ... But that ain't happening . :( 
My < PROPFEMALE > is wearing thin with the universe and how things have been going for myself and the people I care about . If things don't start changing I'm not sure how I'm gonna feel or what I may or may not do . :( 
I have tattoos , so I'm a trouble maker . I have curves , so I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry some times , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything nowadays without being labeled . So what , go ahead and label me , see if I give a crap . Re-post if you're proud of who you are , I know I am ! 
Too tired and angry to care at this point . :( 
misses random and fun text messages from her BFF . Where are you , B ? :( 
Swamp People Marathon = WIN 
Please say some prayers for my cousins < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > and their children < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Angelle , Skyler , and < PROPFEMALE > . They lost their father/grandfather today . 
I cried and watched you pass away . Although I loved you dearly I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands put at rest . God broke my heart to prove to me that he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in Heaven that you miss everyday . Missing you Papaw , Granny , Grandma , Grandpa , Sissy , Uncle < PROPMALE > , Aunt < PROPFIRST > , and especially Dad . Love and miss you all . 
So ... I've finally finished rewatching season one of Swamp People and I'm excited for the new season to start . I've mentioned to some that I'm interested in the whole alligator hunting process and I'd love to see it done , many think I'm weird . Oh well ... To each their own . 
has had a rather interesting day ... I'm taking my phone to my room to charge and probably won't be back to get it for a while , gotta read my new book , Lover Unleashed !!! Until later ... 
just finished Lover Unleashed !!! So good . Now to sleep with hopes of no disasters to befall me today . 
Welcome to the week from Hell . :'( 
I ran over a snowman under your bed because I am a ninja . :) 
is glad that this day is over and that its a new day . Too much work drama and sadness . Tomorrow my cousins will be laying their father/grandfather to rest , so please say a prayer for the < PROPFIRST > family . 
I miss my dad everyday , but its days like this I miss him more than anything else in this world . 
SWAMP PEOPLE !!!! 
Really needs a break ... My mind is fried and I feel like I could snap at someone at any moment . No cool . :( 
has realized I need to get my act together and figure out what I'm taking to < PROPFEMALE > and how I'm going to pack it with space to bring stuff home in too . This is gonna be a trick . 
After this insane day/night , I'm exhausted and need sleep . I just wish I could get more time to myself . Good night to all and sweet dreams . 
While driving home tonight , I realized how much I miss my fan fic friends , yeah I talk to a few of you on a regular basis , but I wanted to let you all know you are never far from my thoughts and I miss chatting it up with you . So ... here's to the fun we've had and to the many adventures that are still to come . I <3 ya'll! 
Especially hates Triple E and anything associated with it . Its cutting into my bookstore day and the < PROPMALE > to go buy City Of Fallen Angels !!! I could leave now and go buy it but then I would be at work all day knowing its there and I can't read it !!!! ACK !!! 
Done with work , now to get my book . The only thing that would make this day better would be that my yard work would be done when I got home . :S 
Mom's not here so I'm rocking out to some good ' 90s music and dancing around the house . :) 
So ... I got my book , however I'm too sleepy to read it now . Guess I'll start it tomorrow after I get home from work . In the morning I guess I'm gonna try and finish my yard work before work . Why do I have this feeling I'll be exhausted by tomorrow night ? 
Hates when things you've done in the past haunts your present . I may not regret what happened , but when you're left without answers its hard to move forward with ones life . 
\Come on over\ 
has finally gotten the yard picked up , however the huge burn pile will have to wait till another day since its < PROPFEMALE > . I honestly don't know how my dad kept up with it and worked . My yard is a monster and I can barely keep up with the pick up . Glad it will get mowed sometime next week , it will look so nice . 
picked up some gifts to take to my twin , BFF , and the rest of the Derbs . I can't wait to see what they think . 
watching this documentary on < PROPMALE > Jennings . <3 
To work I go ... Didn't I just leave this place ?! :( 
A friend helps ya calm down when your mad ... A best friend skips beside ya with a bat singing somebody's gonna get hurt !!! :) 
To work I go ... Damn , this is becoming a re-occurring theme here . However ... 13 days till < PROPFEMALE > !!! Woot woot ! 
has tomorrow off ... However working everyday till I get ready to leave for < PROPFEMALE > , not so much . Almost 11 days till I roll out and head south . 
is trying to get gas in WF , and apparently so is everyone else in town . Gas is going up about 15 cents so the one gas station that's still cheaper is uber busy . 
really needs to get her rear in gear and get to work on her book . The writing muse is inspired and things need to be written down . However its too late to start tonight , so tomorrow may be the start of the writing process . For now I'm gonna read for a while . :) 
9 days till < PROPFEMALE > ... It seems like its just popped up and its really here , but it still feels like its gonna take forever to get here ! 
This time next week , I'll likely be going stir crazy wanting off the train and I'll still have a little over 3 hrs to go . 8 Days till < PROPFEMALE > . 
Always remember the babies born asleep or the ones we have carried but never met , those we have held but couldn't take home or the ones who made it home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority of you wont bc unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence ... in memory of ALL of the lost angels ! 
is pretty worn out from the mess that was work and shopping for storm doors with Mom . I started a new book ( A Game Of Thrones ) and now I'm beyond sleepy . Maybe its time for bed . Work in the morning . Good night all . 
thinks that these muscle spasms in my back are gonna kill me or at least drop me to the floor . :( 
is loving the book , A Game Of Thrones !!! Thankfully I have all four books in the series and I'll have lots of reading time at night and on the train down . 
is sitting in the dark while I listen to limbs snapping outside , the flood flooding my yard , and the cracks of lightning . I'm glad I'm home . 
Fellow Thompsonville Peeps : How's things in town ? I have heard bits and pieces and is it as bad as I've heard . 
I know lots of us want our power back , but remember those linemen that are out there working to do so . Keep them in your thoughts and that they remain safe while they work through this storm . 
I'm okay with the no power thing except for one thing ... I'M HUNGRY !!! 
Yay !!! I have power !!!! Now to find something to eat !!! :) 
IS ON VACATION !!!! WOOT WOOT ! 
is snuggled in bed ready for dreamland , especially since this time tomorrow I'll be on a train heading to < PROPFEMALE > . Sweet dreams to all . 
Peace out , Thompsonville ... I'm gone . Train leaves at 1:26 am . 
Stupid train is late ! 
left Memphis about an hour ago . I just want off this dang thing ! 
is in Greenwood , Mississippi . 
in < PROPMALE > , Mississippi . 
is in Louisiana 
is in Meraux , Louisiana with my BFF , Twin , and the ' rents . Let's say its a blast ! Tomorrow we're going uptown . 
First full day in Louisiana . I'm so excited and happy to spend time with my BFF and Twin , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Can't wait to see what kind of adventures we can get into today . 
been to the World War II museum and now at Mohony's having a po boy . 
Its not about chocolate bunnies or eggs , so remember the reason we should celebrate this day . Happy Easter from New Orleans ! 
spending Easter with the Derbs and some of their friends from \da parish ! \"" 
Its another beautiful day in New Orleans . Going to the French Quarter today . Can't wait ! Everyone at home be safe and beware of flooded areas . 
Dang ... No hobos sleeping in < PROPMALE > Square . :( 
having beignets with my twin and BFF at Cafe du Monde . 
Why are there so many pink buildings ?! 
Drive-Thru Daiquiris ... Seriously . 
Watching a past Jeopardy in which my BFF was a contestant . 
is trying to get myself together , I'm heading home tomorrow afternoon . I've had so much fun , met so many nice people , and saw so many awesome things . I'm gonna miss < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > so much when I come back to Illinois , but I'm ready to see my peeps at home too , especially my mom . 
wonders how I'm gonna get home !!! 
Well it looks like I'm flying home tonight . 
I'm getting ready to do something I SWORE I would never do ... Fly . I just wanna get home . 
Home Sweet Home !!! I'm so glad to be back , but miss my twin and BFF . I had so much fun with them and can't wait to see them again . I planned on unpacking however the running around to get ready , flight home , ride from St. < PROPFIRST > , and trip to retrieve my truck has worn me out , so good night to all and I'll catch ya when I wake up . 
La Fiesta with Twinkie . Enough said . :) 
Soft pretzels + cheese dip = yummy ! <3 
\Why can't I breathe whenever I think about you ? \ 
What is wrong with the media in this country ??? After the disaster in Japan and in other countries we saw ads in the facebook games to donate , yahoo put a special design on the < PROPFEMALE > after Haiti and Japan , we basically had this thrown in our face . Why when our country gets hit by a disaster do we not see the same effort ? Post this as your status if you agree . Let's flood facebook with this ! 
really wishes certain people would stay out of my dreams and the one person that I don't mind was closer so I could actually talk to them . 
is working on a cover letter and resume . 
just finished up my resume and cover letter . I just need to print them out and fill out my application so I can turn them in . Gonna watch some TV and get some much needed sleep . Hopefully three specific people won't be < PROPFEMALE > in my dreams tonight , I'm hoping for a certain Viking vampire instead . 
Two things ... 1 . Its sad when you pick your lunch location by the fact that Mexican has chips and salsa . 2 . Is snow in the forecast in Southern Illinois , I seriously passed a snow plow earlier . 
needs to get a few things done so I can get relaxed in my chair with my new Sookie Stackhouse book , then on to reading Illusions . 
just finished reading Dead Reckoning ... OMG ! Way to leave us severely hanging Ms. < PROPMALE > !!! What's gonna happen to my favorite Viking vampire ?! * sobs * 
In honor of mother's day change your profile pic to a pic of your mother and keep it there til may 9th . Repost this as your status and let's see how many beautiful mothers we can get on fb . 
really feels like death . I've done a good job of staying healthy but I guess my run at that is over . I honestly just wanna sleep it off for a day or so , however work summons me . :( 
still feels like death . I'm gonna shower and go lay down . I'm hoping I'll feel better soon . This stuff is for the dang birds . :( 
Wishes I didn't feel like a zombie and was motivated to get some stuff finished instead of being stuck in bed with a stuffy nose and cough . :( 
Since my headache has let up , I feel somewhat human again . Taking mom out to dinner tonight and maybe run to town to get her Mother's Day gift . I'm so behind . :S 
Today I want to say Happy Mother's Day to my mom , < PROPFEMALE > Puckett , as well as my aunts , < PROPFEMALE > Dial , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > Puckett . Also in memory of my grandmothers and aunt that I have lost ; Monette Puckett , < PROPFEMALE > Paris-Baker , and < PROPFIRST > Underwood . Finally may all my friends that are mothers themselves have a wonderful day . 
\If heaven wasn't so far away\ 
is so glad that the day is over and I have high hopes for tomorrow . Getting ready for bed , I'm pretty sleepy , so I'm heading to bed . Good night and sweet dreams ! 
Dear Monday ... \ 
I'm not impressed with you . You really need to hurry up and be done . \ 
No Love , \ 
Me 
has honestly forgotten what its like to actually use Facebook on my computer ! This could take some getting used to ... 
Why is it when you finally get around to doing something productive , something like work comes up and ruins everything ?! Well I guess I am off to work then . Catch everyone later . 
