Happy New Year ! I hope this year brings you much joy . 

Life is full of mystery and barriers you must overcome . 
I got soaked during my softball game . It was raing and cold . 
watching a movie bassed on war . 
Can not stop thinking about the < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and wolves for some reason . 
I want the weekend to be longer . 
I hate the end of school , yet I like it . 
Every day must end and begin as does a month , and a year . 
It is nice to leave school early , except for the 20 minute walk home . 
Tomorrow is the last day of school . I have mixed feelings of tomorrow . Yeah :) , yet No . :( 
My sister gets all she wants , and it is getting on my nerves . Stuck at home board out of my mind . 
Each day passes getting closer to the end of the summer , and closer to school again . 
Thinking on making a comic about < PROPFEMALE > . 
I have my shield ready to protect the ones I care for . I have my sword ready to fight on my friends and loved ones ' side . Do you have your sword ready to draw to help someone you care for ? How about your shield ready to defend ? 
Ready for camping trip and excited . I need it . 
I heard the band from my house . They sounded great . 
I can here the band at night , almost everyday . I enjoy hearing the band . 
Skyward says I have 4 classes at 12:00 am - 11:59 pm . It is driving me crazy . 
I had a good first day of school . 
I like commercial < PROPMALE > . I have to < PROPFEMALE > three approximately 6lbs books . It is a pain . The first week of school was ok . 
My head is bothering me . I have homework , uck . 
Can not stop tapping a drum beat . I am starting to drive myself insane . I am enjoying tech school . I did prespective of a city today in class . It is cool . 
Went to the Spring - Ford Football game . Spring - Ford beat O&J . I watched SF band preform . They looked good and sounded pretty good . = D 
Happy that its friday . 
What is your Vampire Name ? - My Result : < PROPFEMALE > http://bit.ly/cF0PKd 
< PROPFIRST > go Bragh ! 
Happy about doing a poltical comic in history . It's fun and cool . 
Came home from a Halloween Wedding . It was fun and cool . = D 
I feel as if I am a lone wolf enjoying the sites and sounds of my surroundings . I feel as if I am myself in nature . 
I listened to a great band on Friday night . The band is called the < PROPFIRST > Roessler Band . 
What Wings Are You ? -- My Result : Demon Wings . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/912277/referrals/status?aid=100000528640150 
Happy enough to go and live in the < PROPMALE > without a care in the world . 
IU'm excited about tommorrow . 
Starting to feel as if my dreams are of my past lives . Getting annoyed with the same dream over and over again . 
I'm tired , and yet can't sleep . I'm also annoyed that I pulled my sister up a hill , since she hurt both her knees . 
No School , today . Spring Ford is being wise today . They are finaly wise in enough to close the school for once . 
Let it snow , Let it snow . Let the snow bring chikdren of all ages joy ,. 
I just want to run wild , like a wolf in the snow . I want to feel my warm breath , the cold wind blow across my face , and feel the cold , wet snow under my paws . I want to hear my paws touch the snowy ground , my breathing , and heart beat . I just want to be free and wild like a wolf . 
Today is going to be annoying with this 2hr delay . Arrgh . 
I was at my Grandma's house all day . I shoveled her steps and driveway . \ 
\ 
I feel that the snow days , that were fun . Have become days of hard labor , and boring . 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are . 
I have spirits and souls on my mind . 
Life at times is simple , but at other times is tricky . The only thing you can do about it is look for the positive in life . 
Sick and not enjoying the chaos that March brings with it . I hate to say it , buy I think the March showers bring endless sorrow . 
Being sick is a pain . 
I'm happy I was able to go to school . I am also happy that spring is around the corner . I enjoy hearing the birds singing , and trees swaying . I love seeing the flowers blooming . I just plain out love everything about spring . 
I am so worn out that I don't want to get up to get a drink . I was cleaning and fixing things at the baseball & softball fields from 7 - 6 . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! < PROPFIRST > Go Bragh ! ( Ireland Forever . ) 
My ancle hurts a little , but I have ice on it . So , I am alright . 
As hard as life maybe , it's best to look for the possitive . You don't know how much other people are suffering more than you . If , you don't believe me tell 10 people not just in the US that are not suffering . 
I had a busy and trying day . 
My english test was hard . :( But , I can't do anything about it . An a more positive note , I am so excited for tommorrow . = D 
I had fun at my competition . My team got a red ribbion . 
Staring atmy homework & just seeing pages of jumbled words . Argh , I hate this . \ 
It's so boring and hard to read . :( 
