Daaaaaance the night away . nice tune . 

I think a squirrel got into a powerline and caused a little blackout at work . I heard a little explosion and a co-worker found a piece of blasted insulation coil on the street . That's about as fun as it gets . 
You know you're in Amarillo when the rain's horizontal velocity exceeds its vertical velocity . What an entrance ! The storm's first puff forced a distinct wall of dirt across the lake and into our mouths , eyes , and ears during break . 
Gonna try morning jogging . =) 
Held the warm end of the iron ... again . Heat is something you don't feel until about 2 seconds after contact , especially when entranced . 
can almost make it talk . I can't feel my fingers , but I learned a lot today . 
: Parents are gone for 2 weeks . I know I will get sick of macaroni and cheese ( which is the extent of a 17 year-old's prowess in food preparation ) before long . It's not that I hate cooking , it's just that I have more interesting things to read than my 
DiGiorno's saves the day . 
When you spend 6 hours on a Thursday night with your co-workers playing Go and guitar , learning swordfighting , and talking , you know you're in the right spot . 
: Tired and a little stressed . 
interprets the warning labels on fireworks packages as exciting suggestions . 
should consider sleeping and waking earlier . 
: Internet Explorer has been \updated\ " . That means it is time to use Firefox instead . " 
has a nice 3 day weekend . 
drove without insurance and a license for 2 days in a bright yellow car . 
should give his guitar a name ... 
No Go tonight ... =( 
will probably not run out of new things to read any time soon . 
learned a new trick at work . A new , long , monotonous trick . 
Did NOT know that pianos were that heavy and awkward to < PROPFEMALE > . 
I just realized that I haven't played video games for nearly two weeks ! Books are invasive . 
hopes this week won't have quite so many family surprises . They're exciting , I'll < PROPMALE > , but they're tiresome . It's almost like eating exotic food for a week and just wanting a hot dog by the end of it . 
tomorrow is my last full day in Amarillo until I leave for a great week in Colorado . I'm getting really excited now . =D 
\ ... pack my bags and let's get movin ' . \"" 
wakes up early tomorrow . 
Falling out of a plane is more fun than I first thought . 
It's hard not to love Colorado . 
getting up at 3:30 tomorrow . Pike's Peak . 
Today didn't work out , so we'll climb Pike's Peak tomorrow . =) Very exciting ! 
Still shaky weather . =/ I guess I'll have to come back and we'll climb it then . 
is back to this boring old town . 
painted a little today . Then the heat drove me inside . =( 
is ready to learn some solos . 
needs a couple big rocks to climb . Maybe even a slender crevasse to potentially fall into for motivation . 
has been wanting to move into the bigger room just five feet away . Time to actually start moving . Punching holes in the ground , too , it seems . 
One really small ( 1/8\) peculiarity makes the whole operation change entirely . Now the room[s ] is[are ] piled with unorganized stuff . =/ " 
Go Night ! 
hopes his internet connection stops failing . It * should * be resolved at this point . 
Seasons don't fear The Reaper . 
thought up a jovial tune . 
doesn't like how Hobby Lobby isn't open when I need a new set of paints . 
Home finally . Work might be slow going tomorrow morning . 
The oil paints and supplies I got cost a whole lot , but luckily the $250 from the < PROPMALE > competition will cover anything I'd need there for a long while . Now to put my new ideas on canvas . 
apparently * my own little world * has lots of happy little rocks . 
< PROPMALE > is letting me borrow his electric guitar ! Ha ! I'll be playing that all weekend . ( and painting , of course ) 
Back to the Canvas ! 
I just found a peanut in my pocket . I'm not the type of person to waste a peanut , either . 
Thinks it's funny how his hobbies require more study than schoolwork . 
I love Thursdays . 
is all sorts of excited . Fall is coming ! 
Miss the sunrises - miss the days . 
: When you can tell what time it is by counting the trips you've made to fill up your coffee mug , cut back on the coffee . 
Got his Engineering book . Fun , fun . 
Great day . Tired . Bed . 
Needs a snazzy new calculator . 
Switching from Modules to Automatic shut-off Battery Boxes for a while . 
bought a bunch of canvas and an easel . Time to use those new items ! 
writing trigonometry , derivation , and integration flash cards . An inch thick should do . =) 
: Constant activity is like hitting yourself in the head with a hammer . It feels so good when you stop . 
headed off to Colorado today . 
Climbing Pike's Peak today . =D 
: I need to join etsy when I get home . 
loves Colorado , but it's time to leave . =( 
hates the English system of dimensions and units . 
I think it's funny how I mention laser optics to my supervisor , then he gives me 10 books relating to what I need to research . Seriously , 10 books ! Time to study . 
: Elbow deep in a writing assignment . I hope I'm at least somewhat on the right task . 
Someone hit my parked truck last night . The truck won . No one is hurt , thankfully . 
Auction night was great . =) 
Finally got skype . 
< PROPFIRST > with a stick . No fancy pen =) . I pulled over to pick a nice branch out of the gutter . 
Money for Nothin ' 
school overload . =/ 
Going running with some < PROPFIRST > Halen playing . Maybe some skill will be learned through osmosis . 
\I am a victim of the science age . A child of the storm . Nobody rules these streets at night but me . On every wall and place my fearsome name is heard -- just look around . \ " It's a riddle . =) " 
Schoolwork keeps me from my guitar .... mumble ... 
Darn . Now I want a Gibson that I know I can't afford . 
My parents are going to go see the new Saw movie . I'm not . 
I need to move my car out of the range of any people who want to egg me . 
Today is a good day . 
Riddle : A man who keeps me to himself is considered insane . Two women who share me with each other are considered sane . Nowadays they send me across continents . What am I ? ( don't ruin the answer for anyone else =) . ) 
I love my mom ... She brought be breakfast . =) 
I need to give up coffee ... 
I am going be baptized during the evening service at First Baptist Church at 6:30 . Call me if you'd like to go and need information . 681-2546 . 
My parents are gone for two weeks . I have a lot to be thankful for . =) 
Is attempting laundry . 
Riddle : I will scream regularly at you , so don’t be startled . I’m just fulfilling the promise you force me to keep every Sunday . What am I ? ( don't ruin the answer for anyone else . ) 
I guess it's macaroni and cheese time . That's a big letdown compared to what I had last night . =( 
Just got a new printer . 
I drank a full cup of coffee before realizing there were two flies in it . =( 
: Paper due today . Time to finish the other half . 
I guess I should keep a close watch on my napkins . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
made his first omelete today . =) 
Snowing . 
Finished with Drawing 1 finals ! Yay . Time to focus more on Engineering . 
ENGINEERING PROJECT : Done , reliably augmented , and ready to improve my grade by 8 points on Tuesday . 
Yay I started on my summer mission application . 
My back hurts . 
I don't wanna be a Grinch for Christmas . =) 
It's almost time to crank up the guitar , read , and have fun for three weeks . 
My acoustic guitar has been allllll over the city over the last few days . It is cold and wants to stay home now . 
Is it possible to have too much < PROPFIRST > Halen stuck in your head ? I think so . 
Had a lot of fun these last few days ! Tomorrow I wrap and rest . 
Lockpicking doors at a stranger's house on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . Fun , fun . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
Ate his bucket of 3-flavor popcorn already . They make really good piggybanks . 
Take a piece of bread ; put it in the slot . 
Alright , time to start signing dates wrong . 
While cleaning my room , I found an expired check for $6.66 and a bunch of calculus homework with the phrase \neat please !! \ " written in red . " 
I dreamt I had metal in my ears . I think I know why . 
Somebody is feeling good about his college schedule . 
has some good professors . 
wants to turn it up to eleven . 
is taking it easy . Engineering passes the time really effectively ! 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
: Maybe I should shovel the driveway . 
is glad his car has front wheel drive . 
Flat tire . 
4.16666667 hours of ... wait , 4.17 hours of lecture over the same stuff today . Mushy brain needs coffee . Time for homework . 
It's a good day . 
Wants to read . 
“Life's too short for chess” -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . “Of chess it has been said that life is not long enough for it , but that is the fault of life , not chess” -- < PROPMALE > Chernev 
\Oh what a night -- late December back in sixty-three . \"" 
Hooray , a short Lab today . 
I almost have Calc done until next week ! That doesn't mean it's sleepy-time , though . 
It's still really nice outside . Amazing . 
Is now presentable to the public . 
Is on the road to South Padre 
Drunk people sure are friendly . Last night was a powerful spiritual experience . I hope this will continue all this week with the same power . Thank you for your prayers . 
Is back from Beach Reach and has a lot of fun stories . 
knows that this next week will hurt a little . 
One more test until I can relax just a little . 
Time for some \fun\ " studying . " 
Time to cool off a little . 
Real rest is for after this next month I think . 
Age isn't dependent on time . It's just hard to stay young . 
When there is fog , are we wrong to wish for sun ? I hope this next month will be Guided upward . 
ughh ... and to think getting calculus out of the way early would give me an easy week . 
Caffeine fix acquired . Commencing homework . =) 
wishes he had Microsoft 2007 . Surely by next semester I'll be tired of not having it . 
Feeling great about his Sequence Test . 
Study time . 
It's a nice day outside . Time to study . 
No more studying . For now . 
Woooo !!!!!!! all A's . Even Calc II . =) 
This summer stuff is kinda boring so far . I keep feeling like I need to study . 
My parents are gone . Turnin ' it up . =) 
Too much pent up energy . Runnin ' time . 
Dear hand , \ 
Heal quickly . \ 
thanks . 
Feeling good today . =) 
Should probably be thinking about that free oil change ... 
Can't wait until < PROPMALE > gets here ... 
Awesome day ... < PROPMALE > got back last night and we were in Palo Duro Canyon all day today . =) 
Start packing . We're going on an adventure ! 
Climbed the Incline . Feeling great now . I don't want to leave . 
is Back in the Saddle . Hello Amarillo . 
I just met a Reverend Banshee . He was holding a Bible . 
had a great evening . Too bad it was cut short . 
Go on . Turn on your blue lights . 
Beat the devil out of it . 
I just can't wait to scrape paint . 
It's time to be an outdoor person . 
If I could boogie to the beat , I could beat you to the boogie . 
My brother Jessy came home ! It's good to see him again . 
Went workin ' in the rain . =) Fun day . 
has some serious dirt under his nails . 
Always on that seventh fret . 
DAGEm 
had to work a Saturday . Oh boy . 
Time for Eastridge . 
Feeling a little tired , but good . BSM time ! 
\Live and learn from fools and from sages . \"" 
I was \kissed\ " by an old lady today . It was magical when her front bumper met my back bumper . " 
BSM TIME . 
has some pretty awesome friends . 
Hooray for cream of potato soup ! 
I'm just a'runnin down the road 
Bored . 
Good day . Looking for another one . 
Got his office Depot fix . 
A little tired . Colorado tomorrow ! yay ! 
So i've been spending a couple minutes thinking about how to brag about my time so far in Colorado , but I don't know where to start . =) 
It's an awesome morning . 
is back !!! Yay ! well , sorta . I miss the Abernathys . 
needs some wide open spaces to get lost in . 
is all sorts of ready for the new semester . So bring it on and such . 
Friday Night STUDY SPREE ! 
is getting some good erasing experience . 
Time for another FRIDAY STUDY ! 
is solving first-order differential equations with integrating factors ! Time to put the training wheels on . 
THANK YOU CONSERVATION OF ENERGY !!!! 
Headache ... blugh . It very well may be bedtime . 
Dig a hole , dig a hole , dig a hole ... I come home from work and my older brother , Jessy is gone . Any prayers for him are appreciated . 
Sleep is for business majors . 
Difficult week . 
is working on a frustrating little set of pulleys ... I almost want to cut the cables and let the stupid elevator fall ! 
BBQ time ! 
Hurt back go away . Well , heal , I mean . =) 
Everybody's workin ' for the weekend . 
There were 4 people in Dynamics class tonight . That's including the professor ! I hope no one drops the class . 
Dump it in grease and jab a stick in it . 
I have the whole house to myself ... HOMEWORK TIME !!! 
It's a WONDERFUL day ! 
Back into the fray . 
\To hyperachieve you have to be hyperorganized . \ " ~ The Idea Factory ( thanks 
Only 2 assignments left until ALL of NEXT WEEK'S assignments are completed . VEEERRRRYYYYY HAPPY ! This means I may not have to skip out on any of my old Thursday evening festivities ! 
Tomorrow's Monday . Snazzy . 
Is it okay if I pretend like tomorrow won't be a demanding day ? \ 
\ 
Feels like half of my mind is consumed with insanity . \ 
It's like a fire . \ 
The other half is catchin ' . 
3 good tests within this next week ... Busy keeps me company . 
Dude !!! it's October 19th ! Where did September go ? Well , I guess a better question is : Where have I been ? Time's funny . \ 
Time to study . 
Test tomorrow ! Oh boy , let's do that review one more time . 
Beautiful < PROPFEMALE > out tonight . Go check it out . 
Angular Momentum . ? (t ) , ? (t ) , ? (t ) , ? . 
What wouldn't I want to shake a stick at ? 
Needs a good way to memorize everything he's ever learned ... ever . I'd be alright then . 
Woo ! 
It has been a really powerful day . I'm glad it went the way it did . 
coffee study study study study guitar 
\When you see a deer you see Bambi ..... \ " \ 
It snowed . 
It seems easy enough but I still don't get it . Bring on the studying . 
Alrighty Laplace . Show me your ways . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s perty tonight . 
This assignment has 3 problems . \ 
You know that that means . ughghhhhhhh ... 
Lifes been good to me so far 
: numbers and such . 
Keep on rollin ' 
3 tests today and the dynamics project done , measure the speed of light tomorrow , then study for finals . Oh boy . Where did November go ? 
I've realized I'm way out of practice . I need to pick up my guitar more . 
I can't wait for this next week to be over . 
I played snooze tag for 2 hours this morning . Haha ... easiest game ever . 
Why am I still busy ???????!!! 
Woo ! Big guns and little sleep !!! 
Doo , Doo , Doooo lookin ' out my back door . 
Excited about the e reader , but can't get a wifi connection . Guess that means I'll go steal some wireless from Starbucks tomorrow . 
It's so easy to bury the blessings we already have , then wonder about the blessings we don't have . 
Happy to resume Thursday nights at < PROPMALE>'s! 
Dang , long survey .... 
Chess Nostalgia . 
Fuhbuheyackuhfuh 
Christmas , 6-month car insurance payment , 2 road trips , tuition , books . Let's face it , I'm broke . Means life's really simple . =) Ooh , almost tax time , too . 
=( Man ... all I wanted to do during lunch was play guitar , too ... 
Simple and Difficult intersect nearby . 
Time to go goof off and such . 
Bye Amarillo . I'm gonna go look at some snow . 
I'm back on Facebook ! hooray , internet's back ! 
She had to be thinking this is where rednecks come from . 
Aha ! You sneaky little audiobook ! 
Cold , huh ? 
But if I keep it real , it won't have the same oscillating effect ... 
If I do go out today , I think I'll wear coveralls over some layers . =) 
Good stuff 
rice , then run . then the other half of the rice . then sleep . =) 
Beware the pink nerve-gas-farting dragons . 
An onion a day keeps the women away . 
French Roast . French Press . Bonjour . 
Let's boogie . 
We Boogied . 
Hey guys ! So my thought .... Tomorrow ( Saturday March 5 , which is actually today ... ) Palo Duro Canyon trip ? Maybe leave 3:30 - 4:00 pm and stay ' til tired . Feel free to invite yourself in , but keep in mind I have a pass that will get a full vehicle in the park for free . =) Very likely uncharted , unmaintained trails . Most likely we'll leave from AC BSM . 
2:35 . =) 
Rest time . =) Glad to be home . 
Tag me , y'all . 
BSM night ! 22nd and < PROPFIRST > Buren . 7:30 . Free french press coffee and such . Invite the buddies . 
Anyone wanna go to Palo Duro Canyon on Saturday ? Maybe hit the road at 10:00 ? 
I know what I'm doing for Open Mic night ! It'll be semi-original , too ! 
