Can't get to sleep ...... too much stuff on my mind ! ugh :( 

wow . That was just wrong ! lol 
OMFG ! You can't really be THAT stupid ! 
i wish could just get away from here :( 
My family is damn crazy ! Argueing about stupid shit all the time . UUGGGGHHHH !!!! >:/ 
Had a GREAT day yesterday . thank you for all your comments and messages , i really appreciate them . :) I love all y'all . <3 
Having my wisdom teeth cut out Tuesday , hoping it's not gonna hurt too bad . :/ 
As always , something came up and I couldn't make it to my dental appointment . Hope nothing comes up tomorrow and I can actually < PROPFEMALE > out with Devyn and go shopping ( with what little money I have now ) lol 
I can't understand why she's doing this to me . I don't want to cry over the same crap over and over again , it's not worth it . 
I wish i could make it all better for my mom , she doesn't deserve what happened .... :( 
when everything in my life seems to fall apart , my mom and dad seem to always be there , no matter what and that's what i love . Thanks mom and dad for always being there for me . love you 
Why do people feel like they have to infade in other people's privacy ? If it don't belong to you then don't touch it ! 
it's amazing i'm still living considering you need FOOD to live . lol . damn i'm like starving over here 
I have the most wonderful and generous friends in the whole world . :) I never thought i'd be as lucky to friends like mine . To all my BEST friends , I love you guys and thank you for always being there when i need it most . 
when things get heated take some time to cool off and then talk , it will makes things alot better 
ugh , up all night helping my mom with her perm . I never knew those things could take so long ! But it looks so good on her and she loves it , so it's worth staying up all night , and i got to spend some time with her so that's an extra plus :) 
for some reason can't get to sleep . UGH I hate not being able to go to sleep when I want to go to sleep . It's so frustrating !! :/ 
UUUUGGGGHHHH !!!!!!!! RIH ORH TR IRTHWOIEUOB RHTOIWQK OHWEIQON DAMNIT ! <--- ( blowing off some steam , it doesn't really mean anything , just don't know what to say when i'm this pissed ) 
not feeling too good today , been asleep most of the day . Hopefully i will feel better tomorrow . Can't get to Dr. til end of week , i hope i don't have to go to the hospital . ( I hate hospitals , it always takes forever to get seen ) I'd rather wait to go to my doctor 
don't you just love arguing with someone that you asked to drop it a million times but they won't . Apparently you like to argue with me about stupid things 
I just love how some people try to act like there is nothing wrong when in fact , there is something majorly wrong . Jeez , some people i swear have no idea how they really make others feel ..... 
gonna go to the hospital sometime today after my dad comes home with the car .. I hope they find out what's making my side and stomach hurt so bad . And if another Dr. tells me that it's all in my head just because they don't know what's wrong i'm gonna go off .... it's stupid that i've been hurting for 2 weeks straight and no one can find out what's wrong . I need to find a smart Dr. , like House or something lol 
* SIGHS * still sick .... been to e.r three times and they can't tell me anything . I'm beginning to fall in the same medical illnesses as i was in 4 years ago , hope i can find a dr that will believe what i have to say and actually help me . I'M SO SICK OF BEING SICK ! 
Omg if pain could kill , I'd be dead right now . I really don't think doctors in Memphis know what the hell they're doing . They really think there is nothing wrong with me and i've been sick and hurting for almost a whole month . This is just ridiculous to be treated this way by people that are supposed to help you . :( 
Please pray for me to find a real good doctor that will actually take me seriously and help me . I really need help and no one seems to want to help . so PLEASE pray for me people . It's greatly appreciated 
* sighs * everything just sucks right now . :( Ain't nothing goin right for me . 
i'm sick of certain people lying to me or ignoring me over stupid b/s . look , if you feel like you have to lie to me then don't talk to me at all . If you feel like you need to ignore me over something that doesn't even involve you , then don't talk to me anymore . I'm tired of people that i thought cared about me , hurting me for no damn good reason . I guess i was right not to trust anyone even if i do love them . 
holy crap I just woke up ! I haven't slept that good in a LONG time . I actually feel a little better . :) 
wondering if anyone in my life can ever be completely honest with me ..... no probably not . 
thinking i might be diabetic now , but won't know for sure til i go to the dr :( 
lookin for a new tmobile phone that won't give me too much trouble . Anyone got any suggestions ???? 
allergies SUCK ! 
eatin one of the most unhealthiest meals you could eat but it os soooo good though . lol . ( hamburger with cheese , mashed potatoes , and saugage dip ) omg so good ! 
Memphis is May , here i come . I finally get the < PROPMALE > to have the money to go , but only the Saturday one . I can't wait , it's gonna be AWESOME ! xD 
which one should i choose ... a new < PROPFEMALE > computer or Nokia touch screen phone from t-mobile ??? I CAN\T DECIDE WHICH ONE I WANT MORE . HELP ME PLEASE !! " 
and so the rain starts ..... 
Music fest Saturday was SO AWESOME ! I had such a great time with my brother and friends . :) Can't wait to do it again next year . xD 
This is the last time i do something nice for someone that doesn't appreciate what i TRY to do , but it's whatever , i'm not fucked up about it . Guess i'm just used to it . I'll be damned if i'm going to get used again 
wishing my parents would stop arguing over EVERY LITTLE THING . It's driving me absolutly CRAZY ! 
what was supposed to be a good '' vacation '' for me and my parents is ruined cause grown ass folks wanna act like babies ! Just because what you want isn't happening right this second doesn't give you the right to ruin it for everyone else ! i hope i do not end up like her in my older years , but please god kill me if i do . DAMN IT 
got to get CTscan when i get back to Memphis & send to St Louis . Dr will decide if my bones are dense & strong enough to hold the screws & rods in my back , so i MAY be havin back surgery in Dec/Jan . It'll be 2 months before i'll be able to sit up & 9 months to a year before i can walk like i normally do again .. i get scared & depressed just thinking about how painful & boring life will be during that time period . 
went to the St. Louis ZOO today , and it was awesome ! WAY BETTER than the Memphis zoo could even dream of being . and 3 times bigger than Memphis zoo too , and WAY WAY cheaper , it's FREE to get in , all you have to pay for is the animal shows and train rides , but you can buy a $10 Safari pass and go anywhere you want as many times as you want . I can't wait to come back ! 
Back at home with nothing to do , and people driving me crazy . I don't feel good , i think i might be getting broncitis , ( however you spell it ) . what is it that people don't understand when i say i don't feel good , i don't feel like doing shit . 
Gotta go get my stomach scoped tomorrow at 7am . ugh . I don't wanna get up that early , and then be sleepy the rest of the day .... hopefully I'll sleep all day and not have to deal with anyone . lol 
don't know why people feel the need to be rude for no reason 
havin a lovely evening at my house , my room is fnally clean and organized ! :) 
i hands down won this one in less than an hour . yay 
fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me . :( 
Am i the only one that feels like my friends are not really true friends ? cause i really don't think i have any true friends , except one and i know she knows who she is ...... love you girl and thanks for being there when i needed you most 
My dad is one of the best \put something together\ " cook . Literally have no food at my house and he still finds something to cook and make it delicious ! SO FUUULLLL !!!! lol " 
nothing to freakin do ! so BORED ! Any suggestions ? :/ 
* sigh * apparently i have NO life what so ever . My own family doesn't want to be around me anymore . If there's something wrong with me , just TELL ME please . I wanna go out and do something !! :( 
lmao AFV is HILARIOUS ! I wanna make a funny video and embarrass myself too lol :D 
Been best friends with someone for a long time and know almost everything about her and .... Ain't it about a D*#^ B^#%* that my \supposed\ " BEST FRIEND stole $60 from me knowing i needed it to get my meds . UGGGHHHH IF I EVER SEE THAT H%^ AGAIN ....... " 
hhhmmm i don't know who to trust anymore , this is just ridiculous ! 
I love how some people tell me one thing , but they do another ! That's ok though cause < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch ! 
hoping some kind of miracle will happen .... :( 
I love ihop . It's so much fun to just < PROPFEMALE > out with friends and talk to complete strangers . Lol 
i suppose i'm no longer in a serious relationship anymore . I don't understand how she thinks it's my fault when she's the one that's been lying this whole time ! But what's sad is i'll always love her despite all the hell she's put me throug ? 
don't really have a choice in the matter .... * sigh * Not sure how i really feel about the whole situation 
see this is what pissin me off , i try to < PROPFEMALE > out with just my friends , but i can't cause she'll get jealous and mad and not talk to me and make me feel bad just because i want to < PROPFEMALE > out with my friends without her there ALL the time !!!! UUUGGGHG why does she do this to me !!??? 
ugh been at the pain clinic for 4 hours now and still haven't seen the real dr. And they're wanting to take blood today ! :( 
Wow the people you can find on here , it amazing ! I love all my family & friends ! <3 
Just so everyone knows , I'm not tryin to be mean or anything , but any posts that i put on facebook are never about anyone on my friends list . ( except when my friend stole my money ) . I don't talk bad about anyone on here because it always ends up turning into something it's not . I love all my family and friends <3 
Since i can't have a job , i was wondering if anyone knew some places i could volunteer at so that i would have SOMETHING to do during the day instead of being bored all the time .... 
my purse is in that car that just left for the mall that i'm not going to . Uh life sucks ' 
Why do some people feel the need to bring up the past and stir certain shit around and start all kinds of drama with me . The PAST IS THE PAST , LEAVE IT THERE !! Time to move on from all the bad things that have happened .... 
uh , i do not want today to be here . I just want to go back to sleep :/ 
how in the world is this the first time i watched < PROPMALE > Payne ?! It's hilarious :) lol 
... what to do , what to do ? Idk anymore . It's all so complicated . 
How would pie help me ? Lol 
Lol not if you're feeling sick . Or if you don't like pie . :P 
just walking around the neighborhood . :) 
getting ready to go to the gym . :) swimming pool here i come lol . 
apparently i got a little sun today . I'm getting sunburned . At least i'll tan when the burn goes away . :) 
i swear if SOMEONE doesn't learn to leave me alone , they'll end up with some broken fingers and i'm not gonna be sorry about it either . 
i wish i had the money to get a professional massage . I need one bad ! 
* sigh * why are some people so lazy they can't clean up their own messes and expect everyone else to clean it up for them . Ugh ! 
I wonder how pigtails would look on me now ? I haven't done my hair like that since i was like 8 . Lol 
can you die from stomach pain .... I really feel like i could just die right now . :( i'm gonna lay down for a while , hopefully i'll feel better in the morning . 
can't wait for the sun to go down so i can go outside and not burn to death 
idk why some people don't get that if you don't answer your phone you're either busy or asleep . No need to be calling me back to back to back . It's driving me crazy 
* sigh * Just sittin at my grandmother's being bored , and can't go back home :( I miss my friends ..... 
i'm gonna go crazy if i don't get out the house and just have some friend time . I haven't seen any of my friends in a while . :( 
if i had enough money i'd get up out of this town and all the b/s that goes with it . 
oh jeez , i think if i stay here much longer , i'll go completely crazy ! :( please lord help me through these hard times . 
i'm so weak emotionally i can't stand it . I can't believe i got myself into this again . :/ 
i almost did it but i chickened out once again . It's like she put a spell on me or something . 
i love sitting outside at night . I wish i had a bench swing at my house 
omg last night was so fun and i didn't even go anywhere ! 
wow she actually went to bed without me . I know she must feel bad . I'll just sleep out here for tonight . I hope mom won't mind . 
waiting on a ride to go < PROPFEMALE > out and spend the night ... 
man i'm tired , i had a very long night . 
Having a pretty boring day . Why does it seem like everyone is getting mad for no reason today ? Hoping things will be getting better soon 
back at home finally . It feels good have some luck in our lives . Prayers really do work :) 
lol omg i love ' The Waterboy ' . It's hilarious everytime ! :D 
my poor tazzy is so sick . He hasn't eaten in 2 days , trying to give him pedialite , not workin so well right now though . :( 
please pray for my baby tazz . He's gotten worse within the last 3 hours . Gonna take him to vet in morning but worried he might not make it that long . :( 
please God help him . We've only had him a year , please don't take him away from me . :'( 
had to force feed him through a syringe . 1st time he's eaten anything in a week ! Just waiting to see if he keeps it down or not . I hope he does , poor thing is so weak he can barely walk down the steps to go outside . :( 
R.I.P. Tazzmainian Devil < PROPMALE > . I'm gonna miss you so much baby boy . I'm so sorry you had to go like you did . :'( i love you baby boy . <3 
you can take a pill to get rid of gout but you ' may have a heart attack , stroke , or DEATH from taking the pill ' . So in other words to get rid of gout you may have to die ! lol damn that is messed up . 
omg 1000 ways to die is no joke . I'd hate to die the way some of these people have died . It's a damn good show though , makes you appreciate the little things in life and not take anything for granted . 
wanting a tattoo for my 21st bday , i know i want it to have something to do with my beloved pup tazz . He was my everything , i just need some ideas on how it would look . Please if you have any ideas send a description or draw it yourself and share it with me , who knows your tattoo may be the 1 i get , so come on everybody help me out . Thanks and God bless ! 
i try to be nice but my < PROPFEMALE > only lasts so long . I feel like i'm about to explode . Don't know what emotion to feel anymore , everything's just so CRAZY ! :/ 
hanging out at the mall with some friends . :) good to actually get out and have fun ! 
feeling a little under the weather today . :( hope i feel better soon .... And i just wanna put that last night was GREAT ! 
i gotta shake you off , cause the lovin ' ain't the same , and you keep on playin games like you know i'm here to stay . I gotta do what's best for me , so that means i gotta shake , shake , shake you off . 
hopefully everything will work out as planned . :) hope i didn't make a complete fool of myself around him .... He's really cute lol 
don't be mad at me because YOU lied and YOU got caught . It's not my fault you don't know how to be honest with anyone . 
why am i so stupid ?! I saw this shit coming and i didn't do anything to protect myself from getting hurt . Idk why i constantly set myself up for disappointment . :( 
everything I do from now on is going to be for me . I'm going to make myself happy , i think i deserve it :) 
i need to get ........ Damn i can't . :( 
don't know what i'm doing or where i'm going with my life . * sighs * what to do , what to do ??? 
why are you gonna be all mad at me because you got caught in another one of your lies ?! It's not my fault you don't know the difference between the truth and a lie . It's ok though < PROPFEMALE > will get you 10 times over ! BITCH 
i'm sick of lying ass cheaters and liars . They're nothng but trouble and heartbreak . why can't i find someone that will be true to themselves and with me ..... ugh i need a drink :( 
if you'd ever learn to actually grow up and stay that way MAYBE we could be together one day , but that doesn't seem like it's gonna happen anytime soon 
it starts at midnight ! :D 
i'm finally 21 ! :D so who wants to party !? Lol hopefully everything goes well today for me 
Just wanna thank ALL the people that commented my < PROPFEMALE > wishing me a Happy birthday . I appreciate all of it . thanks everyone . I had a total of 27 bday comments ! It was a GREAT day though ... 
happy birthday to my 1 and only baby . I can't believe 8 years ago she was just a puppy ! 
why doesn't it even feel like christmas to me ? I guess cause i don't have the money to get any of my family gifts :( i don't even want anything just to give to my family and friends .... * sigh * guess gifts are gonna have to be late once again . :/ 
why does it seem like when everything is going great for me , something or someone ruins it all and then everything sucks again . It's like a constant thing that KEEPS happening to me . Never again am i gonna get my hopes up :( 
i can't stand when people are so selfish during the holidays . I wish i could give a toy to every child that's not having a christmas .... I wouldn't wish not having a christmas on anyone , it's not a very good feeling . Thinking about donating some of my old toys , is there still a place open to drop gifts off ? 
I will forever hate Christmas from now on , nothing ever goes right and everyone wants to guilt trip me and it's stressin me the hell out . I love Jesus Christ , but f *** the holiday and trying to give gifts and seein people that just don't appreciate anything !! 
have TOO much on my mind right now and don't know what to do . I don't know what will make me happy so how will i be able to decide what to do about my situation ...... :/ 
Actually been having a decent past couple of days , hope it keeps going this way .... or better would be even better lol 
i can't stay here . I wish i had my own car so i could leave anytime i want . I have to move i can't be here anymore it's literally driving me crazy . I wish someone could pick me up now ! :( 
i think i'm begining to be happy again ... I just don't know what to think 
had a very long BAD day , i need to calm down , i'm still shaking .... :( 
finally feeling like i'm happy and don't have to pretend anymore =D never really clicked with somone like this before .... it's strange and new but i could get used to it lol 
AND i had a great day playin in the snow with zach & < PROPFEMALE > , thanks guys , i really needed it :) 
about to do a little cleaning , well as much as i can do anyways . I hope I clean as well as my 2nd mom lol 
why can't some people just let me be happy ? Someone always has some kind of problem with someone else , instead they need to just worry about themselves and what's going on in their own lives and stay out of mine . I'M GONNA DO WHAT MAKES ME HAPPY FROM NOW ON . I'm tired of tryin to make everyone else happy , it's time for me to make myself happy . 
19 degrees outside ?! My gosh no wonder i freeze to death even if i wear my coat . lol . I love snowy weather though :) 
my god here we go again . :( why can't she ever be happy that i at least call her and tell her what's going on instead of doing what i usually do and wait til last < PROPFEMALE > to call or not call at all 
lol fell asleep and didn't even know i was tired .... about to take a shower before he gets home :) 
