new year , new beginnings ? ... nahhhhhhh 

wants to float her house to paradise falls now . 
thinks conan o brien is a weeeeee bit scary looking 
is packing for her \eminent\ " return to the bubble . " 
ohhhh noesssss ! i have to go back to school on sunday . this is so depressing . we never seem to be able to catch each other . :( how's life ? miss you lots . 
is sad about school on Monday 
really really hopes she gets the exact same schedule she planned out . 
is having a miss my long hair moment . 
awesome night ! 
wonders why there's a comment option for wall posts . 
realized her class is 9 weeks long , not 8 . deatttthhhhhhhhhh 
loves the summertime . 
wonders if there's anything more to life . 
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
dodgers dodgers dodgers :) 
they definitely make time pass faster 
that was an accident 
hates how the status is right about the wall . so stupid . 
no pain no gain ! 
i wanna be a mighty morphin ' power ranger ! 
how i met your mother at haines !!!!! darn you < PROPFEMALE > , and your picture !!! 
stupid school at 9 o clock and being responsible . this makes me so sad . 
went hiking 3 < PROPMALE > ... and then had a croissant . lol . 
feels the weight of all her childhood dreams being crushed by reality . 
why isnt it < PROPFEMALE > in california ? it's summer ! 
Is so sad that she's gone now that every one is done with exams . 
is starting to feel too old for roller coasters . 90mph in 2 seconds is just too damn fast . 
okay ... 90 mph in 2 seconds is still pretty awesome . 
another theme park !!!!!!! 
On-campus housing regulation : B . 11 Pets Students may not bring or maintain pets in residence halls/suites except fish in small tanks not to exceed ten gallons . Roommates/Suitemates must agree to have a fish tank . There cannot be more than one fish tank per bedroom and tanks may not be kept in bathrooms . 
hates how there seems to be fire in the nearby mountains every year now . sooooo hot . 
< PROPFIRST > Boitano has his own food network show ?! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was in MIB2 ? What ?! 
DAMN FIRES ! Stay away from Mt < PROPMALE > ! 
All this bad air quality is making me really sad . Damn fires ! Stop burning down all our forests ! 
ugh ... only one more week ... NOOOOOOOOO . 
has had her < PROPMALE > for a year , and didn't know until today that it came with a chess app . wow . 
loves taking Benadryl when she can't sleep . 
is no longer excited about going back to school , and wants to stay home an extra week . 
wants to catch all those stupid chirping crickets and burn them alive . 
Lucky Charms : Magic in Every Bite !!! 
f . m . l !!!!!!!! 
wishes there was a way to sound proof the windows . 
is tired and sleepy but cannot seem to fall asleep . wtfuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
i disagree with you , weather . 
2 wins in one day ?! one of the best days ever !!! 
hates the new non-grid ucla agenda . where's my time grid ?!! 
just started the quarter and is ready for winter break 
?????????? 
wants to not have 8:00 classes 
does not want to go to < PROPMALE > because it means finishing all homework tonight . 
is there a type of dyslexia but for < PROPFIRST > only ? 
Every time I've said \This day can't get any worse ... \ " dun dun dun ! " 
had a \moment of sudden revelation or insight . \"" 
hates life !!!!!! 
i hate my life (!) 
it's that time of the year again , and I'm on facebook trying to evade the eminent doom called studying for midterms . 
apparently it isnt just allergies . damn you common cold . 
Row , row , row your boatGently down the stream . If you see a crocodile , Don't forget to scream . 
has decided that she no longer cares ! 
has faith ... in her team !!! Come on !! 
so sad right now ... just so so so so so so so sad . 
will look on the bright side . \Wait ' til next year . \"" 
can't wait until this blasted horrible month is over ! 
is livin ' la < PROPFEMALE > loca !!!! 
is so glad caffeine exists . 
totally did the right thing today . * gives self a < PROPFIRST > on the back 
wishes there was a button to poke all her friends with one click . 
is looking at all her little brother's < PROPFEMALE > and wishing she was ten years old again . 
oh nooooooooooooooooooo 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
is finally going to get some sleep . YES ! 
depending on what standing means , < PROPFEMALE > fears that she may just be GORDONe for . 
Smarties are made in Canada ?!!! 
is an underachiever ! (?) 
Brrrrrr ...... 
has no work ethic . 
so many decisions to make , so little time ... 
The woods are lovely , dark , and deep , But I have promises to keep , And < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep , And < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep . 
I was angry with my friend ; I told my wrath , my wrath did end . ;D 
weekends go by wayyyyy too fast . 
productivity evades me . 
tireeeeeeeeeed 
too much food ... 
loves her view of the school . :D 
8 o clock class ? fml ... 
headache ...! ouch . 
finals and being sick - life is being so good to me . 
is starting to think productivity comes in waves ... very low frequency waves ... 
why isn't the medicine workinggggggggggg ??????! 
is sure math will be the death of her . 
32 hours studysprint to the finish ! 
change of plans !! homeward tonight . :) 
we spend a third of our lives asleep . :( 
these facebook apps need to all be removed . 
needs to learn how to sleep at night and not during the day . 
is already bored of being home and it hasn't been a week . sighs * 
if my head wasn't attached to my body , i'm sure i'd lose that too . 
Goodbyes are not forever . Goodbyes are not the end . 
Another , if I would , I could not find , And I am grown much older in a day . 
??????????? 
risk nothing , gain nothing 
parrots are so fun ... when they're not biting you . :) 
curse you , cold weather ! 
unwilling to return to school . week 1 , again ? 
blue 
this year , my resolution is not to get sick . FAIL . 
he's < PROPFEMALE > the pooh , < PROPFEMALE > the pooh , < PROPMALE > nilly silly old bear 
stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! 
the sky is crying . :( 
Without rain , there would be no rainbow . 
poncho and rain boots please ! i want to go play outside 
< PROPFIRST > Addleman and < PROPFEMALE > Hartwick ARE AMAZING ! 
there aren't enough hours in a day 
how does the cow jump over the < PROPFEMALE > , and why does the dish run away with the spoon ? 
hates notification * spam 
thinking ahead hurts my head 
life , can you stop destroying my life ! 
is going to regret procrastinating sooooo much tomorrow 
is officially burnt out - paper , please write yourself for me ? 
for the first time in my life , i am glad i showed up unprepared for a test . albeit it wasn't for a grade anyway 
is really starting to regret the coffee ... 
RedBull gives you wings ! 
Time needs to stop fleeting . 
do i use sarcasm at the wrong times ? \yes \"" 
happy new year ! :) 
has a serious addiction to caffeine . 
nothing to stress about today . what a funny feeling . 
congratulations < PROPFEMALE > for managing to get nothing done today ! 
is so excited for < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ! 
darn germany and canada with all those golds ... 
Belief is a beautiful armor But makes for the heaviest sword 
been up for only 19 hours ... soooooo tired . Is this normal ? 
school makes me die a little everyday ... 
needs another pair of girls to get an apartment with next year . if you have anybody in mind , CALL ME ! 
dead week ... feeling kind of tired 
one would think after so many all-nighters one would learn their lesson and start early ... 
nessun dorma !!! 
note to self : don't forget to schedule time to sleep 
noise cancellation + music = <3 
sleep , let's strike a deal . i'll sleep twice as much as i owe you ... if you let me stay up for the next 5 days . 
anyone looking for apartment roommates ? 
1 ) you would think they would plan a 2-day weekend event for drake stadium any other weekend other than finals 2 ) you'd think that they'd put off construction for any week other than finals week 
boom . my gpa just imploded on itself . 
spring break is almost over ... WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY ?????!!!!! 
great day , yesterday . :D 
spring quarter ? laughs hysterically * 
i managed to get nothing done today ! 
i need roommates . 
is anyone free at 4:00 tomorrow ? i need a favor ! 
i just got slapped by life . 
@ Powell with < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
\I had a nightmare about split ends . \ " \ " You need to get your priorities straight . \"" 
killing baby seals for their fur , hunting polar bears , whaling , polluting ... as a species , we're just bad news . 
life satisfaction : 15% 
sometimes things fall apart ... right ? 
if there were a way to simultaneously add more time to the day while not aging in the process ... 
Row , row , row your boat , gently down the stream ... 
just watched Toy Story 2 again with Brieanne Painter ! Can't wait for Toy Story 3 !!!!!!! 
is at the Night Powell with < PROPFEMALE > Menia ! Study .... party ... 
who else is feeling burnt out ? 
Pixar , do you realize how far away June 18th is ? 
mismanaged her time . ahhhhhhhh 
by my desk 
good for nothing printer wont scan ! 
knowing that i probably wont start being productive until midnight means knowing i'm going to seriously be paying for this at 3 in the morning ... 
Time moves too fast . Where did the last 7300 days go ? 
late nights and early mornings are the hardest to get through ... 
hm ... a fan ... where do I put it ? 
higher education is taking my sanity . 
tuesdays kill me a little every week . 
17 days ... the countdown begins ! 
i forget that normal people sleep at reasonable hours . oh , college <3 
this summer is going to be amazing !!!! 
so the birds know how to bark now ... i'm not sure if i'm okay with this ... 
It's just one of those days when nothing gets done ... 
wow . famous people do go in threes . 
i hate how they always choose to have campus events right before finals . 
does anyone else always feel like they're running out of time ? crashing into deadlines ? 
next 24 hrs : quiz , 3 hw assignments , and final --- What doesn't kill you makes you stronger !!! 
this time in 48 hours ... 
26 hours until freedom ! 
last one tomorrow . any motivational speeches for the burnt out ? 
time is not my friend . 
guess who's done ! muahahaha ... 
Cap’n Crunch’s full name is Captain Horatio Magellan Crunch . Isn't that cool ? 
@1215 walked out of the wooden center to the sight of a half-naked crowd chanting wooden . <3 
A huge thanks to < PROPFIRST > Lam and < PROPMALE > for taking the futon down 5 flights of Sproul stairs ! You guys are awesome ! :) 
who's still in westwood ? 
how might i be able to nab a raccoon dog ? hm ... 
I kind of want a Lots-o-Huggin Bear ... mmm smells like strawberries ! 
what is up with frogs and purple nation ? CRUSH ' EM ! 
is going back into the black hole . 
feels a little giddy every time she presses the hide button on people with REALLY annoying status updates every 5 minutes . 
? i wanna be a billionaire ? so freakin ' bad ? TOO CATCHY 
i dont wanna grow old ... 
i dont know how my family enjoys ufc ... 
what is up with this weather , westwood ? 
thus far ... last summer > this summer 
got my index finger chomped on by a parrot . one thing to be thankful for : it's still numb 
there's nothing good about getting your finger bitten by a parrot ... 
It's starting to look a lot like summer ! :D 
loves Summer ! 
always running out of time . always . 
FINALLY watched Inception ! Kind of want to watch it again ... 
Had a blast with < PROPFEMALE > Liu at the Bowl and kind of wants to go off and look for snow leopards in Pakistan now ... 
hakuna matata means no worries ! 
??????? ?????? 
.... my life . 
alllll nighteeeeeeerrrrrrrr 
weekend , why arent you here yet ? 
whoops . 
whoa . 
The average person laughs 13 times a day . WHAT ?! 
good work ethic , why do you evade me so ? 
why ... caffeine , it's so nice to make your acquaintance . 
????? 
my neighbor is laughing like a madman . i'm sort of scared for my life . 
Approximately 400,000 people live in Brunei Darussalam , and I didn't even know of it's existence until today . fail . 
now i know why < PROPMALE > hanks in castaway became friends with < PROPMALE > , the volleyball . 
why do textbooks describe graphs on one < PROPFEMALE > but put the actual graph on the next < PROPFEMALE > where you cant see it while reading the text ? 
in times of great academic peril , i always ask myself , \WHYYYYYYYYYYYY ?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ " but i never get an answer . " 
i keep thinking an earthquake is happening . there is no way that is normal . 
they better not include the epilogue in the last < PROPMALE > potter movie . that'd just be as lame ... as the actual epilogue . 
is having a great time with her language partner < PROPFIRST > Shing < PROPFEMALE > ! 
why are people already starting school ? 
is finally actually on summer break ! feels odd ... 
??????????????????????????????????? ?????? 
thank you , < PROPFEMALE > crocker and < PROPMALE > hines for saving me from sifting flour , you have no idea how much i've grown to appreciate this . 
I saw somebody today and was like ... wow , she's really short , and then I looked at our reflections on the glass door ... we were the same height . 
being locked out takes such a different meaning when you no longer live on the hill 
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz 
It's already september ? Where did the summer go ? 
Facebook tells me to \Reach Out\ " and \ " Say hi . \ " by writing on your wall . " 
Every time I read about the environment , I get really really sad . 
week zero preparing to destroy my summer . 
wants to go to the zoo and visit see the tree kangaroos . 
having a great time wall-spamming with Shireen Malek and < PROPFIRST > Casillas ! 
when the parrots think i'm spending time with the dogs , they start barking ... 
3rd year ? where did all the time go ? i want it back ! 
back ! 
chowing down on food you made yourself is not the same ... 
i should be at home eating < PROPFEMALE > cake and drinking tea with the fam . curse you , fall quarter ! 
loves modern family . 
dear musical singing neighbors , tune it down . 
Freshman are so excited about class . Amusing but very annoying . 
and my 14 hour day continues ... 
I'm already back to procrastinating . Why do I never learn ? 
really starting to miss Sproul 5 South 09-10 ... and swipes , of course . 
< PROPFEMALE > underwood puts on one hell of a concert ! 
I like it on the coffee table . 
feels bad everyone who wore flipflops to class and also feels bad for everyone without an umbrella today ... well ... NOT really 
they should find a way to genetically modify bears to make them smaller . i want a pet bear ... would totally name it < PROPMALE > . 
??, you're my hero ! 
????????????????? 
something about wednesdays and antiproductivity ... 
I kinda miss B.O.O.T. 
pshhh all you people going out ... My midterms , quizzes , homework , 250 pages of reading and I CURSE YOU ! 
They should've had a GE requirement on time management skills , because I never learned any . 
These Covel study room walls are paper thin . Dear girls next door , I don't care what \He\ " texted you nor do I care how you interpreted it . Your \ " who made out with whos\ " and what's \ " SO A THING\ " are distracting me . " 
whooooo , thunderstorms on tuesday . EXCITING ! 
???????????? 
spends more time at Powell she spends sleeping at night ... 
i hate that feeling ... where you think you're almost ready for a midterm , and then you start reviewing the day before and suddenly feel completely unprepared . 
we're sick like animals , we play pretend 
\workaholic : one who is addicted to workahol\ " cleeeeverrrrrrr " 
9 o clock bedtime sounds really good right now . 
is not a fan of \See Friendship \"" 
can we just fast-forward and see how this all ends ? 
at Powell ( hardly studying ) with < PROPFIRST > Tamashiro ! 
Is Powell-ing it up , once again . Yay , school . 
Could sleep , OR could stay awake and be SOOOO academically productive ... decisions , decisions . 
working on a class schedule is like playing jigsaw with your life . FIT TOGETHER , DAMNIT ! 
i must've done something terrible , because < PROPFEMALE>'s a bitch 
cat chased squirrel . cat perhaps caught squirrel . squirrel was perhaps eaten by cat . cat & squirrel are not friends . 
powell , we meet again . 
great day catching up with < PROPFEMALE > Lam and Brieanne Painter ! oh yeah , and < PROPMALE > potter was AWESOME . 
mow your lawn , rent a goat . never thought of it . 
sitting in a very well lit room on campus wondering if the lightbulbs are CFLs ... probably not 
???????? txt ??? grrrr 
pumpkin cheesecake takes 4.25 hours . who knew ? apparently < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > did . thanks for making me do all the work . ;) 
too much \nomnomnom\ " happened today " 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand back to the books . goodbye , thanksgiving weekend . hello , finals . 
torrential flood on Veteran . picture time ! 
do normal people think before they speak , speak before they think , or speak while they're thinking ? 
if the mind is a muscle . and studying is like running . would brains sprint study and take a lot of breaks or marathon study and take no breaks ... 
it's kinda cold outside . 
curse you , time < PROPMALE > 
\stop being a little bitch and just do it\ " said < PROPFEMALE > Menia . best motto ever <3 " 
finals .... should i be more stressed out about this ? 
Dinner and Mamma Mia with < PROPFEMALE > Pham and < PROPFEMALE > Chen . LONG OVERDUE !!! 
conclusion : facebook is a voluntary invasion of privacy . 
sometimes while studying , i wonder if i will retain or use any of this ever again 
still having 3 left is kind of ridiculous ... 
????... 
thank you , time < PROPMALE > . i really appreciated the 3-day internet outage . 
?????????? muahahahaha 
So over this rain . It needs to stop . 
won monopoly tonight ! nothing feels sweeter than owning the whole block . muahahaha ... 
kpop is really catchy . 
let it snow , let it snow , let it snow 
being busy is too much work 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Kitkat :) 
does anyone still remember the \superpoke\ " app ? oh jeez . " 
Pokemon : preteens going off into the wild and battling strangers ? Somehow that doesn't make much sense . 
bruincast means not going to class and watching the lecture at 12:24 in the morning . a ; klsdjfa ; a . ; , gjv a ; fgja ; hn 
my dear macbook pro , please dont be irreparable , my life would suck without you . 
oddly enough , academic health > physical health 
steelers lost AND i'm back at school . ugh . 
apple just covered my laptop repair <3 
study time with < PROPFEMALE > Lam ! 
????????????????????? ??? 
i have a hard time getting over the fact that there will be no polar bears in 50 years . 
oh , common cold , how long has it been ? 13 months ? welcome back . 
Why did I just have to drink the coffee ?! 
Is going to Utah to take care of shelter animals this Spring Break and I think < PROPFEMALE > Menia , < PROPFEMALE > Lam , and YOU should sign up to go ! 
I'm so good at breaking things , I even broke my foot . :D 
loves my older sis ! 
apparently , crutches make fun toys for those who don't actually need them . 
Bose earphones : didn't know I needed them until I tried them . 
being an adult requires too much work and paperwork 
[ ? ] have lunch in my apartment with a squirrel 
just had the best time with < PROPFEMALE > Toda talking about everything and nothing . <3 
one hour less . sigh * 
so much yelling 
wonders if/how this whole video scandal is going to affect our incoming class of freshmen . 
goodbye , winter quarter ! 
fully recovered !! 
i knew better ... 
OHHEY < PROPFIRST > Moore's on UCLAradio right now . Go listen ! 
The longer I'm in school , the more stupid I feel . 
wake up in the morning feeling like pdiddy ? 
smells like strawberries . :D 
many an all-night i have spent realizing i should've started studying much much earlier , still this lesson has not been learned 
Pressed the ' Reply All ' button on accident . I totally get why it can be problematic now . 
they have a youtube video for everything . 
so many things to get done , so much time already squandered ... 
they're doing a < PROPMALE > event at UCLA in june ! 
wth , facebook . what is this message-chat hybrid cr*p ?! 
< PROPFEMALE > is only 23 ??! what ?! 
3rd year is almost over ? Where did all that time go ? 
