ugh !!! can't believe i had to make a WHOLE NEW FACEBOOK ! 

so , you would think when i say i don't like you on a daily basis , you would get the picture . but noooo ! it seems some people enjoy constant , relentless rejection ... smh 
i personally don't understand why people have to make things more complicated than they really are ... smh 
mall cops take their jobs WAY to seriously ! haha 
i don't understand how bunnies and eggs have anything to do with easter ... 
i really don't like trying to explain things to unintelligent people ... smh 
2 Wrongs Dont Make a Right .... But shiiit ,, 2 Negatives Make a Positive .. =) 
people say they love each other then break up a few days later ... smh 
today in APUSH we were talkin about the Philippines and that reminded me that my best friend , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Castro-Pasive , isn't here :'( 
ugh ! so bored ! text me if u have the the number . ask me if u dont . :) 
my ankle hurts but playing basketball/soccer was so much fun ! :) 
The things that people stress over are often irrelevant in the long run . 
i dont see the point in making things more difficult than they have to be ... smh 
so ... i tried to ignore it today . didn't quite work for me . we'll see about 2morrow ... 
field trip tomorrow !!! i get to miss 1-3 period ! whoo hoo !!! 
I dont understand why someone would go out with one person when they like someone else ... smh 
Relay For Life in a lil while =] 
Jus got home . Had a pretty ... eventful night :) 
Omg ! If u have something to say to me just say it . No need to make things difficult . 
Had a pretty good day so far ;) 
SERIOUSLY ?! what i do outside of skewl is none of ur business . so keep my name outcha mouth ! ok ? thanks 
uhm ... yea ... just cuz i talk to u doesn't mean i like u like that . sorry to burst ur egotistical bubble ... 
Anyone can catch your eye , but it takes someone special to catch your heart :) 
I think that everything happens to you for a reason . But it's ur choice whether or not u wanna accept it . 
I don’t get why some girls find it necessary to dumb themselves down to ' impress ' a guy . Smdh 
cute enough to make you look twice , sweet enough but not always nice , kinda crazy but not too wild , the kind of girl that will make you smile :) 
it would be so much easier not to care ... 
i dont get it when someone says paper beats rock in paper scissors rock , what happens if i threw a rock at u and all u had was a piece of paper to defend urself 
so ... i'm the kinda person that will go into Wal-mart , open a pack of skittles , throw them at people and say , \taste the rainbow !!! \"" 
Computer games dont affect kids ; I mean if Pacman affected us as kids , we'd all have been running in dark rooms and eating magic pills to repetitive electronic music 
I wonder ... do children in < PROPFEMALE > ever push their eyes together and say \I'm American ! \"?" 
Sometimes i just want to run up to a stranger on the street and say ' YOU'RE IT!!' and then run away ! 
If you don't like how i roll , get off the hill ! ( hahaha ) 
Don't hold on to feelings that cause you pain 
You make my life so complicated and the worse part is , i dont think u even realize it ... smh 
I'm sorry ... Did I just roll my eyes out loud ? ( hahaha ) 
It saddens me to see those people who don't know how to live unless they're in a ' relationship ' ... smh 
Jus got home . TyeeCha < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Young ! DO THE ROAR ! I love you daddy ! LMFAO ! CRAZY TIMES ! 
TOMORROW'S MY LAST DAY !!! WHOOO HOOO !!! 
up in new york :) so excited for Tamecka Thompson's wedding ! LOVE YOU CUZ ! 
omg ! my family is crazii !!! gotta love dancing with jamaicans :) 
i SERIOUSLY love being in new york ;) 
hmmm ... so ... it seems u were a waste of my time ... NEXT ! 
If my friends jump off a bridge , then I guess I'll have to stand there and wave because I'm not that stupid . ( hahahaha ) 
I know that some things are better left unsaid ... but you can bet I'm probably going to say them anyway ! :) 
If it wasn't for crazy people , the world would be a boring place . I\ 
like to think that my insanity adds to helping the world become a\ 
better place :) 
It takes skill to trip over flat surfaces and even more skill to trip UP the stairs :) 
When someone squints and says they can't see something , it makes me wanna slap them and say ' open your f ****** eyes then you idiot ' ( hahaha ) 
Some say , \Guns don't kill people . People kill people . \ " Well I think\ 
LAKERS WON !!! WHOOO HOOO !!!!! 
I'm so bored . I think I'll throw Skittles at people to see how many of them look up to see if it's raining . 
I'm amazed at the number of people who don't know the difference between their , there , and they're . ( smh ) 
ever noticed that things are so much funnier when you're not supposed to laugh ? 
i wonder if Lady Gaga dresses up as a normal person for Halloween . . . 
1 ) Go to google.ca 2 ) Type \how to find < PROPMALE > Norris\ " 3 ) Click the \ " I'm feeling lucky\ " button 4 ) read . . . ( hahahaha ) " 
I really don't see how some guys can walk with their pants sagging around their knees . I'm going to laugh so hard when you finally trip . 
just got back to GA and i saw Tyga at the airport =] 
I'm pretty much destined for greatness . I'm \ 
just pacing myself so I don't freak you out . ( hahaha ) 
UGH ! my phone is being bipolar !!! 
If ignorance is bliss , there are a lot of happy people around 
Ask me anything in my inbox and i'll give you an honest answer :) 
ugh ! too many thoughts rolling around in this head of mine ... 
Why is it such a bad thing to have your cake and eat it too ? It's my cake . Why can't I eat it ? What , should I have mine and go eat someone else's ? 
I might just have to shove a sham-wow down your throat . With any luck\ 
it will soak up all that shxt your talking ( lmao ! ) 
so ... in Atlanta it's illegal to tie giraffes to street lamps ... smh ... how to they come up with these things 
just made dinner . yummmmmm :) 
hmmm ... so ... u want me to care what u think ? sorry ? ur opinion is irrelevant . 
sooo ... i love how my phone just chooses to stop working at random times (-__-) just got it workin again :) 
it's funny how u found my < PROPFEMALE > and we have no mutual friends ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Castro-Pasive don't mess with me ! for i am a ninja ; therefore i have super secret ninja powers . AND YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT I CAN DO WITH THOSE POWERS ?? i can kick you in the < PROPFEMALE > ( just thought i'd throw that out there again ! hahaha ) 
it's funny how u can post a status about me , yet u can't say anything to my face . smh 
so ... u get mad at me for not texting/callin u ... but the phone works both ways ... hmmmm 
you make such a big deal out of the most ridiculous things ... smfh 
some people just look flat out creepy 
thursday and friday don't count . school officially starts tomorrow 
smh ... some people try too hard ( ha ! ) 
hmm ... soo .. i don't like you . could you stop tryin to add me ? thanks 
The next time someone annoys you so much you just wanna slap em .. do it and say , \Mosquito\ " and quickly walk away :) " 
I can probably always find song lyrics that describe exactly what i'm thinkin 
whoo hoo ! we won all our games ! 
you read my status to find out what i'm thinking ? here's a thought ... you could just ask 
there's a difference between having fun and playing games 
to those people who called/texted me earlier , sorry . i temporarily misplaced my phone :) 
just be yourself , if you know who that is 
I thought about being offended by your actions but then I decided just to laugh at your stupidity 
you say i've changed ? yea , i have . it's called growing up 
you wanna act uneducated , go ahead . but i'm not about to dumb myself down for you 
hmmm ... what to do , what to do ... 
My opinion of you has changed for the better :) 
so complicated ... smh 
sooo ... i'm the type of girl that can smile just to hide what i'm really feeling ... 
so fake ... smh 
I like it on the counter :) 
tournament tomorrow ... gotta wake up at 5 in the AM ... oh joy -_- 
skewl tomorrow -_- 
Life should come with background music 
Hmmm ... I thought you were worth it ... guess you weren't ... smh 
this one , that one , on to the next one :) 
At YHC with < PROPFIRST > ! :D 
Ha ! You were cute ... until you started talkin 
So ... I wanted to go to the party tonight , but I can't . Great -_- 
According to TyeeCha < PROPFEMALE > and Destiney Watson I'm high class !!! ( insider ) hahaha ! 
It's funny how you think you got me . Ha ! #notevenclose 
Some people make too big a deal out of the smallest situations #DoinTooMuch 
People expect us to be understanding all the time , but how can we when there's so much unnecessary violence and cruelty in the world ? R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > 
Just because i smile , doesn't mean I'm happy 
We see each other everyday , yet we barely speak . #NeedsToChange 
Volleyball and Track at NHMS ? No thanks . I think i'll stick with CHHS 
So I probably won't be able to get a new mountain bike until Spring ... great -_- 
I was once asked if I could live without music . I said I could exist , but that wouldn't be much of a life . 
Ha ! It's funny how you have no idea ... wow ... 
I don't understand why people stay with someone who's constantly doing them wrong ... smh 
So close yet so far away ... 
............. Blah .... 
Yea you caught me looking at you , but I caught you looking back 
Don't try so hard #notcute 
There are certain people I can talk to when I'm not in a good mood . You're not one of them 
There's always that song that hits home :) 
Just got done with the chorus concert ... we were ... interesting lolz 
I don't care how cute you are . If you have a bad attitude , I'm not gonna wanna talk to you 
Why do people insist on talking to me when I have my headphones on ? Smh 
Gotta love the holidays :D 
Some things just don't require a comment ... 
I'm really not looking forward to wakin up for skewl in the morning -_- 
If you're illiterate , please don't attempt to talk to me . Smh 
Hmmm ... I wonder if they're gonna cancel skewl tomorrow too ... 
Looked out my window and saw these little kids slippin and fallin on the ice . I probably shouldn't laugh but it was TOOO funny ! Hahaha 
Sooo I'm not really looking forward to stayin home tomorrow ... 
The Game has some changes this season ... hmmm ... 
We don't have skewl tomorrow ... again -_- this makes NO kinda sense 
It's funny how cute you THINK you are ... smh 
Ignorance is bliss ? I wouldn't know ... 
You post a status then get mad when i don't comment on it . Here's a thought : just ask me directly ... smh 
Why do people insist on saying things that make them seem like they have no sense ? SMH 
I don't feel like goin to skewl tomorrow ... but I also don't feel like makin it up during break 
last week before break and my birthday ! :D 
I admit I sometimes pretend that I'm using my phone in uncomfortable situations lolz 
Watchin my favorite movie , Titanic :D 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday :D 
Why do some music videos have NOTHING to do with the song ?! Smh 
I don't understand why you would go out of your way to tYp3 LiK3 Di$ and expect me to read it #outtacontrol 
I hate when guys get elaborate designs in their hair because when it grows out it looks a HOT MESS #DontDoIt 
Ya gotta be bold ;] 
There's a difference between me thinking you're cute and me finding you attractive 
Kiss with eyes closed . Can't see but I can feel :) 
Why would I trust you if you constantly lie to my face ? Smdh 
If you're still messin with your ex , what makes you think I would be into you ? #NotHappening 
If you don't like opinionated people I would recommend you not talk to me 
If you're fake don't talk to me . I don't have the time or the energy to waste on you ... smh 
I've come to know that people rarely say what they mean 
