Well , Happy New Years ! Be safe , everyone . 

One little elephant went out to play upon a spider web one day ! 
I'm going to make some eggs for breakfast !! 
Have you ever noticed that when you go buy hangers they never have the color you choose last time ? 
Is making PB&J sandwich for < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is going to hike Horton's Creek !! ( A very pretty hike ! ) 
Went to the Tonto Creek Fish Hatchery yesterday with < PROPFEMALE > . We feed some fish and then , after our hike , saw some fish being released into the creek . 
Made homemade ice cream 
Went to the East Verde River with < PROPFEMALE > and three other young ladies the same age as < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is probably going to go the Tonto Natural Bridge today with < PROPFEMALE > . 
It is raining !!! 
wow 
I am almost done editing the pictures of < PROPFEMALE > and will soon work on the pictures of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well , off to the river with < PROPFEMALE > . Unfort my camera's lense cover is on the skits :( 
< PROPFEMALE > is solving a treasure hunt by using ideas she learned in her book . 
Is almost finished making her curtains for the downstairs . This project has taken too long ( although that has been my fault ) . 
Fire Works will be set off across the street from my house . I'm afraid of losing my parking spot if I leave ! 
We had a wonderful 4th . I was very impressed with the fireworks in Payson . 
Light is sweet , and it pleases the eyes to see the sun . 
I am home again , home again . ( from Las Vegas , for those of you who didn't know ) 
I now have my work schedule : 1st hour Life Science , 2nd hour Biology , 3rd Ecology , 4th Prep , 5th Life science , 6th lunch , 7th and 8th Biology . One of these days I will have a schedule that makes sense . 
Is back to painting . I just now need to move a 30 gallon fish tank so that I can paint behind it . That’s 250.5 lbs of just water ! 
Ate a wonderful picnic lunch in the middle of an Arizona river ( stream size ) sitting on a bit of log . Pictures will one day follow ( I am so behind in processing pictures ! ) 
It looks like we have found a chemistry teacher for this year ( good thing as school resumes next Wednesday ) . 
Crossing my fingers that my classroom will be ready for Wednesday .... when all the kids show up . Right now most of my stuff is in the hallway and cannot be moved back in until the floors are waxed and cured . The floors can't be waxed until the sinks are 
6 years :) 
well , school resumes tomorrow . 
I survived the first week ! 
Enjoying my bing cherries ( only 3lbs for a dollar ! ) 
making blueberry muffins ( from scratch ) for breakfast . 
busy busy . work work . 
Back home ( what a longggg weekend ! ) and getting ready to go back to work . 
Wanna play with play dough ?? 
So tired . < PROPFIRST > too . 
Getting ready for meetings .... 
Stoped to fix my shoe and saw a very large Tarantula a few feet away . 
Free caffeine in the form of an iced coffee from McDonalds . I’m buzzed and ready to roll ! 
Saw a huge double rainbow tonight . Took a walk and got to see it over the lake ! ( no picture ) 
< PROPFIRST > took me on a lovely date tonight :) 
Walking around the park an agressive goose decides to cross the street and in the process charges a moving vehicle . 
Had a very long day . I am going to take a shower and relax for a change of pace . Thursdays are just too busy . 
I love torturing not so innocent kids 
Grading papers and concocting new ways to inflict torture for this school week . I’m thinking a week long homework assignment ( Insert Evil Laugh ) . [ NOTE : Truly , this needs to be done – despite what you may think I am not doing this to be mean . ] 
Water Wheel Fire - already burned 150ish acres . Started today around 2:00 . Small settlments have been evacuated to the high school gym . Meanwhile the sky is dark with smoke .. 
too tired to think 
Tonight my photo kids pictures will be on display at Down the Street < PROPMALE > Gallery where people can vote on their favorite . They will then be up for the rest of the month . 
Making bread . 
Went for a long walk around the lake . It is in the 80's and there i a wonderful cool breeze ! A perfect day ( evidenced by the many people having a picnic and enjoying the fine weather ) . 
I'm going on a hike ! 
just dropped some prints off at the county fair . I'm excited ! 
One of my pictures took best in class at the fair !!!!!! 
Did some dusting and < PROPMALE > a picture above our mantle . 
While reading my book last night I came to a passage that mentions < PROPMALE > Grey . I look above my book and I can see < PROPMALE > Grey's cabin . 
Was able to work with a G10 and took some pictures in RAW . Only now to find out that PSE6 can't see the RAW images from the G10 and there are no plugins or updates to do so . I am stuck converting to Jpeg inside of Pcasa so that I can even work with my pictures ! How frustrating ! 
Home again . Need to edit some pictures tonight . 
Watching my photo club students make frames an fake , old cameras for the homecomming parade . Woo . 
On the way home from church we stopped at an estate sell and bought some very nice rugs for our home . The cat has given her paw of approval . 
I just bought some marzipan . I will make a batenburg cake sometime soon as I always find myself wanting batenburg cake when I read < PROPMALE > Fforde's books . 
Ahh , trying to teach Life Scince kids how to find the slope of a line ... I am happy I do not teach math . 
Came home yesterday with a sore throat and headache ... and still have it :( 
I found my plant collection !!! I am going to set up a tripod and digitally catalog my collection . 
Rained during the night and there is a nice mix of sky and low , dark clouds outside . Took a nice walk around the lake and saw a bird there I haven't seen before - small , white with black around the eyes . They would swoop into the water for small fish like a sea bird . A nice start to our day . 
Sigh - A hot mug of sweetened tea and a relaxing evening . Perhaps I ought to read some . 
Well , off to a pot luck ! I made a zesty , lemon , bundt cake ! Woo ! 
Working on editing pictues . My , what a lot of pictures I have to process ! 
Setting up a fish tank ( at work ) for the last three hours . I think we are almost done .... I hope . 
Leftover quiche for breakfast . Hmm , maybe I should get some more . 
Loves pumpkin fudge ! 
Corduroy pillows -- they're making headlines ! ( think about it ) 
We got our government money for having bought a house !!!!!!!!!!! Woo , we can now pay down our credit card and maybe even get a dishwasher !! 
The low today on my back porch was 43 degrees . The high today on my back porch has so far been 90 degrees . 
Well , I watched the first two episodes of Red Drawf last night .... 
Well , I did it - I've bought a new dishwasher ! 
Fall Break is over . Back to work . 
I put on my fancy dancing dress and we pushed the furnature against the walls and danced . 
< PROPFIRST > used the flashlight to look under the couch for a lost item and all the duty bunnies were exposed . I think I need to get the swifter out and dust mop ! 
WD40 is Amazing !!! 
Both of the furnaces for my classroom decided not to work . My classroom was in the mid fifties today ! Burr ! 
Made a double layer cake with homemade chocolate frosting . You know , the frosting so good you make the cake so that you have something to eat the frosting with . 
Përshëndetje ! 
Machynlleth Wedi Marw . Really strong cheese . It'll bring you up in a rash just by looking at it . Denser than enriched plutonium , 2grams can season enough macaroni and cheese for 800 men . The smell alone will corrode iron . A concentration in air of only 17parts per million will bring on nausea and unconsciousness within 20 seconds . Our chief taster ate a half ounce by accident and was dead to the world for 6hours . 
I made an incredible < PROPFEMALE > cake for tonight inspired by tiramisu . Pictures will have to follow soon . 
Thursdays are too long . 
My < PROPMALE > work is going to be in a gallery ! < PROPFIRST > and I are going out to celebrate ! 
Certain kids put me in a bad mood today . 
I am * almost * done Christmas shopping . Who is left ... very few people . 
The tree is up , lights are on , decorations are hanging , and I am now putting gifts under the tree . Whew ! 
< PROPFEMALE > sleepy . Time for bed . 
Just finished framing a bunch of my pictures and they look Awesome ! Now to take them to the < PROPMALE > gallery :) 
This is the weekend of the Javalina . Just thought you would like to know . 
Going to go to Tombstone today with relatives . 
Going home today . 
What a long day . I think I'll curl up with a book . BTW , < PROPFEMALE > , I'm on book #3 now . You can come visit me and get your books back soon * wink wink * 
Went to a auction and got a crochet < PROPFEMALE > sized blanket for $35 ! 
To all my friends : it seems like < PROPFIRST > and I have moved a lot over the last few years . < PROPFIRST > and I should * fingers crossed * not be moving for a while ( as we now own our home ) . However , we are not too sure who knows our current mailing address . So , for all who would like to know : 935 W Madera Payson , AZ 8551 
The weekend is almost here !! 
It's the most wonderful time of the year ! 
My classroom started out at 54 degrees and went all the way up to somewhere in the 80's . I'm not sure where it is now , but it is comfortable at least . I can't wait until my heater is working correctly . 
Guess I ought to make dinner . 
Mele Kalikimaka is the thing to say On a bright Hawaiian Christmas Day 
FRIDAY !!!!!!!! 
I'm going to Flagstaff tomorrow !! 
I'm Home ! Lake < PROPFIRST > was so pretty . It was frozen over . I'm not too sure how thick the ice was , however , we did see two guys standing on it about five feet or so from the shore . 
I made myself a snowball , As perfect as could be , I thought I'd keep it as a pet , And let it sleep with me . I made it some pajamas , And a pillow for its head , Then last night it ran away , But first - it wet the bed ! ( Poet - Shel Silverstein ) 
It's snowing huge , fat flakes ! 
An inch of snow on the ground 
We've put the extra leaf into the table and have had all the < PROPFEMALE > from the advent calendar except for one . The house smells good . Now I need to put the table cloth onto the table . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
The tree is down . It is always amazing to me that I am able to pack everything away again into about the same amount of space . 
Spent the evening with family celebrating my Great Grandmother's 100th birthday ! 
I got the car unstuck ! The heater repair guy should be by sometime today so our heat will hopefully be back up and working . 
My feet were sore after making dinner ( lasagna with homemade french bread ) , so I have them in hot water . Except the water is not longer hot and my toes are like prunes . Time to take them out . 
Home from work and dinner is in the crockpot smelling wonderful ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is a riot to take out to eat !! First she eats an Anahiem Chili on a dare and her antics are very comical . Then , for an encore she aproaches a stranger to her ( a student of mine ) and tells him his plumb-bob is missing . 
I got my new book ! I know what I'll be doing during most of my free time :) 
I can see a bald eagle from my stairway windows ! It's up in a tree accross the street . 
Saw the bald eagle again today - it swooped down towards the lake presumably after a fish . Impressive sight . 
This morning I found elk prints under our bedroom window . It seems like we have an abundance of wildlife outside our door . 
\I was wholly imersed within the digestive soup of a yateveo tree . It was all frightfully inconvenient . \"" 
From my upstairs window ( that I am trying to clean ) I can see 1 bald eagle in a tree and 2 blue herons in a tree . The blue herons are harder to see , though . 
Made blueberry muffins this morning ! 
Kids have wierd theology : If 30 percent of the kids in town wear their PJ's inside out God will < PROPMALE > us snow . Last I checked God does not decide on weather based on what we wear . 
They should've closed school today - but they didn't They did , however , close it for tomorrow . The lake by our house is flooded and the rain keeps comming down . 
Outside the snow is falling .... Rivers are floodings ( and lakes ) , and mudslides are closing down roads . 
Woke up to a winter wonderland . Took my camera and went for a walk around the lake ( and through the lake in a few spots ) . No one else was out so the park was in good shape - no dirty snow . In fact , I even had to cross the street before the snow plow had gotten to it . I was walking in 6 to 12 inches of snow ! 
I made a snow angel ! 
Revamping my ecology trips - I'm pumped and full of great ideas for improvement ! 
Walked home from work today . It was nice 
Check out the < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! It will be the biggest < PROPFEMALE > for the entire year !! 
< PROPFIRST > and I walked to Scoops and got some ice cream . Yum 
Eatting fresh blueberry muffins and drinking my white tea . Mmm . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and enter your name . Post the first entry as your status . Beverly : one who is bringing sexy back 
Well , I've written a < PROPMALE > for $ 5,000 worth of equipment for my class . Fingers crossed that we can get the money . 
Had a great morning at the zoo with < PROPFIRST > <3 
< PROPFIRST > and I are about ready to head back up the Payson . It has been a relaxing weekend down in Mesa . 
< PROPFIRST > got me flowers - lillies ! They smell wonderful ! 
I seem to have a head cold . Yuck . ( achoo ! ) 
I had some ice cream today ! 
Staying home sick :( I think I will refill the humidifier 
Well , I'm mostly better . Stupid cough still , though . 
I have a guest speaker tomorrow for ALL of my classes . Guess who is going to catch up on all of their grading ? 
I don't know what to write , but I figured I needed to change my status . 
just spilled red juce on my favorite white pants ... 
I keep coughing ! But , I see the Dr. tomorrow . 
Sorry about the fish thing that appeared on everyone's wall . I didn't realize it would go everywhere ! 
New tiers on the car and a new garbage disposal in our sink . 
Did some more painting today with < PROPFIRST > . He got the hard to get ceiling . I got the some of the hard trim . 
What a long week this has been ! Tomorrow I take my kids to the river for a field trip , have two meetings before school , two meetings after school , grades are due , and will spend a few hours writing a < PROPMALE > . 
Today's field trip was AWESOME ! I love the changes I've made to it ! As a bonus , half of my meetings were canceled and I am home earlier than I thought I would be . 
What a long day ! I am now down in the valley . I will be attending a conference this week ( starting tomorrow morning ) . 
I got turned around and thought this week is next week . I now find I have a lot of free time on my hands . 
Monday's are very nice when there is no work :) 
Last night I made pesto chicken . The left over chicken is fantastic in our salad lunch ! 
I fell asleep watching the snow last night . I awoke and looked at the window to see a sun drenched snowscape with localized fog over the lake - what a sight ! I grabbed my camera and by the time I had made it halfway around the lake the fog was gone . However , I saw evidence of an army of raccoons in the area - I never realized there were so many until seeing their prints everywhere ! 
So , I've ironed my pants for tomorrow . Bet that by the end of my hour and half drive you won't be able to notice . 
Got back from a Photoshop thing in Tempe . I won a copy of Elements 8 ! 
I won a CPS Wireless Tablet - value of about $300 ! 
Don't forget to wear green tomorrow ! 
In case you were wondering : It is 127115.223 Centimeters from my house to my work ( my house to my classroom ) . 
Got our taxes done ! 
\The Internet doesn't weigh anything ! \"" 
We had an awesome field trip today ! 
I love that I now need my sunglasses when I leave for work ! 
I had eleven pounds of marijuana in my classroom today ..... Of course , it was for a K9 demonstration . 
8:30 pm starts Earth Hour . People around the globe are turning out all lights for an hour at 8:30 local time . Check out the internet for pictures for when it happened in < PROPFEMALE > . 
\Are you not excessively diverted ? \ " - Mr. Bennet " 
Took pictures of desert wildflowers this morning . We also picked up some strawberries for 33 cents a pound ! I'll share the pictures . You'll have to see me if you want some of my strawberries :) 
Happy Easter !!! 
I am making salmon for Easter dinner . I went to marinade the salmon only to discover that I have no catsup . I figure that's okay , I'll use BBQ sauce instead . Nope , out of that too . So , I am using tomato paste and some sugar and hoping it all turns out okay . Anyway , here is the best salmon marinade : 1/2 c < PROPFEMALE > oil 1/4 c soy sauce 3 tbs catsup 2 tbsp vinegar 5 cloves crushed garlic Good for 3 lbs slamon 
Roy : \We don't need no education\ " Moss : \ " Yes you do ; you've just used a double negative \"" 
Another field trip today . It looks like the wind might have died down .. fingers crossed that I am right ! 
I can hear the booms from the cannons across the street from the Civil War reenactment . 
I got to play around with a G11 today . Check out my flickr stream to see the images . 
We went out for pizza and when our pizza arrived I could hear the instructions for which table to deliver it to : \ Mrs. Adams ' table\ " not \ " Table 17\ " as our card indicated . " 
I caught a frog today :) 
We put on a show through Netflix instant play and only the music and laugh track loaded . You could see the actors moving their mouth , but no sound came out . And then you would hear the laugh track . 
I have tickets for the Lady's Tea May 8th !! 
I am DONE grading pig labs !!! 
Last several days up in the upper 70's . Today . Snow . The weather just can't seem to make up its mind . 
Making cookies for the first time in a long while . 
Great day at the river - even if the bus broke down and they had to send a replacement bus . Shark dissections are going well too . Sun Shinny Day and I don't have to make dinner because I'm going to the school picnic . 
Went to the Ladie's Tea at church - they did a wonderful job putting it together ! 
How do you build a mermaid trap ? Like a lobster trap , only BIGGER ! 
There is some road construction with one < PROPFIRST > for traffic complete with a pilot car between Payson and Pine . Our bus broke down in the middle of this construction . 
Well , I just upgraded to Photoshop Elements 8 . It took a bit to figure out how to get my actions to work and where to put my custum brushes - but I managed ! As a plus , it sees the newer RAW images which is good , cause my kids took a bunch of pictures in RAW on the new G11 and I was afraid I wouldn't be able to get to their pictures . 
< PROPMALE > Adams and I went to buy a grill today . We got it home and it was missing stuff from the tool packet - someone opened the tool packet and removed the clamps . So , we had to return it to the store and get a new grill . 
I am having my life science kids make recycled paper when they finish their big , giant packet . Yesterday , my autsistic kid decided that he had enough of actually making the paper and just wanted to help the other kids by blending the old paper in the blender . After my class I doubt he will forget to put the lid on again ... paper and water everywhere ! What a mess ! 
Went for a wonderful evening walk and saw a 9 legged tarantula 
Grading ecology finals ... but I think I'll take a break . 
Finals start tomorrow !!!!! 
Going to go get my paycheck ! This end of the year went much easier than end of the years have ever gone before . So much so , that I didn't even need to go in to work today to finish all those last minute things . What a great start to my summer ! 
Just made an awesome 6 layer dip ! 
I've accomplished a lot today . The most noteworth being that I cleaned the floors ( including under the couch - you know that area we like to pretend never needs cleaning ) . Now I am grilling dinner . Mmm ! 
I now have white freckles from the primer . And unlike paint , it doesn't wash off easily . 
My phone ( land line ) is acting strange ... Sigh . 
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness . Think of your three best friends . If they are okay , then it's you . 
Well < PROPMALE > Adams and I are going to go furniture shopping this week ! 
We went to IKEA today . I should have been scared when I saw they had maps . What an overwhelming experience . 
< PROPFIRST > & I just bought a new dinning table ! It should arrive in Payson on Thursday . We also found a couch we are going to order ! 
Our home phone plays Ode to Joy when it rings . Now we hum the tune all day . 
We saw a small snake tonight while walking at the park . 
< PROPFIRST > and I just assembled our new couch ! 
summer time isn't suppose to be this much work .... 
Went to Slide Rock today ( for my first time ) . I enjoyed the slides , however , the water was cold . 
I have a headache . Took some pain pills . Still have a headache . Drank a bunch of water . Still have the headache . Ate some fresh pineapple ... headache is receding . 
Rain soon ? 
I was trying to figure out why < PROPMALE > was having trouble eatting his corn on the cob - after all , by the age of 7 you should have some experience with the dish . Then I realized that missing your two front teeth could be a problem . 
Fireworks across the street from my house ! 
Made two purses tonight . One for me , to see how easy the pattern was , and one with < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE>'s turned out really cute . 
Ha , < PROPFIRST > and I are such slave drivers ! < PROPFEMALE > is reading for an hour after breakfast , lunch and dinner everyday . When she isn't reading she is working just as hard . We have been drilling her on her times tables . What's more , < PROPFEMALE > is enjoying all of the attention , even if she has to put her brain into overdrive ! ( For those of your who do not know Ahslee is my niece visiting for the week ) 
Had a tea party with < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > today 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > Garden tonight . 
What a lovely morning ! < PROPFEMALE > and I went for an early morning walk around the lake . 
Our evening walk was the best yet , < PROPFEMALE > shook every tree trying to get water on her , we caught some baby frogs , and just had fun . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are off to see the sites from the Rim . Wanted to get an earlier start , but 6:00 is good enough for me ;) 
Took < PROPFEMALE > out to the Police K9 demo tonight . You would have thought < PROPFEMALE > had never seen a dog before with how much delight she took from the event . 
The plan is to see Toy Story 3 in 3D tonight 
Going to the theater tonight to see < PROPFIRST > and the Amazing Technicolor Dream Coat with my family . 
Is it a bad thing if your car starts to overheat before leaving the driveway ? Looks like our car needs to see a Doctor . 
Got my hairs cut :) 
Well , it looks like I get the late lunch again this year at work . But , thankfully it isn't as late as it was last year , and the entire science department has the same lunch . 
What made me think I could make a quick trip to Wal Mart on a Friday afternoon ? Every other person heading for the Rim for the weekend was there . My trip took at least twice as long as it would normally . 
Seven years ago I married my sweetheart <3 
I have lost my cell phone :-( 
For the first day of classes all of the staff were given a bright yellow shirt to wear . And although yellow is not my color I know that as a collective group we are going to look awesome . It is interesting that as an individual it isn't very good on me , but when I am part of a whole nothing would look better . Mmm , my thought for the day . 
\How many cups of sugar does it take to get to the moon ? \"" 
I don't know how much rain is falling , but it is a whole lot ! Our road is a river , backyard is flooded and it has only been raining for maybe half an hour . We had a storm like this yesterday too that flooded GV park lake . I can only image what today's water will do it ! 
Saw a turtle at least 12 inches across at Green Valley Lake sunning itself on the bank ! 
< PROPFIRST > just linked my flickr favorites to the computer's screen saver ( the computer that is hooked up to the tv) !!!!!!!! 
Going to Chili's tonight with friends ! Woo whoo ! 
the morning light is throwing a shadow of the hummingbird feeders onto the curtain and the cat is trying to pawing at them 
A fish miraculously survived the entire summer in a small puddle of water ( an inch or two thick ) at the bottom of a terrarium without being fed . We didn’t realize it was still in the tank and was just found this morning . 
Migraine today & yesterday . At least today it is just a dull ache with the help of Exedrin . 
Being a total nerd I realized that by eatting mostly fish < PROPFIRST > and I have switched from a C4 diet ( what most Americans are on ) to a C3 diet . Pretty cool . 
There is a problem when you can't control the thermastat at all in your classroom ( not even on/off ) and the thing has decided to run both the AC and the heater at the same time . Turns out the controls are in another building down the street . 
Had some good rain and lightning today ! 
¡s ? ooq ?? ou q ? l ? u ? p ??? ? u ? u ??? ??? pu ? ds o ? ? u ? o ? ?,? 
Well , I have not only found a gift for Kaylen , but have wrapped it nicely too . This is a bit of a feat considering that about 98 percent of my wrapping equipment is Christmassy and not suited for a wedding . < PROPFEMALE > Lotts , I'll be seeing you soon ! I am ready ! 
My mother has more friends on FB than I do . Maybe I ought to go through the 16 friend requests ... maybe ... 
Wooo , about three weeks of Ecology planned out ! A successful evening ! 
I have a wedding to attend today ! 
Yesterday a wedding and a double surprise party in < PROPFEMALE > Vista . Today a tea party in Mesa . What a busy weekend ! 
Got home to find a note on our door from the water company . All the note says is that we have a leak and that our water has been turned off . With this being a long weekend I don't think we will have water until Monday ... 
I have all my prints ready to drop off tomorrow for this weeks fair . Reminder to all entering pictures - they need to be dropped off tomorrow before 6pm !! 
Did well in the fair with some first , second , and third prizes . No best of class this year , though . 
As I was walking out of Bashas there was a Stouts < PROPFIRST > parked out front and they were setting up to sell .... 
Two of my prints are missing after the fair ( but neither of the missing prints won anything ... ) I'm sure they'll turn up as they were both next to each other during display . 
Curse ! Duck of Doom . You should know better than to pick up a duck in a dungon . 
Who needs daytime television when you have real time , small town drama playing out in the papers ? 
Someone told me the other day that ignorance and apathy were the two biggest problems in < PROPFEMALE > today . I told him no I didn't know that and that I really didn't care . ( Taken from < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Two days of jackhammers outside my classroom .... I can't think straight at the end of the day . 
Had a wonderful evening at Broadway Palms . We went and saw Church Basement Ladies - what a hoot ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I are going to eat nut crusted fish ( homemade , of course ... but < PROPFIRST > did most of the cooking ) and watch a Dr. Who on NetFlicks . Sounds like a good way to finish the weekend to me . 
Well , I am off to Prescott for a few days for a confernece . 
I added pesto ( and cheese ) to scrambled eggs this morning . Mmm , a good combo . 
Fireworks are a good silver lining to the motercycle ralley across the street . 7 minutes of solid fireworks - a very impressive show ( and to think , they are repeating it tomorrow night ! ) 
< PROPFIRST > got me flowers ! 
Another good field trip finished . Next set is to come in mid November . I have a few pictures up on Flickr if you want to see them . I'll post more when I get a < PROPMALE > . 
The bald eagle is back ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I took a fall drive today . We went up to Sedona , drove through oak creek canyon , stoped in Flagstaff and then drove down Lake < PROPFIRST > back home . Very pretty fall colors ! 
Alright - I would like address updates . Over the years many of you have moved ( or I lost your address during my many moves ) . Please send me your address ! 
We have a new resident in our house - a mouse ! Out came the poison . Our house guest should be checking out soon . 
A tour guide was showing a tourist around Washington , D.C. The guide pointed out the place where < PROPFIRST > Washington supposedly threw a dollar across the Potomac River . \ 
\That's impossible 
Superintendent < PROPFIRST > O’Brien is pleased to announce that Payson High School Science teacher < PROPFEMALE > Adams was awarded the Arizona School Boards Association < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Runner-up Award for the East Verde River Study Project . Her nomination was one of 50 from 29 districts that ASBA received at the grade 9-12 level and was in the top two . 
I thought I was over my head cold , but now I have a cough that won't go away ... 
The Christmas tree is now up !! ( And no , I am not too early ) 
What was Captain Hook's name before the crocodile ate his hand ? 
Just sent out a handful of Christmas Cards . I need to find more addresses before the rest get mailed . 
I've been grading all day and am nearing done . I still have much too much stuff to do before tomorrow . 
Received my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Award today ( it is an actual < PROPFEMALE > on a plaque ) . We then drove back up to Payson in constant rain and drove through several low clouds . Now I just need to finish tomorrow and I am on Christmas break !! 
So I had decided not to change my profile picture for a while , but then FB changed things up a bit and just had to play with the new layout . So , take a look at my profile < PROPFEMALE > to see what I did . It probably won't last too long , but for now it looks pretty spiffy . 
What a nice day . Got to sip some hot tea , see the bald eagle ( what a delight to see ! ) , took down the Christmas decorations , and just relax ! 
I , being the nerd that I am , am writing this statis from my Nook . 
There are several inches of snow on the ground . I am glad that we drove up this morning while it was only raining . We had a good trip seeing family , but thankfully , our holiday traveling is over . 
We got our car stuck trying to get up the hill to our house ... It won't go forward and it won't go backwards even with a lot of pushing . ( but it is on the side ) . 
I've been putting off signing up for the last class for my SEI endorsment , but I did just sign up for it . I look at what books are needed to find that I already own the book . What are the odds of that ? 
Tangled is a very cute movie :) 
Despite best efforts , when working with goldfish in the lab there will be fish mortalities . With 70 students this year we only lost one fish during lab time . I looked up from where I was and saw a group of boys clustered around their lab table with their hats over their hearts as they conducted a memorial service . 
< PROPFEMALE > Lotts is visiting me !! 
I just finished designing < PROPFIRST>'s new business cards and I have to say , they look pretty awesome ! 
Now that I am finished making < PROPFIRST>'s birthday cake I am reminded why I do not decorate cakes for a living . It really did look spectacular in my mind but in reality the cake looks kind of funny . But , it should taste fine ( I hope ! ) . 
The more I see of the world , the more am I dissatisfied with it ; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters , and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense . 
Research shows that Wednesday around 3 in the afteroon is when Facebook activity is the highest . 
\Top off the tea ... it lubricates the grey matter \"" 
I made homemade mango soda today . It's a bit on the sweet side , but otherwise good . 
If a man has no tea in him , he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty – Japanese Proverb 
My wisdom teeth are making an appearance but I don't see the dentist until next week . 
We enjoyed a nice day out with family . I also downloaded a new book by one of my favorite authors to read on my Nook . With my vacation time here I should have lots of time to read it and to Photoshop ! 
I finished painting the downstairs bathroom . It turned out to be more work than I thought it would be . 
There's something wonderful about taking a shower in the middle of the afternoon . 
Made some amazing Chai Tea tonight . Mmmm 
