Watching < PROPMALE > on tv ... used to live in Pennsacola Fla . This is sad ... tar balls all over the beach 

I have a son < PROPFIRST > Higgins Jr. who is a dealer at Harrah's Casino in Cherokee N.C. if you sit at his table say hello for me !! 
is wishing everybody a very safe and Happy 4TH of July . Drive safe and sober and arrive alive ! 
having thunderstorms and tornado warnings all around us in northwestern N.C. How is it there in the eastern part of N.C. ?? ( Outer Banks ) to be specific)The fish really are bountiful in this type of weather they say !! 
those Temptations are fantastic in the day !! what a blast from the past ! GOOD MOVIE !! 
let me remind you today is a present(gift ) from God .... so don't look back to yesterday or forward to tomorrow .... if you do you miss the present ( gift ) from God . 
< PROPFIRST > chap . 6 verse 34 
it's great to hear from you < PROPMALE > !! Yes I do love Atlanta but NO I do not am not ever gonna want to live there .... lol 
can we please take a break from all this bs and go water skiing ... perhaps you need to take a day off too !! 
I dunno !!! but ima thinkin i like that country song ! just dunno who sings it ..... God is Great ... beer is good and people are crazy .... yes a good ol ' song by a good ol ' country boy !!! 
I just got a Cafe World Bonus here http://www.cafeworldbonus.com 
To thine own self be true .... 
God is Great .... beer is good and people are crazy ..... 
people who want to do something find a way people who don't find an excuse !!!! 
perhaps instead of growing old , we'll grow up !! 
you can bs your friends and I'll bs my friends but lets not bs one another !! 
celebrating 43rd anniversary tomorrow .... we adore one another and still kiss goodnight and hold hands ... we know how to move mountains and pay no attention to the small stuff .... we have no great wealth but our love is sufficient for life ... God we are blessed !! 
my very special sweet adorable cousin has gone to live in heaven with our Lord Jesus Christ I will miss her profoundly . < PROPFIRST > I will celebrate your life as you would want me too . Oh how we loved to talk about Jesus Christ together .. she now is in His presence and that is truth . My very favorite friend I shall see you again very soon . 
there are a lot of transitions in our life and I am howling at the < PROPFEMALE > to let out the stress .. awwwooooooooooooooooooooooawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwoooooooooooo 
small minds talk about people ..... average minds talk about events .... great minds talk about ideas !! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
