Happy New Years ppls !! I have a feeling this yrs gonna be better im already crossing my fingers !!! :) 

ITS HOT 
This has been the craziest 2 weeks of my life < PROPFEMALE > far , but like they said things could only get better now 
Watch'd Eclipse last night and < PROPMALE > was super HOT !!! 
Happy 4th of July peoples !!!!! Time for some firework !!! 
Damn that was the BEST 4th of July Ive ever had !! I got hit by 2 bottle rockets and I wasnt even in the war 
I need CHOCLATE !!!!!! XD 
Ive got jobs from left to right !!! Busy schedule 
I cant wait til SUNDAY !!!!!! Baking in the sun and relaxation by the pool :) 
Awww four more days til my lil bro leaves to BootCamp .... :( Take Care Bro Ill see u Tuesday ! 
Awwww my bro left today .. :( he's all grown up now 
I just got done wit my interview !!! All i nid is step 3 the drug test and back around test and then im in !! Nowhere left to go but UP !! 
Why do they tell you to not talk to strangers when everyone you first meet is a stranger ???? 
I just got the call ...... IVE GOT THE JOB !!!!!!!!!!! XP I start on the 23 ......... :) all i nid is a car .. Almost there !!!!!!! 
I cant sleep !!!!! :) Somebody help me !!! Hahaha lol 
I feel like theres never enuf time for anything even if u plan it ..... 
The cutes song EVER !!! PERFECT TWO BY AUBURN .... I LOVE IT :) 
Its < PROPFEMALE > hot and humid !!! Aahhh tell the sun to go away !! Lol 
Watching Lord of the Rings the Fellowship !! I love this movie !!!!!!! :) 
I think I broke my ipod ...... :( 
My ipod is fix !!!!! YAY !!! At Southpoint going bowling !!! 
In Cali !!!! Yay !!! It smells like rain and the weather is sooo nice ! 
Just got home from cali .... I already miss it there 
Ahhhhhh 4 more days til i start working again .... I dont think im ready ... Haha jkjkjk ofcourse i am !! :) 
Is it a poke war right now ???? Im being poke bak and forth !! Hahaha :) 
I nid a vacation !!!! C : 
My tummy is talking to me !!! 
Ahhh 3 more days ... Im getting nervous ... 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > and Khole Take Miami ... This show i sooo addicting but i LOVE it !! :) 
Ahhhh its hot !!! Im start driving in my bikini !! Hahaha jkjk 
Just got done playing madden 2010 idk wat happend but all i knw is i won !!! :) Dam im on a good one !!!!! :) nighty night !! 
I cudnt sleep keep waking up evry 30mins 
About to go to work !! JKJK its just bbysitting .... I havent bbysat in a while but i shud be oky !!! 
Im bored the kids r asleep and im watching suite life on deck .... And i still have 5 more hrs left 
Ahhhh im falling asleep .. :( 
Omgoodness just one more month and its my bday !!!! Better get my presents ready !!! Haha jkjk X ) 
Home at last !! :) I have a feeling tomorrows gonna be a lonnnnnggg day i can feel it already ...... 
At the school on a good one now at home playing posio does idk wats going on !!!! 
WHHHHHYYYYYY !!!!!! this is toooo much ....... :( 
1st day of work tomorrow !!!!! And then bak to school nxt week !! Excited , happy , and nervous !!! I wonder how my schedules gonna end up like ???? 
Ahhhh work was awwwwwsome !!!! I love my new job !! :) 
I knew this was going to be a busy week .... Off to work soon !!! But it means 8 and half hrs witout my fone !!!! NOOOOOOOO !! Hahahah X ) 
Just got off work !! I found out that by the end of the week were gonna have homework for work and its gonna be to play the new playstations were about to get !!! Ahhhh i love this job !! X ) 
I dont wanna grow up !!!!! HAHahah 
Home from a hard day of work ... Not even !! :) co-workers gave me a new nickname !! And its LIPALIOUS !!! I love it !! Hahaha 
Yay !!!! Todays my friday !!! Well ppls off to work now !! Laters x ) 
OHHHH my gosh !!!! Its a small world ......... 
At Subway !! Yumm yumm !! :) 
Ahhhhh schools gonna start on monday ....... 
Listening to the Beatles ... Im bored ...... 
Ohhh my goodness the weather is soooooo nice it feels like cali !!!! 
Yummmm ice cream at the park the perfect way too end the day !!!! :))) 
Uhhhhh waiting for class to start ... Was i suppose to bring something ???? Ohh well wish me luck !!! Haha SCHOOL gotta love it 
Ohh my goodness ppls its freezing out here ... 
Well ppls i bid u a gudnight cuz ive gotta busy schedule !! Laters 
I hate waking up 10mins b4 my alarm .... Im be tired tonight thats forsure .... Off to school !! :) 
Out of class nxt is work ... 3day weekend coming up !! Yay :) 
hey ppls on break im bored ... craming in tooo much knowledge right now nid a advil !! Ahhhh 
Awwww its getting hot again .... :( off to school ! Man im tired ..... 
Ohhh my goodness ppls imma be 20 in a few weeks !! Yay !! Time goes by sooo fast !! Off to school in a lil bit ... 
Yay no school tomorrow .. I can finally sleep in !!! 22 more days !!! 
AHHH im < PROPFEMALE > tired i didnt get to sleep in like i wanted to .... Im bored 
Yay !! 4 1/2 hrs left today went by fast .... 
Its uber hot right now .... :( I want it to be fall already !! 
Wohhhh 21 more until my bday !! Dam im getting old .. 3day weekend now wat to do ..... x ) 
ITs sooooo hot im melting ... 
Wot wot at a philippino gathering !! 
Morning ppls its a nice day outside .... Hope it doesnt get too hot 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > i added them did u get it ??? 
Yay almost done moving ... My body is soooo sore .. 
I love caramel toffee bites !!! Yummmmmmm so so good !! XD 
Awww my allergies are acting up ..... :( 
Goodmorning ppls .. Its gonna be a long long day ..... I think i just heard thunder !! 
Dam wat class was i suppose to take today ?? Ahahha oh well ... Wish me luck ! :) 
Ahhhh dam the dmv has a < PROPFIRST > wrapped all around the building ... Woke up super early for nothing .... :( 
Time for work talk to u ppls laters !!! Im tired ..... 
At the dmv in Henderson ... I just saw a < PROPMALE > look alike from True Blood .... 
Out for a run ... But dam im out of shape ... :( 
Asian bondage going down !!! Hahaha FASA !! 
Dam wat a day ... Im tried .... 
Wow 13 more days til my birthday ... Goodbye to the teens !! XD 
is eating Carne Asada frys wit Horchata .. UMMM my favorite !!! XDD 
Work from 10-7 today ... Missing school :( 
At work playing playstation ... Life is good !! Hahaaha :) 
Im bored ... waiting for tomorrow to come .. :\\ 
My schedule is such a mess .... Its driving me crazy ... :( 
Dam i definitly cant keep up wit my schedule ... Ive got < PROPMALE > migranes right now ... :( 
Trying to relax and watching Letters to < PROPFEMALE > !!! I love this movie !! :) 
Today was a loooonng saturday !! LOVE it !! I dont wanna go to work tomorrow .... 
Dam i think its stupid driving day in less than 5mins ive ran into 3 of them .... 
Dam wat a schedule i hardly have time to breathe .... 
It feels soooo nice this morning . A nice cold breeze while im running ... Hope it lasts all day !! :) 
2 more days til the teen is gone ..... Ahhh good times ohhh well .. Future here I come !!! =] 
Dam this Homework is hard but im half way done ..... But im not even sure if its right .. Ohhh well I still have time to change it til monday morning ! 
Well ppls imma get some shut eye ... Imma wake up 20 !! Wowoooowwohh Do i have to take the responsiblities !?!!?! Hahaha 
Thanks for all the birthday greets and < PROPFEMALE > now i expect my gifts to be at my door by the time i wake up tomorrow !! Hahaha JKJK Nihty night ppls imma go crash now this has been a trying week ... C = 
I was told by some ppl that at time I look 17 or 18 and other times look like im 22 or 23 ... And then some tell me I sound like im 16 and other times sound too mature for my age ....?!?!? Ppl are sooo confusing and now i dont knw whether to accept it as an insult or thank them ?? 
Dam i think i failed this weeks hw assignment .... :/ ohhhh well ill have to see in 30mins 
I need to wake up ... These energy drinks rilly dont woke on me any more and i havent drank them in a while and its still not working ..... :/ 
I feel like im running out of time but its only 11 ..... Is it suppose to feel that way 
Is spending time wit the family . Ive been missing my ppls . I love my fam !! 
Hangovers sux .... 
I feel soooo out of it IDK y tho .... =( 
The weather is soooooo nice .. I dont wanna go to work :( ohh well off to work ppls 
Awww i broke a nail ! 
It is freezing out here .... I LOVE IT !!! Can someone cut the power so i dont have to go bak to work !!! PLEASE !! :)))) 
I Like It on the Chair !! =) 
I think I might get a hair cut ..... 
Karaoke wit the fam any song request ?? Hahaha 
I Like it on the bookshelf ! 
Well ppls off to school I go !! 
at work eating bbq .. Man they spoil us here !! I love my job .. I just dont wanna work !! Hahahaha 
* Sign * 4 more hours of work ..... Its feels like forever ... I need longer days off 
I HATE HW .... :( 
I feel yucky .... :p Called out of work today . I think I need 2 bottles of nightquil 
It feels like there hardly any ppl out today ... Guess the thunder storm is keeping ppl in 
The were playing < PROPFEMALE > girl on the radio i havent heard this song in forever ! 
Gotta start practing my vocals cuz imma be the Grudge !! :) 
Im tried ..... Need some sleep !!!! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN PPLS !!! Dont have too much < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Got some good pics last night ill be posting them laters !! :) 
I was told i look PRETTY !! :3 that made my day !!! :) 
Oky < PROPFEMALE > im at the dmv wit my cuzn and were just sitting there waiting for her number to be call < PROPFEMALE > a guy comes up to us asking us- his son was asked to be a girls secourt to the debutaunt ball and asked us if his son shud pay and then he bought up how he use to be an secourt for girls and he wud have the girls pay him ..... Wat a day .. 
Ive recently decided that that i dont like my sched any more i cant even go out anymore cuz i have to wake up early and its gonna get worse cuz soon ill have to start going to work even earlier ..... =( 
I wanna runaway to a place where no one can find me for at least one day ... I never have time to do my own thing anymore ...... I need a long vacation !!! 
She explosive im not afraid to let her know , I LOVE A GIRL WITH ATTITUDE !! Cookie Cutter !! I love this song 
I was told I looked like the typical asian but once they really got to me ... They told me a tear just ran down their face .. Hahaha 
Im soooo tired oky so I went to sleep kinda early so tell me why 12:33 am I hear a knock on my door and no one was there .. After that I could get back to sleep til 3am and I had to go to work at 6am .... I wanna nap already ... 
Is watching Waiting 
Im bored .... Im cutting my on split ends im tooo afraid my hairs gonna be butched !! 
Just finished helpping my little sister with her project . She had to make a snowman project and its full of my old < PROPFEMALE > things I miss being a kid .... 
Ahhhhh I dont wanna go to class my presentations due and i hate presenting ..... Hope no one comes so Im talking to myself !!! Hahahahha I can only wish ! =) 
The whole family is gonna be complete this weekend !!! Yay be careful on the road bro see u soon 
My weekend begins !!! < PROPFEMALE > much to do so many ppl to see 
( SIGH ) I only got 3 hrs of sleep and I dont even have to do anything this morning .... I miss sleeping in and to top it off I only got 5hrs of sleep the night before and woke up 5 in the morning and just end up watching Sponge < PROPMALE > but this morning I got to wake up at 7:30 but still wishing I cud sleep in .... Ahhhhh I miss sleep 
Is watching Titanic ... Its freezing today 
Im scared im about to get my hair cut ....... 
I just realized that both my grandmother's birthday is on CHRISTMAS ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ppl dont drink toooo much eggnog !! :)))) 
Awwww I dont wanna go to work .... :\\ Hope it goes by fast 
Watching The Rugrats while getting ready for work !!! That LOVE this show . 
Its < PROPFEMALE > lonely now that the cuzns are gone .... :( 
Today was a GOOD DAY !!!! Just wish it would of lasted longer ...... One day off is not cutting it .. Hope the my schedule goes back to normal soon 
Im sorry guys Ill post the pictures later I havent have time to , Ill do it today forsure !! :) 
YAY .... All the pics are up loaded ... NOW just gotta tag evryone .. 
Ohhh My gosh there is sooooo much to do but i just wanna stay home and watch movies !! 
Ohhhhhh my goodness ..... Today first day of school just kicked my butt ... Night night ppls :) 
Ohhhhhh my goodness ..... Today first day of school just kicked my butt ... 8hrs of work and 4 1/2 hrs of school(suppose to be 5 1/2 but got an early out of class ) Night night ppls :) 
Im in LOVE wit the Swan < PROPFEMALE > !! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > just had her random out bust of the day ... She go into my arms and just started howling !! Hahaha I love this dog 
Time for Philosophy !!! Then < PROPMALE > ... Then back to work I hate my Tuesdays ..... I wish my schedule would change already 
Yah i got my PS3 today !!! :) 
Ohhhh my goshhhhhhh my < PROPMALE > teachers talking about < PROPMALE > now im fallking asleep ....... 
Awww wat a nice day !!!! Just dropped of my sister to work and had nothing to do sooo now im at Petsmart .... Pretty fishies !!! :) 
Ppl are funny ... A lady get got back from shopping and is yelling at her dog cuz it pooped in the car .... Ppl if ur gonna go shopping dont take ur dog 
Yay !!!! Brand new Vizio tv to go with my PS3 !! :) now imma be a bum and watch movies the rest of the day 
At first friday wit sister and her friends 
Back in the DAY ..... I miss thoughs DAYS ..... 
Why is it that we let ourselves get hurt the most by the one we love most .... But then when someone we know or dont even know does the same thing we can fight it or it doesnt rilly matter ? 
Give a little , Take a little thats all we really want !!! 
Someone remind me why Im going to school again ...... OHHH Yah the CAREER .. 
Ill be you're < PROPFIRST > if you'll be MINES !!!!! =) 
I want me a fireman !!! Anyone knw any !! Hahah =)))) 
At Western Trail Park with < PROPFEMALE > !!! Working on my tan and shes having a blast !! 
HTC EVO ... Here i come !! :) 
Why does evrything happen so fast ?? Just when you think its tym for a breather out comes something else that slaps you on the face .... Or right when you think evrythings going your way ..... It doesnt happen ...... I just remember cus thats LIFE .... =PP 
Guys r funny ... Oky so i checking the liquids on my car one of the neighbors drive by and cudnt take hes eyes off me ... Is it that shocking a girl knows how to take care of a car !?!? :))) 
Im feeling better from this sickness maybe one more day of the meds will do .. 
Ahhhhh they let Gnaecus free .... 
Fresh cut grass at the park ... < PROPFEMALE>'s loving it !! 
Yahhhh ! Just got my new fone I'm in love with it !! =))) 
=((( got sent home early this sickness is a roller coaster ... I thot it would be over with already =(( nap time 
Yaaaay !!!! My volleyball brusies are going away ... If only this sickness would do the same =/// 
Once again the schedule is changing ..... 3-midnight =(((( when will I ever have a set schedule !!??! 
Spending time wit the mother hasn't done this in the longest time 
< PROPMALE > is the sexiesgt man alive !!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > is the sexiest man alive !!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > is the sexiest man alive !!!!!!!!! 
I pleasure myself to < PROPMALE > sanchez !!!!! 
Watching the Lion < PROPMALE > ..... I love my disney movies !!! 
Piking up my lil sis from school and I swear these kids keep getting shorter each yr 
