kinda be glad when this xmas is over ... 

Getting ready for a nap ... Merry Christmas ! 
disapointed about working the whole week ... but it is more money ... 
exhauseted .. s glad that tomrrow is friday and i get t rest .. maybe 
eye is still nasty looking and my knee is sprained .. on crutches for the fifth time ... ugh ! 
this weekend will be a long one ... hoping to get everything done i need to ! 
working today without getting paid for it ... FML ! 
tired of apologizing ... im done . you want to talk , figure out a way to get ahold of me . 
going to fayetteville for the weekend .. yay ...? 
went sledding today .. how i miss being a kid ! 
tgif ... tomorrow ! any plans for superbowl sunday anyone ? 
excited about this weekend ... hope i dont get my hopes up for nothing 
so tonight wasn't at all what i wanted it to be ... seems i can't have a life wherever i go ... o well 
excited about fri ... then frustrated about sat .. hope i find one ! 
one down ... 9 more to go ! 
soccer game ... kicked ass ! beat the best team in the league ! so happy ... couple of bruised ribs later tho .. o well :) 
today is gonna be tough ... but I'm a champ so I'm gonna make it through ! 
wishing he would just call me or email me again ... 
hoping i find a good house this tomorrow ... 
love how ignorant \joes\ " get ahold of your phone and post stupid things and think they're funny .... " 
hoping Friday goes well ... wish me luck ! 
Here I go ... Wish me luck ! 
Fuck the people at MEPS !!!! 
Amazed at by all the guys that were out tonight , none were really worth giving a second look ... Sad ! 
I'm not a negative person but honestly , the only way my life could get any worse would b if I got struck by lightning ! FML !!! 
Pray that when I walk out of this building in 3 hrs , I'll have a giant smile on my face and relief off my back !! 
After all that shit , I'm almost there . It's almot over !!! 
this drastic weather change has got me feeling ill .... :( 
20 innings and then lost to the mets ?! Seriously please wake me up !! 
So glad I'm only working 3 days this week !! 
O and I need to find 3 muscular guys to help my friend load stuff into a moving truck saturday .. Anyone ? Please ? 
Got my job reserved and finally know my ship out date ... Yay !!! 
$300 later .... 
So I leave sept 08 .... 
Had a great night . One word .... Wow ! 
Just changed my flight so I could stay and watch my lil sis's softball practice . I think it made her day . I can't wait to see her ! 
In zombie mode ... Need to recooperate from this weekend and it's only sat ! 
chili is gonna be good today ! with some pie for dessert ... yummuy 
pissed off , went for a run , guys are stupid and worthless ... but the chili is good ! 
tired of stupid things that keep happening in my life ... maybe it's a sign 
Don't feel so well .. Lying down , can't really move 
excited about this weekend ! 
So much fun ! In such a great mood ! 
Last night was fun .. But really can't remember a time when I have ever been to waffle house at 4:30 am and not drunk ... :( lol 
Cant wait til thursday !!! Really kinda hoping he doesn't leave cuz he's so much fun to < PROPFEMALE > out with . 
so the cuts on my leg are infected ... guess regular soap isnt that great of a disinfectant afterall ... another trip to the doc .. lol 
sushi was so amazing tonight ... been too long ! 2 more days ! 
Dood . Go fucking shit in your hand ! Haha priceless 
Can't sleep . Made myself look like a crazy girl . Not acting myself . One more day to get through and then be around friends and family . He's a 10 and I'm a 5 . Fuck it . I'm just gonna be myself now . 
Laying on the sidewalk in front myy apt ... Drink can't move 
Wow last night was something else .. Can't wait to get home in a couple hrs and have dinner with my fav person in the world ! 
I've really only been back an hr and it's already frickin raining ... Grrr ! 
My going away party at tylers sat night ! Gonna be amazing ! 
Almost kinda wishing I would have stayed in nc ... This is bs !! 
Last night was fun . Had a dance off and definately got my workout in . Now know I truly am an alcoholic when I can drink half a bottle of crown and still not be drunk ! Haha 
Cardinals game tonight !! So excited !! 
On my way back to nc ... Back to warm weather and < PROPFEMALE > days !! 
Stuck on the plane in stl ... Some light came on but apparently it's no big deal .. No way no way !! 
Back in fville getting ready to take a nap in my bed .. Wish I could fold it up and take it with me everywhere ! 
my poor daddy ... he deserves so much more in life ! :( 
sign up for classes tomorrow ... hope i get what i need ! 
Screw stupid assholes !! I'm done .. I miss you < PROPFIRST > ! 
kinda excited about later tonight ... :) 
Hmmm . ;) 
looking for something fun to do tomorrow night ... anyone ? 
mmm ... red oak so good ! 1 down 11 to go ! 
10 ... now 9 ... getting there 
8 ... 7 .. should probably stop 
I need someone to snuggle with ... :( 
Just dropped $300 at rei for next weekend ... Damn but it's gonna be awesome ! 
getting drunk tonight cuz tired of people using my shit and breaking it and doing stupid things ... get some effing common sense and respect for someone elses thigns ! 
Still needing a snuggle partner ... 
Jaeger bombs .. Lemon drops ... buttery nipples .. Jello shots !! Haha 
yajoo ... its a new web browser ... haha 
just woke up with a crazy fever ... this is not good . have to be able to work this week ! 
Lying down .. Started feeling bad again . One day down , 3 more to go ! 
Excited about this weekend then June 3 when the new season of burn notice starts !! 
Need to get my priorities straight ... Head is becoming a little cloudy 
Tired of liking someone and the feeling isn't mutual .... It's total bs ! 
one more day ... then get stuff ready for this weekend ! 
Need to find someone to watch my loving dog fr 2 days while I'm gone . I'll pay ! Can anyone help me ? 
got tickets to the country throwdown for fri ... person that was supposed to go with me isnt so i have extra .. anyone wanna go ? 
Barracks bed ... Yea not so comfortable . No sleep for me . :( o well 
I'll never let a mother fucker bring me down ... 
I love K-9 handlers . They are so cool . 
Beach today yay !! 
Just found out I don't get to see him in July ... Kinda no really upset about it . :( 
Grilling out at my apt anyone is welcome to stop by .. Plenty of food 
wishing it was thursday already ... bought me some new sunglasses today ! 
Now that I have a certain person out of my life , I seem to livig a happier life .. Feels great ! 
$400 gone for 2 tires ... :( 
Got my dream sunglasses now am taking the others back .. Screw Oakley native is so much better !! 
another long work week ... had a blast at the beach ! 
Are you sure I'm a tiger ? i feel like one viscous koaola bear ?! Ahahha 
really wanting to go to < PROPMALE>'s dominion this weekend .. anyone else wanna go too ? 
Ranch tonight and no work til Monday !!! 
loves how all people are two-faced ... if you wanna talk shit , grow a pair and say it to my face ! 
Missing 2 things right now ; my bed and a certain someone ;) 
I can't believe how much the ranch sucks tonight !! No cute guys at all ! WTF ?! 
Done with work for the week .. Almost back to fville ... 
Less than 12 hrs til my security interview for te army !! A little nervous ! < PROPMALE > I find out for sure ! 
so depending on how 4pm goes today , might be going out to celebrate or drink my sorrows away .. thinking paddy's either way . 
Not feeling myself lately ... 
Tired of the same old games people play .. Grow up ! 
Getting that email made my entire week !! 
3 < PROPMALE > in 100 degree weather .. Not the brightest idea but have to get in shape !! Now wanting to throw up . Ugh ! 
Can't sleep .. What happened earlier has got me worried now .. :-/ 
Fuck it I'm Gonna drink and dance even tho the dr said to take it easy 
I could really use a wish right now ... 
Why is everyone being gay tonight ? 
It's 6 am and just got home .. And I didn't drink a drop ! I'm proud of myself . I'm improving . 
No one really knows ... 
going to the beach today .. gonna get tan ! 
Soccer is a dangerous sport to play barefoot on the beach .. Back on crutches . Took a perc an feeling good but hungry . Met some hot guys from England though .. Mmm ! 
broken foot+ crown+ undefeated champ of beer pong = good night but bad morning ... foot is kinda sucking ! but it was fun ! 
Family bailed on me . Have a house in fl for a week July 19-24 .. Have room for 4 people to go . Anyone ? 
Sad my dad leaves early < PROPMALE > ... Still needing people for fl ... 
22 yrs old and saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > for the 1st time in my life last night ... Pretty cool . 
Forget girls being scandalous , guys are way worse and even better ; they think they're being smooth about it ! HA !!!! 
fl is great .. house is huge ! learned how to surf today .. got some sun .. some are missing out when they could be here .. o well i'm gonna live it up ! 
Got home at 4am .. 6.5 hrs from fl .. Great timing especially for all the cops that were out .. Bed for a couple hrs then up to pack ! 
stuck and my girl is leaving me today for a concert .. what am i gonna do ? 
gonna have my lil bonfire in a lil bit ... hehe 
Just deleted everyone from my phone so if I haven't talked to you within the past month , u r deleted .. 
Tonight was a good night ... Nice to have him back home ... :) 
really wished that work wasn't so slow this week .. need money to pay bills ! 
Feel like crap ! And I didn't even drink that much .. wish I could < PROPFEMALE > out with a certain someone .. 
Everyone in fville .. Go to logans tonight and tomorrow night and sit in < PROPFEMALE>'s section an give her a big fat tip !! 
Going 150 on the back of a bike was crazy fun last night !! Love going that fast 
bored today ... another long work week ahead ... i'm done with certain people , just leave me alone ! 
I'M DONE PLAYING GAMES WITH LITTLE BOYS ... Can I find a man please ? 
So glad I talked to him tonight ... :D all smiles !! 
Pissed !! Nothing can't seem to ever go right in my life ... Grr thinking about getting drunk tonight now ! 
Just booked my flight home .. Can't wait to see my daddy , dog and all my friends !! 
Trying to figure out what to do today ... So many options ... 
don't understand if someone has a problem with you , why can't they just man up and say the shit to your face . instead they act like a bitch and spread shit around to other people ... WTF ?! 
Tired of feeling like I can't do anything right anymore . FUCK IT !! I don't care anymore . 
FUCK IT ! I'm done . Done with all guys ! They're all assholes that screw you over one way or another , except for one that's halfway across the world right now . I just wish he would come back already ! 
Made a big decision this morning ... 
Hate that my dads work takes advantage of him and makes him come into work on a frickin Sunday .. That's just bs ! 
Pt test this morning .. Didn't < PROPMALE > out but did pretty well .. Glad it's over and ready to go home now ! 
Excited ! Headed to the airport to go visit everyone home for the last time before I get shipped out .. I'll miss you while I'm gone roomie and lil mini me ! 
Chillin tonight ... Big day tomorrow ! 
Champagne night in bville with < PROPFIRST > ... Maybe shoot off some fireworks .. Good times ! 
Going effing crazy cuz these damn dogs won't stfu so I can take an effing hour nap !! I'm going to hurt them soon ... 
Wild country tonight with my besties ! Gonna go to a real country bar . Maybe fireworks at tylers after .. Running on 3 hrs of sleep ... But il make it ! 
Cards game tonight !! So excited ! 
Cards won 5-1 ... Yay fun times !! Still hvent been to a game when they lost .. Back home to drink some more ! BBQ < PROPMALE > with everyone ! 
On my way back to nc ... Roomie is picking me up .. Bck to work < PROPMALE > 
no work today .. just working < PROPMALE > and thurs this week . new stuff delivered on fri ! 
people dont know the whole story ... and when they don't give me a < PROPMALE > to explain , its frustrating and i'm done . just leave me alone then ! 
Debating on whether I want to waste the money to drive to work tomorrow ... Wish things could be easier . 
No work today .. Last night = overall pretty good . Had fun . Excited about this weekend 
Deciding what to do tonight .. Maybe movie with some popcorn later ? Hmm .. 
who am i trying to kid ?! it doesn't even matter anymore ... 
Wed and thurs nights were great .. Now these past couple nights have been awkwrd .. WTF ?! I give up ! 
chillin at home .. long day tomorrow . got a lot done today .. feeling accomplished : ) although wishing someone was here right now ... 
Eating sushi one last time before I go .. One week exactly and counting ! Nervous but excited ! 
Short day today .. Then back to fville .. Ranch tonight for very last time !! I'm gonna miss it ! 
didnt get much sleep last night .. dragging ... not sure if i'll go out if i still feel this way ... : ( 
This is bs !! Why do they wait til right before I'm supposed to ship out to start shit ?! 
Thanks to my sisters bf , I got fucked out of everything I had going with the army .. Lost everything ! Not in a good mood at all ... 
could really use a friend to get my mind off what i'm thinking about doing .... 
thinking about going to the pool .. work on my tan for a little bit . 
pool , driving range , cooking some dinner ... good day .. hope i get to see someone later : ) 
Wanted to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone .. Tried but no success .. Guess he's too busy for me today . 
Craving a good taco salad ... Anyone know a good place in fayetteville that I can get one ? 
