if anyone is out and about and wants to stop by let me know ... we got lots of food and almost everyone cancelled on us , so hit me up if you're looking for somewhere to stop for a few ... 

Happy New Year !!!!! 
always count your steps . you never know when you might have to escape in a box . 
is just plain stressed and doesn't know whether he wants to just relax or get up and do something , or just go with whatever flow happens to come along ... but now it's time for church ... maybe there will be a message that straightens it out for me ... 
wishes he could get into his T.A.R.D.I.S. and just go away for a while ... but then still come back to the same moment he left so he doesn't miss anything ... If you understand that cool ... if you don't , don't worry about it . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s baptism was great , it was a blast :) 
says \do you think that the beach boys felt sheepish when they sang < PROPFEMALE > anne ? \"" 
it scares me that my 2 year old knows who the wrestlers on wwe are just by their theme music ... 
i love going to sleep ... but dread it at the same time , i know i'll have to get up and go to work 
just read the best news ever ... so < PROPFEMALE > and i were talking about what we would do if we ever won the lottery , and i said i would produce a remake of the neverending story , but actually follow the book ... well , we didn't win the lottery yet , but i just 
so this says what's on your mind .... right now , God 
Social experiment : if you read this , even if we don't speak often or know each other that well , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised what people remember about you 
ok ... so i think the selfish stage is going a little too far when < PROPFEMALE > asks < PROPFEMALE > if she pooped and < PROPFIRST > says \no my poop \"" 
ok , glee time 
sick sucks 
daycare paid even when my son isn't there = $25 doctor's apt for me and my son = $40 copay medicine for being sick = $60 not having a credit card to pay for all of it = sucks getting to spend the day with my son even though we're sick = priceless 
so home again sick ... trying to beat this by the weekend so i don't ruin my cousin's bachelor party ... really thinking more and more about taking the red pill ... maybe i'll watch all of them today since i'm home alone and no one can gripe about the best trilogy ever being on tv all day 
when are they going to legalize baby tranquilizers ? i'm so tired , and they're wide awake ... :( 
finally october ... favorite month of the year 
I really wish people would stop stealing all my good ideas , using time machines , going back in time , and profiting from them as their own . I swear , the next time one of you does this I'm gonna invent something that will allow me to transport myself from the present , and place myself in the past , just so that I can kick your butt before you get the < PROPMALE > to steal my idea from me . 
so ... here's my proposal for a stimulus package ... nobody pays any < PROPMALE > s in November ... spend half your < PROPMALE > money on christmas gifts , and the other half you put in savings ... we're a fu$%ing democracy right ? let's vote , all in favor ? 
can someone please tell the Cardinals that they're in post season and when they lose too many they go home to nothing ??? 
I'm done with baseball for the season apparently ... but I think the Cardinals decided to be done with it last week ... 
I would like to see something new in < PROPMALE > league baseball ... I would like to see a seasonal manager , then a post season manager ... i still say that someone needs to get rid of larusa for post season play .. 
realized today that i've been watering too many weeds lately ... time to clean out the flower garden and fertilize the good plants ... they're still there , just need some water , soil , and sun ... 
one day when all my bills are paid ... one day when I can afford groceries and not just some essentials ... one day when i buy more for christmas than just a couple toys for my kids and nothing for anyone else , because that's all that I can afford ... One day when all my worries are gone ... I will look back with tears for all the time I lost in wishing for the future and not spending my time in the present ... 
trying to sell a hammered dulcimer if anyone is interested let me know ... it's the instrument that < PROPMALE > Mullins used to use 
taking applications for a best friend ... tired of not having one ... 
if your meaning in life is to just do one thing , at one moment in time , and you've completed that , would you view the rest of your life as a waste ? or would you pretend that that one thing hasn't been done yet , and live the rest of your life in anticipation of that one moment ? 
I'm sure Jesus is in a lot of places he doesn't want to be , but sometimes so are we 
if only i could get the voices in my head down to 18 ... we could have a wicked game of baseball ... oh well ... 
taking Ade to the specialist tomorrow , say your prayers ... 
\I don't like bitching just to bitch ... but I do like bitching about people that bitch just to bitch\ " ... that's for you < PROPMALE > " 
lets keep haiti in our thoughts and prayers today ... 
I was worried ... 2012 is coming , all of the tell tale signs of the apocalypse , floods , famine , volcanos , wars , the earthquake yesterday , the terrorist attacks , the failing economy , the impending destruction of the tonight show ... but then he showed up , the one man that really seems to have a plan for this country ... thank you for giving us hope again General ... P.O.T.G. for General < PROPFIRST > Platt ... I now have hope ... 
so , < PROPFEMALE > isn't feeling good today , so i'm home with the baby ... dr apt at 1115 ... sure it's just an ear thing or teething , but we'll see ... at least she's sleeping now :) 
just got finished watching true blood season 1 ... when does season 2 come out ??? 
just read that not only are they thinking of making a torchwood spinoff/remake for < PROPFEMALE > , but they're thinking of doing the same for doctor who ... Davies is writing the pilot for torchwood remake/spinoff ... i think it's going to be awesome to give it a new spin .... and now that maybe 5% of you know what i'm talking about 95% of you know that i'm completely geeking myself out with this news ... 
is thinking about getting a new apple ipad for < PROPFEMALE > , but only gonna let her use it once a month .... bop , bop , < PROPFEMALE > 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
does anyone else ever think about the fact that the majority of us know more about the history of who our favorite tv or book characters are than our own friends and family ? 
If I had a hockey team , I would definately have someone the size of the mom on what's eating < PROPMALE > Grape as my goalie .... that's not cheating is it ? 
ready for bed .... long day tomorrow and start new workout program ... fun fun ... 
day 4 of exercising kicked my butt , but my recovery is getting better and faster .. excited to keep going 
one day i know my memories will fade ... but the one memory i pray will never fade , is the vision that is etched on my brain and soul of the first time i ever saw my wife Mere ... I still have that scene in the cafeteria play out in my head every now and then :) 
so missed day 9 due to extenuating circumstances including magic , lack of consciousness , and a movie that i watched from start to sleeping ... but that's only because i was in a city named after a rock ... but anyway , today was day 11 and it kicked my butt , but my recovery time is getting really good ... hopefully i'll be able to take it to the next level in a few days 
so ... in an effort to avoid game crap ( as i've frequently complained about ) i'm going to attempt twitter ... so , if you use twitter , sweet , look me up as sarelthich and follow me ( just not too close ... in case i have gas of course ) 
recap from today : ( Chicago ) top of the first over , Cubs winning 3-0 , bottom of the first Cubs losing 3-6 , end of the game Cubs lose ... ( St. < PROPFIRST > ) Pujols home run , Pujols home run number two , Molina grand slam , end of the game Cardinals win ... This season is starting off pretty good , can't wait till monday , going to the home opener 
so ... do you think God would love you more if you were a sinner pretending that you were a saint , or a person that didn't try to hide their faults from the world , but tried as best they could ??? now which would you love more ? just something to think about ... night 
A Christian is not a follower of Christ ... A cop follows a law breaker , no to be like them ... I follow people on Twitter cause I wanna see what they're doing , not to be them ... A dog follows a cat to beat it up ... People follow something to try and change what they follow ... A Christian should be someone trying to be Christ , just without the super powers ... 
My wife is a < PROPFEMALE > wuse ... Does anyone else wanna see the new nightmare on elm street with me ? 
Spent Sunday watching the matrix trillogy ... I love these movies ... 
did someone say they were going to the Cardinal's home opener today ??? wait , oh yeah , it was ( b d ) this guy :) ... 
Definately got Adrians picture with two hot showgirls ... Gotta love opening day 
\did you know dolphins are just gay sharks ? \ " ... I love blonde dumb cheerleaders " 
having a garage sale this weekend .... we just have one garage so it goes to the highest bidder , but we do have lots of kids clothes , a used couch , used chair , < PROPFEMALE > sized bed frame with backboard ... and maybe some other stuff ... let me know if interested and i'll give you my address 
Front yard , garage sale . Couch , recliner , tv , VCR , extension chord , nkotb step by step video ... It's like a living room with grass 
How late to stay open ??? Sold some stuff , but definalely have not turned any profit ... If someone would just buy the furnature :( 
so ... i'm selling a couple cards/cubs tickets for aug 15th ... $130 for the pair , section 167c ... let me know if you're interested , it's a sunday game 
Today's the big day for < PROPFIRST>'s day care screening ( interview ) . I know he'll do great , but my anxiety is up for him . 
Name the movie ... \good journey \"...." 
< PROPFEMALE > to Adrian : you're so cute ...... Adrian : i'm not cute ...... Meredith : you're handsome ....... Adrian : i'm not handsome .......... Meredith : what are you then ?......... Adrian : i'm cool 
Was vanity smurf the first homosexual cartoon character ? 
If every book written is a plagery of the dictionary , is the dictionary a plagery of the alphabet ??? 
Soon we'll be living in the future 
So I'm wanting to get back into the guitar , if anyone knows of any churches in the area looking for an extra rhythm acoustic player , for praise and worship please let me know ... 
I wish facebook had a way to post and pick and choose who could read it so not to offend certain people 
It's always good when the cop just gives you a warning for one head light ... Got 10 days till I could get a ticket for it ... Whoo 
Chips patrol is on 55 , be careful 
next saturday night we're gonna try and get a group together to go to wild country ... if you're interested in going let me know 
IN MEMORY of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried , but never met , or held in our arms . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence , In Memory of all babies ! 
watching dancing with the stars and saw < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ... made me think that i wish they could give boob jobs that made them look natural ... 
May the 4th be with you !!! 
Happy mothers day to Mere , my mom , and all the other moms out there 
we are undeservedly blessed ... good night 
last night I had a dream that I beat up two midgets with a baseball bat ... in my defense they were trying to break into my house . 
Does anyone else feel like they can't fully be themself , or have to filter themselves on facebook because certain people are in their friend list and can read it ? And if you think I'm talking about you , get over yourself cause it's probably not you ... 
just realized that i've got the look for being in the movies ... well , they would probably be cartoon movies , but they'd be awesome 
Please post this to your status if you know or are related to someone who was murdered when the Death < PROPFEMALE > obliterated Alderaan . My hope is that people will realize that the Empire is nothing but murdering scum and the Rebel Alliance wishes only to bring peace to the galaxy . The Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% of you won't repost this , and you should be ashamed of yourselves . 
So , I posted on here a while back that < PROPFIRST > had his day care screening ( interview ) , well , he didn't get in . It's an \at risk\ " program which means that apparently they don't think he's \ " at risk\ " enough to get in . " 
OK , I decided that I'm going to become a weather man with a twist ... I'm going to predict yesterday's weather ... but the good new is I'm going to do it every day ... Not just that , but I guarantee 100% accuracy ... such a deal ... 
what do you call the love child between < PROPFIRST > Lambert and Lady Gaga ??? anyone see Miley < PROPMALE > on Dancing With the Stars ???... yep , that's whatcha get ... 
alright I'm calling it , best sequel ever ... From < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFIRST > ? 
I finally found something I don't like about superman ... His relationship with his arch enemy ... He does not believe that luthor can do good ... I don't think he-man , or optimus prime would be like that . If lex said he was sorry and wanted to talk to superman about being good , supes would just take him to jail . If skeletor told heman he wanted to turn over a new leaf , heman would probably take him out for a beer 
so i'm trying to get everyone to go to the ebay post that i put a link to ... it's hilarious 
So I k ow I've committed a sin in many's eyes , but here is an attempt to repent ... I have not seen any of the episodes of LOST and would like to see them start to finish , does anyone have them on DVD I could borrow ? Or at least season one to start ? 
Mere won't let me < PROPMALE > name her ' creamy ' ... Then we could go by < PROPMALE > and creamy ... :( oh well 
So matrix fans , I have the 10 disk DVD box set of all the matrix movies I'm selling for $15 to the first person to reply they want it . 
I predicted it on may 20th , that < PROPFIRST > would win ... don't believe me , look at my post ... no one caught the order i put them in ??? \from < PROPFEMALE > to lee \"...." 
We are in the st < PROPFIRST > area ... Anyone wanna do anything ? 
It is seriously a criminal offense to raise the dead and make a zombie in Haiti ... Awesome 
Im as tired as a bear in winter ... And not talking polar or kooala 
Wow , it's like you're the computer machine whisperer 
ok ... i have to admit ... i'm super stoked about glee tonight ... but i have to go to choir practice for church ( alanis morriset , that my friend is irony , not rain on a wedding day , that just poor luck ) .... so don't tell me what happens till after i watch it tonight around 10ish ... :( 
ok ... so think of this , < PROPFEMALE > bride remake . zach efron ( westley ) , the big show ( fezzik ) , < PROPMALE > devito ( Vizzini ) , < PROPFIRST > banderas ( Inigo Montoya ) , < PROPFIRST > Tosh ( < PROPMALE > humperdinck ) , Liam neason ( Count < PROPMALE > Rugen ) , and < PROPFEMALE > Agron ( < PROPFEMALE > buttercup ) ......... that would be awesome ... 
watching world cup ... keep thinking \ninja kick the damn rabbit \"" 
i know it's bad to talk to yourself ... but if you're talking to yourself about yourself is that ok ? 
Did anyone really know Ardee ? Many of us are familiar with the child prodigy in the culinary arts , but did anyone really know him as a person ??? 
Getting to heaven without Jesus is like solving the worlds hardest math problem with just a guess . 
We are coming to the st. < PROPFIRST > area this weekend and staying till Monday . If you want to see us or the kids let me know . 
I say we start a petition to get < PROPMALE > Hanks to make the movie \bosom buddies \"" 
When we lost < PROPMALE > we never thought he would be replaced , the came < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . And it was good . Now that he's gone , we need a new idol , it's time for you to step up to the plate < PROPFIRST > Bieber . 
I am selling raffle tickets $1.00 a ticket ... $ 25,000 . 00 in cash prizes with highest prize $ 10,000 . 00 . Let me know if you want any and how many . 
None are too lost to be saved . 
guess who found out yesterday that he's got pneumonia ? i'll give you a hint , he's got two thumbs :) 
\we're all stories in the end . Just make it a good one\ " ... The doctor " 
There are five things in this world that I cannot live without ... 
If enough criminals commit crimes in darth vader costumes , think we could get darth on Americas top 100 most wanted ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Lopez , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ... WTF ??? 
When I was younger I used to seek enlightenment , it was like cleaning a dirty window to see through it perfectly ... but now that I have children they have taught me to see the invisible window . 
If you listen to a child say their abc's ... You realize that the center of the alphabet is the excrement of everything broken down to it's simplest form ... \elemental pee \"" 
Kick-Ass was AWESOME !!! definitely the best superhero movie I have seen ever ... 
So , I started watching Avatar : The Last Airbender about two weeks ago , and i'm over half way through the series ... I have to say , for being a fan of multiple cartoons in my life , right now this one is probably my favorite of all time . it's got continuity , good moral teaching , and one of the best examples of interbeing that i've found in a cartoon ... 
Inception was good ... I still prefer the matrix movies because they are deeper , but it was still a good movie ... 
Coming down to granite this weekend ... Wanna get together let me know ... 
The beauty of Interbeing \we're one but we're not the same \"" 
If you learned that you were in a coma and that you have been dreaming your life , would you continue your dream , or do everything you could to wake up ?... What if you don't know at what point you went into the coma and it could have been at any point in your life ? Try to wake to a past life , or finish this one out ? 
Happy Birthday Tits from Belgium Known for The Tits group , the Tits alternative , Tits buildings . I love math too :) . 
Happy International Left-Hander's Day . Challenge for today , try to do simple tasks like eating , writing , using a mouse with your opposite hand . See if you can find how many things are made for right handed people you didn't realize , like cameras or tv knobs on older tv's , there's two , how many can you find ? Imagine if this world were made for Left-Hander's ? how would you feel if everything in your life was backwards ? 
Does anyone else think about the fact that as Christians we believe we are comprised of the four elements ? 
That's ok ... just remember , even the devil got a few jabs in at Job , but we know who came out in the end ... Cubs fans , enjoy your day , just don't forget God loves the Cardinals the best , that's why he named the pope's selection committee after them ... 
wow , good quote ... < PROPMALE > Mcfarlin was asked if heaven is real what he would like to hear God say when he gets to the < PROPFEMALE > gates .... his response \I'm really sorry for all my followers \"" 
Dayman , ah ah ah , fighter of the nightman , ah ah ah , Champion of the son , ah ah ah , Master of Karate and friendship for everyone . 
Dammit ... What is < PROPFEMALE>'s secret , and why won't she tell me ??? Gosh ... 
Smallville ... So this coming season ( 10 ) has been announced as the last season ... I would like to know if anyone , in preparation , would like to come over for a few weekends and do a marathon of the first 9 seasons to lead up to it ? 
I'm looking for a ghost writer/co-author for a book I wAnt to write . If interested or know of someone let me know ... it's a religious book 
Reaching enlightenment in a world without ears is harder than brushing your teeth with sand . 
Did you know they offer commercial insurance ? ... So now if you advertise and it doesn't pay off you can file a claim and get your money back . 
Logic & Anxiety are two sides of the same coin ... Held tightly together by emotion 
Was just on myspace .. Looking at all my friends pics ... It looks like an abandon town , like everyone all at the same time decided \no more myspace \"" 
Somewhere ... Someone is ... Being shot , being born , listening to a bedtime story , having sex , doing drugs , dreaming in their sleep , dreaming while awake , crying , laughing , praying , cursing , making up , making out , making excuses , wishing they had someone , wishing someone would go away ... And here I am reading the philosophy of mathematics , thinking that right now everything is gaining on at once ... G'nite 
So ... I'm thinking of growing out a mullet . 
I have officially corrupted both of my children ... they are both dancing and rocking out to the cure ... epic ! 
A good message at mass should make you anxious about dying and going home , but excited to live and make heaven on earth . 
Kwi chobi Shen ! 
definitely ready for bed ... 
Red jell-o 
So , do zombies have video games where they run around trying to eat people ? ... And would they call it \soylent zombie world\ " for the zs3 and the z box 360 and for the more active zombies the zii ??? " 
May my heart be restless till it rests in Him . 
How do I teach my son not to play in streets , not to take < PROPFEMALE > from strangers , and not eat food off the ground ... When I take him to a parade ??? 
Things to do when you're bored : withdraw $1000 from your bank account ask for it in all ones then demand the teller to count it out in front of you . Then start reciting all of your friends phone < PROPFIRST > . 
If you must draw a line , let it be one that if must be crossed you will not lose yourself . 
So I started a program where I read the bible and the catholic catechism in 1 year ... I'm on day 16 . I realized that a lot of men in < PROPFEMALE > had concubines , so I told < PROPFEMALE > I want one too , and that it's biblical ... She didn't agree :( ... Yet ;) 
The mystery of the Bible is that no matter what happened back then or what happened after , the words you read or hear from it , at the moment you hear or read it , that Word was meant for you right at that moment . 
i hate taking a nap then feeling worse after ... :( 
Why are there some foods my tongue and my eyes feel the need to team up for , against my stomach ??? 
Behind every good man is a great woman , and behind every envied woman is a good man . 
Wow , the situation dances the quick step slower than < PROPFEMALE > Henderson ... Anyone comment on the fact I'm watching dancing with the stars and I'll kick your ass ... My wife likes it and I love her so if she wants me to watch it with her I will ... 
At the deanery mass for the new bishop ... This should be fun 
Going with < PROPFIRST > on his first school field trip , I think I'm more excited than he is ... Just as long as he never has to go on a field trip to the juvenile detention center and watch kids pee on walls , like my class did in 7th grade . 
Spartacus : Blood and Sand is one of the best t.v. Shows I've seen in a long while 
Ignorance of sin is the foolish man's salvation . 
We all are just trying to survive ... If I'm nice then you should at least try and be nice too ... And don't be a bitch , cause I'm not in the mood to put up with uncalled for shit from you ... Ok :) 
Found our old ps2 , hooked it up in the bedroom , path of neo ... Oh ps2 how I've missed you , just as much as I've missed the last 7 hours of my day ... Holy crap it's already 7:30 ??? 
We all have our crosses to bear , and that cross is sin ... If we allow ourselves to be crucified on that cross with Christ we can overcome it's weight of death ... But if we do not allow ourselves to be crucified on it it's weight will crush us and the death that brings we will not rise from . 
How overwhelmed God must feel sometimes . I just log into facebook and am flooded by emotions , friends kids are sick , others get to find out the sex of their unborn , others have family members that recently passed , others just found out they have a tumor ... I say a prayer of joy and hope May God touch you all today in His own special way . 
What do you have in common with every saint ? The answer , you're a sinner ... What could you have in common with every saint ? Repent , turn to the Lord , and find out . 
Is the dictionary in the right order ? Or just the alphabetical one ? 
Today is all souls day , let us remember those that have passed on before us . But especially remember those that have passed this past year . Love you grandma Decker 
Didn't see on the ballot where we can vote for a democratic society where the government and politicians work to take care of the people , rather than trying to degrade each other and waste time avoiding making decisions ... Wait , I've heard the miss < PROPFEMALE > contestants talk before , maybe I should have written one of them in . 
Voting is like going to the doctor ... You know you have to , you may not want to , but if you don't cry you get a sticker . 
Dear future generations , I'm sorry ... 
To the parents of little ones , the imagination movers are coming to the fox in march ... We took < PROPFIRST > to see them last year at one of the colleges , they are really entertaining even for the adults . Tickets go on sale tomorrow , but I have a preorder code if anyone is interested and you can order tonight . Just let me know 
Happy happy joy joy happy happy joy joy happy happy joy joy happy happy joy joy happy happy joy joy happy happy joy joy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy joy joy joy 
Is it racist that every time I hear a thick Asian accent I start craving Chinese food ??? Cause I'm really craving some chinese food . 
I feel like doctor manhattan , and I want to go to mars . 
< PROPFIRST > Dribble , \Do your people celebrate Thanksgiving ? \ " \ 
Free today , anyone need someone to shop with let me know 
Why can't we fast forward live tv ??? That's a fail broadcasting companies ... A FAIL !!! 
\you know what happens when everything's a rush ?... people accept shit \"" 
Jabberwocky 
I need a new profile pic ... i'm looking for suggestions , what silly thing would you like to see me doing , or crazy thing do you want a picture of me doing , i'll have the pic done , then i'll use it for my profile pic 
has decided that going mad and being mad are two totally different things . one is out of your control and the other is a state of reality ... I've decided that i want to be in control again , so slap a 10/6 on my forehead because i've decided to be mad ... just remember just because if you're sleeping your breathing , doesn't mean if your breathing your sleeping , said the mouse while he slept and the cat just smiled ..... 
I don't much care for worrying , though it does much seem to care for me . 
It is quite mad to find a hatter whom owns no hat of his own . 
DAMN PIGS ARE GOING DOWN !!! 
I am still bummed out about aots not selecting < PROPFEMALE > Haislip to take I've < PROPFEMALE > Munns old spot ... Really bummed :( seriously debating on even continuing to watch it as faithfully as I did . 
Inbox me a number between 0-500 & I will tell you what I think of you in my status . \ 
\ 
sounds like fun , only i can be too honest sometimes 
319 I think you're a great guy that has a strong passion for the Truth , and a wonderful attitude every time i see you 
Adrian : \who is that ? \ " pointing at an ornament . \ 
To all my friends and family this holiday season : I love you very much and am so blessed to have you in my life , but just so we're clear , if you become a zombie I will put a bullet through your brain ... Love < PROPMALE > 
How do you start a game 25 to 8 , and end the first half 43 to 41 ??? Come on Bulls 
Just don't think it would be as fun to look at Christmas lights on the sun . 
So < PROPFEMALE > and I got early Christmas presents from my parents today ... Two new iPhone 4's ... OMG so much faster than my other one , thank you so much mom and dad !!! 
Why is it so wrong that when we saw a tigger and pooh Christmas blow up and < PROPFIRST > asked \where did < PROPFEMALE > go ? \ " I said \ " darby turned into hit girl and started killing people \"" 
Don't you think if we would have evolved from monkeys we would have kept the opposable toes ... that sounds like de-evolving to me . 
It's kinda like the first Christmas , only it's a tire not an inn , and for a car not a baby ... Other than that , it's just like the first Christmas 
So ... I wanted to share a christmas story with everyone ....... 
Did you know ??? 
Things are gonna get better ... don't worry ... it's gonna be ok ... 
There is so much negativity going on right now , I'm gonna do my best to be positive ... So here's a joke ... ( 
Do you remember when you felt most like you were on top of the world ? When you just knew you could do anything ? When did that stop for you ? And why can't you get it back ? 
so , < PROPFEMALE > won a 4 pack vip package to an Imagination Movers concert , they are < PROPFIRST>'s favorite band in the whole wide world ( and to a small 3 year old , that is a really huge world ) .... that's awesome , and can't wait to see them in concert again . :) 
I feel so rushed , it's like I have two hearts beating at the same time 
A donkey can become an old man with wisdom and time 
I'm not trying to be mean , and I do like < PROPMALE > , but today we should celebrate his twins birthday ... Did you know < PROPMALE > had a twin ??? 
\no one is perfect ... I mean I'm pretty darn close 
< PROPFIRST > wearing < PROPFEMALE>'s princes crown and waiving her butterfly wand at us \I'm gonna turn you into a bitch\ " \ 
so watched Easy A tonight , other than the fact that I think < PROPFEMALE > Stone is kinda hot ... it was an awesome movie in my opinion ... 
It feels like Halloween to me ... in more ways than one ... and I don't like the costume this year ... 
Colossians 3:18 -19 probably two of the hardest verses to live by in today's modern society . 
Heard some good advice last night ... You can replace the word love with sacrifice ... If you can't replace the word love with sacrifice when you say it , then you don't really mean it . 
Did u hear the zodiac changed because the universe is wobbling ??? #geocentric4life 
why is it that i just now discovered sister < PROPFEMALE > ??? 
So amazon sent me an email to cancel my order due to a pricing glitch ... I called their customer service , not only did they not apologize , but I was told that there was nothing they could do about me questioning whether to continue doing business , but a manager there told me to take legal action ... I didn't even mention contacting a lawyer and he tells me to take legal action ... 
I would like to thank everyone that either came to Adrians party , or at least called/text to wish him a happy birthday ... We really appreciate it and it means alot . 
So < PROPFEMALE > got up at about 10 throwing up ... called the telenurse and found out it's something going around and we all should expect to get it ... anyone have this go through their family yet with any advice ? 
I would just like to say that if you do business with amazon.com please be aware that they do not feel they have to represent themselves honestly , nor do they believe they should honor the prices they list . If anyone is aware of a company similar to amazon that I can start doing business with , that puts their customers first , I would appreciate their info . 
Gonna pretend im a teenager for a while ... I'm at the laundromat text me to say hi 2176387824 
So is < PROPFIRST > on this show to get his reputation back , or to get laid ??? Seriously hasn't he had enough in his life to hit on almost every girl ? Do we really need another Liv showing up out of nowhere ? 
It's not the Batman that one should aspire to , it's < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Is it just me or has anyone else noticed how much Sting and < PROPFEMALE > sound exactly alike ! 
Is it bad that I'm going for the bears by default ? 
Ya know , the moms out there deserve a lot ... But I wanted to put a post out there to actually recognize the dads for what they do . So to the dads out there that step up to the plate and help out their wives when help is needed . And do the things that no one else wants to do , and who keep their cool when things seem to be going hectic ... This ones for you ... I just hope that your wife agrees enough to report this . 
I'm really trying to get out of bed ... i promise ... i've just been so tired lately and not sure why ... other than kids getting sick and late night runs to walmart ( hour long trip ) to get meds and stuff ... so i'm trying to get out of bed :( 
Why does eating healthy make me feel like I'm barely eating for dinner ??? And it doesn't help that mere makes the food so good so I want more and more :( 
So does anyone watch being human on syfy ? I want peoples opinions ... I used to watch the BBC version and I'm trying to decide which is better ??? 
Mega fail Amazon ... First you cancel my ps3 order cause you and target are ignorant ... But today you send me an email suggesting games due to \we see you recently purchase a Playstation 3\ " ... You fail ... Epic fail " 
so need some advice from my musically inclined fb friends .. see my comment .... 
I feel worse today than yesterday ... stayed home the two days to clean , and haven't gotten as much accomplished as i had hoped ... and now i feel like i just want to sleep all day .... 
Working definition of sin :\ 
Using what God has given you for a purpose other than what it was intended for . 
Thought provoking thoughts ... Series 1 : 
Most of you probably know this but as a gentle reminder if you lose power due to the weather you can put refrigerated/frozen food outside to keep it good and still have food if shut in ! 
To all my team mates that braved the weather , thanks for coming in ... Oh wait , I'm the only one ... You slackers !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > loves me so much she's gonna make me pancakes ... Now if she would just love me sooner , cause i's is hungry :) 
so rumors are that < PROPFEMALE > Wilde is in the running to play < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > in the new superman movie ... Now that's going to be awesome ... I mean , seriously , to quote < PROPFEMALE > Fox , \ < PROPFEMALE > Wilde is so sexy she makes me want to strangle a mountain ox with my bare hands . She's mesmirizing \"" 
Thought provoking thoughts series 2 : If the lion lays down with the lamb , and Christ is the lamb , then are we the lion ? And if so is that why we are so restless ? And is that why we will not rest , till we rest in Him ? 
I don't always do this , but if you haven't had your taxes done , go to H and R Block ... They have been awesome for us for the past 4 years ... If you go give them our name as recommending you ... Even if you don't want to give our name still go ... Seriously 
\Sometimes I wish you were dead so they could put you on a stamp\ " best show ever ... Can you name it ??? I'll give hints if not " 
Why do < PROPFEMALE > states jerseys look like the legion of super heroes rings !?? 
WHY DID I JUST NOW REALIZE THAT FREAKS AND GEEKS HIGH SCHOOL IS THE SAME SCHOOL AS GLEE ????? 
Steelers 2 packers 1 ... That's my prediction 
So I've decided , had I not been religious , and known what I know now ... I think I would have tried to make my life like < PROPMALE > from how I met your mother ... Just saying 
You know what I've learned ??? something really really important ... read my comment to find out ... 
Wanted to let everyone know that we're gonna be going to Mardi Gras on March 5th in st. < PROPFIRST > , if anyone is interested in going and hanging out let me know , we'll make plans 
When I stop wanting to look at other women I'll be dead ... When I stop wanting to look away my love for < PROPFEMALE > will be dead . 
I am so tired ... But I have to finish watching dvr glee and raising hope , then gotta go to the laundromat and dry clothes so my little man has clean skivies tomorrow 
You know what sucks ??? Wanting to share something that you want to raise awareness for , but knowing that if you do it ... Even on your own personal facebook < PROPFEMALE > it could cause you undeserved harm ... If you want to know what I'm talking about send me a message and I'll tell you ... 
Not telling you what to think ... Telling you what to know ... Check out www.exposeplannedparenthood.com 
So did I mention that I might post me singing a bieber song ??? Hmm maybe day five will hold more than just a pic on the thirty days of bieber :) 
So just found out that a friend of mine is in the hospital sick ... I'm asking my friends on here to say a prayer for this person ... It's not my place to say more than please pray for this person as if they were a good friend of yours . 
So ... my wife is like my best friend ... a best friend with benefits ... and kids ... but definitely the benefits ;) 
Meredith : you have to love our children\ 
Me : every waking moment ... I'm going back to bed 
Ok , so I've had alot on my mind lately , and while I'm having fun doing the 30 days of bieber , I'm thinking I would like to give it up ... So how many of you would be disappointed if I didn't post the video and I stopped ? If I have 25 ask for the video I'll do it , and if 50 ask I'll keep doing the 30 days 
Why is it always the taste of the sauce you remember from spaghetti and never the noodles ... but if you think of just eating the sauce without the noodles you think it wouldn't taste good . 
Ok facebook friends , settle an argument ... Do horses sleep standing up or laying down ? 
That was supposed to shatter . Imagine that it shattered ... 
Thought provoking thoughts series 4 : 
Doing laundry at the laundromat ... Anyone wanna text chat 217-638-7824 ... If I don't have your number at least tell me who you are :) 
Why do I feel like my wife is having an affair with her phone ? Just sayin 
I wanted to write something profound but I'm too tired , so here it is ( the most profound thing you've ever read ) now reply to it as if it is :) 
My heart goes out to someone that I used to know in pain , but was so glad that I was able to experience their good heart before they passed . I was glad to have reconnected in a healing way , I just wish that he could have healed physically also . Sad I lost a friend today . I wish we would have had the time to get to know each other better . Rest with our Lord . 
Thought provoking thought 5 : 
If you want to be a changed person , you have to allow yourself to be changed every day . 
I can never remember dooming or saying anything with the sole purpose of hurting someone else ... But if you feel I have ever hurt you please private message me , so that I may make amends for that . I've learned alot about the power of forgiveness , and I seek now forgiveness from those I may have harmed . 
Omg < PROPMALE > cowell is rolling over in his grave ... < PROPFIRST > and jlo really need to take some hearing lessons 
If you had to describe your personality in one acronym what would it be ? 
Second night at the laundromat this week ... I think I got to spend one night at home this week ... I think 
last call for Mardi Gras ... anyone going ? who will I see there ? who wants to go , but wasn't sure if they knew anyone else going ? 
Wanted to remind all my catholic friends about lent starting tomorrow ... No meat , no snacks between meals ... Only one real meal , other two gotta be small ... And don't forget it's a holy day of obligation so go to mass and get those ashes . 
Thought provoking thought series 6 : 
So ... Today's my Friday ... That doesn't mean I can't eat meat today :) 
Imagination Movers fans ... I have a friend trying to sell 3 tickets for tomorrow nights concert at the fox in st. < PROPFIRST > ... They are 11th row from the stage ... Let me know if interested ... 
Can someone please tell shoe stores that when someone asks for sandals , that does not mean show them the flip flop rack !!! 
Happy st. < PROPFIRST > s day ... I'm < PROPFEMALE > , and Catholic ... Now here's your history lesson so you don't piss me off ... St < PROPFIRST > used the shamrock ( three leaf clover ) to help teach the < PROPFEMALE > to Ireland ... So don't wear 4-leaf clovers today ... 4-LEAF CLOVERS IS NOT THE SIGNIFICANCE OF TODAY !!!!! 
When wrestling with your thoughts you can never see eye to eye without a mirror . 
Can someone tell me how to have a nice lunch at a restaurant where my wife is not playing with her phone ? 
I know they say you can't take stuff from this world with you when you die ... And you can call me selfish and materialistic all you want ... But damn it I'm gonna do all I can to make sure I get to keep my wife and kids with me if I make it to heaven ... And if God decides that heaven is not for me , then I don't want my family anywhere near me ... 
Please pray for both of my children's god-mothers , as one is having surgery today , and the other is recovering from surgery ... Thank you . 
Ever have a random question pop into your head ??? Here's mine , do you have to be a playmate to be a < PROPFEMALE > ? 
There is nothing better to seek in life than to be a reflection of Him ... That when others see you they think of Him . 
Signed up for words with friends ... If you have it start a game with me , I'm sarelthich 
Anyone wanna take me to see sucker-punch this weekend ? 
Really ??? The girl shoots her father , gets dragged by a horse ... Gets her dad on the horse only to have him and the horse fall down a hill , which kills the horse , so she goes and finds a blind man to help them the rest of the way ... Really ??? Who writes this stuff ??? 
So , looking for some opinions , I want to put up a < PROPFEMALE > cabinet in our house , but not for < PROPFEMALE > , I'd like to show off my action figures ... Thoughts ? 
Finally at sucker punch ... I'm telling < PROPFEMALE > this is the one chick flick im going to with her this year ... She didn't think that was fair ... Oh well . 
If you're going to go crazy , at least make sure the person you think you are is who you truly want to be . 
How do you make red more red ??? You add red backwards ... Ha ha ha ha ... Come on you get it don't you ??? 
Brought ade to the doctor ... He was having trouble breathing at school ... Askin for prayers . 
So , for the next 10 days I'm up to ten pills a day ... Each one says to take with a glass of water ... Good news : I'll get ten glasses of water , that's more than the recommended amount ... Bad news : if you need me I'll be in the bathroom ... 
