I am confused by the conflicts of modern life - like scrubbing out transport crates with real bleach and recycled paper towels . 

calling this FB doesn't work for me , as that is also short for fluffbunny , the commonest insult for witches to call one another ! 
If I ever work somewhere again , my skill set is going to be a list of things like scrubbing puke out of the carpet , interpreting animal noises coming from another room , and explaining to kittens things like why the guinea pig tank is not a bathroom , and w 
Midsummer Madness - Obviously Loki is afraid of what will happen to me out on the highway today , two transports in a row have not needed me at the last minute . Just as well , I am operating on too many planes at the moment to be truly focused on the task . 
Just did a transport . How did I end up doing one after not one but two didn't need me today ?? TOO MANY PEOPLE KNOW ME . :) 
I intend to live long enough to read a thorough literary biography of < PROPFEMALE > Erdrich . 
I need to go to a Pagan festival . It has been several years . I always find it so healing . A camping one , not a day trip . But I need it to be a dog-friendly one as I am not kenneling the dogs just to go on vacation . I wouldn't enjoy it without them anyway . 
This time of year ... I'm outside for five minutes tops , just to let the dogs pee , and so many bugs bit me or tried to bite me or got caught in my hair , etc . etc . that I think they ate bits of me I needed . Now I feel all gross and need to take a shower and 
Home and to bed after multiple delayed transports . Altogether I think I spent nearly four hours dozing in parking lots today . But everyone else seems to have had a far worse week than I ! 
10 little , 10 little , 10 little kittens ... and 6 large ones ... and 3 mother cats to get spayed . I think I got carried away this kitten season . 
My current list of books I have read to death ( all the pages falling out ) and must replace : < PROPFIRST > , The < PROPFEMALE > is a Harsh Mistress , Incubus Dreams , and Sun Sign < PROPFEMALE > Sign . Most recently replaced : Brother to Dragons , Companion to Owls and Sunshine . 
It must be the age I am . I am obsessed with nesting . I have never cared about rugs , curtains and picture frames so much before !! 
reading Dies the Fire again ... mind is blown each time 
Can Vienna not puke on our bed today ? Her score is two days running . >:( 
I have Red Zinger and Mint Magic in the house at the moment . I feel wealthy . Now if I just had Morning Thunder and Detox AM as well , I'd be Scrooge McDuck . Yay for Celestial Seasonings ! 
got my astrological chart back out last night and studied it for the first time in years . boy am I strange . 
Loss is necessary in order that something new may emerge 
Peregrines in the park a block away this AM . I love living in the historic downtown where the huge old trees , large yards , green areas and natural creeks create enough space for wildlife . Just say no to < PROPFEMALE > lots and suburbia ! 
I think I will just start putting it out there that I am willing to do readings for small amounts of money . I'd usually do them anyway for anyone that wanted , but it seems that people feel an inequity when I am an oracle for them and they don't know what 
The one thing I don't like about pit bulls : they have sensitive stomachs and are prone to diarrhea . >:-( 
Driving long distance doggie transport Thursday the 6th - may be able to take more dogs than I have already committed to . < PROPMALE > to Hartford CT ! 
Hope everyone had a good Lammas ! 
Driving to New England tomorrow with my dog < PROPFIRST > and a carload of transport pups ( 2 small adults and 7 unrelated puppies ) . Thanks to everybody who helped it happen , you know who you are ! 
home and happy ! trip was awesome , EtinMoot was awesome , < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > was awesome , and Salem < PROPFEMALE > is also awesome !!!! 
I think the < PROPMALE > kitties eated the tube of Terramycin . 
food water shelter and to sleep up against the warm body of someone who loves you - all a kittycat asks for 
giving up sugar and high fructose corn syrup , maybe forever but definitely for longer than a year . should I give up coffee as well ? it makes me sad that my tolerance is so high it takes several shots of espresso or better yet , turkish , to have any effect on my mood 
read Breaking < PROPFEMALE > last night . 754 pages in about 4.5 hours . Wow . 
Everyone I meet who wants to be nice about my pit bulls says \it's how they're raised\ " . This annoys me . They are SHELTER DOGS . I did not raise them . They are INTRINSICALLY GOOD and the raised comment denigrates them . " 
another kitten adopted ! yayuh ! 15 down and 7 more to go is the score for the year . Plus 3 mom cats . :D 
PPD was AWESOME !!!! Gots a new wand , and info to contact people who can make me other things I want , like Northumbrian runes ! 
a new scientific discovery : when a dog eats a cat poopie and throws it up on linoleum and you don't find it for a few days , it turns into a substance with many of the properties of superglue . 
raise one wing if you are on a mission from the God of Ravens 
if anyone can take any of these animals , let me know . Been there before and they're each about 2 hours from me . I'll go get them and bring them to someone . this goes for any other animals at these shelters as well , as long as their temperament is good when I get down there . These are from Robeson & Bladen County Animal Shelters . I will also go to Harnett & Duplin . 
I finally haz many new pairs of jeans ! I don't have to wear old business slacks to walk the dogs ! 
a NEUTERED SWEET ORANGE & WHITE MALE < PROPFEMALE > WHO LIKES BIG DOGS has shown up in a friend's neighborhood and all her rescue connections have failed her - anyone able to take him ?????? 
#1 in NC in the Animal Rescue Site competition is Blind Cat Rescue and Sanctuary , Inc .! If they stay at #1 in the state they will win $1 , 000 , so vote every day ! 
There are a million little kittens in Duplin County shelter 1 hour from < PROPMALE > . I can't take any because I still have some mamas and teenagers to place . But if anybody wants little bitty ones I'll go get them !!! Duplin pull fee is only $15 ! 
Look at my beautiful < PROPMALE > cats ! All need homes very much as we are super-overcrowded here ! 
Another one for the Heloise-ish book I could write on rescue : the ability to see a faint tracery of Egyptian hieroglyph , apparently made on the linoleum with paste , and know instantly that a cat puked and a dog ate it . 
Thanks everybody for your birthday wishes ! It has not been a bad b-day , I spent it with my mommy , how bad can that be when she is so sweet ? :) 
After 3 weeks break ( longest in a year ) I am back to transporting as of Halloween . I have 2 new tires and I am excited to be back !!! 
new profile pic is one of my fosters - low-key dilute calico Siamese mix who will put up with anything for treaties - may be senior 
new profile pic of < PROPFEMALE > , my favorite < PROPMALE > cat - she has a liking for back-of-the-neck nuzzling that I've never known a cat to have 
DON'T get the Chicken Florentine Crepes at IHOP . Happy Hollandaise , NOT !!! 
Peaches & Cream Ltd < PROPMALE > Blistex smells exactly like a toy I had , not sure which one but the scent is distinct in my memory . Possibly Parfait the Parrot from the Strawberry Shortcake universe . 
This profile pic is another < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , young Peppermint Paddy , also known as Marsh Mellow . Mint or Marshy is a very laid back , easygoing boy , low maintenance and very very ridiculously good-looking . 
new profile pic is Saltine , daughter of Dust < PROPFEMALE > , sister of Nutmeg and my Peppermint Marshmallow . All three children show some signs of Siamese mixing , and all three are a < PROPMALE > shy . Must not be adopted alone or to home with crazy small children . Salt may also have some visual impairment , she falls off the furniture a lot . 
profile pic is Nutmeg , sis of Saltine and Peppermint , daughter of Dust < PROPFEMALE > . She is very unusual , a calitabby with Siamese face shape etc . from mom . Very sweet and friendly but also shy of grabbiness or loud noises . No small children in the home preferred . 
I worship the bristly protrusion of earth and the little rainbow suns , proof that the green magic of life will return from the dark and cold elsewhere . 
Only two male < PROPMALE > kittens left have now been snipped ! Yay for not contributing to cat overpopulation ! 
On my Neko Case CD , I think my favorite songs are 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 9 , 10 , 12 and 14 . 
WE HAVE ALWAYS LIVED IN THE CASTLE - i <3 merricat ! 
my new word for the day : talibangelist 
luvvin my new Babylonian Tarot 
NC is better with a frosting of snow 
I think this is whatcha call the Dead of Winter . 
Just say no to boring pet names . I can't stand the way everyone picks the same ones ! 
new profile pic is < PROPFEMALE > , abuse survivor mommy cat who has never been less than super sweet to me - prefer a quiet home for her without rowdy children as she would be frightened of their play 
I recommend having a cold , drinking a lot of blue cough syrup and then watching The Hangover and then Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas 
after a long long time of avoidance I finally bought a Yankee Candle again ... can appreciate them once more despite the terrible situation I was in when I quit - was it 3 years ago ? 
my exit from southern ladylikeness is complete - I IN PUBLIC unbuttoned my jeans and rolled them down a couple of inches and stayed like that for a hour till my tattoo was complete ( lower back) ! 
Next time I get a tattoo I will know what I'm getting into . Everyone is so cool about it , telling you what they spent and how long it took . They don't admit how bad it hurt and how they had a nasty scab afterward for a week ! 
The status on the very thin Robeson pit in my profile pic is that he is not available until exactly 12:18 PM tomorrow , according to the shelter manager . Also there are apparently MANY people interested in this dog , and first arrival gets him . It SOUNDS like he is unlikely to be put down , but as the manager said \who the hell knows ? \"" 
I shall never grow so mature that pumpkin-colored socks can't brighten my day - or in worse circumstances , the pink ones with red cherries on them . 
If anyone sees my brain , please leash it and bring it back to me . 
1st hot day in NC , flowers flowering , bumblebees going wild ... and my allergies are blooming as well . >:( 
it is not just that animals are people too , it is that the animals I know all rank among my FAVORITE people :) 
my bff is now a free woman , after six months of wrangling with her bio fam and the courts they can't touch her disability money and they failed to prove her incompetent ! 
housewifery note : spit your mouthwash into the toilet and swash with brush - works as well as any detergent . :D 
is not enjoying the lead-up to Full Moon/Beltinne - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
I swear by the gods by whom my people swear - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
a venti soymilk cures cramps/PMS , I'm not kidding . I don't care if you like it , sit down and drink the entire thing as fast as you can , and it will fix your issue 
nearly two months of not transporting , and sure enough I've gotten two < PROPMALE > cats completely vetted and spayed . It made me sad to stop , but if I can refrain the rest of this year , I can get all the < PROPMALE > s up to date and possible to list online somewhere 
I must be old , I'm getting more out of reading biographies than about anything else . Anybody on Goodreads ? 
Well , I'm glad we didn't run out to Target this AM for anything as we often do . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > new profile pic reflects my missing transporting . These were the notorious Great Pyrenees mixes listed on the sheet as \Pekingese mixes\ " Yay for word of mouth . " 
This is a bad photo of me but it has both dogs in it ! Taken on a friend's phone while I was trying to get them to pose . :) 
SPCA of Wake County reduced ALL adoption fees to $43 for the weekend of June 12-13 ! 
squirrels make my dog < PROPFIRST > 
is dreaming of 3/4 of a century ago . How extremely recent , for me to be interested ! - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
new part time job - Animal Care Giver at a no-kill rescue facility !!! 
is sore all over from the aftermath of Midsummer/Lunar Eclipse , sadly not for the reasons you think ! - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
I absolutely hate Amazon.com right now . They are totally wiping out everyone's carts with no notice or notification !!! >:( 
is praying , spelling , divining and manifesting - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
is setting up my new altar/shrine !!! - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
is gathering birchbark & amp ; watching toads - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
I know when I get lost/take a wrong turn somewhere because crows start laughing at me . 
I just heard of animals in need due to death of owner - 1 female mostly outdoor blue-eyed Siamese cat and 1 eight-year-old indoor female boxer/pitbull are going to need homes asap ! 
2 dogs and a cat orphaned and homeless after the death of the owner ! A boxer/pit , a cocker spaniel , and a Siamese/Snowshoe , all female , friendly , well-behaved , not spayed . 
Jinxie the Snowshoe is going into rescue today !! < PROPFEMALE > the Boxer/Pit and < PROPFEMALE > the Cocker still need placement , please look at photo album on my wall here . :) 
Jinxie the Snowshoe and ONE MYSTERIOUSLY APPEARING KITTEN went into rescue today , the remaining two kittens are now at my house . Let me know if anybody would like two solid black adorable five week olds ! 
NEW PHOTOS OF THE < PROPFEMALE > KITTENS !!! NEED HOME OR RESCUE ASAP ! COMPLETELY HEALTHY 5 WEEK OLDS , 1 BOY 1 GIRL 
I have just been told that < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > have been adopted by friends of their former owner's relatives !! Safe and sound . 
is thanking the gods for all their help , and asking for more ! - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
So today I went to work and there was a slightly used , exceptionally friendly pit bull that had been put over the fence in the night . By a guy who tried to dump her the day before and left his complete contact information . Does this make sense ? Great dog , dumb human . 
is visiting patches of mushrooms and trying not to get anthill in her flipflops . - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
THE BLACK KITTENS WENT HOME TO THEIR ADOPTIVE MAMA TODAY !!! 
just went to Wake County to hug dogs - very cute small female pit there ! <3 Rosebud <3 
Now I Know What It's Like When a Transport Goes Wrongggggg 
Kitten season in the South is over half the year - gorgeous < PROPFEMALE > kitties in many local shelters ! 
if you get something ( even from me ) about a Dislike button , delete it - it's a scam 
is experiencing etheric hurricane effects - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
is not sure if she has recovered yet from the onslaught of Harvest Full Moon/Equinox combined - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
Note to anyone who only wants ONE CAT : NEVER adopt a kitten . ALWAYS go to a rescue and ask for a cat that does not like other cats much . PLEASE !!! 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes ! 
is happy to have made the time to honor the Old Ones . - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
is happy to have done her Democratic duty 
is about to pack up all the fall decorations and get out the winter ones ! I luvs my 2 fave seasons . - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
is planning a ritual for Epiphany - which is also originally a Pagan holiday ! - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
new profile pic is JB , a healthy normal neutered male cat born 4/28/09 - he needs a home of his own ! likes other cats and dogs and purrs really loud for petting - does not like being grabbed or squeezed so children should be gentle 
