yay for sedona tomorrow .... boo for truck tonite ! 

Sedona was amazing .... wish I never left . 
I want steak damnit 
I'm so tired of getting sick ! 
I'm seeing things for the first time ... ha . 
To lessen my troubles I stopped hanging out with vultures and empty saviors like you . Oh , I wish I had a nickel for every miracle that you easily tricked me into . 
So I got this really big spider bite on my leg .... yep ... my leg is gonna fall off . 
I just can't take it anymore .... I need to smash something ! 
Took an hour long lush bath with a bottle of wine and I still HURT all over ! Help me !!!!!! 
I'm wondering who in Pittsburgh I can convince to drive out a few kegs of Yuengling black and tan to Arizona .... I'm deprived and starting to obsess !!!!!! 
St < PROPMALE > ing off the new year right by being commissioned for a few paintings ! Thank you sooo much < PROPFEMALE > and Isis .... it's an honor !!!!! And to everyone else .... please let me know if you're interested in some < PROPMALE > . Help keep me busy ! 
I'm seriously gonna go crazy from lack of sleep ! I can't even remember the last time I slept six hours straight . :( 
Nothing like some good music to calm me down ... still this will definitely be another sleepless night . I wish I could just close my eyes and be home . 
I get to babysit my cousins today .... hmmmm .... what kinda trouble can we get into ???? 
don't you hate when you lay in bed for hours but still can't sleep , then you gotta go to work and unload a damn truck at 1am ... or am I the only one ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > just gave me some liquid chlorophyll to drink ... mmm mmm mmm .... very planty !!!! 
Ok ... so now I've have started searching all the international LUSH websites ... found and ordered products not available in the states .... I got it bad , real bad ! 
Thank you for all the happy birthdays ! It was a really good one !!!!! 
ahahahaha ... i have a secret crush .... 
i just realized how much i miss the sound of screaming peacocks at 2am .... come back to me you crazy giant birds .... 
thank you to one of my favoritest pharmacists in the world for the bottle of crown < PROPMALE > from which i am now drunk ! 
Ok .... I typically work 8 or 9 days straight without a day off .... screw it , I'm staying in bed ALL day ! 
Sooooo .... gonna have all four wisdom teeth pulled on Saturday , then head in to work a 9 hour shift cause I'm a badass !!! Dobson and Warner .... bring me milkshakes ! 
gotta work the overnite tonite but i can't sleep because a group of people across the street have decided to spend their evening CONSTANTLY screaming at the top of their lungs .... great . 
I never thought I'd say these words but I am just too exhausted for a LUSH bath tonite . I need a god damn massage . Oh .... and F U wild horse pass casino . 
Something is wrong with me ... woke up at at 5:30 am AND went grocery shopping before 8am .... what the hell is going on here ?!?!? 
got an icky migraine tonite ... thank god for bubble baths and strawberries . 
So I will let it slide , slide like mercury . All silver and quick baby , poisonous and deadly , so deadly . 
someone needs to get me outta the house ..... my cat won't stop staring at me and i need a beer real hard 
my momma has given me the task of removing someones attached entity .... not exactly what I had planned for on a rare friday night off work .... but whatever . 
The good energy is starting to flow in today ... I'm all smiles ! 
priority number 1 today .... make as many people laugh as possible . 
Had a GIANT bug chasing me in the offfice as I was trying to do payroll ... two crazy customers that took 20 minutes each of my precious time ... and stepped on a baby bird when I went out for a smoke to prevent total meltdown ... I want my mommy . 
just looked at the most bad ass apartment ever in the whole wide world ... should know in a few days if its ours .... then moving party !!!!!!!! 
If the children don't grow up , our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up . We're just a million little gods causing rainstorms turning every good thing to rust . 
I'm using the power of positive thinking to bring an extremely large bathtub into my life . 
I'm currently trying to figure out why I have dreams of being chased by zombies at least three times a week ... any ideas ??? 
Just booked our room in Vegas for this weekend .... ready to take my Grama and Momma on a wild adventure !!!!!!!! 
A couple of strong mojitos stole all my money and gave it to a bunch of mean ass slot machines . 
I am the winner of the champagne chugging contest . 
Now that I'm back from Vegas I have to face the horrifying reality of PACKING !!! Can't I just hire someone ???? I wanna go play ..... 
Men need to learn how to hunt again .... I'm a lady and I'm done doing all the goddamn work ! 
I'm wondering why the hell someone just stopped their car and took a picture of me while I'm sitting on my porch .... I'm so damn glad I'm moving ! 
I just completely forgot where I am for a solid 5 seconds ... scary .... 
I'm plotting in secret .... ahahaha ! 
I'm silly happy today ! Yay !!! 
Just about ready to go into the minus 20 degree freezer at work to DIE !!!!!! 
turning a very dirty car pretty again .... damn roadtrip bugs . 
I just witnessed the most psychotic display of horrifying craziness on < PROPMALE > road and I'm now officially scared of human beings . 
I want to kiss < PROPMALE > Linus 
I guess if I MUST be bad at something , then I'm ok with that something being bowling . 
I'll be in Pittsburgh starting Thursday for ten days ... can't wait to see all my sweet friends and family !!!! 
It's pouring outside and I'm sharing a single bed with a big pitbull who insists on protecting me through the night but he can't seem to find a comfortable position . Cute nevertheless . 
Gonna start watching all of Curb Your Enthusiasm again ... this will most likely turn me into a sarcastic ass for the next few months . 
I wish I was as cool as < PROPFIRST > David .... oh well ... at least my hair smells good . 
I can't sleep . My bedroom is too hot , I think I'm dehydrated , and I keep having weird dreams of hiding under beds from creatures that are trying to bite my fingers off and giant wrestling apes . What would L.D. do ? 
I'm so damn happy ! 
FINALLY booked my flight to Spain ... I'm now fearful that I may be surviving off of saltines and tap water till I can save up money to eat again .... 
I'm getting more and more snarky the longer I go without a cigarette and I can't see anything out of my right eye . I need to be fed steak and cuddled before I meltdown . 
I am SO burnt out . The past few weeks feel like the longest ever . I need a marathon bath , 36 hours in my pajamas , and some really good hugs from special friend . Ooo ooo ... and a giant plate of fresh fruit , a jug of apple juice , a foot massage , a hand massage , new slippers , and a puppy dog . 
Yay ! No work for three whole days , I get to see special friend , and I get to enjoy all this in San < PROPMALE > !!! 
I can't stop thinking that in just three short weeks I'll be in Spain and the closest Walgreens will be across the ocean . How beautiful is that ?? 
Damnit ..... I really didn't plan on drinking that entire bottle of wine in an hour . Drunky Mcslosh slosh is off to bed now . 
Six days till vacation and I'm pretty damn sure I'm getting sick !! Factor in the sunburn and 60+ bug bites I'm currently sporting from head to toe and you've got a very unhappy < PROPFEMALE > . 
As I'm laying in bed sick I can think of nothing better to do than to pick my seats for my flight , check info on foreign banking , and look up the addresses for all the LUSH shops in Madrid !!! 
Think I might just stay here in Madrid and NEVER come back !!!! 
Jet lag sucks ! And there is absolutely nothing wrong with staying in bed alllllllll day . 
Three weeks and not one single cigarette . I like my bank account much better this way . 
What's better than a 15 hour overnight shift ?!?! Not getting payed overtime for it because you're salary !!!!! I'm going to go into a coma now so I can do it again tonight . 
State fair tonight !!!! < PROPFIRST > is gonna win me one of those happy bananas or else !!! 
Thank you camelback for that thorough ass kicking .... I need a bubble bath .... 
Really looking forward to a good long mid week hike ......... 
Going in for an overnight shift on zero sleep . I seriously cannot wait for the next 70 hours of retail torture to be over and done with . 
I want apple juice 
I miss my Pappy too much .... 
GO STEELERS !!!!!! 
For the first time since I came back from Spain I had some chistorra and croquetas and jamon iberico !!!!!! All thanks to Brodder < PROPMALE > my belly is happppppy !!!! 
I could swear my store must have some signs out front welcoming all the neighborhood creeps to come on in and give their best shot at creeping me out ! Ewwwww ....... 
Got my plane ticket to PITTSBURGH !!!!!! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes . Had a great day at the spa ( thanks < PROPFIRST >!!) and now I'm gonna let my awesome boyfriend take me out to dinner ! ;) 
Had escargot for the first time and I do have to say .... yummmmmm !!!!!!! 
Cleaning day !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Mmmm ..... vietnamese soup to scare the icky sickness away . Boooo to ear infections !!!!!!! 
Steroids make my skin HURT !!!!!! 
i want my momma .... stupid ass fever ...... grrrrrrr 
Busy killing zombies with stinky . :) 
I burnt my finger real bad , and since I'm not in possession of any bandaids or neosporin I slathered on some vicks , wrapped it in a paper towel and put a winter glove on . I am absolutely certain this is < PROPFEMALE > for teasing < PROPFIRST > when he sliced his finger open with a knife tonight ..... damnit ....... 
Two hours of yoga .... I'm ready for bed now !!! 
Anyone interested in doing a Bikram Yoga class with me ???? I'm a boatload of fun ........ 
Making homemade protein bars then getting a massage . Tomorrow , going to the zoo with < PROPFIRST > and the worms . I love having days off !! 
Another zombie dream last night . This time though , I'm like a zombie killing machine . Must be all that resident evil I've been playing . :) 
pink bubble bath . radiohead . lights out . this is all i need . 
So I decided that tonight was a nice night for a midnight run . After work I drove and clocked a quiet 3.5 mile route through the neighborhood , got home and changed then set on my way . After I was warmed up , I started running only to find I couldn't make it more than thirty seconds without my pants falling down !!! What the hell Under Armour ?!?!?!? 
Got my bonus .... you know what that means ?!?! Time to get me and my Dads tickets to Spain !!!!!!! Cannot wait to share the experience with him !!!!! 
I'm so sad it's Monday . It sucks that such an awesome weekend has to end . 
Lovely .... some jerk face did a hit and run on my car while I was in a meeting for work . At least the cop was awesome and he already got the guy !! 
I believe that I may be developing a slight obsession with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and giant toothed fishys . 
Going into the Pennsylvania wilderness !! 
Tickets to Spain are finally purchased !!!! 
