had a great weekend ! Went to the bar Saturday night to see Soulstice , grilling out on Sunday , and most importantly , a very happy birthday for < PROPMALE > ! 

had a blast at the concert !! Can't wait until August ! 
Overheard today at work ... Customer #1 - OMG !!! Look at this skirt , it's soooo CUTE !!! Customer #2 - Oh , that is cute !!! Customer #1 - You know what it would look so cute with ??? That new top I just got - the really cute one !! Customer #2 - Ohhhh , that wo 
officially on vacation !!! Currently I'm headed to Indy to visit the family . 
Happy Fourth of July everyone :) 
is back at work . When is it time for vacation again ??? 
just realized that I don't even need TV . Having four cats is really all the entertainment one could need . 
is trying to decide whether to be productive or veg all day and get absolutely nothing done . Choice 2 is definitely more appealing ... 
is making chocolate chip cookies ! 
is at home , icing her knee =( At least it's a rainy day so I don't feel too bad about laying around all afternoon ... Maybe there's a good 80's movie on ... 
is glad tonight is the last night of rollout . The store looks AWESOME if I do say so myself . Everyone should stop by and see the cool tree made out of books in our windows :) 
is trying to decide whether to take a nap , go for a walk , or make dinner . I'm thinking the nap is winning since I'm completely dozing off at the moment ... 
is banning herself from the food network , especially after 8pm . 
wonders how it is even possible that I was wide awake at 6 am ... 
is tormenting her boyfriend by taking forever to update facebook . He wants to use the computer for important stuff ( spider solitaire ... ) Apparently FB ranks second to spider solitaire . 
32 feels pretty damn good ! Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone :) 
had to say good bye to the best pair of jeans , ever . Farewell old friends , you will be missed ... :( 
is feeling much more centered and relaxed today :) 
is hoping the crazies stay out of my store today . At least until 6 , when I leave :) 
just can't seem to wake up today . More coffee , please ! 
has the whole day off and it's rainy outside . What a perfect day to stay in my pj's and enjoy some hot chocolate :) 
has lots of fresh veggies and fruit ! Apricot crisp last night , peach cobbler and zucchini bread today :) Thank you , < PROPMALE > , for stopping at that roadside stand ! 
I love Top Chef except for the fact that it makes me so nervous . I hate watching the critiques of the food . Flashback to music school , perhaps ? 
Yay ! Clean house :) Now I can enjoy my day off tomorrow and not have to worry about it ! 
Homemade pita chips , salsa and a beer for dinner . Yummy ! :) 
loves going out to breakfast on Saturday morning :) 
Just found a $50 gift card that I forgot I had in my wallet !!! 
is incredibly lucky to have such a fabulous boyfriend ! I love ' we ' and not ' I ' :) ' 
wants to care about the MSU / U of M game , but really just ... doesn't ... 
is officially employed at the J . Crew in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor as of today :) I'm excited , but will definitley miss everyone at Eastwood ... I love you guys !!! 
Just got home from a marching band invitational . Man , it's been a lonnnnnnggggg time ! 
got stuck on the phone with a heavy breather while waiting for computer passwords today . Unpleasant .... 
is sooooo ready for the weekend ! Three whole days off !!! :) 
Yay weekend !!! Looking forward to a nice , relaxing three days off :) 
just got some great financial news . I didn't even know those words could be used together !! :) 
Had a great day of doing pretty much nothing :) 
is watching The Return of the Living Dead . Oh how I love cheesy 80's horror flicks ! :) 
Would anyone like a roll in the hay ? Roll , roll , roll in the hay ! 
Just got home to a < PROPFEMALE > that was stuck in the closet for about 8 hours ... :( Poor Miss Chicken ... 
Gotta focus at work for three more days , then < PROPMALE > and I are going up north for the weekend :) 
Second celebrity sighting at my store in the past month . A couple of weeks ago , < PROPFIRST > Scwimmer was shopping and tonight < PROPFEMALE > Gosselin . 
Yay ! Off all weekend and heading up north :) 
is wondering how I can be so exhausted after just having had a whole weekend off ... It must be all the driving . 
is currently destroying < PROPMALE > at a game of Scrabble :) 
wishes she was in Cincinnati seeing Phish with < PROPMALE > ... At least I got to go to the concert in Detroit on Wednesday . It was AWESOME ! 
is the most amazing girlfriend in the world . I rolled out of bed at 6:30 am ( on my day off ) to get foil so < PROPMALE > could bake his lasagna he's taking to work . Can I get a gold < PROPFEMALE > or something ? 
Is it January yet ?? 
Getting caught up from the weekend ! 
is disturbed by the fact that I have been waking up regularly at about 5 or 5:30 every morning . Without alarm assistance ... Does this mean I'm getting old ? 
is feeling recentered and better about life :) Now I just have to make it to January and vacation ! 
feels kinda lame ... I'm watching The Nutcracker on Ice !! I'm not sure that's quite what Tchaikovsky had in mind . Maybe if I just cover the TV and listen ? 
New Wii for Christmas - $200 Wii Fit Plus with Balance Board - $99 Falling off and spraining my ankle on the first go - Priceless Really , though , is anyone out there surprised ?? 
Is having a very chill and lovely night with the love of my life :) Happy New Years to all of my friends and wishing everyone a great 2011 ! 
Maybe I'm a scrooge , but I really think parades are annoying ... 
6 more days of work and then vacation !!! Will I make it without going postal on someone ??? 
Yay ! Clean bathroom ! But I think I might have used incompatible cleaning agents - my eyes are watery and it kinda hurts to breathe . Hmmm , this may be a problem ... But the bathroom is clean !!! :) 
All I need to do is make it through the day and then VACATION !!! Stay away crazy people , I can't deal with you today ... 
A sampling of available radio stations in Northern Indiana : Country , Country , God , Country , Hip-Hop , God , Country . Maybe I should get my CD player fixed before I venture back to Michigan . 
offcially has a zombie plan , a superflu plan and a general end of the world/breakdown of society plan . Always good to be prepared ... 
needs to look to make sure there are no red clothes mixed in with light clothes before doing the laundry ... Sorry about your shirt , < PROPMALE > :( 
got up to the cashier at the grocery store today only to discover that I had left my wallet laying happily on the kitchen table ... 
Just found out this week that I'm having knee surgery . Awesome ... 
didn't get to watch the hockey game , but would have been happy no matter who won . Canadians are just so ... nice . If the US had to lose , at least it was to Canada :) 
sitting at home just waiting to go to the hospital ... The worst part about having surgery ? No coffee in the morning !!! I really don't do well without coffee in the morning ... Oh well , at least my knee will be better :) 
is celebrating three completely crutches-free days in a row :) 
is feeling a little surly today ... 
is < PROPMALE > red .... < PROPMALE > red , < PROPMALE > red , < PROPMALE > red ...... I just realized when you look at the word < PROPMALE > red over and over , it looks more like ' < PROPMALE > red ' . Interesting ... 
is having a very productive day so far :) 
Out of milk again ! I just want some Cheerios .... 
So I've officially been off work for 5 weeks because of my knee surgery ... 3 more to go ... One good thing is that for the first time in YEARS I get up and go to bed at pretty much the same time everyday . It's amazing what a normal schedule will do for your well being ! 
I love watching CSI Miami just to see < PROPFIRST > Caruso put his sunglasses on and look off to the side . 
My brain hurts ... 
Life moves pretty fast . You don't stop and look around once in a while , you could miss it . 
Had an awesome day - < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > at Barnes and < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > made his wonderful lasagna , started reading my new book and channel surfed for ' good ' bad Sunday afternoon movies ( unfortunately no natural disaster movies , but we caught the end of Karate Kid II ) . I love Sundays :) 
Up REALLY early to go to < PROPFIRST>'s volleyball tournament in Battle Creek . Why can't they just make them start a * < PROPFEMALE > * bit later ...? Oh well , I'm sure she'll do great ! 
Made a difficult decision and said a very difficult goodbye today . 
thinks it's definitely time for a roadtrip . 
Has officially been standing in the Best Buy customer service line for 20 minutes ... The sad part ? Only one person in front of me ... 
is leaving on a cross country roadtrip tomorrow ! So naturally I wake up today with yucky sinuses and a sore throat ... =/ 
Made it safely to Omaha . Tomorrow - westward on to Boulder ! 
Made it safely through the Rockies ! 
First impression of Vegas ? Indulgent ... 
driving through the Mojave desert and plan to be on the beach , watching the sun set over the Pacific tonight =) 
made it to San < PROPMALE > ! 
is watching the sun set over the Pacific Ocean . Life is Good =) 
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers out there ! Especially mine , thanks for being so awesome =) 
So I'm sitting in the airport and this woman is hacking up a lung and blowing her nose Really Loudly ... I really hope she's not on my flight ... =/ 
Back in the eastern time zone and safely on the ground =) 
Okay , the west is definitely calling me on this dreary , rainy , chilly , typical Michighan in the spring day ... 
is happy to report that < PROPMALE > is reading the Pony Express Station paraphernalia that I broght him . I guess it's a good thing I stopped :) 
I officially have a date and an artist to finish my tattoo =) 
I really hate getting stuck behind the frappacino/mocha people when getting coffee . They always have the most annoying voices and take forever to decide what sugar filled , whip cream topped faux coffee they want . Man up and get some real coffee ! Or at least get out of the way for those of us who are less indecisive ... 
Just watched the final episode of 24 and decided that the top five things I'll miss are 5 . The most amazing cell phone coverage ever , 4 . < PROPFIRST > Bauer going rogue - again , 3 . ' Nucular ' , 2 . < PROPFEMALE>'s perpetual scowl , 1 . Most of all , I'll miss ' Copy That ' 
It's going to be a wonderful weekend ! The best part ? For the first time in six years , I automatically get Memorial Day off without having to ask for it ! =) 
So I went hiking today and realized why I liked the desert so much when I was out west ... NO BUGS , especially mosquitoes !!! I got destroyed by mosquitoes today ... 
Today's guilty pleasure - Bridezillas =) Disturbing and entertaining all at once ... 
has had the kind of day where you just want to come home , open up a nice bottle of wine and drink most of it while listening to some Chopin and wondering what the hell is wrong with the world . Sometimes you just feel defeated ... 
Okay , today is a new day . This is good ... definitely good . 
45 days till I get to go back to Colorado ! This time with those I love :) 
Dear man in the monster truck that almost ran me off the road today , I forgive you . I realize that you are dealing with a less than adequate male anatomy and feel the need to compensate with your big truck . Might I suggest hunting ? Perhaps killing animals instead of people would be a better outlet for venting your frustration at probably never having pleased a woman . 
We only had one can of cat food this morning and we're out of dry food !!! This is a bowls are empty , defcon 5 , panic situation and the kitties are losing it !!! I better get to the store before they turn on me and I have a full scale mutiny on my hands ... 
I love it when plans begin to fall into place ! Muahahahahaha ... Actually there's nothing devious involved , it just seemed like a good place to put that . 
Phish tonight !! Should be fun :) 
ahhhh , I love Phish concerts =) 
I really forgot how incredibly inconvienient it is to get anything accomplished when dealing with MSU ... I have now officially been transferred between admissions and the registrars office four , yes four , times with each office blaming the other for the issue that I just want to get fixed . Sigh ... 
Fresh berries on a hot Saturday afternoon , yummy ! 
is going to a Tigers game ! I love baseball in the summer - hot dogs , beer , people watching . Oh yeah , I guess the game is fun too =) 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there ! Especially mine ( who probably won't see this ) and < PROPMALE > , both of whom are wonderful fathers :) 
Polo commercials are so hilarious to me . Do people really live like this ?? And if so , do they take themselves so seriously ?? 
AC has not worked for a week and a half ... Getting it fixed Friday ... Three more nights trying to sleep in a really hot house ... 
You're gonna DIE , Clown !!! 
So I just saw a preview for that movie called \The Crazies\ " . I didn't know they were making a movie about people who shop on Sundays ... " 
22 days until we leave for Colorado !! I can't wait , especially since it's another road trip :) 
This morning I went to a Weight Watchers meeting and they make us wear name tags ( which I am not thrilled about ) . Afterwards , I had to run a couple of errands and pick up a couple of things at Meijer . What did I find on my shirt when I got home after making 3 stops - all with people interaction ? Naturally , my name tag ... Awesome ... 
I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints , the sinners are much more fun . 
Hanging out in Indy with the ' rents and the fam this weekend :) Once again , another summer holiday where I don't have to compromise what I want to do just so other people can shop ! Who shops on the Fourth of July anyway ?? Have a fabulous day everyone , Happy Fourth of July :) 
In downtown Indy getting ready to watch fireworks with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > =) 
So on July 4th , I saw a girl wearing a T-shirt with the Union < PROPFIRST > ( British flag ) on it . At first I thought she was trying to maybe make a statement or something , but then I remembered I was in central Indiana and she probably thought she was being patriotic by wearing red , white and blue . Ahhh , Hoosiers ... 
LeBron who ? NBA is so overrated ... Now football , I have to admit I'm actually looking forward to . I never in a million years thought I would find myself looking forward to ANY sporting event , much less a whole season . 
is so happy < PROPMALE > found the flash drive on which all of our important stuff is saved . He found it under the bookcase in the computer room ... I'm pretty sure there was some < PROPFEMALE > involvement in the loss of the device ... 
Happy Monday :) 
just found out last night that < PROPMALE > bought me a new camera !!! This one comes complete with warranty , so I can \drop it off the side of a mountain or throw it in a lake\ " and it's covered :) My boyfriend is Awesome <3 " 
3 days , 19 hours , and 46 minutes until we leave for Colorado ! But no one's counting ... 
Last night I went for a walk on the river trail and saw : 2 groundhogs ( one that kept poking his head in and out of his hole - very cute ) , a doe and three fawns , a blue heron ( only about 5 feet away from me ) and some ducks . Throw in the frogs and all the ' summer bug ' sounds ( those of you from the country know what I mean ) and I really forgot that I was in the middle of Lansing for a second . 
This evening < PROPMALE > and I went to pick up our rental car for our trip out west . We had originally reserved a full size car because renting an SUV was too expensive . When we got there , they were out of full size cars , so they upgraded us to the next larger size vehicle - which is an SUV !!! Score ! 
Adios Michigan ! =) 
Safely in Boulder =) We are having a blast in the fresh mountain air - it's so beautiful here ! 
Wow !!! I'm the happiest woman in the world right now =))))))))))) 
Thanks so much for all of the well wishes :) I am definitely one happy lady ! 
It has been an amazing week =) We are on our way back to the mitten . I can't say I'm excited to go back to Michigan , but I am excited to go back with my fiancé =) 
Dear State of Illinois , you are very lame . Why is the speed limit 65 on the interstate and why do you have < PROPMALE > of one < PROPFIRST > road with two guys working on one very small bridge ? You SUCK ! Love , < PROPFEMALE > . PS - I don't really like Chicago either . 
Safely back in Michigan and back to reality ... Although , it's a better reality than when I left :) 
is finally learning that with a little < PROPFEMALE > , things fall into place . 
has officially developed a love/hate relationship with < PROPFEMALE > Michaels ... 
Acceptance to the College of Music - check ; Acceptance to the College of < PROPMALE > - check ; Financial aid - check ; Work and class schedule figured out - check ! Looks like I am ( finally ! ) officially going back to school :) Should be interesting to take all those freshman level classes with kids who were born in the 90's ... 
Just figured out that the crash we heard last night after going to bed was my computer falling to the floor ... So far it seems okay ... I'm pretty sure there was feline involvement . 
is headed to Frankenmuth today with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for my ( future ) brother-in-law's wedding . We're staying at the Bavarian Inn , it should be a lot of fun ! 
Thank you so much for all of the birthday wishes !!! It has been a fabulous day :) It was really cool to look at my FB < PROPFEMALE > and see so many of the people I've met over my 33 ( yes , < PROPFIRST > , 33 NOT 35 ... ) years of life . Whether big or small you've all played a part in the person I am today . And I happen to like the person I am today , so thanks :) 
So our washer has been broken for about a month and a half now ... I have to say , coming to the laundromat isn't THAT bad . There are definitely some good people watching opportunities . Now if I can just find a way to transport it there without having to < PROPFEMALE > it all ... Too bad I don't live in < PROPFEMALE > Trek World ... 
Just learned an interesting fun fact ... All the genetic material in the sperm and egg cells that produced the Earth’s present population could fit into a space the size of an aspirin . 
This has seriously been a horrible week ... It's just been bad news followed by more bad news and then bad news again . I guess that I just have to remain positive and remember that every ending is the beginning of something else . 
Ahhhh , life ... 
Just watched a really cheesy made for TV movie on Syfy - ' Volcano in NYC ' ( not the exact name , but you get the point ) . Next on ? ' NYC : Tornado Terror ' and after that ' Category 6 : Day of Destruction ' . I so love natural disaster movies ! 
This morning I had my ' freshman ' music < PROPMALE > meeting along with a double dose of de < PROPFEMALE > vu . It's going to be very interesting going back to school with what I know now . 
Man I love < PROPMALE > movies ! Especially the training montage that is in every one :) 
Headed to Indiana to visit the fam and go camping ! 
Had a great time camping with some good peeps ! Now for the drive back to the mitten ... 
is solar powered with a backup coffee generator . 
Office marathon on TBS :) Looks like I will most definitely not be laboring on Labor Day 
thinks free massages at my place of employment far , FAR outweighs any discount on clothing :) 
So I'm taking low brass methods this semester and have developed new respect for my low brass friends :) So much air ... 
is wondering why people don't speed up when merging onto the highway ... 
has decided that I am not in any way meant to be a percussionist . Apparently my hands cannot work independently from one another . I have also learned that without my right hand to support it , my left hand is a useless club . 
is feeling very domestic tonight . After picking < PROPFIRST > up from the Grand Ledge football game , I am now baking cookies for her volleyball tournament tomorrow . 
The plan today - avoid East Lansing at all costs ! That having been said , I really love this time of year :) And I guess I feel a little obligated ( I mean , since I am a student there and stuff ... ) to say - Go Green ... 
I have to admit I was impressed by the Spartans win ! GO STATE ! 
Today is a good day ! I woke up thinking I had to write this long summary for one of my classes and it only has to be 200 words , so I'm already done . So now I have this beautiful fall day to enjoy and nothing hanging over my head ! Fabulous :) 
rediscovering my love of music and - believe it or not - the oboe . Feels good :) 
feels that it is perfectly acceptable to like or dislike a team based on whether their mascot is good or bad . For example , a dolphin is not a good mascot because they are cute and friendly . Thank you , that is all . 
Once again finding myself the only person in the greater Lansing area that did not plan their day around a football game . As long as I avoid any bars and Walmart ( just because Walmart is always filled with crazies ) , I figure I should pretty much have the city to myself . Throw in any drunk people I stumble across and it will be like < PROPFEMALE > of the Dead :) 
see if my Facebook friends are paying attention ..... Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes ME using the 3rd letter of YOUR first name . No repeats . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word . 
Ended up having the whole morning off !! So instead of being productive and getting stuff done - I slept in ... Feels good , though :) 
just realized that it has been over seven months since I have had to write an Action Plan - no wonder I'm loving life ! 
Lansing Symphony friends - Congrats on the concert tonight ! It's been a while since I've been and the orchestra sounds great :) Not to mention the acrobats were really cool ! 
So after the concert , stopped at Oades to get some beer . Slipped on wet floor and sprained my ankle - bad ... Ouch ... :( 
Dear < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Please get better hair . Thanks . 
has a hate relationship with the tuba . Not even love/hate , just hate ... 
I never cease to be amazed at the sense of entitlement some people feel ... 
I think it's funny how people in Michigan react to thunderstorms the way people in Indiana react to snowstorms . I'm surprised there is any bread or milk to be found in the entire Mid-Michigan area . And do we REALLY need to cancel school becuase of thunderstorms ??? C'mon people , use your brains ! 
Apparently I picked up more about the trombone in a past life than I realized . Go me ! 
Yay Friday :) 
Trying to get motivated to do my homework ... 
Happy Halloween ! 
just learned that < PROPFIRST > Schauer's BFF is < PROPFEMALE > Pelosi and together they want old people to die . Also , in case you were wondering , < PROPMALE > Walberg hates puppies and small children . I'm so sick of these stupid ads ... What's scary is that somewhere , someone will base their vote on what they see on TV . 
Oh Friday , Friday ... Where < PROPMALE > thou , Friday ? 
Woo hoo ! Three day weekend ! 
< PROPMALE > just pointed out that in three weeks , I will NOT be working on Black Friday and I WILL have the day to relax and enjoy myself . Words cannot describe how awesome that makes me feel . I plan on avoiding all malls , walmarts and anyplace else that opens before 6am =) 
So I'm thinking of upgrading my phone and am looking at the DroidX , Droid2 and Droid Incredible . Does anyone out there have one of these and if so , what are your thoughts ? Just curious ... :) 
I love how my fiance finds the most obscure movies that I've never heard of and makes me watch them . Really , I do , it broadens my horizons ... 
My fiance is awesome because not only did concede to < PROPFIRST > and I watching < PROPMALE > Potter instead of the Steelers , but he also went to get us ice cream . =) 
We cannot control the things that happen to us or the things people do to us , all we can do is control our reactions and be true to ourselves . That's my deep thought of the day :) 
is in Indy , visiting the fam for an early Thanksgiving feast ! Let's just hope there's no chicken tetrazini ... 
This year I'm thankful for lots of things . Chocolate chip butterscotch cookies , I got started on my paper and I DON'T have to work Black Friday ! But those things don't really matter . What I'm really thankful for is all my amazing friends and family who have helped me become who I am today . And what I'm most thankful for is my awesome fiance , the most kind , caring , compassionate person I know . Love you , < PROPMALE > :) 
is going to see < PROPMALE > Potter with < PROPFIRST > =D 
I fully admit that I am a huge geek . I never get tired of watching any of the < PROPFEMALE > Wars movies or listening to the music . Just finished Revenge of the Sith and I kinda get goose bumps when I hear < PROPMALE>'s theme at the end ... 
Two more weeks and then I'm finished with my first semester back in school ! I think I can , I think I can ... 
Wow it's amazing how much sunshine improves my demeanor =) Curse you for being so cloudy , Lansing !!! 
Man , I love this time of year ! I can't wait to wrap presents and listen to the < PROPFIRST > Brown Christmas Album :) 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday Dec 6 . and join the fight against child abuse . 
Playing with my new Droid 2 and doing laundry in my house with my new washing machine ( courtesy of mom and dad ) . It's like an early Christmas today ! 
was up half the night sick ... :( Boooo Monday with no sleep .... 
Okay , will someone please tell me what the < PROPFIRST > and sentimental statuses mean ? 
I have just been awarded a B- in street smarts ... 
at the Green Door , good music and beer =D 
Is attempting to put up the Christmas tree with four kitties ' helping ' ... Pictures to follow ... 
I gotta say , I am soooooo glad I do not have to go to work at a retail store today . Snow days are when ALL the crazies come out - even worse than Sundays ! 
Is officially done , done and done with this semester !!! 
I am proud to say that I am not spending any money on useless , superficial ' stuff ' this holiday season . This year I am instead focusing on memories to remember good times , cookies to enjoy the present and experiences to look forward to in the future :) 
Why is it that I am always injured ... ??? 
I would just like to share how great my fiance is . Last night , I injured my big toe and almost ripped the toenail off :( When I was pouring peroxide on it , he blew on it so it didn't sting . Then he went to the store for me since I couldn't walk and this morning , after shoveling the driveway and cleaning off the car , he is making a lasagna for me to take to work . I am indeed a very , very lucky woman :) 
At the Green Door , yay Festivus =D 
Wow , < PROPFIRST > Chittenden and his kamikazi's kick my ass ... Gonna be a long night ... 
Okay , I am officially cuttung myself off ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars marathon on Spike , < PROPFEMALE > curled up under the tree , baking cookies and getting ready for a lovely Christmas < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > . Life is good :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! :) I hope everyone out there has a wonderful day filled with love , laughter and fun ! 
So I'm watching Back to the Future II and just realized that the future they go to is 2015 . I wonder if the next four years will see the justice system working much faster and flying cars :) 
All right , it's officially 2011 and it's gonna be a great year ! Now I just have to make it through the four months of gray , drab , cloudy yuckiness that is Lansing , Michigan from January to May ... C'mon , just a Little bit of sunshine ??? 
Yay for sunshine and Colts on Saturday ! It's gonna be a good day :) 
Awww , so sad to see the Colts lose ... Its all good , though , they're just saving it up for next year ! 
I really can't believe classes start tomorrow ... The last three weeks have flown by ! 
Its so fun to be a ' freshman ' music < PROPMALE > all over again :) This semester I have clarinet , voice and continue with the violin . Should be good times ! 
So glad that college football is FINALLY almost done . Sorry to all my friends out there who are fans , but I really ... just ... don't ... care ... 
Is chill . 
So this whole zodiac thing doesn't affect me a ) because I was born way before 1990 and b ) August 18th still falls under < PROPFIRST > . There is no way that I could be any other sign . Most of you know I am 100% < PROPFIRST > and you all love me for it :) 
' Dear State of Indiana- 50 mph on the interstate is actually an obstrction of traffic ' - < PROPMALE > Brunnscweiler on I-70 . 
Getting my bro trashed at B-dubs in Plainfield . Its fun to be back in Indiana - the middle finger of the south :) 
I would just like to say Happy 60th Birthday to my awesome mom !!! I feel so very fortunate to have her not only as a mother , but also a friend . No matter how crazy things have gotten , she has always been there for me and I < PROPFEMALE > our relationship . Thanks mom , you rock and I hope you have a fabulous birthday :) 
Headed back to the mitten after a fun weekend hanging out with the fam . Now I have to find a song to sing for vocal methods ... This could be scary ... 
Grrrrr .......... 
