popcorn , < PROPFEMALE > oil , and salt yummmmmmmmmmm im in heaven . too bad i don't haf any calamari though :( i love foooooooooood 

OMG ! 2 more days till school starts again ! 
im bored 
omg ! < PROPFEMALE > atkins is dying 
surprisingly manson isn't 
wow y did i add < PROPFEMALE > ? LOL UUUUUUUr mom little grl 
quiero < PROPFEMALE > hamburguesa de in n ' out 
gooooooooooooood weather 
im soooooooooooooooooo tired 
got her ears pierced LOL !!! 
another day another migraine 
im booooooooooooooored 
I FINISHED 
now i have 2 study 
me es aburrido 
HAPPY HALLOWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN ! 
one more day ! 
boooooooooooooored ..................................................... 
hw hw hw when does it stop ! Where is < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > when you need them 
WHO HAS GUNN 4 SPANISH 2 ?! 
WINTER BREAK STARTS NOW !!! 
is it weird that im 15 but i like 80s music LOL 
Ugh ! one more day ! i still haf hw to do LOL and i don't feel like finishing it ....... 
safaa rice 
SWINE FEEEEEEEVER ! when is lost on ? 
< PROPMALE > eastwood ! where can i find top secret the movie ? 
gardens of the world tomorrow ! yum yum 
basmati rice 
Lost season 6 starts feb 2 ! hopefully we get more answers than questions this time 
science test akjf ; akld tomorrow 
Geometry study group anyone ? 
hiking and bon jovi is all im looking 4ward 2 LOL 
my classes changed ! and they aren't good 
the coyotes are howlin 4 < PROPMALE > chidgey ......... 
california cows . stinky cheese 
im bored maybe i shud drawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 
the clouds seem angry .............. so maybe i shud draw ........ LOL 
sorry thom yorke and < PROPFEMALE > manson but its < PROPMALE > cobain's turn now LOL drawing gets me confused ............ 
chalouw ! palouw ! LOL berinj ................ birthday in like 15 days ! hopefully i grow atleast an inch for my birthday 
me and my cousins and you and your cousins its a line thats always running ! me and my cousins and you and your cousins i can feel it coming ! vampire weekend ...................... 
onion bagels and cats ! what an interesting day ! 
who should i draw ?! the Zodiac Killer is booooooooooring book he is a psycho killer with a high IQ but mentally unstable ............. helter skelter was a better book .............. waaaaaaaaaaay betta .......... 
I feel ..................... bored ! how do u spell solicetor ? solciter ? sololociter ? ohhhhhhhhhhhh yeah solicitor finally !........... im bored again .......... 
Throw it on the ground ! what u think im stupid ! im not part of this system ! my dads not a cell phone !!!!!!!!!................. duhhh ! 
the sun is rising ! nooooooooooooooooo im human again ........... 
in my eyes im not lazy ! in my face its not over ! in your room im not older ! in your eyes im not worth it ! this song is stuck in my head !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! nirvana .................... scofffffffffffff 
skooooooooooooooooooooool 
THANKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
do i smell chicken currrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrry ? 
P90x !!!!!!!! LOL im better at drawing a 6 pac than gettin one pshhhhhhhhhhh where is dat chicken curry and kofta .............................. 
OMG !! so i came from skool tried the P90x got tired then ate cheese puffs cuz i was hungry LOL i only tried it for 2 minutes ............... hahahahahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
no skoooooooooool thursday !!!!!!!!!! youth summit ! 
blur blur blur ...................... 
1 . press enter 20 times ( you will be on line 21 ) 2 . click on center alignment 3 . enter the title of the report in all caps . 4 . press enter 20 times ( you will be on line 41 ) 5 . click on right alignment . 6 . type your name , press enter 7 . type your teacher’s name , press enter 8 . type the name of the course , press enter 9 . type the date . 
anyone who has mrs. hamilton !! she makes it very confusing .......... 
im stressssssssssssssssed out 
once again i smell afghan foooood ! 
kachaloo bourani ! yum yum 
anyone do the bio test review ? 
can't leave your demons behind , whatever they are , the more you run the harder they < PROPMALE > you 
omg afghans .............. 
powerpoint presentation tomorrow ........ woohoo im already hyper ventilating , i hate presentations 
science labs ................... 
is it true that our days haf gotten shorter from that earthquake 
y do cats like to sit on my hw ? first < PROPFEMALE > , then < PROPMALE > , now < PROPMALE > ! 
< PROPFIRST > numan !!!! carsssssssssss 
i hate thursdays cuz ur close enough to the end of the week but not nearly there and it usually takes forever for thursday to end ................... 
KALAKATA !!!!! 
darband 
people always judge ............... 
every day is the same ! disappointment and boredom .............. 
maaaaaaaaaaaan ! im an adult ! i ain't part of yo system ! so i throw it on da ground !!!! snl bio labs make me crazy LOL 
interpol ..................... 
i cant waaaaaaaaaaaaaait 2 drive ! idk when i will but hopefully i can reach the brakes ! LOL 
less concerned about fitting into the world , your world that is , cuz it doesn't really matter no ............. nine inch nails , ONLY , stuck in my head !!!!!!!!! 
cops and robbers , its fun 2 be a kid , i never wanna grow up LOL 
earthquake ? 
4.4 @ 4:04 LOL < PROPMALE > rivera 
OMG ! i solved a rubik's cube LOL i feel so accomplished ......... 
rest my chemistry ............ interpol 
is anyone in Mrs. Gunn's spanish 2 class ? wat was da hw ?!!!! 
what ever happened to Safaa rice ? 
hiking this weekend boney mountain .............. yeah 
hahahaha its funny when people think im african when i say im A-F-G-H-A-N duhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
cuzzzins ............... afghan food ? 
disposable teens : OOOOOOOOOOweird song 
proud 2 B a shrub 
las vegas was fun except for seeing carrot top while walking in the luxor LOL i didn't know he was that short LOL 
y is there soooooooooo many earthquakes ??!!!!! oh yeah the world is ending LOL JK ....................... 
im so bored that my eyeballs are melting ............... 
coachella ............. LOL i wish 
i had a weird dream where i found a dead person behind my house on the empty lot under some dirt ....... should i check LOL 
coachella tomorrow :( wish i could go ............ 
hiking hiking hiking im tired 
AWSOME found a def leppard cd LOL 
this week is taking fooooooooooooorever !!! i guess ill go back to listening to radiohead and nirvana LOL 
word ! wats the chances of a bear bein in a bear cave yo ! a 100 percent dog !! LOL SNL 
does anyone know who BRENDEN QOSE is ? 
did anyone see The Cove ? 
i hate it when good horror films turn out to have a cheesy ending ........... ; lkajdf ; klasjd 
finished the music video !! 
disposable teeeeeeeeeeeeeens ................. awesome song !! 
they'll just cut our wrists like cheap coupons and say that death was on sale today 
isolation is the oxygen mask you make your children breath in to survive ................. what a day ! 
midgets unite ! what ever happened 2 < PROPFEMALE > of Dead Dog ????? 
doesn't ANYONE think that the Lost finale was lame ?!!!! a lot of my questions are still not answered !!! 
i need a cat 
the best are the worst 
BE A FAN OF MARZAAR CLOTHING TODAY !!!! she's my aunt and has started her new clothing line BE A FAN !! her clothes are awesome so yaaaaa .......... 
like this if you think < PROPFEMALE > Kephart is really a Keeble Elf in disguise !!!! 
the new burger from KFC called double down with no buns and lots of fat for $5.49 and for an extra dollar more the KFC cashiers will just stab you through the heart ! - < PROPMALE > meyers on snl 
the gym was fricken awsome !! i actually felt like i did something LOL it was intense ............. 
haha ! i feel sooooooooooo accomplished LOL finished the pics ! 
once i get the stuff im selling voodoo dolls ! 
TEAM < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
afghan food makes my day 
wowwwwww just got my books so i can start my english hw ): it doesn't feel like summer anymore 
i WILL finish this book in one day ................. then start reading another boring book for english :( 
four more dayyyyyyys !! it better be good .......... 
fires ............... bleh 
sytycd was disappointing , last week was better 
YESSS ! im back in simi valley !!!! wherez my keebler elf !!! 
i miss in n out .......... 
gym tomorrow :P 
sell the kids for food , weather changes moods , spring is here again .......... 
wow my lunch was costco samples ..... but im full ! 
Mall wit da keeblers 
today i shud do my hw alkdfjalkdjf 
skin the sun , fall asleep , wish away , soul is cheap 
i want a < PROPFEMALE > manson shirt :P 
california ! y haf u roasted me alive ??????? 
apparently my 6 year old sister has fallen in love with < PROPFIRST > Downey Jr. and wants to marry him 
yeah ! its foggy XD 
ok watev ! like this status and ill tell you what i dislike , like , a confession , and a first impression ! 
i keep having dreams of the world ending and it always involves people getting sucked into a hole at the bottom of a pool , so far its been 3 nights i've dreamed the same dream :P but my worst nightmare ............. is .............. IKEA !!! plegh ! tomorrow im going , i always feel claustrophobic in there ......... 
if anyones taking AP English 11 , when is the hw due ? the 16th or 24th ?????? 
we're disposable teens\ 
we're disposable TEENS !!! this song is stuck in my head !!!!!!!!!!!!! :/ 
yeah ! no ikea 
hair is sooooooooooooooo hard to draw :/ akdjfa ; dkfj 
TOES WILL BE FOES !!!!!!!!!!! how could i forget !? 
YES IM DONE ! 
I wish i was like you , easily amused , find my nest of salt , everything is my fault , I'll take all the blame , aqua seafoam shame 
ugh ! am i the only one that gets dizzy after an elevator ride but feels fine after riding tower of terror ! 
BEACH !!! yeahhhhhh ! but its 63 degrees :( 
beach was cold as usual :( 
AFGHAN WEDDING !!!!!!! :P 
i hate spiders , they're everywhere !!!! 
bodysnatchers 
i want my < PROPFEMALE > manson shirt :( 
3 more days !!!!!!!!!! 
sorry Cat Deeley but i really want to burn ur wardrobe and HOPE IT SUFFERS !!!!!!!! 
i don't think ima make it this time :( 
this army has so many heads , are you one of us , come on and get your overdose , collect it at the borderline , and they want to get up in your head ........... 
ZUMA BEACH !!!!!!!??? no ? :( 
tomorrow i will haf 2 go thru hell before i get 2 heaven LOL 
driving like 550 < PROPMALE > in da next 2 days XD i better find my ipod quick !!!!!!!! UTAH HERE I COME !!!!!! 
DATES AND EGGS ! DATES AND EGGS ! XD 
HOME SWEET HOME ! 
listening to < PROPFEMALE > manson and knitting a scarf ..... great combination 
12 more logs ! 
i love wipeout 
yessssss , my shirt is in ! 
wow i just finished watching SYTYCD after coming back and i CAN'T BELIEVE < PROPMALE > DIDN'T WIN !!! 
i wonder if the freshmen are gonna get any shorter this year LOL 
cheesecake factory mmmmmmmmmmm , i miss that place 
there's something in my room ! or i keep seeing things in the dark LOL its creepy 
hey kid you're sick , well darling this is it , you all can just kiss off into the air , behind my back i can see them stare , they'll hurt me bad but i won't mind , they'll hurt me bad they do it all the time !..... stuck in my head ! :P 
i picked up my shirt from the ground and a BIG FAT SPIDER fell on my hand and then fell on the ground and was chasing me for a good 15 seconds then i killed him ...... back to being bored now 
i wanna hike to the beach :( or atleast boney mountain or paradise falls XD i could settle for some in n out tho :) 
FMsister'sL , she got bottom locker number D666 and while all the locker #s are engraved hers is written with a pen ..... D666 , d for devil LOL 
watchin vampires suck wit da keeblers !!! XD 
vampires suck was AWESOME !!! 
wtf i had a dream that california was being taken over by aliens because they loved our ' happy ' cows XD it was weird and scary 
yeah i got my shirt ! 
i don't want to go back to school :( 
yet again i see a big black spider and the closest thing to me was my nirvana shirt :( sorry < PROPMALE > cobain but i killed the spider with ur face 
as my little sister randomly says : when asians go to their asian place they speak asian and do asian things ........ 
my little cousin runs out of the public restroom and screams , \I WENT POTTY !!!! \"" 
i wish spiders would stay out of my shoes and away from my shirts , then i wouldn't feel tempted to kill them ...... 
106 ?! im gonna die ....... 
first day of school is over XD now i can go back to sleep ......... 
i hear an ice cream truck !!! XD 
i sat in my future car , which was my dad's old car and i had to use my little sister's car seat to actually see through the windshield 
its been a long time since i actually felt cold outside .......... and it feels GREAT ! the weather is awesome !!!!!!!!!! XD 
CRACKISTAN !!!! XD 
blue monday 
schools shud know that short pple can't < PROPFEMALE > fricken heavy textbooks everyday !!! my arms feel like they're about to fall off ! 
animals eat to live , humans live to eat 
eatin sum good afghan food XD 
today i was called a freshman by a bunch of stupid sophomore girls when im really a < PROPMALE > !!!!!! it got me pretty mad 
i miss rain 
is being an afghan XD i want berinj and kofta !!! and of course wit sum chai :P 
I don't care if monday's blue , tuesday's gray and wednesday too , thursday i don't care about you , it's friday im in love <33333 
is watchin capitalism : a love story XD i love this movie 
thank god i don't haf P.E. any more XD no more having to stand in the sun all period , but i do miss playin basketball wit da keeblers LOL fun times <333 
its gonna b 108 today ?! wtf im fricken melting ! 
for fun my little sister enjoys wetting napkins and putting them in the freezer so they can \cool down her brain \"" 
keeblers .................. 
so supposedly in this < PROPFEMALE > myth the people of ireland thought it was a great idea to use whole mountains as missiles to kill the evil sea monster people XD 
this girl's car had a sticker that said \i drive like a cullen\ " and she was sooooooooooooooo fricken slow !!! " 
my legs are hurting randomly .......... omg ! am i finally growing !!! XDDDDDDDDDD 
EID MUBARAK EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD 
kharboozah !!!!!!!!!! XDyummmmmmmmmmmmmmyyy !!!!!!! 
haha i tripped XD TOES WILL BE FOES !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ew its monday :( 
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah ! i guess i don't haf to read 500 pages in 3 days XD 
my mom asks my little sister if she wants some more chicken breast and my little sister says \breast ? whose is it ? is it real ? \ " LOL XD " 
wow i feel like breaking a board right now ;) missin gyls everyday ..... 
we should take a trip now to see new places , I'm sick of this town , I see my face has changed , say hello , say hello to the angels 
haha yeah i found my keys !!! :) .......... now back to being bored 
ew chem test today :( 
is eating monkey brains with a spoon 
monkey see , monkey do , rather be dead than cool , every line ends in rhyme , less is more love is blind 
HELL YESS ! its friday :) 
wow 2day is awesome ! first i found my lost < PROPFEMALE > bar in my history book while walkin 2 lunch , then for dinner im having kofta chalow , sabzi , and some bonjon XDDDD 
forgot 2 feed mondo her carrots wtf :P 
hates being called lugaraka DX LOL 
went to < PROPFIRST > carrillo state beach 
im so happy cuz today i found my friends , they're in my head , im so ugly thats ok cuz so are you , broke our mirrors , sunday morning is everyday for all i care , and im not scared , light my candles in a daze cuz i found god 
no doubt ima still kill bryson LOL 
can't trust weather forecasting 
watching mondo's face when she drops her cookie on the floor : priceless 
i shud change my locker 
volleyball court or avocados ? hmmmmmmmmmmmm 
i can listen to helicopter by bloc party over and over and never get bored of it XD 
mrs. tamoto ! y did u hit me on da head ?! DX 
the < PROPFEMALE > looks awesome 2nite ! XD 
LOLz im watching samurai < PROPFIRST > XD 
i shud go back to making voodoo dolls LOL i just hate it when they randomly appear in places they shouldn't be :P 
i keep hearing noises downstairs DX sounds like someone is downstairs , too bad the knives r down there too LOL my house is making creepy noises 
was a bouncer for the day with co 
yeah ! i found my rubik's cube ! XD i am happy ...... 
too bad keeblers can't donate their blood :( phewy 
its fun to see mondo and co fight intensely for 15 minutes over who should get the soda from the fridge XD 
SNLSNLSNLSNLSNLSNLSNLbestshoweverrrrrrrrrrrr 
LOL they found a planet other than earth that humans can definitely survive on XD except its fricken a trillion < PROPMALE > away DX i shall invade and rename it KEEBLERLAND !!!!!!! who will join me ? 
and either way you turn\ 
I'll be there\ 
open up you're skull\ 
Climbing up the walls 
had an interesting conversation with a 3 year old at a shoe store 
safaa gave my little sister the choice of either going to costco with her or staying home with \boring madina\ " wow thanx safaa " 
i love cloudy days ;D 
YESS ! i just got my GYLS letter and i feel so fricken happy and miss all my friends at GYLS XD 
after solving the rubiks cube a bunch of times , ive realized im not really getting anywhere by doing this , so whats the point ? 
after noticing the paranor < PROPFEMALE > l activity 2 comercial came on i shrieked and jumped on the couch next to mindo and closed < PROPFEMALE > eyes LOL 
another essay on < PROPFIRST > manson ...... maybe ill do it next year too LOL 
all my songs were erased from my ipod and it refuses to let me add any music on FML 
haha i thought mrs. gunn was crazy .... then i got mrs. tamoto DX 
like this and nothing will happen 
who's gonna be red tomorrow ???? 
LIKE THIS AND I WONT TELL U THE TRUTH , I WONT TELL U TEN THINGS I LIKE ABOUT YOU , I WONT TELL U A CONFESSION , I WONT GIVE U A HUG , I WONT RATE YOUR LOOKS , PERSONALITY , HAIR , FRIENDS , OR ANYTHING !!!!!! ill just say hi 
foggylicious 
def leppard was on the radio so i turned it up loud , then my mom said \what r u doin ?! \ " and she turned it up louder LOL " 
fake plastic trees 
goin 2 corona 
i asked the guy\ 
why you so fly ? he said , \ 
funky cold medina 
it makes my day to see a big chunk of chapstick on my locker 
i guess im 5 , 1 not 5 , 3 anymore :( how did this happen ? WTFFFFFFFF 
for some odd reason my whole dream was on the debate of Native Americans having no split ends WTF 
lightnin up in here ! 
OH SHIT ITS HAILING ! 
ariyana says lightning means god is taking pictures LOL 
co says \call my pants mean one more time and ill slap yo face mindy ! \"" 
earthquake drill in 3rd period ? 
today i have learned there is an island called lesbos LOL i will add that to my places to visit after i visit titicaca XD 
watz wit da fireworks ?? 
yeah ! boolani and chai XD 
krap room 3 weeks :P 
\the more you know the more you kohls\ " wtf does that mean ?! " 
homecoming homecoming homecoming OMG wat did u do ? well i packed sum boxes did my hw and was forced to watch karate kid DX ...... u jealous ? 
yay i hav ants in my locker .......... all over my books ..... in my binder ........... now they're in my backpack 
packin packin packin fo kraproom XD good bye freeway ! :P 
< PROPFIRST > chaplin time traveler ?? 
YELLOW SHORTSSSSSSSSSS DX where r u ? 
i can't find yellow shorts soooooooooooooooo lo siento aaaaaaaaand plz don't kill me :P 
haha Women of Snl was sooooooooooooo funny XD i love that show ! 
i hate the valley ! especially reseda DDDDDDDX 
damn onions makin me cry ! 
my mom : if you get another B on your test I will take your ipod away\ 
me : laughing hysterically\ 
\ 
me : hey look i got a 98% ! \ 
my dad : bachem wat happened to the other 2% ? \ 
me : yeah i have an A- in science ! \ 
my dad : why don't you have an A+ ? 
y are they makin a movie on < PROPFIRST > bieber ? 
i was fried alive thanx to the school rally and the annoying kids behind me didn't help the situation either 
mom : hey you guys have thursday off isn't that great ! \ 
me and safaa : yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah\ 
mom : we can use that extra time to pack some more boxes ! \ 
me and safaa : noooooooooooooooo 
wow i found a noose in my garage , what should i use it for ? 
yea ! i finally went to the new super target !!! i felt lost the whole time LOL 
i will never get bored of watching dumb and dumber XD 
thanks to DLS i feel fully rested today XD 
WTF !!!!!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > palin has her own show ??? seriously ?! 
goin to corona and back within 6 hours , this will be fun XD 
\Canada sent us < PROPFIRST > bieber . Clearly they are declaring war . We should send them a bad singer from < PROPFEMALE > ... sorry miley < PROPMALE > .. ur goin to Canada\ " LOL " 
TUESDAY TUESDAY TUESDAY !!!!! XDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
i just wanted to say .... BYE IN N ' OUT !!! ill miss livin so close 2 u :( 
wood shop and stoners don't mix 
floating babies ....... 
i don't mean to stare\ 
we don't have to breed\ 
we can plant a house\ 
we can build a tree 
presentations start tomorrow in english , and i just started writing mine right now !!!!!! thx to the move im so far behind everything :( 
mom \how was the test ? Did you do good ? \ 
had my thanksgiving dinner with berinj and hummus , you jealous ? 
it sucks to be short in the lunch line :( 
like disco superfly 
its not fun gettin punched in the lunch line :( 
' a million poppies gonna make me sleep ' LOL 
Change your FB profile picture to your favorite cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy and paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
< PROPFEMALE > \would u eat < PROPFEMALE>'s toe for a million dollars ? \ 
the new driver licenses look weird 
< PROPMALE > \re-ply the toilet paper !!! \"" 
wow they said on the news that they caught < PROPFIRST > manson texting from prison D: a psycho serial killer texting someone outa prison is kinda scary , considering how he killed those pple by brainwashing other pple to do it , and on the fone he said \I've seen the world spinning on fire . I've danced and sang in the devil's choir . WTFFFFFFFFFFF " 
LA trade show in a week ! XD 
biggest loser finale , you can't get more dramatic than that 
its nice not living next to the freeway anymore :) 
its hard not to laugh when mr. riehl is talking 
its been like 10 months :( just 2 more weeks and my dad will be home :) 
yummy afghan food :) can't get enuff of that stuff 
december heat wave ?! 
soooooooo marzaar day friday ??? 
monday lunar eclipse :D \ 
hopefully its not cloudy like last year :/ \ 
and it probably will be :( 
\the Niagara falls of mullets\ " SNL " 
going 2 LAX tomorrow to pick up my dad XD\ 
its gonna be an awesome christmas :) 
stupid clouds coverin the eclipse !!!! this happened last time :( 
safaa- \put two random afghans in a room and they will find out they are distantly related \"" 
dad : in the tanks they make you wear big seatbelts that cover your whole body so if you get hit by a bomb you don't die\ 
ariyana : yea like the swings at the playground ! its like the same thing 
i thought my little sister was having a seizure when she found out she got a pillow pet fur christmas 
my little sister told me i eat like a manikin ..... wtf 
watching titanic fur the millionth time :P 
hiking to boney mountain or paradise falls XD 
side street cafe today ! XD 
my backpack is officially marzaar :P 
< PROPFEMALE > . 
ariyana : looks its Paty Kerry !!! \ 
me : you mean < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? 
i go to sleep with socks , a sweatshirt , and sweats with 4 blankets and one of them is a reeeeeeeeally thick one from afghanistan and im still cold @ nite !!!! sux how the heater in my room is not workin :( 
mah heater works !!!! :) 
\i poop brains like a boss and chorizos have eyes \"" 
out of all the weekends it has to be 80 this weekend !!! wtf 
as soon as you're born you start dying\ 
so you might as well have a good time 
interpol . playin . at . coachella . wish . i . could . go :( 
girl fell in fountain cuz she was too busy txting . now she is thinking about a possible lawsuit :P 
17 in a month XD 
\the psychos have no rest\ " < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Kephart Safaa Kaderi < PROPFEMALE > Klepper " 
single survival is like 6th grade math but waaaaaaaaaaaaay slower 
\Older men declare war . But it is the youth that must fight and die . \"" 
corny horror movies are the worst 
\i like my sugar with coffee and cream \"" 
should i hike to the beach on my birthday ???? 
stomach flu plz go away 
\trying to make ends meet\ 
even tho im not a < PROPFIRST > bieber fan , just bein 2 inches from him , goin 2 his premiere Never Say Never and meetin a bunch of movie stars tonite was pretty awesome .......... my ears still hurt from those girls screamin @ every single scene !!!!! 
poor cuddles :( 
changing schools ???! hope not :( 
ariyana : are you 17 yet ? \ 
me : my birthday is in two days\ 
ariyana : well hurry up ! you're taking so long ! 
costco samples XD 
hail ! XD 
can't wait to get out of this place 
< PROPMALE > of limbs XD 
ariyana's definition of jesus christ : \that guy who got hurt on the lowercase T \"" 
its kinda hard to do my hw when my mom is blasting Arabic music downstairs 
happy new year ! :D 
i didn't know cutting the fat off of meat slabs could be so entertaining lol 
was planning to hike at paradise falls today but ended up at zuma beach instead xD 
at times my cat sounds like an old person moaning or a goat , but never a like a regular cat 
gettin harrassed in chem .... everyday lol 
me : do you feel cold ? \ 
ariyana : I feel like crying . \ 
me : why ? \ 
ariyana : because I am cold . \ 
WTF 
today in chem i got the usual tormenting while at the same time my stuff got stolen and tossed around ...... jus gotta love that class :P 
New phone :D 
Makin a cake fur my awesome sister xD happy birthday dawwwg 
After I finished up painting my little sisters nails she decides that she doesn't like it and takes it all off wtf 
