I did enjoy myself very much , But My Chem ..... what happened when you looked and sounded amazing ? 

i just bought about 20 wands on the wizard game and it keeps taking my money but wont register that i bought any ! and so i buy more and the cycle of pissation continues 
my entire life was compromised and it seemed like nothing happened . my final day was like any other to me . taking a clarinet home was what it took to sink in too . how am i suppose to sleep when the entire life i knew is about to end in a finger snap ? 
slip and slides is the medicine to all problems lol . you cant have a bad day with one no matter how old you get . 
HOLY CRAP ! < PROPFEMALE > i love you . English ( pirate ) setting in your account information is amazing ! 
So my cell gets signal but not service . my computer at the house is shot . i am completly unreachable lol . but the good news is the phone company fixed the house phone so you can all call me ! and the road where the lightening struck is fixed too . 
yay computer works now 
well im off to get naked and play with chemistry . lets add hydrogen hydroxide and see what happens . apparantly im bored and dirty . 
so i just rewatched Dr. Horribles Sing Along Blog for a second time . it was still amazing . if you havnt seen it . youtube it . its amazing 
shoot im bored and most of you are attracitve . lets do this . Be COMPLETELY \ 
honest , you can ask me one question ( ONLY in my inbox ... that's the \ 
rule ) Any question , no matter WHAT or how CRAZY . I will answer no \ 
matter what . You have my full honesty .... but I DARE YOU TO PUT THIS \ 
AS YOUR STATUS and see what question you get asked ! :) 
i just love getting out of the shower and spending a few < PROPFEMALE > naked on the computer ! 
Moving to the campus on the 18th . Lets get together before I leave . 
one thing i have never done is beat god of war on its hardest setting . maybe i should replay the difficulty before trying to beat the last boss but im going to beat him today ! 
why is textsfromlastnight so amazing ? \ 
\ 
\(616 ): whoever threw up in my shampooo bottle is totally getting defriended on facebook . \ 
So the eye doctor called looking for my dad just now for something about me . And im still not old enough for the doctor to tell me what its about ? Im 19 ! 
\it glows . i have to have it . \ " how many of my friends have not said that at least once in the last two years ? " 
\please dont pick me up at the air port dressed like a terrorist . \ " new favorite pass time ! " 
i hate being tagged in chain message photos . all my updates are about people commenting the picture i havnt left anything on 
so if i was to get down on one knee right now , skip ever dating , sexual orientation , or how long ive known you , and asked you to marry me . how many of you would say yes ? 
so if you eat two peanut butter sandwiches at the same time . should you put another layer of peanut butter inbetween ? 
listening to the herculese sound track on my computer . amazing the disney cds you can find in your house lol 
I WANT CHOCOLATE MILK !!!!! \ 
but we dont have any chocolate milk mix .... \ 
or milk ..... \ 
dang ..... 
i just re enacted a jager bomb with pink lemonade and a shot glass of lemon juice . what is wrong with me ? lol 
well i beat both god of wars on their hardest difficulty settings as of last night .... now i have nothing to do that i can think of to pass the time until i move out ... crap 
gosh . the japanese poket monsters green games translations drive me insane !!! i cant tell the diffrence from pokemon red version so why didnt they release this when i was a kid ? 
just moved into my dorm , mom and < PROPFIRST > left . welcome to college life 
Why is there a trough in my diamonds ? 
its amazing how in 8th grade myspace was new and it was the total rage among the general population . five years later , facebook is here . my facebook < PROPFEMALE > is filled with updates within 8 hours . my myspace < PROPFEMALE > , almost 2 days . what happened people ? 
wow i cant beleive it took me three hours to make 6 graphs in chemistry 
poo my milks gone sour . and i was so looking foward to < PROPFEMALE > nut cheerios this morning 
woo ! four day weekend 
dorm room phone rang . scared the crap out of me . guess its fixed now lol 
You only miss someone when you realize you didnt catch their name the next morning . I miss you even when I'm standing right next to you . You dare ask me \What happened ? \ " \ 
its a sad day when the card oxygen beats both < PROPFEMALE > keller and aids in a game of apples to apples under the subject pure ..... 
i like how i lay down and i have abbs and i stand up and i have a gut . oh abbs ... where did you go ? 
why is my facebook only telling me about some recent updates two hours after it was posted ? maybe i was intrested in what they had to say ! 
oh my god P90X is a workout . i was shakey leged just go walk back to my dorm 
gosh writing this paper sucks . where are zach and < PROPFEMALE > to amuse me when im doing stuff like this ? 
god i hate monday mornings . class at 8 but fencing tonight at 7 woo ! 
my nostrils burn ! and im not quite sure if its the chemistrys fault or not lol . dehydrated calcum sulfate to see how much water there was in it . ( ClSO4+XH2O ) for all you science geeks like me lol 
so i have just read every current text on textsfromlastnight.com . why is this depressing to say ? 
where did i go wrong ? i had a paper with 1100 words . made a few changes . now its at 400 something .... i needed 1800 ... what just happened ? 
why is it so hard to pull 200 words out of nowhere when i got 1600 ? 
so after looking up various videos , i have come to the conclusion that DJ hero would only succeed in irritating me . why cant you just play songs in the origonal content ? 
word for the wise . do not take a year off from math and jump into a sophmore level college course . probably got a high C on that first exam , but you know what ? im going to study every day and ace that next one ! 
huh . so did you know you can audition for american idol online via Myspace ? maybe ill try out after my allergies clear . 
Raining down from the heavens in fits of rage our champion comes ! Halleluah ! \ 
that is my que for my epic missle rains on wild ones 
< PROPFIRST > hunger .... < PROPFIRST > smash !!!! RAWR !!!! I WANNA PLAY MORE BIRTH BY SLEEEEEEPPPPPP !!!!!!! 
LARPING BLADE ! 
mmmmm i hate mondays and its one day a week i have class before 10 lol 
yay i have 42 net ion equations to write for my chem lab . it took me about 40 < PROPFEMALE > to write the six required to leave the class ... this is going to be a long day . im starting to worry about my trig class =/ 
why is it things in my dorm only go bad when i really want some of what went bad ? last time it was milk when i wanted ceral . now its bread when i wanted a sandwhich ! 
alright . so im either about to go eat or throw up .... awesome 
i HATE chemistry . where is this applicable in my < PROPMALE > ? sadly probably a lot of places 
wow i feel horrible . lets hope i dont throw up in my lab 
so i just watched a behinds the scene video of the force unleashed 2 . it seemed quite literaly a starwars version of God of War . cant wait to jiggle those dual sticks ! 
yay i love when i study for two weeks and the test had about nothing that was in the study material or recomended reading -_- 
alright so ive been studing for five hours now ( yes do the math i got up at three -_-) and now im hungry so im going to go get some food . then maybe ill get another hour in before the midterm ! yay constant fear of failing ! love all you guys ! 
yay akward times ! sorry zach and cas . i didnt reallize i was that exposed when i did that ... 
GOD DAMMIT !!!! dont you hate it when you put two really small things in a cup so you dont lose them and then you knock the cup off your desk ? 
Maybe it's time to change\ 
And leave it all behind\ 
I've never been one to walk alone\ 
I've always been scared to try\ 
So why does it feel so wrong\ 
To reach for something more\ 
To wanna live a better life\ 
What am I waiting for ? \ 
' Cause nothing stays the same\ 
Maybe it's time to change 
how come no matter how many times i work a problem it never works on aries ? \ 
if im getting the answer wrong , this thing has no way of showing me how to do it right ! how do you get any better at a course your failing if you have no way to check your work ! GOD I HATE THIS CLASS ! 
so google \optimus prime di\ " in the search bar and i will guarantee optimus prime died for your sins will come up ! " 
remember guys , go argos\ 
wiggle three fingers 
there were a lot of people at the anime thing in organization jackets . just when i thought i had something cool for halloween lol 
dear ARIS homework .... \ 
if there is more than one correct answer , and you acknoledge that my answer is correct ... why is it wrong ? 
i hate double < PROPFEMALE > s and half < PROPFEMALE > formulas -_- i keep working them out but they dont make much sense 
is anyone else having trouble with their IM ? 
so its only been halloween for five and a half hours and ive already frightened three people with my costume lol 
alright so ive been operating on no sleep because ive been throwing up all night . i wonder if my day is going to get any better . 
huh to my clock is 11 < PROPFEMALE > ahead instead of six now .... i think i know why ive been late for trig the last couple of times lol 
how is it thursday and i still have 6 out of my 10 meal plans for the week still ? 
huh . so i think i left my phone at my house which means i will not be accepting any calls or texts for at least a few weeks . happy sailing ! 
yea hea ! guess whos a pirate at the ren fair ? aint zach thats for sure 
darn . its so impossible to program 15 hours with a 4.0 hour class and a 1.0 hour class i have to take 17 hours next semester to keep my scholarship . this is going to suck >_< 
crap . so i just found out that room inspections are this week so i need to clean my side of the room to look presentable and do the dishes because im the only one that does them -_- . and also a take home quiz in trig that i need to pretty much teach myself the material appeared in my inbox while i was at the ren fair for the weekend . fml 
And I Can't tell if your laughing . \ 
Between each smile there's a tear in your eye . \ 
There's a train leaving town in an hour . \ 
It's not waiting for you . \ 
And neither am I . 
Oh NOOOOOO !!!!!!!!! I am out of enchilladas in my dorm now . ='( 
i hate when i feel i got up early and i hit that realization that almost everyone i know is already up and been in class for an hour >_< 
heck yea ! i just found out i can play my clarinet and earn money while im here ! I feel great about my trig test , I can earn some quick cash ! \ 
only downside is is that im going to have to audition for a band thats only going to be at the < PROPMALE > 35 and all my music will be at pep rally like situations =/ 
yea you know that feeling when you spend over an hour driving around a town you dont know looking for a national park that the teacher swears \you cant miss\ " so you can get 10 points extra credit at the end of the semester ? I STOPPED FOR DIRECTIONS 4 TIMES AND THEY ALL LED ME SOMEWHERE DIFFRENT !!! \ 
Dear logic , \ 
Where are you and please explain to me why the General Chem 1 Class is full in the second semester where everyone should be signing up for Chem 2 ? 
wow it doesnt even feel like it was my last anthropology class of the semester . what is going on ? 
great . i just took out my trash and some chocolate milk or ice cream melted through my bag so i got this nastey brown puddle at the bottom of my bucket . worse news is it looks like im going to have to do some work with it to clean it instead of just soak it . FML 
for 7 grand you can own your very own meatwad hot air balloon ! \ 
adultswimstore.com! its amazing ! 
< PROPFIRST > don't wanna take exams this week ! I've been studying my butt off and it's still scary ! 
Is it really so complicated to understand how i cant stand to be under your complications ? 
I don't know how worried i should be for this exam . on one hand , the last test we had had nothing on it that i studied for . on the other hand , i pretty much missed every multiple choice and still got a B . So im nervous about studying the wrong stuff again but does it matter ? 
I hate when your nap is four hours longer than you wanted it =/ 
Am I the only one who is somewhat depressed that narwals tend to die in captivity ? I WANNA SEE ONE !!!! 
The bottom of the heel on my left bando is coming off in the most peculiar way .... should still last me some time though . but i have had these shoes for five years now . 
Dear Anthropology course , I loved you dearly . But now the final is over and I'm going to sell you and every other book to that other bull crap course Western Perspectives and relish in the probably $12 dollars I will get in rebate . Now I must study for my trig final . I ONLY HAVE TO MAKE A C TO PASS ! HOW HARD CAN THIS BE !!!!! God please don't say I jinxed myself . 
Alright there are like three people on my stream doing this so I guess I'll play . Send me a number and I'll honestly state how i feel about you . 
Dear 26 , \ 
I'm acctually a bit surprised at how close we have gotten this past year because I can still remember the first day of 7th grade where you openly stated how you couldnt beleive how many classes we had with this angry look O_o . lol But overall I'm glad . Your a sweet person and other than 7th grade I look back on the years and laugh . I hope we can still keep in touch and I see where life takes you . 
Dear 3127 ( How intresting a number ) , \ 
Where can I really begin ? You are the reason I made a Stickam and then also the reason I never got on it again when i could never catch you lol . You are really cute and always fun to talk to . I miss the days where I had to be Spiderman taking < PROPFEMALE > to her ball to get the kids to behave . ( I'm pretty sure that was you ) . 
Dear 1990 , ( You 90's kid you)\ 
I guess the best way to start off is you are my wife without a number . Not sure how you didn't get stuck in that joke because I love you so . You have one of the hugs I miss most and is one of my oldest friends . God knows how you put up with me . Military Ball was alway fun if not just trying to get you to laugh in Chorus . Shame you moved but its good reason for you to come see me soon ! 
Dear 313 , \ 
I can't say I know you too well to make this elaborate . You are cute which is why I added you and the few times we talked shows you have a fun personality . Your status updates make me feel that your life is right on the edge of having a good time . I hope to get to know you better and possibly < PROPFEMALE > out one day . 
Dear 984.3 \ 
Wow . When I call people some of my oldest friends I mean in the time I have lived in Florida . You truely are one of my oldest friends from when I was still sweet and innocent . lol . I missed you like crazy when I moved , we were close as brothers and competing at every little task . 
Dear 444 , \ 
I loves you to death even though you never let me poke you . I swear sometimes you pretend to love me to steal my ipod on chorus trips lol . = P I miss you bunches and i hope to see you soon ! 
Dear 100000000001.652 , ( The only number I had to copy and paste to make sure it was right)\ 
We are kindred spirits you and I . The times we have talked have shown me you are a modern gentalman and the true ladies man . You have the heads side of our coin . I enjoy most the jokes we can have with each other simply because of our name lol . 
Dear 77.7 , \ 
Although I can never understand your joy in < PROPFIRST > Beiber , it did bring me great joy to try to interupt his voicemail . You are fun to < PROPFEMALE > around even though we havn't done it that many times . You are a rather intresting character even among my choice of people . lol . I'm not real sure if there is much more to say but I bid you A due . 
Dear 19 , \ 
You are short . Now that we have that out of the way . lol\ 
You are a fun person to talk to and hard working . I could never get you off your work in Mrs. Barlows lol . Feels like we never got to spend enough time hanging out together so maybe one day soon we will . 
Dear 24 , \ 
You are my lovely wife and you are beautiful no matter how many times you argue lol . I honestly love you to death and I feel its a shame we don't < PROPFEMALE > out hardly ever any more . Moving all the time and graduating before me and such . lol I still love the military ball ever so much when we first started really talking . 
Dear 982647153.187 \ 
I hate you and your number because it wouldnt let me copy and paste so i had to manually write it down and I'm just really lazy . -_- \ 
Anyways . The years I've known you have been too few . I wonder if you undersatnd how crazy I really am because I never said as much when you were around lol . You are fun and i loves you . 
Dear 0515 , ( doesnt the 0 drop off ?.... )\ 
I feel we never spent the time we should have together . Probably with you graduating in my brothers class and all lol . You are very fun and I enjoyed the moments we had together . Stop being a stranger and acting like you droped off the edge of the earth and say hi once in a while lol . 
Dear 679.67 \ 
I just hate your face so much . -_- \ 
not really . i love you to death especially when im scaring you to death lol . I enjoy your hugs and it was a shame i had to graduate without you . We should < PROPFEMALE > out more . Stay gold pony .... girl ? Am I allowed to c < PROPFEMALE > e that phrase ? 
Dear 69 , \ 
You are a wonderful person and I enjoy all the years we spent hanging out and such with chorus and drama and whatever other activities we were in together to not give your identity away . But your parents scare me . They are agressivly nice to an extreme level and I do love them . I JUST DON'T WANT ANY DAIRY < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Lol . 
Dear 1337 , \ 
You are one rather intresting character . I love you and all the free swag you give me . But you tease just way to much by never being here lol . All seriousness , you are a fantastic person , weve gotten along since day one , and I've only wanted to kill in you scenerios where you well armed . I hope we never get to far apart because im definatly going to bother you for years to come . Now do the dishes . 
Dear 626 , \ 
Seriously , we never < PROPFEMALE > out enough ! I didn't mean to make you feel unwanted last time , i just like to talk to lots of people . You are real fun and pokeable = D . \ 
We should definatly try to take some classes together at some point ! 
Dear 17.9 , \ 
You are just absolutly beautiful and I love you to death . It's always a pleasure to be around you when it was in the bandroom , at your house , or even in the halls trying to get you your daily hug . In all honestly I used to have the biggest crush on you too lol . It sucks not being able to see you all the time this semester and I need to start texting you again because I miss you ever so dearly . 
Dear 1293 , \ 
I adore you to an extreme degree even though we have never really met ! You are my bat crazed lover and I hope we get to < PROPFEMALE > out one day ! I look forward to your next messages all the time and every time it brings a little smile . Then the competitions shall resume as i prove my superiority ! Muhahahahahaha ! I loves you more , face it . lol . 
Dear 666 , \ 
You are one crazy person ! The month I pretty much spent living with you was one of the best experiences of my life . You are extremly funny and extremly formidable when playing Egyptian Rat Screw . I still look back on the days and laugh knowing that the shape of a storm troopers laser on stun mode isnt orange . I would love to get back to that job one day when im not takeing classes over the summer again . 
Dear Zwei ! It's the < PROPMALE > number 2 , ( acctually what they sent me . )\ 
You are the friend that our friends tried to play matchmakers with lol . We never did go on that date either . You are funs and awesome to < PROPFEMALE > around the few times we have acctually seen each other lol . 
Yay , the last and scariest final in 9 hours ... 
\Were Americans ! We don't give up when were wrong 
Trig final in 3 1/2 hours =/\ 
I've been studying all night and I'm still worried about failing . 
You know why most romantic stories and movies have parts dealing simply around a magnificent sunset ? It is merely because you as an individual never take the time to watch one themself . I spend days watching sun rises but cannot recall the last that I have seen a sun set , so I must presume most of you do the same thing and even more whitness either . 
I can't beleive I'm acctually halfway begging for at least a C on my final . I know I didn't make an A but come on ! Lets have some standards ! So I have the bare minimum ability to talk and I've been awake since 8 PM . I halfway hate my life right now . 
Dear 6972 , \ 
I loves you ! Ever since the days where we all took advantage of your pokilishness its been a blast being your friend . Most of my favorite memories since I moved to florida has had you laughing right along side me . Your entire family is amazing and you've been a great influence on me . 
Just got done watching Cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of Meatballs . Whats with the puffy face kiss ? It's crazier than that blind black lady in The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog ! 
Today sucks ! What am I suppose to do all day ? No classes to study for but I don't leave til tomorrow ! 
\Are you saying I'm a liar ? \ " \ 
Yay ! I get to go home tomorrow ! And move in on the 4th ! And become poor on the 10th ..... darn . 
Coming home today = ) 
I am now home until the 4th . Let the love begin ! 
Just made brownies and i didnt even want any . i just wanted to lick the bowl when i was done lol . but im sure ill eat them still once they come out of the oven . 
\I've got troubles oh and a self esteem to match 
So I am talking to a girl on another website who is claiming to be single and we have been talking for some time and today I get a message from some guy claiming to be her fiance . She claims still she doesn't know him . What are some of your peoples insite on this ? 
Don't take the silence for confustion , I was just trying to kill you with my mind . 
\I've never played a more sexually-tense game of Uno in my life . \ " \ 
\Life won't wait for you but life is only worth living when you're beside me . \ " \ 
When Hell is in your head , how do you know the demons arn't really leading the dance ? 
Ha ! I just made this status on a Nook . This is going to be cool when I get ebooks on it . 
While I am thinking about it . I have a new phone so i need your < PROPFIRST > if you want me to have it . My number is still the same for those that have it . \ 
Message me ! 
Dear Nook , \ 
I am slowly growing to hate you with your touch screen that refuses to light up but still registers my touch . I also hate your representatives . Either there are only like 3 people operating the phones or a lot of people are having trouble because I have been listening to elevator music for a while . 
You know that feeling where someone you dont recognize sends you a message talking like you used to talk to them a long time ago and you just don't care because they are really cute ? yea .... lol 
Without you I'll be miserable at best . 
\Some of us sailors call her home . \ 
I got a bulletproof heart . you got a hollow point smile . 
God I just bought all my books . It was the same price as last semester but the books were much lighter . =/ 
So $40 fell out of my card holder thing when I swiped myself in the building . Where did that come from ? 
God you go a semester hardly ever getting up before 9 and waking up at 7 sucks . Yay couldn't sleep til about 2 -_- 
I am off to stab some of my friends with shiney , pointy sticks . Oh what fun . 
I'm tired of all of us trying to separate ourselves from ourselves , within ourselves . \ 
It's time we stand up and say \I am an American\ " and we all start to work together to build ourselves a better future ! \ 
Everyone should add a game called crazy planets . I don't care if you ever play it but I want the daily metals I can claim from your planets . 
Once again . Everyone please add the game crazy planets . I don't care if you ever play , I just wan't to get the daily metal bonus so I can make amazing weapons . I'm a powerful character to have on your team . 
I love when ugly girls post slutty pictures of themselves to make them feel pretty ! I don't want to see that much on a lot of attractive girls , much less you -_- What ever happened to when people had respect for themselves at least on a public level ? 
