spent this New Years < PROPFEMALE > in the company of friends and the presence of loved ones . So why do I feel so alone ? 

Rest in peace Ghostface . I'll never forget you . ? - July 4 2009 
just watched Choke , and wondered why they didn't go with < PROPFIRST > Fincher ? 
craves the flesh .......... mmmmm ... flesh . 
I am my own God . We are here to unlearn the teachings of the church , state , and our education system . We are here to drink beer . We are here to kill war . We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us . 
Is gonna eat your brains and gain your knowledge ! 
wants to know : Should I go with the flow or piss on the campfire ? 
Dead on my feet !!! >.<' 
made the mistake of assuming that the court appointed psychiatrist was his \Friend \"." 
would like to thank < PROPFIRST > O'neil's for the alcohol poisoning last night !!! 
would like to thank everybody for the warm birthday & dethday wishes ! 
thinks that the last few days were like that Ice Cube track . 
thinks that with the combination of coffee , Skid Row tracks , non-stop gaming , and garlic roasted pistacho nuts , he might be having a surreal hallucination of the culmination of his life . 
LET THE TURKEY MASSACRE BEGIN !!! AND LET NO PERSON RUIN IT !!!! 
We have feasted on the bodies of our victims , and drank from their skulls with gratitude . Now let us see the < PROPMALE > and the Prey , and ponder the sacrifices of each . 
Had waaaaaaay too much fun this weekend ! 
Has something to say , \I ate a baby today ! \"" 
It's a < PROPMALE > for new choices , new decisions , new mistakes , and new triumphs , Happy New Year !!! 
saw AVATAR in IMAX 3-D ........... and my eyes are still bleeding from pure awesomeness ! 
want's to learn how to get rid of blood stains . 
Can I get a little survey going ........ Who agrees that obituaries would be more interesting if they mentioned how people die ? 
thinks part of a best friend's job should be to immediately clear your computer history if you die . 
Was learning cursive really necessary ? 
is only happy when it rains . 
Bother me tomorrow , today I'll find no sorrow . 
Would you rather have butter or guns ? Preparedness makes us powerful ... butter merely makes us fat . 
If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy , which one would you think liked dolphins most ? I'd say Flippy , wouldn't you ? You'd be wrong though . It's Hambone . 
My nips are so hard from the cold they could cut glass ! 
Blow ye winds , like the trumpet blows , but without that noise . 
took a nice trip down Palolo Ave this morning .. and has the scabs to prove it ! 
is glad that the tsunami passed and everyone is safe . Let's just hope the same for Chile . 
Back from Cali and feelin ' good to be home ! 
I found out today that they're making a movie about The Runaways , starring < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Fanning ............. Let's just hope that she wont react to the breakup like she did in Twilight . 
I'm having Puter ' troubles >.< ! 
Had a pretty decent day , till on the way home I had to help this hysteric woman with blood all over her shirt and face pleading with me to protect her from the abusive boyfriend . Mood kinda went south after that . 
off to get my drink on at the block party . For those going i'll see you at O'TOOLE'S! 
Went hiking at Maunawili today , fell 50 feet on my ass at the falls . I gotta say it was a good day . 
Reeling from injuries ............... found a new bruise when I tried to use the toilet . 
Where is my mind ..... 
Dilema , dilema . Do I stay home , read a book and save money . OR , go out all night , possibly spend the rest of my savings , and hopefully end up in a life threatening situation ? 
Saw the Doolin ' Rakes at O'Tooles , and they just keep getting better everytime I see them . 
It's the last day of the Kon tomorow , I swear on Liam Neeson , I will meet < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Bosch ! 
Pickles !!!! 
Looking foward to the island cruise tomorrow . 
Boy you said it Chewy ! May the 4th be with you ! 
Is feeling the financial clamps slowly being remonved from his testicles . ^_^ 
R.i.P. < PROPFIRST > Hopper . We'll see you at that big Mardi Gras in the sky ! 
I had an epiphany today - Pandas are the only spcies of bear that are vegetarian . Maybe thats the REAL reson they're becoming extinct , chronic Vaganitis ! 
FUCK YOU < PROPFIRST > RICHMAN ! I LOVE YOU ! 
Oh so its normal when you wanna eat pig's feet , but when I wanna try calf brains i'm the freak ? FASCISTS !!!!! 
I see a red door and I want to paint it black . 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family member , or friend \ 
whohas lost the battle with Cancer and in Honor of the ones who continue\ 
to conquerit ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who \ 
has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I ...... did .... will \ 
you ? 
About to embark on a treacherous journey . MITSUKEN GARLIC CHICKEN !!!!! 
I need to get thru the Battle.net or I'm gonna start putting holes into things or people indiscriminately !!!!! 
( Inaudible silence ) 
Who will help dispose of the body ? 
Just got word that they're making a SANDMAN tv series ............... Bless you < PROPMALE > Gaiman and CW for extending my reason to live ! 
Falling down is not defeat . Not getting up is ! 
Should I be worried when thoughts of anger and violence put me to sleep ? 
Rest easy for now < PROPMALE > 24/7 , but I'll be back and with a bigger appetite ! 
FREE AT LAST ! FREE AT LAST ! 
I'm feeling very conflicted at this point in time , 4.0.1 has turned my world upside down . 
Say what you're gonna say ! Go ahead and label me an asshole cause I can accept responsibility , for what I've done but not for who I am 
You can suck my culo chica ! - < PROPFEMALE > Lopez 
MUST FIND THE OLD 96'ER!!!!! 
Why does Halloween feel like Christmas to me ? 
After a nice pouring rain I feet refreshed and reborn ! 
I'M SO EXCITED RIGHT NOW I'D COULD DESTROY EVERYTHING IN MY PATH ! ^.^ 
RAWR !!!! ^.^ 
Just jacked the Headless Horseman's ride ! Pretty happy with myself at the moment !!! 
I wish it would rain harder . 
In Vegas right now , TITS ! 
In Vegas right now , watching Netflix . TITS ! 
Had a session at UNLV Judo last night , body is sore and tired , but I met some awesome ppls there RAWR ! 
Happy Halloween , Monsters ! 
Can't Remember the last time I had such a great time on my birthday ! Much love to my friends for having me , and just as much to my FB friends for the awesome birthday wishes ! LOVE TO ALL ! 
Stuck in airport purgatory ! 
Finally back in Hawaii , just need to land on the right island ! >.< 
My body lies in bed , but in Vegas lies my heart and my head ! O_O 
Remember , Remember ........ 
I find it kind of funny , I find it kind of sad , the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had . 
Anyone know how to tune a 12 string ? 
Where are all good men dead ? In the heart or in the head ? 
Considering if Tofurkey is a viable alternative .... 
Holidays are here . \ 
Joyous love and giving now . \ 
Hope I get a gun . 
Haiku's in my blogs\ 
Describing my holidays\ 
The Turkey is ate . 
The turkeys revenge\ 
Temperature 102\ 
Uvula enflamed . 
What can I get for 10 dollah .... 
14 hours and twelve minutes until ... 
8 hours and 41 minutes . . . . . 
Snuck into Gilneas ...... nobody was home . o_o 
I despise the world today . 
Life is suffering - That fat bald guy 
Wanted : Polynesian or pacific Asian female to < PROPFEMALE > in an erotic retelling of the overthrow of the Hawaiian monarchy . 
CARPE DIEM QUAM MINIMUM CREDULA POSTERO ! 
Now begins the waiting game . . . 
6 hours waiting in line , who's cool now ? 
I found the sweet spot ! 
Blinded by pure awesomeness !!! 
Moving day yay ! 
CRAP !!! Sick again . >,< 
Feels like I have a fist in my throat , sleep non-existent , the highlight of my day : watching someone take a holiday dive off their lanai . 
I have found my inner Ralphie ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! \ 
( I'm gonna go be depressed ) 
This morning was like viewing life through a tinted lens , and it was beautiful ! 
\Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children\ " . < PROPFIRST > Makepeace Thackeray " 
I find myself sitting in my car trying to motivate me to do something . ( Similar to < PROPFEMALE > Benning in American Beauty ) 
Memo to the rain : Why'd you stop ? 
Memo to the rain : Thanks for coming back , you're awesome ! 
Going through Lightning withdrawl . 0_0 
Change the scheme ! Alter the mood ! Electrify the boys and girls if you'd be so kind . 
Saturday , Kaneohe ride ! 
At the 1st annual Hawaii Lunch Wagon fair , what did I end up eating ?....... Crepes ! 
Moving+Depression+Isolation = Cutting wrists with packing tape 
A cancer patient only has one wish & that's to get better . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour . 
Moving sucks ! I can't decide whether to take my cookware or my Zombie Emergency < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I'm Fricken bored ! Someone save me ! 
Finger gun to my temple .... click , pew !!! 
bleh . . . . . . 
I don't negotiate with emotion terrorists ! 
Damn you Insomnia , one day the tables will turn and you'll be the one that can't sleep !!! 
You musn't be afraid to dream a little bigger darling . 
If Valentines Day is in commemoration of the Saint Valentines that were martyred , shouldn't we be throwing rocks instead ? 
Why is it I can fall asleep standing on the bus , but when I'm lying comfortably in bed insomnia-a-plenty !? 
Legendary performance tonight !!!!! A quick change of clothes , a couple of car bombs , and I'm on my way , I'm on my way ...... 
Sometimes I feel alone . Some days are long and hard . But when I look out into the world I am struck by the impossible beauty of it all . Those billions of magnificent accidents that led us to where we are today , that led us to paper planes and nautilus shells and the < PROPFEMALE > crooked smiles of children . When I think of everything in the world I have faith that one day a warm light will flood over me and I will find peace . 
Crap !!! My Sunday is shot to SH*T !!!!! 
I've become a Mythbuster , Twinkies do have an expiration date ! 
Am I mad ? 
There's a hole in the bucket ... 
**** ME I'M < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
If you must resort to violence , then you've already lost . - Cpt . < PROPFIRST > Connor 
