Happy New Year ! 

Saw Avatar , very awesome movie ! Also rented Funny People , which had a good premise , good story , but the scenes all dragged on for way too long . 
Damn , thinking I'm losing the fight with this cold ! 
Got this from another friend : Call the Nestle Crunch Hotline at 1-800-295-0051 . When you are asked if you want to continue in English or Spanish , just wait quietly for about 10 seconds and you will laugh your butt off ! Keep going and press 4 ; listen to the options ... then press 7 . FUNNY FUNNY ! 
Yay ! < PROPFIRST > passed his training and is now an official shift coordinator ! 
got a new 6 week old solid black kitten today ! Now , what to name him ??? 
< PROPFIRST > named our new < PROPFEMALE > Zeus ! 
Yay ! Ultrasound tomorrow afternoon ! 
It's a girl ! 
Lol , well , since some people are new to my list ( or not been paying attention to my status updates :P ) I'm expecting a baby girl , due 12/7/09 ! 
Omg , so , someone from home , as in Southern Indiana , does little , < PROPFEMALE > , church-on-every-corner Owensville , really have some sort of swinger's club ? 
Thanks for all the well wishes ! And offers of baby ....... um , stuff . :P 
So , all my Southern Indiana friends , I'm going to be in the Evansville area August 1 & 2 !! Free up time to see me ! Will be at the Watermelon Festival ! 
is going to the zoo tomorrow ! 
is going to the zoo today ! 
is worn out ! 
In Evansville for the weekend ! 
is back home and in need of sleep ! Had a great time though ! 
Please think of my sister-in-law < PROPFIRST > in Wisconsin , she's broken her leg in 2 places and has to have surgery in the morning . She was leaving for her first year of college in 6 days ........ 
Any one know if there's any resources out that to help someone with hypothyroidism breastfeed longer ? 
Hey , everyone ! I've got a registry started at Babies R Us , if anyone wants to take a look at it . Starting to work on planning a baby shower , so if you want an invite , please make sure I have an address or other preferred method of contact to send an invite or e-invite ! 
So , I asked my dad for a favor , nothing life threatening , just something that would cost him nothing and make something easier for us and got the usual speech about everything is better if done on your own and if you can't do it on your own , you shouldn't be doing it . He's the only person I have ever known who thinks asking for help is a sin and a weakness . I've actually hurt numerous people because of how far 
Had our second ultrasound to check on the location of the placenta , which is 2 cm away from the cervix , which is apparently good enough to not be an issue , and I'm ok to try VBAC ! I've uploaded pics , but I'm afraid she's still rather camera shy and insists on sticking her arm in front of her face . 
No one should die because they cannot afford healthcare and no one should go broke because they get sick . Congress MUST overhaul the US healthcare system . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Hey , I need responses from prospective baby shower invitees ! What's a better date ? October 10 or 24 ? 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Swayze ! 
Saw an advertisement on a car's back window today : Traveling Tattoo Shop 
\Fear is the original sin . Almost all the evil in the world has its origin in the fact that some one is afraid of something . \ " L.M. Mongomery-The Blue Castle " 
Had a great time out for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday last night ! Little tired from taking care of the two drunk people I brought home , but now I have fun stories of things they probably don't much remember ! :P 
Heading out to Pagan Pride Day shortly ! Site of last year's wedding , excited to be celebrating our One Year Anniversary tomorrow ! 
is feeling all worn out ! 
Had a great anniversary dinner with my wonderful husband last night ! 
On Week 30 , just 10 or less weeks to go ! 
Anyone else noticing that when the menu says \chicken strips\ " what they really mean is slightly oversized chicken nuggets ? " 
When's everyone going to the Ren Faire ? 
Had a great time at the Ren Faire , but got so cold we had to buy me a cloak ! Matched my dress really well , in cotton < PROPFEMALE > , so not a bad purchase . 
Also found a nice new Italian restaurant , Sangiovese Ristorante . It was very nice and romantic and wonderful food , but should note , not kid friendly ! 
Some people are so strange ....... Bumper sticker seen today ........ \Global Warming - It's the Sun stupid ! \ " He had two of these . " 
So , a few days ago , the baby went from horizontal to verticle so now everytime she twitches I feel it across my bladder ......... Also causing me some new joint pain . Sigh , but otherwise , it's good that she's where she's supposed to be and active . 
Hey , everyone ....... I've not told many people about this cause I didn't want a lot of fuss and worry and what not , but ....... Well , a few weeks ago , < PROPFIRST > found a lump on his left testicle . After seeing the doctor and having an ultrasound of it , they've decided it's not an absess and are treating it as though it were testicular cancer , which means they are removing it tomorrow . 
Thanks for everyone's good wishes ! 
Taking < PROPFIRST > in for surgery shortly , will post again when we return . Thanks again for your thoughts ! 
Finally back home ! He's cranky , will post more later . 
Yay , baby shower day ! < PROPFIRST > also got to take off his surgical dressings and shower , very exciting for him ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s urologist just called with the pathology report , and it was not benign . < PROPFIRST > can't remember exactly how to say what it was , but he's going to need a round of chemo . 
Trying out Google Chrome ! 
Yay , 36 weeks ! Four weeks or less today ! So ready to be over the pelvic joint pains , Braxton-Hicks contractions , sciatica and most especially , the increased emotions and random crying that I've been doing . None of these things happened with my first two pregnancies ! :P 
Not sure that I'd remember to write down every single day something that I'm thankful for , but right now , I'm very thankful that my cousin , < PROPMALE > , was unharmed by the shooting at Ft . Hood , where I just found out he works , though he's not enlisted in the army anymore . 
How is it that a man can be such an organized , multi-tasker at work and for other people and so damned utterly incapable of using those same skills for his own life ? 
Yay , 37 weeks ! Three weeks or less ! 
So , at my routine OB appt , I learned that she's got her head and back up along the top of my tummy , she's got an extremely low amount of amnio fluid , my blood pressure is a bit higher than usual , but her non-stress test was good . Still , because it wouldn't be good if something went wrong , we're doing a C-Section today . Have to be at the hospital ( St. < PROPMALE > Women's ) around 2pm , procedure at 4/ 4:30 pmish . 
Calls afterwards can be to either my phone ( 317 ) 445-2715 or < PROPFIRST > ( 317)938-8378 or to St. < PROPMALE > Women's Hospital ( 317 ) 415-8111 
Ariyanna < PROPFEMALE > Touketto born November 25 , 2009 at 5:33 p.m. Birth size : 19 in and 6lbs 7oz . 
Came home last night . Soooooo , glad to be home ! And gods bless whoever invented Vicodin ! 
Pictures loaded , video clip not wanting to upload , yet , though . Going to go and attempt the whole bedtime thing now ...... 
Thanks for all the well wishes ! I love you guys ! 
Baby's got her first check up tomorrow morning at 8:30 am . 
Getting ready to study for a psych test ! Hopefully some information sticks in my brain ! 
Just turned on the heater for the first time this season ! 
So , what do my kids call my cousins ? I've never understood how the whole second cousins or the once removed designations worked . 
Uhg , I can't figure out which is better : live feed or news feed . I seem to miss updates no matter which I pick ! 
Ariyanna is two weeks old today ! 
So , our kitten Zeus likes to put things in the toilet ......... 
Sigh , so , < PROPFIRST > found my first silver hair this week ! 
Hmmm , not sure what I think about < PROPMALE > Crowe and Cate Blanchette as < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ariyanna had a great check-up today ! She is now 20 1/2 in and 7 lbs 2 oz . Dr says he's amazed at how alert and calm she is . Also said she was perfect ! :) 
Little baby girl is already 3 weeks old ! 
So , < PROPFIRST > rented World's Greatest Dad with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > tonight . We were all expecting a fun comedy . Still not sure what I think of it , yet . Has anyone else seen it ? 
Having one of those days where it's not that anything's gone wrong , just that it's not , exactly , gone well . 
loves seeing all the pretty snow ! 
Good bye 2010 , you were an alright year in some ways , but .... Welcome 2011 ! Hope you're better ! Happy New Year , Facebook friends and family ! 
Sigh , only going to be on sporadically for a bit while we move to a bigger apt this week ! Starting today . Brrrrrrrr ! 
Poor little baby had 3 shots at her check-up today ! But she's up to 8lbs 10 oz and 22 in ! :) She's < PROPFEMALE > but growing ! 
? (?????) ? This little Alien wishes to see our world , cut and paste him on your status so he can travel ...... He is now in ... Fishers , IN 
If you are a wife , that has a wonderful husband that works so hard and would give up anything just to give to you , then repost this ... Thank God(s ) for him . I love my husband with my whole heart . I love you !!! 
I find it highly entertaining when the 8 year old makes a reference about back when he was a kid ........ 
Our Peyton , who < PROPMALE > in Indy , Hallowed be thy arm . Thy Bowl will come , it will be won , in Miami as it was in 07 . Give us this Sunday , our weekly win , And give us many touchdowns , but don't let the evil Jets score against us . Lead us not into frustration ; But deliver us a Super Bowl , for thine is the dynasty , the NFL's best , and the < PROPFEMALE > of Indy forever . 
< PROPFEMALE > , it's only 8 degrees outside ! 
is very glad to be in a nice warm home ! 
waiting for < PROPFIRST > to make it home safely from work ! 
I love financial aid money arrival time ! Off to do some shopping ! 
So , the new facebook photo uploader keeps causing my browser to crash ........ 
Finally got some new baby pics uploaded . Sorry if they seem a little repetitious , but I couldn't decide which faces were cutest ! 
Why does facebook just randomly go off of most recent to whatever the other setting is ? 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
My body is not perfect but I nurtured 3 babies and I'm proud ! Too bad if we dont look perfect but every < PROPFIRST > , every line , and every bit of skin represents our beautiful babies and what we have done for them . Having a baby is no easy task , we are strong , we are brave and we should be proud of ourselves . Put this as your status if your a proud Mom . 
• . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTERS ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • Beautiful INSIDE and OUT !!! Mommy loves u girls :~) 
Kids outgrow our laps , but never our hearts ...? Put this on your status if you have the most ? Awesome ? kids ? in the world !! 
Hey , for my Pagan friends , I was thinking of having the kids set up altars in their rooms , and I've talked to them about it and they like the idea . So , any suggestions on kid friendly ( ie difficult to break and/or not expensive ) things to put on them ? 
If you have a wonderful man in your life who would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest , faithful and committed men out there the recognition that they deserve . Great men are few and far between , and I am grateful I have one of them 
Repost : Solve fo i 9x - 7i > 3 ( 3x-7u ) 
So , our half grown kitten is a little monster , in fact we keep him in a crate at night and when we aren't at home . But he has his redeeming qualities . For example this morning , we found him in the kitchen playing with something he'd found . A very valuable ring I'd been missing since before we'd moved . No idea how or where he found the thing ! 
Having a bit of a rough time with a personal matter , would appreciate some positive energy ! Had an unhappy last day of winter , but I'm glad spring is finally here ! 
Happy Ostara ! 
So tired , but Ariyanna's awake and not interested in going back to sleep ! 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend . 
So , I've mentioned my kitten Zeus is a bit dumb , right ? And I think I've mentioned that Stupid has a crate for at night and when we're out , yes ? Well . The crate came with this divider that we don't use and just had it up against the wall in an out of the way place for lack of a better place to stick it . And last night , somehow or another , Zeus got one the \hooks\ " on it stuck in his mouth . " 
I hate my econ class . So glad there's only like a month left ! 
If you have a husband that makes you laugh , that you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , who is your world , and a man that you can thank God every night for . Copy and Paste this to your profile with your anniversary date . September 27 , 2008 
Just a thought ... so < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? REALLY ??... Feel free to copy and paste if you agree ! 
I think it's funny how each of my three children have had three different ways of beginning to be mobile . < PROPFIRST > rolled everywhere for a while and then did the army crawl before walking . < PROPFEMALE > learned to roll over , but almost immediately started working on crawling on all fours . Ariyanna has been doing a combination of a half roll half squirm , rolling and something resembling a crab walk . 
OK I ADMIT , I'M A HANDFUL !!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status .. 
\Santa's < PROPFEMALE > Castle is giving away Holiday World tickets on facebook . Check it out ! \"" 
by the bedside or under my desk 
So , apparently , little baby doesn't like the wearable blankets anymore . They make it hard for her to roll over , so then she wakes up and gets grumpy . Or , at the least , just awake for a while at like 6am ! 
There's just something about the wind that makes me feel alive ! 
Happy Beltaine/First of May ! 
I'm sooo not a morning person ! 
Thinking about my poor darling , who didn't get home from work til 4am last night and bad to be back there at 9:30 am this morning ! 
Looking forward to an fun evening with friends and family ! 
Had a great evening , now for some sleep ! 
Happy Mother's Day ! Hope all my mommy friends are having a great day , or that it gets better even if it started out a little < PROPMALE > ! 
I love my husband ! Not only did he remember Mother's Day this year , well , for me and not just his mom , he got me flowers ! And not just flowers , he got me a lilac bush ! :) 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's aman\ 
wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND \ 
and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how \ 
wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there'sa man wishing he \ 
could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man \ 
stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wallif you're against \ 
Domestic Violence . 
Woot ! The final grade for the worst class ever finally posted ! And I've got a 4.0 for my first year back in college ! 
Lol , my grandmother who's in her late 80's just got a gmail account ! And in other news , my little baby has figured out how to get up on her hands and knees with her head up , now she's working on balancing and not falling over face first ! 
Got a husband who makes your life interesting\ 
and fun , who is your best friend , who has been with you through \ 
thick and thin ( this includes your waist line ) , who has been a \ 
blessing in your life and who you are proud to be married to ? Post \ 
how many years then copy and paste this to your status . Married 1 1/2 \ 
yrs 9/27/2008 . 
I have no problems with spiders .... as long as they remain nicely unseen . I swear the things are freaking stalking me because they know I don't like it . I think we've found at least one every day for the last week ! 
Let's see who is paying attention ... Every \ 
singleone of you on my Friends list is a result of a conscious decision . \ 
Iam not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see\ 
who in my Friends list actually pays attention ... Copy and paste this in\ 
your status . I will be watching to see who does it WE ARE FAMILY !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > , feeling sluggish today ! 
If you have a wonderful man that works hard\ 
2take care of you , would do anything 4 you , that makes you laugh , \ 
that'syour best friend , who you want 2 grow old with , who is your world \ 
& someone that you're thankful 4 every night , then post this as your \ 
status 2 give the good men out there the recognition they deserve , \ 
because great men are few & far between . 
I might not be beautiful or the \ 
sexiest .. Nor have the perfect body .. I might not be anyones first \ 
choice .... But I am a GREAT choice ... I dont pretend to be someone \ 
else ... Cause I am too good at being ME ... I might not be proud of some of\ 
the things I've done ... but I am proud of who I am today . Take me as I \ 
am or don't take me at all ! ~ Copy & post this as your status if you \ 
love to live your life being you ! ?. 
My little baby must be a homebody ! She was tired and grumpy at her grandparents ' house , but she's all happy and wandering around on the floor now that we're back home ! 
As of today , there is a NEW PRIVACY setting called\ 
\Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-Facebook websites\ 
Go to your profile < PROPFEMALE > scroll all the way \ 
to the bottom on the left side in little blue letters it says \ 
\English\ " .. Click on it and then select \ " English pirate\ " Watch what \ 
Blah , way too early to be up , especially on a Sunday ! But there's no telling little baby that ! 
Looking forward to going < PROPFIRST > picking with the kids at < PROPMALE > Farms in Noblesville at 12pm ! 
Soooo , tired . Can't wait for little baby's first nap of the day so I can go back to sleep , too ! Hopefully , today , something doesn't wake her up when I'm putting her back in her crib causing her to think she was supposed to be awake still ! 
Little baby is 6 months today ! She's 25in and 11lbs 13oz . Still just a little bitty thing , but all proportional ! 
\Like\ " this status 
People\ 
take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness . Just because they're\ 
not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost . -- His Holiness \ 
the 14th Dalai Lama 
Poor little baby has an ear infection ! There's a lot of grumpiness and a lot of sleeping ! Hopefully , her antibiotic kicks in asap ! 
Thank you so much for all the birthday wishes ! I love you guys ! 
I've got a little , < PROPFEMALE > wobbling crawling baby ! 
Lol , little baby is so funny . She recognizes when Mommy and Daddy are eating and gets real mad if she thinks she's not getting something , too ! 
OH , woe , woe , woe , poor little newly mobile baby has discovered she can't go quite everywhere she thinks she should be able to go . Poor little angry baby ! 
Damn < PROPFIRST > Quest 2 ! 
So last night , little baby giggled in her sleep ! How neat is that ? 
I think , that maybe , little baby is teething ! 
Little baby pulled herself up to stand with the couch today for a couple of seconds before I said something .... Then she fell over . 
Only after the last tree has been cut down , \ 
Only after the last river\ 
has been poisoned , \ 
Only after the last fish has been caught , \ 
Only\ 
then will you find that money cannot be eaten . \ 
Cree Prophecy 
Well , it is official . < PROPFIRST>'s restaurant had their lease bought out and will be closing July 23 ! He's thinking about trying to get back into IT , so let me know if anyone knows of any IT type job openings or restaurant assistant managers . 
Took little baby to the pool for the first time today . Spent about an hour , came home and she crashed like a little wave ! 
Had an awesome dinner and evening hanging out with friends ! Soooo , tired now though ! 
Happy Father's Day ! 
Blah , gotta get up at 6:45 am to take < PROPFIRST > to Cub Scout Day Camp and little baby is refusing to sleep . I think she's excited about having < PROPFIRST > home , too ! :) 
Day 2 of getting up way too early ! Nice storms lately though ! 
Omg , so tired and worn out ! Spent the day with Ariyanna , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and a pack full of Cub Scouts at their last day of day camp . Had a pretty good day , though ! 
Getting ready to spend the afternoon with friends celebrating their daughter's 18 month birthday ! More water sports for the kids , so my little water babies should love it ! 
Hanging out at my mom's house with the kids . She ran to the store for Milk and then < PROPFEMALE > had to run out for propane , so it's just us ! Lol , and < PROPFEMALE > just got back before Mom , lmao ! 
Just got back from dropping the kids off at YMCA camp . Funny thing : The boys stay in little round yurts with a ceiling fan . The girls stay in large cabins with air conditioning , two ceiling fans and a bathroom w/two showers . 
Funny thing heard while out to eat tonight : In Vegas they say the best place to get healthcare is the airport ....... Because you can go somewhere else from there ! 
Taking baby to the pool again ! < PROPFIRST>'s hot . I grew up in Southern Indiana . This is not hot . But I can enjoy the hot tub ! :) 
A\ 
daughter will outgrow your lap ... but never your heart . \It's \ " Daughters \ 
Yay ! Once I have all the info off my Sprint phone , we are heading out to get new phones with ATT ! Phone number should stay the same . 
So , now I've got a Samsung Sunburst and < PROPFIRST>'s got a Pantech Link . He really likes his , and I like mine better , so I guess we're both happy ! 
Don't you hate when you try to take a nap and end up feeling more tired than if you hadn't tried to take a nap ? 
Little baby is playing in the bathtub , and I'm trying out fb mobile ! 
What is so exciting about eating outside that people like so much ? It's hot , sweaty , buggy , and the plates want to fly away ! 
is hot , sweaty , irritable and lonely . Can't wait until < PROPFIRST > says we can leave . 
So , I wake up with the baby this morning and my cat Elminster starts meowing something awful , like he's going to die . I know his food bowl can't be empty ( the usual cause ) , so I get to thinking maybe the kids forgot to leave the bathroom door open again , where his cat box is . Nope , < PROPFEMALE > closed the toilet lid in their bathroom and < PROPFIRST > hadn't flushed the toilet sometime in the middle of the night . 
So , the benefits department at corporate hasn't recieved the decision on whether < PROPFIRST>'s insurance is cancelled as of this past Sunday or two weeks after that ........... They won't know until Friday or Monday , in the meantime we can't use it at all cause we might have to pay full price , and by the time we get their decision , we might as well have not had it . if we did have it ! 
We all have some form of a cold/cough , and now I think I might have a kidney infection , too . Sigh , called Hoosierhealthwise , and I am still covered by them , which is good . Not good , they still have my pcp as my ob/gyn . In the middle of trying to get a new on set up , they had a fire alarm go off ! 
Little baby is up to 13lbs even ! 
Sharing chicken and dumpling soup with the baby and listening to < PROPMALE > \ 
potter book two audio book with < PROPFIRST > ! 
Well , < PROPFEMALE > had to have a bunch of dental work , but she's getting a free lunch , a mini magnadoodle type thing , and a baggie of other prizes , all from her dentist ! 
I can't wait until whatever it is that's making Ariyanna wake up several times a night goes away soon ! Could be teething , but I can't see anything in there , yet ! 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > , so young to have a terminal condition ......... She's dying from the ever fatal condition of over excitement and anticipation , characterized by the repetitious moans of Ican'twaitIcan'twaitIcan'twaitIcan'twait!!!! 
Shopping for our trip to MN all done ! Now have to do laundry , packing , clean out the < PROPFIRST > and finalizing the arrangements for the cats and plants to be taken care of while we're going ! 
Blah , not sure I'll even sleep tonight . < PROPFEMALE > got a finger shut in the < PROPFIRST > door this evening , so we had to run her to the ER . Nothing broken , but it put us way behind schedule for getting stuff ready to go ! 
Loading a few last minute things , waking up the kids and then we are on our way to MN ! Yawn ....... sigh ....... 
Past Chicago , passing Milwaukee , stopping for lunch and gas soon ! 
Getting ready to head out for a fish fry , our last activity with the family . We leave early tomorrow morning ! 
Ah , back at home with consistent AC and my own bed , yay ! 
Kids go back to school tomorrow ! They are very excited . < PROPFEMALE > has < PROPFIRST>'s second grade teacher , too . She's a little worried that her BFF might not be in the same class , though . 
< PROPFIRST > had his first day of classes today . I have my first day tomorrow . And on Wednesday , he has orientation and scheduling for his new job as a server at Carrabbas Italian Grill ! Yay for work , too bad it doesn't mean instant money , especially since his unemployment hasn't shown up , yet ! 
Little baby was not happy to see Mommy leave for class this morning ! < PROPFIRST > could use some positive energy ! 
First class done , now a loooong wait at the bookstore to get < PROPFIRST > a binder for one of his classes ! 
I love this time of year . Things are busy and exciting , plus the \ 
weather is fantastic ! I can see hints of changing colors already , too ! \ 
Now if only everything else we need right now would fall into place , \ 
everything would be perfect ! 
There are a couple of people in my medical terminology class who are clearly not going to do well . I wish for their sake , they'd just not talk . It's embarrassing . 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
Alright , well , all done vegetating with FB quizzes , I think ! Now time \ 
to find something productive to do till bed time ....... Or at least \ 
something that will make the time pass quickly ! I'm glad < PROPFIRST>'s \ 
working again , but now I'm bored ! 
Sigh , power outage in our area and I have the kids tonight ! Hope whatever it is gets fixed soon !!! 
Little baby is standing unsupported for longer and longer periods of time and on purpose , too ! I think . 
So , got a 100% on my Medical Terminology test today , unless I missed something scanning the answer key while waiting for my bonus point assignment to be checked ! Also pissed off someone when I caught her very blatantly trying to cheat . Had two others back me up , but I'm the one she threatened . She got so worked up about it that the teacher had to threaten to call security several times before she calmed down . 
Why is it that Ariyanna is sleeping longer , but I'm more tired ?? Blah ! 
Blah , feel feverish , hot and cold and achy and tired and light headed , but my temp is low rather than high ! 
Yay , financial aid refund posted 9/15 , so financial worries should drastically lessen sometime in the next 14 days ! 
So , not looking forward to anatomy and physiology lab test ....... But I am looking forward to getting home early ! 
Woot ! Money's here !!!!! 
Out at < PROPFEMALE > Fest with the kids . And it's a lot warmer than expected !! 
Had an awesome evening at The Melting Pot last night for an early 2 year\ 
anniversary celebration ! ( They had a special this week as opposed to \ 
next week , when it's our anniversary ! ) 
Omg , wtf is with this validation error that comes up every time I want to post something ???? 
Had a great time at Pagan Pride Day hanging out with friends ! Course , couldn't post about it yesterday cause FB hates me ...... 
Damn them . Can't find caffeine free Mt Dew anymore ! 
Anyone else going to the Fishers Ren Faire on Sunday ? :) If you are going either day , look for < PROPFEMALE > in the \SCA village . \"" 
was very happy with her heated seats this morning ! Brrrrr , it's getting chilly in the mornings ! 
is about 8 weeks along and due May 14 ! 
is a straight ally and there are 3 days until National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of LGBT youth experience harassment in school , and too many lives have been lost . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/atF9jh . 
Thanks for all the good wishes ! 
Blah , tired and sore , but proud that I made it to the gym this morning ! 
is a straight ally and there are 2 days until National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/atF9jh . 
Ya know , I'm a firm believer in separation of church and state/public schools , but I saw a a bumper sticker I have to agree with : As long as there are tests ..... there WILL be prayer in school . ( Now , I can agree , as long as we understand prayer to any deity ! ) 
is a straight ally and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus DC recognize that love , not gender , is what matters in a marriage . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/atF9jh . 
So , not finding a dresser that I like on craigslist ( or not for the right price ) , so any suggestions for a second hand furniture store on the NE side ?? Or not too awful far ? 
Yay , baby's asleep , and I am so ready for bed ! 
Blah . Planned something fun for breakfast . But last night , everyone but me stayed up silly late , so now no one is going to even be awake at breakfast time . Except me and baby ! 
Oh , and baby is up to 14lbs 7 oz ! < PROPFIRST > and I have been trying to cut back on fat and carbs , and the doctors want her to have more ! Even though she \eats better than most children\ " because they want her to weigh more . " 
Ah , Mondays . The one day < PROPFIRST > has class first thing in the morning ! And has two classes ! 
So , my alarm clock ( baby ) didn't wake me up at the usual time , actually , she didn't wake me up at all , I just got lucky that I only overslept a little bit , so I was a couple minutes late for class . 
Pleaseput this in your status if you know or LOVE someone who is gay . My wishfor 2010 and beyond is that people will understand that being gay is neither a disease nor a choice . People who are gay are not looking for acure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this . ...... Will you make it your status for at least one ... hour ? ? Promote LOVE and ACCEPTANCE , NOT hate ! ??? STOP THE BULLYING 
I loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute \ 
you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were\ 
only a minute old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I \ 
still would . When you choose to have a child you make a conscious \ 
decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body . Put this\ 
on your status , if you have children you love more than life !! 
When I picked up Ariyanna from the gym's child care center yesterday , one of the ladies told me that , \She's the fastest thing on all fours I've ever seen . \ " Apparently little baby escaped from the toddler area and made it to the big kid play area before being discovered ! " 
Yay for much needed rain ! 
My little , bitty baby is 11 months old today ! 
Not looking forward to class this morning . Morning sickness has been hitting me pretty hard the past couple of days . Feel sick , not hungry , have to eat , everything sounds icky ! 
My totally awesome husband took me to class today and is grocery shopping with the baby ! 
Halloween can't come and go soon enough ! The kids are gonna drive me nuts ! 
Happy Halloween ! Can't wait for after trick or treating time ! 
Stubborn little baby . She'd be walking if she'd be willing to take more than one or two unsupported steps before dropping to all fours by choice ! 
Brrrrr , it's cold out this morning ! Loving my heated seats ! 
Little baby is taking more and more solo steps ! 
Ya know , on the one hand , high's in the 70's feels nice ! But it's not very autumnal ! 
Love my little toddler ! 
Happy Veterans Day to all those who have served ! 
Roflmao . Funny getting hacked story ......... So , I get a fb message , followed by several emails from Blizzard saying that my world of warcraft account , which I haven't played in over a year and a half or so , has been hacked . 
Going to bed early . Little baby's been feverish and fell asleep early , so I figure I should , too , in case she wakes up often and/or grumpy and/or early tomorrow ! 
Vindication is sweet . Trying not to say I told you so , ruins it just a bit though . 
So , nice that Ariyanna's back to being a happy , active little toddler ! \ 
At least during the day . She hasn't been sleeping well at night . Sigh . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Hope everyone has a fun , but safe holiday ! 
Oh , with being busy with Thanksgiving , I forgot to post that yesterday was also Ariyanna's birthday . My little baby is one year old now ! 
Fuck You , Fuck You , Fuck You . I told you over two years ago that I wouldn't have a gun in my home and that if that was going to be a problem we needed to end things . So , you can't be pissed at me now because that hasn't and won't change . 
I will be so glad when the holidays are over , so that most of the I-like-this- , I-wan t-t his , this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this , etc , will go away . 
Yay , girls ' room is clean and quasi organized . < PROPFIRST>'s room is clean and quasi organized . Got more kids clothes packed away that are too small . Dishwasher is on the drying cycle . About to start baby's laundry . Think I deserve a small break ! 
Sigh , so found out from the nice officer giving me a ticket that Indiana no longer sends out license plate renewal letters ! -.- 
December 1 , and our first little bit of snow ! 
Yay , snow ! And Yay , Kohl's . So , a while back I returned a pair of shoes that didn't fit right and got a $10 merchandise credit because I'd used a $10 off coupon . So , today I went to Kohl's . Infant Snowsuit priced $80 , -70% off , minus my $10 credit , minus another $10 coupon , equals $4.95 ! 
< PROPFEMALE > !!! It's not even officially winter , yet , and it's in single digit temperatures ! 
Yay , wow cataclysm starts today ! And I've gotten < PROPFIRST > to play again , too ! 
Just spent 3 1/2 hours at the TKD place for the kids ' belt testing . Little baby did not have a fun time , except for the time in between sessions when she got to run around with them on the mats . 
So , like everything is closed , except colleges and universities . But it's finals week , too , so not sure how they could have closed or delayed . Took < PROPFIRST > an hour to get to < PROPFEMALE > Tech < PROPFIRST > this morning ! 
Got my anatomy and physiology lecture final done ! I think I did better than expected , but not as well as I would have liked . Sigh , really not looking for the lab final . That one is all labeling , no multiple choice !! 
Little baby had to have some sort of routine blood work today . To everyone's surprise ( ours and the staff ) , she didn't even cry ! Made a < PROPFEMALE > complaint when she got poked , but that was it ! 
And after that , we had our ultrasound . Baby was transverse and curled up , at first , then kinda wiggly . But we now know that all or most of Ariyanna's clothes will be used by the new baby girl ! They've also adjusted my due date a week to May 21 , 2011 . And I learned that they've relaxed the restrictions , so I might be doing a vaginal delivery , instead of automatically having to have another C-section ! 
Omg , just need one or two more things , and we'll have all our holiday shopping done ! But , damn , am I worn out ! And still have to go to < PROPFIRST>'s brother's birthday this evening . He's turning 8 years old ! 
Is Facebook acting strangely for anyone else ? I had someone send me a message , by mistake , only when I clicked on the link to respond from my email , I saw that she'd received a message from someone else , only it came up as though it had come from me . And another friend's < PROPFEMALE > didn't have any comment links for her status or wall . 
Sigh , I'm already tired of the cold weather ! 
Happy Solstice ! The light is returning ! 
I don't want to talk about it and jinx it , but there might be an exciting opportunity opening up for us , so please pray or w/e for us that everything works out for the best . 
Wow , Toys R Us stores are open 24 hours a day till Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . I wonder just how busy they will be during the wee hours ? 
Woot !!! Finally made the wireless router work correctly ! Now < PROPFEMALE > can be on the internet playing barbie.com or webkinz or watching movies , w/o her and her running commentary being right next to me ! 
Happy Holidays ! 
Had a wonderful evening with the kids and < PROPFIRST>'s family . Kids behaved , said < PROPMALE > at the appropriate times , and got some very nice things . And so did I ! Remembered to take a few pics , will post tomorrow . 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand .... The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . 
Blah , been awake for an hour hoping to be tired enough to go back to sleep . Not sure if I'm tired enough , yet , but I guess I'll give it a try ! 
Throughout human history , peoples have drawn a line between us -- the good people , and them -- the people who don't matter . There is no ethnicity , nationality , or race that has not been oppressed , enslaved , murdered , or otherwise marginalized , so today , as we honor Dr. < PROPMALE > , let us remember the inherent dignity deserved by all humanity , irrespective of race . Happy Civil Rights Day . 
I took the AD&D Stats Quiz and got these stats :\ 
STR : 5\ 
INT : 13\ 
WIS : 16\ 
DEX : 11\ 
CON : 9\ 
CHR : 12\ 
Take the quiz yourself at http://www.KevinHaw.com/add_quiz.php 
Dear gods !! It's like 1 to -2 degrees here ( depending on which website you check ) . Damn you Minnesota , take your weather back ! 
Those men who say , \why marry the cow when you can get the milk for free \"; here's an update for you : Nowadays 80% of women are against marriage . Why ? Because women realize its not worth buying an entire pig 
So , four of the five of us are sick ! < PROPFIRST>'s got a cold , I feel neuseou , but haven't thrown up , < PROPFEMALE > has thrown up three times and slept most of the day , and Ariyanna has thrown up countless times since last night . We could really use some positive energy to help us fight off this stuff ! 
Poor little baby ! All she wants to do is sleep , and < PROPFEMALE>'s not much better ! I'm mostly better , just tired , too . 
Sometimes , well , a lot of times lately , people's inability to put two and two together and have it make sense rather scares me . 
Health update : Everyone's feeling better , except < PROPFIRST > . Hope his cold passes soon as he is a very grumpy bear when he's not feeling well or getting enough sleep ! 
At pinewood derby 2010 with < PROPFIRST > , who could care less about the other cars and is wandering with baby ! Long day , had to restart the first group cause a car had magnets in it and it messed up the timers . 
Lol , so in trying to distract the toddler this morning , while I was getting dressed , I put a baby headband w/bow on her , thinking she'd pull it off and play with it . She put her hand up , ran to the mirror , and started giggling . She's worn it all day ! I've got a girly-girl ! 
Wishing Carrabba's would cut it's losses , consider employee safety , and close early ! They told everyone scheduled to come in after < PROPFIRST > to stay home , so now he has to be one of the last to leave . 
< PROPFIRST > got home safe and sound . Said the roads were slushy , but not frozen solid and slick . 
Of note regarding the Japanese costumes , these were my first attempts at momoyama period ( ~ 16th century ) garb for the SCA , as < PROPFIRST>'s more interested in Japanese culture than European , which is what I'm actually used to doing ! 
Enjoying a day off of school ! But wondering what they are going to do about the quiz ( 1 of only 3 ) that we are now missing ! 
Yay , taxes are done ! 
You might recall , I mentioned < PROPFEMALE > had had a flu bug two weekends ago ? Well , it came back on Monday , and she's at the ER getting IV fluids for re-hydration right now . Please keep her in your thoughts ! 
Tired of being sick ! I feel miserable , and Ariyanna's not much better ! 
Poor < PROPFIRST > , on his way to work a double and make no money , cause who's going out to eat in this weather ?? 
Blah , can't get anything done ! Every time I think it's safe to step away from the tissue box , I get hit with another sneezing fit ! 
On a more positive note : baby girl #3 appears to be fairly active , with very strong movements ! Lol , if she continues on this pattern , it just might not be very comfortable for me after a while ! 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will ALWAYS love them . Re- post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are ! 
That's interesting . The discussion board assignment for last week was completed by 5 of us in my online class . There's supposed to be 29 people taking the class ! 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIEND'S LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU HERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY AND FRIENDSHIP 
Funny thought for the day : Why is there a special cleaner for stainless steel ? 
The downtown Indy Border's is closing , big sale starting today ! 
Kewl , Gen Con now has child care ! For $10 - $12 per hour . For up to 8 hours . Must pre-register . 
Chick-Fil-A Boy Scout Spirit Day to help rebuild a burned down building at Camp Belzer , March 9 at the Noblesville and Westfield/Carmel stores . Mention that you've come to support scouting . 
? Rain makes corn , corn makes whiskey , whiskey makes my baby , feel a little frisky ? 
Hey , any of my GSHS friends : Anyone know what happened to < PROPFEMALE > ? She doesn't appear to have a fb < PROPFEMALE > anymore . 
Weeee , just bought a Wii !!! 
Preparing to mail out our tax return because the e-file got rejected because one of the girls ' SSNs has already been used by someone else . -.- And yes , I've asked the obvious people about it , and they say it's not them . Going to be a long time before this gets worked out , and we see our refund . 
So tired , been having trouble falling asleep at night . I can sleep during Ariyanna's nap time , but even if I don't take a mid-day nap , I can't fall asleep till 1-2-3am , and then get up between 8-9am when she wakes up . Any suggestions ? 
Hey , anyone know of someone in the Fishers area , maybe a responsible teenager , who would be interested in quasi-babysitting ( as in , just being here while she sleeps ) once in a while on Saturday nights ? 
Blah . Have to do the glucose test today . Took half an hour or so just to get signed into the place , now I've got 45 < PROPFEMALE > left of the hour test . Sent < PROPFIRST > and baby out to get him starbucks . 
I managed to pry a prescription for ambien out of my doctor's office . Mostly only to take two or three times a week when I have class or something that I need to be really alert to get through . 
Blah , so tired , but little stinker wasn't interested in taking a nap . She sat in her crib and babbled for an hour and a half . 
Woot ! Got into the ob/gyn office I really wanted ! Going to be seeing at least a few of the doctors I saw for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , and be at St < PROPMALE > - < PROPFEMALE > this time . And their office is closer to home ! So , excited to not have to go to that damn clinic that has the longest wait times ever and disturbing clientele in the waiting room . 
I would like to thank the Internet , Google search , the guy that asked the question I needed answered , the guy that answered the question ( although using his answer required some grammatical adjusting before being usable ) , and my brain for putting it all together so I could get this damn programming mid-term project done for < PROPFIRST > and I ! 
Sigh , not going to St. < PROPMALE > - < PROPFEMALE > after all . Damn misleading website . But I was in and out of my new dr's office in less than an hour . Woo-Hoo ! 
A little pissed at the CVS we usually use , tho . 
I also feel a bit sorry for my new dr's office . My old dr's office faxed my records to them ; all 160 pages worth of records for this pregnancy and the last one , 1/2 to 3/4 of which are redundant information . 
Marriage Week : If your spouse is your best friend , who works hard with you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married : September 27 , 2008 ! ? 
So , you guys might remember a while back there was this thing that I wanted everyone to hope for , for us . Well , it didn't work out , but now it might be working out after all , sooooo .......... Feeling giddy , but worried , because I don't want to get my hopes up again ! Damn people's fickleness ! So , anyway , positive thoughts and whatnot , please ! 
Awwww , my little baby is getting to be such a big girl ! She helped me load the washing machine this morning ! 
The Camp Belzer Fundraiser is today at the Carmel/Westfield and Noblesville Chick Fil As . Just tell your cashier that you are supporting scouts today ! 
So , Megamind was a better movie than I'd thought it would be . 
So , we made plans to go out for a kid-free dinner tonight because it's one of the last times we might be able to go out like that before the new baby . We went to a Japanese hibachi restaurant because it's not some place we'd be comfortable taking Ariyanna . Too bad the pregnant couple with the screaming 2 year old at our table hadn't had the same thought . 
So you ask ... Do I work ? Uh yes , I work 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I am a Mom !! And ... I am an alarm clock , a cook , a maid , a teacher , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a security officer , a photographer , a counselor , a chauffeur , an ATM , a jungle gym & a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay or days off . I work through the DAY & ... NIGHT . I am on call at ALL hours . Post if you are a proud Mother ! 
So the zoo has admission prices for adults , seniors , youth 2-12 , and 1 and under . How much for a 15 month old ? 
So , last time , I picked the first name and < PROPFIRST > picked the middle name , so to be fair , I let him pick the first name this time with my pick for a middle name . So , we've tentatively decided on < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Blah , this has been an extremely long day . See comments for a description . 
Sigh . If one is going to teach an online intro-programing class and keep up with the grades ............ maybe one not aught to also have 6 kids , ( one of which being a newborn ) , and be working on a doctorate ( in I think religious studies ) . 
On our recent walks along Sand Creek , in behind our apt , we've seen signs that indicate there's a beaver in the area ! 
If all goes well tomorrow , I'll have an exciting announcement ! If it doesn't go well ....... Then nothing changes and no big deal . Keep your fingers crossed for us , though ! 
So , if you know my ex and/or my older kids , and you can't keep a secret long enough for the information to get to him through the proper , legal channels and/or for the kids to get a big surprise .......... don't read below . :) 
So , the problem that came up when we efiled somehow fixed itself when we paper filed because our State and Fed refund has been deposited ! Woot !!!!!! Course , a good deal of it is going to go into remodeling the new house ! 
Lol , so I was out looking at washers and dryers because I had some extra time , and I called < PROPFIRST > to measure the width of the current space . I heard 53 -54 in , but he had actually said 63 in . When I was talking about the width of what I was looking at he heard 63 in , and I had said 54 in . So , I thought it wouldn't quite fit . Now that we've cleared that up , we're going back out shopping tomorrow ! 
Ariyanna's favorite toys are the ones that play music . Which is all well and good until she gets two or three in reach and purposely keeps all of them going at one time . 
Got a new washer and dryer set today . Did you know that banks put a limit on how much you can spend with your bank card in one day , without calling them ? Maybe it's common knowledge , but I'd had no idea . No limits on checks , tho . 
OMFG !!! SNOW !! 
Yay , new washer and dryer should be arriving shortly ! 
Sigh , well , the new washer and dryer work great ! But . During the delivery , our cat , Elminster , escaped . Hoping he finds his way back home soon ! 
Whew ! Sometime between when I went to bed at 11pm and when I woke up and checked again at 1am , Elminster finally returned home from his little adventure ! 
At 33 weeks , 7 or so to go ! Can't wait ! We're excited , and I'm feeling more awkward and uncomfortable this time than the last three times , so I'm looking forward to being done ! 
< PROPFIRST > got to have the night off due to them expecting to have no business because of the NCAA games tonight . Thank you , Butler , for getting < PROPFIRST > the night off so that we can go out and have fun with the kids ! 
