IT'S A CELEBRATION !!!!! MY HUBBY TURNED THE BIG 3-0 TODAY !!!! 

Sooooo ready to get in the bed and try it again tomorrow ! 
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe . Voltaire 
Stuck on \Sober\ " by Pink . Outside the box . " 
A dear friend of my sister is battling a tumor and I am asking everyone to take some time out of their day to say a prayer for her . No , you may not know her , but she is very young and has so much left in life to experience . She is someone's child , sister , and friend . 
I need some sleep . 
~ Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ~ < PROPFIRST > Robinson 
This month is starting off great ! THANKS TO HIM ABOVE ! 
Each day brings a new blessing . 
He's home from his deployment ! 
Blessed is the man who perseveres under trial , because when he has stood the test , he will receive the crown of life that God has promised to those who love him . < PROPFIRST > 1:12 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING ! I hope everyone's day is filled with blessings ! 
Enjoyed church and getting to see the family today . 
is enjoying her life ! We are only given one , so make the best of it . 
The Lord is my keeper . 
Heels , heels , and more heels ! I love shopping for shoes !!!! 
wants to know one thing you want to accomplish in your lifetime . 
wishes it would warm up . It's way too cold to be working outside tomorrow . 
Let's see how forthcoming my FB friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . Not more than 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
The only limitations we have in our lives are the ones we create for ourselves . 
If we realize what we have today , then we may not have regrets for what we could lose tomorrow . Live and love like it is your last . 
My baby placed third in the talent show . My pretty little , \Pink Panthers . \"" 
Life is so crazy , but then again it wouldn't be my life any other way ! I love it !!!! 
Yesterday was the first time I spoke to my other sister , and it blew my mind how we had so many things in common . 
I am so blessed ! 
Just hit down in San < PROPFIRST > . 
Heading back home ..... this was truly something to remember . 
Happy father's day to all the men that have showed their sons by example , how to be a father and their daughters , what to look for in a good man . I also , commend the men that took on the role of another man's responsibilities . You all are setting the standards for our future parents . Thank you . 
Is headed to South < PROPFEMALE > to meet my other side for the first time . 
I think I can put money on this one ...... your move . 
would like to be at the house with my cousin and sister right now . :-( 
When you < PROPFEMALE > the Bible , satan gets a headache ....... When you open it , he collapses ..... When he sees you reading it , he faints .... when he sees that you are living what you read , he flees ... And when you are about to re-post this message , he will try and discourage you ..... I just defeated him !!! Copy and repost if you can 
What are the < PROPFIRST > about ? 
Leave your no . in my inbox , so that my thoughts about you can come to life . 
13 We have partied , argued , laughed , and cried together . Through it all we have overcome what many have failed at in life . You are to me someone that will make the ugly look pretty , the cries turn to laughs , and convert the better of times into the best ! 
28 We started out on a < PROPMALE > road , but ended up spending many weekends on that road together . I have always admired your love and enthusiasm for life . I knew you as a free spirit , and watched you turn into a beautiful mother that has put your whole spirit into another life . Thank you for standing tough by my side through my emotional a ** pregnancy years ago . LOL 
1107 You have proven statistics wrong . You are an inspiration to anyone who lacks faith in God's power to provide in one's life . We don't keep in contact as much as we used to , but it never lessens the want I have for you to succeed in all that you venture out to accomplish in life . 
25 You have always given off such a peaceful and calming vibe when you were around . Even though you were a quiet person , I have always thought you were a passionate one . 
65230987554324 . U would be the difficult one ! Lol . Really though , you are my sister from another mother . I look up to the way you manuever in life and the way your strength radiates from your every move . You are the big sister I have always wanted . I must say , not too many people can stay as understanding with me and my random ways . 
1213 You have always been to yourself ; which I should mention is a difficult task in this family . I admire the way you have the ability to show restraint in the midst of others trying your < PROPFEMALE > . You have a very sweet and loving spirit . I am not oblivious to the fact that one can take you there , but I am convinced you will have every reason before you get to that point . 
5555 You were always the voice of reason . When we were getting into shit , you always kept us grounded . I knew anytime I was around you , drama was never an issue . Even though we haven't seen each other in years , I know I never have to question your motives . You are just a genuine person . We are going to do it big again one day ! 
0032 I never knew you cared so much . I was always sceptic , because you taught me all that I could learn about the game . I thank you for every moment that you were there for me . I will always remember the time you held me higher than my own standards . Thank you . 
“To cause you pain , only pains me more deeply . To make you smile , an even greater joy . To truly love you , I am taught the meaning of love . ” < PROPFEMALE > Pendle 
13 My girl !!! You are such a beautiful woman ! I love your positive nature about everything and everyone in your life . You put your all into life and I know your blessings will be immeasurable . Love you . 
I tell you everything that is really nothing , and nothing of what is everything , do not be fooled by what I am saying . Please listen carefully and try to hear what I am not saying . ~ Charles C . Finn 
My baby girl won the parish level in the \Young Author's Award\ " for her story . I am so proud of her . " 
My body doesn't move like it used to a few years ago , but I still had a good workout . 
I had my first much needed full body massage today . I'm absolutely positively hooked ! 
I have decided to give acupuncture a try on Saturday . Does anyone have any experience in receiving this procedure ? I could use the encouragement . :-/ 
Freezing my a ! # off at work ! 
I was informed today that my youngest daughter's story just won regional . Her story will be published in a book ! She is now competing for state ! I am so blessed to have two daughter's with such brilliant minds . I am very proud of the both of them ! 
