is looking to have a great week ........... I just hope those mortgage rates keep creeping back down to where they were . If you guys need mortgage money you should get your paper work in 

is watching the rates move ................ 
just needs the rates to move down a little bit , the accountant to finish tweaking his financial statement , and for me to get 2 files entered into LO . 
WOW it's friday again already ? Please , please please Lord let the rates go down today ................ If anyone needs me hit me on the cell ......... I will also be working this weekend . 
Home-made peach cobbler and vanilla ice-cream are not a good thing this late at night ! It's a sinful thing , it must be because it's so good . :) 
Looks like rates may go down this morning ..... I hope this trend stays throughout the day ! It could just be a great week .. :) 
really likes and enjoys the great people she works with . This mortgage business is beating us up a bit ..... please please please Lord let us have a good week . 
does not want to be in control , the job is just to big so I will just have BIG FAITH .......... and make the best out of the day ahead of me . Getting ready to < PROPFEMALE > out and work with my work friends . God bless us all ! 
is still trying to do a little yard work but it's soooo HOT ......... About to give it up and just go swimming . 
is so looking for the interest rates to go down a little today . If you have any mortgage needs call me , or send a message here or myspace . Have a fantastic day . 
hopes the rates are going to be good today ! Any of you with mortgage needs hit me on the cell or leave me a message here or on myspace . Make it a great day ................. 
was blessed to get 3 new loans yesterday ! If anyone else has mortgage needs hit me on my cell , myspace or here . Have a great 4th ........ 
is getting ready to take < PROPFEMALE > to church then it's back home for yard work , paper work , and cooking . 
has a crazy busy day but it's probably for the best with the grand-daughter due in a couple of days that I get it taken care of before she shows her little face . Will keep you posted on rates today and for those of you that sent me a message this weekend 
is working-working-working . I appreciate all of my clients who need mortgage loans . Thanks for thinking of me . Have a great day . 
will be checking the mortgage rates for those of you who have your loans with me . I will update you guys this later this afternoon with status . Yeppie it's FRIDAY ! 
has been working in the yard most of the day . Still waiting on the grandbaby to get here . If she is not here by Wednesday they will take her . I am so excited ! :) 
hopes everyone had a wonderful weekend . No baby yet . Thanks for all of the great pics you guys put up this weekend . I really enjoyed them all . For those of you who have a < PROPFEMALE > with me I will keep you posted on the rates today . For anyone else hit me on th 
Is thankful because business is rolling pretty well right now . Thanks to everyone who calls on me for their mortgage needs and/or sends me family & friends . I appreciate all of you . Have a fantastic day ! 
IT'S GRANDBABY DAY ! I can't wait to see her ! Will post pics when I get back ! 
went back to the hospital to let < PROPFEMALE>'s Pops ( aka < PROPFEMALE > ) meet her and got some good pictures now that she is cleaned up . 
is getting ready for a very busy week ! I will keep you posted on the rates . I hope everyone has a wonderful week . 
has a long day today our office is going to corp . for a meeting so I won't be able to return calls until later this afternoon . Have a great day . 
watching rates . Have a great day . 
is sad to have to put our family cat Mittens to sleep this morning . We have had him 16 1/2 years . I am going to miss him runing to me every night when I get home . : ( 
is so glad it's friday ... looking to finish up a few files that needs to be closed before month end . If anyone needs me hit me on the cell , email , here or myspace . Have a great day . 
is working in the yard today ! At least it's a good day to get some sun and get some clear my head time in . Have a great Saturday . : ) 
getting ready to go visit my brother < PROPFIRST > who I have not seen in a year . Dreading the long walk on such a hot day then if I can make it want to see my brother < PROPFIRST > who I miss since he has been working out of town . 
is getting ready for bed ...... missing Mittens ( my Kitty ) .... Don't forget your prayers facebook friends . Make it a great week . 
is feeling rested and looking forward to good things happening at work this week . I wish for all of you to have a fantastic week as well . If any of you need me ........ you know how to find me . : ) 
Going to finish watching my < PROPFIRST > Hackman movie and call it a day . I love < PROPFIRST > Hackman ! \Mississippi Burning\ " Sleep well friends and don't forget your prayers . " 
wants to know why month end in the mortgage business always feels like a 2 < PROPFEMALE > warning in a tied up football game ? It's doesn't matter I love this business anyway ! Make it a great day fb friends . : ) 
has no time to waste today so many important things to take care of . God give me strength because I am sure gonna need it today . Have a great day . 
WOW what a week this has been , sure could use some R & R but still have way to much to do today however I am very happy that it's friday ! Rates still look good so if anyone needs me hit me on the cell or leave a message here . 
and < PROPFEMALE > are going to have a great day going to visit with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST > . I will take some pictures to show how fast she is growing . :) I think that is as good of a reason as any to take pics of her . LOL 
is ready for what she hopes will be a fantastic week . Rates were looking good Friday let's see if they hold . I will keep you posted . 
is looking forward to getting alot done today . If any of you need me hit me on the cell , here or myspace . Make it a wonderful day fb friends . 
so glad its friday ! I am so happy that I have great fb friends and I hope all of you have a wonderful Friday . Rates are still jumping a little but it's still a fantastic time to lower your monthly bills so hit me on the cell or leave me a mesesage on here if you need me . :) 
needs coffee & ice water . 
is happy that she got to spend time with her Dad tonight talking about the most wonderful Grandmother in the whole world ( his mother)Maw Maw Wood a wonderful Christian woman who never ran out of giving love . If only I am 1/2 the woman she was . I love them both so much and forever they will live in my heart . 
is going to be a great Aunt again tomorrow ! I am so excited I love babies ! : ) 
is looking forward to a productive day ! A little rain and cooler temps should be a nice change . 
I have been blessed again with another great nephew Declan < PROPFIRST > Wood is here and our family is so happy that we have another beautiful healthy baby to love and spoil . He was born to wonderful parents so he was blessed as well . Thank God for these kind of blessings . 
is so glad it's Friday ! Crazy long busy day so if you need me hit me on the cell or leave a message for me and I will get back with you . RATES LOOK FANTASTIC ............. : ) 
going to the nail salon , getting meds for < PROPFEMALE > , then groceries . Pretty much takes my day but if not I will do some yard work when it cools down some . 
my grandbaby came to visit today so I got new pics ! She smiled at me and yes more than once she is crazy about me you will see it in the pics in just a few mins . !!!! : ) It was a good day for me ! 
has a busy day to what I trust will be a productive week . If anyone has mortgage needs hit me here or on my cell . Make it a great day . 
I don't think I am ever going to finish my work today ! I think I put to many things on my to-do list or maybe I am just slow today ? 
Thank you to all of my family & friends for the birthday wishes you sent my way ........ Now we never ever have to talk about me turning 50 again . lol :) Thanks again I love you guys . 
is going to be spending from 2:30 - 12:00 tomorrow with the grandbaby so that her parents can go out for some fun . < PROPFEMALE > & I will have fun too ! : ) 
is having coffee and waiting on < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > to come over and spend the day with us . Perfect weather for time outside . 
still helping some great people get a jump on \FINANCIAL FALL CLEAN UP\ " reducing monthly payments before football season gets started good ! Early Birds get the good rates !!!! call me or leave me a message here if you want to join us ................ " 
Dad is on his way down to visit ....... it will be good to see him but I sure hope he doesn't give me another lesson in parenting ........... I actually think he and I are both past needing that lesson ?? ( after all I am a grandmother and he is a great-grandfather ) : ) lol 
Happy Monday everyone ... the end of August already and fall knocking on our door . Rates look great so if you need me message here , myspace or as usual hit me on the cell . 
whew what a day this has been ................... so much to think about , so much to do . 
Yeppie ... we made it right into Friday . I hope everyone has a great holiday . I will be working this weekend so if any of you have mortgage needs leave me a message here or hit me on my cell . : ) 
is so happy because my grand-daughter is coming over to play while her Mom works for a while ........ hope they bring her bathing suit so I can get some cute pics ! 
Looking forward to a great week ........ look on the bright side it's tuesday already so you are on your way to another weekend ! If anyone needs me leave a message here , myspace or hit me on the cell . 
Have a fantastic Wednesday ....... If you haven't owned a home in 3 years don't forget the tax credit dead-line in December ! Still have questions call me or leave a message for me here . 
is in a great mood and ready for a busy day ....... all I need now is a little luck .... : ) Have a fantastic Thursday . 
Friday again already ? Where does time go ? Have a great weekend ! If anyone needs me hit me here or on my cell . 
has decided to know where a person's heart is at all you need to do is look and see where they spend their time at . It will surely show you where their heart is . : ) Have a great week fb friends . 
WOW this must be what the 40 day & 40 nights of rain felt like ! I just want the news media to report that Lake Lanier is no longer low on water ! 
hopes that everyone has a great day . 
is so glad it's Friday . Have a fantastic weekend fb friends . If anyone needs me leave me a message here or hit me on the cell . 
does not want to go to the grocery store but maybe there won't be to many people there because of the rain . May as well hit the nail salon too since I will be wet already ! 
is making chicken & dumplings today for my daugter-in-law , pineapple pudding for my daughter and I get to play with my grand-daughter . My kind of day for sure . : ) 
is looking for a really good week . 
Have a wonderful weekend . Rates are really good right now so if any of you have mortgage needs hit me on the cell or leave me a message here . 
has alot going on right now ... I could sure use a little favor about now ! For those who are 1st time home-buyers looking for the tax credit call me it's getting close . : ) GREAT RATES & GREAT DEALS OUT THERE ! 
thinks she will take a little car ride and find some joy to go with the things I must take care of today . Wish it was warmer . 
going to bed to watch mindless tv ..... if you need me hit me on the cell if I am awake I will answer ! Who knows my life is a series of 2 hour naps ? : ) 
Happy Friday ! Rates are still great and I am working this weekend so if anyone needs me hit me on the cell or leave me a message here . 
Happy Monday ! The last week of October already ....... where does time go ? Mortgage rates are great so if you need me send a message here or hit me on the cell ! 
If the sun were out today would be a perfect day . I hope everyone has a great day . Mortgage rates are great if you need me let me know . : ) 
loves the sunshine ! Does it get any better than this kind of a day ? : ) 
Have a fun ( safe ) Halloween . 
happy Monday to everyone and I hope you all have a fantastifc week ! 
so glad it's Friday ! Have a great weekend . 
looking for a productive week .... Happy Monday fb friends ..... hope you all have a fantastic week . 
Rain ........ Rain ........ Rain ..... make it a great day ! Rates are really good right now ! : ) 
Sunshine ........ warm weather & the weekend all together ......... This is going to be good ! Have a great weekend and if you need me hit me on the cell or here . 
Thanks to all of you who have prayed for my brother < PROPFIRST > after his serious 20 ' fall yesterday . He had a good night considerinig but is still in ICU . We will keep you posted as we get news from the doctors they are still watching his brain for swelling . 
talked to < PROPFEMALE > this morning and < PROPFIRST > is now in a regular room but still in much pain , didn't rest well last night but neither did < PROPFEMALE > . Please continue to pray for both < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > ....... sometimes we forget the care giver . Our family is truly blessed to still have < PROPFIRST > with us . : ) 
talked with my brother < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > this morning . It seems as if this is going to be a slow recovery but he is still going in the right direction . Thanks for your continued prayers . It's so nice to have family & friends . : ) 
The doctor has released < PROPFIRST > to go home with alot of pain meds and says several weeks of hurting will follow along with months to fully recover . We are just thankful that he will be alright sooner or later . Thanks again for the prayers . I hope < PROPFEMALE > can rest some . 
Happy Thanksgiving Week ! I will be working all week except for Thursday so if you need me hit me on the cell or leave a message here . 
Happy Thanksgiving ............................... 
Have a fantastic week . 
have a fantastic weekend fb friends ............... 
in need of warm weather , sunshine and a break from all of this stress ! 
has to be out in this cold wet weather so I will think warm happy thoughts ........... Happy Holidays ......... 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ........ remember the reason for the season . : ) 
thinks it's time to weed out emotional baggage that has no place in 2010 ! ..... Out with the old and in with the new ! Make it a great year . :) Happy New Year to my FB friends ... 
Eucalyptuis bath + a glass of wine = relaxing sleep . :) 
Holy coldness ...... lol ... I do not like it when it's this cold ! : ) I keep thinking Spring is on the way . 
does not like cold weather . 
Red 
needs a warm bubble bath , warm blanket and a good book until we get above freezing ! 
Happy Monday to everyone ... go with a prayer in your heart , a smile on your face and by all means stay WARM ! Make it a great day . 
Thursday already ...... can't believe how fast this week is going . Have a wonderful day fb friends . 
doing some soul searching to see what needs to stay in my life and what needs to go . 
is loving the sunshine but not looking forward to the rain that is on it's way , going to enjoy it while I can . :) Have a wonderful day . 
spent the night playing with my sweet grand-daughter but she has made me really tired so it's bed time for Mimi ...... sweet dreams fb friends .... don't forget your prayers . 
is sure glad it's Friday but I still have 2 days work to catch up to where I need to be . Have a great weekend fb friends . : ) 
hopes that everyone has a wonderful week ! OH and we have sunshine this morning ! Yeah 
getting up final paperwork to finish taxes . Hope all of you have a wonderful day . 
sure hope we don't have ice tomorrow .... I have places to go and I don't drive in snow or ice . 
it's cold but at least the sun is out . Have a great Sunday . 
Monday again already .... This is happening far to fast ..... I need a vacation or something to slow this thing down some . : ) 
wants to know how I jumped from level 43 to level 53 in Fish World !!! What happened to the other 10 levels ? 
made it to level 54 in fish world ! That took forever ! Have a great day fb friends . 
sorry I was trying to send this drink to a girlfriend not to everybody on my list .......... : ( 
greatful for the new job , along with the weekend and sunshine ! Have a great weekend fb friends . ( level 54 in fish world . ) 
night fb friends hope that you have a wonderful week . : ) Don't forget your prayers . 
to tired to move up a level in Fish World and Island Paradise but maybe I will have time tomorrow . ( maybe new gifts for friends ) 
is glad tomorrow is Friday .... Fish World level 55 & Island Paradise level 32 . 
is just wondering if everyone is on facebook on friday night because it's so cold outside ? \just sayin\ " lol Fish World level 55 & Island Paradise level 32 . See what I do with my time ! lol " 
is glad March is finally here and hopes everone has a fantastic week . Fish World level 55 , Island Paraise level 32 . 
my very wise Grandmother \Minnie\ " said about March .... \ " when March comes in like a lion it will go out like a lamb but if it comes in like a lamb it will go out like a lion\ " ! Spring is just a couple of weeks away ! :) " 
please keep < PROPFEMALE > in your prayers his baseline has dropped again and he has a terrible cold so they gave stronger meds ( 2nd round ) but he may end up in the hospital again over the weekend . 
when I get through the trials life has dealt it is His name I shall give < PROPFEMALE > to because it is HIM who will bring me through . This shall serve as testimony . : ) 
is thankful for my friends who are still around and checking in .... it means alot to me and I want to say thank you . I am blessed to have you all . 
Looking forward to church in the morning should be very interesting and much needed . It's been to long since I have been there . 
< PROPFEMALE > made it through her surgery and is in much pain but has many drugs to help her out . To all of you who have called I will keep you posted with updates on here or you can call me on my cell . 
Talked to < PROPFEMALE > this morning twice and she sounded pretty good but said she was still hurting . They did get her up to walk already . 
it's been a long hard week so glad it's the weekend and that the sun is out . Only things to do now are catch up on files and bake a chicken for supper . 
giving it my best shot and keeping the faith and so thankful for my wonderful family/friends ..... yeah you guys know who you are and I love you all . :) 
Happy Easter to everyone ......... the way my memory serves me these days I think I am going to hide my own Easter eggs this year . :) 
getting ready to go to the 9:00 am Easter Service with my children and grand-daughter : ) ... Mercy & Grace to us all because the grave is EMPTY and LOVE prevails ! 
is so loving the Easter pictures of all of the beautiful children and of families spending time together . :) Remembering Christ resurrection and loving the blessings he gave us . 
the days are passing so fast I can't keep up with them ............ Have a blessed day fb friends . 
happy friday and I hope you all have a wonderful weekend . : ) 
wants to stop playing island games and go with a few of my friends to a real island where we find good times and make some lasting memories ! Yes guess I am already heading to dream land . Sweet dreams fb friends . 
wonderful smells from my kitchen tonight , thank God I don't like blackened fish but those darn peanut butter/oatmeal cookies are screaming my name ! Ok so maybe 1 or 2 won't hurt with a salad ? : ) 
so glad it's Friday ....... I hope everyone has a wonderful weekend . 
glad to have family & friends .... Those are just a few of the things I thank God for followed by my Job and work family along with many other things I am so blessed to have . 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL OF YOU WONDERFUL LADIES ! They are lucky to have you . : ) 
I am standing upon the seashore . A ship at my side spreads her white sails to the morning breeze and starts for the blue ocean . An object of beauty and strength . Gone but gone where ? That is the question ............... 
off to the phone store to get my cell phone fixed if anyone needs me I will be back to normal in a couple of hours . 
Happy Father's Day weekend to all of the wonderful Dad's out there and a special 1st Happy Father's Day to my son who rocks as a Dad ! :) 
so glad this week is almost over with . Have a fantastic weekend . 
Never give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about . 
is mentally walking on the beach , getting my feet wet and drinking a < PROPFEMALE > . Now it's all better . 
funny how when new people come into your life you realize it's just time to move forward and leave your past in the past . 
there is no future in your past .. so leave it there . 
No matter how much you try to deny it , the heart knows when the search is over . 
Nothing going on think I will go watch Discover .... if you need me hit me on the cell . Nite 
day is finished 10 hours work , supper done , dishes washed , grass cut , laundry done ....... Facebook island games played so I guess I will call it a day . Maybe tomorrow will bring better things ? :) 
Be gentle with your words , for they can be as mortal as a bullet to the heart - or a soothing balm on a broken soul . 
The < PROPMALE > of communication is having the power to recognize how you're tone and word choice affect the emotions of others 
Passion - There are many things in life that will catch your eye , but only a few will catch your heart ... pursue those . 
When you find it so easy to find everyone Else's flaws , reflect inward ; it may be an eye opening experience ! 
Thank you to all of my family & friends who wished me a happy birthday , my grand-daughter and children will be at the house to celebrate saturday , pictures will be posted ! :) 
Thank God it's Friday and this week is almost over ...... some days it just isn't working for ya ! yeah this would be me today . :( 
“Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own . ” 
OK it's 11:06 maybe to late for your first meal of the day but I am hungry .... morning coffee just left me ... Food then out of here like a fat girl in dodge-ball ! WHY DO I DO THIS TO MYSELF ? :( 
We were given : Two hands to hold . To legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else for us to find . - Source Unknown 
morning duties taken care of ( check ) , dog & fish taken care of ( check ) , sunday morning southern style breakfast cooked & dishes washed ( check ) sounds like a good time for a nap ............................ 
< PROPFEMALE > update : alot of pain , has passed out everytime he stands to try and walk so they sent out a wheel-chair , also have doubled up on the pain meds . The nurse is guessing that we have just a few weeks left please keep him in your prayers as he is in much pain . 
In order to love ourselves , we often find someone to love who reflects back to us what we are seeking within . 
You are getting sleepy , sleeeeepy . No wait , that's me . I'm getting sleepy . Off to bed . Goodnight everyone ! 
Clean sheets on the bed are calling my name ...... that works for me . Night FB friends . 
It is not for us to judge other people but you can't help but to notice the fruit they bear . Does that make us fruit inspectors ? 
Can’t help but wonder as we go into a new week asking our Lord & Savior for blessings once again what it was last week we did to glorify him ( are you pleased with your offerings to him ? ) and what we have planned this week to glorify him as we ask for his blessings We live for a reason what is your reason ? 
We all deserve happiness , sometimes its just takes a painful journey to help you find it , so that you can then truly < PROPFEMALE > and appreciate it . 
if you love something dearly at some point you have to set it free and if it doesn't come back to you it was never meant to be ! 
a friend is someone who reaches for your hand and by doing so ~ grabs your heart 
says that the heart feels things the mind does not understand 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for sending me Making A Wish Come True . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/fairies-and-a-bfchae/home?url=&tv3=mKrZbWUfGOeRzDWCKSrAhyuGk0%2B4bhe5aqA%3D 
So What do we have to lose by following Jesus ? We lose our Guilt , Insecurity , fear , hopelessness , anxiety , shame , selfishness , and a lack of purpose . I'll take it 
\All meaningful and lasting change starts first in your imagination and then works its way out . Imagination is more important than knowledge . \ " < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
In life , you prove your worth through your actions , not your words . 
Jesus replied , \What is impossible with men is possible with God . \ " < PROPMALE > 18:27 " 
If church was only for saints and not sinners , you wouldn't need but two seats . One for the Father and the other for Jesus . 
Ask , and it shall be given you ; seek , and ye shall find ; knock , and it shall be opened unto you . < PROPMALE > 7:7 
Four things that can never be recovered : The stone after it's thrown , the word after it's spoken , the occasion after it's missed , and the time after it's gone . 
Proverbs 21:2 : A person may think their own ways are right , but the Lord weighs the heart . 
I'm going to slip in my bed with someone who loves me & misses me ... Here I come pillow ; ) 
There are none so blind as those who refuse to look , there are none so deaf as those who refuse to listen , there are none so lost as those who refuse direction !! 
Try and live your life the way you wish other people would live theirs . < PROPFIRST > Burr 
In the event of RAPTURE , this fb will become unmanned ! For those who are still here , could you be so kind as to log me out . Log in Born Again , password Christian . :) 
- I think im going to go and keep my bed company , its lonely !! 
This is going to be the BEST status EVER ! Wait ! No ! I forgot it ! :( 
Trash taken out , dishes done , laundry folded I hear my bed calling \come to me and watch some TV\ " History /Discover TV here I come ! I am outta here like a fat girl in dodge ball ! :) " 
There are two keys to every relationship ... communication and honesty ! If you can't communicate and be honest with one another , you have no relationship ! 
I'll just take what's left and leave this place and when you look back I hope I'll always be your favorite waste of time . 
You are the only exception ...................... 
My wish is for the unemployed to find employment , families to be together and this next year to be better than the last for everyone . 
I have an idea .... why don't we stop spending money and just enjoy the people that want to be with us Christmas then just fix them some good food , love them and remember what Christmas is all about by worshiping our wonderful God . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS . 
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
is heading off to a tropical island with swaying palm trees , coconuts full of rum , rolling waves and sunshine . that's right it is dream time . good night 
< PROPFIRST > 1:20 -21 : But after he had considered this , an angel of the Lord appeared to him in a dream and said , “Joseph son of < PROPFIRST > , do not be afraid to take < PROPFIRST > home as your wife , because what is conceived in her is from the Holy Spirit . She will give birth to a son , and you are to give him the name Jesus , because he will save his people from their sins . ” 
Nat & I getting ready to pick up last < PROPFEMALE > food needs for tomorrow . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
A woman's heart should be so hidden in Christ that a man should have to seek HIM first to find her . ~ Maya Angelou 
Arachnophaleptic Shock - The insane spasm-like dance performed when one realizes they have just walked through an unexpected spiderweb . 
Love ... Love .... Love all of the new pictures you all posted ! 
~ At this point , I'm actually too sleepy to think of a clever status ! Don't worry , I'll be back in the morning !! Sleep tight & don't forget your prayers . 
God may not always give me what I want , but God always gives me what I need ! 
Our lives are like footprints , on a path of un-walked snow . Be careful how you walk on it , for every footprint will show . :) 
Done all the damage I could do today so that's my sign to go watch mindless TV until I fall asleep ! Goodnight & don't forget your prayers . :) 
In order to figure out how < PROPMALE > you are ... count all the things in your life that money can't buy ! 
My vote is No for snow this weekend ! My house has a doctor on her way tomorrow morning to determine a baseline for < PROPFEMALE > and a playtime visit with my only grandbaby in the afternoon ! :) Think I will make < PROPFEMALE > , her Mommy & Daddy some chicken & dumplins . Happy day for < PROPFEMALE > on Saturday with Smiley ! :) 
Can't understand how te little 25 lb Smiley has made me soooo tired that ! 
< PROPFEMALE > will never be destroyed from the outside . If we falter and lose our freedoms , it will be because we destroyed ourselves . \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
For it was not into my ear you whispered , but into my heart . It was not my lips you kissed , but my soul . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Friendship often ends in love ; but love in friendship - never . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
When I stand before God at the end of my life , I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left , and could say , ' I used everything you gave me ' . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Bombeck 
A man reserves his true and deepest love not for the species of woman in whose company he finds himself electrified and enkindled , but for that one in whose company he may feel tenderly drowsy . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
I have found the paradox , that if you love until it hurts , there can be no more hurt , only more love . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
The request for supper at my house was fried chicken gizzards and I do not eat that stuff so I am getting very hungry but it's just to late to eat ....... maybe a salad along with an apple would be ok ? :) 
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau 
Freedom prospers when religion is vibrant and the rule of law under God is acknowledged . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
Please if you are 48+ years old could you tell me why everytime I sit down to eat or watch TV I fall asleep ....... this is getting so old ! My get up & go got up and went !!! OH FYI to make it even better I guess that is why I am not asleep now ! Hello 6:00 am that should pay me back ! 
Intense love does not measure , it just gives . \ 
Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
It takes a long time to grow an old friend . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
The recipe for a successful life : find something you like doing , do it in the place you love to be and never forget to help someone else while you are doing it . 
A criticism is just a really bad way of making a request . 
Night FB friends it Obama speach , & mindless TV then sleep ( maybe ) .... Don't forget your prayers and if anyone needs me hit me on my cell . :) 
I have wondered at times what the Ten Commandments would have looked like if < PROPMALE > had run them through the US Congress . \ 
The problem is not that people are taxed too little , the problem is that government spends too much . \ 
Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face . \ 
Helllooooo Mr. Sunshine , I have waited so long for you !!!!! I love you , I need you and I want you to stay around for a while . :) 
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists , or simulate it where it does not . \ 
Francois de La Rochefoucauld 
Looking back , I have this to regret , that too often when I loved , I did not say so . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Grayson 
The young man knows the rules , but the old man knows the exceptions . \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Holmes 
People need loving the most when they deserve it the least . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Harrigan 
