20 FOOKIN 11 IN THA HOUSE 

Wow , who's brilliant idea was it to have the wrinkled remnants of The Who play the half time show ? 
DO YOU HERE ME ATLAS ?!?!??!?!?! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > LEAVES YOU NOTHING . BUT . ASHHHESSSS . 
damn , I fucking hate typos 
Snow . Fallout 3 game of the year edition . Plentiful fresh cancer butts in my ashtray . Can't shake the feeling of isolation and lonliness , which has lingered whether I like it or not . Damn my malformed frontal lobe . 
Damn you , Mr. Ego , stop being so charming . Might be actually able to get things done around here . 
Jäger lubricates things , indeed . 
According to a gruff source , my character in person is composed of 50% movie quotation , and 50% incoherent babble . Hard to argue with that . 
* rubs hands together * Tonight is Noir night . Bougart you charming bastard . 
Hello , my love I heard a kiss from you Red magic satin playing near , too All through the morning rain I gaze - the sun doesn't shine - Rainbows and waterfalls run through my mind In the garden - I see west Purple shower , bells and tea Orange birds and river cousins dressed in green 
so two blondes , one 23 , one 30 , both in < PROPFEMALE > , both who joined myspace today just happened to both send me flirty greetings at exactly 2:28 pm . * strokes baerd * . See what problems present themselves to man ? Definently some shyster behind the curtain , but I'm still not exactly REPULSED by the concept of a 30 year old blonde ............................. Ah you bastards . I'm sure there's a place in Hades for your kind . 
Decoding the suprising handful of symbolism found in An American Werewolf in London . 
BALOGNA IS PERFECT FUEL FOR KILLING < PROPFEMALE > COWARDS !!! 
wishes he had an accent , dammit . ' stead of this boring marylander one . Still just end up speaking a buncha bollocks anyway , but still . 
Have you ever tried talking to a corpse ? It's BORING . 
maybe having a half gallon of Absolut to myslef isn't an exactly stable position . Opimists beware . 
Screwdriver . Yum . 
MEIN FÜHRER , I CAN WALK !!!!! 
Jealous , but without any sort of reasonable argument . 
Deadmau5 is sublime . 
Deadmau5 gots the juices flowing . A vigorous music overhaul is in session . New , fresh , and colorful . 
In regards to the Christian merit , the Christian IDEAL ... stop . Just stop . Its time has come , and long ago departed . All that I honestly observe , on the surface is its decay , decadence , for which all cardinal virtues it could possibly be granted for DO not compensate . Its a disease now , eating away at the very heart of the politics which run this country , not to mention the World . KEEP IT TO YOURSELF . 
If your going to express Love for christ , I strongly suggest to keep \ 
those similarily minded in line who wield power . Their fingers on the \ 
pulse of how things run around here are in DIRE NEED OF BEING CONTESTED . \ 
Its an old battle in a world trying Desperately to grow up . And I can't\ 
see how you're helping . 
CRY SOME MORE 
There is a time for brooding , cogitation , and introspection . Seperately a time for action , reaction , recovery , and the follow through . To contemplate , to stimulate , to provoke , to observe . To act on the brain , the heart , or the gut . I am confused .. 
Huckleberry Finn . 
Toolboxes , all of yous ! Been aching to get that out of my system . 
The orange bottle told me to NOT take with alcohol . I should have listened . Now my body may be plotting to destroy me .. 
Rum . But both SMOOTH as it is Strong . 
The only one , who could ever reach me , WAS THE SON OF A PREACHER MAN . The only one , who could ever teach me , WAS THE SON OF A PREACHER MAN . Ooo , yes he was , oo , yes was , ooo Yes he was . 
BOOZE IS NOT FOOD . 
< PROPFIRST > don't surf . 
Hopes that one day , life will < PROPMALE > me the oppurtunity to yell \Hey doo-KIE ! PICK UP THA PHONE !! " 
prancin ' aboot with < PROPFEMALE > heads full of eyeballs 
Time ... enough ? 
Now that I , by my own hand , have lost the respect of the most dearest of those who've consider me a friend , I begin to realize that I've never really had any for myself . 
Something . Stinks . Like stale french fries . 
The english teacher is having us watch < PROPMALE > IV . \ 
IV . \ 
Four . 
Where's < PROPFEMALE > latex ? 
Moar Noir . Take a break from the buddha . 
YOU ARE SOOO SMALLLL , IT'S FUNNY TO ME . 
I loved wife like sun raise . DARK MAN YOU WILL SUFFAR ! 
SPACE LOBSTA !!!! 
It's TINGLY . 
Remember when you were young ? \ 
You shone like the sun ... 
I'm the Slum Lord of Lego Town . Suck it . 
Play it again , < PROPFIRST > . 
to all my mates from Waldorf , apparently the set of My Name is < PROPMALE > is based off of our town . 
Even now , in this inevitably foul century of anyone`s lord , 2001-Now , The nigh inaccesible < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > provide a voice of reason , in a cold , unr ! easonable word !. In such excerpts as \ Dwn't\ " \ " criticize what you can't understand \"." 
8 shots of espresso . 3 hours at the library . Therapist introduced me to breathing meditation . Ended up drinking in a ditch behind aTrue Value in < PROPFEMALE>'s Hall , writing a letter . Gave a lesbian my number . Shared a drink , cigarettes , and small talk with her . Another nice homie got me a fifth of Daniels . Walked 4 < PROPMALE > home in 90 degrees . More drinking . 
Also , on life's basic principles , \ 
LOOOLLLA\ 
LUh-LUh-LUh-LUh-LUh LOOOLLLA\ 
Perhaps our individual paths require that Dark Brown voice which makes all the potent lemons shoved down our throats taste like < PROPFEMALE > Coala . 
Lookin ' back on the track for a little green bag , \ 
\ 
Got to find just the kind or I'm losin ' my mind\ 
Out of sight in the night out of sight in the day , \ 
Lookin ' back on the track gonna do it my way . 
Seven Samurai . Time kick back and savor 3 hours of Cinema gold . 
Mo ' tussin . 
That sir , is just absurd . 
WATCH ? YA KIDS WATCH YA CHURRIN AND WATCH YA OFFSPRING CAUSE PEDOBEAR ? RAPIN ERRYBODY OUT CHEA 
............................................................................. * sigh * . 
Freshman today asked me if I had schizophrenia . I ask no , why ? I look the part . 
After I'm gone your earth will be free to live out its miserable span of\ 
existence , as one of my satellites , and that's how it's going to be . 
just spent the past half hour naked and spread eagle on the ground , exposed to the rain ? 
returns to Castle Wolfenstein . 
Since my pups got shaved down , save for his mustachio , he bears an extremely uncanny resemblance to Friedrich Nietzsche . 
“I hope we \ 
shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our moneyed corporations \ 
which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength , \ 
and bid defiance to the laws of our country . ”\ 
~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
My mind , it's having these little solar flares . I'm wondering . Something's rattling around inside . 
photoshop ..... years pass ... have I truly taken a look inside your chest ? Perhaps its time to rattle some hinges . 
Fence posts are becoming tangible ... strip of white cotton in the < PROPFEMALE > wire . 
I don't belong to any generation . 
Today everyone is a winner . 
smells racism . 
\Are you going to shoot me ? \ " \ 
Can't . stop . COUGHING . Y ? 
teehee . This African coffee is literally the blackest I've ever seen . 
Plans for a perfect closure to a day of cerebral decay are going nicely . Hot brewed Ethiopian Coffee , black . Some Spicy Kung Pao noddle bubbling in the pot . Smoked oysters on a tidy little plate . No Country For old Men loading up . Just come and try and ruin my evening . I dare you . 
Is taking a deranged fascination to his shiny new Inhaler . 
My my , what a powerhouse of a < PROPFEMALE > there is tonight . 
Peep through the door\ 
It seems as though the grass was much greener before\ 
The dead life has been washed upon the sea shore\ 
Money and greed deluded what is truly pure\ 
And yet our flesh keeps screeching out for more\ 
Now you're trapped\ 
A hole in the ozone about to make the world collapse\ 
Pollution fills the air and minds with bullet twisted facts\ 
Midnight is now upon us people righteous laws are coming back 
Say what you will , Barrack is still a big ole ' slice o sexy . 
\I'm never through with a girl until I've had her three ways . \ " \ 
Hangover + Handcuffs = Quite the situation of stress . 
\I think we should kill all the blacks . \ " \ 
Oh dear big , beautiful liver , I am ever sorry for forcing thee into masochism . 
White are just enjoyable to be around with .... they smell like Lemon Juice and Pledge Furniture Cleaner ... 
lol , myspace , what's the point of changing your layout if so few are to actually see it ? 
subsidies wearing thin , Isn't this where you take the first step ? 
Maybe I should take up some running and hit the weights . Before things get out of hand . 
Wee bit satisfied , made a totally improvised , babbling speech in Government in advocacy of NORML . 
LOOKIN FOR SOME HAPPINESS\ 
BUT THERE IS ONLY LONELINESS TO FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiiiiiiiii-I-I-I-I-ND 
Why does The Maltese Falcon have to be so good ? It's not fair . 
Who's < PROPMALE > do I have to suck to get some Japanese Whiskey here ? 
As far as 500+ pound Puerto Ricans go , I must nod my head to Big Pun . Man definitively knew his way around a mic . 
You all know damn well my childhood cartoon beats every last one of yours . 
Ah , sweet fruity wine . Never fail to give me the hiccups . 
Goddess my goodness , show me the way to speak with a mind at ease . 
I'm now aware of the equlibrium . I have heard Gatsby's tuning fork struck upon a < PROPFEMALE > , and felt it's pulses reveberate through the fibers of existence . 
It's easy to crack the eggshell ... let out the stale air . Make your barometer breath . 
What made last night so fantastic , among other things , was the pleasant realization that one is ripe with limitless oppurtunity for futher such experiences . We have so much TIME and such little to do . 
Fucking hell . I don't want to live with myself . 
I've probably stumbled upon the biggest WTF moment of my entire year . On ESPN , as I was flipping through channels , I find an acoustic driven montage of ........ a limbless man taking part in an UFC-esque fight ...... he was just stumping along the ring floor , going for the other mans ankles , while the other dude was for all intents and puproses just ... walking around him . 
Drinking coffee like an Irishman . 
\He grew up as a little shit spark from the old shit flame 
Who's down on plotting something for New Years ? 
Florida offers a lot of things , namely fresh , unexplored areas of market commerce , annnnnnd thus , strip clubs ...... I have a $60 budget for tomorrow .... google promises fruitful smoke and head shops , plus the world's largest flea market , and promising looking < PROPFEMALE > and english pubs .... how big a price am I willing to put on bare , tarnished skin ?......... we'll find out tomorrow . 
GODDAMN MONGORIANS ! 
OOOOooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh , it is sad day . 
'' The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind . '' - Humphrey Bogart 
If I didn't care would it be the same ? \ 
Would my ev'ry prayer begin and end with just\ 
your name ? \ 
And would I be sure that this is love beyond \ 
compare ? \ 
Would all this be true if I didn't care for you ? 
I don't WANNA be an Aquarius . 
\The women of New Vegas ask me a lot if there's a Mrs. New Vegas . Of course there is . You're her . And you're still as perfect as the day we met . \"" 
Personally , I like a little dolphin in my tuna . 
In the quiet words of the Virgin < PROPFIRST > ... come again ? 
When things go from chill to brewing , I comfort in my sexy zippo . 
I'm scots-irish enough to have the weakness of the hollow leg .... what's your excuse ? 
I almost forgot : < PROPFEMALE > is tits . Beautiful , perky , and smooth to the touch . 
SO !...... how many times have I fell through with being compelled to set my hand afire .... incidently with Axe Body spray ?..... I'll give the number of incidents a good solid 5 . My ring finger stings ... 
Let the House records state at this time , that if my mother brings home one more animal , no quarter shall be given . 
Gots tha itis . 
LITTLE REEEEEED CORRRRRRRRRVETTE 
Sometimes these do come , but I'm in a legitimately shitty mood . 
??????????????? ??? ?? ??????????????? \ 
? :D ? \ 
?????????????? ??? ??????????????? 
Hallmark : Where the bad actors , shitty writers , and generic producers go . 
TMZ : Your at the ready source for inconsequential pap and wanton douchebaggery . 
\It is invariably saddening to look through new eyes at things upon which you have expended your own powers of adjustment . \"" 
Eminem is kicking it with Dre . Now please oust Lil < PROPMALE > . 
The only one who could ever reach me , WAS THE SON OF A PREACHER MAN .... the only one who could ever teach me , WAS A SWEET TALKIN SON OF A PREACHER MAN ... 
I would like to thank England on this particular occasion for Pink Floyd ... and Ireland for Bushmills . Delicious sipper . A sly drunken Leprechaun . 
If I didn't carrrrrrre .... 
I thinks it's time for another return to Kurosawa's Seven Samurai . 
The repetition kills you . 
American Idol : 150 contestants , 2 years later , Yeah , we still can't remember your names . 
What is with these disconcerting dreams of late . 
Seriously , I don't get it . After hours of exposore to his material , is this really the different Rap needs to be taking ? Retarded nasal voice , rhymes to amounting to things even lesser than bullshit , annoying , uncreative beats ? Let the house record state at this time : Fuck Lil < PROPMALE > . 
Beers and Mystery Science Theater 3000 . Life's good . 
FUCKING HELL 
ippppppppppppppppppppppnnnnnnnnnnnnnk . ; lmlk 
30 day movie challenge time :: rubs hands together :: 
ENERGY DRANK . NO SLEEP . ENERGYYYYYYYY . 
As of yesterday , I'm in the process of trasintion to a residence in La Plata . The change in distance is modest , but as I wish to remain reachable , meetable , and available , here are some coordinates :\ 
8935 Darley Dr. \ 
La Plata , < PROPFEMALE > 20646\ 
House Phone : 301-934-8055 
If I keep up this recurring noir obsession , I'm going to have to keep a bottle of bourbon handy to sip , watching the cynics at play . 
Sign your name here________x 
Well done , comedy central . Workaholics is good fun . 
The chinchilla may be playing mind games with me . I mean , where did my pack of cancers go !? Fresh chew marks on Basic writings of Nietzsche !? flash of white fuzziness out of my periphial ?! WHAT NEXT ?! 
My friends , if life is particularly all shades of black and white , a bath is more enlightening than a shower . 
i like black penis in my mouth just saying :) 
feeling very horny anyone got a single grandma 
i love elephant penis in my ass !!!!! 
