Alea iacta est . 

' All used and beaten up , watching fate as it flows down the path we chose . ' 
At Yes concert . In BBKings . I've never seen so many old looking 42 year olds 
Hotel room coffee tastes so bad .. and the non-dairy creamer even worse , but it does the job . Need to stay alert for an exhausting workweek 
Overcast day : The sky aches to unleash his nourishing spray upon the thirsty earth , until she is again filled and bursting with a banquet of song and nectar . 
' Rie . Llora . Vive tu < PROPFEMALE > y gozala toda ' 
As everyone heads out to the beaches this Memorial Day weekend , remember please those those whose last memories of beaches were the ones where they died . 
feels like heaven 
is working again in NJ's land of Deliverance : Somerset County , where employees have to walk along a horse-manure strewn gravel trail from the train station 
Wow , Castlevania Lords of Shadow looks so good ! I wonder how much of the music they'll keep ; I love that 16-bit theme song 
Despite what some of you might think , I am actually an introvert . You could leave me alone for days with some books and the internet and I'm just fine . 
My skirt just had a ' < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>' moment when I walked over a subway grate , just as a train passed from below . Oops 
is the final stop of an epic odyssey . 
.. where the Sky joins Earth 
misses her clarinet 
biked 22 < PROPMALE > in 90-degree heat from < PROPFIRST > St to The Cloisters and back . Exhausting and it gave me a goofy farmer's tan , but so fun . 
Thank you all for the kind wishes . This is the year I finally learned the answer to life , the universe , and everything 
is conducting a study of gender and self-reporting of one's health . It appears that males are more likely to self-report they are in good health than do females 
has sated her swimming craving for the day :) 
' The independent t-t est is used in experiments in which there are two conditions and different subjects have been used in each condition . ' OMG just say that t-t est is used to compare 2 different groups ( men or women , people who like Coke or Pepsi , etc . ) ... why make things so complicated ! 
is FREEEzing in Florida in summer ! 
Traveling businessmen who insist on a window seat while wearing pleated pants and pink shirts are such doucheb @gs 
There's enough sorrow in this world to last several lifetimes , and I can't make everyone happy . So if I make a few people smile while I'm on earth I'm fine with that . 
How to Tick People Off #33 : If you forget to show up to a meeting , say that your Blackberry hasn't been synching up with your Outlook and the meeting wasn't in your calendar 
How to Tick People Off #34 : Join a pack of tourists who suddenly stop moving at the foot of the subway stairway in 97-degree heat . 
I wish my job would stop calling my house , emailing me , texting my cell phone , and leaving voice mail messages about the fires in Moscow resulting in the heat wave . I don't work in emerging markets anymore and really that's someone else's problem . Sorry to be so impersonal but I don't get paid to care about Moscow . 
Triskaidekaphobia = fear of the number 13 . \ 
Scolionophobia = fear of opening my pscyhology textbook . 
“You must give up the life you planned in order to have the life that is waiting for you . ” – < PROPFIRST > Campbell 
Newark Penn Station is so friendly . Waiting for my train to Philly I was threatened with death (\I gonna kill you b ! tch ! \") by someone at 4:30 am . Nice . " 
4 more weeks before my boss goes on maternity leave .. and for me , creative autonomy .. and FREEDOM !!! ( sounds of heavy chains breaking ) 
learned today that everything worth doing is worth doing utter-FAIL-worthy once in a while . Who wants to be perfect anyway ? 
Nine years ago today , we learned not to doubt or distrust more , but to love more and appreciate the extraordinary human capacity for selflessness . To the heroes living and gone , many thanks . 
' You say you want diamonds on a ring of gold , our story to remain untold , our love not to grow cold . All the promises we break , from the cradle to the grave , when all I want ... ' 
is off on business to Miami this week and Montreal the next 
If you're in the Miami area on Sat 18 Sept ., stop by Farmacia Navarro in Hialeah ( Flamingo Plaza ) and say hello to us . We'll be with the mayor . Univision will be there too :) 
For $5 I gained insight worth more than any corporate seminar . I talked with a homeless woman , about 23-24 , Asian , who was laid off from the Dept of Health last year . I realized she and I were really the same , effectively relying on others to survive . 
learned something new today from one of my mentees ( who has a nasty misygonistic boss from hell ): \Well-behaved women seldom made history . \"" 
The bad news : My C6-T1 have bulging discs , requiring epidural injections ... just par for the course with the aging process . The good news : Percocet .. at $0 copay ! 
is in Miami again , twice in as many weeks . Big contrast to the 59-deg temp back home . 
has interviews with Univision this morning in Miami . Fun ! 
Yaay ! This is the 3rd blackout in Miami Airport in the same hour ! If this keeps happening our flights will be delayed and we're gonna be stuck in FL another day . This state is so sneaky ... between zealously pulling over drivers and overtaxing everying from hotels to car rentals , now it shuts down airports to bring in more tourist revenues . 
ComiCon and Anime Festival at the Javitz Center was one giant clusterf #ck . How people could go to 3 days of this is beyond my comprehension . 
In honor of < PROPMALE > Day , I will play Civ 5 as < PROPFEMALE > , hire Italian goons to invade people without guns and claim their lands in the name of Spain . 
Yaay , I will have titanium plates fused into my spine with bone grafts from my hip . I am going to be a real-life Android ! 
Omg EMGs involve sticking needles in your muscles and running electric current through them . There should be a < PROPFEMALE > Convention clause against this test ! 
Reason #10 why spine surgery is great : The cumbersome collar makes a great addition to my awesome Tron hoodie for Halloween ! 
is back in the saddle again . Giddy-up ! 
just made the most AWESOME parmigiana sauce . I know it was good because everyone who ate it left no sauce and no pasta on their plates . Shuda taken a picture :( You know parmigiana sauce is tricky to make because if done wrong , it takes on the consistency of rubber . But let me know if you want the recipe . 
I'm sorry , Mexico .. and < PROPMALE > for your broken orbital bone , even though you're 5 in taller and 17 lbs heavier than Pacquiao . Didn't you know that Spain tried , Japan tried , the US tried .. but there's \ 
just no beating the indomitable Filipinos . Got ' em again , PacMan ! 
is trying to recover from an exhausting work week , since I'm not fully recovered yet but had to travel on business :( 
Finally watched \Eat Pray Love\ " ... it was so long with too many unnecessary scenes I didn't even finish it :{ It takes less time to finish the book . But I do like the line from Rome : \ " Ruin is a gift . Ruin is the road to transformation . \"" 
Just invented a new cocktail : Vodka on the rocks with Mountain Dew Voltage . I call it \Windex Meth . \ " Drink it only if you don't expect to sleep for hours . " 
' s last few months were a barrage of < PROPMALE > , overwhelming life changes , but there's so much that is new and exciting , for which I'm grateful and happy . 
He-ell no I'm not shopping outside on Black Friday . Everyone on my list is just getting money ' cause that's all they really care about 
I need to get myself a Double < PROPFEMALE > strategy . Google takes advantage of it and pays only 2.4% income tax . 
My heart goes out to my coworkers who were just given pink slips for the holidays . Too often keeping our jobs has nothing to do with experience , just whose faction we support . They just had the misfortune of supporting the wrong leaders . 
Rammstein was incredible ! Now I hear everything muffled ! 
Woohoo ! First Dec 21st lunar eclipse in 372 years , tonight at 2:35 am ( ET ) . Time to party like it's 1638 !! 
treated to lunch a coworker who got laid off after 21 years . At least she got a $100K severance package , so she's going to start her own business :) 
is cleaning up for the new year ... de-friending those haven't made any comments since asking to be my friend . Don't take it personally , sorry . Need to simplify life , that's all . 
is heading out to Memphis , then San < PROPMALE > next week . Any suggestions on interesting spots to visit/dine ? PS I don't like < PROPMALE > . 
“Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself : I , not events , have the power to make me happy or unhappy today . I can choose which it shall be . Yesterday is dead , tomorrow hasn’t arrived yet . I have just one day , today , and I’m going to be happy in it . ” ~ Groucho < PROPFEMALE > 
Considering one was an analyst and the other a med student , < PROPFIRST > and Kumar were ignorant . If they were by Hoboken they could have driven 12 mins to Jersey City , where there are 2 White Castles on Kennedy Blvd . 
Miracles can happen . Last week I lost my office keys somewhere in NYC during my commute in the snow . This morning one of the security guards hands me my keys ! The thawing snow revealed my keys on the sidewalk and someone turned them in . 
Inspired by watching ' Spartacus , ' I drank honeyed wine ( a.k.a. mead ) for the first time and it was delicious ! So glad the local shop carries it ! 
ADM ! Those jalapeños from Subway are burning like < PROPMALE>'s march through < PROPFEMALE > 
The wind outside . Hurts your face off . 
\After use is very happy \"" 
Saw \Shear Madness\ " in Boston . No wonder it's the longest-running play in US history " 
What a crazy day dealing with media issues on < PROPFEMALE > . Now going home for my weekly fix of .. guess .. ' Outsourced . ' 
Here's a new Urban Dictionary word I just coined : \Noncompoop\ " - ( noun ) State of rushing a deuce in the restroom such that you drafted the email but forget to hit Send . " 
Baltimore bound 
Is there any news on a Hillcrest 25 reunion in the works ? Or are we too busy or jaded to care ? 
Happy International Day of Women ! 
< PROPFEMALE > last week , Montreal next week , then Europe the week after that . Dust bunnies are piling up at home but at least so are the Starwood points .. 
For the life of me , I can't understand why I smell like pencils . I'm not near any pencils .. ever .. yet I smell of graphite and wood . LOL 
Next f*cking loudmouthed Irish-wannabe I see in Hoboken , I'm throwing a glassful of black and tan at them 
I'm outta heeeeeeeere ! Hello Europe . 
