It feels weird to be simultaneously happy for a new job and sad to have to give up the old one ... 

Our universe is governed by certain laws . Gravity , inertia , etc . < PROPFIRST > Udall provides us with another : Woman = Man - ( reason + accountability ) 
Wow ... \Tiny Adventures\ " is very true to the DnD game : Can't roll above a 4 to save my friggen life ... " 
Drove to work this morning ... ambulance went by with its lights flashing . I was the only person to get out of the way . Inconsiderate pricks thought getting to work 30 seconds earlier was worth risking someone's life ... jaskasses . 
\The Man The Third failed the adventure with 10 encounters remaining ! \ " Average D20 : 4.33 . What the hell are you supposed to do when you can't roll > 6 ? " 
Apparently , applying for a home < PROPFEMALE > makes you a common criminal , subject to interrogation and the investigation of your associates for wrong-doing . Silly me , I thought our financial status and ability to pay back the < PROPFEMALE > would be the important factors ... 
On Friday evening , I'll be beginning my conversion to poly-phasic sleep . Mostly for my own records , I'll be making notes every few hours on here about how it's going . I know most people don't read the notes very often , but if you do , and don't want mine spamming you , set yourself up to ignore mine . Sorry if it causes any of you any annoyance . 
Got a new phone . Decided I wanted one that could keep track of my schedule . Then I saw the features on the one a little better than that .... and a little better than that . An hour later , I walked out with the Motorola Droid , the most expensive phone they have . No big deal , though right ? It's not like I'm > $100k in debt and need to save my money , right ? Right ? Crap ... 
Frigen Death Yaks . 
PS3 : 3.2 Ghz processor , 1.8 TFLOPS just in the video card . Dragonball Z Raging Blast : PS3 game with graphics equivalent to the Wii DBZ games . Totally unresponsive . Commands in combat often have to be repeated 2-4 times . How do you fail that hard ? Seriously ? That much horsepower devoted only to your game and you can't even respond to user input ? Where are you beta testers ? Have them shot . 
Showing up at work at 10pm feels odd . 
is beginning to doubt the wisdom behind being on an extreme workout regiment and sleep schedule at the same time . Generally more than one \extreme\ " in your day to day lifestyle starts to take its toll ... " 
Paid for a labtop with Dual CrossFireX - 1GB ATI Mobility Radeon video cards for some high quality gaming . Was delivered a labtop with 1 GeForce Middle-of-the-line piss-ant video card . 
Don't try to lose weight with a woman living in the household with you ... of course if you remove the woman , why lose the weight ? 
Trying to lose weight with a wife is like trying to dry off underwater . Very little progress will be made . 
\The thing about life is ... you always have to keep something on the to-do list . \ " - < PROPMALE > Shore " 
\People like you are the reason people like me need medication . \ " - random T-shirt . " 
Back to basics . Not doing well on P90X ; going to spend a month at the gym rebuilding my determination and self-control , then give it another go . Should still have time to finish it before rafting . 
Finally got around to playing Darksiders . They really need to provide a warning on games like that . \Warning : Will rock your face off . Several hours of your life will be drained away if game disc comes in contact with a PS3 . \"" 
True serentiy is having the world nearly to yourself . Driving the roads between 1 and 3am you almost feel a kinship with those 1 or 2 people that you drive past . You can feel a mutual acknowledgement : We were each master's of our own lonely universe , but now must recognize the passing of another person's universe past our own . Then their lights fade into darkness and the universe is again mine . 
FF XIII sucks an astounding amount . Had I rented the game first , I wouldn't have bought it for more than $10 . 
\Fate is just what you call it when you don't know the name of the person screwing you over . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
People with no sense of history need their own section in political debates . Just as you give coloring books to children to keep them busy while you work , we need these people out of the way while the rest of us engage in a real debate . Called < PROPFEMALE > cowardly for not supporting our illegal war ? Compared Obama to Hitler/Mussolini ? Here's your coloring book . Go sit in the corner . The adults have real issues to debate . 
\Some people cannot be convinced of the flood even as they stand in the waist-deep water . \ " This is a concept I've never been able to properly accept . Being unable to convince someone of the blatantly obvious frustrates me beyond comprehension . " 
Maybe FF13 is a giant corporate practical joke . An amusement park with no mini-games ? Piles of cool vehicles that only get driven during cutscenes ? I just spent an hour wandering from cut-scene to cut-scene with no damn minigames in an amusement park !! It is supposed to be a game ! Let me interact with the cool parts ! Let me drive the vehicles and play some games !!!! 
I don't think I'll ever be able to give up polyphasic sleep . Not because of all of the extra time , but specifically for the incredible feeling of peace one gets from going on a walk while the rest of the world is asleep . 
Ah , gotta love the thunderstorms . Raging outside , peaceful inside . I'm sure there's some prophetic metaphor to be made from that . I'll be enjoying the storm while you think about it . 
So , do I have a bugged copy or do I need to do something other than missions 1-11 to unlock 12 ? Friggen FF13 just keeps pissing me off .... 
was finally enjoy FF13 , up until the end . Seriously SquareEnix , I don't care about beating bosses if you don't give those bosses clearly-defined goals , and me a clearly defined reason/way to stop them . I have never cared any less about the final battle and the fate of my characters post-game than in any previous RPG . 
Dr. Mr. Policeman , I understand that walking around the neighborhood at 2 am makes me suspicious . I am entirely ok with you stopping and having a small conversation with me . I'd be happy to explain polyphasic sleep and the joys of the late-night walk with a techno/hard-rock play-list to you . Your approach of just happening to drive past me slowly 6 times in 40 minutes feels like a waste of your time . 
Maybe I'm missing something . Can someone explain why they hate that Arizona immigration < PROPMALE > ? The group against it is no help ... here's a quote from their page : \The new law makes it a crime under state law to be in the country illegally . \ " Really ? You think making it illegal to do illegal things is inflamatory ? What the hell ?? " 
BAAAAAM !! $500 treadmill marked down to $100 because the display doesn't function . Display fixed with a $3 of solder and $40 worth of bribe to a friend that can fix electronics . $357 profit ! Woot ! 
Our new couches were delivered today . The cats have been having nap-gasms even since . 
I just got done with a religious debate on a Facebook thread . It managed to actually make it 14 posts before a couple people joined that just devolved it into insults and attacks . I think that must be some sort of internet record . 14 straight posts involving disagreements between religious and atheists and we were still intelligently making points and counter-points . 
Mmmm ... feels good to have the old soreness back in my chest and arms . It is a constant reminder that I kicked ass with my lifting yesterday and today my body is busy rebuilding the muscle . 
5 people in an office . 1 on a diet , 4 not . 4 return with the tastiest smelling italian food , ever . The one begins research into the legal requirements of \temporary insanity \"..." 
Hmmm .... reading via the emergency lighting in the building . Not how I planned on spending my time , but my options are limited when the power's out ... 
I gave debating on the internet one more try , now I'm done again . I forgot how infuriating it is to have barely literate morons read about 1/10 words in your post and post back . You're either left with letting the dipshit feel as though they won the debate or repeating yourself 10 times to get your point through to a dumbass that won't understand it anyway . 
is letting the long-buried optimist in him enjoy the possibility that he could be a founding member of a video-game design company in a few years ... 
Seriously , Borderlands , I love the game . Exploring , missions , cool bad guys ... it's all good . But wtf made you think I wanted an addon with just wave after wave of bad guys and no story ? And you didn't even do it well ! You seriously want me to win 25 in a row while gaining no money , no experience and no new items while one slip up takes me all the way back to the beginning ? You made me say it : \Worst . Add-on . Ever . \"" 
is getting pretty damn tired of hearing the phrase , \I can't\ " . " 
We live in a < PROPFEMALE > age of science and technology . I was stuck on the 300lb declining bench lifting program for years . I started using a safe , legal , non-steroid supplement and have now beaten 2 programs in 3 weightlifting sessions . Utter craziness . 4 years of no change , then the simple addition of some different nutrition and my bench goes up by 20 pounds in 2 weeks . 
White water rafting is worth every < PROPFEMALE > . If , however , you choose to purchase some memorabilia after the trip you WILL be screwed with your pants on . 
I love big storms . I am sitting in a fully-lit office . The lightning out-illuminated the lights for a moment and the thunder was so loud it shook the window . Good times . 
I now have a functional Super Nintendo emulator on my 1/4\ deep phone . By the time I'm in a nursing home I'll be playing through Chrono Trigger again on the emulator installed in my contact lense . " 
Ah .... feels good to have the old strength back in my limbs . 
Sigh , Borderlands is a game with such potential implemented by beginners . Why would you be editing the saved game during play so power loss means corrupting the character data ? Why take a mission based game and make me play 300 straight waves of mindless bad guys for a trophy ? And why make a final boss where the only viable strategy for one-on-one is to exploit bugs in the game ? Maybe they'll try harder with BL2 . 
I wonder ... is it a sign of mental strength , or weakness that I am so easily inspired ? My maximum bench press , run speed , muscle endurance , etc goes up by at least 10% when < PROPFIRST > Draiman is belting out the chorus to Indestructible ( or many other songs get nearly the same effect ) . 
Women : Ensuring no man ever goes without his daily alotment of total batshit insanity . 
Re-adjusting to a daily exercise routine ? Tough . Re-acclimating to polyphasic sleep ? Tiring . Getting back on a healthy diet ? Taxing . All three at once ? Now you're into Elite territory . 
is getting twitchy waiting for his new computer . 
My cat got an application for life insurance in the mail today , provided by the AARP . I wonder how they got her name ... or why they thought a 1 year old would be eligible for the AARP ... 
Enjoying playing through the original StarCraft/Broodwar again while I wait for my new computer that can handle SC2 . 
The beast approacheth ... my new computer has shipped . 
Looks like Kingdoms of Camelot is going to start asking me to post a bunch to my wall for benefits ... sorry to anyone that doesn't play ; you can just ignore the app entirely . 
I have reached the peak of my bench press if I don't have a partner . When I have 250 lbs hanging over my head , I don't have the courage to lower it onto my chest unless I know I can pick it back up again . If you only lift what you know you can lift , you don't make much progress . Anybody need a lifting partner at 9:30 pm in North < PROPFEMALE > ? :P 
is still waiting for an MMO that has a plan to handle the fact that nearly every user will be simultaneously downloading patches on release day ... sigh ... 
It isn't often that a single flaw can be so bad that it may stop me from playing an otherwise great game , but FF14 may have managed it . All equipment greater than starter trash must be purchased from other players . To find out what's for sale , you have to go talk to about 250 ( so far ) NPCs . No searching system in place . 
Its all about the creativity , not the technology . I've been playing 3 games recently : Resident Evil 5 , Final Fantasy 14 , and Plants vs . Zombies . The one that doesn't rely on pretty graphics is the most fun . 
GENUINE SWORD THRUST !!! 
Attention : You are not the exception . If you think that everyone else doesn't know how to drive while talking on a cell phone , but you can , YOU ARE WRONG . You are making jackass mistakes , but aren't paying enough attention to notice . The human brain literally cannot pay attention to two things at once . You are not the exception . 
I think some wires got crossed somewhere . My radio-headphones pick up the occasional cell-phone call that happens to have a participant in the building . Seems like there'd be regulations to prevent $30 headphones from picking up 1 side of the cell phone call . 
Why must what I love be destroyed ? They bring back Tecmo Super Bowl , but destroy the gameplay to make it a horrible game . I got NBA Jam in the mail today , and couldn't wait to try it out . They destroyed it , absolutely destroyed it ... AND they added a \come-back AI\ " . Sigh ... " 
Manual-Automatic hybrid transmissions piss me off . Why even bother letting me choose my own gear when you're going to override the decision ? I know how to drive for fuel economy better than an automatic transmission , but it keeps switching it out to give me more acceleration ... friggen annoying ... 
