Just burnt herself with wax ..... 

I just wached 50 first dates on youtube .... 
ALL A's ON MY FINALS !!!!! :D I CANT BELIEVE IT !!!!!!!!! 
Spent all day baking .... I'm in pain now 
I want all the best things in the world for my friends ... but what if your friends were going down the wrong roads . what if your best friend in the world , the one that you could < PROPFEMALE > on , the one you could tell anything , the one that you spent all your time 
I'm going to the BEACH !!!! 
back from the beach ! now I get to relax and wach movies :P ... now I need to work on my drawing skills ( I stink at hands)(and bodies)(people ) .... ( ok ... just about anything thats alive ) 
What am I going to be when I get older ... 
\Whoever publicly acknowleges me I will also acknowlege befor my Father in heaven . But whoever publicly disowns me I will disown before my Father in heaven . \ " < PROPFIRST > 10 : 32-33 " 
I'M GETTING A DOG !!!!!!!!!!! 
I GOT A DOG !!!!!! 
Camp on monday !!! 
CAMP !!!!!!! 
I'm BACK !!!! ... I'm starting to get sick of vacation :( I leave again on wednesday 
I'm at the beach !!!! I need to dring my laptop to the beach that way I can take pictures ... I cant find my camra ... 
BEACH !!!! but unfortunitly I feel like going to die in a cornner im so sick .... Im still having a good time tho . :P Ps ... < PROPFIRST > ... I have a tan and your gonna kill me :P 
I was just at the pool and played a bunch of games with the cousins . now I get to go back to the house and eat amazing arabic food .... and brownies . 
gonna drive home today after we go to the beach one last time ... 
OK ! I think I've finally figured out what I'm gonna do as an adult . I'll go to college and go into writing but I really wanna write songs . be a singer . if you think about it ... good songs inspire and change peoples lifes . I want to try and make a differ 
my grandpas brother just had a heart attack .... he came all the way from egypt to go on a family beach trip ...... 
I MADE A CAKE !!! 
to many vacations and 2 different familys ARE VERY CONFUSING !!!! 
Going to the mountains to see family I only see once every coupple of years ..... :D 
Do nothing out of selfish amition or vain conceit , but in humility consider others better than yourselfs . For each of you should look not only to your own intrests , but also to the intrests of others . Philippians 2:3 -4 
GO'IN TO FLORIDA !!!! THE biggest pain in the but on earth is comming .... but I still love him :P 
< PROPFEMALE > doesnt like summer reading 
I dont wanna have hw :( ... 
I am worn out ..... 
There was a hornet in our garage today . My Dad was trying to kill it without spray . He missed and it came after him , he ran but he tripped and fell on his head and face . I was really scared because he got up really slow and acted like he was ok but he said he felt really dizzy , he has a bad neck and back so Im afraid that he hurt him self . he scraped up his face pritty bad . All I can do is pray for him .... 
MY DOG IS SOOOO CUTE !!! 
Lord , help lead me threw troubled times . empty me of myself and lead me to the cross ..... 
People cant compair their pain , there is a girl that has just had her parents abandon and abuse them could look at a man with no limbs and not understand how he deals with that every day . and same with that man he would lood at that girl and not understand how she could live with tha t.t here is hope in the fact that the lord understands all our pain , and died for us so that we could live without this pain , forever . 
do not argue with fools ... they drag you down to their level and beat you with Experience 
good and hard times come and go but God will never leave you . 
OOOOOh oh oh ! guess what ! I had to watch a war movie in einglish and I could understand what they were saying in arabic !!!! the mom was saying lets go to her kid :D Im so happy ! 
sick ....... < PROPFEMALE > 
..... in hard times you have to smile , not because your strong but because Gods strong and is there with you through everything . When others find out about your hard times then its < PROPFEMALE > to God because they will see that he is what makes you strong ! 
MAKEING BROWNIES !!!!!!!! ..... again 
wow ... I just realized that Im the only person that says stuff on my wall ... thats sad ... if you read this can you comment on my wall that way I feel like my social life doesnt stink and that all my friends ignore me ..... 
weekend weekend weekend weekend :D ..... 
I changed my name ! there are too many Katies .... it got really annoying 
trying to write a song that I can sent to a record company ... 
Please visit my blog at http://thesecondlight.blogspot.com/ thank you ! if you like it then you should sighn up to follow it ! :) 
I wish HW could do it's self ..... :( 
SICK ! AGAIN ! !!!!!!!!! grrr 
:) ... 
Church tomorrow :) <3 
My faith in Jesus is something I will defend with my life . If someone tells me Im wrong and disrespects me I will not consent and I will not agree . wether its my elder or not they will not make me agree with them . no matter who it is . I will not consent . because the Lord is with me , and gives me His strengh . so that I may stand for Him 
:P I made bannana bread and my family loved it so much that it was almoast GONE the night i made it ..... I guess Im a good cook .... :P 
what you say and what you do reflect whats in your heart . I encurage those who read this to watch what they say do and even think this week and see if your reflecting what God would want you to reflect . 
God has reasons for everything even if we cans see it at the time . in hard times its very hard to see any good in whats happening but take hope in the fact that everything is in his hands ... :) 
DRIVERS < PROPMALE > STATRTS MON . !!!!!!!!!!!!! :P ( dont procrastinate .... I should have already had my permit ) 
Is trying to see what God's plan is for her 
Daughters of the < PROPMALE > is this weekend !!! 
I PASS < PROPMALE > DRIVERS < PROPMALE > !!! <3 LOOK OUT < PROPFEMALE > 
Really needs some true chhristian friends that can I can trust and rely on 
Painting the whole house :) but its taking forever .... 
YAY < PROPFEMALE > is comming :D !!!! 
Christmas is almoast here . lets not forget that we are not selebrating the fact that we are getting presents or that family is getting together , thats part of it sure but Christmas it to selebrate the birth of Christ and becsuse of that we are saved and we can be with God for eternity . 
studying for midterms ...... 
WHY DO TEACHERS GIVE HW SO CLOSE TO MIDTERMS !!! 
Did you know that even adults can learn from < PROPFEMALE > ? let me tell you how . remember back to childhood , remember that kind of blind faith you had . you beleived < PROPFEMALE > was there , no questions . That kind of faith is an extreemly good example of the kind of faith we need to have in Christ . 
I am out of my mind ... Please leave a message 
YES !!!!!!!! :D EXAMS ARE OVER !!!!!!!!!!! 
SNOW !!!!!!! :D 
The only thing I can do is pray .... 
school tomorrow :( ..... 
You have heard that it was said you shall love your neighbor and hate your enemy . But I say to you , love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you . < PROPFIRST > 5:43 -44 
Blessedare the poor in spirit , for theirs is the kingdom of heaven . Mattew 5:3 
loo ? ???? s ??? puno ? ? sn ? ? lol 
People that dedicate their lifes to disproove the Bible are very sad . because they are spending there time trying to disproove the very God that created them . And yet as they lead thousand of other people astray God still loves them . when we as Christians face people that persecute us we must be like God and love them too . 
Look out world !!!! I'll be on the road next saturday !!!!! 
spent all weekend reading .... it was a lot more exiting then it sounds . I had to look up frequently to stop from having a heart attack and I had to cool down cus every time I looked up my face was red ... !!! 
YES !!!! DRIVING TOMORROW !! 
Drove today ! had to sit on 2 pillows and proud of it :P 
YES !!!! pass < PROPMALE > drivers < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
yay !!! I get to see my bff form Verginia !!! 
is thinking 
teaching myself the piano .... 
I think I might have a stress fracture in my foot ...... :P mattres sufing was fun .... 
OH MY GOSH !!!! I am dancing in my chair listening to new music I found !!! I am so happy I finnally found my kinda music in a christian band !!!!! YES !!!! 
i have had a really bad coupple of days , please pray for me if you read this . thanks :) 
is thankful for wonderful friends and family ! 
Time for home work ... 
if you read this visit my blog ! the link on fb is messing up so just copy and paste it into your URL . http://where-home-is-found.blogspot.com 
just made a new poast on my blog ! if you haven't already then click follow this blog and you can go any time . http://where-home-is-found.blogspot.com/ 
Just made homemade fudge !!! I'm baked out now but I need to make more for the english party on tuesday !!! 
??? • ?? ???????? ?? • ??? 
Sometimes after it feels like you have drifted away from God you find that he was really there the whole time and you are that much more motivated to live for God ... ! 
Christ has risen !!! 
† Lord let us not take our happiness from the things surrounding us . Our surroundings can change but your love for us is never changing . Let us take our happiness and hope from what we know we will alwayse have no matter what our circumstanses . 
My Big-sis IS ENGAGED !!!!!! :D 
I GOT A RAT FOR MY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!! AND HE IS BLIND IN ONE EYE :P 
birthday !! cant wait :P 
THANKS EVERYONE !!!! :D !!!!! 
YES !!!! I LOVE ALL MY B-DAY PRESENTS !!!!!!!!! <3 
I am so exited about everything right now !!!! God has blessed me so greatly , even when it seems like something is going horribly wrong I know that everything that is happening is for the < PROPFEMALE > of the Lord !!! 
You LORD are ... were ... and will be . Lord Help me to keep that first in my mind . 
My help comes from the Lord ! <3 
THANK YOU SO MUCH GOD FOR THE GIFT OF DRAWING !!!! 
studying .............. O.o ..... I must keep my eyes open 
YES !! God has gotten me out of finals alive ! I'm FREEEEEEE :D summer here I come ! 
Is out to prove something to the world !!!! :P 
Lord , guide my heart in all things 
Back from 2 weeks of vacation !!!!!! 
looking forward to my nice boring day ... :) I can hear it already ( quiet ) 
!!! < PROPFEMALE > misses < PROPFEMALE > Klema 
? ? What if he takes his place in history ? /with all the prophets and the kings . / who taught us love , and came in peace . / but then the story ends . / what then ? / but what if your wrong ? / what if there's more ? / what if there's hope you've never dreamed of hoping for / what if you jump just close your eyes ? / what if the arms that catch you catch you by surprise ? 
:( everyone has gotten their class schedule but me ... 
AHHHH !!! THE SUMMER IS CONFUSING THE DAYS IN MY HEAD !!!!!! 
packing !!! ..... 
grrr .... I stayed up till five in the morning ! BUT I'M NOT TIERD !!! O.o 
HOME !!! from vacation !!! .... he he now I gotta do my summer reading by wednesday :) then its back to school for me . this year will be very interesting . 
first day ... me #1 : hey this isn't so bad . \ 
me #2 : oh yah look at all the hw you have . \ 
me #1 : AHHHHHH O.o \ 
me #2 : are you still happy to be back at school ??? \ 
me #1 : O.O .................. hey if your me why do you have to ask me a question ? \ 
arn't you supposed to already know the answer ? \ 
me #2 : hey your the one talking to yourself don't ask me . .... 
O.o NEED SLEEP ........ 
AHHHHH !!!! HW IS EATING MY LIFE !!!! O.o 
sometimes you have no idea what God was thinking till after the fact then you look back and see how much it made sense ! 
I'm just learning lessons everywhere .... 
So whaether you eat or drink or whatever you do , do it all for the < PROPFEMALE > of God . 1 Corinthians 10:31 .... < PROPFIRST > really does mean WHATEVER you do ... not just some 
Can't feel anything with half of her thumb ... :( i burnt it while I was \cooking\ " .... now when i touch things I only feel tingling with the right half of my finger :P " 
procrastinating ... 
oh , Your love is a symphony / All around me / Running through me /Your love is a < PROPFEMALE > / Underneath me / Running to me / oh , your love is a song .... switchfoot !!! :D 
I left my profile up on the computer and my sister decided it would be funny to post things .... what she was unaware of was that I knew how to log onto hers :P 
Just needs to step back and breath for a little while 
slleeeeeep 
.... ok so apperantly my birthday is national \weed day\ " ...... um ..... O.o " 
needs to put her focus on God and not herself ... 
had lots of fun at open gym night ! but I was the only < PROPMALE > girl ! :) oh well I had fun hanging out with the seniors :P 
Is praying that I honor God with my choices 
I may look as if I am doing nothing ..... but on a molecular level I am really quite buisy :) 
homework on holloween ! yay .. 
... I never really notice just how much stage fright I have untill I am about to talk to a group of people ... O.o 
Ready for the week to be over now .. 
please pray for me 
has been having bad luck with pointy objects lately ... 2 stab wounds on one hand :( 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at The Gates of Heaven . This is a simple request . If you love God and you are not ... afraid ... to show it , repost 
time to start listening to christmas music !!! 
been in a baking frenzy !! I made fudge ( and not that gross marshmellow stuff .. the real < PROPFEMALE > ! ) 
made cookies last night !!! 
Lord < PROPMALE > me the strength to be content where I am . The < PROPFEMALE > to wait on your timing , and the faith to remember that you have your hand alwayse on my heart . 
ITS SNOWING !!!! BEST DAY EVER !! :D 
neeed a naaap 
I was wondering why all of a sudden nobody was on facebook then I realized .... MIDTERMS ! 
Two more days !!!!!! :D ..... two more horrible sleep deprived days O.o .... then BREAK YEsSSS ! 
I can't make it clearer , put it any other way , if you can't see the simple truth I do , then theres nothing in this world thats left to say , but Jesus loves you .. 
sitting in one room studying for midterms on my day off ... THEN ! all of a sudden a huge CRASH comes from the other room .... * I wince becasue I already know what it is * ... I walk into the other room ... and the christmass tree is on the ground with all the bulbs underneath it ... 
Bringing home made taffy to church tomorrow !! :DDD Hope everyone loves it !! 
had fun last night watching the grinch at the Testers house with friends :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! < PROPFEMALE > ryone !!! :D 
WEEKEND ! O.o time to sleep 
live every second of your life to the < PROPFEMALE > of God . Live an example and remember that Christ died for you . 
it's only tuesday and I already need sleep O.O 
sometimes the only thing you can do is pray 
Hallelujah ! all I have is Christ . Hallelujah ! Jesus is my life . 
schoooooooooooooooooooolllll es aburrida .. 
Just got a WHOLE pack of musterd seeds from my APES teacher !!! :DDDDD 
sick :( ... 
we should read the Bible not to just read it ... we need to read it to change . 
only a girl would spend all day trying to improove their handwriting ... :P 
love debating but i hate arguments 
I have just been kidnapped by myself pay me 1000000 dollars if you ever want to see me again 
Mom Hackers strike ..... Love you !!!! 
2 ....... hours ........ of ....... sleep ....... O.o 
< PROPFEMALE > loves her Grandma < PROPMALE > . 
ok I chalange all of you to go 24 hours without saying anything negative about anyone ... trust me it is harder then it sounds . and if you mess up then start over from scratch . maybe by paying more attention to our actions we will see just how much we are in need of Gods grace and sacrifice he made for us through his son Jesus Christ . 
