WHY DO THEY HAVE TO MAKE EVERYTHING SO DARN DIFFICULT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Damned Government , Damned Senate . 

? Goodbye . and goodnight . i was wrong , and you were right . It's too late the double back , and i'm . too . tired . Let the cards fall . Where they may . By the time they land i'll be far away . I'll be gone . beyond the deep . living in an eternal sleep . ? 
chauvinist , i thought he was baptist 
wants some form of electronic gaming device , portable or otherwise 
is trying to decide if he should do the shakespeare thing 
Can't believe MR . Estrada isn't going to be a teacher no more ! 
LOVES OPERA 10+ UNITE 
will , in less than 24 hours , be sitting front row at the Stratford Festival presentation of West Side Story . 
is a lil worried about 
is a lil bit woried about bye bye < PROPFEMALE > 
had a wierd dream last night . It was like living in a horror movie , but it wasn't a nightmare . No adren < PROPMALE > ine rush , no waking up screaming et < PROPMALE > . 
everything left is last minute and is now , officially bored 
what is the point of chixos ?!! 
according to the new target commercial , a little blonde girl loves me . 
feels like an idiot because he only JUST found out that his hero , without whom the most annoying people in the world would not exist , is dead , and has been for a month . RIP < PROPFIRST > MAYS 
is finally over 5 ft . tall !!!!!!!!!! 
has a wierd dragon staring at him , and OMG , THE EYES FOLLOW ME 
: putnam : 
has anyone else ever seen the TV show Space Cases 
* yadada * 
did anyone else see the twist in A Perfect Getaway a long way off ? 
wants to wallow in misery 
has a new love of facebook ! 
is ticked . 
If i did my math right , there are 1251 current mhs students on facebook 
don't ever EVER kiss < PROPFIRST > bond . if you do , you're dead , be it by gold painting , oil drowning , shooting , regular drowning , shark , etc . etc . your dead . unless your russian , of course , then you have a < PROPMALE > . 
is really an idiot for this . 
the quality of product promotion has gone down since the death of < PROPFIRST > Mays 
gaahhhhhh . I just made a perfect flat-felled stitch , only to have my machine gunk up !!!!!!!!!!! 1 
such a pretty seam . what a shame to waste . 
why is it that everything i do turns out perfect ..... until the last step , where it all goes horribly , horribly wrong . 
loves how the first spongebobs actually had some kind of moral . Well , so much for that . 
was hunting cryptids before anyone even knew about the secret saturdays 
HMOCTLAEOTR !!!!!! KAREN : THE MUSICAL SHALL BE THE MOST AMAZING , ZYGOMATIC , , DRUG INDUCED , ALCOHOLIC , < PROPMALE > , SARCASTIC , RHINOPLASTIED , MAMMOPLASTIED , LIPOSUCKED , MADE UP , SWINGS-BOTH-WAYS EVENT THE WORLD HAS EVER KNOWN ! IF THEY FOR SOME IDIOTIC , CRASS , STUPID , REASON DO not MAKE KAREN : THE MUSICAL , I WILL PERSONALLY PRODUCE IT MYSELF ! AND THEN < PROPFEMALE > BROADWAY , AND GET EVERYONE I KNOW TO BOYCOTT IT , ARE YOU IN ?!?!?!?! 
that was incredibly depressing . 
is much a bit of an idiot . 
needs some methylphenidates right now !!!! i bet your searching for what those are riiiight about now . 
feels like increasing his status happiness level . Yay ! Yahooo ! huzzah ! happy ! excited ! woohoo ! Happy ! great ! Thanks ! positive ! Enjoy ! good ! happy ! enjoy ! huzzah ! excitment ! Yay ! Pupa ! goody ! happy ! mangonel ! I like lemons . 
feels like increasing his status happiness level . Yay ! Yahooo ! huzzah ! happy ! excited ! woohoo ! Happy ! great ! Thanks ! positive ! Enjoy ! good ! happy ! enjoy ! huzzah ! excitment ! Yay ! Pupa ! goody ! happy ! mangonel ! I like lemons 
eh . just eh . 
dagnabbit , every time a new google earth comes out , there are clouds over my house !!!! STUPID SATELLITES !!!!!! 
evile evile mind . 
blam . 
A prayer to Saint Frosty Saint frosty with your corn cob pipe < PROPMALE > my prayer and I’ll not gripe All is ask is that tomorrow May < PROPFIRST > Frost's ice you borrow And bring with you a day of snow And all our happiness shall grow . 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . Not kidding you , it worked . 
distwaction is one of de mwost fatal diseases . and I am mwost pwainfuwi stwicken . 
it seems i get the last line twice in a row . 
runs away from trouble like a fish runs away from water ... at a speed of -50000000000000000000000000 megalomanimiles an hour . 
is very , very happy with my latest creation !!! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!! 
so xcited for tomorrow , couldn't focus on homework all day !!! stupid annoyingness . 
if only i actually had add . then maybe there would be something/someone other than myself to blame . 
according to the USD383 website , no school tomorrow ! 
is craving brownies . you should bake me some . I live in timbercreek 3 , call me for the exact address . 
DAGNABBIT DAGNABBIT DAGNABBIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DAGNABBIT DAGNABBIT DAGNABBIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DAGNABBIT !!!!! 
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!! Isn't it soooo much fun when somebody won't believe something you know about yourself . and they think they know you better . and there is nooo way you could ever convince them . so much fun . 
keep you hands off my momma , keep you hands of my doritos ! 
is having a touhg time deciding between watching the superbowl , and watching the PUPPY BOWL < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! you cannot be sad watching the puppybowl ! 
I lost the game . 
my name is not aptronymic . 
is a fan of 402 pages , and a member of 204 groups . there should be a page/group for that . 
is addicted to warheads supersour spray 
SMASH MOUTH ! SMASH MOUTH ! 
men 
ask me any question at formspring.me/costumeCRAZY . oh yeah , and I may have been to subtle earlier . men . * likes * get the picture now ? if you don't , look at my info tab . 
hmm , somewhat disappointing day . noone get's what I was trying to say.my mind cramped upmy world slowed downI really wantto get out of this townand so , to sign off of this dayi guess i really just wanted to say ... oh well . 
If all the people in the world were to stop for ink to drink Even then , I dare to say The craziest I'd be , I think 
is angry . really really angry . It means nothing , I don't know why I am bother sharing , maybe just to say something , but I am angry . So angry , I dare say I could curse . ( those who know me , they know this means really really really angry . I'm angry . 
is a non-malevolent social vampire . well , sorta . 
is this a lie ? I really can't tell . All that I know , is that i don't feel well . 
was not made for this kind of weather ! 
really needs to stop . 
sooo , yeah , um face-chipz , no . really just no ... 
is done fanning pages ! on another note , i'm going to try and get a new profile pic put together by monday ... on another note , i really don't know . 
Decisions , decisions . Decisions , decisions and idiocy . 
thinks everything would be easier if he could just actually hold a grudge . 
just finished his first dior < PROPFEMALE > petal , I sense a calling ! 
ninjirate or piringa ? 
FINISHED ! it will be uploaded soon . 
Two nights ago , does anyone remember if they dreamt about lions ? Really important 
J'ai < PROPFEMALE > cœuer d'artichaut , et parce qu'il est comme cette , je voudrais loin il jette . Je m'excuse , s'il vous plaît excuser < PROPFEMALE > gram < PROPFEMALE > ire . 
Si toutes < PROPMALE > Romantiques de la terre , ont < PROPFEMALE > même rêverie que moi , Alors , alors , je < PROPMALE > comprends , j'ai < PROPFEMALE > cœur d'artichaut , et parce qu'il est comme cette , S'il est bon , je dis aime , S'il est doux , je dis aime , S'il par < PROPFEMALE > me quelquechose , je dis aime , Alors , j'ai < PROPFEMALE > cœur d'artichaut , et parce qu'il est comme cette , je voudrais loin il jette . 
Hehe , well , would you look at the time ! 
is angry at UPS !!! Why the h ell won't you let me send a brown paper package all tied up with string ! 
SAPHOIDI !!!! 
Is already a cyborg . There is no denying it . You probably are too . 
New alpaca hoodie = happy . Warm summer weather =\\ = happy . 
is angry ! :v 
Soooo , the new school year starts on august 24th for all us non-seniors/non-movers/etc . How exciting , that's like a week more summer . It still means school is restarting . 
the music industry is currently obsessed with bowling alleys . 
is trying to decide whether some one as or more insane than himself , or someone calm/rational would be better ... tough call ... but i'm going to have to say ... at least as insane . 
To make a lame pop . culture reference , is talking to himself on his facebook wall ... 
WHAT !!!! NO !!!!!! NO !!!!! I CAN NO LONGER BECOME A FAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FACEBOOK YOU HAVE GONE TOO FAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!! IMMA GONNA KEEL YOU(not) !!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GGGGAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! 
is somewhat amused by his Glee character-match quiz results . I'm sure i don't need to actually say it . 
feels a cold coming on ... yay :/ 
Hi there , I'm . looking for your twin . You know , then nice/ kind person who looks just like you ? Because you are obviously the evil one ... xD 
is secretly sherlock holmes ... 
The ones who fight hardest against us , are the ones who inspire us to fight for ourselves ! 
hmm , I'm gonna having to back to my old standby , grr .... on a happier note , did you know merriam webster's defines slut as a saucy girl ? 
went to sleep with a migraine , woke up with a migraine , went back to sleep with a migraine , woke back up with a migraine , went back to sleep with a migraine , woke up with a headache . I really love my life :/ 
Loves when a song comes on and he can feel the smile sneaking onto his face . 
nothing seems to really be helping . Feel free to , you know , forget about me . I'm not going anywhere . And then , if you do remember for some reason , I'll still be here , so we can talk .... maybe ... or not . It doesn't really matter . I just don't care .... p ... s ... my period key is on the < PROPMALE > .............................. 
is watching disney channel in his utter boredom . He is surprised to find he can no longer tell < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > apart as easily as he used to ....... is that weird ? 
grrrrr ....... still annoyed ......... period still at a whack ................ each .............. unrelated ................... yet .......... so ......... frustrating ............. want .............. to ............ stab .......... now ................................................................. grrrr ................. serre-moi .......................... 
Things just keep getting better ! :/ 
Thinks it's going to be a while before he can be made to feel well . 
now's the time to find something new , something to hold on to ... 
not impressed 
\There must be a secret message from Dumbledore hidden in the icing ! \"- Hermione Granger " 
\Some wizards just like to boast that theirs are bigger and better than other people's . \"- also Hermione Granger " 
\Vot is the point of being an international Quidditch player if all the good-looking girls are taken ? \"- Viktor Krum " 
so much for that . 
I am the leader , FOLLOW ME !! Twitter.com/itsactuallyfee 
is only slightly surprised that every single one of our favorite background/extra fish on spongebob has a name ... Hello < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Nat , < PROPFIRST > , Nacy < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Scooter . 
feels kinda sick right now . yay ! 
just checked my < PROPFEMALE > count ... total < PROPFEMALE > s = 4,468 ... Need to stop . 
This is a test of the system . Please don't disappoint me facebook . I really don't need this right now . p.s. President Obama ... 
is not sure he's ever written anything so depressing . But he loves it anyway ! 
finding out that you can get portal ... for free ... the same weekend that you have to do a marriage lab is not necessarily the best timing . 
evo price released . $199.99 , with rebate . Considering my father is a valued customer , maybe more discounts ? I think it might just be doable ... I might just be one happy camper . 
crinkled tulle makes me happy . \ 
pre-ordering my Evo also makes me happy . \ 
Something tells me the next two weeks are going to take forever ! 
e-15 
wonders how many devs who went to I/O have uploaded unboxing/hands-on/first impression vids on youtube tonight/today . I envy them . Mind you , to continue the baby metaphor , watching the vids are kinda like looking at sonograms/ultrasounds , but ... for ... other ... peoples .. babies . Almost E -14 . 
I must admit , playing around with the new Chrome beta , and considering the fact that I am going to be getting an android phone , I'm liking it . Speed-check . Attractiveness-check . Integration-not quite , but doable . Speed makes up for it . Overall-Me-likey . 
is really hoping for a snow day right now ... 
its kinda trivial , but i'm going to use this status to show that i am pretty freaking ticked . anyway , cookies , brownies , or other baked/non-baked chocolate cake cookies would be greatly , greatly , greatly appreciated ! :) . love , Fee <3 
wow . it's over . i can't quite believe it . monday will be odd . 
Confused . Has anyone every heard of getting an email addressed to someone else ? 
well , I wrote about 50 words of a story last night , that was going REALLY well . But , then word froze and decided that all the times I saved it before didn't matter . Trying to be computer-smart and get it back , but this might not work as well as I hope . 
Just killed a spider with febreeze and a lightsaber . Feeling pretty freaking cool . 
When I die , I want to be cremated , because some member of my family will inevitably spill me ( perhaps thinking my urn is a cookie jar ) and I will get on EVERYTHING . then , I can continue to freak people out while simultaneously travelling the world . Or I could just learn about the wonders of trash disposal . 
Surprise baseball game in kc = fun times . 
Why is that everyone on tv hates dodgeball ? It seems odd , considering how much I remember everyone looking forward to dodgeball days ... 
I may be running android now , but I'm still excited to see what comes out of WWDC tomorrow . 
What is it about the female singing voice , french in particular , that is just so damned irresistible . < PROPFEMALE > Myrtille , Amelie < PROPMALE > Crayons , and < PROPFEMALE > Villeminot , don't be surprised if I steal your voices and put them in a bottle . 
The FRC needs to disappear off the face of the earth . They really do . They've reached the last straw with me , and I really don't know how to react . ( thankfully not as evil as I thought , but still incredibly evil ) 
The role he was made to play , < PROPFIRST > Hayes as the other BP . Very much enjoying the Tonys , depressed that they skimmed over the design awards . 
Is there any particular reason why three upside down bagels are scattered randomly throughout this unopened pack of bagels ? - me to myself 
It's a nice feeling . finishing a book . Especially one tithe end of a very long series . Now , time to go sleepy-bye . 
The ellipsis is my best friend ... 
Is not butter . Can ya believe it ? 
Well , here we go . 
So there was this car driving by with a glared windshield and I saw this Jbeibz looking hair person , and then I realized it was an old lady 
Is going to be walking . A lot . Yay . 
Is a failure . 
Just bought a sharpie 8 pack for $6.95 . Yay . 
Is in love with his new pink tennis ball ! 
Is now feeling depressing unhappy , anguish new tennis ball can't help . 
My artichoke heart is at it again . Sort of . Yay . not . 
Is worried about this state of events . So little time left , and I don't think it's my fault . Even if it isn't , I am worried . 
Oh yeah , um , I guess I'm back . Look for things I was too lazy too upload in the next couple days . 
so i was just writing an exciting hilarious new note , when somehow the browser refreshed and I lost it . thanks safari . 
p.s. Soooooooo , can we NOT see what groups people have joined anymore , or am I missing something ? 
you call it a copy machine ... I call it a POSTERIOR DUPLICATOR ! 
is sad that someone unfriended me . Sorry if I offended , annoyed , irritated , bothered , bit , ate , slapped , kneed , punched , mentally abused , didn't talk to and/or loved you . 
< PROPFIRST > Sheu , < PROPFIRST > Kramer , < PROPFEMALE > McHaney , < PROPMALE > Stegeman , I feel like its about time we have another movie night , but that's maybe just me . 
needs to buy an accordion , but can't decide on the make and model ... prices , prices , pros and cons , colors and colors . 
Enjoys talking to customer service in a mildly southern accent 
needs new clothes 
Feels like crap . 
Christmas in July wishlist : child prodigy toy accordion or baronnelli 17 key accordion , black or tan lyrical sandals size 5 or 6 , contact lenses , dinner with Mikhail bulgakov , Jaane tu ya Jaane dvd , green bicycle deck , Rheo Thompson mint smoothies , < PROPMALE > Hortons chocolate dip donut , a pair of white , real , or pink sunglasses , a cute boy and a sweet sixteen idea . 
Can be one charming mustard . 
Christmas in July Wishlist part 2 : Red < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Beirendonck sunglasses . < PROPMALE>'s 511s or 514s in Reef and Fever . Unlimited fabric . A designer pass for Spoonflower . More time . Chalk hem marker . plastic cabinet/box pieces . More knitting lessons . a music box . A label name . 
Is getting his butt kicked , punched and bitten , quite literally . Thank you five year olds . SOME pictures/ videos will follow . 
needs something , but doesn't know what . finding this would be the ultimate Christmas in July gift . But more reasonable lists are still on their way . 
Baby , its cold outside ! 
Has played the song 70 million 70 times ... 69999930 times left . 
Loses track of time way too easily . 
Is sick as a sick dog . 
Enough flimmer-flammer ... I NEED to buy an accordion , but which one !?!? 
Just ordered his accordion 
is missing something . Oh yeah , maybe its his accordion ... Shipping should be instantaneous by now . 
Do any of you believe in dream sharing ? 
< PROPFIRST > fowles is awesome . It's her birthday . Happy birthday Ave ! 
needs someone to watch shark week with ;) ( currently watching mythbusters marathon ... yes , currently laughing at shark week commercial ... yes ) p.s. where is < PROPMALE > ??????!!!!!??? 
Appreciates the fact that my first name is Romance surname friendly . 
I feel like we need to have a Christmas in July party . and you know what would be fun , if we rented a < PROPFEMALE > ? But seriously , Xmas in July ! 
Put \shut up and let me go\ " on replay and lost track of time . I can't decide if I have too many or too few spontaneous dance parties ... " 
Apparently , if you tilt a vacuum at just the right < PROPFEMALE > , stuff WILL fall out . Huh , who knew ? 
UPS say \Scheduled Deliver : 14-July-2010\ " UPS better be right ... " 
wakes up in 45 minutes 
34 
is a crap person . I apologize to all of you . 
Sorry , kinda got lost in the fact that my ACCORDION IS HERE !!!!!!! 
can play \twinkle twinkle\ " and \ " jingle bells\ " and is working on adapting the violin part of \ " Dostoevsky's Lullaby . \"" 
Wants him some sour gummy candies . Be they worms or small children , or something entirely else . 
Unfortunately for me , my dad seems to like miley < PROPMALE > and not like accordion music . Yay . 
Saddened , I shall try to sleep . 
Did anyone know that < PROPFEMALE > , the < PROPMALE > , well technically < PROPFEMALE > Peterson , was born in Manhattan Kansas ? I'm mildly amused . 
Seriously sir , youre gonna call me ma'am . I don't sound young enough to be a miss ? You have to courtesy to call me ma'am , but not to tell if I'm actually a woman ? Kthanxforclearingthatupbai . 
Is officially a gilt group member , excited for tomorrow's deals . 
Based on the monster ball tour bus outside my hotel , I'm 67% sure Lady Gaga is staying in the same hotel as I am . I'm not sure I'll be able to sleep . 
Gonna stay up in case Lady Gaga pops over for a visit . 
What is it about white gloves that makes me feel like a criminal mastermind ? Well , like more of a criminal mastermind than normal ... 
After a few stumbles , I'm through the gate . Canada ( via Detroit ) I'm on my way ! 
Is on a ferry boat ride . 
O Canada , I've missed you . 
Finds himself a little bit sad . 
I don't hate many things about being short , but not being able to buy clothes is one of the ones I do . 
Sometimes it bothers me that I almost physically cannot curse/swear . Like , seriously can't . And if I do , I kill myself over it for hours . grr 
Isn't used to people being so unbelievably , impossibly , crazy , creepily , awesomely nice . Well , that's Canada for you . 
tragic mispelling ... \IMMA CUT YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU BETH ! \"" 
Lost in the land of free music downloads .... sleep , as usually , is a tertiary concern . 
35 legally free songs sans music free trial ... a good night . 
No service today/tomorrow , possibly WiFi . Talk to you silly us-ers later ! 
\It's not just .. it's not just falling in love 
I feel ... uncomfortable . I wished you'd have been here , kept my mind from wandering . 
2 minute video of the water at my feet to follow . 
Hi airplane . I know its not night , but still , I hope you're not a shooting < PROPFEMALE > , cuz I'm riding . inside of you , and that would get too hot . 
Plane was not a shooting < PROPFEMALE > . Landed safe and cool ... until I stepped outside . 
< PROPMALE > Rockford \Dorf\ " Sheffield has entered my house and I could die . " 
you thought popping bubbles was fun the normal way , well you haven't tried using a bike pump to ' splode them from the inside ! 
Does anybody else listen to their ipod and the radio at the same time ? 
e . kthanxbai4life , for I am going to go live in the Cave of Despair in the Valley of Suffering surrounded by Mountains of Lost Hope , in turn surrounded by the Desert of Broken Dreams , in turn surrounded by the Beach of Wrecked Lifes on the Island of Failishness in the Gulf of Utter Misery in the Sea of Fallen Tears on the long lost Planet 17 ( Affectionately termed \Planet ' All is lost'\ " by the guys NASA lost there . ) " 
wait a second .... why can you tag PAGES in notes ? It seems odd .... 
Gotta love a good book . 
In my dream I was a super cool cross between < PROPFIRST > Bond , < PROPMALE > Gump , and Jesus Christ , trying to protect < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > from evil spies by retrieving a flower from an island with edible fake plant covered pyramids and returning on a shrimp boat . < PROPMALE > diCaprio was there too , I think . And maybe < PROPMALE > Ford . 
Not to be overly . dramatic , sentimental and pointless , but I probably need you right , because no matter what , you don't make things worse , in fact you usually make me feel bunches better , and I could use some cheering up . 
if my favorite artists were my lovers , I would be such a slut , and getting sluttier daily . 
pitter . patter . pitter . patter . pitter . patter . it's raining , it's pouring , the old man is snoring .... 
Is happy that his violin is tuned properly for the first time in 6 years , too bad I can't play it anymore . 
For she is a golly food gellow , for she is a golly food gellow , for she is a golly food gellow , which nobody can de-nihigh ! 
Finding books I didn't remember buying makes me happy . i.e. if you want to make me love you , take me book shopping , drug me so I don't remember , then hide the books in my room . Thanks darlings . 
Rise my friends , rise and let us take back the dirndls of our youth , the violins of our freedom . We must prove to the mice that we are not visor ! 
Is nothing new 
It depresses me when nice people are too blinded by their niceness to realize that they are so nice they become jerks . :( 
Doesn't feel so well , doesn't feel so well at all . 
It's almost amusing how much I consistently fail . 
Oklahoma where the wind comes sweeping down the plains ! 
Kstat ... yay ... 
Superyay ... 
It is legitly hard to remain positive when you have an inch long skewer skewered into your foot :/ thank someone somewhere it's out ! 
And so , a new vocalist shall steal my heart .... I hope the others understand . 
Music makes me so very happy . 
forgot how fun it was to bake at midnight . Rediscovered it . Everyone should try it before they ... you know ... go to sleep ... cuz it's late ... Thespian party tomorrow is going to be brilliant . Me+Maxwell Rockford Sheffield+Other Officers + 200 other Thespians = bloody amazing . See you all there , darlings ! 
Fun fun .... 
Mandolin ? Here ? Now ? OMGTTLYYESSSSSSSSS ! 
Sigh ..... I believe I have happened upon an impasse 
Soooo .... I made myself a new renaissance shirt , and a pair of tights ( without a pattern ) in about 7 hours ..... what did you do ? P.s. these tights are pink and ruffled .... they basically win .... 
The most dangerous thing you could possibly do is put something in a safe place . 
So I just seriously killed ANOTHER spider with a light saber ... all I need is a training session with yoda and obi-wan , and I'm gonna be a JEDI ! 
Almost all my favorite British people are going to be in one movie this December and I am absolutely psyched ... methinks this may be one of the best bday gifts .... and its my favorite shakespeare as interpreted by the one of the most original ladies in the directing business no less ! Sigh .... December 10 here I come . 
So darlings , how do I feel ? Well , to be < PROPFIRST > , although , I don't plan on getting my name changed , I feel worried , and I don't quite know why .... for some reason I feel far away from you darlings , and I miss you , though I walk amongst you every day . So , how do I feel ? Maybe scared ... and I don't quite know why . Maybe you could tell me . 
\YOU'LL NEVER BE SCOTTISH ... NEEEVVVVVVEEEERRRRRRR \"- Olivia " 
ALL MY FAVORITE SINGERS WEAR MY SHOES ! I FEEL SUPER SUPER COOL !.. and weird .... BUT MOSTLY COOL ! 
Freaking huge Jenga castle with video of it in its < PROPFEMALE > and its destruction ... check \ 
Homemade chocolate pudding ... spoonlickin-check \ 
Homework .... 
must he be so damn attractive ? : < 
Needs a man to kill spiders for him when the force , and his light saber , are not with him . 
With all the stuff in the news lately , I feel so lucky that I've never really been called gay , queer , etc . as an insult or bullied mentally , or physically , for who I am .. thank you usd383 , what you lack in money , you make up for in class and ice cream treats . 
Damn you computer lag ! 
Despite the fact that everyone loves it , have you ever noticed how every TV kid protagonist hates it ? 
needs help ... not urgently , but sometime . 
Too sentimental , that's what I am . Need a good something to feel so strongly about . 
Hmmmm ..... I am so incredibly uninteresting ... it's not even funny ... which guess ... is the point ... but still ... wow ... I need to change something ... or ... wow ... 
Habanera from Carmen .... methinks yes ... Thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
\is that a man or a woman !? \ " Yells < PROPFEMALE > concerning the creepy ( wo)man in the car next to us .... little does she realize the window is open ... he laughed .... and so did we . " 
3 minutes to midnight , dolls , 3 minutes , I swear it ! 
< PROPMALE > cumberbatch as Sherlock Holmes = most attractive/amazing/beautiful/interesting/die-die-more EVER !!! \obviously . \"" 
Still in shock at the amazingnesssssssssssssssssssssssssssss ........ dying , right here , right now .... 
Sundays make me feel like failure ... just sayin ... 
Needs to buy him some lace ! Fabric store here I come ... asardea ... as soon as rehearsal doesn't exist anymore .... 
Needs a new shoulder ... soon would be nice . 
A month ' til my birthday , just saying .... dream lists to follow 
Is it just a coincidence that hell week comes after helloween ? 
And so it has begun ... 
Feels lied to 
Is Sherlock bloody Holmes . 
Kid British free concert .... check\ 
In Britain .... also check . \ 
Probability of going .... 0 
Anyone in adv . Physics not turn in their friction lab today ? I wasnt there that day and I need some < PROPFIRST > ! 
Wonderful opening night to all you Wonkerers , let's break some more legs tomorrow night ! 
Bittersweet bittersweet . Needs to fond the perfect treat ... 
Distracted .... 
Fails at verify problems .... 
anyone remember that game from like 4th grade , with the pirate , or something , and there were colorful orbamajigs , that you had to run over so certain parts of the ground would be solid ... what was it called ? 
Summer vacation ... yes please . 
SNOW ! SCREW SUMMER VACATION , IT'S GONNA BE A WHITE THANKSGIVING ! 
Putthis as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry when it was under siege by Death Eaters in The Second Wizarding War . Over 50 witches and wizards died in this attack . 93% of people won't repost this , but will you be part of that magical 7% that will ? Repost to show your support ofDumbledore's Army 
why doesnt facebook gave a gransimma relationship option ? 
Anyone going to 12.07 or 12.08 shows tonight ? 
Premiere tickets now mine , yes ? Yes ... a good end to the day . 
Amidst sobs he managed to say , good play < PROPMALE > , good play . 
< PROPMALE > Cattermole , hide yo kids and hide yo wife ... Well , obviously we've got a snatcher in Diagon Alley ! 
Through organization , fire and power , we can break the chairs of oppression , attack the bonobos , save the lispy children and civilly perform hate crimes in a blackened marshmallow free environment ! 
Had a wonderful afternoon at the Burlesque . Excellent first day of the break .... p.s. Show me how ya BURLESQUE ! 
lost and looking 
a year older , a year dumber . i think i actually slept last year .... 
\pause a moment while I sketch you as you bang\ " ave " 
phone not functioning , no texts recieved 
is being sexually harassed on facebook by some saucer at walmart , apparently ... thanks for leaving your facebook logged in . 
You know what I like ? How listening to certain songs remind you of the books you were reading and the places you were , and the things you saw all at once . 
Well whaddya know , Thursday is National Chocolate Covered Anything Day ..... I plan on participating as much as possible . How ' bout you ? 
Lost . 
Had a nice little chat and cinnamon test with an old lady at the mall , never met her before in my life ... I love Midwestern hospitality . 
Taxicab confessions = good\ 
Stores that say sale items are in stock but aren't=bad . 
Fm(o)l ... finals tomorrow .... do not want . 
Xmas gifts start tomorrow ... some mght come after break , so be patient . 
Pretty eclipse .... 
fortune teller-I see big things in your future . \ 
Krissy-thats good because I like big things . 
Apparently drinking through a straw can cause fine links to form around my . mouth ! Oh noodles ! Bad straw , bad ! 
Dirty little secret time ? I can't wait for the perfect Sunday marathon on lifetime ... am I addicted to lifetime you ask ? well , not ne ... yeah ... pretty much . 
Baking fudge and singing into the spoon to < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > aguilera ... this was a good . afternoon . 
Wishes to put himself away on a shelf for a while . 
Delusions cured , 
Facebok : Facebook for chickens .... bokbakaw ! 
Bought his first British suit ... feeling fancier already . 
Yesterday's lazy cures today's crazy 
Prostitutes are ladies with controversy 
How screwed up life would be if everything worked like in the movies . 
Sleepybyetime .... zzzz 
SUIT . SUIT . SUIT . SUIT . SUIT ! 
Wonderful job , cast and crew of Dr. Horrible ... 
EVERYBODY LIVES FOR THE MUSIC-GO-ROUND ! 
I'm gonna join in the chorus if snow day angels .... NOOoooooOoooOoOo SCcccHooooOOoOoOooOOOOLlll !? 
Our freezer must be super sexy , cuz our ice cream is always too hard , sometimes I wish it would get performance anxiety when I'm trying to scoop ... life would be so much easier . 
Everybody at chilis is tripping on prescription glasses . its better than meds . I'm dizzy . fiveminuteslater ... imstilldizzy . thisisfun , sotrippy 
I realize ten seconds later , people could think I meant people were literally tripping over , because of their prescription glasses .... that is an incorrect interpretation ... I meant tripping like wedjsidsjdakfnwwkxowke ? ndeokqdkckodkc .... 
I want to see beastly so bad ... Alex pettyfer and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Harris .... I'm gonna die in anticipation 
Well , this isn't crazy at allllllllllllllll ...... 
UPACKED ! 
And it's over . 
seems to have caught some kind of cold ... 
< PROPMALE>'s la-bor-a-tory on CN , a very pleasant surprise ! 
THE LIMIT DOES NOT EXIST , BUT THIS SURPRISE MEAN GIRLS DOUBLE FEATURE DOES ! FLIPYES ! 
Wants some good news , just b'cos . 
It's October 3rd ... and on October 17th , It's raining . 
Better mood ? Think so . 
I'm a hex girl , and I'm gonna put a spell on you-oo ! 
What ? No way .... usd383 I am officially very , very surprised at you .... I mean , jaw drop < PROPFEMALE > surprised .... I mean , bowl me over with a < PROPFEMALE > pong ball surprised .. 
Lalalalala . lalalalala . lalalalala . lalala . oh spontaneous spongebob/nature/jellyfish song , you are too catchy . 
So .... \<PROPFIRST>'s angels\ " is on ... then \ " from hell \"....\" < PROPFIRST>'s Angels from hell \"?" 
\My hands are like Jesus's ass ! \ " Pegarino " 
\D'you think he's the murderer 
mindissoblownrightnow , pair of 519s pleasepleasepleasepleaseplease ! 
Well , Will , what have we learned .... that's right .... if you can't sing , and you try to autotune live , you will fail .... I mean I could have told you that before you made a fool of yourself , but it was probably best learned through experience . please , don't try that again ... ever . 
Happy Outiversary to me ... 
USD383 , please don't text me unless there is no school . Can you say , \Dissapointing SMS \"?" 
Serre moi , s'il vous plaît . 
Paulllllllll . Paullllllllllllllllllll ? Paullllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll ? Pauly-wolllllllllllllllllll ? Do you want MORE corner time ? \ 
\ 
Also , hope you all had a great v-day 
Is thoroughly modern confused . 
Has him some rosewater Turkish delight ... take that foo ! 
oh what a day .... i'm gonna need me some crayola remover , cause you're coloring me confused . 
What color is confused ? Cuz i've been dipped and sprayed and painted with all of it . 
resolution ? Resolution . sort of 
You know what they shown movies about kids attacking you and totally beasting you ? remember how you laughed ? I'd like you to meet these kids . You're not going to laugh anymore . 
Tickled , nose bit , thumb bit , spanked , pillow smothered , sat upon , held down , shirt pulled , dragged into the bathroom ... kids scare me . 
needs some shelftime . 
WTFNOWAYYYYY ! Dogtooth should have won foreign language film ... hands down . academy I am disappointed in you . 
is gonna be pushing it . pushing it . asfvguiofdsbguiik , yay me . 
Newsies is going to Broadway , apparently . I say ... about time . 
My computer knows when to fail me .... 
I do not know what you are talking about . you filmed and broadcasted me doing nothing . you have no evidence and no witnesses . I know nothing . 
Is a class-A em .... I don't believe ... how have I fallen so far ... tomorrow I shall fix this . 
Those days when you're asleep more than you're awake 
He's humping Miss < PROPFEMALE > in the Toodletown library ! 
Monsters inc . <3<3<3 
You're not bothering me , I'm just smelling soap . 
Must . watch . SNL . Jessie . J . I . love . you . 
has never had a burger from burger < PROPMALE > . Never . 
I do not LIKE TRAngy Foes ! 
Ex post facto 
Oh , < PROPMALE > muthaearth , can you get on some seroquel , and ohhhhhhhhhhhhh , idunno ... prozac ... you know , for your bipolarness ? Kthanxbi .... winning 
Feels good . 
Got called fag and faggot behind my back today ... first time . But , as the fag , I sassed ' em back right good . 
Ends up only ever being mad at himself . 
Who is the bread ranger ? 
Thunderstorm at night makes me sleepy .... so much for homework ... 
HOLY OBSCENITIES I'M IN TPI 
Wilkommen , bienvenue welcome ... im cabaret , au cabaret , to cabaret !! 
Good day , pride , polka danced , possibly hit on , repolkadanced , future YouTube sensationed , in/outfit changed , car raced , livemanequined , nail < PROPMALE > brush shouted , guest phone charged , new jeans , lemonade and shakes , explaining automatic sinks , sitting on pillows in < PROPFEMALE>'s , park ninja'd , middle of the road runway walked , and more ... ask me for any explanation 
Je suis ... confuzzled 
Hey there all my homies!y'all should make sure you come to see Da Boyz Next Door tonight or tomorrow at 7izzle , with all yo thesgang , including but not limited to : < PROPFEMALE > Hillyhizstock , PaulieK , < PROPMALE > the HarMAN , KR Azad , or as he be known in da hood Krishnaswami Ramachandran , and y'all's truly . I'm telling you man , this show be tiightt , yo ! Peace out , love Feefee . wer d.p.s. this play has nothing to do with with gangstas . 
That was the best show/closing night of the best production I think I've ever been in .... thank you everybody who came out to see us , and thank you cast&crew , I love you all ! 
I'm decently sure I've got one of the best movie/tv gaydars on the planet . 
Foreshadowing .. duhduhduhhh 
Hasn't the foggiest 
is 6000 days old today . 
