is finishing registering for classes next year . 

As fun as family campouts can be , they sure are tiring ! 
I got a 4 on my AP European History test ! Yes ! I am so excited . 
went to see < PROPMALE > Potter last night at her aunt's house in Fillmore . $5 , and I got there 20 minutes before the show started and still got a great seat ! That would so not happen in Payson . 
is finally settled in her new apartment at USU . 
this college life is the best despite the stressful aspect . 
is going to be singing at the CES fireside tonight . I am really excited . Those of you at BYU should come say hi to me afterwards ! 
\It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood\ " That's what I thought when I got up this morning . " 
is amazed at the kids in her math class that know 100 digits of pi , and especially the one kid who knew 900 . How do people do that ? 
I can't wait for tomorrow ... USU vs BYU game ... see my family ... see some high school friends ... beginning of conference weekend ... what more could I ask for ? 
loves listening to < PROPFIRST > Schmidt's music . 
is trying to put together a research < PROPMALE > proposal , but has no idea where to begin or what to do ... 
Just turned in my application to recieve a < PROPMALE > for my research proposal . I've been working hard core on that for two weeks -- since I found out that's what I needed to do . Boy , that feels good ! AND ... it's not even due until tomorrow at noon ! That's right ... I'm a whole day ahead ! 
Really needs to do some homework ... but I have NO < PROPFEMALE > whatsoever . You know those boring assignments ... yeah . That's what I should be doing . 
decided that while she loves eating pomegranates , she's NOT a good pomegranate picker-outer at the store . This one's sour :( 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , whether we do or do not speak often , please post a comment of the first memory of you and I that pops into your head . When you are finished , post this paragraph on your own status . You'll be surprised what people remember about you ! 
Just won free food for having 100% attendance for FHE !!! Yeah ! Way to go family ! 
5 hours of math/physics homework ... ugh ! At least I'm done for the night ! 
loves going home for the weekend ! 
Gotta love late night studying at the library :) 
Wouldn't it be nice if when you clikced the ' home ' button it took you to your real home instead of your home < PROPFEMALE > ? Maybe someday ... 
decided that she loves how lots of her guy friends are going on missions , and inviting her to their farewells , but really wishes they would put where they were going on their facebook event invites because I forget a lot of things , and more than that ... often times I never knew where they were going in the first place ! 
Wow ... Yes ... It's true ... I did just get shut in a fridge with two other girls . :) 
Go AGGIES !!!! Way to beat the Cougars . I love Aggie Basketball :) 
Yes !!!! I am officially done with my first semester of college ! :) 
This is going to be a great semester ! 
I just traced my Genealogy back to < PROPFIRST > !!! I passed Old < PROPMALE > Coel , < PROPFIRST > and Virgin < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > (<PROPMALE>' brother ) , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and ... < PROPFIRST > ! It's so cool and exciting ! 
I absolutely love Aggie Basketball !! Way to beat that wolfpack ! 
loves that Dr. < PROPFIRST > Covey is working at Utah State and can go listen to him give speeches practically whenever I want . Like today ... it was amazing . 
I love Fridays ! 
My brain is trying to eat my body !!! AGH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I've officially signed up to live at Continental next year :) Happy Day ... I'm really excited . 
My brain is trying to eat my body !!! Again !!!! AGH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Spring Break starts this weekend ! YAY !!! 
To anyone who is interested ... I'm home for Spring Break and tomorrow at 2:30 is the Aggie basketball game . We're watching it at my house . All Aggie fans are invited . 
Today is a good day ! 
Yes it's true ... instead of doing my homework tonight I attached a bed sheet to my waist and stood on a skateboard and harnessed wind energy and flew . I will pay for it in the morning , but it was oh so worth it ! 
Yes ! Our outreach poster is printed ! :) That makes me so happy ! 
Long live the Dark Lord ! >:D 
I missed it by 30 seconds !!!!! I've never been in an earthquake ! Darn it ! 
Thanks for all the Happy Birthday Wishes ! 
I am almost done ! End of year 1 ... success in less than a week ! :) 
LaserFest turned out GREAT !!! I am so glad that it worked , turned out well , and that it is done ! :D 
I'm officially done with homework until next fall ! AND I'm eating my last package of Ramen :) It couldn't have worked out better . 
Yay for WOW :) 
Summer has just begun and already I have a highlight : Doing the Scotsman on the white roller-coaster at Physics Day at Lagoon ! That was AMAZING ! 
So I had knee surgery today to fix my torn ACL and I decided I hate the pain medication they gave me ... it makes me feel terrible sick ! :( 
I really wish I could speak 1/2 ... or 1/3 ... or even 1/4 of the Hungarian I used to ... 
I was just reminded , by an inanimate and totally random source , of my college bedtime lullaby . To those of you that are familiar with the song -- I miss those times :) 
My computer is randomly playing music and I don't know where it is coming from ! Even when I close everything I'm doing it plays the same song over and over again ... I haven't tried shutting off my computer yet , the song and situation intrigues me :-) 
I haven't been on facebook in two weeks ... a year ago that wouldn't have been a big deal , but now I get on and realize I missed a lot :( 
I just voted for my very first time ever !!! 
Day two of science camp ... success ! 
The personality test I just took said that my personality best matches that of a mechanical engineer . What do you think ? Should I switch my < PROPMALE > or stick with physics ? 
Just spent 6 plus hours trying to fix our family reunion slide show . :( It does look good now though , if I may say so myself ... 
I love family reunions ! 
This weekend is going to be great ! 
After 2 long months , he is leaving tomorrow morning :) 
So I just realized it was a Friday night , and I thought \I should do something tonight ... I haven't done something fun and exciting on a Friday evening in a while . \ " Then I remembered last Friday and I decided that that was enough fun and excitement for a month's worth of Fridays ! " 
Off I go to do some research :) 
Up at 4:45 to get breakfast and ready , left at 5:30 for the Duschene airport , 7:00 LAUNCHED A HIGH ALTITUDE BALLOON 88,000 feet in the air , 9:30 invaded some guy in Vernal's horse pasture to retrieve balloon . Wow ... what a day , and it's not even half over . ( Well it might be for me ... I'm tired ) 
Just got back last night from flying balloons . I really should get ready to move out next week , but I don't have any < PROPFEMALE > to start packing my stuff ... I just unpacked . 
I LOVE college !!! It feels so good to be back ... especially now that I know more or less what I'm doing . 
Wish me luck on my presentation today ! 
I finally made it ! I've advanced far enough in math that the textbook has answers in the back of the book to both the odds AND THE EVENS !! :D 
Congratulations Utah State Football for a GREAT game tonight ! So much fun ! I love USU :D 
Football game tonight ... :) 
Today is just going to be a great day ! 92% on my Chemistry test , 97.5% on my physics test , my homework is done , I'm going on a date tonight , AND there's the USU vs BYU football game ! :D How could life get any better right now ? 
I love dressing up for Halloween :) 
EVERYONE IN AND AROUND < PROPFIRST > ON FRIDAY NIGHT should come to our HAUNTED LABS in the SER building on campus . Bring your friends ; bring a date ; just come ! It will be amazing !!! Follow the big Green Beam :-) 
Had a GREAT weekend ! Haunted Labs a success , friends , free food , sleep , dates , firesides , car fixed , computer mostly fixed , singing/piano time ... This weekend couldn't have been better :) 
I love learning how to do new things ! 
One more class then Thanksgiving break ! Yay ! I love Thanksgiving break :) 
The last couple weeks of the semester are not my favorite , but once finals are over life will be extremely happy ! :) 
\'Cause < PROPFEMALE > Clause comes tonight ... \ " :) " 
I'm done ! It's done ! Now I can focus on homework and finals :) 
Today is good day . 
I'm done for the semester ! Took my last final this morning . That feels good ! 
Just had the best lunch with one of my favorite people ever ! She is such an example to me ... Love you < PROPFEMALE > Hatch ! 
Yes ... my roommate and I were sick of having to get off the couch to turn our lights on and off as we were watching a movie , so we created a pulley system that turns off our lights and we don't have to get up at all ! 
Two tests down , two more to go , and my roommates leaving ... this has been a crazy week . 
I love pi day ! Even though this week is going to be super stressful with 2 tests , 2 homework assignments due , Science in the Lounges to plan , and a Bouncy Ball Drop to help with , how can I not be happy on pi day with Geek Week to look forward to ? 
20,000 bouncy balls ... dropped ! 
How do I bathe a fish ? < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > i'm talking to you ... 
I am SOOOO proud of my brother < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !!!! He just won regional science fair and gets to go on to international ! I'm going to tell anyone and everyone that will listen . Love ya < PROPMALE > ! Congratulations ... you deserve it ! :D 
A HUGE THANK YOU to everyone that helped me get the Goldwater ! Especially to < PROPFEMALE > Larson for her never-ending support , Dr. Peak for the encouragement , faith , and guidance , and most of all Dr. < PROPFIRST > L . Larson for everything ! I can't think of a better advisor , mentor , or a better group of people to have on my team . 
