favorite phrase of the day : \I'd rather be a destination than a layover\ " HA ! " 

needs a break from work FUR SURE 
is going to the midnight showing of Transformers ! >.< 
is sad . time for a nap ! 
is having 4th meal . My insides are going to HATE me ! 
is headed to Astoria to kick with her big bro all weekend ! 
no tengo sueno . 
is swagger with the latest threads from Adidas . God I love new running clothes ! 
wanted to stay in bed all day today , eating french toast , fresh raspberries and watching the 1st season of Seinfeld . Can I go back to BED please ?! 
has a broken ipod !!! :'( 
does anyone know anything about new ipods coming out this fall ? 
is going to be at the ALIBI tonight ! =) 
fried pickles are SOooo good ! yum . 
is out of her element and super stressed . 
a delightful day filled with strain counter/strain and massage trades . Being friends with chiropractors , physical therapists and massage therapists is SO COOL ! 
I wish the goblins would come and take you away ... RIGHT NOW ! 
Headed to Seattle ! To dance my ass off !!! :))))))))) :))))))))) :)))))))) 
Bellingham : HERE I COME !!! 
was surprised with groceries this morning !!!! How romantic ! <3 
is addicted , to endorphins . 
Is Summer over yet ?! This is NOT ideal running weather . FALL ! Come to mama ! 
Oregon Burrito -Meat + Sour Cream = Heaven 
Aaaahh ! Turn it off man , turn it off ! It's sucking my will to live ! Oh , the humanity ! 
is going to see < PROPFIRST > Cross tonight !!! :D 
homemade soup ! Mama < PROPMALE > iz de best ! :) 
massage the rapist 
did I forget to mention that I absolutely LOVE what I do for a living !!!? If everyone received massages on a regular basis , the world would be a much happier place =) 
going on a run . first time in months .... :/ 
Call of Duty is ruining my life . 
is going to clean on her day off . what a surprise ! 
anybody wanna karaoke tonight ? Not sure where yet but get at me :) 
Office Christmas party tomorrow evening . Rumor : Karaoke machine will be involved , if so I'd be in heaven . LOL Can't wait . 
is MRS . ANGRY TOAST TODAY !!! Errrghhh .... 
Charylie is randomly tearing up the trumpet at East Burn with the band . Love that girl ... 
Sippin ' on gin and juice ! ;) 
went on a jolly jog around Lacamas Lake and there were so many individuals both < PROPFEMALE > tots and < PROPFEMALE > oldies out on the trails today in the rain and muck . RAD ! 
Been on a Doogie Howser M.D. kick thanks to Hulu.com . Man , what a great show ! 
Kept thinking it was Sunday all day , because I went to church today . BAHAHAHA !!! 
worked a 9hr massage day . who wants to give ME a massage !? oh boy .... 
Home made french fries : FAIL 
Someone is supposed to bring me home a kitten today . Let's see if he follows through ! 
MACGRUBERRRR !!!! lol . Awesome . 
gonna make a wine cork coarkboard . Yeah ! 
whyyyy do I have Finding Nemo soundtrack in my itunes ?! REMOVE ! lol 
coming home to a vase full of roses , a glass of red wine and my sweetheart making me dinner just because . So romantical ! <3 <3 <3 
Whenever I date a guy , I think , is this the man that I want my children to spend their weekends with ? 
im all about savory in the morning ... 
sippin ' on coconut tea , made in my fancy cast iron tea pot and waiting for my cinnamon buns to cook and just hanging out in my granny panties .... what a marvelous morning ! 
I don't care what anyone thinks . I love < PROPMALE > Schneider in \Hot Chick . \ " Lawlz every time ! " 
< PROPFIRST > finally died today :'( 
Anyone have any dermatologist recommendations in the Portland/Vancouver area ? 
I love when my boyfriend goes hiking without me ..... NOT 
Any recommendations for affordable but good quality everyday kitchen knives ? 
Grocery shopping with < PROPMALE > is always a nightmare . 
Anyone in facebook land want vegan cheddar cheese ? Would hate to throw it away :/ 
That's what I get for waiting too long to get gas ... shit 
Y 
We got an electric wine opener and kitchen knives from my PHC office party ... SCORE ! 
Only < PROPMALE > would slice his eyebrow open with an electric wine opener on the first try ..... now that's skillz 
Any ladies interested in playing bunco , starting in < PROPFIRST > ? We need a few more gals and could always use subs . Get at me girrrrrls ! 
Why am I not excited to go to Zoo Lights ? Bah humbug ... 
Perfect lazy Sunday . Watching Christmas Vacation in bed , breakfast in bed ... not gonna move for a while . 
Everyone better show up for their massages today ! 
I hate being in public in my scrubs .... I feel like I'm in a frikken potato sack . And I swear people treat me like I'm a bum . So tacky . Ahhh !!! I HATE SCRUBS !!!!!! 
I let curiosity get the best of me and watched the entirety of The Human Centipede . Haha , I must be sick , it made me laugh at how insanely disturbing it was . Now I have to try and sleep :/ 
4 a.m. Pizza Rolls ?! Yesssss ! I think so ! 
At a party listening to guys EFFING talk about playing Call of Duty makes me want to punch a baby ! 
Gin 
The accident on the 205 Bridge is really screwing me over . Patients are really late and/or canceling on me . Grrrr ... I want my $$$ ! 
