If you change your mind I'm the first in line < PROPFEMALE > , I'm still free Take a < PROPMALE > on me If you need me let me know Gonna be around If you've got no place to go When you're feeling down If you're all alone When the pretty birds have flown < PROPFEMALE > , I'm still free Take a < PROPMALE > on me Gonna do my very best And it ain't no lie If you put me to the test If you let me try Take a < PROPMALE > on me 

Don't go wasting your emotion , lay all your love on me . It was like shooting a sitting duck A little small talk , a smile and baby I was stuck I still don't know what you've done with me I shouldn't have fallen so easily 
I am back in VA !! tiff , guthrie , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , whoever else ... cant wait to < PROPFEMALE > ! =] 
ugh ... just went to the dentist to get my teeth cleaned and they found a small cavity ( my first cavity ) ..... i hate the dentist 
guitar lessons went well , I washed somebody's hair today ... and blowdried it , bought a new sansa mp3 , a t-shirt and a bathing suit ... all in all , an eventful day 
oh < PROPFEMALE > gosh < PROPFIRST > your hilarious , I love you so much !! XD 
please don't mind what I'm trying to say cuz ..... I'm ... I'm being honest when I tell you that you're part of the reason I'm so set on the rest of my life being a part of you 
white < PROPFEMALE > petals , when one opens then two . the memories of that day become colored . When one falls , then two . the love of the two become eternal . 
leaving for a week ... wisconsin then chicago ... so yeh .. see ya laters 
oh mah gee they has computers @ the hotel place im at O.O 
everytime i talk to you ... i feel like nothing could go wrong ... and when something does go wrong ... i brush it aside and say \no big deal\ " when usually i would get a little upset about it . thank you so much for making me laugh every single day =] " 
In the mirror what do you see ? could it be you or could it be me ? starry eyed and head over heals , i think im too deep in to get back out . i'll just float to the suface and enjoy the feeling , who said i had to live on land ? 
its amazing how you can get several hugs from several people ... but only one hug from one person can really make you smile and make you feel like your going to be okay- thanks you guthrie <3 
its amazing how you can get several hugs from several people ... but only one hug from one person can really make you smile and make you feel like your going to be okay- thank you guthrie ? 
I miss you already =/ 
I'll see you on monday ! <3 
say what you say , do what you do , i will always love you :) <3 
Rawr <3 
Is it possible for your heart to burst from too much happiness ? if so , im pretty darn close 
your simply amazing , everyday i find more reasons to love you more than i already do , which is nearly impossible . :) 
before i fall asleep at night , i think of the warmth of your < PROPFEMALE > brown eyes , the way they can make me smile when im feeling down . I think of your emrace and the way it makes me feel safe and loved . I think about your smile , and how it shows me you love 
i love the world . yay ! 
theres not a single day that goes by that i dont think of you :) 
He's coming home today ! excited ? HELL YEAH 
I was born , to tell you \i love you \"- Secondhand serenade " 
your touch still manages to make my heart race , how is that ? ;) your unlike any other babe , i love you <3 
tell him , tell him that the sun and < PROPFEMALE > rise in his eyes . reach out to him . whisper tender words so soft and sweet . i'll hold him close to feel his heartbeat <3 
you know you have a good boyfriend when he insists the birds at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s are devious little clever animals and proceeds to < PROPMALE > them . ahh ... i love that man XD 
\welcome to another episode of Inuyasha\ " ( cue overly happy japanese music thats slightly off tune ) " 
I love the fact that every boy ive ever been with completely and utterly fails in comparison to my sweet love that i have now- i love you baby <3 
I has a strawberry poptart :D 
erin : don't worry you'll see me tomorrow guthrie : oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy 
paramount theater with guthrie :D 
my beautiful beautiful guthrie , when will you learn that my heart is yours for as long as you'll have it ? I love you so much , more than you'll ever know . ;) 
Sweeney < PROPMALE > and All Time Low cd's= hours of musical bliss :D 
oh my god I .... words can't express how much love I have for you at this very moment . I feel my heart may burst with the strain and as tears of joy fall down my face I smile . You are my one , my only , my love . 
the kid who played < PROPFIRST > in the Movie version of Sweeney < PROPMALE > beautiful voice ! :D 
Granpa : looks like the closer isnt closing her case tonight Erin : but ... but she's the closer she has to close it ... right ? Granpa : well you know what we call the closer ? Erin : what ? Granpa : Zipper Erin : Closer Zipper ? hahahahahhahaa 
\Don't call the doctors I don't need no medication I just need one more vacation and make it last \"- All Time Low " 
1 month baby ;) I love you <3 
oh how you distract me so , confound it all , i love it though ;) 
Back and forth we sway like branches in a storm . Change of weather still together when it ends- Maroon 5 <3 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > my dear for giving me a giant SCRATCH on my arm T.T hahahah ily though <3 
sits under a tree in the moonlit night , singing with the crickets and their cheerful midnight < PROPFEMALE > 
Can sing \Once upon a December\ " pretty damn well if she does say so herself . there was a point where she felt like she was < PROPFEMALE > O.O " 
Likes being carried ^_^ ( only by Guthrie , this does NOT give any of the rest of you carrying privleges ) 
maybe if I close my eyes and burry my face deep enough in your shirt ... I won't miss you as badly 
Official Durham School Of The Arts Freshman , ( squeals ) 
Basically , I went away for the summer , fell in love and everything changed . It's the oldest in the world , and yet I never tire of my version of it- < PROPFEMALE > Dessen 
oh look , < PROPFIRST > got another hole punched in her ear O.O 
If I were any sadder , I would be forced to take medicine for depression 
Okay I think I'm going to ( starts crying ) oh , yeah ... I was right 
Well , fuck a duck . 
WHY do I feel so HELPLESS !!! GOD DAMNIT ! ( punches pillow ) Angst , Angst , Angst .... 
oh dear god WHY 
Erin : no ! you can't do that ! Mom and Grama : yes he can Erin : no , he can't! Mom and Grama and Gramps look at me wierd . Erin : I'm emotional its not my fault !! 
you know you're screwed when your mom tries to cheer you up by showing you baby-albums of yourself 
What do you do to solve your life's problems ? display it the other way :D - Guthrie ;) 
tattoos and a switch-blade attitude , snake-bite heart with a bubble-gum smile 
No one else could ever mean half , as much , to me as you do now , together we'll move on just don't turn around , let the walls break down . 
I'm cold , so cold . I need you here by my side , why is your skin , your touch ... so far from me ? 
I need you and you're not there , now how is that fair ? ( it isn't ) 
To perform is to be vulnerable , to perform , is to be exposed . 
I need ... I need ... a hug .... RIGHT NOW 
do guys have like .... a radar that tells them when a girl becomes single ?! I have never been hit on so much IN MY LIFE ... good gracious guys give me a < PROPMALE > to keep up ! 
Indeed is the word of the day 
I'm gonna go watch Disney movies with my best friend now >:D you know you guys are jealous 
I am officially a ball of confusing bullshit . Don't ask me why I'm single again , I'm not going to explain it . I thought I was ready for another relationship .. I'm not . I should have known but I learned my lesson didnt I ? please feel free to leave me alone 
I command all of you go to Mylifeisaverage.com because it's the shit . DO IT . 
Everybody knows theres a party at the end of the world 
I'm going to South America .... It's like America ... but SOUTH 
< PROPFIRST > Bottcelli you have captured my heart once again 
I want to cry , but it seems I am incapable of it . I think I've dried up my tearducts . 
Sing me to sleep . I'll see you in my dreams , waiting to hear you say \I miss you I'm so sorry \"" 
Some how you have managed to get under my skin More than anyone ever did And if every hole makes a scar And every scar marks its place Then I will never live freely without your trace 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lra4q7QdNgo 
Sit in the light to make the dark a little darker and I dance to move only you and I fight to kiss and make up . I scream for some silence . I laugh to laugh for once , not there so you notice I'm gone and I breathe cuz its neccessary and I sigh when I see the < PROPFEMALE > . I dream to make sleep less boring .. until there was you and I feel in the absence of heart and I plug my eyes to cry . 
Mine is an unchanging love , Higher than the heights above . Deeper than the depths beneath . Free and faithful , strong as death- < PROPFIRST > Cowper \Lovest Thou Me ? \"" 
Happy Jesus day you guys , hope the fat guy with the red suit gave you lots of goodies :D 
oh my bananas , yeah thats right , I said it 
I love how I have two computer set up directly next to eachother , one for working on my book , the other for interwebs .. and I'm using both of them when my grandpa comes down ... and I'm thinking .. crap he's gonna say something and all he does is look .. then smirk , telling me to tell him when I'm done so he can get on .. lol 
Firefly , can I have a light ? It's so dark out here . My shadow looked me in the eye , like I was standing in the mirror 
oh lady gaga , what are you trying to do to our children's minds ? 
Some days , I can hardly breathe , I wonder if you're thinking of me . A favorite corner to my room I sit waiting patiently For you too see what we could be , To call ... just write . Give me some sort of sign ! 
45 friends online and the one I want to talk to the most isn't on ... wtf 
* Nom Nom Nom * that children .... is a nom nom raptor 
I didn't just run up the stairs and then fall flat on my face .. nope ... nuh uh . 
I think I lost myself in your deep blue eyes , and it's true , you're electric I can't get over it . 
Okay kids . I'm leaving for Durham around 9ish in the morning . Sooo ... in otherwords you won't see me on facebook until next time I come to Grandparents house , in all likelyhood ;) Bye C'ville . It was chill . 
wants to be appreciated by somebody other than her best friend , too much to ask ? 
Mmmm .... I want a muffin and some coffee ... the coffee shop is right next door ..... mmmmmmmmm ...... too much effort . 
When we hear hearts break we'll say , hey they're playin our song- ha , X3 
I wish could say I don't want you anymore . That I want nothing to do with you . I dispise you . But of course , I would be lying . 
Holy F***aFlower ..... the singe from We The Kings got beat with the ugly stick 
I'm sorry guys , facebook hates me , with a passion . chatting isn't working very well for me ... :[ inbox me please ? 
Muse says that glaciers are melting in the dead of night .... and something about a superstar being sent into a supermassive black hole ... O.O I'm frightened 
Bella : ooh Edward .... you're so dreamy Edward : dur DUR !!! duurrrrrrr ..... dur . Bella : * sigh * I love you Twilight : the real story 
Look in my eyes , what do you see ? Not just the color , look inside of me . Tell me all , you need , and I will try . I'm gonna love you more than anyone . 
< PROPFIRST>'s night was just made , by a simple comment , from one person . Wow is she easily satisfied . 
Lady Gaga is a stegasaurous :D 
Damnit , why do I have to have damn lisp ? ugh .... 
Girl : \Hey ! Where do you think you're going with him ? \ " Gay guy that has straight guy by the hand : \ " Into a sensual world\ " Girl : You're not making any sense ! BAHAHAHA X3 I love anime " 
Mmmmm ... I just took like ... a 3 hour nap ... ^_^ 
Bazingah ... :) 
Okay , well ... guess that means I'll wait . However long it takes ... I'll wait , and be there when you need me . 
You know what ? < PROPMALE > DeGraw , I love you . Come here right now so I can give you the warmest , bigges , best hug you will ever recieve . You're voice melts my heart , and it will continue to do so even when I'm an ancient old woman with my granchildren pestering me . You go with your sexy , rough , scratch-style voice . 
What good is a life , with no one to share the light of the < PROPFEMALE > , the honor of a swear ? Still we've got our hearts on a stage . Someday when you're lonely , somwhere left in emptiness , you'll always have my kiss . 
\I wake up in the morning brush my teeth with a bottle of jack\ " Is this what we're teaching our children now ? Brushing our teeth with alcohol ? Interesting . " 
What am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're okay ... 
working on re-publishing my book , < PROPFEMALE > is helping :D . go best friends 
White Americans , what , you got nothin better to do ? Why don't you kick yourself out you're an immagrant too . Who's usin who what should we do ? Well you can't be a pimp and a prostititute too . 
sigh . why do guys have to suck so much ? Is it impossible to actually be ... i dont know ... not stupid for more than a day ? guess not . 
It kicks so hard , breaks your bones and it tears your skin and makes your blood flooooowwww . It's better that you know , that love is hard . 
\i have a fine bootay ill have you know \"- @ < PROPMALE > Plesser " 
Kickin ' it with < PROPMALE > Plesser and < PROPFEMALE > Etoliedelamar LaCosse tomorrow at Palace Pointe . We be Bowlin ' yo . No , no ... not Trollin ' , Bowlin ' . 7:00 tomorrow , come stalk us :D 
< PROPFEMALE > so my brother is now single , which is sucky because his gf and him had a long relationship and I thought it looked good . And half my friends now are in a relationship .... wtf . Did I miss something ? Did everybody take a trip to the relationship store and forget to ask me to tag along ? Damn it all you guys . Stop forgetting me . 
< PROPFIRST > goes out with an Austrailian . Jelous ? You should be X3 
Jump Jump Jump like a Kangaroo . Listen to the sound of the Digeredoo , and go down under to the land of the boomerang . Bang bang boomerang , Bang bang boomerang .... 
Well that just sucks . -takes a deep breath- Fine . Guess I knew that would happen . 
So many things I could have said , but I'll leave it at , you amaze me . <3 
Picking up the pieces , of the mess you went and left . And I'm beaten with dilemas , in my now so stressful life . I've made my home here on the floor . Well I'm goin ' all out . I'd thought I'd lost all ambition , and goals . No sleepin at night , why can't we just rewind ? Now I'm thinking , he's just as bad <3 
Yeah , that was pretty much it . I'm done with it . Too much drama , no real friendship . Oh well . 
Drove by a house on the bus today , they had the back half of a pick-up in their backyard .... and it was full of sticks/branches . You go mystery redneck . You go . 
Damn am I in a good mood . I haven't felt this good in a long time . 
Let it be known ... all I want is you , and I'm learning to show it . 
happy happy happy , just might do the happy dance :D 
I dance to move only you .... I dream to make sleep less boring ... until there was you . I'm a hopeless romantic and I can't kick the habit . 
damnit what now . just when I think my stress is going to end for a while . 
Hit myself in the face with a laptop , my nose more specifically . Only me XD 
-rubs eyes- .... I .... I .... he better love me XD 
If luck is on my side tonight , my clumsy tongue will make it right . And risk the touch , it isn't much but it's enough . To form imaginary lines , forget your scars I'll forget mine . The hours change so fast , oh god , please make it last . So I'll sing , a < PROPFEMALE > , and hope to god he's listening , sleeping softly while I sing and I'll , be you're memories , the lullaby for all the times , hoping that my voice could get it right 
Lazy Summer ? I'm ready for you . 
Oh , by the way , for those who live in C-ville . I'm baaaaaaaaaaaaaack . 
How do you get songs from one ipod to another ? I'm going to scream if I don't find out soon .... 
I should be locked up . It needs to be done , because I have hurt .... waaaaaaaaaay too many people . 
The opposite of War isn't peace , it's CREATION 
\no its just ... you look familiar ... \ " \ 
MUTHERFKLAJDFLKAJDFLDKFJALDKFJ I HATE BEING SICK . I can't practice my song and I still resemble a bull frog when I talk . Awesome . 
< PROPFEMALE > went flying across the room . Her body crashed roughly into a body-length mirror , scattering shards of glass all over the room . I whipped my head around , staring at < PROPMALE > in horror . \ 
His features began to alter ; his pale skin was sprouting fine , charcoal colored fur . His eyes were pure silver , \ 
He almost looked as if he were blind , but I knew better . Those eyes belonged to a killer . 
omfg < PROPFIRST > bought short shorts . :O 
Joey : \What does he have that I don't have ? Besides the fan girls ... and the pretty hair ... and those ... gorgeous green eyes . \ " \ 
I've got some baubles I could sell for money ... and a pair of fresh-shaved legs . 
Doctor today . I'm 5'2 finally ... FTW . XD 
< PROPFEMALE>'s to < PROPFEMALE >...< PROPFEMALE>'s to < PROPFEMALE > . Mr. Hartwell was right afterall . XD 
There's a heart on the line , and it rests with your eyes\ 
Please don't fade and please don't cry , ' cause it's all white lies\ 
Take a < PROPMALE > watch it fall , grab too much and lose it all\ 
Now I've lost my disguise , it was all white lies . \ 
Stay here , lie here with me , lonely sighs\ 
I will roam , lost but never alone , hide with me , hide . 
Remember when we started this , and you made the shape of your heart with your hands ? 
yah da-dee da da . ya da da da . ya da da da ..... DA ..... 
learning Northern Downpour on guitar . Fun fun . 
< PROPFEMALE > do something crazy ! \ 
\ ... but I can't do a flip ! \"" 
What is this feeling ? Fervid as a flame ... does it have a name ? Oh , oh that's just my tapeworm . 
< PROPFIRST > can not dance . Nor can she sing or act . wee ! 
Gimme Gimme Gimme a man after midnight . Won't somebody help me < PROPMALE > the shadows away ? 
And all the girlies say I'm pretty fly for a white guy 
oh baby baby run and tell that ! 
Power is FINALLY back on . I'm sorry for all of those who thought I died . I did not . Just lost power for almost 3 days . :/ 
Out of curiosity , I bought the new American Idiot Broadway version ... it's actually not bad . I might like it better than the origional ... oh snap . I went there . 
The trouble with love is ... it can tear you up inside . Make your heart believe a lie , it's stronger than your pride . It doesn't care how hard you fall , and you can't refuse the call . No you have no say at all . 
why did I do that ? WHY did I do that . I'm an idiot , I will never learn . Not only did I contact him , I tried it twice . And then I re-read an old conversation . Once again , WHY did I do that !? 
Leave it to me to remember who your eally are , inside . 
next person who walks by I'm gonna ask how to say the word fenimine ... fema ... fena .. femina ... I can't say it ! 
is playing Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Red Rescue Team . And feels pretty damn BADASS . 
She's a rebel , she's a saint , and she's dangerous . She's riding her bike like a fugative of critical mass . She's a rebel , Vigalante . She's the one they all call what'shername and she's pulling on my heart like a hand grenade . 
I don't care what happens , what you say , or how much you hurt me . I will always be there when you think you don't need me , and when you finally admit you do . 
Does anybody know how to get music from Windows Media to itunes ? :D I'll love you forever ...! <3 
\High Five ! Can you reach that high ? \ " \ 
For those of you at camp this week , I'm bringing in a few pages of my newest book I'm writing so you can get an idea of my writing style :P 
My ID is an itunes card . Beast . 
I want some cinnamon tacos 
Live inside the music box ain't easy .... the gears are always turnin ' and everyone insdie the mechanism is yearning to get out . I sing another < PROPFEMALE > completely ... so different from the ones they're always singing . 
I'M GONNA WASH THAT MAN RIGHT OUTTA MAH HAIR ! 
you're not even worth the effort I'm putting into trying to fix a friendship that you let die . And I don't know why I even try , why I even bother . When you do nothing but ignore me , then act like it's so fantastic to hear from me when you finally answer . You do not deserve me , you never did . And you sure as hell never will if you keep up what you're doing now . 
Can't help how free I feel , oh baby I'm feelin free . I was lost in loves embrace now baby ... love's embrace lost me , and DAMN does it feel good because now I'll find love again in my own time ! 
Saw Sound of Music tonight , and awkwardly yelled \YEAH RICHIE\ " when people were done clapping after he came onstage to bow . Oh hell yes . " 
Dancing bears , \ 
Painted wings , Things I almost remember , And a song someone sings , Once upon a December . Someone holds me safe and warm . Horses prance through a silver storm . Figures dancing gracefully , Across my memory . Far away , long ago , Glowing dim as an ember , Things my heart used to know , \ 
Things it yearns to remember ... 
okay ... I really need a cell phone . I keep getting lost and not being able to call my grandparents cause guess what ? NO CELL PHONE . and then all my friends want to text me , and I could easily get unlimited texting . GAH !!!! I need to save up and somehow get a phone that enables me to text and whatnot . I'll pay the monthly fee ! -bangs head against the wall- 
Sunburn ... RAH . 
Mmmm ... new books from Barnes and < PROPMALE > <3 
Hug me till you hold me , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Hug me till you love me , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
And hey sweetie\ 
Well I need you here tonight\ 
And I know that you don't want to be leaving me\ 
Yeah you want it but I can't help it\ 
I just feel complete when you're by my side\ 
But I know you can't come home ' til they're singing\ 
\ 
La , la la la la la la 
Kitten ... in my back yard ... WANT . 
Like a breath of midnight air , like a lighthouse , like a prayer . Like the flicker and the flare the sky reveals . Like a walk along the shore , you've walked a thousand times before . Like the ocean's roar , Love heals . 
I love when I'm singing a song and I do this super epic amazing move and end up almost knocking something over . I can't help but laugh XD 
Damn you blue fish ! 
\Now I diiiie for one more daaaay 
How could a night so frozen be so scalding hot ? How can a morning this mild be so raw ? Why , our entire year strewn on the cutting room floor of memory ? When single frames from one magic night , forever . Flicker in , closeup on the 3D Imax of my mind ... that's poetic . That's pathetic . 
Sometimes I wish saving money was as easy in real life as it is in video games ... XD 
What the hell did I do that for ?! You're just another guy .... Okay youre kinda sexy . But you're not really special ... but I won't miiiind if you take me home , c'mon take me home . 
I should have held an after-party ... for all the thoughts , I didn't say . 
I'll be your doctor ... I'll be your cure . I'll be your medicine and more . 
http://www.youtube.com/oldspice#p/u/1/uLTIowBF0kE\ 
LOL YESSSS 
I just feel complete when you're by my side 
All of you should buy my book . It's good , I SWEAR . Worked hard on it and I'd like to get it out into the world so maybe one day I can say , \yeah my first novel was a huge success\ " so publishing companies will want to adopt me . HELP ME OUT . Search : < PROPFEMALE > Rain at lulu.com Ask your parents to buy you one . :D " 
>:[ boys 
I need out . C'ville friends . HELP . 
If you change your mind ... I'm the first in line ... honey I'm still free , take a < PROPMALE > on me ! 
Listening to Rent CD .... <3 love it to death 
These children learn from ciggarette burns , fast cars , fast women , energy drinks . All these exphisiated self-medicated , \take the white pill you'll be alright \"" 
No . 5 by Hollywood Undead ... -facepalm- why do I like that song ? X3 
I got mah Kapo back . FTW . 
numa numa YAY 
I'm the kind of girl you bring to mother , I'm the kind of girl , you kiss in public . My manners leave a lot to be desired , at least I'm not a liar . And I'm not about the subtle inuendo , more likely to throw rocks up , at your window . Won't walk on eggshells so you don't hear the crazy things I'm sayin to you . When I'm near you I'd rather disappear than be fakin it , anyway . 
\You're hot I'm going to suck your face off . \ " -<PROPFIRST>'s view on what a \ " hookup\ " is . < PROPMALE > Bogerd " 
< PROPFEMALE > so my book got a little bit more expensive ... because I formatted it . But it is now normal book size . And looks a lot better hopefully . sorry kiddies . But it's wooorth itt :D 
Had a beautiful conversation with < PROPFIRST > Merkle today , who is , and it seems always will be , one of my favorite people on this Earth , and our friendship has survived through my childhood :) ALSO saw < PROPFIRST > the guitar guy today , and his face brightened when he saw me , he said hello first AND he asked if I was going to be on the mall Friday . Guess who I'm seeing Friday ? uh , yeah . 
I'm sorry to those in Durham , but I'm staying in VA another week , so I'll be leaving the 2nd week of August . < PROPFEMALE > ? < PROPFEMALE > . 
Let's start a RIOT ! 
I bought a silver toe ring in the shape of a salamander-gecko-like creature . It's adorable , and I likes it >:3 
He said Here , Here and Here . He pointed to his heart , mind and ears . Here , Here and Here , he called me to his heart and mine , in tears . 
Did you think about , what I said last night , knowin you , you probably didn't . I could see your face on the other side , completely oblivious . Did you still feel like our love was for real ? I wish I could join you . I'm bored of your love , I'm bored of your face ... I'm bored with your random-all over the plaaaace , attitude . I'm bored of you . 
This was love to die from ... and to die for . I died for you ... 
Here , Here , and Here . He pointed to his heart and mind , and ears . 
I'm nothing special ... in fact ... I'm a bit of a bore . When I tell a joke , you've probably heard it before . But I have a talent , a wonderful thing , cause everyone listens when I start to sing . I'm so grateful and proud .... all I want is to sing it out loud ! 
Did you think about , what I said last night , knowin you , you probably didn't . I could see your face on the other side , completely oblivious . Did you still feel like our love was for real ? I wish I could join you . I'm bored of your love , I'm bored of your face ... I'm bored with your random-all over the plaaaace , attitude . I'm bored of you . 
So come on move your hips doin wah-ah-ah 
Listen and learn , it is time for prancing . So come on move those hips like wah-ah-ah 
Pool with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , pics up soon . Had fun with that even though I got a liil bit red on my face :) Uhmm .... I need to chill with < PROPMALE > Spaz Karns soon , or I'll cry big fat emo tears of sadness . And , I'M GOING CAMPING WITH Mar LaCosse OHMAHGAHOHMAHGAH , I miss her so so bad . I dislike camping , but for her ... I would do just about anything ;) My baby knows I love her . 
Let's fall in love , again . Love , again . Where we whoa-oh-oh . So don't let me down ... and don't shut me out .. no don't let me down ! 
Trusting desire ... starting to learn . Walking through fire ... without a burn . Clinging a shoulder a leap begins .... stinging and older , asleep on pins . So here we go .... now we , oh no ... who knows where , who goes there ? Here goes . 
Your eyes ... are the color of wanting . My heart heart is the run-away paper . Our hands , seducing them to coincide , and there's something ... about you . And there's something that you see ... we both lay here broken . Cause we both know ... what this could be . Could this be ? Oh , dare I say it ? Now , this could be ... 
Dinosaur earrings :) my grama picks them up and is like , \aren't these for children ? \ " haha " 
singing showtunes at the top of my lungs . Cause I'm awesome like that . 
You have no power over me , ANYMORE . That's right . You no longer rule my every thought . Your opinion , or how you feel , no longer matters . I . WIN . 
Okay , facebook-onians . I will not be on facebook from Monday to Friday and most likely the weekend too . I'm going camping with Mar and then to the beach . 
Your eyes ... are the color of wanting . My heart is the run-away paper . Our hands , seducing them to coincide , and there's something ... about you . And there's something that you see ... we both lay here broken . Cause we both know ... what this could be . Could this be ? Oh , dare I say it ? Now , this could be ... 
Get up get up ! Sing it like you're screaming at me ! Get up get up , make my heartbeat pickup . Get up get up ! B-b-b-beating to the rhythm ! 
I love how every single one of my friends in c'ville is married to one another . I'm currently married to ... 1 , 2 , 3 4 people ? yeah 
Dear < PROPFIRST > , I'm a demon baby , with worms . And I am SOOO offended ! 
-weeps dramatically- I HATE my phone ! AAARGH . I call the number to fill it up with more money ... it says I'm wrong , the pin number won't work . I try to call again . \I'm sorry this number is unavailable . \ " F**K YOU PHONE . -dies from lack of sleep and frustration- " 
Yeah , incase you haven't seen < PROPFIRST > LaCosse and Mar LaCosse ' s statuses , we're all going camping for almost a week . So ... talk to me now before I go . 
All Boys should have a \Spanish Mode\ " like Buzz Lightyear from Toy Story 3 . Just sayin ' . XD " 
Back but not entirely . Leaving tmorrow at 6am for VA beach . I'll be there till Sunday evening . Word . 
I got my snakebites . Yes . 
lol if anybody knows the song \Jai Ho\ " from the Slumdog Millionaire . My uncle and I were listening to it and he suddenly started singing \ " Giant Ho\ " I will never look at the song the same way XD " 
Why does the world want me to like guys that don't live near me ? Is this my curse ? 
I don't think the Secret Life of the American Teenager could get any more cliche and absolutely ridiculous . This girl is pregnant with somebody elses boyfriend's baby , and he's dating another girl at the same time and also trying to get this other girl he dated to forgive him and take him back and then this guy is kissing the mother of his child's sister ... and oh no I've gone cross-eye .... 
This is how it works : You're young until you're not . You love until you don't . You try until you can't . You laugh until you cry . You cry until you laugh . And everyone must breath , until their dying breath . You take the things you love , and try to love the things you take . And you take that love you made , and stick into someone elses heart , pumpin someone elses blood . Walkin arm in arm you hope it don't get harmed . 
I adore that giggle Gerrard does at the end of You Know What They Do To Guys Like Us In Prison . 
White Ameicans , what got nothin better to do ? Why don't you kick yourself out , you're an immigrant too . Who's usin who , what should we do ? Well you can't be a pimp and a prostitute too . 
I wanted to kiss you goodnight . \ 
No longer can pretend , it won't cave in and will be alright . \ 
I wanted to save this last light . \ 
With < PROPFEMALE > comes certainty of what we'll be , for now hold me lightly . 
Step into the movie you can be my leading man . Break in through the silence so your heart can understand . Step into my movie we can walk along the sand . Let me stand beside you put your life into my hands . 
C'ville kids . Downtown Friday . Who's going ? 
Mommy's at the Game Stop , the Game Stop . I love you , mwah mwah mwah mwah . 
C'ville kids . Get your asses downtown and come see me ! :D 
Kellen < PROPFEMALE > Valenzi Breitenbach < PROPFIRST > Elam < PROPFEMALE > Ames < PROPFIRST > Newman Guthrie Brown and < PROPMALE > Spiderginge Karns Rent party is going to be on either the 11th or 12th . decide amonst yourselves . 
I need to learn my lesson soon . Guys thought process is so very different from ours ... even the romantic ones . I need to learn not to get my hopes up and open my heart up so soon . You would think I would know this by now , but I guess the heart of a lover is just stubborn like that . 
The heart may freeze , or it can burn . Give in to love , or live in fear . <3 
if you combine the songs : Realize-Colbie Caillat , Eyes On You- Automatic Loveletter , The Name of the Game- Mamma Mia soundtrack , and Another Day- Rent Broadway cast . You have just about how I feel right now . 
Ow . Ow . MOTHERFKING OW . 
Brigadoon was fantastic ! I almost cried when < PROPMALE > died . <3 It was just overall a lovely play , hell I wish I lived in Brigadoon ! 
Not only did I just buy the Brigadoon ( showtunes ) album , I bought Kanon Wakeshima's album . She's Japanese and plays the cello in her pop songs . Singing in Japanese ... I am proud yet feel quite nerdy . 
These lips might sink ships but these kisses take trips . To you . And if you wanna burn yourself , if you wanna cut yourself , call me up before you're dead , we'll make some super fun plans instead , just remember that I love you . 
Loves how pretty much all the people coming to her house Wednesday have it as their status . Whut up . 
Bailar Bailar ! 
Theastaigh uaim póg Goodnight duit . :/ <3 
Got rejected today . < PROPFIRST > the guitar boy wouldn't give me a hug . That , and when I called somebody I think they answered then < PROPMALE > up . Humble pie anyone ? 
Ghetto Phone ... I-I-It's da Ghetto phone . \ 
this should be my ringtone 
Everybody go to my videos and listen to Seven Foot Shawty by < PROPFIRST > LaCosse . BEST SONG EVAR !!! trust me you'll love it 
Is so insanely excited to sing in < PROPFIRST>'s song . Can't contain this Static Passion . :P 
Firefly can I have a light ? It's so dark out here ... My shadow looked me in the eye , like I was staring in the mirror . Feels so good to disappear , in the middle of nowhere . If you're going there , look for me along the way . 
-everyone drinks from the same Dr. Pepper bottle- \ 
Erin : now we all have AIDS\ 
Jonathan : Now we can have a real RENT ! :D 
me : so does that mean you had kids ? because I'm your mom remember\ 
Cleverbot : No , can't say that I have . Do you drink booze ? \ 
Me : that's a rude thing to ask your mother\ 
Cleverbot : Well are you really a unicorn then ? 
And in the sea there is a fish , a fish that has a secret wish , a wish to be a big cactus with a pink flower on it . And the flower would be its offering of love , to the desert . And the desert , so dry and lonely , that the critter all appreciate the effort . But don't you understand , a hug would be nice . But hug my flower with your eyes . 
Leaving Sunday . Bye C'ville . See you in December . 
So I took all night to write this stupid love letter to you . To you , yeah you , from me , to you . Pick your heart up off the floor . Good intentions at the door . You said no . 
\But when lassies sit an ' have no men 
I talk to so many of you . A few I enjoy speaking to . Some I would rather dip myself in a pool of scorpions than talk to . But there is only one I would do anything to talk to . And he wants nothing to do with me . isn't it ironic ? 
like this ? \ 
and this\ 
-looks at the other-\ 
aren't we obnoxious ? \ 
thing one\ 
thing two\ 
you've set yourself up now . 
We are just lovers in space , searching for our saving grace . 
To anyone who is trying to text me at the moment . My mom hasn't bought me unlimited minutes yet ... so I currently have no minutes therefore no ability to text .... until then . So you have my apologies .. but oh well . 
Have not been this close to cussing out somebody in a long while . I need some serious love .... Those of you who know me ... know how much you have to push me to get me mad ... and not only am I mad ... I'm sad . In other words ... help . Hoedown , I need you . ( he knows who he is ) 
I LOOK LIKE A MOOSE ! \ 
Yes ... but a very CUTE moose ... make all the boy moose go MWAAAAAAAH . 
I'm filled with the feeling , as I sit here listening to music that reminds me of you , I'm filled with a deep feeling of loss . I still feel your touch , the warmth of your hand in mine , your hands on my skin in the firelight . Could I love you ? I suppose I could . It's so hard for me to say , I fear to tell you , I fear you would not love me back . Sometimes I wish my heart didn't bleed on my sleeve so obviously for you . 
I want you more and more with each passing night . Do you want me too ? I honestly hope you do ... because this heart is beating for you . Goodnight love , oh how right it feels to call you that . If only I could touch you ... my lips meeting yours . I dream of it . Someday , I'll make it come true . 
My eyes are extremely green today . I like it >:] 
< PROPMALE > brought me twilight princess ..... to use as long as I need ... did I mention how much I adore that kid ? BECAUSE I DO 
Hit me out of nowhere like a car crash on the street .... suddenly colliding into me . Now I'm bruised , tangled in my sheets . How can this feel so bad when you looked so good for me ? Oh my god what's wrong with my head ? I'm sweating with the chills , still in my bed . It's the short hello's and the long goodbye's . The shake in my lip from the look in your eyes . I've got the WORST < PROPFEMALE > over from you . 
I'm just some girl that lives in another state . Don't mind me and my want for you . Don't mind the fact that I care more about you than I should . Just pretend I'm not really there . I'm not worth your time . 
Sparks the Rescue and You Me At Six are my new favorite bands . 
I smell like Fire . I feel complete . 
Everyone feels broken sometimes . Just wait your turn , and always try to learn , to love the ones that don't show love in return . We all just need some color in our , black and white worlds . 
It's amazing how I can feel so justified in something .... and think I'm right . Then my dad calmly explains how I'm wrong ... and I get it . I feel bad for a while ... but atleast know I get that I'm in the wrong . Now I can grow and stop doing things I thought I was right in doing . I love you so much daddy .... <3 
I love when my man comes over and works in the yard then we watch a movie a nearly fall asleep . XD For two days on top of that . YOU THE MAN BABY ;) 
I made cookies for the first time today , and burned myself doing it . BUT THEY ARE DELICIOUS DAMNIT . 
If I'm a goodie two-shoes , what does that make you , baddie one-shoe ? 
I'm so very excited . I JUST found out I made Rent Ensemble , so I'm worried as well , BUT EXCITED . YEAH 
I'm freezing , listening to < PROPMALE > Burnham , and still thinking about how fking adorable Tangled was . All in all , a day well spent . 
I've been rockin the mic since before elec-tric-ity , way back in 1000 BCE , that's Before the common < PROPFEMALE >-< PROPFEMALE >-< PROPFEMALE >-< PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ? 
now I have Oh < PROPMALE > stuck in my head . 
Baby I miss you sooo baad . Why does it get worse at night ... v.v 
I'm not giving up , I'm just starting over . You're the one I love , I can be with you , when you want me to . I fell off track , I've been to love and back 
Just sang Once Upon a December . Still gives me chills . 
When life gives you lemons .... you probably just found lemons . 
Jacob : But in the end , it comes down to the person's will to pull themselves out of a pit . Oh yes . No question . it's all about will . I've had people I've done literally everything I could possibly think for . But they never made the effort to help themselves . All my coercing doesn't count for anything if they don't really want to change . \ 
THANK YOU < PROPMALE > 
If I might lend a machete ... to your intellectual thicket ... 
\We Are Going Far Away . RIGHT NOW . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Acha " 
Who wants to be my Geometry tutor ? 
thank you all for your lovely bday wishes :) 
I'm thinking of cutting my hair . Egdy pixie-cut . Thoughts ? 
I think for St. Patricks day .. I'm gonna blast my ipod with < PROPFEMALE > folk tunes and sing them all the way down the hall . Yeah . Good idea . 
You said that you would die for me .... You must live for me too . 
It was a misunderstanding you guys . I mad a big mistake and listened to a rumor when I should have heard him out first . If you're gonna get mad , get mad at me and my retarded emotions . Everything is okay , we're working it out . He didn't do what I thought he did . < PROPFEMALE > ? He . did . not . 
I don't know how you feel about me , but it's sure as hell worth a try . 
