wants to do something interesting . 

bored as hell 
hey . anyone got some 8\ kickers subwoffers they wanna sell ? haha " 
my new 50 ft tabletop is almost done (: 
McCoy should have led Texas to a victory ... damn his shoulder ! 
no it cant be bought , its something your born with , thats \What Country is \"" 
ntoWhat's on your mind ? 
rebelution has some of the best songs ive ever heard (: 
so this is what love feels like ... hmmm ... okay lol 
soooo pissed off i just wanna put some pads on and hit somebody !!! fuck this blows !!! UGH ! 
just feels like a screw up ... i get seem to do anything right . i guess its my fault but why cant i have the one thing i want ?? 
Untouchable (: 
u cant choose family .... ur stuck with them ... fml ... 
pack my bags and never look back , run a parallel line with the rail-road tracks , and at the break of day ... ill be a \runaway \"" 
stright RIPPED into the chick that wrote the \screenagers\ " artice for munoz (: this shit should be like published or something haha " 
have a lot of work todo before friday ... fml . oh well . its gona be a good weekend (: 
When u get home she'll start to cry . When she says \Im sorry\ " say \ " So am I\ " . And look into those eyes so deep in love ... And drink it up ... Cuz that's \ " the good stuff\ " - < PROPMALE > chesney " 
its my bday today (: 
went to see \wolf man\ " with the guys and it was a disapointment ... not scary at all .... but we got a kick out of it when he told his dad to kill himself ... NATE : \ " aye pops ... what are u doing after this ?? \ " hahahaha " 
hollister hills is the shit ! had a great day over there . my bike is covered in mud . and i climbed super hill like 5 times . hella fun . but i already feel pain and tomarow is gona be worse ... ( : 
got the stats on my darts engine ! (: its gona have ballz (: 
am i a bad person ?? 
ive learned nothing is ever perfect ... its how close you can come to perfect is what you strive for ... and at that point , it becomes a matter of perspective . 
haha i just noticed my computer is set up for webcam . now i wanna try it haha anyone got webcam and wanna talk ?? d : lol 
why is it so hard to know what we want ? 
fixed my jump , then couldnt help it but to go tear it up again . haha < PROPFEMALE > 
one of those tough days that i just feel like everything ive done amounts to nothing and that everything ive done i SHOULD have done better ... but i didnt ... 
come on god ... give this to me ... ive been hiding out for too long ... i feel it , times almost up . ( hope i aint wrong ) 
i feel bad about it , but it had to be done ... wants the weekend to be here 
as far as i can see i got everything i want , cuz i got a roof over my head , the woman i love naked in my bed , and its alright , alright (: 
my dart is SICK ! i cant wait 4 it to be done .... ima keep that car as long as i live . few weeks and it will be driveable 
i wanna ride , i wanna ride , i wanna ride (: 
determined . unmoved . untouchable . untameable . goals in sight . task in mind . i know what i want , just not how to do it . but one way or another it will get done . it just might take me a lil bit ... 
tied my P.R. in pole vault today .. 11 ft ... but my pole im on isnt gona throw me any higher and the new pole im trying is too stiff and i cant bend it well enough yet ... idk what ima do for saturday ... 
i have come to the conclusion that i really dont know what i want in life . and that is why i am constantly confused on what i should do because i have no set goal to achive ... it would be alot easyer if i knew what i wanted most ... 
damn ... im devastated from the pole vault camp . but it helped me soooo much . im on the stiffer pole i couldnt bend before . my swing up is alot better ... i bet i get 12 ft or even better at the next meet . my goal is 13 ft by the end of this year (: 
pole vaulting is worse then football .... i have a pulled hamstring , shin-splints , and a brused heel ( which is rediculusly painful ) and i still pole vaulted at the meet today (: 
good workout at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > seed today (: chest , bicepts , and back-side of legs . 
figured out another peice of who i am ... 
life is challenging , complicated , stressful , and great (: 
i think im gona have to delet my facebook ... it got hacked by a virus ... dont open any msgs i send u . 
You Tube http://baldheadshine.com/virtual-show/ 
You Tube http://cseajudiciary.org/private-show/ 
i will not allow myself to lose momentum now ... im first in leauge with 13 feet ( 6th in ccs ) ... my coach is amazed at what i have acomplished in 3 weeks ... but no im not satisfied , i will still cus myself out at practice ... i can do better ... i need to do better ... i refuse to be satisfied with 13 ft . 
after doing a shitty job at the meet . worked with justic adjusting some things in my vault and im headed for 13'6\ or better :) " 
air band tomarow is gona be rediculous hahaha 
KC invitational next weekend ... cant have another day like i did saturday ... 11 ft is not acceptable , im pretty sure im ranked first for our invite saturday but i gota atleast tie my current PR of 13ft ... but i think ill get 13'6\ " , 201 0-0 4-26 04:20:10 " 
did ok vaulting today ... could be better . 
practice really pissed me off today ... the track coaches r idiots ... mainly ramirez 
not going to third period tomarow :) 
i wanna ride , i wanna ride , i wanna ride :) 
it would put my mind at ease if u would atleast txt me or call me ... 
whatever . :/ 
my dart is coming together and will get started up for the first time this week 
kick rocks 
i really dislike liers ... 
wayy too lazy 2day :) 
worked on the dart for a good 3 hours today . and more hi-performance parts came in for it today 2 . 
i need to fix my dirtbike ... i kinda miss riding . 
tired 
the dart is surprisingly still on track for being drivable by fair ... hope it stays that way ;) 
my dart is getting started up sunday ! monday and tuseday we will spend time breaking in the motor . and i can drive it for fair ! ;) 
problems with the dart again :/ 
is frusterated and tired 
my phone got stolen . and my mom cancled the insurence a while ago . so now im phoneless untill i earn some cash to buy one myself . FML :/ 
sorry guys ... dart is delayed one more day :/ i hope it is on the street by wednesday . 
FAIR ! pure awsomeness for 5 days :) 
what a night :) 
i drove the dart to fair today :) 
the dart is broke in for the most part . i wanna go take it out and run it hard to see what it can do lol 
anything worth having is worth working for . 
im tired of track but i dont wanna do football . i just wanna be able to chill in the afternoons instead of working my ass off . oh well . CCS this weekend . hopefully i qualify for finals 
why do my classes have to be so difficult ? i want it to be senior year already so i can chill 
CCS saturday ... :/ 
tomarow at 9:30 i pole vault along with the best vaulters in monteray county ... wonder how well i will do ... 
its amazing how one little choice you make can change the whole course of your life ... 
im not a sinior yet ... but can i enrole as a freshmen next year ? cuz highschool has been one of the best expiriences of my life . i love it 
choked at CCS ... i feel like a champ :/ 
long weekend ... but a good one 
\happyness on earth aint just for high achivers \"" 
got the throttle fixed on the dart and it HAULS now ! too bad the gill is broken thanks to my dad hitting a deer with it . 
CAC trip today . pretty tight . 
i need a good riding session , my dirtbike hasnt been out in a while and i need to clear my head . for some reason ive been pretty stressed lately ... 
wonder if she was right ? cuz if she was then i have some adjustments to make .... hmh :/ 
the dart will be back on the road this week :) 
im callin it . Jets are goin all the way this year . they are gona rape . just watch . 
im feelin GREAT :) 
im not someone that gives up easy . but how do u know when you crossed the line between persistency and stupidity ? 
9:00 P.M. workout ... i feel great :) 
went to a HUGE ass gym this morning in riverside . it was pretty legit . and worked out harder then i have in a long time :) 
this 4th of july is nothing compared to last year lol 
fireworks were cool here in riverside . but this fourth of july was pretty boring . 
figures the day i acctually kinda want to go to football , i cant ... 
off to football practice ... :/ 
life is great . :) but today is not my day . :/ 
went with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > to the PBR last night . it was hella tight . :) 
Dart is running strong for Mels Run tomarow (: 
just got back from Mels Poker Run . it was pretty fun . the dart was runnin strong :) 
i dont give a F**k , god sent me to piss the world off :) 
Follow Me by Uncle Kracker , High by < PROPFIRST > Donahew Band -- my new favorite songs lol 
paso fair tommarow :) 
who wants to go with me to the barrel race ( or whatever it is ) going on at the fair grounds today ? 
wants to go to paso fair again . 
had a long night last night , stayed up till 4 with < PROPMALE > , then topped it off with an even longer day today . good times :) 
NEEDS A PHONE ! 
another boring night .... 
who wants to go ride dirtbikes with me tommarow ?? i wanna ride lol 
my planned night fell apart . damn it . 
badass weekend at the lake with < PROPFIRST > thorp , < PROPMALE > ho , and chewy . good times (: 
two weeks untill my summer is over ... wow it went by fast . but it has been fun . 
damn . first day of pre-doubledays running . im exhausted . im gonna die when doubledays come around :/ 
anyone wanna buy my BMX bike ? lol 
i hate phones . 
wants to ride my dirtbike ... 
anyone have an extra samsung phone charger ? haha i need one 
dreading double-days .... 
new phone . lost most of my contacts tho . if u have my number , text me with your name so i can save ur number . 
lifes good (: 
got my Deer tag (: 
from my driveway to highland hills gate and back in 7:12 (: 
i seriously have the worst luck with phones :/ my charger just broke and its the only charger i have :/ 
careful not to get burned , if theres one thing ive learned , the risk is worth the prize , no need to tell no lies , just go for it all out , thats what its all about . ( bored ) (: 
football starts monday :/ well it was a nice summer . 
boring saturday night . 
senior year ... damn ... where has the time gone ? 
another boring day of doing nothing ... football starts tomarow :/ 
anyone wanna go deer hunting tomarow afternoon ? 
ugh . football season is here :/ senior year , gotta give it all i got ... 
first day of football done ... tomarow the pain sets in :/ 
GREAT ! now i have a nice little sunburn to go along with my sore muscles . practice today is gonna be so fun :) 
sunburn + soulder pads = pain 
Deck of Cards for conditioning two days in a row ... rediculous . 
ugh . guess its the luck of the draw ... why was i the one that < PROPFIRST > the short stick ? 
football is done for the week . im destroyed , physically and mentally . 
going < PROPMALE > hunting sunday (: 
is happy football season is here ... but i want to start playing games already . screw doubledays . 
untouchable (: 
just got back from hunting . didnt see any bucks :( but still gotta love the hunting expirience (: 
kinda excited for school this year . senior year (: 
done with double days FOREVER (: 
the dart is back in the shop :/ tranny went out ... guess the Green Booger is better lol 
UNTOUCHABLE (: 
dont know what its gonna take . but i intend to keep fighting untill i reach my goal . 
im lovin football (: 
anyone wanna buy a hella nice DVD player ? haha 
god damn it . school tomarow ... ugh . jamboree friday tho (: 
i dont give a F* #k , god sent me to piss the world off (: 
like school isn't bad enough ... football for another three hours afterwards just makes my day so much better :/ 
im hopin everything goes the way i want it to . 
jamboree tomarrow . gettin pumped (: 
ive got my mind set , you can bet , i wont stop untill i get , what i want so dont forget . 
ive never been one to belive you CAN'T do something . its a game of determination and self-modivation . u gotta know what u want and want it BAD . my mind is set . UNTOUCHABLE :) 
i want to ride my baby . havent gone ridding in forever . its deffinantly overdue for a trip to the track . 
so i was told you dont look \King City\ " if your wearing Vans . hahahaha :) " 
ba da ba ba ba .... im lovein it (: 
ugh ... the thought of football practice ruins my day every time . 
hey ... you got somethin to say ? hahaha 
full gear thursdays . gotta love it . 
Game Time :) 
thanks girls ... thats exectly what i wanted after a long car ride home for a brutal game was to have to clean up my truck ... 
hopin i go hunting today . i still gotta get a deer before the season is over . 
went hunting this afternoon in Reliz canyon . pretty cool 
get there Chargers ! 
anyone got any tips for dealing with shin-splints ? 
so ... for senior quote im thinkin : \doug ! whats this chicks name ?! \ " hahahahaha " 
four hour practice ... thats cool ... 
full-gear thursdays ... gotta love it 
leadership conference was pretty cool today , got so miss school . cant beat that . 
North Monterey County tomarow ... gonna be tough . gotta give it everything we got . 
diving touchdown tonight (: only touchdown for KC too . 
my new power-balance bracelet is trippin me out . the thing really improves your balance and flexabilty ! no joke 
niners are gonna get raped ! 
getting the dart back this week . and it will be running better then before (: 
full gear thursdays 
anyone wanna go ride dirtbikes tomarow ? 
pretty decent weekend ... salinas yesterday was great , and football all day today (: 
Get there Bears ! haha 
Triple-Digit dolphins was fun . and me and hearne tore shit up on scout team (: 
thriple-digit dolphins again today ? looks like it ... gotta love football 
easy day today and game day tomarow (: gonna straight romp on solodad 
game time (: 
goin through my parents old CDs for good oldies ... theres some pretty good songs in here 
muscle cars are a LOT of work ... 
wants friday to be here 
football is gonna suck today . 
scout team tally-points ... love it ... but i think < PROPMALE > won today ... 
nate . you got handled in madden bro ... hahahaha 
can already tell this is gonna be a long week .... 
baseball sucks .... GET THERE VIKINGS ! 
GOD DAMN VIKINGS ! COME ON ! 
i hate dolphins ... 
polenta and stew ..... the Swiss know how to cook some bomb food (: 
finally rode my 250 ... havent rode in forever ... haven't lost a step tho (: the homecoming dance was a success as well (: 
interviews for JFB tomarow ... gonna be hella funny (: 
hella stupid day . oh well ... interviews was funny . lol 
not looking forward to a four hour football practice ... fml 
four hour football practice ... nothin big ! 
FML ! shit is just goin downhill right now ... no bueno 
had a VERY successful weekend :) cant wait for Mustang Reminders tomarow ... 
GOD DAMN RAMS DUDE ! way to choke ! 
dear < PROPFIRST > Farve ... you are now officially too old to be playing football ... RETIRE ! 
last home football game of my life this friday ... it still hasn't sunk in that i wont ever be playing football again after this season ... 
KC Mustangs : #1 in state and #5 in the nation for most interceptions (: haha 
last home game ... better smash 
got a new system in the dart and it sounds BADASS (: 
ugh ... 5 practices this week ... i love it . 
we gotta keep up that \King City Swagger \"" 
finally gonna get a < PROPMALE > to ride my 250 this weekend (: 
new plyometric dolphins : The Skip hahahaha 
went riding at the hearnes house . it was down . ate it pretty hard off a 60 ft table-top but nothing but a few scraps and bruses haha definantly a success 
its wayy too cold ! 
alot of u still dont have my new number ... for those of u that dont have it ... my new number is ( 831 ) 206-5323 
the worst feeling in the world in my opinion is feeling helpless ... definantly a feeling that can ruin ur day . 
what time is it ?... Game Time (: 
Insanity : doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result ..... i guess that makes me insane . lol 
football is over ... but im always gonna bleed that Mustang Blue ! 
just saw a pack of BMWs pull out of starbucks ... every driver was asian hahaha laughs 
my ankle is all messed up from riding yesterday :/ 
hella tired from cutting wood today ... back to school tomarow :/ but no football practice afterwards !!! :) 
football season is over ... now i gotta hit the weights for polevault . shooting for a spot on the Record Board this year , and CCS finals too (: 
bored ... \ 
Inbox Only : Tell me something you've always wanted to say and it stays between us . ( Put this as your status and see what you get ! ) 
< PROPFIRST > Vick is a badass 
gets to sleep in tomarow morning (: 
< PROPMALE > potter was a decent movie ... lets hope the last one is better tho . 
hopefully i get a < PROPMALE > to ride my 250 this weekend . 
anyone happen to have a small trailer about the size to haul a quad or dirtbike ? i am in need of one for tomarow ... 
happy thanksgiving everyone 
got to drive a beamer and saw a 1969 Z28 Camaro ... successful thanksgiving (: 
gonna go check out a motocross track down here in riverside today ... if its pretty decent imma bring my bike with me next trip so i can tear it up (: 
Rams are leading the NFC West ... yee (: 
got a sweater for \player of the week\ " at the football banquet ..... awsome (: " 
thursday night football ! 
wants to ride my 250 
got the dart all cleaned up and lookin good again (: 
hey Farve is out ! the Vikings might actually win now ! haha 
is ready to let the dogs out . haha 
wayy too bored ... 
got a $500 exhaust system for my dirtbike (: cant wait to put it on and go for a test ride (: 
got madden ' 11 , two new Fox hats , new motocross gloves , motocross goggles , an exhaust and an oil filter for my dirtbike , and a bunch of cologne ... Marry Christmas everyone ! cant wait to be back in < PROPMALE > City (: 
Lets go Rams !!! 
how about them Rams ?? (: 
hmh ... what should i do today ? 
good day of riding in hollister (: 
ddddaaammmnnnn .... Marshawn Lynch is a badass , that TD was SICK . 
damn ... school tomarow :( 
monday , monday ... so good to me . haha 
$30 for working two hours at a roping ... not bad :) 
this week went by FAST . and its a three day weekend !!! (: 
ugh ... stressin . no bueno 
getting PE 3rd period next cem . and gonna try to get it 6th period too . (: 
20 more days untill i am legally an adult 
im gonna have to have my four wisdom teeth pulled soon . they are starting to irritate me . fml 
lookin like its gonna be a boring saturday night ... 
missing school so i can get my wisdom teeth pulled tomarow ... awsome . 
anyone got an old skateboard they dont want anymore ? im in need of one 
got my wisdom teeth pulled this morning ... wasnt bad at all 
no school again today (: and i might not go tomarow (: but home isnt all that interesting ether ... 
at home again today ... still look like a damn chipmunk . hopefuly the swelling goes down tomarow so i can go to school . lol 
i can still taste blood in my mouth from getting my wisdom teeth removed :/ and that was 4 days ago ! 
Well ... this sux :/ 
Steelers are going to SMASH 
I LOVE superbowl commercials hahahha 
Mendenhall is BEAST ! 
They brought in slash ! That's SICK ! 
Im not trippin . The pack is losing players left and right . And the steelers were down worse against the ravens and they came back ... steelers got it :) 
Pretty bored ... I should do something productive ... workout ? I think yes :) 
soooo ... im hoping to get on the record board for pole-vault , but i dont have a pv coach ... awsome 
what a night ... thanx everyone for coming , hope u all had fun 
shittyest day ever ... and its my birthday :( 
like an < PROPFEMALE > in my head , i can still hear those words you said . 
good workout today ... i feel good (: 
Meet me in the country for a day ? we'll be happy , and we'll dance , oh we're gonna dance our blues away ... and if im feelin ' good to you , and your feelin ' good to me , there ain't nothin we can't do or say , feelin ' good , feelin ' fine ... oh baby just let the music play .... oh-oh-ohhhh \Listen to the Music\ " (: " 
Im not looking for a love that will last ... i know what i need and i need it fast ... theres one thing in common that be both share ... thats a need for eachother anytime , anywhere ... its so \Urgent\ " ( Foreigner ) (: " 
U got the kinda lovin ' that can be so smooth . Give me your heart and make it real ... Or else forget about it ( gotta love < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Workout ... then crash out lol 
Finished my workout for the night and Finally made my ballance board ... it's pretty difficult 
Watching supercross . These guys have it made ... Money , girls , and best of all they get to ride all day eveyday ! must be nice lol 
U don't always get what u want . But that doesn't mean u shouldn't try ur hardest to get it , cuz u never kno when u might just get lucky 
Good workout ... feelin pumped :) 
Anime cartoon marathon at nates ! hahahaha 
i wish it would just stay < PROPFEMALE > . i hate this overcast garbage . 
im thinkin i need to take a trip to hollister very soon ... its been a while since ive rode my dirtbike :/ 
gettin back in shape ... feels good (: 
had an awsome dream last night .... huge rumble between KC track team and < PROPFEMALE>'s track team ... we SMASHED (: 
< PROPMALE > stephens is gay . dont ever write shit on my status again u homo 
wants to ride this afternoon ! 
pretty chill saturday night 
Since ' 84 (: 
damn ... school tomarow :/ 
ugh ... feels like its gonna be a long week :/ 
stressed :/ need to go riding soon ... always a great stress reliever . 
< PROPMALE > Hearne : \Dude whats our number ? \ " \ 
1st place for pole vault at Watsonville meet today . awsome (: 
chill weekend . back to school tomarow :/ 
rough night . gonna be an even rougher day :( 
chamberlin meet today in PG . im thinkin first place for polevault (: 
3 meets ... 3 first places (: 
ha , sometimes things are so shitty you just gotta laugh 
what to do this afternoon ... hmh ... 
whats up with all the \fruit\ " status's ?? " 
with all this rain , i really wanna take my dirtbike mobbin through all the fields/ranches haha 
anyone got boxing gloves and down to let me borrow them ? lol 
definantly ready for the weekend . hope i find something to do ... 
All this rain is making me depressed ... I hate rain ... better be < PROPFEMALE > tomarow :) 
second time ive wasted my saturday on a bus just to get rained-out ... gay 
< PROPFEMALE > day = a good day (: 
cant sleep :/ 
lookin like its gonna be a long night ... 
does anyone know how long callarmans essay is suppose to be ?? 
straight HANDLED on my english essay (: 
whoo !! saco tonight with thorpus ! gettin buck-wild and crazy ! haha 
four years of hard work paid off .... i WON the KC Invitational for Pole-Vault (: 
sunday recuperation ... lol 
Chill weekend ... watched a lot of family guy lol 
