The funeral business is a raging wild fire ! 

finally up and off to start the new J.O.B. ! 
beauty treatment and a cocktail , then im off to < PROPMALE > some boys :) 
Thinking about my brain ... with my brain . Go figure . 
Loves the smell of progress !!!! 
IN DC with my favorite boys !! 
On a silent and personal quest to understand which path is the right one for me to follow . Is it time to start a new chapter ? Is there anything else to elaborate on in this one ? Life is a collection of adventures . Its your reponsibilty to keep the sdventures coming . One day you'll be glad you did . :) 
[ Unknown ] 
ALL OF DC NEEDS TO BLOCK HOPE KLIEN ON FACEBOOK IF YOU LOVE YOURSELF !!!!!!!!!! 
Apparently , \The Reason\ " is as follows(Write this down every one ): \ " Every second of everyday is a message of the education you are supposed to have . \"" 
Im having issues uploading my videos from Armin < PROPFIRST > Buuren !! Please help !! 
I just do-not-get it ... < PROPFEMALE > , the day I start spending hours , upon hours , in an online FARM , pretending to feed chickens and milk the cows , I trust that you will contact the appropriate facility and see that I get the care that I am in need of . 
What does everyone think about Dr. < PROPMALE > Venter's new discover ? ( the scientist responsible for mapping the entire human genome , has now generated an actual strand of DNA(software ) with a computer ; when placed inside of a cell , reprograms the cell , and grows ( regenerates ( creates its own hardware )) , undergoes metabolism , \ 
maintains homeostasis , \ 
respond to stimuli ; AKA : Is by def ... LIFE . Please meditate and respond :) 
Pool-side with the boys ... The content of my book , the subjects of my desires , and the rest I could not care less about ... 
Capitol Pride this week , Pier NYC next week .... I am so thankful that I'm GAY ! Hahahahaha 
Capitol Pride parade was awesome ! Gonna be long night . Then pride festival tomorrow should be an experience . 
The only thing I ever control is my current thinking . My current thought , the one I am thinking now , is totally under my control . 
If you bring forth what is within you what you bring forth will save you . If you don't bring for what is in you what you don't bring forth will destroy you . 
I`m outrageous . 
Whered ' the plane go ?? 
Golatians 5:12 ... 
In Pittsburg 
Just got home from a wonderful few days in Pittsburgh 
I'm gonna make you shake , I'm gonna make your hand shake . 
At target with < PROPMALE > , waiting on the boys for some shopping and then up stairs to the gym . 
In this very body , six feet in length , with its sense-impressions , thoughts , and ideas , lies the world , the origin of the world , the ending of the world , and likewise the way that leads to the cessation of the world . \ 
\ 
- Anguttara Nikaya 
Health is the greatest gift , contentment the greatest wealth , faithfulness the best relationship . \ 
Buddha 
A mere 4 degrees in Pittsburgh < PROPFEMALE > . Burrh ... 
Feeling very thankful for the other in my life . ive never imagined such a level of happiness and power . 
Off to the gym . Everyone have a wonderful day !!! :) 
It's just as important to communicate that you are unhappy , as it is to communicate that you are happy . Although , there is something profound , yet utterly meaningless , in the simple lack of communication at all . 
One way or another , life goes on . Use your turn signals , and communicate your feelings to those round you so they may know in which direction to proceed . 
Or don't . And risk probably never find your way back to that place again . 
Ugh ... finally got a cup of coffee , only took a plastic bag , some duct tape , a candle and some napkins . lol but its damn near the best coffee ive ever had . lol Todays do list : Buy coffee grinder and french press . 
Dubstep is the mother truckin answer !! 
Really feeling myself right now 
I don't know how much more of the painful longing I can take . 
The meditation ceremony last night under the full < PROPFEMALE > was AMAZING !!!!! Thanks to all who attended !!! 
It’s time for me to get mad . To go the distance , however far that may be . It’s time for me to stop being afraid . It’s time for me to stop worrying about what everyone else thinks and feels and to begin taking action on my own accord . What I need is out there and I need to go get it . My desires are waiting for me . What have I been waiting for ? 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour ? 
1 < PROPFIRST > 5:10 \ 
10 And after you have suffered a little while , the God of all grace , who has called you to his eternal < PROPFEMALE > in Christ , will himself restore , confirm , strengthen , and establish you . #Bible http://j.mp/i42XtE 
“What we call the beginning is often the end . And to make an end is to make a beginning . The end is where we start from . ” ~ T.S. Eliot 
\But he that dares not grasp the thorn Should never crave the rose . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Bronte " 
