111509 <3 

Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . The important thing is not to stop questioning . 
at jordans boutta get schmaked 
LMFAO SHES A CLOWNNNN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Love never dies but it can kill u 
< PROPFEMALE > EYED NANS THANKING THAT ITS SEASONAL 
we was supposed to take over i caught her bumping either 
have you ever been ever been 2 heaven at night ? 
it is 12:40 and dnt wanna go to bed 
I got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes Hate in my heart , love in my mind I seen nights full of pain , days of the same You keep the sunshine , save me the rain 
Its like < PROPFIRST > Mccartney stuck in my head , he fell in love with a chick and walked away on one leg 
WOW I RELE RELE HOPE U DNT EVER TALK TO ME AGIAN LMFAO !!! 
Cold sweats occur when im not with her , her presence is a must <3333 
flying solo 
< PROPFIRST > brown- i needed you 
so sweet she bad for me , but she so good I’ll take the cavity 
NE-YO - GO ON GIRL ! 
im so fly when i walk my feet dnt even touch the surface -juelz < PROPFEMALE > 
When we started I know this relationship was unhealthy You broke the code Never thought that you would stoop so low 
V . I . P . P we in there tm 
Wale - Diary -__- 
YeahSee , breaking up it's hard to move along it's even harderIt's over she got colder now can't locate where her heart is 
Can we stay broken up and all these pages close em up I hope we both do learn from this so my next dont dont gotta be so rough 
Don't know they hate for\ 
Just gettin my paper\ 
Well maybe they'll love me more when I'm gone- IM STUCK BITCHES 
Uh , I don't love ' em , I don't < PROPMALE > ' em I duck ' em 
IN MY KITCHEN THERES MORE GRAMS THEN A NURSING HOME LOL 
I used to love her , fuck it i still do , love never dies but it can kill you 
Sometimes I just wanna speak you upYeah , hit you up , or call you up , or send a textYour new man got my respect So if I do call it's just 2 check 
U . S . A- 2010 World Cup Champions here we come 
at < PROPFIRST > gettin waved up p.s. for every action theres a reaction 
shes mad but so what im chuckin my duces up 
FUCK U , YOU HOE I DONT WANT U BACK !!!!!! 
boutta hit up the beach .... everybodys a critic these days smh 
cant wait 2 get home -___- 
Dam i wish i was home =/ 
Use to be valentines\ 
Together all the time\ 
Thought it was true \ 
love , but you know women lie\ 
Its like I sent my love with a text two \ 
times\ 
Call cause I care but I aint get no reply\ 
Tryna see eye to \ 
eye but its like we both blind 
i hate liars fuck love im tired of tryin 
watchin friday 
Im thinking one girl\ 
\ 
She thinking me , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and jimmy\ 
Yep she had plenty\ 
But love for me , she didnt have any 
[ Jay-Z]I keep it fresher than the next bitchno need .. for you to ever sweat the next bitch .. with speed , I make the best bitch see the exit .. indeed , 
some people just cant take a hint !!! i dont wanna talk 2 u 
on to the next one on to the next oneHard to move on when you always regret one 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > FUCKIN SEIGNIOUS !!!!!!!!!!!! 
rollin out this half ouncePuff pass , nigga I puff grass till I pass out - wiz Kahlifa 
< PROPFEMALE > Seignious is my Hero <3 
i know they say the first love is the sweetest but the first cut is the deepest i tried 2 keep us 2geather u were busy telling secrets 
beachh w| J and my 2 favorites =) 
wheres faith when u need her ??? 
People tell me slow my role im screamin out fuck that 
She brings me so much painSo much misery , like missing your last shotAnd fall to your knees . 
bumpin HOV GREATEST WRITER OF THE 21ST CENTURY !!!! 
LIFE IS SUCH A BEACH CHAIR 
ok now we outta here tootles to you bitches !! 
Dam last Day of summer 
offense bout 2 get a true work out td 
another year older ! 
im always up 2 late , i worry bout you there alone , in that place you call ur home 
and my eyes so red like the devil is and im boutta take 2 another biiiiitch 
I was looking for the onenow I’m feeling dumb for thinking that it was youI was wrong now I’m back up in this b-tch going harder than I didwatch me do it 
ik u say u love me girl problem is you prob tell that shit to everybody so we here u talkin girl but we just dont belive u 
R . I . P to the girl u used 2 see 
iLovePenisiNmYMouth ! POW ! 
its bout that time ..... shits boutta be LIVE !!!!!!! 
i look 2 my right nothing i look 2 my left a G6 
the plan was to drink untill the pains over but whats worst the pain or the hangover 
you cant have my heart the doctor told me ill be dead without it 
1017 BRICK SQUAD !!!!! 
the main goal is to leave the skeptic's breathless 
just discoverd a whole new level of elivation 
just recived my boarding pass i will reaching < PROPFEMALE > in aproximately ten to fifteen < PROPFEMALE > . 
im really trying to make it more than what it is because everybody dies but not everybody lives 
the same one im missing is basically the whole reason why i became different 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GREATEST RAPPER ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH 
So I have to give her Free time , even if it hurts So breathe mami , it's deserved You've been put on this earth to be All you can be , like the reserves 
there's no mercy for me nightmare's have become my dreams 
if you were bleach and i were hair i wouldn't die for you 
Just Wanna Have A Good Time And Keep You Off My Mind 
too many claiming there froggy but never left the < PROPFEMALE > 
And i heard there's no one new except for someone new but how you pose to find that one when anyone will come with you 
girl you trippen tn im poppin bottles with my lemons 
i used to cut class in the day then run away at night but now im leader of the upper class and i dont even write- B.o.b 
All this Giant and Eagle Talk funny how the Ravens just bussed the defending champs ass 
I'm holding on to something that used to be there hoping it will come back , knowing it won't . 
you never see it coming , you just get to see it go </3 
you wanna impress me ?.......... drown a fish lol 
Talk is cheap .... And im way to expensive 
dam LeBron ..... Another triple double ?? 
A house is Not a Home“ , I hate this song\ 
is a house really a home when your loved ones are gone ?? 
my boy's say you'll be back soon i feel its pretty long ..... it took me months to realize your rele gone 
WTH am i supposed to do untill the lemons get back ?? 
who got 5 on it ?? 
< PROPFIRST > A . < PROPFEMALE > I am now clear for takeoff lol 
Demyis - made from the best stuff on earth like snapple tea leaves 
stick your nose to your forehead and staple it\ 
life is too short and I got no time to sit around just wasting it 
and they said time is of the essence , but what if that clock was wrong ? 
wit the lemons bowling I guess ? 
“Don't gain the world and lose your soul , wisdom is better than silver or gold ... \ - < PROPMALE > Marley " 
My music fights against the system that teaches to live and die . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > seignious , shes my sunshine <3 ... and i have a big head ! 
Time will reveal more will be shown , you pushed it\ 
I thought the door closed on it’s own 
they said sky's the limit .......... how bitch im < PROPFEMALE > walking 
dam the jets really boutta win right now ? 
sometimes i rhyme like inside einstiens mind 
gotta live for today so life wont pass me by 
im bout to role me up a Blunt with my list of regrets burn it all burn it all im startin it fresh 
i only believe in myself im the one doing the breathin 
jealousy is a females trait - D . Smith 
Agony 
Man down 
I barely get tired Im rarely inspired , \ 
and you accomplish in a week what I’m daily required , 
27pts 12rbs 10ast how is he not the < PROPMALE > of this game 
whats good tn 
fake it till u make it ......... what happens when u do ? friends turn into strangers so imma stranger to 
People want a handle like here you go \ 
Man , the realest guy I know is inside the mirror bro 
yea they got mello but the still cant fuck with that trio from MIA 
they re-write history i dont belive in yesterday 
I think that all the silence is worse than all the violence\ 
Fear is such a weak emotion thats why I despise it 
we live in a world where its more ok to follow than to lead in this world being a leader is being a threat to the system we are all accustomed to 
she got me thinking bout a perfect day ! 
LeBron < PROPFIRST > 19 points , 8 rebounds , 7 assists . 
only toke'n that real grass .... no arena turf 
sooo i just fed < PROPFEMALE > Cudii an oreo ! 
dont you hate when a song relates a little too much 
life without dreaming is a life without meaning 
i hate when people are willing to sacrifice their own happiness for the sake of others 
