the sun's shining , yeah ..... 

please pray for me today to have the strength to have my little dog put to sleep . His name is Spanky he has cancer and we were up all night with him . He can hardly breathe . And i don't know if i have the strength to end his suffering . 
so Happy Spanky got to come back home today !!! he got new medicine and he feels better . the vet said it won't work for long but at least we'l have him a little longer . 
My little dog Spanky died today . It hurts so much even though we were expecting it , I don't think he suffered and I ' thankful I didn't have to put him to sleep . I will miss him terribly . Today really sucks . 
Happy Birthday MOM . I love you . Today my mom is 71 any of you who know her number give her a call just wait until after 10 this morning cause she's still asleep . Taking her to the < PROPFEMALE > Garden this evening and then shopping . 
Pit bull was shot and killed on her own property tonight cause she scared someone , dog was not aggressive she belonged to two little kids , the owner wasn't home and she wouldn't go to the neighbors who tried to catch her because she was scared . They called me it took me 10 minutes to get there , I was too late cops shot her and threw her in the back yard like trash . This really pisses me off . 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful huband . I love him more than words can say . 
Please pray fo my mom she is in the hospital , she has infection in her foot and she's a diabetic . Need all the prayers she can get . thank you .. 
Mom's foot is still the same the infection is not going away . If her doctor doesn't try new medicine tomorrow I ' getting her transferred to a different hospital . 
Mom's foot is getting better , the doctor said it was cellulitus , ( infection in the soft tissue . She has to stay 5 more days . Thanks for all the prayers ! 
beer or wine . 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes , I had a wonderful time today and you all made my day even more special . 
I want to wish my most wonderful , beautiful , perfect granddaughter Taytum Happy Birthday . She is 3 today time sure does fly it seems like yesterday she was just coming home from the hospital . But she will always be < PROPFEMALE>'s baby , I love her so much ! 
Three years ago today God called one of His precious angels home and I miss her everyday , I love you < PROPFEMALE > ... 
banana ! 
My profile pic is of my little dog < PROPFEMALE > , today she is 10 years old . Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! I love her so much ... 
