2011-make it your bitch 

Uh , yeah , Facebook . Get ready for this . 
just finished watching Trapped in the Closet a third time and is really embarrassed by this fact 
5 AM wake up call next four days . Life sucks . 
knows that nothing is more epic and dramatic than a Ravens-Panthers preseason game ... 
Its so fun doing a buncha homework before the first day of school . Yeah , the answers are in the back of the book , but you have to keep flipping back and forth and try to show work and actually semi know some of the stuff . Too much for my feeble tired mind . 
If possible , dont have a car breakdown on broadway ... 
is tired of conjuring BS about the vital importance of chromatography to our everyday lives 
Anyone wanna go golf for me at 5 AM tomorrow ??? Anyone ??? Didn't think so ... 
is in a crowd of hundreds in a tent watching ten year olds dance poorly to a < PROPFIRST > Bieber song 
Boy , that AP Chem is such a blowoff class 
Two words : < PROPFIRST > Hoomanawanui 
Are we human or are we dancer ? 
So apparently I am resistible ... 
is off to Mattoon in the morning , ready to enjoy the obvious stench of nearby meth labs on the golf course 
FOOTTTBBBBAAAAALLLLLL !!!!!!!! Are you ready for some ? 
Wow , Lady Gaga . I never thought < PROPFEMALE > would be holding your meat purse either ... 
I know this is real shocking and all , so don't piss your pants or anything , but the Rams suck at football 
is really embarrassed that his family is watching the new sitcom about fat people after they watched an hour of Little People Big World 
Now THAT ... was fucking righteous 
In honor of the Rams ' future Super Bowl win , a new profile picture of the super sexy < PROPMALE > Spagnuolo 
Okay , I believe you , but my < PROPFIRST > gun don't ... 
This is a long drive for someone with nothing to think about 
Study groups : the most fantastic tool for avoiding studying ever devised 
Illinois looks like a real football team today ... what the hell ??? 
Finally getting to watch football , Facebook in pirate and watching Nowhere for the third time has made me muy muy contento 
is officially retiring from professional golf 
needs Halloween costume suggestions ... any thoughts ??? 
Red Wibbon Week- it makes me feel SADD 
is ready to engage in a year-long plot against nevershoutnever ... who's with me ??? 
realized a life lesson for the umpteenth time this weekend : its way too much to ask Highland , Mizzou , and the Rams to all win in the same weekend 
Chickenshit bullshit 
Its bedlam in this basement right now ... 
hates when Facebook quizzes automatically post your results to them on your wall and you dont take them down before someone notices ... 
keep it in your pants ... 
Prenzler wins , Alexi loses . What the hell Illinois ? WHAT . THE . HELL . ????????? 
needs a new band to shamelessly promote after MGMT was violently opposed by y'all ..... 
Michigan 67 , Illinois 65 . Still trying to figure out what the fuck just happened . 
Ahh ... nothin like waitin for a crew of straight up gangstas so you can < PROPFEMALE > out at an animated movie 
is sitting in a room filled with totally silent nerds and the beautiful sounds of < PROPFIRST > Buble 
< PROPFEMALE > persona < PROPFEMALE > es mayormente muy contentos de llegar < PROPMALE > gueto mexicano . La heroína se inyecta , cab < PROPMALE > los en miniatura será violada , billetes de < PROPFEMALE > dólar dólar estar lloviendo en la discoteca , y extravagante strippers negro enano enano se esconde en cada armario / ascensor . ¡Qué fabuloso ! 
wasted these words on lowercases and capitals 
Dobby , I weep for you ;( 
Chillin in the snowy stl , watchin the lions KILL dem patriots 
was a little premature in congratulating the lions . They truly suck ( but hey , at least they dominate the rams ... ) 
just saw a majorly tricked out prius at target . Uhm ... this totally reaffirms my faith in Americas good taste 
\Womens sweaters are the best ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > D Hooks " 
is at school studying on a snow day YEEAAA BOOYYY !!! 
Oh < PROPFIRST > Favre ... 
is in a room with < PROPFIRST > sutton right now ... what should i say to him ? 
Do you ever feel like a plastic bag ? 
So theres an asian guy at the gas station driving a brand new bmw tricked out with a nice , bright pink hello < PROPFEMALE > seat cover ... WTF ? 
So .... Murry Christmas urrybody 
Dear Rams coaching staff : offense isn't for pussies , its for teams that actually win games ... so , uh , try to get better at it before next year ??? 
Cam < PROPMALE > can now officially stop screwing with Americas hopes and dreams of a Ducks national championship and go be a bust in the NFL somewhere 
no school again 
had a fabulous day of sledding , infomercial watching and pumping iron 
Aww , poor snooki ..... I hope you find love too 
