So lose some sleep and say you tried ... 

Am I in the club , now that I have a Droid ? Lol 
Hey ! New number ! Send me yo digitz !!!! :) 
I think I need a new perspective on life . Or something new period . 
Hey ! I just wanted to drop a line and congradulate you and < PROPMALE > . The slideshow was really cool . :) 
Life is good . :) My luck seems to be turning around for a change . 
Breaking my back and coming home sweating is not worth $8.50 an hour . I need a better job . :/ 
Ready for the beach !!!! :D 
Yay ! Totally fractured my arm while trying to skim board . :) Clumsy people should avoid that sport but I want to do it again in 6 weeks when I get my cast off ! 
Happy to be with family and out of PC . Just wish I could enjoy it more without this stupid cast . :( 
I have the sexiest Iron Man Slurpee ever ! I get to drink from his head .. ;) I can't wait for that movie ! 
Mind-flex is amazing !!!!!! I can control shit with my mind ! Look it up ! :D 
I love the Tampa area . :) 
Back home and avoiding skim boarding for a little while . :) 
I need to find a hobby or skill I am good at . Hmm . :) 
I'm loving the new Gorillaz cd ! Just wish I could listen to the new Circa Survive ! 
How to train you dragon was adorable . I want to be a viking :( Oh well I got The Beatles and thats all I need . :) 
< PROPFIRST > Green was \relaxing in pc\ " and no one has seen him and he couldn't do a show ?! UGH ! SO lame . " 
Did I somehow wake up into yesterday ? Today is starting to be just as frustrating as yesterday . Haha . 
Leaving Monday for Indiana ! < PROPFEMALE > with me people ! :D 
Whoever said off shore drilling was ok and could be safe HAS to be eating their tounge by now . 
Happy ever native in my soul . :) ? 
So while I'm in Indiana I've been trying to learn how to become the best card player ever so when I'm an old person I can still kick everyones ass at a game of cards . :) The next thinng I want to practice is how to put an IV in someone , but using oranges as a helpful practicing tool . :) 
I LOVE the new Circa Survive cd . :) 
Attending a funeral while in Indiana . It's what I expected , but had hoped wouldn't happen . R.I.P Great Aunt < PROPFEMALE > <3 
If I open both of my eyes , \ 
I still see an empty space . \ 
But if I keep them closed\ 
Then there's still a < PROPMALE > that something is out there . 
Having a great time in Indiana . :) But when I get home I want a zombie movie marathon night . >:D 
If your Mom is your hero , your best friend , or just the best mother ever ... whether you are blessed to have your Mom still with you , or if she is an Angel in Heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom and how much you love her . ~ You will never know how much I love you mom . :) It's insane . <3 ~ 
It's spring in Indiana and it's been 50 degrees all day . Some how I forgot to pack a jacket . Haha I guess I'm just a stupid floridian after all . :) Even though I was born in Indiana :D 
Going to be back in PC by 11am tomorrow . And wednesday I get my cast taken off ! FINALLY ! :D 
My first plane got over booked and I'm in Indianapolis till 12:30 ! Won't be in pc till # but whatever ! :) Just going to make the best of my long trip . lol 
My cast is off ! :D Freedom ! Now it's time to go skimboarding again . >:) 
Went to the beach yesterday . Saw a reggae concert out on the beach . And watched the yellow submarine ! And all of those events included the people I love and care for . :) Yesterday was awesome and today isn't turning out too bad either ! :D Love not having a cast ftw ! 
Party tonight at the castle ? I think so ! :) 
Been going to the beach , and working out the past 3 days . :) Can't wait to go tomorrow and eventually get in shape ! :D 
Downloading The Beatles \Help ! \ " Movie . Buahahaha . Can't wait to watch it tonight . :) " 
Oh and google is awesome when pac man is involved . :D 
I've been waiting almost 2 hours for this download . And now it is mine . >:) 
I am sunburnt SO badly . Lol Whos doing something tonight ? Hit me up so I won't be bored ? 691-6188 . :) And later this week I'm having a Zombie Movie night ! Not sure when ! Updates later . :) Rawr ! 
Going to attempt creativity and paint a wall in my room . :) 
Zombie Movie Night Thursday I do believe ! :D No party tonight . But that just gives me time to draw and paint my wall . :) 
I can never figure out if I'm laughing at something cause it's actually funny , or if I'm just easily amused . Haha :) 
And YES ! Zombie Night ! Tomorrow ! at 10 ... ish . :D I'm such a scared-y cat but I looooove zombies . :3 Rawr ! 
Enjoying the last few days of freedom before starting the usual grind of work . :) 
Had an awesome night last night ! :) Everyone needs to bring a super soaker one night and we will just soak everyone in alcohol >:D 
Apparently certain people are treating my words like it's opposite day or something . When I tell you not to talk to me again because I dislike and can't trust you , doesn't mean text me and send me facebook friend requests . Geez , can anyone take a hint ? 
Terminate the hate . Spread the love . ? 
Nathans wrestling show is tonight people ! Go ! Go ! Go ! :) Starts at 7@ The boys and girls club on 19th street . And there is an after party !!! :) 
Driving up front beach is annoying as hell when everyone from out of state wants to drive 25mph . People seriously need to get with the speed limit . >:( 
Man , catching up with friends in California really makes me miss the west coast . :( So much prettier there than P . C .... <3 
My boyfriend is awesome . :) Had a great day at the beach with Stef ! My weekend is looking pretty good ! Make plans for tomorrow ? 
Audiosurf is the coolest game EVER . I must have it ! 
Going to the beach ! At 3 ! Behind Schooners ! Meet us there if you want to go ! :) 
Had a fun time at the beach . Now I need to find something to do ! Don't leave me bored people ! Lets make plans ! : > 6916188 text me ! 
Theres so many events I want to go to !!! Harrpy Potter Universal Theme Park ! And a Mc < PROPFIRST > concert ! So many good things happening this month . <3 
IM ON THE INTERNET AT MY HOUSE . OMG . You have no idea how amazing this is . 
Got a bad case of insomnia last night . Been up 24 hours and havew to work 2 to 11 . :) Fun times . 
Why do I have to work the worst hours so it's impossible for me to see a movie at a theater on the days I work ? Screw you 2 to 11 ! I want to see Get Him To the Greek ! >:( 
Ready for some adventure ! :) Tired of the normal day in , day out . 
Can't wait . One more week and I get to see Mc < PROPFIRST > . : > <3 
Haha . This bitch is seriously retarded . :) Excuse my french . But it had to be said . Party tonight ! No cancelations ! And alot of people are planned to be there ! So come over ! :) Party with us ! <3 
You've come to love me lightly\ 
Yeah you've come to hold me tight . \ 
Is this motion everlasting , \ 
Or do shutters pass in the night ? 
Dont call me your friend\ 
When all these\ 
Lies make it better\ 
Lies are forever\ 
Lies to go home to \ 
Lies you wake up to\ 
Lies from the alter\ 
Lies make you falter\ 
Lies keep your mouth fed\ 
Lies till your death bed\ 
( < PROPFIRST > Talent knows all . lol ) 
Hard to get a grip with all these broken fingers . 
I'm not counting anymore . 
I need something real . Something I can feel . So go ahead and hit me with your best shot . 
Missing my glowstick . :( 
Is on the pursuit of happiness 
Today is my least favorite of all days . The world needs to stop and stfu . My world doesnt stop spinning , my mind is on overdrive , and my heart doesn't seem to stop aching . So yes , I'm on the pursuit of happiness . 
< PROPFIRST > McCartney needs to except his fate , come take me away and marry me . <3 
Having bombs dropped on me like it's Okinawa !!! Whaaaa ? 
Omg my best friend of 14 years just got engaged . Screw my random petty life drama . I'm WAY too happy and excited for her to let anything bring me down today . :) Congrats < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you ! <3 
Everything today has just been a reminder of what I recently lost . Ugh . Bed seems to be the best remedy . 
Waiting by the mailbox , by the train \ 
Passin ' by the hills ' til I hear the name\ 
I'm looking for a saw to cut these chains in half and all I want is\ 
Someone to rely on as\ 
Thunder comes a rolling down\ 
Lightning comes a staring in again 
I found blood and I saw stars . All in the backseat of your car . And I told you it was love , but you don't really want to know the truth . 
Monday night ! Party time ! No sitting around on the couch , no deatbeats who are going to leave at 1 ! It's time to party and time to bring your lively attitudes ! :) 11 ! Bring your friends , bring your mom , bring your mom's friends . >:) Just come out and make our monday night wonderful ! <3 
Is on cloud 20 . Far out in space . I don't have any weights , and my heart feels so light . 
Also Monday night ! Don't you forget where you have to be ! :) 
But , you won't find love in a , won't find love in a hole . \ 
It takes more than fucking someone to keep yourself warm . 
Just know I'm chopping off all my fucking hair soon . So tempted to cut it all today at work with a box cutter it was pissing me off that bad . Haha . 
No body seem's so be having a good day today . Maybe we should all just bury our heads in the sand until tomorrow comes . 
I'm starting to believe everything that they say . 7 is the lucky number of the day . 
I'm pretty sure I'm pulling an all nighter/day . It's 9 am and I'm not in bed yet . Seems like sleep is not happening for me today . 
Music makes my world go round . <3 
Dreaming with our heads cut off . 
Finally there's clarity , and it looks like a lightbulb , cartooned and drawn above my head . 
\Some days 
Well I thought you were shallow , but then I fell in deep . 
My words are like air . Light , and in one ear and out the other . 
Hey you ! You with the face ! Come to our party tonight ! We need tons of people and fun times ! And you could be a part of it all . :) So come join us ! 
One , two , three , four . \ 
Can I have a little more ? \ 
Five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , \ 
I love you . 
Focused . 
Pretty sure no one is going to see all that < PROPFEMALE > and beauty . Or maybe it never existed . Who knows . 
I'll follow you , when the stars go blue . 
Is sick of pressure . Screw this . 
That has to be the last time I stay up so late watching < PROPMALE > . Totally had a weird ass dream last night . Ugh . Haha . :) Going to work and trying to make the day good ! Tomorrow should be awesome ! 
Perfect way to blow my bonus on my paycheck and cheer myself up . Drive to New Orleans and get myself a new tattoo . Anyone want to come ? 
Has anyone else thought of this ? If you spell wtf , and spell it backwards it's ftw . That's awesome . :) 
Study time ! Then who knows what later ! Me and your mom should do something . :) 
I think screaming alot of profanity about now would be really good . 
Really digging The XX . <3 
As if life couldn't get any weirder . Haha . 
BOMBS AWAY !!!!! 
The world is shifting and turning beneath my feet . Pretty sure I might fall in between the cracks . 
There should be an alarm clock that you can attach to your body somewhere and have it shock the shit out of you when it goes off . Thats exactly what I need . Lol 
Just purchased \Darkly Dreaming Dexter\ " by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . :D <3 " 
Finished watching the first season of The Adventures of < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > <3 Gotta love me some redheads . 
Oh-Gee Ography has come and got the best of me . 
Jump with the < PROPFEMALE > and move it . Jump back and forth , and feel like you would dare yourself to work it out . 
Why dive when you can cannon ball ? :) 
Apparently the whole world is in opposite mode . Good people get screwed over . The sluts and assholes always have what you want when they don't deserve it . And when someone doesn't want to be friends anymore , they delete you from facebook and ignore you instead of talking to you like a reasonable adult . Haha great . Cause this is what I need right now . 
Ready for beanie and beard weather ! But I only have essentials for one ! 
Deaf chords , dead ends\ 
Sling set can't meet their demands . \ 
Dumb whores , best friends\ 
Infinity guitars , go ' head . 
You take a heart , I can take out two . You take a heart , I can take out you . <3 
Why can't we just build giant bonfires where ever ? I just want a bonfire on the beach . :( 
Listening to the newest Interpol cd . They make me fall in love with them all over again . 
One month from today and I will be going to Bear Creek Music festival . <3 I'm waaaay too excited . 
How's it going to be ? \ 
When you don't know me anymore . \ 
And how's it going to be ? \ 
Want to get myself back in again \ 
The soft dive of oblivion . 
Feels like I'm off to distant lands ... 
Now that the truth is just a rule that you can bend . \ 
You crack the whip , shape-shift and trick the past again 
I really need to start whistling a different tune . 
Is in the search for a < PROPFEMALE > costume ! 
( 1/2 ) I had the sun in the palm of my hands , but then you took that away . You left me with the night sky , and knowing my luck there wasn't even any stars to 
( 2/2 ) show me the light . 
Does anyone listen to Pinback ? They are pretty relaxing . <3 
I just got done petting my cat for 20 minutes . She got up , and where her head would have been there was a drool spot . Lol I'm an awesome petter . :D 
When I drive at night I like to pretend my car is a spaceship . And the reflectors on the road are just bright stars to guide me through space . 
If the world's at large , why should I remain ? \ 
Walked away to another plan . \ 
Gonna find another place , maybe one I can stand . 
Why can't I get off early enough to watch The Walking Dead ? Or be balling enough to afford real cable and just \On Demand\ " the show ? :( " 
Hey homeless guy , since I gave you my last dollar till payday , could you do me a favor and not spend it on booze and drugs ? Thanks ! 
Distant stars come in black or red . I've seen their worlds inside my head . 
Hold on a second while I shake the dead out of me . 
Dont teach me a lesson , cause I've already learned . 
Longest day of my life . And by the end of it the only thing I can do is have music to drown out my head and sorrows , and a filthy house to clean . Awesome ... 
Just when your long night ends , you realize sleeping 3 hours doesnt mean that you're not going to have a long day . :( 
As if my day couldnt get worse , my service engine soon light came on as soon as i left gc . Fuck . 
9 days . 
All the things I should have done ... 
And just when you think the hole can't get any deeper ... 
Black bird singing in the dead of night . Take these broken wings and learn to fly . 
Laugh or cry . 
Going to bear creek music festival now ! 
Trip was awesome . Back to reality . 
Awesome ... I get to study 70 pages of biology notes ... So glad my professor is such a big help -_- not ... 
Got into a car accident on thanksgiving . Im fine but my passenger door is fucked . This just makes my thanksgiving more meaningful . Thankful to be alive . 
It's weird when things change , but you still feel the same . 
Come party !!! We have beers ! :D 
A mobile meth lab got busted on the street I live on . Oh < PROPFEMALE > ave ... how crazy can you get ? Lol 
One exam down , another one to go . Next semester is definitely going to be a little more difficult . 
Party party party party !!!! 
Getting funky with < PROPFIRST > McCartney ! :) <3 
So , I'm pretty sure I'm loosing my phone soon and not going to have one until tax return money comes in . Lol Wonderful . 
My stomach is killing me . : c someone want to rip it out for me ? 
Sadly I'm awake at such an early hour cause I'm still sick . Ugh . : c 
On my sick day I lay around and watch \Funny Farm\ " :) great movie . Thanks < PROPFIRST >!" 
Fake legal coke being sold at gas stations ? Whaaat ? Next thing you know , legal shrooms , acid , and meth ! Craziness . :) 
Did anyone realize cheech and < PROPFIRST > were on < PROPFEMALE > gully ? 
8am shouldn't even exist . 
I need to get out ! I need to have some fun on my weekend . :) 
Needs more hours in the day . 
\You don't have to say that you'd love to .... but baby please that you want to ... someday . \"" 
My last class for today ended 5 mins ago .... and I'm still in bed . Ugh :( lame day 
Lump lingered last in line for brains . And the ones she got are rotten and insane . She's lump , she's lump , she's lump . She might be dead . 
I felt the word begin to peel off all of my skin . And I felt the weight within . Reveal the bigger mess that you can't fix . 
Not sure if h&r block is the way to go or do them myself . :/ 
Thanks for all the advice for h&r block ! Went there and I'm getting $1200 . Now I just need to decide which tattoo to get lol 
Mc < PROPFIRST > tattoo , or Beatles love and peace referenced tattoo ? Hmm ... 
Need a normal that isn't this . 
Wanna leave but the world won't let me go . What it is and where it stops , no body knows . 
Traffic is crazy today . Ugh get me out of this car . >:( 
Just got my tax return . Does anyone know a good place where I can get my brakes done for cheap ? Or maybe some tinted Windows ? 
And of course only I would drop my cake . Lol Fml 
Looks like I have an important birthday party to attend . :) 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . :) I've had a really fun day ! 
Needs to figure out how to rise from my grave ... 
Never ending fail when it comes to me . Gah ! 
I'm trying to drink away the part of days that I can not sleep away . 
I love seeing \da cajun dawg\ " on the road . Makes me like myself a little more . :) " 
I think that bottle of vodka and me need to visit my favorite < PROPFEMALE > gazing spot out on the beach away from everyone . <3 
Always the past . Rarely the present . Never the future . 
Take these tangled out of my head . Release this iron weight from my flesh . Drift up in the clouds above . 
I just got an 80 on my anatomy test . Heck yeah ! :D 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Moore keep poking the shit out of me . :p 
If you're going to give me a hard time about the things I go through , or the way I look , talk , and act ..... the least you can do is remember my name . 
I need to gather a group of good people to accompany me to the beach Monday afternoon . :) anyone interested ? If not I guess that bottle of vodka is all mine . >:) 
Last few days sucked . So treating my self to an Arizona mango drink , and lennons sweet voice while I drive to work . Gotta stop hating myself . Find peace within . 
< PROPFIRST > Lennon is making sweet funk to my ears . <3 \ 
\ 
\Whatever gets you through the night ' salright 
Hey it maybe cold out but that just means bring blankets , beanies , and booze to the beach . :) 12:30 /1 behind sugar beach condominiums . Go . 
Beach . Canceled 
Car has been in the shop since Monday and Progressive still hasn't given the \ok\ " to start repairs ... they better hurry . >:| " 
Poisoned thoughts and feelings ruin people from the inside out . 
I have the best family ever . <3 
I don't want this vacation to end . :( going back to responsibility and Walmart is going to be hell . Ugh . 
I want an eclectic car . ;_; 
Can't please the world . But atleast I can smile at some of the things I do right . 
Does anyone know of a place hiring full time position on the beach ? Any place ??? :( 
Can I please has miniaturez lap giraffez ??? They are too cute > < 
AWAY CHOWDER HEAD ! TEMPT ME NOT !!! :D 
