hmm ... bored ... so i guess swimming is what i'll be doing 

going to < PROPFEMALE > out with the ss gang tonight . should be fun 
Had a BLAST with my friends !... too bad it quickly went away when drama was brought my way ... my great night has now been ruined . 
Home from a boring day at work . Tomorrow is just a repeat 
Had a lot of fun at the beach . But now sunburned ... 
text conversation- Me : \I'm tired\ " Person : \ " What does that mean ? Me : \ " It means I'm tired ...? \ " Person : \ " Oh\ " My thought : Wow .... really ?? " 
home from work . It was fun i guess XD . 
Go USA ! Makes me want to just jump into the tv , into the game , and play 
going to work . text me to make it less boring :) 
Everyday you learn something about somebody . A lot being shocking 
Today was a lot of fun XD 
Is feeling the workout from the gym the other day . Especially after not working out in forever 
home early from work 
Home early from work . Got a small back massage before I left from a lady because she wanted a hug , so I gave her one lol . So she gave me the back massage in return :) 
Well today has just gotten better and better ... :/ 
Work time . Yayy ... 
Wants to go to the gym 
is confused quite a bit . telling myself to figure it out ! 
Just blacked out ... haha wow 
< PROPMALE > Potter was AMAZING !! Can't wait for the next one 
finally figuring things out XD and -completely- happy with the decision I made . No matter how much I'm getting rudely talked to by a certain someone . Just doing what's best . He can get over himself :) 
Had a pretty good day today :) 
interesting day at work 
Just another day of work . what's tomorrow's plan ???... work 
has been a happy person lately XD 
home from work 
is home from work . Ya know , giving your number out to a complete stranger is pointless . Nothing will ever come to it . So people , stop giving me your number . Please and thank you . Haha :P 
had so much fun last night :) 
today sucked . work all day tomorrow . 9 hours at a grocery store . yay fun . 
shutting down the computer to get away from lame computer guys . text me :) 
home from school 
is home from work . It actually was pretty good . Free drink and < PROPFEMALE > always makes work great . Maybe I'll do some homework to get it done before the weekend . 
just finished all her homework . Finally ... only took all day 
\Give me your eyeballs so I can hold them in my hands . \ " Haha wow ... Nikki can be pretty strange sometimes ... well actually all the time " 
thinks tonight was a good one . Football team actually won * Gasp ! * , the band did good :) , and < PROPMALE > out with some great friends XD 
work time . yay for working u-scan for 8 hours . 
thinks my butt is severely bruised . those darn bleachers hurt after a while 
going running around the block :) yay ! 
home from work . stayed and talked to < PROPMALE > . Even got my phone stolen . but got it back thankfully . Much thanks to < PROPMALE > and that lady who got my phone back !!! 
Cop came up to work today . Had a paper with 6 different suspects on it . He made me choose who i thought took my phone and the guy i chose was the guy they had :) . They got that guy in jail XD . The guy also had warrants for two other cities hahahahaaha . Worked 10 hours today . 
is home from work . CRAZY BUSY !! Short-handed and super busy is not a good mix at all . I worked u-scan the whole time . So 4 lanes of people asking for help at once is irritating . 
Got to eat Chinese on my break at work today :) . We all felt like ordering something so a lot of us ordered us some Chinese . And boy was it good . It was a lot to eat though . So didn't eat it all ... 
well today was the most boring day at work ever . ugh 5 minutes felt like an hour ... 
Finally home from work . Start a new class tomorrow ... Just poured me a full glass of juice and it's super disgusting . I thought it was something else :( 
Closing the store tonight . This should be interesting . 
home . eat . go to work 
Whose Line Is It Anyway guest starring < PROPFIRST > Simmons = HILARIOUS !!! 
made a 102 on my math test Wednesday XD ! Woohoo ! Saw a puppy that was SOOO cute that i want SO bad . Wish the adoption didn't require a fence to have . I will find a way to get that puppy 
got stuck in a group in psychology with three other guys who don't like to do work or anything . Hopefully they do a -little- something . 
the guys pulled it together and did a decent job on the presentation :) . Well , we saved the trouble for one guy and he just said the title . That was a good idea . 
work was ... interesting . Tomorrow night should be lots of fun XD 
Went to see Paranormal Activity instead of going to Nightmare on the Bayou . That movie is SUPER SCARY !! I got tears in my eyes , I was so scared . I heard N.O.T.B. wasn't even worth it anyway lol . 
went to the movies after work tonight with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . had fun ! :) . Got twinkies after XD ... yum yum yumm 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and had so much fun :) 
adopted a puppy today ! He's so cute and he's all mine !! 
Work called and left a message asking if i could come in early . I don't think I will . I did yesterday . Don't want to today .. 
Sooo ... my cute little puppy chewed up my laptop battery charger chord last night :( . 
is happy :) 
likes how things are going :) 
tonight was fun with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Got < PROPFIRST > good :) ... again lol . There's never a time I don't have fun with them . 
Looking forward to a fun night ahead :D 
had a fun night :) 
had an awesome night tonight :D 
Work was boring . But ... really liked getting a visit from somebody :) 
Finally home . Walked outside of work to find that my car was an icecube . Literally ... It was all sparkly lol . And couldn't even roll down my window cause it was frozen shut haha . 
Had an awesome birthday last night :) 
Finally got my laptop back :D yay ! 
started cleaning and now i can't stop ... 
accomplished quite a few things today ... except the biggest thing needed to be accomplished . i'll try again tomorrow hopefully 
great night ... :) 
Expecting this new year to be filled with lots more achievements and excitement .. wayy more than the old year ! :) 
home from the gym :) . Is it bad to say I hope i get sore ? If I do , then I know I had a good workout lol 
interesting day at work . a customer bought me a dozen roses 
hates having to do three essays in one night for a test the next day , in addition to the 75 multiple choice questions 
hopes tomorrow will be significantly better . The complete opposite of today . Have a headache ... have to get up early for work ... yayy ... 
cut my finger nail reallllyyy really bad last night . almost no more nail :'( . pretty much hurts lol 
Why is work so boring ?!?! How does being bored make me hyper ?? Well that's pretty much how it was at work lol . 
determined to get the car . i can do it :) 
glad i left work with people laughing at me . why do i have to be so ticklish ?? 
So much for going and playing a little soccer later ... ugh rain .. 
So bored !... 
Work was goin pretty good until the end . complete downfall ... oh well i guess 
... the fish that smiles back ... goldfish ! :) yummy 
bad day turned worse = extremely bad day :( 
Going to be a lonngggg day todayy ... 
Haven't worked in forever , and the day i have to work again , i don't want to go ... sighh 
Home from work . Nobody home :( . What to do ?? Bored .. 
Can dogs lose their voice from too much barking ?? Well , I doubt it . Wish my dog would though ... He barks wayyy too much at nothing for 20 minutes straight . Not very peaceful . 
Completely bored with nothing to do . Fanntassticcc 
\Lets flip a coin ! Heads you're mine . Tails I'm yours ! \ " :) " 
-SO- glad to be home from work ! Got in trouble nonstop the whole 8 hours i was there ... even the customers were being really rude . I wasn't even doing anything wrong ... ughh !! 
What a day it has been ... 
:D 
Overall , today was a pretty good day ;) 
today just needs to be done already ... 
\Whose Line Is It Anyway\ " always makes everything better :) " 
I so did not put all those on here ...!! 
had a funnn night with < PROPFEMALE > ! Always crazzyy fun when we're together ha 
\Are you sure this water's sanitaryy ?? It looks questionable to mee . \ " - Tarzan\ 
I just cannot get myself to get this artwork done ... my mind is just refusing to try and get it done ... 
smiley :) 
Pulled an all nighter working on my final project in < PROPMALE > . Didn't go to bed until 5:30 this morning and got up for my 8 o ' clock class . Don't know what energy is keeping me up . Need some cause i have work 2-10 ... then another all nighter writing 3 essays . Joy ... 
Finally got my chinese food I've been craving ... :) 
Rain , you have stayed past your welcome . It is time for you to leave .... it's time for sun to come 
Home . Now gotta get up for the same place i just left at 6 a.m. 
Absolutely can't wait until i can get a new phone ! This one is making me angry 
UGH !! no phone ... it died and won't turn back on ...! 
UPS ... FedX ... whoever is delivering my phone , needs to put the pedal to the metal and get here now 
In a good mood :D 
had a fun night hangin out and catchin up with some awesome friends :) 
is now an official floor supervisor ... next thursday is my first day supervising by myself . they say i'll do great ... i'm scared lol 
HAHA < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > just fell on his butt on Whose Line Is It Anyway ! Haha 
In Colorado . Leave for South < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow morning ... 
Back in Colorado from South < PROPFEMALE > . It was beautiful there . Saw Mt . Rushmore , Crazy Horse mountain , stood on Wounded Knee hill , and more .. 
Home from Colorado 
A lady tipped over bbq ribs to scan . calls me to clean it . I see theres bbq all over scanner & floor . im cleanin HER mess . she got impatient . says she wants to move reg . gets mad im not done . scanned the rest&finish cleanin . She calls again sayin it wont let her pay . said hit pay now . says she paid . I say no , hit the button . she denies . said I know , hit the button ! finally walk over , hit the button i told her to push 
Eventful day i guess . Crazy day at work ... person quit in the middle of checking somebody out , who was also my only checker at the time , and was also backed up .... then went to see my best friend in the hospital , then swimming , then up to work again to talk ha .. 
>:[ 
Just got home . Had a funnn nighttt :) 
GO USA !! BEAT NIGERIA !! WAY TO GO < PROPMALE > !!!! MOVINNN ON UP ! :D 
How is it that i can be so tired , yet still can't go to sleep ??... 
Just doesn't make sense to me how people can support and do so much for others , but don't get the same in return 
Funnn nightttt last night . Got home reaaallyyy late . Then it wasn't so great ... buttt , still had lots of fun anyway . Interesting ha ... 
Fianlly got a new phone !! :D The other one finally went through its last life ... 
i'm about to have a rain party if i continue to be bored and it keeps raining like it is ... 
Didn't even go to sleep last night and had to be at work at 6 a . m ... yayy 
Pulled an all nighter again . This time I didn't go to sleep until 8 this morning . No more venti frappuccinos for me ... 
ughhhhh ... 
falling ... 
Can't wait to get off work . Blahhh !!!! 
Wishes 1 a.m. was sooner than it actually is ... 
Favorite demo lady is here at work :) 
\What you thought\ " ... lol ha :P " 
Tonight went from great and fun to completely horrible ... 
Can't do this .. why is it so easy for him ??.. 
Realized I lost some weight .. had to move my belt from the 4th notch to the 5th .. 
Love and Basketball ? . Good movie :) 
work all day :/ ... so nothing fun happening today ... 
Wants to start working out again ... 
People make it so hard for me to keep being nice ... 
I just love my car . Its the best . It never breaks down ... * sarcasm * 
I'm going crazy with all of these papers I am having to write !!! 
what a day ... been out all day . Got a good workout in , did a little shoppin , and saw an awesome movie . ending the day with a good note :) 
Can't believe how picky my english teacher is ! Nothing we do seems to please her . 
Me on the inside , and me on the outside are experiencing two different mind sets 
Work is going by soooo slowww .. but at least I'm off in an hour . Can't go have fun and play pool after cause of stupid early class .. sighhh lol 
Mmmmm ... Oreos :) 
I'm gonna invent a computer that i can just tell what my assignment is , what my papers are over , and it just write them for me . That sounds like a very good idea to me . 
Some teachers have no business in teaching a class 
Tonight sucked majorly !! You don't even know ! I'm SO mad !! 
Kristen : \Hey 
Work was hilarious tonight ! Lol ha :P 
Somehow got into watching the basketball game instead of doing homework 
A new car is rrreeaallllyyyy lookin like a good idea at this point . 
Work was SO much fun tonight !!! I can't even tell you how many balloon animals i made ! Thanks to this 7 year old girl who taught me how to make them haha :D . I was laughin all night long :) 
Home from work .. pretty much sucked big time ... people realllyyy irritate me sometimes . Some more than others ... 
SO SORE !! 
Truth is , some people never take that maturity path .. 
Short shifts are great when it is so busy at work .. not so great to come home and have to write 2 papers .. yayyyy what fun 
Cotton < PROPFEMALE > ice cream = yummm :D 
Tonight was -ridiculous- at work ! The new csm left me with nobody . My last sacker left at 7:45 . It was SO busy . After I audited all the registers -past- the time i was supposed to get off , I had to bring one back out . I had to stay and do 3 hours worth of returns by myself pretty much . Then helped clear lot . Plus someone walking out and quitting while i was doing that . Sighh .. i just love my job so much 
Looks like I'll be finishing up this semester with just 3 classes instead of 4 . English class sucks . Can't do 6 papers in only a couple days ... ugh this sucks ... 
Today must be my lucky day ! Got the weekend to try and finish my english research paper project that was supposed to be due today but the teacher thought it was due Tuesday , AND I'm finally up to $ 4,510 saved up !! Whoop whoop yeaaaa ! :D 
Finally ! I'm done with my english project . Now , only if my stupid printer would work right , I could print the thousands of papers I need to print out . \ 
Sighh .. just have to think , only a couple weeks left and it's all over ... 
Really , REALLY do not like cold weather at all ! 
Mmm mmmm , oreo ice cream cake :D 
While everyone is watching the football game , what am i doing ?? Writing english papers ... yayy what fun .. i can kinda hear the game in the other room , but have no idea what's going on . and from my borther's reactions , it seems interesting .. 
Can't just sit around and deal with it anymore . It's gone wayyy too far . I can't believe I held up with it this long . Just never want to go back . As much as I respect and be nice , it's useless . 
Really , REALLY don't want to go to work .. will not be a good day . I can already tell just by knowing what is to come . 
Had a good day and good night . Very much needed . Hangin out with great friends all night gave me a break from reality for a while :) 
< PROPFEMALE > was here yaaaayyy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol 
Note : Never get two philly cheese foot longs and two orders of fries for yourself unless you're really hungry . SO FULL !! Wasn't really hungry and ate all except half of the second philly cheese ... woww 
Trying to figure out people is like a super hard mathematical problem that takes too many pages messily filled front and back , all over , from trying to solve . 
Today was fun all day ! :) . Shopped , danced my way into buying shoes :P hahaha HILARIOUS !.., then to play pool ! Funnnn dayy ! :) 
I'm liking this fitness class I have :) !! 
Really feelin the workout in fitness class yesterday .. i feel so old , barely able to move without pain lol . it's obvious i haven't worked out in a while lol 
\Doesn't that open up a can of worms ?! \ " .. a phrase my government teacher said wayyy too many times during class . " 
Okay , so now that I'm in the right fitness class , i think it's boring . I wanna go back to the other one , where it's just all working out . 
Online math sucks ! Just not doin the rest sounds like a good idea to me 
So my csm made me soooo mad tonight . Well , he always does , but tonight he really did . And he knew very well how angry i was . I let him know 
Not likin this wind and cold at all ! Almost got blown away every time going to my car . Even my car almost got swept away !! Haha . 
Gonna be staying in La Marque tonight :) 
It's peanut butta jelly timeee ! Peanut butta jelly timee ! Do the peanut butta jelly , peanut butta jelly , peanut butta jelly with a baseball cap ! Do the peanut butta jelly , peanut butta jelly , peanut butta jelly with a footballl cap ! ( really fast) ! lol haha :P 
Got layers of clothes on , huge jacket on , and under blankets .. something is definitely wrong with that ! 
\Never again will i jeopardize . That's a promise that I'll memorize . Real love never dies . \"" 
Dang , cope were out tonight ... seen like 4 on the way home ... they're looking for me ! Always are .. haha 
Heck yea ! That's right packers ! :) 
Ughh .. dropped my phone going to class this morning .. now the corner part of the screen is cracked .. fantastic .. 
Okay , so my washing machine can't decide if it wants to wash my clothes or not .. it keeps stopping . i would prefer them to be washed .. sighhhh 
Those things you just wish and hope for ... so uncontrollably mind consuming and frustrating to not be able to predict .. 
Who knew I'd ever , in my college career , be staying up late to write up a \required\ " cheat sheet for a test .... " 
Sooo tiredddd ... 45 hours of work this week is puttin up a fight ... just gotta keep thinkin bout the big check I'll be gettin 
Well how stupid is that .. who made the rule that you can't get in the gym without a COM ID .. now gotta go back home to get it just to sit in a classroom for 1 hr 
Share these delicious cookies and creme chocolate cupcakes with my brother ??.. mmm don't think so :P 
Got skype ? I do ! Well already had skype , just forgot i had it hahahaha :P 
Wow really ?! This Stupid girl barely missed hitting my car real bad changing lanes . Barelyyy clipped the back of my car . Someone needs to retake driving school 
Just got home . Went and played pool after work :) . Had lots of funnnn ! :) 
Wow , people have gone crAzy today ! haha 
Ugh , so much for goin to class ... can't wait to buy a new car ! 
Tonight wasn't bad at work .. though someone had to ruin it on the way home .. gonna go play pool and have fun and forget about it 
Wants to go to the Aquarium and eat their amazing cheesecake ha :) . Who wants to take me ?? lol haha 
Thought it was hilarious earlier today .. leaving the kroger parking lot after getting my check , i was waiting for the car in front of me to move . while waiting , i saw this guy loading stuff into the bed of a work truck . when he closed it , the right tail light completely fell off . i was laughing in my car watching him try and put it back on and lookin at his coworker hoping he doesn't notice . tooo funnyyyy 
I love how I'm outside and my parents walk out and freak out sayin i have somethin on my leg , then laugh at me for spazzin out . Then to realize it was all just a joke they played .. lol sighhh 
Tonight was interesting ... 
Fun night playin pool after work .. crazy people lol ha :) 
Ugh .. stomach is killing me . Make it go away !! 
Mannnn ! 3 cops showed up next door with guns pulled out and my neighbor with his hands up 
Wants to see that movie Rango .. if it's any good .. 
So very bored .. better not be this bored at all this whole week 
gonna treat myself to a little shoppin , then i dunno what ... i think i can say i deserve it :) lol 
After goin to sleep at 8 am and waking up at 12 ... i don't know how i'm still awake haha 
Ugh no checks ?! I needed it :/ . Better come later 
So , it would be great if people weren't so irritating 
Sweets + music = not the best idea for me this late haha 
Yayyy for short shifts at work ! :D 
It's irritating knowing the fact that there's those people who will just never change even though they know what they do is wrong . 
Poool !!! Fun funnn ! :) 
Was supposed to write all these papers and read all these chapters over spring break .. did i do any of it ??... nope . Do i plan on doin it .. mmm nope . 
Today turned out to be a good day :) . No work today , yummy dinerrrr , and a good movie on tv to watch ... can't complain :) 
Look at me now :) 
Nothin like listenin to music ... can't ever go wrong ? 
Tiredddd and confuseddd . Stayed up too late and having super boring classes in the morning .. boring classes and teacher + really sleepy = not a good mix 
Ughhh tonight was just not my night . And it actually wasn't really because of work .. never trust and believe a liar until they truly and really prove they changed . don't get your hopes up though .. most won't change 
New vision . Setting out . PEACE !!! 
Home . Fun night lol .. apparently i'm goin to < PROPFIRST>'s when my birthday comes and getting covered in whip cream , hot fudge and alll these ice cream sundae toppings and dancing on the tables lol ahaha .. yea good luck with that lol .. crazyyyy peopleee ! 
Wow JJ ! Somebody is on a wall post liking attack lol ha ... here's one more to add to all the others lol ha 
Work went by sooooooo slowwwwwwwww !! I had a feeling it would , and yupppp , i was right . Glad to be off :D 
So didn't go to first class . Went to second class and we had a sub . He waits til everyone got there and seated sayin our teacher left us a note . He writes on the board sayin \class has been cancelled\ " ... really ?? couldn't leave a note on the door ? At least he kinda made it humorous lol " 
Happy birthdayyy to my cuz < PROPMALE > !! :) Hope it's great and have fun cuzzz !! :D 
Ugh , missed dinner earlier cause i came home and crashed :/ . Now I'm starving and everything has already been put in the fridge .. guess I'll have to reheat .. blahh 
Sometimes it's just best not to care . Caring and not getting anything in return gets old .. and i'm all up for only new 
Noooo !! it's time for work .. ugh ! People need to keep me company so I won't go crazy from customers and boredom 
Needs a bigger variety of snacks to snack on ... need to have lots of choices to choose from lol ha 
Literature class is making me go crazy ! 
Soooooooo gladddd to be home from workkk ! Thank god I'm off tomorrow . Feels like it's been foreverrr since I've been off ! 
Omg ! It's so embarrasing when you send a text to the wrong person ! Especially when it's something they don't need to hear ! lol .. yea that just happened to me .. :/ 
Monica : \I just wanted to get in his man panties ... \ " HAHAHAHA ! " 
Sooooo ... who wants to go to my class for me in the morningggg ??? I sure don't wanna . Plus it might be better if someone else went for me anyway . Somebody else might actually understand what the teacher is talkin bout . Cause i don't .. any takers ?? lol 
Shake it shake it to the < PROPFEMALE > . Show em show em how ya roll . Drop it drop it drop it low .... \ 
So boreddd .. 
Pool was fun . Now watchin Stomp the Yard 2 :) 
Work just wants me to move here and go insane ... 2 more weeks could come any faster , please .. 
Feels like getting away again . And i know the perfect place :) .. maybe soon i will go :) 
Wants to go to the gymmm ... needs to make time to go 
Ughhh :( . I wish this dizziness would go away already ! 
