I am falling for my ex again ... this sucks . Oh well ... I GET TO SEE HIM 4 OF JULY YAY !! 

DUUUDDDEE .... lol I dont know why I did that . I guess I get it from my Brother(s ) lol . Being bored ... did you know emo boyz give the BEST hugs and KISSES ever ? Lol I DID !!! 
Chillin at home lol no parents !! :) 
is soooooo extremly tired . Parents got back from the lake and i figured out they might buy a condo down there so that when we go down I wont have to go out on the boat . I can have my own room and a indoor pool . GET TO GO SEE SEANY(BROTHER ) TOMORROW !! IM S 
is a little worried about a friend . Oh well ... GOING TO SEE MY BUBBA GRADUATE BASIC TRAINING !!! YAY <3 
Just got into the hotel . im so relieved im not in that freakin car anymore . 14 hours is the worst . 
Just got back home from Goergia ! That was the lamest most boring 14 hour road trip EVER ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > !!! LOVE YOU !!! going to the park tonight for the greenwood days so , if you are going , see you there !!! 
is having the best ... well one of the best days of my life ! I LOVE YOU ALL !!! 
I'm stunned . Wow .. that was so unexpeted . Anyways , having fun ! I was taking a shower this morning and Draike(my baby boi ) jumped in with me . Talk funny ! He is just a dog ! Literatly ... 
he's got somethin special , he's got somethin special , and when he's looking at me I wanna get all sentimental , he's got somethin special , he's got somethin special , and I can hardly breathe somethin's tellin me tellin me that he could be the one . Ha , I d 
Is so tired I feel like I am high ... not that I know what High feels like lol . < PROPFIRST > and I went for a mid-night swim and we didnt have any bathing suits so ... we went in our bra and Underwear ... kinda creepy . lol OH WELL 
So confused ... and in pain ... a lot of pain . 
Ok , im sitting here , eating waffles and my moms like \wanna go to the lake today ? \ " and im like \ " no ! \ " and then she bribes me . is that even legal ? " 
Watching T.v and playing with my puppy . I am so tired and Idk why . haha my mom is still bribing me . I guess I should just give in . LoL 
Liqued soap ... on the babies face . HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !! Ask < PROPFIRST > . Did you text jesus yet ? HAHAHAHA ASK < PROPFIRST > 
Stop being a freakin Kackajew lol ASK < PROPFIRST > not this crazy mofo . < PROPFIRST > is trying to get me to spell cuss words here but its not working very well lol . Hanging out with OJO , lol . We will post a video on here later so watch and comment ?! No wait , thats a 
Sitting at home , missing him so much . Wish it was Sunday already , that way I could talk to him . Well , going camping with Ojo Friday . 12 or 14 mile canoo trip . We are going to top that thing so many times , I just know it . 
People are always getting on me about having 54 friends on here . I know I have a lot more friends on here , but so what ? I dont feel like finding everyone I know just because I know them . If they want to be friends with me , Ok . But im not going to waste my 
I see him with another girl ... and I'm going to let go . Well , at least he's happy :) then ... ( metephorically speaking ) Im happy 
I throw all of your stuff away , then I clear you out of my head , I tear you out of my hear and ignore all your messages . I tell everyone we are through , cause I'm so much better without you . But it's just another pretty lie cause I break down everytime yo 
Justnnnnnnn is being creepy ... well I guess thats himself . being bored and missing my other brother from another mother ... ok not really but I miss Seany ! HE CALLED !!! YAYAYAYAYAY !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Is My PrEtTy RaVe GiRl 
Sitting at home doing nothing ... really bored . I'm so bored that I decided to do cart wheels which wasnt a good thing to do considering I just got home from camping . talk about No Bueano 
IS SOOOOO EXCITED !!! Well ... shouldnt be but I cant help it !!! Even though its not deffinet ... I MIGHT be able to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > this weekend ! SO HAPPPY :) I mean ... ah screw it ... I'M SOOOO HAPPY !!!! 
Who else is on silver team ? 1 hr : Math Lab 8 ( SUCK AT MATH :( ) 2 hr : < PROPFEMALE > Arts 8 . 3 hr : P.E 8/ SLS . 4 hr : Early American History . 5 hr : Integrated Science 8 . 6 hr : Pre-Algebra . 7 hr : Personal Skills . I HAVE FIFTH HOUR LUNCH :( THAT FREAKIN SUCKS !!!! Lucky I can eat a healthy snack in science though :) 
Ow ... I just cut myself 5 times ... it hurts :( not it that bad way !!! I mean from shaving . well four 3 out of the 5 were from shaving , the others were from a knife I was trying to put away ... i am so clutzy :s OH WELL :) Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > this weekend :) SOOO EXCITED ! 
I'm so excited right now . By the way , if your excited and want to calm down ... DONT EAT 4 POPSICLES !!! Thats all I got to say . 
is extreamly tired . I passed out last night at 10:40 and woke up at 6:10 to take Draike out . Then went back to sleep . Had a great time at the movies ... probably one of my favorite movies in the world . 
I feel different today ... but in a good way :) VERY good way . Look up tonight by FM Static . Its a good song . Not my type of music but I like it . Thats just me though . 
I cant believe you . But whatever . I dont want any part of you . Go be with the better person . What ever makes you happy is fine with me . Not even sarcasm . No matter what though ... I will always love you . Goodbye ... 
Ritengo che Male di < PROPFEMALE > vog < PROPFEMALE > ate perdonarme < PROPFEMALE > tipi voi entrambi è gente grande spiacente per rendere tutto così difficile . Ti amo entrambi anche se non < PROPFEMALE > conosco Mikily , spero che possiamo essere amici grandi . ( I feel < PROPFEMALE > bad ... please forgive me you guys ... You both are great people ... sorry for making everything so difficult . I love you both ... even if I don't know you Mikily , I hope we can be great friends . ) 
So glad we can be friends . It would suck if we weren't able to be . LIKE SERIOUSLY !!! >_> 
-Do you ever think , when you're all alone , all that we could be , where this thing could go , am I crazy or fallin in love , or is it really just another crush , do you catch your breath when I look at you , are you holdin back like the way you do ? - love that song .. kind of how im feeling right now . 
Didnt get much sleep last night ... I can't help but think that all this was my fault , and if it was ... which it was ... i'm going to fix it like I always do . Texting ... lol who wakes up to one of their best friends calling them at 7:50 asking if I want to come outside and eat doughnuts with them ? I LOVE DOUGHNUTS !! :) 
Jeez you're so over protective ... Oh well I guess . Lets not talk about it anymore , please ? 
Ti Amo ... NOT . hahaa . I got a hair cut , and really ... im < PROPFEMALE > pissed off right now that I could care less what anybody says to me but really ... All I want is to see my best friend again . 
I'm pretty much screwed so ... yeah . well this isnt going to be a fun ride . At least I got myself ... oh wait , that little shread of dignity was lost a long time ago so here I am ... alone again . Huh ... 
I feel like I'm going to throw up all over . Thats how scared , upset , angry , sad I am ... and its all my fault too . IM the one actiing like the immature baby . Im like a mother who cant let go of her son ... Im pathectic ... and quiet frankly ... im NOT okay with that . 
-I wish you were here with me tonight . Tonight I've fallen and I cant get up , I need your loving hands to come and pick me up , and every night I miss you I can just look up and know the stars are holding you , holding you , holding you ... tonight ... 
Morgan ... you know what to do , so do whats right . If you dont , Ill still love you no matter what and I'll stand behind you the whole time . 
Did I ever mention how much drama sucks . Yeah , Its not my favorite thing in the world .. never has been . I'm so tired :s . I feel like passing out right here on my desk . I guess I should go to bed and get some sleep . </3 
Just got up about 20 minutes ago . Pssh ... Im really going to die Tuesday . 5:30 IN THE MORNING TO WAKE UP !!! I never got use to it last year , I'm deffinetly not going to get use to it this year ... 
:s I miss him a lot ... he said he couldn't make it a week ... and I told him I couldnt make it a day ... and look , I can't . Listening to Right now . 
-When tears come down , like fallin rain , you'll toss around and call my name ! You're gonna walk the floor , the very way I do , your cheating heart ... is gonna tell on you ! - >:) thats an oldie ... but i dont care , i like it . It describs how I feel too . 
Up late , being bored except ... HANGING WITH MY HOMIE < PROPFEMALE > !!! didnt go school shopping :( TOMORROW I DYE MY HAIR , OHHHH YEA ! 
Ugh ... dyed my hair dark red ... I guess its okay . Lol < PROPFEMALE > says i look like im a vampire lol im so < PROPFEMALE > because I cant go out into the sun for long periods of time ... its really gay actually . My stomach is killing me ... ugh . Well Im tired and I really dont want to go to school in the morning , I mean Im excited but yeah ... IM STILL IN MY PJS ! Ha ! I wanted to spend the last day of summer in my pj's :) 
Tonight I've fallen and I cant get up I need your loving hands to come and pick me up and every night I miss you I can just look up and know the stares are holdin you , holdin you , holdin you ... Tonight 
-Yawns- Jez ... woke up at 5 . SO not use to that but I'm gonna have to get use to it real quick . Bored and is acutally a bit excited to go back to school to see all my friends . Just seeing people will be fun . I can believe they moved homeroom to the end of the day ... they have serious issues if you ask me . 
Ha , my mom gave me these big ear rings and they're hoops so now I feel like im in the freakin 70's so ... yeah :p 
I wanna go back to sleep O_O . Ha I would throw a tantram to go back to sleep if I could . but I cant ... so blah :p 
is tired . I dont want to get up tomorrow and go to school . Actually I want to sleep the day away 
Meh ... HA HA ! Yeah thats right ! I totally stole your word !! HA . HA ! Aw ... its not fun anymore . :(( Well Im deciding that I should starve myself tomorrows so I wont be in pain . Unless I can get my normal lunch , a slushie . YUM ! 
Im tired ... I have no phone because the button that directs the phone thingy to go downward broke so if its not completely useable then I'm not using it . Its a pet peve . 
I am a very lonely person right now . please dont ask why , I dont want to talk about it . I miss him lots and I dont think I can live without him . Hes always been there for me since day 1 . 
I am so tired . Im glad this weekend is longer than normal ... but not by much !! Getting braces on Thursday ! If I cant even take Spacers then I bet I cant take Braces . But they say its less painfull ... HOPEFULLY ! 
grr ... Im really turning 14 not 18 lol . I really have no idea how that got onto my < PROPFEMALE > . lol oops . GOT A NEW PHONE :) YAYAYAY !!! <3 
Although we do not live far away , although I have a couple of things I want to say , Although I cannot talk to you , I wish you'd only knew , That I DO ... Love you . :) I just came up with that 
is so relieved that my mom finally told me yes ! Got braces today :( only the top though . Blue purple and light blue green :) they hurt though . GOING TO THE WEST THINGY TONIGHT !!! 
grrrrrrrr . stupid life ! AH ! It always ends bad , doesnt it ? I mean relationships . well not always , but some for stupid reasons . thats just me though . 
My mouth is killing my ... mouth . HA ! that made no sense whats so ever but thats ok . Im just good like that ... at making no sense ... which doesnt make sense either . IM CONFIZZLED ! ha fun word . 
I am so tired . I dont feel very good either . May have a fever . Im not willing to check though . 
Is still up ? Wow ... ha Im still sick though . Thats what I get when I have a disease . Anyways , Ive got a question ... Blue or Pink ? In my opinion , BLUE but thats just me . 
YAY SCHOOL !! Ha JUST KIDDING ! What I meant to say was ... YAY FRIIIIIIDDAAAY !!! 
Tired . But I'm okay . Waiting up for @ < PROPFEMALE > . Grr ... I'd be in bed by now but oh well . Tired and listening to music . Not a very good mix . 
Owie ... I burnt myself with a noodle ... I know what you're thinking so dont say it . Yeah ... only me . (: 
6 weeks and 2 days until < PROPFIRST > comes home !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Would anyone be mad at me if I ... supposedly got a hair cut much different from the one I ... um have now ? 
Halloween movies are scary ... BUT I LAUGH IN THE FACE OF DANGER MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!! -pst- that wasnt creepy at all ..? 
A little upset ... oh well . I can deal with it . Listening to music that rocks my socks off ! Ha wow ... im so out of it right now . :p Warning of the day : DONT MIX POP ROCKS AND SKITTLES !! 
Im so tired ..! I wish I was outta school for like ... a 7 day weekend ! Ha ! My pup is chasing his tail and even though he has it in his mouth , hes still chasing it ! ... I think he gets it from me . 
When life gives you the < PROPMALE > to be with the guy you've had a crush on for years , months , weeks , or days , then take it . If you dont , you never know what could have been . It will haunt you for the rest of your life . :'( 
Happy Thanksgiving :) One thing I am grateful for this year is that I get to spend Thanksgiving with my WHOLE family , Mom and Dad , Justing , < PROPFIRST > , and Me :) 
Really bored right now , lol . Hm , have you ever tried to make something rhyme and have all these words that werent real words ? ha , I do that all the time . 
Watching my mom bake the BEST sugar cookies in the world ! yummy !!!! 
Watching over my Mom . She don't feel real well today . 
I've made up my mind ... Im gonna go ! I dont like dresses , but Ill wear one anyways ! Ill try to look beautiful ! 
is going to the dance ... im going to try and look at least pretty :) 
Sitting at home taking care of Sean :( He gots a fever :P 
Sitting at the counter playing on Facebook watchin Seany play MyCafe and let me tell you ... there's nothing more embarassing then having your brother post something on his facebook about you saying something about your animal on petville scratching its butt . 
Is bored out of my mind . I really have no idea what to do . I dont feel like texting . I dont feel like thinking and ... it seems to much like work to get up from the computer and go to bed ... guess im spending the night on my desk ;) 
Bored and pissed cause we arent opening presents until after breakfest instead of 2:00 AM . FML . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Do you all have something your grateful for ? 
just got done working out .. an man ... IT WAS HILARIOUSLY FUN ! 
Happy Birthday daddy ! I love you ! and remember ... your wii fit said you were 35 and not 41 !!! 
Nerf gun is to my brother as to Nerf bullet is to my forehead :P The Army taught him well ... young grasshoppa . 
Only I would trip twice then wonder why ... when both legs were in the same pants hole . 
Bored . thats all there is to say . Actually , I was < PROPFEMALE > bored that I beat CoD : Modern Warfare 2 
If you could give me a pill that could make me do that , i would buy it 
Im am soooooo tired . Third day back to school and already I want it to be break again . :p 
Instead of singing , \Follow the yellow brick rode\ " you could be saying \ " Act sick and run away from the big yellow bus coming your way ! \ " lol I wish . " 
I am bored . Sitting her with my friend typing with her . Lol ... so much fun . Hello Captain Obvious , my name is Lt . Sarcasm 
ugh ... what am I going to do ..? I have no idea what to say or do . Maybe I should just give up an Let It Die . 
:'( I dont like whats going on . I really really dont . 
WE < PROPMALE > DID :) Put that together ! Lol my daddies funny 
Hanging with my friends < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) SO COOL ! 
bored :P Tired :P Probably going to fall alseep in Social Studies . 
Watchin the State of The Union Address . I think I could score some extra credits in Social Studies . What a nerd I am . 
Bored :P I dont feel very well . I havent felt well all day . Gonna go curl up and watch t.v. I got nothin better to do 
In science doing a stupid project . 
I see your face in my mind as I drive away . None of us thought it would end that way . Cause people are people and sometimes they change our minds . But its killing me to see you go after all this time ... And I cant , breathe without you but I have too , Breathe without you but I have too . ( Love that song ) 
Bored sitting at home with JUSSSSSSSSSSSTNNNNNNNNNNNNNN :) lol 
Bored ... urg ... hmm ... something clever to say is ... \Why so serious ? \ " :) Lol " 
I am so bored :P Lol What to do ... PARTY !!!!!!!!!! 
Got my hair cut today :) I dont know ' bout you , but I look pretty cute . 
They say that we'll never be accounted for in life , but truely ... everything we'll ever do will account towards something in life . 
How in the heck can I be cold and be sweating ??? Beats me . 
\You're a great friend but if the zombies come and are chasing us ... im tripping you first . \ " \ " Procrastantors UNITE ...... Tomorrow . \ " \ " It OK I dont bite . . . wait thats a lie . \ " \ " What do YOU mean I have ADD ? Oh hey LOOK !!! A butterfly !!! \ " \ " I didnt say it was YOUR fault ... I just said I was going to BLAME you . \ " lol some funny quotes . " 
ugh ... Who knew that love would suck so bad ... but be as sweet as the first time he smiles at you ? 
This sucks ... got home at 8:30 to only get done with my boating packet now and I STILL have social studies ... sooooo tired ... 
Heheh ... wanna know how you freak out Mr. Haase ? Tell him hes beautiful .. I would know ;) 
If the zombies come after us , Im tripping you first :) 
\The best quality about you is the way you can forgive people like its nothing . \ " Do you honestly know how many times ive been told that ?? " 
Brace face ...? I welcome that name because when the day comes of these bad boys comin off , your gonna wish you'd never said those things . 
Yeah , I may be ugly and I may be fat , but theres one thing YOU cant fix ... you cant fix stupid . XD ha , thats what my dad tells me to tell people who call me those things and boy does it cheer me up . 
When I was little , there were times I thought that you were my only friend . Id get mad . Then you moved away . Now , Im lonlier then ever and I could use my one friend back . 
You look back at when you were little , when you were daddies girl . When you didnt have to make hard choices , when you could wear a sundress and not get started down , but instead smiled upon . When boys still had cooties and girls still swang on the swings . Yeah ... those were the days . 
Dont you just hate that feeling when your perfectly warm then you get one < PROPFEMALE > little shiver and then your freezing ?? I do !! 
Have you ever noticed that when your looking up at the < PROPFEMALE > s and a shooting < PROPFEMALE > crosses the night sky , that you werent really looking for a shooting < PROPFEMALE > . But when you try and find one , you cant ? Pisses me off .. 
Shawty's like a < PROPFEMALE > in my head that I cant keep out . Got me singin like , na na na na everyday . Its like my ipods stuck on replay :) 
I cannot believe I just ran into an OPENED door . What is WRONG with me ?!?!? :P I feel so stupid 
I cant believe I ever doubted you , That I ever pushed you away when I needed you the most . I also cant believe ... that god matched me up with someone as amazing as you :) 
lol my friend pointed something out . The song Ima < PROPFEMALE > by the Black Eyed Peas kinda sounds like , \Applebees Applebees ' Appl-Appl-Applebees\ " :) " 
I love you is eight letters , so is bullcrap . 
\May I have a coke ? \ " \ " Is Pepsi good ? \ " \ " Is Monopoly Money good ? \"" 
He told me I love you and I laughed and asked if he was serious . 
Do YOU really know the muffin man ?? Wish I did , then Id get free muffins :) 
I am so tired :P Lol this is the second day Ive spent at home ALL week . Ive been other places BUT home so now Im relaxing and watching the snow drop which is ruining how the weather SHOULD have been :P 
Snow is amazing , you go outside to build a snowman then you end up solving a mystery like Scooby Doo lol 
Its pretty sad when your friends look at you and say , \I bet you cant even remember the theme songs to Drangon Tales and Blues Clues . \ " ... then you start busting out in those songs . " 
I like yooh :) Is there really more to say ? 
For ONE day , I wish guys could understand all that a girl does , all that a girl has to go through , and how much we really love you . THEN , maybe when we cry about you , you wont laugh to your friends about how idiodic we look 
Flairs remind me of buttons ... and I like buttons :) 
I dont wanna run away but I cant take it I dont understand . If im not made for you then why does my heart tell me that I am ? Is there anyway that I could stay in your arms ? Because I miss you , so so strong that it takes my breath away .. :) I LOVE that song . 
<3 hard to believe its already been one year since the first day I met you . :) 
Was as Red Lobster with my friend and her family . LOL this waiter was supposedly hitting on me . I didnt see it though ... i think they're just crazy . 
<3 The sweetest of feelings is not only loving someone ... but having that someone love you back . 
I know that you get me into stuff , and I know that I take your crap . I know that you care about me , and sometimes you even sit on my lap . We lay down in grass , and look up at the sky , we make jokes about each other , and sometimes we even cry . I love the way you listen to me , and how you tell me everythings ok , but even when its not , Ive gotta say this , I know Ill listen to you , somewhere , someday . 
Lol cant spell You without U lol 
Dizzy and tiried :P 
Love me or hate , still an obsession , love me or hate me that is the question . If you love me then thank you ! If you hate me well then *&%$ you ! LOL I Love that song ! 
MAP testing is going to be OH-SO FUN !!! :( Not . 
I dont get why they never see who's right in front of them . They're always out looking for the right girl , or trying to get their crush to like them . And all along ... you just wasted your time waving your arms high in the air so all you could get was , \Were only going to be friends . Nothing more . \ " What a kick in the face . " 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > I love you , and I know I can be harsh . I know that I can be mean , but I know its worth it when I can see you smiling again :) I love you . 
At my dads office :) ITS AWESOME !!! 
When my heart aches for you , sometimes I just push the feeling away . When my hands urge to grabs yours , I sigh and make my hand into a fist . When we are looking at the stars , my body urges to lay . But when those tears are stearming down my face , and you're the one that caused them , I know that your not worth my time if all your going to do is hurt me . 
My throat is killing me and I cant breathe out of my nose !!! :P Im sick and it sucks . 
I can actually sing up to Ti now without my voice cracking !!!! YSSSSSS ! 
Hm .. I hear colors and see sounds . Wows ... 
You stole my heart .... so I stole your last name ;) 
We are like an equation ... Me+You(Love) = US 
When you spill your guts to someone and all they can reply back with is \Yeah . \ " . . . pisses me off . " 
Mountain dew at 2 in the morning is woooonderful :) 
and thats what you get for falling again , you cant get him out of your head . 
Just another day . . . rainy and all . :P who asked the rain to fall ? They should be shot . 
I just might die if you kiss me . So , kiss me again . That way , I can die happy . 
its pretty sad when you pass by the Cullens funeral home and think , \i didnt know they died . \"" 
I was talking to Kenzie Faith Nitz today after school during practice when she stopped me mid sentence , grabbed my hand , and asked me , \We're you writing ? \ " \ " Shut up . . . ima lefty \"." 
I remember when you said always and forever , but some how , always and forever came to an end . 
You know what I hate ? I hate it when girls complain about guys throwing things down their shirts when their shirts are barely covering their boobs . Its so annoying . 
I have a new laptop . Okay , well a not-so-new laptop lol . Hamidown !! WHOOT ! 
Dude ... my feet are in a cold sweat . 
... I am now blonde . 
Baby , you're so hawt that you not only sizzle , but the ozone layer just got really jeleous 
What you've got boy , is hard to find . I think about it all the time . :) Your love is my drug . 
:/ it's summer ... so why am I waking up at 8:30 ??? 
All the love that history knows , \ 
Is said to be in every rose . \ 
Yet all the love that could be found in two , \ 
Is less than what I feel for you . 
:P I was doing GREAT with allergies ... until now 
Ice cream is yummy :) 
Whats wrong with be random ?? 
Dontcha love blueberry muffins in the morning :) I DOOOO ! 
Everything is more fun when your blonde :D 
Snow slowly melts into the grass , \ 
I now realize that winter's storm has passed . \ 
I breathe in the sickly sweet smell of flowers , \ 
And I feel the earths powers . \ 
Instead of the beautiful white puffs , \ 
And being alive seems to be enough . \ 
I am grateful to be alive . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ...... MAN !!! Thats a really long name . 
You know what I like ? :) Bubbles . But I dont really get why they make flavored bubbles . Its not like were gunna run around with our mouths wide open\ psssh speak for your self . " 
I've got sunshine on a cloudy day . When its cold out side , Ive got the month of may . I guess youll say , \What can make me feel this way\ " . :) My boy . " 
I dont care whatcha you say ... Im still where my puppy slippers :) 
I dont get why they just made a toy story three like 6 years later after the second one . Same as the little mermaid 3 \ 
:P 
SMORES !!!!!! 
I dont always know whats right , and I cant help but be me . I can only hope that one day I'll be ready for flight . To spread my wings and fly far away , and be the person I wanna be , I just wanna say what I wanna say . Can you except me for me , or are you going to push me away like all the others ? Am I that hard to see ? Please forgive me if I'm different , but Im not sorry . I am glad I am different . 
Statues can be loved too , you know ! 
Come on get higher loosen my lips faith and < PROPFEMALE > and the swing of your hips just to pull me down and drown me in love :) 
Can I be as cool as the new sprint 4-G network phone ? NOW THAT IS SOME SERIOUS UPGRADING\ " , 201 0-0 6-21 03:59:53 " 
Is so estatic ! 
Black dress , with the tights underneath . I got the breath of the last ciggerett on my teeth and shes an actress need but she aint go no need shes got money from her parents and a trust fund back east :) 
\You know ... your the creepy one in the scary movie that makes it out alive . Did you know that ? \ " \ 
(>'_')> # I was going to give you this waffle . #<('_'<) but then I was like . (>'#'<) Im hungry . (>'-'<) So I ate it . (>^-^<) 
The water was as black as a cloudy sky with no < PROPFEMALE > and no stars . It shone with fireworks , colors from blues to oranges . loud BOOMS echoed into the night followed by another . 
I broke our waverunner :p . It has a really big hole in it . 
Playing Majora's Mask :) FUN FUN . 
Okay ... im offically weirded out even MORE by my parents . 
I love how you lie to me and then think I'll never find out . Heh all I have to say is , Game On . 
terrettes is a serious disease ... but its seriously hilarious :D 
I hate big feet , the mess with your balance . Maybe thats why I test gravity a lot . 
is feeling stupid . Turned my DVD player on to watch a movie and it wouldnt show up on the screen . Took me 20 minutes to realize the TV wasnt on . This box blonde is seeping into my brain and corrupting it . 
eating greens is a special treat . it makes LONG ears and great big feet . but it sure is awful stuff to eat ! i made that last part up myself :D I love thumper 
\you want some Altoids ? \ " \ " You have my Altoids with you ? \ " \ " yeah theyre in my back pocket\ " \ " then theyre asstoids . \ " \ " Well ... do you want an Asstoid ? \"" 
I love you :) I love you so much that I could just kiss you . :) 
Babysitting today . FUN . 
Party today :) SUPER EXCITED 
I hate how you're always on my mind . 
Talk to the fist cause the face is pissed 
accept your wife for what she is : a very big hoe 
Im not here for your entertainment , you dont really wanna mess with me tonight . Just stop and take second , I was fine before you walked into my life . Cause you know its over before it begins . Keep your drink just give me the money . Its you and your hand tonight . 
My dad listens to Im On A Boat ... and sings to it too . HELP !!! 
had the BEST morning EVER 
we have a giant fan we need to bring with us ... or else you girls are gunna hate life 
Why should I avoid you and say I hate you when I could say it too your face ? 
Weird is the NEW defintion of cool . 
Lol did you know there is a bar named Bumps Barefoot Bar ? :D EVERYTHING IS 6 BUCKS !!! :D 
Blue's Clues use to be so amazing . Now , there is a creeper on the show :P what a douche . 
Going to get my schedule today !!! Well hopefully they let me with out an immunization ... or else im < PROPFIRST > . 
1st Hour : 9th Grade Women's Choir , Mrs. Krinke\ 
2nd Hour : ASL 1 , < PROPMALE > Rasdall- Master Sergeant Switzer\ 
3rd Hour : Algebra 1 , Mr. Krey\ 
4th Hour : French 1 , Mrs. Begnaud\ 
5th Hour : Biology 1 , Mr. Vovk\ 
6th Hour : Advanced Studies English 9 , Mrs. Mosier\ 
7th Hour : American History , Mr. Turner\ 
Advisory , Mr. Parrish 
Im freaked . So I had one dream about Zac Efron , One about the < PROPMALE > Brothers , One about < PROPFIRST > Bieber . :o It was the biggest nightmare ever . 
I wonder ... who was the person who decided to squeeze a cows tit ? I bet they were like , \OMG white stuff ! Ill call it milk\ " :D " 
Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > :P you have offically got me addicted to California Gurls and Smile . Oh and some country songs I cant think of . Your such a quacker :) 
So , we made pizza last night and my mother forgot to take the cardboard off . So we tried cutting it and it wouldnt so my dad came over looked down and started laughing . We were like , what ? and then he told us ... and we felt like goobers . 
Bye bye blonde hair :D 
Why do parents have to yell at you to wake on a Saturday morning at 9 ? :P Man ... Its still summer .... 
Some days , you just gotta be glad for what you are given . 
So , I figured high school would be scary , but its really not all that bad . :) I mean , the only thing scary about it is its size . lol 
Quiet frankly , I dont care what you think . And if I said sorry , id be lying . :) 
Im excited for school :) This year is going to be a blast !! Hope everyone has a great year . :) 
Learned how to count to ten today in French :) Took me from hour 4 till now but , by golly , I got it :D 
Okay , so , so ( lol like that extra so ? ) far I've met REALLY cool people . :) Nice to meetcha all . 
THANK GOD ITS FRIDAY !!!!!!!!!! 
Its funny how the people you love always come back when you threw them away ... and give you another < PROPMALE > even if you dont deserve to even see the light of day . 
No one can see me in camoflauge . 
Thanks to the people who have made me smile :) You guys are great ! 
:) Thank you to all the people who've told me to have a happy birthday :) You guys are great 
:D I passed with an 87% on the FIRST try :) Driving with people over the age of 18 , here I come :) 
I've never heard of a kid who was like , \YAY !! Its 6:00 am and I want to go to school !! WHOO !! \ " \ 
dont go to the < PROPFEMALE > mountain , < PROPFIRST > !!! they will steal your kidney ! 
is hanging out a LSN with my bf :) kickin party here ! 
... alright that is really disgusting . 
:) iSmile . A LOT . 
what is the point of a twitter ? facebook is better 
my tear drops have your name in them 
You make me smile like the sun , fall out of bed , sing like a bird , dizzy in the head , spin like a record , crazy on a sunday niigght :) Oh you make me smile . 
You make me want to shank your eyes out . :P Shut up already . 
why ? cause < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > said so . 
A man in a kilt holding a lightsabor ... now THATS something you dont see everyday . 
I like it againts the door (: <3 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > once urinated in a semi trucks gas tank as a joke ... that semi is now known as Optimus Prime . 
deep inside theres a skinny girl trying to get out , but i can shut the bitch up with cookies . :) \ " , 2010-1 0-0 9 18:57:19 " 
i dont steal and i dont lie but i can feel and i can try ... a fact i'll bet you never knew , but to cry in front of you .. thats the worst thing i could do . 
Slootyhooey isnt in the dictionary ..? :) 
your tasting MY rainbow !! 
Your PMSing , arent you ? Is that just another way to say that im being a bitch ? 
It feels like a Saturday :P 
Does it make me crazy to talk to myself ? Only if you answer back . 
sex is a sensation brought by temptation where a boy sticks his location in a girls destination to increase population for the next generation . Do you under stand my explanation or do you need a demostration 
thats the Chizzzzznet :) 
Roses are red , Violets are blue ... oh screw this , Im done with you . 
i wonder if i cross his mind as much as he crosses mine ... 
there is a point when epically epic of all epic fails become funny again < PROPMALE > Seyfried lol wow , what a spirit lifter :D 
My dad took my chips away from me . Wanna see a woman go crazy ninja ?! Take her chips :P 
feels so much later then it really is :P 
I cant promise that I'll always catch you , but you can fall into me and I'll do my best to stay strong for you . 
Dear Math , \ 
get to a point where I can actually USE you in life . \ 
Thanks . :) 
Hey you ! :) Yeah you :) Do you like tacos ? 
Dont follow in my footsteps ... I run into walls . 
Curled my hair today again :P hard work ! 
Cookies ? I think yes ! 
How come you're never on when I really want to talk to you ? <3 
I hate the feeling you get when you just know that your not good enough for him 
I dont think I'll wear a uniform tomorrow . :) 
Your awesome , i know . :) 
I dont get why im doing this but , Why wassup ? 
i did not fart ... i tooted !! lol !!! 
You really shoulda kept it in your pants , now im hearin dirty stories from your friends . Maybe you shouldn't Kiss ' n tell . 
I dont know ' bout you , but im ready to kick back , relax , and enjoy my week . :) Yay for thanksgiving break . 
Ok , you try to mess my life up , you stupid girls . But honestly , my life is pretty good . So give me your best shot . And I promise you , I'll give you mine . 
Dude , your eight layers are showin . 
Apparently , math has no use in life . Naw , really ? 
My hair STILL smells like car oil . THANKS dad . :P 
I put your picture away , i wonder where you been . I cant look at you while im lyin next to him . <3 
Im not a facebook creeper , im just checkin up on you buddy ... often . :) HAHA oh wow . 
I love you <3 \ 
no , I love you :) \ 
Oh shut up I said it first . :) 
\Shes team Edward ! \ " -Edward-\ 
\Knowing is half the battle\ " \ 
I guess its bad to want to spend time with parents , so next time im just going to tell them that since im a teenager now , its genetically impossible for me to want to be seen with them . 
Highschool is for finding who your true friends are and for finding the friends you can never trust . 
I am now a Dinosaur . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Fact : You cant really taste the rainbow . 
Fact : Hot water burns cold toes :P 
Fact : < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > IS better then < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . 
FACT !!! : Its Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!! :) I hope every one has a WONDERFUL Christmas day !! :) 
Using my new iPad :) maaan never in a million years would I have thought that I would get one 
There are somedays that you just want\ 
To go back and repeat . 
A friend reaches for your hand and touches your heart . 
Of COURSE my mom would beat me at Just Dance when a DISCO song came on . 
\I kissed Bella ... and she broke her hand .... when she punched my face ... it's all a misunderstanding . \ " ha ! I've never laughed so hard at a movie before . " 
:P This break is WAY to short for my liking . Can we start over ? 
\COMPUTER MALFUNCTION\ " More like operator error . " 
I think we should just have tomorrow off . Theres no point in going to school for ONE day of the week . 
\Brianna 
This box is suppose to be filled with something amazing :p well I can't think of anything so .. RAWR :) 
Today , just might be a wonderful day :) 
:) jusst got my hair done :) FINALLY !! YAY !! 
\I noticed that all the coins except < PROPMALE > are facing to the left . I guess you can never really get over being snuck up behind and shot in the head\ " WIN " 
Kill the lights ; these children learn from cigarette burns , fast cars , fast woman and cheap drinks . All these aphicsiated , self medicated take the white pill youll feel alright . 
HAHA !! VICTORY !!! :D Sprint , I dont have you anymore . :) So i can offically say YOU SUCK ! :) 
Nothing good ever comes without something bad having to ruin it . 
Life isnt about JUST having fun or taking up responsibilities . Life isnt about making friends or pissing your enemies off . Life isnt about losing friends or making new ones . Life isnt even about finding someone that loves you . Life is learning from your mistakes and correcting old ones . But most importantly , life is learning to love what life its self has given you . 
My dogs butt shakes when he walks . He's such a porker :) 
Even the perfect needs to be perfected . 
Video games dont make kids violent ... lag does . 
Pretty , Pretty Please Don't You Ever , Ever Feel Like Your Less Than , Less Than Perfect . Pretty , Pretty Please If You Ever , Ever Feel Like You're Nothin , You Are Perfect To Me . <3 
Be who you are because in the end , your just going to lose yourself in a person you don't even know 
Behind these eyes , \ 
And unimaginable world lies . \ 
Untouched and hidden , \ 
Unscathed and forbidden . \ 
Colors splash these walls , \ 
Like a rainbow of waterfalls . \ 
Harmless visions of love , \ 
Move out to the world above . \ 
But only I can see , \ 
These desperate eyes before me . 
Good job to the people who were involved in the musical ! You all did a terrific job 
Youre my favorite person :) 
I was sitting in my kitchen with my dad and I was like \Thats not a lot of bacon ... \ " and he was like \ " Its Quality not Quanity\ " and I was like \ " Still ... \ " and he was like \ " Man .. rich people are so stupid . Someone could sell them two pieces for 10 bucks and not know that theres the same stuff out in a store for 50 pieces for 10 bucks . < PROPMALE > people are so stupid . \ " LOL " 
Miley < PROPMALE > really re-sang Every < PROPFEMALE > Has Its Thorn ?!?! Ruined . Just ruined . 
Yeah ... thanks . Jerk . 
The Sanskirt word for \war\ " means \ " desire for more cows \"." 
Ill wait on you forever even though forever is a long time to wait 
Normal : conforming with or constituting a norm or standard or level or type or social norm ; not abnormal . Welp , guess im not \normal\ " . :) " 
Getting braces is just another way of saying \I'm going to straighten your teeth by using metal that will make you want to cut your jaw off without quite breaking your teeth off\ " . For real . :p " 
I hate how you make my heart beat and how you always leave to soon , but I love your smile and I love the way you talk :) For real . 
Like A Boss 
Don't be jealous . You've got nothing to be jealous about . You've got everything I've ever wanted , everything that I will ever need . Your the girl IM jealous of , the one person who has the boy that I can't live without . 
Just when things start to get bad .. they get even worse . 
If you really love someone , you've got to be willing to let them go if their happy , even if it kills you inside . 
Yeah , it's pretty awesome out right now :) 
You . Are . Amazing . :) no doubt about it . 
Your hand was made so mine could fit perfectly in it . <3 
Wow your so mature . It amazes me . 
Went to the mall today with < PROPFEMALE > North !! :) I had so much fun !! 
What goes up must always come down ... 
Happy Saint Patricks Day !! Hanging out with one of my bestest friends today ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Long I imitated one of your laughs today and my parents started laughing . :) Now you know Im not the only one who thinks your laugh(s ) are super funny ! :) 
I look up at that dark sky that is lit up beautifully by those < PROPFEMALE > stars and that bright < PROPFEMALE > and think of you ... then i wonder if you're looking up at the same sky thinking about me . 
If I could take every < PROPFEMALE > out of the night sky for every time youve made me smile than I would be holding the whole night sky in my hands . 
When your with him , it's like it doesn't even matter wether the sun shines or it rains because as a matter of fact , he IS the sun that brightens up your day . 
This is me swallowin my pride standing in front of you saying I'm sorry for that night , and I go back to December all the time . 
I would go through all this pain , take a bullet straight through my brain but you won't do the same . 
I won't apologize for who I am . 
We were talkin bout < PROPMALE > Dunham in 2nd hour today :) Best . Hour . Ever . 
I only like you when you give me cookies :) 
I can't wait till tomorrow !! :) 
\Your as blind as a dog\ " \ 
\how do you bake a poster ? \"- Allyssa DeJarnette\ 
You are the thunder and I am the lightning . 
You're so hypnotizing , could you be the devil ? Could you be an angel ? Your touch magnetizing , feels like i am floating , leaves my body glowing . 
You're so far away but so close 
\eyeballsac\ " \ 
So raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right ways . My glass is empty . That SUCKS . lol 
Oh Joy . Oklahoma ... well apart from probably getting sick , i know i get to miss school and < PROPFEMALE > out with a bunch of friends !! :D 
Just got home . :P Thanks BUS for driving me home even though you SUCKED . 
I wish it was saturday again 
Tonight im lovin you <3 
Shoulda known you was trouble from first kiss 
60 degrees and sunny ... then why am i so FREAKIN COLD ?!?! 
I hate Pizza Shoppe . Eww . :P 
Dear Those Stupid Fences with Spikes on Them-\ 
You really suck . Thanks for scratching me today . \ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > :) 
Baby tonight , the DJ got us fallin in love again . 
Some things arent meant to be . We are one of them . 
In the arms of the angel fly away from here . From this dark cold hotel room and the endlessness that you feel . 
Never had i imagened living without your smile . Feeling and knowin you hear me , it keeps me alive , so alive . 
If love is so good why does it hurt so bad 
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to say youve never met 
At this point , what does Easter matter when he needs us more ? He doesnt deserve to be treated that way ... hold on , we'll be there . 
What a long trip :p 
I guess I'm just not open enough for you . 
I figured out that my dog doesn't take a treat unless he does something right . 
We had it , we lost it , and to where it went I have no clue . 
I no longer believe in what my mind tries to persuade me to do , but instead I believe in my heart to do what I know is right . 
Never sell your heart to a boy , it will just end up getting crushed . 
All this pain and suffering for something so great it could have lasted a life time ... 
What hurt the most , was being so close . Having so much to say , then watching you walk away . Then never knowing , what could have been ... Not seeing that in loving you , Is what I was trying to do . 
