Coincidence ? On Friday , my 27th birthday , my morning tea bag said ( no joke ! ) : \Old age requires grace and wisdom . \ " And then I succeeded in spilling a bag of Pirate's Booty all over the kitchen . So much for grace - on to wisdom ! LOL " 

I miss NYC . Is it crazy to say I even miss the temporary vertigo I sustained for 2 days in VT following intense train & subway travel for a week ? Then again , any week with Bono singing his heart out is a week worthy of memory < PROPFIRST > anyday ... Sigh :) 
New < PROPFEMALE > has left my loyalties in question , and I consider myself to be a very loyal sort of person . I will always be Team < PROPFIRST > , but OMG Team < PROPMALE > is becoming mighty tempting !!! Sizzle sizzle . LOL What a great movie !! :) 
wants to go back to bed ... UGH . Temples are throbbing , my face hurts and my nose won't quit . I hate getting sick ... why now ?? Hopefully this \tea for colds\ " stuff will be a quick 24 hr miracle cure ! " 
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving everyone !!! :) HUGS to All 
All aquiver on the brink of uncovering a “lifetime” dream . :) 
Today Burlington , VT tied its old record ( from 1937 ) of \Latest 1st Snowfall . \ " Finally saw some white stuff on the walk to work this morning ! " 
Headed to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow to see my beloved Babki ... my grandma had a stroke on Wed morning :( ... please keep her in your thoughts for a good recovery ... 
Pain , pain go away . And please don't come back another day . :-/ 
Anyone else see AVATAR yet ? Last night Leaf and I went to Majestic with his sister < PROPFEMALE > and her bf Gig , and O-M-G this was a visually stunning film !!! Very thought provoking ... satire on human history really ... and the 3D experience was mindblowing . Now I know why Avatar has become one of the top money grossing films of all time in just a matter of weeks - it's truly 3 hours of \amazing \"!!" 
Um , have I missed something today ??? What's up with everyone saying black or white ??? LOL 
The most awesome shade of GREEN you ever did see ! ( Or in this case , didn't see ! ) LMAO 
Liver chestnut tobiano OR silver dapple Mustang ... that is the ( model painting ) question 
Off to Winooski's new Block Gallery & Cafe to get artsy-fartsy with paper and glitter for a < PROPFIRST > contest :) A win would = great organic / local hot cocoa for a long time :) 
Headed home to celebrate my Aquarian < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday :) 
is tickled pink to be called Winooski's < PROPMALE > ist At Large by the Year of < PROPMALE > committee peeps 
Get out and have your voice heard - VOTE today !!! 
Walking to work , Bono's sweet voice should be crooning \It's a Beautiful Day ; Don't let it get away\ " ( Gotta love sunshine in VT in March !!!! ) " 
finally finished reading Breaking < PROPFEMALE > !!! I love happy endings . :) Looking forward to June for the Eclipse movie eeee ! 
If you work at VSAC , be sure to check out the employee Craft Show TODAY from 11:30 - 1:30 !!! :) I'm selling beautiful hand painted magnets and photography prints . 
is tired but happy :) 
Snow storm on Wednesday ... 85 degree temps on Sunday ... only in VT can you span the seasons in less than a week ! 
is tired of feeling so tired . :-/ Yup , that's right Universe ... 1 month is too long ... I want to be back to my exuberant , spunky self ... Now ! 
If all goes well , tomorrow after travels to NH I will officially have my first < PROPFEMALE > daughter ! :) We're hoping < PROPFEMALE > the Lionhead will help Squirrel be happier when we're away - he's so attached to his humans ! 
managed to squeeze into my < PROPMALE > Prom dress from 1999 (!) today at work for a special < PROPFEMALE > event . Wow , talk about nostalgia ! ( It was cool winning a 3rd place too ... ) 
my 17 year old car passed inspection today - WAHOOO !! 93 Tegs ROCK !!! :) ( that's Acura Integra for you \non-Integra-obsessed\ " people lol ) " 
Anyone here been to Burger < PROPMALE > during the Eclipse promotion ? Willing to give up or trade pieces ?? :) I especially need < PROPFEMALE > , Carlisle and < PROPFIRST > . :) 
Why is it that so often Clarity finally arrives amidst Pain ? 
My tea bag this morning proclaims : \You must know that you can swim through every change of tide . \"" 
These bittersweet days served by the muse of melancholy moments have created my most prolific poetic writing period in years \ 
( Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for the internet connection – Yay ! - Pandora radio while typing rocks ! ) 
saw EAT PRAY LOVE with < PROPFEMALE > yesterday . Very good film ( -- and perfect timing) ! 
wonders why it seems like sleep is being avoided lately ... hmm ... odd ... should go to bed ... but oh , Pandora how I adore you ... one good song after another ... dreams avoided ... hit pause . House is still a disaster , but at least the condo board meeting minutes are done . LOL 
not impressed with Hurricane < PROPMALE>'s timing . Why is it that on the very rare occasion a famly member tries to visit me , there's a blizzard orin this case , the first hurricane to threaten the East Coast since 1991 ?! I mean , seriously now , what gives ? lol 
wishes she was in Mystic to celebrate and eat cake today . Happy Birthday to my sister < PROPFIRST > ! ( I feel soooo old now lol ) 
absolutely hates sketching people ... Why on e < PROPMALE > h did I say \yes\ " to drawing United Way dunk booth posters ... Ugh !! The torture !! Plus ... what if those coworkers are insulted by their picture ?!? lol This is exactly why I stay away from caricature < PROPMALE > normally ... lol " 
is looking forward to seeing her mommy tomorrow , Friday & Saturday !! It'll be my mom's first encounter with a mini lion named Leona ... lol :o ) 
wishes < PROPFIRST > Cullen's mind reading abilities could be borrowed as is very disappointed with the start of the week , despite best attempts not to be . :-/ 
So I'm thinking I shall commence writing a story on my crazy drama - trauma life . LOL Whaddya think ? New York Times Best Seller in 2015 ? ( I'm going to be optimistic we are all here after 2012 ... haha ... ) 
is happily lost in the peace of U2's music ... a place where frustration , illness and limitations are forgotten ... if for but a moment , a time for a soul to dance free in joy ... as if all in the world was well ... 
had a weird bad premonition about the neighborhood as I went to bed around 11pm last night . I was woken up just before 8am by voices outside my window . 2 cars and 1 motorcycle pointlessly vandalized - tires slashed , hate messages scratched into paint , and all the brake lines on the bike cut , etc . Several house window screens slashed as well ... and one home in my building was robbed . :-( A sad morning for Westwood . 
\Walk out 
I hope my fortune cookie from < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday yesterday knows what it's talking about : \You are heading for a land of sunshine . \"" 
Is there anyone out there able & willing to give me a ride to the ( Essex ) train station on Friday AM ? The \almost-birthday-girl\ " would be uber grateful ... :) " 
Nose , we need to renegotiate the terms of our relationship . Sickness on my birthday week is unacceptable . :-( Bed , you are my best friend , see you again really soon . Nyquil , I love you . 
11:11 make a wish 
THANK YOU everyone for the birthday wishes !!! :) What a day !! Mom & sister stealthily planned a surprise party ( my 1st ever ) , I got to see 3 awesome blast-from-the-past friends and then ended the special day with fireworks at my Dad's!! WOW !! Even the weather in CT was a perfect beautiful day . Glad I survived to see #28 . :) 
Home sweet home ... ILOVERMONT ... except that I finally gave in & turned on the heat !! 
\And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a < PROPMALE > was more painful than the risk it took to blossom . \ " ~ Anais Nin " 
' s house is chilly because Mother Nature thought it'd be funny to sprinkle snow flurries and freezing temps in the Valley . Thank goodness I received the most awesome birthday present this week - a life-saving , comforting Snuggie :) 
Why does it feel like sometimes I'm honest to a fault ? :-/ 
Um , okay , seriously , that is not a FIRE TRUCK I see at the other end of Westwood , is it ?!?! All I can say is , it wasn't my fault this time ( or < PROPFEMALE > from Washington's!)! I think the Winooski PD & FD know all of us by now since they seem to be here at least once a month . LOL 
Don't worry , still breathing . lol Weird headache and my heart seems to be running a bit faster than usual ... hmmm ... is that bad ?!? But on the plus side , I had a really good dream late this morning . Really , really hope it comes true ! 
is Lady Karenella of Canterbury :) 
is feeling all fired up after watching Secretariat !!! A great reminder to live your dreams no matter the critics or obstacles . Now I remember why I am fighting this Lyme thing ! I want to RUN again without consequence ! Neeeeiiiigghhh !!!!! 
is going through severe dessert withdrawal and so is about to attempt baking whole wheat flour , no sugar ( < PROPFEMALE > only ) , oatmeal and carob chip cookies . They had better live up to the recipe's claims of healthy yumminess !!! 
Sooo exhausted but super excited to be exhibiting at a public arts & crafts bazaar for the first time !! Woo hoo ! :) If in the area , hope you'll stop by the Burlington Elks on North Ave between 9am - 4pm ! Wish me luck its a good selling day - sure would help if it is !! 
What better way to end a good day then curling up with a good book and awesome Snuggie while sipping yummy tea ? Ahhhhh . The biggest challenge will be being that cozy and staying up long enough to get through a chapter ... mighty sleepy ... lol :) 
What\ 
a night . I had hoped my face would never again have the \Oh crap GWBush\ 
is it bad of me to hope that IT won't be able to repair VSAC's computer network in time for tomorrow ? >:-) I really would love to sleep in and not drag my crappy feeling self in . I still cannot believe I went home sick just a few minutes too early !!!! :-/ 
Despite only working a half day yesterday and then collapsing with exhaustion into bed at 9pm , I still couldn't manage to get up until now . To top it all off , the stupid headache won't let up and I can't take Excedrin anymore because I'm not supposed to have caffeine ... Grrr . Just want to feel whole and healthy again . :( 
I don't believe the best of friendships ever die . < PROPMALE > says it best : \ ... was like peas and carrots . \ " Yup . " 
1 ) Days are short when you sleep through most of them ... \ 
2 ) I lost 8lbs in only 2 weeks ?!?! \ 
3 ) I am missing my peeps at VSAC :( I actually miss the work too ! ( crazy but true ) 
is trying to muster up the energy to bake some yummy healthy carob cookies for Thanksgiving dessert :) 
I am feeling hopeful for the future . I am thankful for my amazing friends , dear family & my sweet bunnies Squirrel and < PROPFEMALE > . HAPPY THANKSGIVING to you & yours !!!!!! 
Quiet morning made for great sleeping in ... then woke up to beautiful snow showers !! :) Perfect timing , Mother Nature ; my 1 goal for the day is decorating the Christmas tree & now I feel in the spirit ! 
Crossing my fingers that a certain wish will be a dream come true . Life's twists and turns are so remarkable ... and unpredictable . Are pigs flying yet ? 
Funny tummy :( Leaf said he had it earlier today so we must've caught something from someone ... as doesn't seem ate anything bad ... Ugh 
Man , it sure is crazy < PROPFEMALE > - wind chimes are getting a good musical workout today ! I'm just glad I didn't blow away on my way to the bank earlier . My hairstyle was rockin ' though . LOL 
My artwork is now for sale at Hillside Florist & Gifts in Waterbury !!!!! Shop local and support your fellow VT artisans !! :) 
is grateful to the kind friend who shovelled off my car and walkway :) so thoughtful , thank you ! 
Am I the only one who hasn't even BOUGHT Christmas cards yet ? Only 10 days left to buy , write and mail them . Ugh ... the days are passing by too fast from so much rest ! 
2 years ago today I bought my first home and began moving in amongst the snow storms . :) To be able to do this on my own as a young woman was a dream come true . I feel blessed to live here , with several neighbors now dear friends . 
Time for Operation : Capture Loose Rabbit . \ 
If someone dumped this poor cute thing into the cold I'd love to whack em a good one !! If you know someone in Winooski missing a white with black spots young rabbit , its hanging out at Westwood ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! :) Here in Mystic with the family . No snow yet ... but maybe tomorrow ! 
Today is my dear grandma's 90th Birthday !!! Je < PROPFEMALE > stolat , Babki ! :) 
Wishing all of you the very best in the coming year : good health , happiness & lots of love ! Cheers to 2011 !!! ? < PROPFEMALE > 
My latest new heavy-duty med not only costs $ 1,000 for a 1 month supply ( thank God insurance paid for most of that ! ) but it looks like bright yellow paint . Should I be concerned that I'm ingesting a liquid that looks better suited for street lines than my stomach ?!? Hmm ... maybe the idea is to scare away all the toxins and bacteria ?! 
Heavy wet snow and rumbling thunder ... oh my ! 
I have the best friends & co-workers in the world ! THANK YOU to everyone at VSAC for your kind messages & sweet gifts . I feel blessed for the sunshine you bestowed upon me today ! I have been having a rough time lately and this was the perfect pick-me-up -- there really are no words to say how happy & grateful I am . Hugs to you all ! 
There's nothing quite like a fresh bouquet of flowers to cheer up a place and a person's spirit ! Feeling lucky to have Leaf in my life :) 
< PROPFEMALE > & Grape 
Everyone CHECK YOUR FURNACE VENTS outside !! Drifting snow COMPLETELY buried ours ! Eeek ! Luckily the cold air blowing ( instead if heat ) this AM gave a hint something was wrong . The furnace went into an error code mode and had to be turned off and restarted . Ok ... now back to bed ! 
Last night ( around 2 or 3am ) I dreamt about a severe earthquake with wave after wave of aftershocks . I told Leaf when we woke up , and he goes on his iPad and reads that Japan just got struck by a < PROPMALE > quake ! Last year there was a very minor earthquake in VT ( no damage or anything ) and a few hours before it I had an intense question of \is my workplace's parking garage able to withstand a quake ? \ " Hmm ..... very odd ... " 
Enjoyed a lovely quiet Saturday with local model horse friends and met an amazing painter who graciously showed me the basics of using pastels - so much fun ! :) Plastic horses just might be the best medicine . 
Anyone know a good family or individual who is looking for a pet rabbit ? I am so afraid to give away a < PROPFEMALE > to a home where they'll grow tired of her after Eastertime ... I feel it is best for < PROPFEMALE > to find a new home and want her to have loving humans who will be kind to our sweet , shy little girl . 
Last night had a terrible dream that my beloved Integra was stolen . Today was told by my mechanic some unhappy news ... water pump etc repairs will cost an entire month's disability leave salary . And apparently although the car paint is excellent , the rocker panels are very rusted out so that will be a future prob . What to do ??? :'( 
Ouchy . Trying to soothe my sore mouth with my special sugar-free coconut ice cream . I can now add \oral laser surgery\ " to my list of medical adventures . It feels weird to talk ... still a bit numb . So glad now I forced myself to eat lunch before my appt !! " 
Award-winning LYME Movie - Go see it ! Its FREE !! 
If I wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > , will it come true ? * crosses fingers * 
