started my second job today , very exciting . 

needs sleep like nowwwwwww 
any body else watch Real Time with < PROPMALE > Maher ? I'm kinda loving it ... 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ... craziness 
recovering from surgery , i.e. , eating only pudding and yogurt . Ughhh . 
Weird dreams I have ... so freaking weird . 
is pretty fly , for a white girl . 
So They Came Into The Outway It Was Sunday-What A Black Day Mouth To Mouth Resuscitation Sounding Heartbeats-Intimidations GENIUS ? 
ughh I need to clean my pig-sty of an apartment * wiiine * 
UFC 100 , can't WAIT 
< PROPMALE > is OUTRAGEOUSly good 
does this look like the dancing of a talentless idiot ? HA 
going to sleep ... long week this is turning out to be , not complaining though ;-) 
watching < PROPMALE > maher , getting my mind blown 
yiiiiikes .... daaaaaaaaaaang 
Don't waste your money on G.I. < PROPFIRST > . Don't you do it !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin is a propaganda-whore . I wish she'd drop off the face of the earth . 
I'm so glad my central air isn't working right now . I always dreamed of sweating to death ... 
3 days till NYC !!! getting excited .... 
any must-see locations in NYC ? I've been to < PROPMALE > Center before but that's about it . 
< PROPMALE>'s birthday dinner at Tanino's and then enjoying a few drinkies at home ??? 
NYC TODAY !!!!!!!!!! too excited ... 
is in the hotel ... pics posted tomorrow sometime !!!! 
the hotel's stupid network won't let me upload my stupid pics so I'll have to upload them tomorrow or tuesday ... stupid ! 
is back home after spending a night in the Poconos ( very nice but freeeeezing cold ) . It's soooo nice to be back in my own bed !!! 
yikes x 3 ... life is so crazy . Everything seems to hit at once sometimes . 
is getting ready for the day . TGIF !! 
< PROPFIRST > Stamos was on < PROPFEMALE > today and I missed it ? Something always keeps us apart ... 
is relaxing at home after the monsoon 
is going school shopping with the little sis and then Wegmans for some groceries 
wants EVERYONE to know that my birthday is less than a month away !!! September 27th . Carve it into your retinas . 
thinks I need to start following my own advice . 
is gonna need an Ambien tonight because I'm excited about a house we looked at on the Southside !! 
? Diamonds grow under pressure ? 
needs some rest , early bed time tonight 
apparently just made the best homemade macaroni & cheese in the world ... it's the secret ingredient . It's not really a secret though ; I'll tell you if you want :-) It's even better than < PROPFIRST>'s mom's macaroni & cheese BUT DON'T TELL HER because she will murder me . 
is obsessed with Cold Case Files 
needs a hair cut/color like WHOA ... but is very poor right now ... 
Vampire Squid from Hell ? I think \Planet Earth\ " was specifically made to give me nightmares . " 
needs to get my butt in gear ... so much stuff to do 
is watching the yankees game and my cats getting spiffy on cat nip 
is trying to get some things done around the house while watching the Yankees game ... not working out 
is trying to keep hope alive . Do chocolate chip cookies help ? Only one way to find out ... 
is waiting for my Meatloaf to bake ... 
is trying to get my butt around ... it's Friday , it's Friday , it's Friday !!! 
has a headache that won't stop 
Social experiment : If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , good or bad . When you are finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised with what people remember about you . 
is buying KG's new book today :-D 
wow ... WOW 
is watching the VMA red carpet show ... can't help it . Lady Gaga better win some awards ! 
is going to bed , taping the rest of the VMA's . Wouldn't want to miss another temper tantrum from Kanye ;) Does he know that she's a 16 year old girl ?! 
OMG < PROPFIRST > Swayze just died at the age of 57 . I remember when he corrupted my young mind in Dirty Dancing ... seriously though , SO sad . 
is thinking about going to Fair Shake again before it closes ... I wonder if it's even still open ... 
is not thrilled , not even a little . 
needs sleep but what am I doing ? reading more of < PROPFEMALE > Griffin's book . 
\You must check yourself before you subsequently ... wreck yourself ! \"" 
is catching up on Daily Show and Colbert before sleeping for a few hours ... doing an overnight tonight at Pine City . If you're up late tonight , text me something nice ! 215-9596 
I forgot how excruciating it was to stay up all night against your will . Kick me if I ever agree to do it again . 
is working a shift at Supportivs tonight ; can't wait to be done there so I can go to work on Monday morning . Who says being poor doesn't have its perks ? 
some people make me feel like the cleanest person who ever lived 
didn't feel like cooking so got a Wegmans sub ... everyone wins . 
nightttt 
tummy is making weird noises ... I guess I have to make dinner . I wish I were shopping . 
my internet is on the < PROPMALE > and they can't come out to fix it until Friday . Not pleased but I'm going shopping so it kinda evens out ! 
RIP Mr. Rosenheck :( 
is at Wegmans using the Wifi to finally check everything ... and pay some stinky bills . Oh , by the way , Roadrunner can suck it . 
internet is back :-) 
how ' bout them YANKEES ? crazy game !!! 
is getting ready for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s house warming party . Gotta make that famous < PROPMALE > ' n Cheese ! 
I'm pretty sure I need the new Cascada CD . Anyway , I'm getting ready for lunch and Zombieland at the mall ... someone please stop me from buying anything above and beyond the afore mentioned items ! 
Zombieland is WICKED , totally reccomend . 
is watching tv with < PROPMALE > and Niko after taking an amazing nap which I will inevitably pay for with a sleepless night tonight ... might have to double tap the Ambien bottle tonight ! Nut up or shut up !! 
I wish I had more time to not do my dishes ... 
needs a caffeine IV 
is getting the PJ's on , getting ready for the Yankees game with a few glasses of wine 
I got my nap in ... now getting around to do some grocery shopping at Wegmans and then < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party at 6 . 
just got back from the party ( don't waste time/money on the new Children of the Corn- STUPID ) finishing up the Yankees game and then bed . 
doing some chores around the house then visiting with Aunt < PROPFEMALE > for a bit and then making a delish dinner -- OH yeah , < PROPMALE > is paying his car off today !! 
Probably a dumb question : Does anyone know what Permanent Press on the washing machine means ? I've been doing laundry since I was 10 but I still have no idea ... 
can't wait till the weekend 
Two words : Pumpkin cookies . More words : from P&C are TO DIE . 
just got home from walmart , eating a late dinner , doing some laundry and then hopefully relaxing . 
doing more laundry , SVU marathon has me glued . 
getting ready to go out tonight . This should be interesting ... 
Trying to relax ; maybe some Farkle will help . 
I love inappropriate humor . So effing much . 
There must have just been a full < PROPFEMALE > because everyone is a hot mess ! 
Just gotta scrap my way through the next 2 days and then I have a 4 day weekend ! Random , extremely inappropriate quote that cracked me up : \Maybe she was cleaning her gun a little too close to her head \"." 
can't believe the mullet was ever a socially acceptable hairstyle . 
I feel much better now that I've slept all day . Might go to the firehouse with < PROPFIRST > to help set up for tomorrow's pancake breakfast . 
Enjoying my day off . I need to get my bum around and start making my Lasagna . I also need to get searching for a good pumpkin cookie recipe . 
I swear , I WILL do something productive today ! 
Watching The Office ( awesome ) then going to bed so I can get up early ( poo ) . 
eating gorditas for dinner ( with a dollop of < PROPFEMALE > , of course ) and then running some errands . 
My friends should be in the Guinness Book of World Records under \Best Friends in the Entire History of the World \"." 
Working through this ... and doing okay today . 
It looks like just about everyone on FB is getting hacked , uck . 
\Regrets are mistakes you don't learn from . \ " The things I learn from < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model * sigh * " 
The only reason I have one ounce of sanity right now is because of the people I have in my life who see me for who I am and my intentions for what they really are . You all deserve \such a muffin basket\ " ! Thank you to everyone for your support . " 
My cats ganged up on me to knock the trash can over last night and then puked up chicken bones on my livingroom floor . They're lucky they're so damn cute or else they'd be going to the Family Wok down the street . 
It's amazing what a difference a nap can make . 
Had a lovely dinner at Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s house . Now I'm doing some chores ( uck ) and then bed time . P.S. Does anyone know of someone who is renting a reasonable 1 bedroom apartment in the Elmira/Horseheads area to a responsible owner of 2 cats ? It's slim pickens , let me tell you . 
Wondering what fun surprises tomorrow could bring ... 
I need to start packing . Blahhhhhh . 
I'll take a coma please . 
Lady Gaga makes everything better . 
It's hard to be a grinch ... but I think it looks good on me . 
I'm so ready for this Christmas crap to be OVER . It's one day a year but it just dragggggs on for 2 months . Eff . 
Dear Santa : I really , really , REALLY want a new Ipod touch ( 8G would be great ) for Christmas . Amen . 
Relaxing at home in my sweats watching Cops . Paradise . 
Doing some HARD CORE cleaning and packing today . Jealous ? 
Sorry , I can't be broken . But I love watching people try . 
Previous New Years plans are a bust ! I know I'm lame ... What's going on tonight ??? I'd really rather not stay home and drink this bottle of wine by myself ... 
Blueberry pancakes . That's what I want . 
' Tigers LOVE pepper . They hate cinnamon . ' 
I think my Mayo spontaneously combusted . Don't you hate when that happens ? 
I vote for more 3-day weekends . They are just tops ! 
To-day was bananas , b-a-n-a-n-a-s ! 
Chores are DONE . I need to watch a funny movie because I feel like I'm losing my sense of humor 
What's YOUR favorite funny movie ? 
* BLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP * 
I don't know about you guys , but I blame it on the Goose . 
Getting ready to go see my girl < PROPFEMALE > Griffin at RIT with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! So psyched about getting the hell out of Dodge for a bit ! Kinda ! 
I just had a really great experience with the IRS . Do you think it's a sign of the apocalypse ??? 
Cleaning day ... 
Where has < PROPMALE > Cooper been all my life ? 
RIP < PROPFIRST > MCQueen 
Catching up on some chores . Dishes are my least favorite ... 
I need to get organized !!!!!!!!!!! 
I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Shopping ! 
Being the responsible adult and doing some chores around the apartment . 
Reminder to self- don't touch things in the store that could possibly break . 
Heading to the gym for some much-needed stress relief . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 
Late night last night ... had a blast ! My camera battery died pretty early on so I guess that just means there's less evidence :) I learned that Coors Light isn't that bad ( all other beer still SUCKS ) and that drunk people are awesome . 
Help control the pet population : Teach your dog abstinence . 
I'm such a fuckin ' ladayyyyy 
I'm rockin ' out tonight Why wait till tomorrow I'ma live my whole life In the night Cuz I ain't got time to borrow 
Werddd . 
It's GORGEOUS outside . Loving it ! 
Enjoying this amazing weather , running some errands and then hopefully out with friends tonight . 
Republicans are so cute when they're angry , awwwww ! 
All this blah weather has me feeling ... blah . 
BLARING music ( yes , my neighbors hate me ) and getting ready for a night on the town with some seriously kickass people ! If you need me in a few hours , I'll be a hot mess on Market Street !!! 
Dunkadooballs . Going for a drive ... 
Getting the hair did , gym'n it , and then some relaxation ! 
Performing some work-related duties and then hanging out with < PROPFIRST > ! 
I'm not paralyzed but I seem to be struck by you . 
Bumpin ' some tunes , gettin ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s 21st B-day celebration ! I'm sure there will be photographic evidence ... 
Going to Mom's for < PROPFEMALE>'s B-day dinner then groceries and then ... 
I am OBSESSED with the newest Lil < PROPMALE > CD and I don't care who knows it ! ? 
Closed captioning isn't working on the tv above my treadmill , NCIS is on . I don't know what they're talking about but it looks pretty serious . 
Holla don't trip . 
Garcia's for lunch !! 
So apparently you are supposed to roll your windows up when you go into an automatic car wash . Yet another example of < PROPFIRST > learning things the hard way . 
I'm not the only one who has a humping cat ... right ? 
Had a total m-effer of a day so I am vegging out until a little bit later .... 
What's good tonight ? I should be relaxing after this crazy week but relaxing just isn't fun ! 
Heading out to the dolla for a few . I'm on call so I can't have any fun but it'll At least get me out of the house for a while . 
Are you hungry for wonderful ? ' Cause I am , wonderful ' cause I am . 
Hittin ' the gym like it owes me monayyy ! 
A nap would be fabulous right now . 
If you can't love yourself , how in the hell are you gonna love somebody else ? 
I love the fact that my gym pants are falling off me but not so much loving when I'm in the zone on the treadmill with my iPod blaring and then before I know it , they're slipping off my thighs . Good thing there are only 30 children in the adjacent room . True story . 
I hate blatently selfish people . It really doesn't hurt to help someone sometimes . 
$ding this beautiful day in Canandaigua ! 
$The indian guy at the Dunkin Donuts drive-thru creeps me out . When I handed him my money he was like ' Oh yeahhhh ' like the Kool-Aid man . Anyway , I'm spen 
Confidence is a must , cockiness is a plus , edginess is a rush- edges , I like ' em rough ... 
Shopping makes everything feel a little bit better ! 
Aaaand now I'm bored . What's good tonight ? 
Steaks and beers with dad , groceries , gym and then more beers with < PROPFEMALE > tonight at Sand Dollar . On top of all that , I'm bumpin ' capris and flops . PERFECT DAY . 
Pre-gamin ' it and getting ready for Sand Dollar with < PROPFEMALE > . Lemme know soon if anyone wants to tag along :-) 
Drag Race marathon ... don't be jealous of my boogie ! 
I'm a bag of fun :-) 
I'm so glam , I piss glitter . 
Getting out of bed when it is sooooo warm under the covers is torture . 
Anybody else watch Drag Race and LOVE Pandora Boxx like me ? Good news ! She performs ALL the time in Rochester at a club called Tilt . I'm trying to organize a little trip to go see her perform ... If anyone is interested , please let me know ! Cell or Facebook is fine :-) 
Wow ... There's a very good < PROPMALE > that I'll be a homeowner by my birthday this year ( September ) . Holy crap . 
Spending some time on myself . Crazy hair , loud music . Don't give a fuck . 
Oh it's gonna be a beautiful day ! Whose down for a mini roadie to Watkins < PROPMALE > after work today ?! 
So apparently the gorge trail doesn't open till next month . Boo . So who knows what I'm doing tonight ? Really , does anyone know ? 
Hangin out with < PROPFEMALE > in Watkins then Garcia's for delish giant margaritas and bowling for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday !!! 
Cook out at Dad's . Lets hope it doesn't rain ... 
The second mouse does NOT get the cheese ! There are NO good fans left at Walmart , ahhhhh ! 
is busy being fabulous . 
It's crazy when you wake up one day and you're not the person you ever thought you would be ... and it's completely fine . :) 
Riding around downtown < PROPFEMALE > on a moped with a confederate flag plastered across the back of your jacket is probably a bad choice . Just a thought . 
El gymo . 
What am I doin ' , what am I doin' ? \ 
\ 
Oh yeah thats right , I’m doin ' me , I’m doin ' me\ 
I’m living life right now man\ 
And this what I’ma do til it's over\ 
til it’s over , it’s far from over ... 
I hit the 30 pound < PROPFIRST > today !!! Apparently hard work does pay off . * on cloud 9 * 
Quote of the day : \You know how women are ; they're damn cranky in the morning !! \"" 
Me & < PROPFEMALE > + few bottles of vino + pack of newports ( no lectures please ) + good music = how we roll . 
I'm so loving this lazy sunday . My cats think it's kick-boxing sunday . They won't stop beating the crap out of each other . 
Mmmm ... tuna < PROPFIRST > for dinner ... mmmm . 
What a fucking day . Too angry to sit still . 
I need to have some fun before I lose my sense of humor completely . 
*** What do you think are the 5 most important qualities in a significant other ? ***\ 
( in no order ) 1 ) Sense of humor 2 ) Open-mindedness 3 ) Confidence 4 ) Intelligence 5 ) Honesty/Respect . Re-post with your Top 5 !!!! 
Gettin around to head up to the ROC for the day with some peeps . Not the marshmallow kind , the awesome kind ? Awwwwwww ! 
Clearly I should have went with the ' Garbage Plate ' . Hindsight ... 
Anything less than 100% honesty is just disrespect . 
Home sweet home ! Had lots of fun in the chacha . Doing some chores around the pad and then hopefully getting outside sometime to enjoy this perfect weather . 
Am I the ONLY one , when I see amish people , I get the sudden urge to \ 
flash them ?? I only want to corrupt their minds . I want them to come over to the dirty-dark side ! 
Dear Nickelback : Get off my radio !!! You suck . 
Finally relaxing after a long dramatic day . My bed is amaaaaazing . 
Quote of the day : \The best part of work is when you're NOT working \"." 
\ ... because there's never an excuse for stirrup pants . \"" 
Gettin ' around to go shake my bum with some of my fave people !!! Sanddollar Holerrrrr :D 
OMG < PROPMALE > Gaffigan = guaranteed uncontrollable giggling for one hour . 
I might not be the prettiest or sexiest . I \ 
might not have the perfect body or be the most beautiful . I might not be\ 
anyone's first or second choice .. but .... I'm ME !!! I'm real , and I don't play games . And I'm proud of the fact that I've fought and survived all the shit I've gone through in order to become the fabulous , kickass person I am today ! 
Ughhh is there anyway I can get an encore of Sunday ?! Pretty please ... 
Some mofo is on MY treadmill ! I'm seriously thinking about tripping him . 
Glee + Gaga = EPIC . Can't ... wait ... omg . 
I just found out I was born on the same day as Lil < PROPMALE > ... only 5 years later . Maybe it's silly but that totally made my day . 
Getting around ... gonna keep it HOT at 3200° tonight ! Bahaha I know I'm a cornball ... 
Rockin a 14-hour work day . FIERCE . Out at 10 ;) 
Ahhhhhhh Had a crazy-long day !!! Chillen at the ultra-cool OP with some peeps for a but ... 
Quote of the day ( yesterday's edition ) \Do you have any music that DOESN'T make me want to slit my wrists ? \"" 
This time baby , I'll be bulletproof . 
Who else is in the mood for some soft serve with sprinkles ? 
This day can totally suck it . 
SO sick of EFC and their shenanigans ... so I'm looking for a new gym . Grand Central Fitness , SNAP or < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Not much makes this girl happier than a new , sparkley , fresh pair of flip flops . * Oh yes * 
That boy is bad\ 
And honestly\ 
He's a wolf , in disguise\ 
but I can't stop staring in those evil eyes ... 
is sexually frustrated . 
Nuggets !! 
What a gorgeous day ... 
I love when I'm standing in the bathroom and my cat gets under my feet- then I stumble and grab onto a shelf and knock my brush into the toilet . Thank you , Niko , you son of a bitch . 
Just realizing my DVR did not record the season finale of Glee . W ... T ... F ?! 
Words cannot express ... how much I love Sweet Gherkins ! 
I'm feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine , I'm loving cloud nine , \ 
my head's in the sky , I'm solo . I'm ridin ' solo . :) 
No me gusta . 
\Oh I've felt that fire and I've been burned 
Is thinkin ' Salsaritas ... 
Finally got an air conditioner . Would there happen to be any gentlemen or muscular gentle-ladies willing to help me install it ? It's a bit heavier than my ho t-t o-trot 19 inch LCD . Prettyyyyy pleaseee ??? 
Loving the new Drake album . Def reccomend . 
Kickin ' off the 4 day weekend . On today's agenda : gym , shopping and then outtt :) 
? 
Quote of the day ( yesterday's edition ): \I love her because she's SUCH a\ 
Getting ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s party , horse race at Tioga Downs , then Sanddollar :) Apologies ahead of time for any drunk texting that may occur ! 
Ahhhh ... it feels so nice to be at home relaxing after running around all weekend . \Me time\ " is fantastic . " 
Well , it was inevitable . I'm actually surprised it didn't happen sooner ... I locked myself out of my apartment . Good thing my teenaged kid neighbor was more than happy to help me break back in . At least I know now it's a 2 person job . 
\Some dreams die in the face of reality ... \ " -My horoscope today . How encouraging . " 
You're so vain , you probably think this status update is about you . * wink * 
UGHH I'm technologically frustrated !!! The TV that a friend gave me \ 
doesn't have A/V hookups . WHAT exactly does this mean I need to do ? I'm \ 
sure it means I need to buy something but I have not a clue as to \ 
what ... man I hope it's something expensive or hard to find , that would \ 
just make my day . Please help :/ 
2 days back from my vacation and I'm ready to binge drink again . 
If you're trying to bring me some drama , take it somewhere else cuz I'm not havin ' it . 
I'm a procratinator-tater today . But I'm finally dragging my BEhind to the gym . 
\What was that robot thinking ?! \"" 
I look too damn cute today to stay in ... what's good tonight ? ;) 
Watching Extreme Home Makeover ... haven't started balling like a baby yet so I'm doing good . 
Getting my hair did :) 
I have a 3-day weekend this weekend and didn't know it . Sa-weeeeeeet . 
Omg , I do NOT feel good at all ! :( 
Shut the front door ! 
I just wanna feel better :( 
NyQuil and 12 hours of sleep is just what the doctor ordered ! 
I left my cell phone in my car for 3 hours while at < PROPMALE > Park for the fireworks . I think if next time , I could choose my form of torture , I would choose water-boarding instead . 
Peaches N Cream :) 
It's weird how I have these random , profound moments . I realized tonight that I don't wanna look back at my life as a series of missed opportunities . I've been living the last few years with my walls so far up that no one could reach me . I suppose if you don't open yourself up to the possibility of getting hurt , you're not opening up to the possibility of anything truly wonderful either . 
So from now on , I'm jumping in head first , with my eyes open . 
gonna spend this hottie-hot day doing some shopping ! 
It is too friggin hot . Who has a pool ? 
It's OFFICIAL , 5 days until we leave for North < PROPFEMALE > !!! Hopefully rollin ' in a super-sexy Escalade too ! Ahhhh I can't wait !!!!! 
Why do some people have to make a federal case out of everything ? Chill baby , chillllll . Life is crazy enough . 
I badly need to go to the gym but don't wanna go back outside to get there . I'd rather be having a beer mmmmm . 
Not so much a fan of the truck-nuts . 
? How you gonna win if you ain't right within ? Uh uh , come again ...? 
Photographing the wedding today . Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Packing for NC trip tomorrow . I'm really getting nervous about being away from home for so long ... 
I got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes , hate in my heart , love in my mind . I've seen nights full of pain , days of the same . You keep the sunshine- save me the rain . I search but never find , hurt but never cry . I work and forever try but I'm cursed so nevermind ... 
* whines * No vacay for me ... I was up sick all night and still feel like boo . :( :( Staying in bed ... :( :( 
\Dance like no one is watching . Sing like no one is listening . Love \ 
feeling a lot better so I'm getting some stuff done around the house and then out to get some groceries . Prolly back to work tomorrow ... 
LOL my Aunt is sooo funny . She's telling me about the Navigator she and my cousin took to NC ... she's like , \It has a Magellan -- you type in the address of where you wanna go and it tells you how to get there while it draws you a picture ! It has been great ! \ " LOL . Gotta love old people discovering \ " new\ " technology . " 
The same thing we do every night , Pinky ... 
If Time < PROPMALE > Cable were a person , I would kick them in the crotch . 
There is nothing better in life than surprise bonus checks . It's gonna be a good weekend !!! 
' there are sober people in africa who would love this ' haha 
\A\ 
Facebook suggested that I might like < PROPFIRST > Swift . Who the hell does Facebook think I am ? 
Trying to get going but it's wayyy to early for this girl . Training all day in the beautiful Rochester ! 
I wish my mind would stfu so I could sleep already . 
Super stressed right now ... off to the gym to burn some . 
I wanna see < PROPFEMALE > kick some BEhind in Salt this weekend ... 
Got some cleaning done , now off to bed to try and get some sleep ... fingers crossed . 
I forgot how low-rise < PROPMALE > sized jeans are ... oh well , it makes the booty look good :) Hollerrr ! Sleeping over at < PROPFEMALE>'s and then 6 hour wine tour tomorrow -- oh boy !!! I'm infamous for the drunk texts , so watch out ! 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > just got bit by a mf'in swan ! I was like , ' bring it on swan!' haha i'm not kidding that swan was a < PROPMALE > . 
I had SUCH a blast at the wine tour yesterday ! I would love to do another one for my birthday in September ... hmmm ... 
I know I look like an idiot in Wegmans squeezin all the bread but it's necessary . And I see them tryin to hide the new milks in the back- they're not foolin me ! 
Pbj sandwich and fruit for dinner cuz it's too hot to eat anything warmer than room temperature . 
Oh thursday , you are such a tease . So close to the weekend , and yet so far . * sigh * 
A Superwoman chick , you know that I am . Some shit don't fly by me in a man . Cuz I do not accept any less than someone just a real , as fabulous . Don't want no paper gangsta . 
I could NOT be happier that it's the weekend !! I think I'm gonna have a super chill weekend ... unless there's something fun going on that I should know about ! 
Why does water street always smell like poop ? 
A hot shower makes everything better ... gettin ' ready to work a shift at the lovely Pine City ! 
Ahhhh I'm so sleepy ... lame , I know . Bed time for this girl . 
I need a vacation SO BAD ... some place far away from here . 
I am determined to see \The Other Guys\ " this weekend . I will go by myself if I have to . But I'd rather not go alone so let me know if you wanna come with :) Which you know you wanna ;) " 
? See everything I been through coulda killed me . \ 
That's why there really ain't nothin ' you could tell me .? -NM 
I just need to keep reminding myself to focus on what's important . 
Those new iPhone commercials are making me homicidal ... AhHHHG 
Jersey Shore is a serious guilty pleasure of mine ... I just can't help it . 
What you see is what you get with this one . I'm just me ? 
Peanut Butter Sundae ice cream from Wegmans = Amazzzzzing 
Bad boys , bad boys , whatcha gonna do ?? 
Got some cleaning & laundry done . Gonna relax and listen to some Drake and then it's bedtime for this Miss . Lady . night ? 
I want to be a kid again so someone would force me to take a nap . 
This crazy weather literally has me dreaming of snow . 
I prepared myself a gourmet sandwich of jelly and peanut butter for dinner today . Holy hell , I'm such a catch ;) 
? Don't want ya money , that shits ugly ? 
I need something to do tonight ... I just took a fantastic nap and am rarin ' to go ! 
? Don’t get impatient when it takes too long\ 
Drink it all even when it tastes too strong\ 
Yeah , I gotta feel alive , even if it kills me\ 
I promise to always give you me , the real me ? 
Buffalo Wild Wings and then out for some drinks in the Square . Text me if you wanna join us ;-) 
Ohhhhh myyyyy ! 
Things that make you go \hmmmm \"...." 
Getting around to go into work early ... hustlin'! 
I really hate taking the high road and being the better person . It should come with more satisfaction than it does . It's so much more empowering to just tell ' em to fuck off . 
I wish I could always be smooth ... like < PROPFIRST > Stone . 
Why does the mofo at the gym , playing his music out loud on his cell phone always have to get on the treadmill right next to me and try to talk to me while I am clearly listening to my iPod and while I'm CLEARLY not interested in anything he has to say ? STFU ! 
is a total grump right now ... calling it an effing night . 
Narf ! 
De-stressing with some friends and a few bottles of wine . Happy Friday to ME ! 
Apparently if you drink 2 bottles of wine in about 3 hours , when you wake up in the morning , you will still be drunk . 
? Let's run away and don't ever look back ...? 
I was really not feelin ' the gym today ... somehow pushed through it . Chilling while I rehydrate and while watching the Kardashians gives me a complex . 
I wish I could be indifferent . 
My bed is so comfortable , it should be illegal . 
I don't want to buy new winter clothes , I just want my old ones to shrink !!! 
? Ever wonder what put that thunder deep behind my eyes ? Take a look and you'll find the sunshine .? 
Catching up on Jersey Shore . Are there ANY men who genuinely respect women ? 
Spending the rest of this beautiful weekend in beautiful Fair Haven ! 
Fishing with Dad and < PROPFEMALE > . I need some aloe < PROPFEMALE > ... my skin hurts . 
Today my Dad told me that I would be a good wife for a man because I'm quiet and I don't nag . Damn , I could have been barefoot and pregnant a loooong time ago if I knew the bar had been set so low . P.S. I AM SO GLAD TO BE HOME !!! 
Because I'm easy come , easy go\ 
Little high , little low\ 
Any way the wind blows\ 
Doesn't really matter to me . 
I'm a procrastinator-tater ! I need to get to the gym . Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Okay I'm going now . 
Change is the only constant in life . 
We can only appreciate the miracle of a sunrise if we have waited in the darkness . 
Officially on vacation till the 14th . Kickin ' it off the right way with some shopping . 
Nothing sucks more than running out of pickles . 
Strawberry daqueries just might be the death of me .... FYI . 
I def feel like I could lay in bed all day but I guess I'm going to spend some time at my sisters new house in the boonies . If you're trying to get ahold of me , I won't have service cuz AT&T sucks . 
Curling up with some tortillas and pineapple salsa , Joy Behar and to top it off : no work tomorrow . Life is fabulous ! 
? Yeah I'm bright but I don't give a fuck if you see me ? 
Got my butt kicked at the gym tonight ( thanks to Miss . < PROPFEMALE > ) . Now it's just me and a bowl of strawberries and they're playing Strangers With < PROPFEMALE > on Logo now ! Worrrd . 
Cleaning and errands all day , gonna try to slip some pampering in there some where ... mani pedi anyone ?? 
I just want it all . 
I hate when you're really hungry but nothing sounds good so you sample a little of everything ... and then you feel like total crap . So that was my night in a nutshell . But now I'm gonna catch up on Always < PROPFEMALE > and probably order a Snuggie . Good times . 
Getting ready to hit the town with my people . Apologies ahead of time for any drunk texting that may occur :-) 
I am sparkling !!!!! Lol . 
I am soooo craving homemade chili and cornbread right now !!! 
Wow , I really hate Maroon 5 . Puke . 
Watching the VMA's , GO GAGA ? 
My birthday is exactly 2 weeks from today . I think I can hear Garcia's calling my name ... 
Back to work after having a long , amazing week off . Sleep is SO much better than work . 
Am I too old to go to bed this early ? I'm so sleepy :/ 
Lend me your eyes , I can change what you see . 
Half Pumpkin Spice Cappuccino and Half Coffee , YUM ! 
Snug as a bug in a rug :) 
Dragging my be-hind outta bed to work 10-9 at good ol ' Supportives . I <3 overtime . 
What a gorgeous day . Makes me wanna go apple picking ! 
Got my hair sexified ( more blond ) and then got into one of those strange cleaning moods so I got a lot done . Now I'm settling into bed with a good book . 
I guess that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano ... 
I need a massage like , pronto . 
Wondering why I go out of my way to make myself absolutely crazy . 
Blasting some music and finishing up some cleaning ... then winding from my pre-birthday bash weekend . I love my friends and family ! ? 
Thanks to everyone who took a second yesterday to wish me a happy birthday ! Much appreciated <3 
Finally heading to the gym ... totally DVRing Glee ! 
Life is SUCH a trip . 
\You're mean but you're my favorite . \"" 
Not settling for anything less than fabulous , amazing and incredible . Period . 
This is the best sleeping weather I've encountered in a while . 
Training all day in the lovely Rochester with my MSC pals ! 
Super bored . 
I ? the Dollar Tree . 
Well hello there , moment of clarity . 
Are there any other negative consequences to not turning my heat on yet- other than me freezing my toes off ? I just want to put off getting raped by NYSEG for as along as possible . 
Since my stupid landlords won't answer their phones maybe someone here can help me ... When I turn on my gas heater in my living room , the Carbon Monoxide Detector goes off . When I turn off the heater , the detector chirps for a while and then stops . I have lived here for almost a year and this has never happened ... insight ? 
Respect is the minimum . 
I wish I had a dull moment . Good news : no work ' till about 11 tomorrow . Anything going on this beautiful afternoon ? 
Could it be any more gorgeous today ? 
Waking up early on a satuday just seems unnatural . WPeking at beautiful Pine City for a bit and then dragging myself to the gym . 
Heading out the night :) 
Had a great night last night with the best people in the world ? Taking some time to relax and recover . 
Re-watching the < PROPFEMALE > episode of Glee . This season is not disappointing at all ! They totally need to do a < PROPFEMALE > episode next season ... 
Didn't wear a stitch of makeup today ( not even foundation ! ) I don't think I've done that since I was 13 . Damn it feels good to be a gangsta ! 
Ahhh I freaking love the weekend !!!!! 
Doin ' some OT at Burkeshire 12- 8:30 and then coming home to snuggle up in bed cuz it's gettin ' soooooo cold !!!!! 
BOOM 
That show Eastbound & Down is MESSED UP . I'm pretty sure I love it . 
I can't stand parents who screamingly humiliate their children in public . I wonder if their children turn out to be obnoxious assholes just like their parents ... 
I am SO worth it . 
I need a truckload of wine , on the double ! 
Watching The Hangover on HBO . hehehehe 
It's gonna be so gorgeous out today . I wanna do something fun !!!! 
It's just been one of those days :( 
Drinking wine and thinking bliss , is on the other side of this\ 
I just need a compass and a willing accomplice\ 
All my doubts that fill my head cascading up and down again\ 
Up and down and round again , down and up and down again . \ 
Oh , I've had my chances and I've taken them all . \ 
Just to end up right back here on the floor . 
Training in Canandaigua all day . Left my phone in < PROPFEMALE > . Hello torture ! 
My cat is eating his own whisker that just fell out of his face . He's my little genius :) 
Two more days till a bitch can get drunk !!! WOO ! And I need it so badly ... 
What a crazy day . Long story short : I'm in Albany for work until early Saturday afternoon . Now I'm gonna attempt to fall asleep ... Night :) 
What a weekend , it went by wayyy too fast ! I'm finally settling in at home , for the first time since Wednesday , getting some chores done around the house . I can't believe tomorrow is Monday already ... I am so not ready for it !!! 
I see so much love for such a truly wonderful man as I scroll down my Facebook < PROPFEMALE > . I'm still in such disbelief but I'm taking some time to surround myself with the family and friends who loved him so much . Thank you all for your thoughts and support in this incredibly difficult time . 
< PROPMALE>'s viewing and service will be held at the Southport Fire Department from 4-7 PM on Saturday , November 6th . 
I sincerely believe that I have the greatest friends anyone could ask for ... ? I am so grateful for you all ? 
What moves through us is a silence , a quiet sadness , a longing for one \ 
more day , one more word , one more touch , we may not understand why you \ 
left this earth so soon , or why you left before we were ready to say \ 
good-bye , but little by little , we begin to remember not just that you \ 
died , but that you lived . And that your life gave us memories too \ 
beautiful to forget . ? 
Candles lit , music on , lights out = chill time . 
No work tomorrow . Now that's the most fabulous thing I've heard in ages . 
Beef's :) 
If you can't control yourself enough to not hock loogies into your hand and wipe them on your pants while you're on the treadmill , do us a favor and don't come to the gym . Take a Sudafed and call it a day YOU FREAKING SICKO ! 
All I wanna do is nothing =( 
That 2 hour nap was a poor choice . Now I'm never gonna fall asleep ! 
It's P-J tiiiiime !!!! 
All day\ 
Staring at the ceiling\ 
Making friends with shadows on my wall\ 
All night\ 
Hearing voices telling me\ 
That I should get some sleep\ 
Because tomorrow might be good for something ... 
Hitting the town for some retail therapy . Where the sales at ??? 
So much tragedy and sadness all around . My heart ? is with everyone who has lost someone . 
All we are is dust in the wind . 
I NEED to see Burlesque !! 
My tummy is on the < PROPMALE > ! I just hope it's not a bug !! 
I haven't had coffee in 4 hours but I still haven't been able to take a nap before doing this overnight ! Aaaaah ! I suppose more coffee couldn't hurt ... 
“Yes , \ 
the spirit of Christmas is alive and well with many loving the Baby \ 
Jesus enough to kick another man’s nads in for an iPod . ” – < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > \ 
on Black Friday ( bahahahaha ! ) 
Project : Nap was an overall success . Gearing up for another overnight ... 
I'm obsessed with every show on the Discovery Health channel . Right now : The Woman With Giant Legs . Channel 66 ! 
I am one of the crazies here at the gym at 5 AM , and I was NOT bound and dragged here . Whooda thought that would ever happen ?? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s new CD is HOTTT 
Been rockin out since 4:45 this morning . Work and then some quality shopping time with < PROPFEMALE > and then dinner at the fabulous < PROPMALE > Evans ! It was a great day but it's def time to call it a mf'n niiiiiight . 
My body and mind are exhausted . I need a vacation . Cabo San < PROPMALE > would be FAB right about now . But I would settle for a massage . 
The best thing about Christmas shopping is that about 75% of the stuff I buy ends up being for me . Guess who's rockin ' a hot new bag !!!! 
I suppose it's bed time ... trying Zumba tomorrow morning ! 
I officially ? Zumba . So I am jumping in the shower , hopefully getting some things done around this place and then heading out to < PROPFEMALE > ! And then ... 
Getting ready for < PROPFEMALE > and I can't find my gloves , AHHHHHHHHH 
The mountains are blueeee !!!!! 
Ranch makes everything fabulous . 
Put your drinks up\ 
It's a celebration every time we link up\ 
We done did everything they could think of\ 
Greatness is what we on the brink of\ 
I wish that I could have this moment 4 life\ 
In this moment , I just feel so alive . -NM 
It is too freaking cold . When is spring coming back ? * whining * 
But ya look so good , it hurts sometimes . 
I am supposed to write down 5 things I am grateful for every day :\ 
1 . My electric heaters\ 
2 . My friends\ 
3 . Love\ 
4 . Glee\ 
5 . Coffee 
Cannot keep my eyes open . I think this antibiotic is kicking me where it counts . 
It's 10 degrees outside and I'm eating ice cream . 
Today I am grateful for :\ 
1 . Puppies\ 
2 . Friends that are family\ 
3 . Not having Furry Tongue\ 
4 . Olay Quench body lotion ! \ 
5 . Redemption 
Making chocolate covered pretzals :) 
Watching Pretty Woman in bed . 
Watching SNL reruns , getting ready for the Wilder family Xmas party !!! 
Xmas party is over . Now going out in the Painted P . I think we're going to the Ramada ? Woop woop . 
Don't let the days go by , glycereeeeeen . 
I fly with the stars in the skies , \ 
I am no longer trying to survive , \ 
I believe that life is a prize , \ 
But to live doesn't mean you're alive . 
weather.com says it's 12 degrees out and feels like -6 ( and I've been out there , it definitely does ) . I need to move down south ; I hate this crap weather ! 
This night just reminds me of- everything they deprived me of . 
Oooooh my bed is so luxurious and warm !! I never wanna leave it . 
Some kind of positive change would be nice right now . 
My Zumba people ditched me big time tonight ... all I gotta say is- Fuego ! Fuego ! The roof is on fire !!! Oh and what's with people getting all bent out of shape when I cut them off in Kmart parking lot ?? Chill out ! You were going like 3 ! 
Taking some time to relax for once in a long time ! Catching up on my DVR'd shows , munching on some cold pizza and chillin on the couch in the jams . 
Should I do anything today ?? Survey says : NO . 
This Jersey Shore marathon has me glued ( don't judge me !! ) So I'm trying to get some cleaning done on the commercial breaks and then a nap before working 11- 5:30 tonight . 
GIANTSSSS !! and then later , STEELERS !!!!!! 
I own my own life . 
It's not your fault , I'm a bitch\ 
I'm a monster . \ 
I'm a beast , and I feast when I conquer . \ 
But I'm alone on my throne ... 
I need to stop biting my lip skin ! 
Getting ready for Zuuuumba ! How crazy is it that I get this excited to work out ??? 
Cause after all the partyin ' and smashin ' and crashin'\ 
And all the glitz and the glam and the fashion\ 
And all the pandemonium and all the madness\ 
There comes a time where you fade to the blackness . 
Not feeling great . Sitting home watching Cops . 
Making the rounds this morning to see the fam . Then work 12-930 . Things cost money so I gotta get some more of it . Have a great day everyone ! 
I'm not your damn milk maid ! 
\I got you all figured out . You need everyone's eyes just to feel seen . Nobody knows who you even are . Who do you think that you are ? \"" 
Time to snuggle up with the love of my life , my pillow . * ? pillow ? * 
I see skanky people ... 
Aghhh ... I just feel like doing nothing ! 
Just took an amaaaaaazing hot shower till the hot water ran out . No work for the next 5 days . Life is pretty fabulous right now . 
Never under-estimate the power of a 3 hour nap . I felt like death earlier and now I feel AMAZING . Anyone volunteering to be a DD for tomorrow night ?? 
This year has been so bittersweet . All I can say is THANK YOU to my friends/loved ones who made the year SO sweet ( outrageously fun and eventful ! ) but who were also there to prop me up when \bitter\ " doesn't begin to describe how bad it was . I love you all and hope you all have a safe and HAPPY New Year !!! " 
It's gonna hurt but I think I'm getting rid of my cable for a while ... it's getting too expensive . 
Okay , the holidays are over . Gas can go back to only a moderately ridiculous price ... any time now . 
I stepped out of my car at the gym and slipped- on a freaking banana peel ! Who does that ?? Those suckers really are slippery though . 
Off work through the weekend with a sinus infection . This is gonna be boring ... I hate being sick . 
Ohhh Jersey Shore starting off with a banG ! I freakin LOVE this show ... 
Oh my gosh , what is this ? I can breath out of my nose again ?? It feels like a whole new world- things have tastes ! I don't sound like a 3-pack a day smoker ! I still feel like I'm hacking up a lung but I'll take what I can get . 
Wegmans , here I come ! I've been rockin the pbj sandies for the last few days but I'm running low on the j . I haven't even looked outside since Thursday ... apparently it snowed . 
OMG , I'm having a love affair with butter cookies . 
WOO !! Green BAYYYYYYYYYYYYY !!!! Only because Vick is a _________ . 
I think I'm getting side bangs ... OMG 
I'm hoping that the snow shovel < PROPFEMALE > visits my house before I wake up in the morning ? 
I feel pretty secure in saying that I hate < PROPFEMALE > Garden commercials more than anything else . 
Yeah , my life a bitch , but you know nothing ' bout her\ 
Been to hell and back , I can show you vouchers . 
Can I get on Intervention for an addiction to office supplies ? They are like crack to me !!!!!!!! 
Watching Fried Green Tomatoes . Boy this brings back memories ... 
STEELERS !!!!!!! 
Alright , the Steelers win has me super pumped ! So I'm goin ' out for some drinkies I think ! 
Catching up on my DVR'd shows and trying to keep warm . It's supposed to be in the negative digits tonight . Brrrrr ! 
\Why are you so sweaty ? \ " \ " I was watching Cops . \"" 
I'm so glad my cat puked in the shape of a heart for me . Happy early Valentines day to me ! 
There are not enough hours in the day !!!!!! 
Finished my taxes . Words cannot express how much I resent having to pay the State of New York $6 . They are waiting until April !! 
So I'm getting ready for Zumba but this freezing weather is killing my motivation !!! I just wanna snuggle up in bed ........ 
The Elliptical = hell on skis . 
Market streeeeet !! 
\Here's to bad ideas ! \ " hahaha " 
It's easier to believe , in this sweet madness ;\ 
Oh this glorious sadness\ 
That brings me to my knees ... \ 
That you're in the arms of the angels . 
STEELERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
2 TD's in 47 seconds ???? Wha ?????? :D 
Rahhhhhhh ! That's riiiight ! Steelers going to 45 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AFC CHAMPS !!!! < PROPMALE > would be SO stoked !!!!!!!!!!! I'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight ... 
-15 ? Do I have to go outside ?? 
\There's only one way to get myself out of here ; I need to cut my arm off with this spork ! \"" 
I'm figuring out that when I find dust bunnies in my cat's whiskers , something somewhere , is probably knocked over or broken . 
Rounding 3rd and then Snooty !! 
Being DD was not quite as fun as not being DD ... Ah well at least everyone is home safe and sound ! Plus I have free entertainment !! 
Meh . 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have amazing friends , put this as your status . ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
Among the things aggravating me today :\ 
1 . People\ 
2 . The snow\ 
3 . My cat dumping my coffee everywhere and taking a dump on the floor\ 
If you are any of these things , stay far away . 
Stuck in the ice . Twice . Thank god for that neighbor guy . Let's get this day started ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Pancakes !!!!!! 
I may be bad , but I'm perfectly good at it :) 
Holmes Plate . Word . 
The neighbor kids are icicle-hunting around my apartment windows so I'm hearing things like \You only use the shower to pee ! \ " Good times . " 
Let's do it black and yellow !!!! 
Who the hell knows ? 
This weather sucks a bag of dicks . 
Holmes Plate . Again . 
Playing around on my new Droid ( its called the Incredible for a reason !!! ) getting ready to work 5- 9:30 at the good old PC ! Then who knows ... 
It's so hard for me to see people I care about settling for less that what they deserve . There comes a time when you need to respect yourself and move on . 
\I'ma live life right now man and this what I'ma do till it's over . It's far from over ... \"" 
Subway is trying to sabotage me . Damn them and their free cookie day ! How do you say no to a free oatmeal raisin ?? 
Wouldn't it be nice if < PROPFIRST>'s day was about LOVE ? And not about bragging about what people buy for you ? Not hatin ' just sayin ' ... * smooches * 
Only yesterday was the time of our lives . 
Watching Precious . Damn . 
Oh my lord ... southport banquet after party . Here we go ... 
I think u might bust out some shopping before this snow hits ... mama needs some new shoes ! And maybe some jeans . And maybe a purse ... ;) 
Working 6-11 . Then maybe I'll see about catching up on some sleep . Then getting my hair did by the lovely and talented @ < PROPFEMALE > Wilder Kollhoff ! Can't wait !!!! 
Aniellos Hawaiian pizza with Bry . YUM . 
Made a wrong turn , once or twice\ 
Dug my way out , blood and fire\ 
Bad decisions , that's alright\ 
Welcome to my silly life\ 
Mistreated , misplaced , misunderstood\ 
Miss ' No way , it's all good ' , it didn't slow me down . \ 
Mistaken , always second guessing , underestimated\ 
Look , I'm still around . 
This weather is making me EFFing miserable ! 
Whatever genius architect decided that my eaves troughs should drain onto my sidewalk deserves a kick to the head . 
I'm SO thirsty ! So I'm heading to Beef's , of course !! 
My only problem is their insecurity ... gotta love Jlo ! 
Hangover food of choice : bacon & egg croissant from Dunkin . Amazing . Okay now I'm ready to re-shovel my driveway and walkways for the third time . I'm really starting to hate living in the crotch of NYS . 
The new Gaga video is ba-na-nas !!! Like , on another LEVEL . You never know what that woman will do next . ? her ! 
Nothing makes sense . So why bother ? 
Just love yourself and you're set ! 
Coordinating services !!! Rahhhhr !!! 
When will I stop uploading photos of my cats and get a life ? 
Getting ready for the staff party ... 
\Ooh nah nah .. \ " Good times . Watching Walk the Line in bed cuz I'm not tired ... ? this movie . " 
I would probably visit with my father more if he wasn't always telling me about his \prostrate\ " and such . " 
To finish shoveling now or to finish shoveling in the morning ? That is the question ... 
Excellent way to get yourself really pissed off : call social security for ANYTHING . 
\I keep a close watch on this heart of mine . I keep my eyes wide open all the time ... \"" 
Damn all of Southside is shut down ... 
Everything that glitter ain't gold . 
I'm a cranky bear this morning . Grrrroooowwwwlllll . 
Where is the love ? 
Work till 930 then hopefully some fun later !! 
Sometimes I feel like I deserve a better life than this . I work hard , I'm there for people when they need me . But I feel like I'm always just standing alone . 
I spent most of the night dreaming about shopping . So I'm about to make that dream come true . Ohhhhh snap ! ;) 
Bite my tongue for no one , call me evil ... or unbelievable . ~ Notorious ? 
Trying to get to sleep . Failing miserably . Hate this insomnia BS ! 
Cereal for dinner . DIVA !! 
Na-na na-na boo-boo , stick your head in doo-doo , I get to stay up longer than you do because I have a 4 day weekend . Rahhh !!! :p 
What a freaking GORGEOUS day !!! Hopefully having some fun at 2300° later ! 
Say ahhhhh 
Take care , brush ya hair . 
If spring can take the snow away , can it melt away all our mistakes ? 
I turn my head to the east , I don't see nobody by my side\ 
I turn my head to the west , still nobody in sight\ 
So I turn my head to the north , swallow that pill that they call pride\ 
That old me's dead and gone , but the new me will be alright . 
So much to do today . Mostly cleaning and organizing this hole I call my apartment . Boo . Blaring some Gaga and putting in some weRk !!! 
You are more transparent than you will ever know . Honesty is the best way to go . 
Antique Roadshow makes 35 minutes on the elliptical go by so much faster . I love it when their crap is worth nothing ! Bwahahaha ! 
No good deed goes unpunished . 
Where's my beautiful life ? 
I know we've got it good\ 
But they got it made\ 
And the grass is getting greener each day . 
Getting ready to photograph my first wedding that's not for family or friend . Excited but nervous ! 
Don't drive slower , drive smarter . That's what I say ... 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping , or whom we have carried but never met or those we have held but could not take home , or the ones that came home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby ... 
Watching burlesque . Getting goosebumps off this Cher/Xtina combo . 
Every good opportunity has a shelf life ... 
Bored and thirsty . Anyone have any suggestions ? ;) 
Just stopped at Walmart for a few things . The freaks do indeed come out at night . Omg . 
Ready for a change ! 
