Congrats to all my girls who graduated from South Meck today !!! You didn't see me but I saw you !!! 

I am sooooo glad to be off for two days !!!! 
I hope the days ahead get brighter ... This storm just won't let the sun shine through , It seems to be lasting a \life-time\ " ... uggg " 
another day ... hopefully another dollar ... that's what it's all about , I guess !! 
be so glad when next tues . comes around and i get a day off !!! 
off to work again ... day 12 two more to go !!! 
ok finished with day 13 one more to go and damn why'd it have to be a double ??? 
AHHH a day off FINALLY !!! going to get my hair cut and start packing 
First day off went way too fast !!! Now it's time for the second YAY ! 
home bout to hit the sheets soon !!! i wish this dang migrane stuff would go away forever !!!! 
Happy Fourth Day of July In this year of 2009 ! 
hmm i don't know what to think right now ??? is it me or their excuses ??? why can't things just be back to normal ??? gotta go to work now !!! 
Have so many things to do , have so many things to do ... where to start where to start ??? hmmmm 
AHHH two days off ... Darn I gotta finish moving ... :) and ;( 
So finished with one day of chores ... than tomorrow comes the heavy stuff ... I wish people would help when I ask , I know it's not fun but I would so do it for those who ask , when your friend or family is need You shouldn't turn your back ... I've done a lot 
almost done three pieces of furniture left ... 
AHHH so I'm finally moved :) Thank you to all who helped !!! pretty tired now awww my bed ! 
just woke up from a peaceful nap ... everything is fine , i will see you all in a few days at work , thanks for the calls ... i will be busy for couple days ! 
i don't have enough space here to tell anyone what is on my mind !!! 
YAYAYYAYAYAY got my internet back hello everyone !!! And Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
really doesn't want to get up early in the morning !!!! 
Another long day and I really don't wanna get up in the morning and go to work !!! BOOO :( but gotta do it so goodnight all !! 
at work on < PROPFEMALE>'s computer ... what a boring day it was busy this morning though hopefully i'll get some more business tomorrow morning !!!! 
I know it's only pre-season but damn did i just get to see the Steelers whoop some < PROPFEMALE > butt be prepared for some pictures soon .... LOVE IT GO STEELERS !!!! 
just another long day ... very tired about to head to bed reeeeaaaalllly early ! 
GO STEELERS ... nice miss on the field goal titans ... i yelled so loud i scared my dog ... 
nice block and fabulous touchdown !!! 
PINK you rock !!!! That was awesome !!! 
And Beyonce what a woman you are !!! That was spectacular ! 
Happy Birthday to two of my favorite girls !!! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! < PROPFEMALE > Daniels < PROPFEMALE > Litaker 
doing laundry and playing with puppies !!! 
What are friends ? Friends are people that you think are your friends But they're really your enemies , with secret indentities and disguises , to hide their true colors So just when you think you're close enough to be brothers they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin 
Off work now and trying to rest ... I wish some people would just give their mouths a rest ... Don't worry it's not anybody reading this !!! 
AHHHH finally a day off tomorrow !!! But boooo only one ... 
Ok so going to look for a job today !!!! Yay ! ( at least it's nice outside ) 
What a beautiful day today ! 
What a beautiful day out again today !!! And day by day life is getting better and more positive ! 
AHHH what another longgggg weekend at good ol park place !!! 
three more days !!!!!!! yay !!!!!! 
My Sunday off and it's COLLLLDDDD !!!! brrrrrrr 
Yay ! Thanks everyone for all my birthday wishes ! I hope you all enjoyed my day as much as I did ! :))))) 
“If I were asked to give what I consider the single most useful bit of advice for all humanity it would be this : Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life and when it comes , hold you head high , look it squarely in eye and say , ' I will be bigger than you . You cannot defeat me . ' ” 
Life is a compromise of what your ego wants to do , what experience tells you to do , and what your nerves let you do . Do the best you can , and be good to yourself so that you can above all be good to others ! 
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . 
Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while , so that we can see Life with a clearer view again . ” 
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option ! 
You can give all the gifts in the world to the one you have chosen , but the everlasting one will always remain the deed of a kind word 
Any fool can know . The point is to understand . 
Risk ! Risk anything ! Care no more for the opinion of others , for those voices . Do the hardest thing on earth for you . Act for yourself . Face the truth . 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the people I cannot change , the courage to change the one I can , and the wisdom to know it's me . 
If you're not confused , you're not paying attention !!! 
Often people attempt to live their lives backwards ; they try to have more things , or more money , in order to do more of what they want , so they will be happier . The way it actually works is the reverse . You must first be who you really are , then do what you need to do , in order to have what you want . 
What a beautiful morning !... First congrats to < PROPFEMALE > ( so proud of you my love) ! And than some birthday wishes to some of my favorite people ! Start with < PROPFIRST > happy birthday love ! Than my SEXY beastS ! Fletch and < PROPMALE > you know I love you two ! And than my favorite sister < PROPFEMALE > !!! Happy birthday weekend all and congrats again < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I so enjoyed my beautiful morning and got the things done I needed too !!! Now off to work and hopefully make some money this evening !!! 
Yay Me !!! This is day three nicotine free !!!!! I think I finally quit !!!! Just need to keep pushing I think after 3-5 days I'll be really good but today is super hard ! 
R.I.P. ADYSON ... barely two and died by drowning !!! please say a prayer for the family they are in pain noone can imagine right now !!! 
< PROPMALE > slaw , empty containers , straw wrappers and all ... you got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car ! * shady * 
It's odd that you can get so anesthetized by your own pain or your own problem that you don't quite fully share the hell of someone close to you . I remember when I was in such pain it made me angry , I am thankful that now I am a beautiful , strong , and loving woman ! 
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best , night and day , to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight ; and never stop fighting . It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are . 
And again that anesthetizing feeling is coming back ... Just when I thought things were getting better ! I will apologize now for not answering your phone calls or comments ... I can feel my smile fading I hate this feeling yet again its just annoying ... 
I had a nice chat with a special girl after work today ! It is exactly what I needed ... someone with genuinity to listen without a biased judgement and I just wanted to say THANK YOU ! You know who you are and as soon as I got home I kept my promise to you ! Thank you again ... you made my heart smile with your compassion ! 
Women are like phones .... We LOVE to be held talked to , but if you press the wrong button you will be disconnected !!! 
I hope everyone has a HAPPY , SAFE , FUNTASTIC NEW YEARS < PROPFEMALE > ! And a wonderful 2011 ! :) 
I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant .... Sometimes I'm confused by what I think is really obvious . But what I think is really obvious obviously isn't obvious ... 
Choose very wisely whom you call upon to be your friends ... your real friends ... and don't ever take for granite a true person and a true friend that keeps their word through some of the toughest circumstances ! You'll never understand my heart so you will never understand how very much it means to me ! 
When things feel right , they usually are ! You probably won't know it at the time , but < PROPFEMALE > really does come back to reward you . So if it feels right do it ... It might hurt at the time but it will come back to make you smile ... I am smiling right now ! :) 
Flies spread disease ! --- Keep yours Zipped ! 
SMILE :) 
WORD that bitch mad that I took the spot ... Well bitch if you aint shittin then get off the pot ! 
Let men tremble to win the hand of woman , unless they win along with it the utmost passion of her heart ! Else it may be their miserable fortune , when some mightier touch than their own may have awakened all her sensibilities , to be reproached even for the calm content , the marble image of happiness , which they will have imposed upon her as the warm reality . ~ The < PROPFEMALE > Letter 
~ Better to be poor and honest than to be dishonest and a fool . ~ \ 
~ The truth is such a rare thing , it is delightful to tell it . ~ 
Alright Pittsburgh Steelers ... Mentally Prepare ... GO for it ... U can do it ... 
The question for each man to settle is not what he would do if he had means , time , influence and educational advantages ; the question is what he will do with the things he has . The moment a young man ceases to dream or to bemoan his lack of opportunities and resolutely looks his conditions in the face , and resolves to change them , he lays the corner-stone of a solid and honorable success . ~ Hamilton Wright Mabie 
All I can say about \Forgetting < PROPFIRST > Mathers\ " ... is BEAUTIFUL .... BEAUTIFUL IRONY ... " 
Cause Bitches knew as soon as they saw me ... It's never me they'll get the priveledge to know ... I roll like a desperado , and I don't ever know where I'm gonna go ... Still I ball like there's no tomorrow ... Until it's over and it's all she wrote all she wrote all she wrote ... until its over and it's all she wrote ... forgetting < PROPFIRST > Mathers mmm I love some Eminem ... 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day world ! Now come to < PROPFEMALE > Garden and SPEND your money ... * that means tip your server !!!! * 
Every morning I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in < PROPFEMALE > . If I'm not there , I go to work and school . 
OK PEOPLE ... LISTEN UP ... I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO SERIOUS IN MY LIFE ... ( and as we all know I am too serious !, anyway)HOLY SHIT EMINEM IS PERFORMING AT BONOROO THIS YEAR ... DO YOU HEAR ME ... I HAVE NEVER WANTED ANYTHING MORE IN MY LIFE BEFORE NOW , THAN TO GO TO BONOROO THIS YEAR ... I THINK I AM HAVING A HEART ATTACK ! 
This weather ... It's beautiful ... I just wanna lay in the sun and smile ... 
Hello world ! I hope everyone has a beautiful day !... Smile :) 
< PROPFEMALE > <3 
What a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day ! <3 
Smile everybody ! Just Smile ! and if you don't feel like it try ! <3 
<3 The hardest thing you can do is smile when you are ill , in pain , or depressed . But this no-cost remedy is a necessary first half-step if you are to start on the road to recovery . <3 
