Relaxing after a hectic week ! 

Happy New Year !! Cheers to a much better 2011 ! 
Movies with < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! Getting some much needed r&r . :D 
< PROPMALE>'s 4th BDay Today ! :) < PROPMALE > E Cheese Tomorrow !!! 
< PROPMALE>'s Birthday Party at 2 today ! But of course it has to storm AGAIN :( 
Happy Birthday Dad ! Have a great day off work !! 
Outta school ! Hmm got more homework today ... im starting to notice a trend in all my classes ... give as much homework as possible :( 
Wow made it a whole year !! Happy Anniversary Sweety :) \ 
@} ; — 
Happy 4th Everyone ! 
If u have a wonderful man , who works hard to take care of u , would do anythingfor u , who makes u laugh , is your best friend , who wants to grow old with u , will always pick u up when you're down , who is your worldand someone that you're thankful for , then post this to your status .? 
You make me smile like the sun , fall out of bed , sing like a bird , dizzy in my head , spin like a record , CrAzY on a Sunday night ! You make me dance like a fool , forget how to breathe , shine like gold , buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > , Just the thought of you can drive me WiLd ! OH , YOU MAKE ME SMILE ! :) 
I wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of u today , but that is nothing new . I thought about u yesterday , and days before that too . I think of u in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a ... keepsake , from which I'll never ... part . God has u in his arms ... I have u in my ? ~ Re-post if u love someone in heaven ! 
IF YOU HAVE A MOM WHO HAS MADE YOU LAUGH , WIPED YOUR TEARS , HUGGED YOU TIGHT , WATCHED YOU SUCCEED , SEEN YOU FAIL , CHEERED YOU ON AND KEPT YOU STRONG .... REMEMBER MOM'S ARE A PROMISE FROM GOD THAT YOU WILL HAVE A FRIEND FOREVER !!!!! I LOVE MY MOM !! PUT THIS ON YOUR STATUS IF YOU LOVE AND APPRECIATE YOUR MOM .... MOMMY U R MY #1 SUPPORTER IN LIFE U HAVE MADE BEING ME POSSIBLE !!!! <3 
Been a long day ... time to relax and watch Inspector Gadget with < PROPMALE > :) 
On our way to Indy today ... roadtrip ! Going to see my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPFIRST > with the family and my dad :) 
Thank You EVERYONE for the Birthday Wishes !!! I had a great day :D 
Went to open house at < PROPFEMALE>'s preschool today . She is SO ready to go , she played alot and didn't want to leave :D 
TGIF !! 2 Week break from school ! Glad for the break except I have to clean out my front closet :( Its a total mess . 
Girly movie night with < PROPFEMALE > ! Can't wait <3 
Without God our week would be : Sinday , Mournday , Tearsday , Wasteday , Thirstday , Fightday , Shatterday . 
Well first day of preschool was a success .... except for when I dropped < PROPFEMALE > off and she did not want to let me go :( Broke my <3 . Unfortunantly I couldn't even get any pics so I will try again on Thursday ! 
Thinking about having a Discovery Toy Party at my house sometime . Would anybody be interested in seeing what they have ?? I guess we even get to play with the toys !! LoL let me know so I can see if I even want to have it . ( Also let me know if you have seen their stuff before and if you like it THANKS ) 
SOOO bored in math class :( 
Long day today . But then my \weekend\ " begins ! :D " 
Been a great week so far ! < PROPFEMALE > rode the bus for the first time today , was scared at first but loved it when she came home :D I got 2 awards at school ( Perfect Attendance & High Honors 4.0 ) Then going to Bremen Bounce on Saturday ! Cant Wait <3 
< PROPFEMALE > 
<3 beautiful nites ! 
I like it on the counter best ;) 
Had a great time w/ great friends last nite :D 
Monday already ?! Wow weekend flew by .... math class tonight ughh . 
Got some much needed R&R today ! You have to love all the movies on Netflix :D 
TGIF !! It has been a super long and hard week . Ready for some much needed relaxation with the kids :) 
Hangin with my bestie !! Prolly be dorks and watch Law and Order all night :D 
And in the end , it's not the years in your life that count . It's the life in your years . \ 
~ Abraham < PROPMALE > 
Can't wait for tomorrow not only is it Friday , but im going out with my girls !! This should be interesting LoL ! 
On a date with my girl mandee at roadhouse lmao ! 
Ahh got sum much needed sleep . 
Dear brain , Why must you always stay up so late .. especially when i have to get up early and had a super long day today ? Grrr 
One class down ... one super BORING class to go :P 
SO cold ... i just wana curl up under a blanket and have movie night ... but have to run run run . 
Tornado siren in goshen ? WTH ! 
Run here clean this , run there clean that ... will the madness ever end ? Whew on the bright side of it all i've finaly lost those last couple pounds lol ! 
Ahh life is great :D 
To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all . 
La de la de dahhh ... just happy today for no special reason at all :D gota <3 these days 
You know , sum1 actually complimented my driving today . I came out to my car and found a paper on the windshield that said Parking Fine . 
Its SNOWING !! Its so beautiful , i cant wait for more ! Wow this Friday just couldnt get any better :D 
Holy crap ! Mishawaka is getting tons of snow ! Guess the day could get better lol . 
Bring on the fun times and people !! 
Life is a big blank book , we choose the story that enters it ! 
Wow , amazing weather today ! Perfect day to rake leaves ... if only i had a rake lol 
... if its cold outside , show the world the warmth of your smile ... Name that tune anyone ? :D 
Nap time :) 
Ok who was it that sold their soul to the devil for this heat wave in november ?? So not cool . It should be snowing ! 
Had a blast last night ! :) 
Great day today ! Very productive <3 
Crappy day today :( Too many classes and not enough play . Make my smile go away . 
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains , because the average man can see better than he can think ! :D 
Had a blast this weekend , thanks to all my GREAT friends ! :D 
Happy Turkey Day Everyone !!! 
I <3 lazy movie days ! 
\Well somethings gotta go wrong ' cause I'm feelin ' way too damn good ! \ " ~ Nickelback :D " 
There should be a better way to start the day than waking up every morning . 
Wow , where has my break from classes went ? This week is just flying ... 
Oh what to do , what to do ? Too many choices not enough time lol ! :D 
Weekends are wayyyy to short , especially when you have a full day of classes on Monday :( 
Nothing like a long drive home after a super long day ... NOT ! But at least we made it home safe , we saw lots of accidents and slide offs tonight . Be safe every1 . 
Some believe in < PROPFEMALE > , and some believe in faith . Well I believe that happiness is something we create !! ~ Sugarland <3 :D 
#909 ~ Where do I begin ?? You are an extremely well rounded person ! You havn't been in my life for long but already I consider you one of my best buds ! I can have an intelligent conversation with you one minute , and playing darts for \shots\ " the next ! ( Which I so kicked your butt :D ) I hope we get a lotttt more time to spend together 
#69 ~ I cannot believe we have known each other since I was ... what ? 15 I think ! (Working at DQ lol ) You have always been a solid friend , I can count on you for anything ! Everytime we < PROPFEMALE > out I know its going to be a blast , cuz you can make ANYTHING fun lol ! Like a tow strap , truck , and a mailbox LMAO !! There are too many memories to mention that I will remember for the rest of my life :D 
#1 ~ Your number is correct ! You have and always will be my number one girly :) Oh my , we have had such a great 10 year friendship ! We have been down , but definitely have had our UPS ! You are always there for me no matter what , and I can tell you anything and everything ! I'm so glad we have this < PROPMALE > to get really close again :D I <3 you sis !!! BTW we totally have to start planning our 10 year anniversary hahaha 
#6694 ~ OMG ... you are amazing ! I havn't known you that long but you will be my friend forever !! We connected instantly , and have been \tearing up the town\ " together ever since !! I look forward to our every other weekend adventures :D We definitely need to get back on our Thursday pong routine lol ! I <3 you girl !! " 
< PROPFEMALE > is eating , and eating , and eating baby food . Lol I think she is trying to make up for lost time !! :D My baby girl is getting SO big <3 
I <3 being in the Christmas spirit !! :D 
Oh my , is it a bad thing that shopping can brighten my whole day ?? 
Its official , tonsillitis it is . OUCH ... plz just kill me now :( 
Feeling much better today !! Still have my sore throat but after two days of sleeping ... I finally have my energy back :D 
I'm going to club B.E.D. feat DJ Blanky and MC Pillow ... nighty night all 
Why do things have to be so difficult ??? Wish I could just snap my fingers and make everything perfect :( 
... is putting the pro into procrastination ! 
... is experiencing life at a rate of several wtf's a minute . 
if life throws you lemons ... bring out the < PROPFEMALE > !!! Hahaha 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Have a safe and happy holiday :) 
is too positive to be doubtful , too optimistic to be fearful & too determined to be defeated ! 
In 1910 I bet people thought that in 2010 we would have flying cars and robots . But no , the biggest fads were shaped rubber-bands and backwards robes . :D 
I <3 being right ... just sayin'! :D 
\ ... your cooler than the flip side of my pillow ! \"" 
not sure what to do first ... polish the angel halo or buff out the devil horn ... well I think I'll do both ! TGIF !!! 
Yippee !! Snowed in :D 
\All you need to know about men and women : women are crazy 
Sooo bored in math class . I swear we learned this stuff in elementary school ugghhh 
Why do people ask \What the hell were you thinking ? \ " Obviously I was thinking I was going to get away with it and not have to explain it . O: -) Haha " 
Can't wait till its nap time ... 
... is going to a place where im skinny , < PROPMALE > , and have a hot man who does only what I say bahah . Gotta <3 dreamland , Night all ! 
TGIF !!! 
Had a blast last night ! Now I can't wait for tonight :D 
<3 ' d my bff's bday party !!! 
Ugghh ! Being sick really sucks :( 
How come doctors and scientists can't cure the common cold or flu but Lysol can kill 99% of the germs that cause them ? Hmmm 
Definitely ... Tequila !!! :) 
Regrets , I've had plenty . Memories , I've had millions . Smiles , I've had trillions , but having you all as my friends has been the best thing in my life !!! I <3<3<3 you allllllll :D 
Wow today totally sucked . My car is totaled ... but at least everyone is fine . 
It isn't how high you climb , nor how far you go ... the true measure of a person is how high you bounce after you fall , and whether or not you land on your feet . :D 
thinks there should be five days of \weekend\ " and two days of \ " week \"." 
Monday ... need I say more ?? 
In the end ... what we regret most , are the chances we never took !! 
I don't have to be me till monday ! Thursday , friday , Saturday , sundayyyy ... i'm gonna escape reality <3 
OMG ... now somebody just hit my rental tonight . They say things come in 3's but they better be wrong . Ironicly it was exactly a week after my last crash . 
Wow , life is definitely a rollercoaster ! Have I mentioned , I love rollercoasters ?! :) 
Im getting stir crazy already ... just knowing I can't leave the house , makes me want to lol . 
I was taking < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > to their dad's house and out of nowhere < PROPMALE > says \chicken nuggets are only a $1 ? Holy cow I thought they were $2 ! \ " Lol " 
This week flew by ! Guess time flies when your having fun :D 
They are going to fix my car !! Allstate is the best :) 
Holy cow , < PROPFEMALE > just ate a whole bowl of dry cereal !! That's the first time she has ever ate solid food :D 
It's funny how you can do nice things for people all the time and they never notice . But once you make 1 mistake it's never forgotten ! 
If winning isn’t everything why do they keep score ? \ 
Lets goooooo STEELERS !!! 
FINALLY !!! Keep it up :) 
Should have just left Fergie's mic off ..... 
Come on steelers ! It's bad enough you let them intercept the ball , over and over again , but do you really have to let them score too ??? 
Ughhhh , really ? Steelers gave that game away ... 
Dear mind , \ 
For once , I just want to be able to go bed at a normal time ! Is that too much to ask ?? Obviously it is .... because im STILL up . :( 
needs MORE sleep 
Live with the moment ! Laugh with your friends ! Love what you've got and remember what you've learned along the way . 
Today is a new day .. time for great new things .. time for the past to be the past .. time for the future to take place ! 
I would like the opportunity to prove that winning the lottery would NOT ruin my life ! :)) 
Busy , busy , busy .... now its time for a little fun ! Then work early in the morning . 
is feeling kinda supercalifragilisticexpialidocious today ! :) 
I had a blast last night ! :D 
Work in the a . m ..... ughhhh I hate Mondays 
<3 Happy Valentines Day !! <3 
WTH ?! I went to bed at 5 pm lol . 
If I stand on my tiptoes I think I can actually see the weekend !! 
Woah .... Friday can not be here soon enough . Can't wait !! 
Nothing better than snugglin with my kiddos in our pj's! Especially when I know I don't have to get up early for work tomorrow :))) 
2nd place ain't so bad at the euchre party ! Now time for some zzz's before the kids come home tomorrow :) 
Movie Day !!! 
If you don't like me , that's ok\ 
I ain't gonna let it wreck my day\ 
I keep stylin ' , smilin ' , handin ' out the sunshine ! <3 
Brrrrrr ! It is so cold at my job today , im still trying to find my frozen hands :( 
Mhmm chili's is the BEST !! 
Work flew by !! Now tonight should be fun :))) 
Whoever said \The freaks come out at night\ " has obviously never seen Walmart during the day . " 
Its Monday and im surprisingly wide awake ! Today is gonna be a good day :) 
The best things in life are free <3 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > is running a fever today :( I hope she feels better soon . 
So < PROPFEMALE > has pneumonia :( Poor girl has to stay at the hospital tonight . 
Well < PROPFEMALE > and me are on our second night at the hospital . I hope she starts feeling better soon ! 
Going home today ! Soooo happy my little girl is feeling better ... I even got a couple smiles today :) 
So happy , with EVERYTHING ! :D 
Wow , what a weekend ! Hope there are more like this to come :) 
One word to describe it all : AMAZING !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is not always bad ! Im glad that all my nice deeds are finally paying off , and im getting the great things I deserve !! 
Bowling :D 
A night with my BFF is just what I needed ! 
knows that things may never be the same , but maybe one day they'll be even better ! 
Happy ! :) 
The sun is shinin ' and im smilin'! 
This time change is really messing up my sleeping pattern . Oh well , time for some good sleep tonight ! 
Got past Monday , now bring on Tuesday ! 
Had a great day today ! Got some good sleep last night and was in a silly mood all day :D It feels good to have days like that again ! 
Oh sunshine how I've missed you so ! Glad to have you back :) 
Why does it feel so right , yet its so complicated ?!? Guess nothing with big rewards comes easily . 
Its so nice out , I wanna go swimming ... now if I only had a pool haha ! 
I sure hope my < PROPMALE > charming is nice and strong ... cuz he has a lot of walls to knock down ... and some more just went up . 
FRIDAY !!! Where the heck have you been ?? 
Great day today ! Shopping , grandpas 80th bday party , grilled food , and movie night ! Doesn't get much better than that :D 
You will be amazed , when you find strength , at your weakest moment ! :D 
Movies with < PROPFEMALE > and the kiddos !! 
Monday , and im awake and on time ! I would say that's an achievement :D 
Three hours of sleep is definitely not enough ... 
I wake up and the first thought in my mind is you :D .. That is if I actually get 2 sleep and did not stay up all night wishing you were here . 
9 hours of sleep ? Yes please !! I feel like a brand new person :D 
Cant wait for tomorrow !!! Make up my mind once and for all :) 
Yummm ! Hacienda :D 
Oh my my my 
Ughh drama is meaningless ... 
The sun is deceiving today BRRR 
Gotta <3 Targets $1 bins ! I got the kids some cute surprises :D Can't wait to see them ! 
... is going MIA from facebook until further notice 
Payday Friday !!! Now I remember why I go to work :) 
Off to the circus today !! 
* My time to shine * 
There is something so refreshing about a newly cleaned home ! 
The movies megamind and switch are great ! :D 
Do what makes you happy , be with the ones who make you smile :) laugh as much as you breathe & love as long as you live ! 
Today I just feel thankful for everything , the good and bad ! 
So excited for tonight and this weekend ! I know , I know its only Wednesday and already im talking about the weekend lol ! 
