Loves her friends so much ! Keep yourselves happy and hydrated but out of jail tonight ! 

\If you saw me in a police car what would you think I got arrested for ? \ " .. leave your answers below . " 
Ever notice how it's a < PROPFEMALE > for your thoughts , yet you put in your two-cents ? Someone is making a < PROPFEMALE > on the deal ! 
Trust me , when I woke up today I had no plans to be brilliant but shit happens . 
Why doesn't superglue stick to the inside of the tube ? 
Is so white , she glows in the dark ! LOL 
Life is like photography ... you can't develop without the negatives 
Wounded little children that always have to be right and rub people's noses in it and then grow up to be annoying \I'm right\ " adults suck " 
we didn't obtain technology and spreadsheets for people to continually ask questions that they can get the answers to on their own ... 
loves to read status updates like \I'm really bored\ " and \ " I'm at work right now\ " . Good stuff . Keep me posted ... thanks ! " 
... I got nothing :( check back later 
FACT : Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour 
wonders why do psychics have to ask you for your name ? 
isn't saying there should be a capital punishment for stupidity , but why don't we just take the safety labels off everything and let the problem solve itself ? 
I really really want some caffiene and food waaah ! 
See this is why I don't nap during the day ... I'm not used to being up and restless 
And it's quiz time ... 
Seriously can't painkillers work faster ... It's gettin pretty miserable ... 
Ah ha ha ha my son just took my how well do you know me quiz and got a pitiful 48% ! He knew my favorite alcohol but not my favorite ice cream ! LMAO ! 
We are free we are free ! 
Thanks for the offer to drive me Crazy ... but I can walk ... 
working on the weeked blows ... 
I finally know the meaning of \because I said so ! \ " and childrens benadryl :) " 
What is with radio these days ?! It's such shit now there is hardly ever music on , it's the MTV syndrome ... Ahhh back in the day when radio played music and MTV played music videos 
OMG ! Do you think anyone would notice if I fell face first onto my desk and went to sleep ?? Starbucks ... Starbucks ... 
Just laying around gearing up to work , watching < PROPFEMALE > play ... she is so amazing and beautiful I never get tired of this ... 
thinks wouldn't it be great if people treated others as they wanted to be treated themselves ... 
UGH ... 
The trouble with life is , you're halfway through it before you realize it's a do-it-yourself thing . 
Soooo Ready to get out of here and go ... It's 5 somewhere right ?? 
Wonders : Can I trade this job for what's behind door #1 ?? Grrrr .... 
Ok again there are just some things that facebook should not be used for ! Keep it to yourself people ! 
What is with my body ??! It's always giving me shit now after a night of drinking and I didn't even drink that much What The Hell ! 
So it's looking like it will be a late night anyone wanna stay up with me LOL 
Bumping music and singing along loudly to assist me in my venture to stay up late and catch up ... 
I've decided not to drink anymore , but on the other hand I've decided not to drink any less ! 
needs a Facebook button that says \What you just posted makes me want to kick you in the ass . \ " Put it beside the \ " Like\ " button . Just a suggestion . " 
Finally it's my turn to make the visit and since it is at the coast where it's 70 degrees i think i can make the sacrifice :) sooo looking forward to a mini break ... I'll think of you while I'm there Ms Gerten ! 
Back home from a roller coaster weekend ... it's wierd ... somewhat looking forward to getting back to my routine ... 
promises to be nicer if you promise to be smarter ... 
Being hungry at 10pm sucks ... it's no bueno ... 
admits that it bothers her to have to press 1 for English 
If you always give 100% but still get screwed what's the point ?? I love my job , I love my job , I love my job ... Hmmmm still not working ... 
Just working the day away what else is new ... 
Okay < PROPMALE > was just laughing and all of a sudden I heard this deep man voice coming from my boy ! OMG this is just crazy he was just a little guy wasn't he ?? 
Coup d’Etat will be unleashed soon baby ! Chima can suck it ! 
is bilingual . she speaks English and sarcasm 
There is cookies and ice cream in my house and I bypassed them , exercised and then ate green beans ! Somebody give me a prize ! 
whew coming down now ... 
And in 7 hours the Big Brother drama will begin ! 
I am a very proud gung ho American and the military is beyond words amazing for what they do but oh what a price we pay sometimes ... 
If you want results they're not coming for free ... 
< PROPMALE > worries me ... So many things can go wrong with a little body that we wouldn't know about ... 
.... apparently the skinny bitch inside needs more exercise ... I'm just hoping one day she decides to make an appearance :) 
< PROPMALE > just stripped < PROPFEMALE>'s Barbies because he \wanted to see what they looked like under there \"" 
Ugh why can't I focus today ! 
Do I really have to be all shiny in every picture of myself ? Really ! What is with the shiny curse ? 
Seriously what is with my memory ! Why do I have so much missing and have to play 21 questions with my friends to fill in the blanks of my adolesence ??? 
so boys don't have to wear shirts because their pimples on their chest are not like girls ' pimples just a FYI 
Another FYI from the profound center of < PROPMALE>'s mind ... If you're a boy and your're mexican you don't have to brush your hair because you have mexican hair 
Ummm did I mention that < PROPFIRST > Bana is hot , hot and oh yeah hot :) 
the mind is all over the place this morning ... lots of things to think about 
If I don't laugh I just might cry or go crazy ! 
Feels like I'm going 100 mph constantly ... so could use a crazy night out just to be crazy :) 
Really ... Seriously ... Crazy ... 
I have been up since before 5am and can I tell you it is just too early for some things ... Fuck ! 
Figures that if it wasn't for the gutter , my mind would be homeless 
Well I should've been a grocery store owner because those fools always take sooo much of my money ... Can you say bend over and take it up the a@% ... 
Some friends are sooo on to you even though you have your front up ... 
Loves the peeps she works with ... Well most of them anyways some are questionable ... 
people and circumstances suck lately ... 
Doesn't mind going to work , it's the 8 hours until I leave that bothers me . 
Laughter is the closest distance between two people 
I don't remember being run over with a truck in my sleep ... 
It's dark skies and a little < PROPFEMALE > and I didn't melt when I went outside , fall is coming ! I love it ! 
I just love doing other people's work it really warms my heart ... 
Dreams are a funny thing ... Between that and germs it was a long night 
forgot her < PROPFEMALE > ball today , so you're gonna need to be more specific !... 
I could really really use some good beer and maybe an extraciricular activity ... 
I'm not really interested in behaving .... 
No seriously my big ass was not made for some things ... 
Does whatever the Rice Krispies tells me to do ... 
Is currently unsupervised :) 
Here's an excerpt from my horoscope LOL !! ... < PROPFEMALE > is strong for you right now , Aries , and this can work well for you in matters of the heart . You are craving anything that will give you immediate or long term pleasure . 
So I walk into the hall only to find pretty much every pair of panties from my drawer strewn about the hallway ... 
I'm not just in the Notty Box I AM the Notty Box ... 
I'LL BITE THIS COULD BE ENTERTAINING WITH MY FRIENDS ... FB EXPERIMENT : Leave a one-word comment you think best describes me good or bad just be honest . It can only be one word , no more . Then , copy and paste this in your status so I may leave a word about you . Keep it going ... lots of fun and eye-opening . 
Working hard or hardly working ... A long couple of nights ahead of me for my playing 
Holy shit it's a whole 75 degrees outstide please please for the love of God turn on the air conditioning in here I'm just fucking melting and all ! I mean really how else would some of us get the pleasure of the nip crew around here ... 
A nice manly arm with a nice man watch mmmmm .... it's the simple things ... guys don't even know ... 
maybe i should call it a night and just work and go to bed my circumstances aren't helping me to be my witty and rowdy self :( 
It's a new day right ... 
would like to help you out , which way did you come in ? 
People know that you can click on skip instead of publish right ?? 
windows open , fans on low , sitting outside without bursting into flames ... fall in fresno loooove it ! 
Music blaring dancing around like nobody is watching instead of working ... oh wait nobody is watching LOL 
thinks some people should step outside and have a word with themselves maybe even kick themselves in the ass ... 
whoa what a seriously small world it is ! it just floors me sometimes ... 
is as happy as a window licker on the fun bus !! 
I AM WHO I AM ... no approval necessary 
Yes , my mind is dirty ... I keep it that way ... 
people are so stupid like we are still 15 ... c'mon we do fit into the \stop being a stupid ass\ " age category now ... take your drama back to wal-mart and return it " 
FB is being a dickhead lately ! 
Only 2 hours left of hump day people ! Go grab a < PROPMALE > :-) 
Over the hump and on the downslope to Friday people ... 
Being at work on a few hours sleep blows ... 
The air conditioner has been on so much today my fucking cleavage has goose bumps ! Seriously menopause crew get a fan ! 
oh yeah the hubby will be visiting this weekend i miss that mexican :) 
I just got put into the Cougartown LMAO ... 
Eh it's Monday nuff said ... 
I'm hungry already .... 
no really me and the menopause crew are about to have words .... its 11:30 am and it's all of mabye 65 degrees outside WTF ... news flash you're not the only ones in the office ... seriously i'm getting impatient 
it's caffeine overload time baby ! and since some biatches think it's summer outside i guess i'll get it hot ! 
sooo it's work night at the lopez house hopefully someone interesting will be online to keep me company ... 
Beer makes working almost enjoyable ... 
omg i just remembered i have beer at home in the fridge woo hoo ! 
I love starting my day off being irritated it's fabulous ... 
My 3 hours of sleep is kicking my ass ! 
I could really use some rowdy hilarious conversation , and a beer , and a nap , and a poke ... eh guess my list could go on and on lol 
it's friday , it's payday and there will be boozing after work oh yeah ... 
went a little darker but of course it's more than i planned ... i'm starting to feel icky about it ... bleh 
ok has anyone on here actually used the Wii Fit stuff ? is it really worth the purchase or is it just ok ? 
its work nite at the lopez house will anyone entertaining be available tonight ?? 
Is it too early to be all rowdy ?? 
is unmotivated and trying to behave ... 
So the debate has been going on ... both the male and female bodies can be hot hot hot when topless but the bottoms are more for functionality then for show ... 
Oh yea i'm online and ready to go ! Let the fun begin ... 
Lick me , stick me , kiss me goodnight LOL 
FB sucks tonight :( it's acting all shitty and it's boring ... blah 
It's official this hump day blows ! 
Boring Sunday blah blah ... 
Facebook is all dead today ... Where is everybody damn ! 
I'm starting to look like < PROPMALE > it's not cool ... 
If you're going to be bad , hilarious or drunk then we should < PROPFEMALE > out ... 
damn this homeless guy was cracking me up so much i had to give him props and buy him a breakfast snack ... 
\Strap-on\ " is \ " no-parts\ " spelt backwards . Coincidence ? LOL " 
Is it happy hour yet ... 
people who think they are so awesome and above procedure and being a team player need to get taken out back for a reality check ass kickin 
Let the Friday night begin ! 
I know I can be a snob but you know what the truth is the truth and if you are retarded , ghetto , have no manners , have no common sense or are a lazy fuck you know what do us all a favor and don't REPRODUCE ! Damn ! 
how did this turn into rush rush disaster rush evening ... 
do i really have to work this morning really ? waaaaah ! 
omg omg we have take better care of our military when they come back ... so sad it just breaks my heart ... 
BLAH ... 
i was a gooood girl , i ate right and made a little time to exercise whew one day down about 1 million more to go ! 
Happy day to all the veterans and current military .... enough people don't appreciate and remember how awesome you are and they should ! Thank you to all of you ! xoxoxo ! 
OMG i'm done with the night job ( or 3rd job you could call it lol ) all early tonite no staying up until past midnight what a great feeling woo hoo !! 
It's friday , It's payday , It's almost 5 Oh Yea ! 
Had a couple of good and realistic dreams about making out and then as i was watching a show about eating i called it making out instead of pigging out hmmmm think i have making out on the brain or something :) 
Damn I am an avid FB fan and all but what the hell is up with this thing ?? Since I switched it over to view only status updates I am actually missing out on people's updates they are posting and it doesn't show me WTF facebook ? 
needs entertaining ... 
just workin but i'd rather be off somewhere being rowdy :) 
No seriously Friday evening needs to be here .... 
Ain't no rest for the wicked ... 
there is a seat at the bar and some beers with my name on them just waiting for me to get off work ! 
in such a funky blah wierd mood ... 
today is basically the friday of the work week so this helps the blah crap mood :) 
says Absofuckinlutely ! 
Caffiene must quickly get into the blood stream hurry caffiene hurry ... 
could this banging headache get more annoying .... maybe some booze will subside it let's try that ... 
i know that the screw top wine is supposed to be less great and less classy but i am so not into taking the time to pop the cork ... 
OMG ! Just saw an article that some asshole is trying to pass a < PROPMALE > making it illegal to get a divorce & this fucktard is getting signatures on his petition like crazy .. OMG who the hell are these people ?? i want to know how do they think they have the right to force people to stay in a marriage who are these freaky ass people and where are they coming from ?! Fuck people are insane ! 
Grrrr could I just catch the easy train just once ... 
Finally it is 5 o'clock I have to hurry home my couch neeeds me ! 
i just asked < PROPFIRST > if i could fedex a few of the kids to him ... i'm only half kidding 
people who make their way by being ass kissers disgust me they really need to be told to F off ... 
just getting stuff done it's a blah blah blah sunday 
I wanna go play ... 
It's cold ... I'm not very warm ... 
Attention Whores are so gross and irritating and foul 
Christmas is sooon and then New Year's good times woo hoo :) 
Holy shitballs it's snowing in southern CA !! Its falling all thick and crazy ! 
Donuts make life better 
Like a wise man once said sometimes you gotta just get in there and touch it .... 
Black ! 
No three words have greater power than .... 
Brrrrrr .... not warm .... 
wants something ... 
blah blah funk blah ... 
it could not be more awesome outside right now ... love it 
I need a pick me up or something ... 
Oh what I am going to do to my lemonade tonight :) 
You may think she's just your \gal\ " but she may be Everyone's \ " pal\ " ... LOL " 
America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . I'm all for helping the fellow human being but DAMN ! 
Is having trouble being tolerant .... 
damn i just realized i hadn't updated my status in over a week ... 
17 years :) 
being motivated is a lot harder then it looks ... 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter :) 
Finally finished the first unit of photography courses and I'm feeling kinda excited ... it's more complicated then I thought but damn it's the best ! 
Blah Blah ... 
Exhausted and missing something and just not into having this day in front of me right now .. 
I wanna work like 30 hours a week and get paid for 40 ... 
If you see my motivation , focus or give a damn please send it to 4910 E Ghetto Way attn : < PROPFEMALE > Lopez 
oh my how the body betrays you as you move up in years ... 
So I hear it's first child appreciation week who comes up with this stuff ! But I'll play along ... He is amazing and awesome and talented and helps me sooo much I am definately so lucky and blessed to have him ! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > LOPEZ - < PROPFIRST > 15 , 1997 - 4lbs 
It's just going to be a looong week where's my body double that can just go zombie mode and finish off the week for me 
I really love being the front for other people being retarded and lazy it just warms my heart and makes my life full and satisfying ... 
so i knew this week would be long and stupid but i didn't know just wasn't expecting it to be this much of a let down ... oh can't i just go to bed and hide under the covers until it's over 
seriously alll i wanna do is chill out with some good ol conversation chit chat and some alcohol 
Just waiting on the other half and chattin with some old friends :) 
i haven't had a day like this in a long time ... 
Being emotional is draining ... I could use some laughs and/or giggles any help in this area would be much appreciated :) 
channeling the mood thru the music not sure it's a good idea tho ... 
omg it's sooo nice outside and i don't even like spring ... 
people suck ... 
beef jerky pretty much rules ... 
Oh my hell I cannot make it thru the rest of this day I just don't even know how ... blaaaaaah ................... 
oh crap blah day why do you keep stalking me so .... it would be awesome if you could just leave me alone for awhile ...... 
its funny how one person can affect you and your mood so much ... 
i'm kind of freezing it kinda sucks ... 
people shouldn't be dickheads they just shouldn't ... 
compliments and true thoughts are gooood people should speak the truth and use them more often ... 
Damn is is Friday yet so I can have a much needed me celebration ... 
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people ... 
DARK AND RAINING HOW FITTING ... 
when your taco < PROPFEMALE > poops out all over your top shelf it's just awesome lol 
OMG I just wanna go to bed ... 
It's only Thursday but its totally our Friday how can I not like this day :) 
OMG < PROPFEMALE > Miller is awesome I think I might pee my pants LOL 
Drinks well with others :) 
Just Breathe ... 
its ' the little gestures and things that matter people should remember that ... 
so i'm thinking of appointing myself head of the manners and dumbass patrol ... can i get some votes :) 
Such a small special few to call \true friends\ " I hope I never suck to them and they are always with me ... " 
It's so early for annoying ass kissers ... 
isn't it acceptable to channel therapy through good food and booze ... i say yes ... 
i just got an offer to possibly get sexually harrassed at the cinco de mayo potluck ... oh yeah baby ! 
I think alcohol is the answer ... Yea that's a great answer .., 
Happy Friday ... we shall see ... 
what a blah friday .... what to do with myself tonight that's the question ... 
Oh brain please shut off ... funk please go away ... 
* Sigh * 
So bored yet so unmotivated so unwilling to figure out what to do today but I almost can't stand sitting here much longer ... 
So I was trying to be a good girl and do my reading but apparently there's a baby girl who thinks my body should be used as a trampoline ... 
No really I love having a chat that I was looking forward to interrupted by a clothesless baby ass running past my door and giggling LOL ... 
people should shut their face and mind their own business it would be wise ... 
Ahhh the beneficial therapy of an outta the office no holds barred lunch .... Venting , laughing , trashing ... Good times 
OMG could it be more awesome outside ... 
dear lovely headache could you please go back to where you came from and stop pounding and causing problems i have stuff to do ... 
must keep eyes open and stay awake ... caffiene injections and/or entertainment is welcome and appreciated ... 
sleep .... sleep is good 
just not a better day ......................... 
on an up note i can get just the busted ass screen fixed on my phone so i don't have to buy a whole new one so maybe this day still has potential .... maybe ... 
Watching twister ... That crazy ass weather fascinates me I would love to be around it , see it .... it would be amazing 
What can I say .... 
People falling on their ass is kinda funny ... 
Putting on the ritz ... 
Freckles aren't that bad ... I kinda dig on them ... 
55 beer sucks ass .... 
Look here mr throbbing headache we cannot be BFF's nor can you visit so much we really need to go our seperate ways ... 
blackness , heavy wind , rain .... this weather makes me :-) 
Like a bad unrequited love affair mr headache is back to give me some attention .... oh and showering with cold water is awesome ... 
i am exhausted like i'm 75 and haven't slept in a week what the hell ... 
popcorn is foul ... it's not like it smells like bacon or baked goods it's just foul ... 
people are awesome ... 
Warm blueberry muffins are pretty close to perfection if you ask me ... 
I didn't know the sign that says no solicitors actually meant please come on up to my doorand harass me ... My bad I don't speak dumbass 
Pain is no bueno ... 
tonight i have a date with my pajamas , the couch and the dvr it's gonna rock :) 
Friday it is finally but until it's Friday at 5 o'clock there isn't much to be giddy at ... 
Bowling , karaoke , beer could this night rock any harder :) 
just don't know if i have anything else to say ... 
The sugar and sweets are calling me .... bastards 
today is just not bueno ... prediction for the weekend .... cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of sucking and being no bueno 
Upgraded my camera not only so I could finish school but because today was a retail therapy kinda day 
Watching the oh so entertaining glee with my baby boy ... These are my favorite times :-) 
Ummmm not sure who stopped the clock from moving today but it's not cool ... 
feelin pretty good ... it's a nice change 
Hot Tamales are very bueno .. they are such an integral part of my illicit affair with calories ... 
I wonder if I ever cross your mind ... It's a quarter after 1 and I'm a little drunk and I need you now ... 
Being buzzed is just the way to go ... 
And we're off ! 
oh my hell i'm so exhausted .... 
blah blah blah ... oh and blah blah blah blah 
projectile vomit and no sleep just rocks really it does ... 
hey allergies go harass someone else i've had my fill ... 
people are wierd ... 
I might be biased but < PROPMALE > is frickin awesome ... 
Whats with the certainity that as you are putting on mascara you get an allergy sneezing attack damn ! 
\not you fat jesus\ " LOL ! " 
The thought of the upcoming work week has me so excited I can barely contain myself ... I mean really the joy I feel is ridiculous ... 
the word vomit coming from your mouth is so nauseating for the love of humanity please shut your face ! 
oh my hell my back is killing me ... see how damaging exercise can be it's not good for you lol ! 
< PROPFEMALE > all of this .... FIERCE ! 
So you think you can dance ... Yea baby :-) 
It's Friday and I'm outta here baby ! Thanx mommy lol :) 
Thank you from the bottom of my heart to all the military peeps and families that have sacrificed their lives so that we all can BBQ and drink and have fun in the sun ... It breaks my heart what they have had to sacrifice but I am sooo grateful ! Even if it just a few minutes out of your day remember and say a quick thank you for these amazing men , women and families for our freedom ! 
yes i'm a grown up that's a GLEEK so what ... 
trying to be proactive ... seriously trying ... 
True Blood :-) 
Laughing so hard you pee a little rocks :) 
If you're going to have the direction following skills of an 8 year old then you should be smacked and put in time out like one i'm just sayin ... 
so it's friday in june and it's not 200 degrees outside ... good deal 
Pain sucks ... 
True blood is finally back on yea baby :) 
The challenge is on let's see who can bring it ! 
is thinking about & missing the people who came into my life and made it better :-) 
Hmmmmm .... 
I could really use some decent drugs right about now .... 
my body needs to behave and do what it's told ! 
Damn do you remember FHS football games those were the days ... Good times ! 
i'm not doing anything for lunch today i'm excited .... yeah .... 
If you need fireworks and you're not obligated to any specific booth go to herndon & milburn ... Bullard Talent needs $$ to go Washington DC to compete/perform ! 
Trying to get schooled in something new that you love is exciting but overwhelming ... You just want to be awesome at it cuz it's your passion grrrr .... 
oh my how i love facebook ! i keep finding my most favorite friends that i have missed soooo much ! 
Holy madness it's barely going to be Friday tomorrow ... I'm crushed that I have to get up and go to work tomorrow 
That taco < PROPFEMALE > commercial where the girl gets all the guys after her cuz she's carrying a bacon chalupa with her cracks me up and is somewhat ingenious ... need a man just rub yourself with bacon LOL 
by < PROPFIRST > i think i'm starting to get it ... i deserve a drink !! 
Another unit down I'll be running off to be an eccentric photographer any day now LOL 
what is the deal with the fucktards that are waiting for the bus and feel the need to walk halfway out into the street to see if the bus is coming .... seriously .... standing in the street like an ass is not going to make the bus magically appear so get the F out of the street and sit your ass on the bench and wait it out before i run you over ! 
OMG the tutu pig died this morning ... it's a sad day he was so cute :-( 
Did I mention I detest living in Fresno this time of year ... 
Catching up on < PROPMALE > .... 
no really friday needs to hurry up and show itself before this week leaves me in a comatose state .... 
yes the stereo in your ghetto car and your obnoxious voice are both louder than anyone else's on the block .... i mean really we all just secretly strive to talk at ridiculous decibel levels on the front lawn as our homies pull up in mass quantity bumping their music i only hope one day i can be as awesome as you .... 
if it's going to be this hot can't i just stand outside and have my fatness melt off like a popsicle ?? i mean really what good is it living in the hot hole of CA if that can't happen ... 
Holy shitballs it's HOT !! 
oh my hell if the itching does not stop i am going to be forced to itch my face right off ! 
If you wanna be all snotty and catty everytime you open your mouth than expect to get taken out back or shut the hell up ... 
I need to undergo hypnosis ... 
holy shit nights like these make me say grrrrrr .... 
me and exercise don't get along very well ... it's a really hate hate kind of relationship ya know lol 
my body is in a workout coma .... thanks P90Lopez 
reading government handbooks makes my eyes loopy seriously i feel like i'm going to go blind 
next time i'm in vegas think i might drop by and visit pawn stars ... 
So ... \ 
I'm alone with the < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > twins , AKA , < PROPFEMALE > & Connor . Suddenly it's way too quiet . I get up to check on them I go out to the patio & see < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , the little pool , & a sad lil patio chair engulfed in massive white substance . They look up , see me , drop the bottle of sunblock & become frozen just blinking while covered in goopy sunblock ... i say babies ! next thing i hear is \connor did it\ " per < PROPFEMALE > LOL " 
victory for kicking prop 8 to the curb where it belongs FINALLY ! people need to just get over it & move on ... news flash haters it's not about YOU & it's not about rewriting the bible it's about equal fuckin treatment for all human beings ! this is a country of freedom remember not a dictatorship ! nobody's askin you to do it personally so mind your own business , stop spreading hate and judgement ! 
your hate literally makes me sick to my stomach and breaks my heart all at the same time , i don't know wether to cry or throw up .... it just saddens me so so much .... i truly hope < PROPFEMALE > comes around , gives you a big ol ' bitch slap and wakes you the hell up 
so you get a facebook acct , you make a profile and bio < PROPFEMALE > , you accept and request friends and then all you do is play games and post your scores , no socializing or saying hi or posting anything .... just game scores .... i don't get it what's the point of your FB 
ok i'm thoroughly frustrated with my body ... can't i just trade it in ... 
Aww but she's a special cunt ... LOL 
Umm yea I’m really trying to get hot so if my body would just cooperate and stop giving me pain and suffering that would be super ... 
Seriously , What if I don't want to have a nice day ? 
omg i feel old and rickety ... no bueno ... 
Ummm it's a status , not a diary ... 
4 more down it's finally moving .... 
soggy bread kinda creeps me out ... 
I don't generally give a crap about being politically correct , if it comes into my head or needs to be said chances are its coming out of my mouth 
so am i putting my kids in school or leasing a home and a car ... paperwork much damn ! 
Blah it might as well be a monday 
AHHH TO BE SELFISH WHAT MUST THAT BE LIKE .... 
seriously what is the deal ... 
Always wear clean underwear in case you get in an accident 
say it slow with me ... you are sofa < PROPMALE > we tar did ! 
Funky cold medina ... 
talk to me ! 
I'm team Bacon ! Woo hoo ! 
people need to stop tripping on other people's statuses ! FB is someone's own personal social < PROPFEMALE > where they should be able to use freedom of speech and thought ! if you don't agree or don't like what someone is saying then hide them or delete them and get over yourself ! 
fiesty , restless , fiesty , restless i can't decide hmmm ... 
Hello Friday don't you look sexy ! 
Holy crap have you been outside today ?? That's what I'm talkin about ! 
just so you know , teradactlys live in fresno and they like to take huge craps on people's cars 
was talking to someone today , and thought , Wow if this person were any dumber , they'd have to be watered twice a week ..... 
\what ? why do i have to do my homework neat and clean it's not like they pay me for it or somethin\ " ~ Xavier Lopez " 
GRRRRR ..... 
\Whoever made barbecue sauce is a genius\ " ~ ~ Xavier Lopez " 
pretty excited , pics are printed and ready to submit to the fair ... they better pick a few of them to be on display damn it ! 
well your just about as pointless as a white crayon ... 
Back in the Renaissance day my chubby curves would get me a modeling contract I'd be in all the paintings ! I'm just trying to support the Rennaissance comeback I'm just sayin ... 
There's a She Wolf in the closet ... 
Blonde :-) 
\I'm a professional mexican\ " ~ ~ Xavier Lopez " 
i'm super appreciative to have a job but damn ... 
< PROPFIRST > mencia baby ! :-) 
Fresno made the list \America's 20 horniest cities\ " LOL " 
Ahhhh so my Friday it's about damn time ! 
Freeway rest stops creep me out I wish I could just be a dude and whip it out and pee on the side of the road by my car lol 
So I was in a bathing suit in public AND I got in the pool Armageddon might be coming I'm just sayin ... 
I might as well come clean and just say it ..... I have a love affair with cake products ... 
There is NO entertainment like sitting outside a Vegas hotel watching people arrive via taxi drunk off their ass !! LOL 
Not a member of the spa fan club ... 
Sleeeepy .... 
it's a mucho trabajo night .... no bueno for me 
Dealing with some people is like trying to nail jello to a wall 
it's like being my 2 yr on sugar crack ... focus focus focus ... 
i just cleaned my phone ... 
i just looked at some pictures and laughed ... 
i just got up to get some water ... < PROPFEMALE > told me she has a rash 
just touched up my makeup , time to buy some more < PROPMALE > ... 
just went to the bathroom ... good times ... 
blowing some big ass bubbles with my bubble gum oh yeah 
dad just came in ..... really dad really ??!! 
just checked the clock it had bad news for me ... 
PEACE ! 
So apparently we're not the only animals who engage in prostitution ... Female penguins have sex in exchange for pebbles to build their nests 
Pensive hmmm ..... 
monday you blow ... 
I am so over this full plate sometimes I just wanna go off ... 
today is rolling along a < PROPMALE > better which is good cuz i didn't want to have to kick tuesday's ass like it was a redheaded stepchild ... 
Advice of the day ... Don't be a douche 
Uh hello did I just arrive in the flaming heat of hell ?? Oh no wait it's just Phoenix 
Fresno has the lamest airport known to man ... 
If you're gonna ask me to hold your beer I'm gonna drink it , I'm just sayin ... 
you know what i love ... doing work that is supposed to belong to someone else but hasn't officially been moved to that person yet due to lazy ass people .... i mean i really love this shit i don't know if i would know happiness without picking up slack for people ... 
so i didn't get a phone call that my photos sucked and the fair starts tomorrow so they're in ! kind of excited to to finally have some hanging there after talking about doing it for soooo long ... if you stop by the fair exhibits go see em ! 
So when your daughter plays dress up and runs off with your shoes then loses one and you have to wear your backup heels that are as uncomfortable as hell you know it's gonna be a long day ... 
I'm thinking I've had enough of people being pussies I'm really done with tolerating this shit 
yes there is hope now comes the mission to make it happen ... 
It's finally the weekend damn that took long enough ! 
mondays suck , stuck in a rut , don't give a fuck , this place can take it up the butt ... \ 
~ annonymous poet 
tuesdays blow , that's for sho , stuck in cubicle walls , think someone should get kicked in the balls .... \ 
~ anonymous poet 
kinda like you o ' day of hump , you don't make me want to climb a mountain and jump , still enjoy fridays much more but definately don't think wed is a dirty whore ... \ 
AAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!! 
thursday is here so the weeks almost done good thing i didn't have to bust out my gun , can't believe i made it this far and i didn't have to run over some deuche with my car\ 
~ anonymous poet 
Women's Lib and strong independent women aside it's cool for a dude to stand up for and defend his woman ... Chivalry should not be an endangered species 
Rain I'm a huge supporter of yours why don't you chill out today ... don't make me put you on my shit list 
i'm exhausted , my body hurts like an old ass < PROPFEMALE > girl , 6 am is right around the corner ... die monday die ! 
did i just turn 90 or something .... i'm an exhausted rickety senior citizen right now 
normal people scare me ... 
Altho my dental mishap is healing I'm thinking a fat achy lip at my age isn't super hot lol 
Friday where have been all my life ! 
If i rub Preperation-H on you would you become less Irritating and shrink ... 
oh monday how you blow ... 
i really wish the evil that is exercise would just chill out and get along with me .... 
smart ass and full of sarcasm is just the way to be 
The reason you shouldn't pick your butt isn't because there's an eel in there ready to bite your finger off it's because you just shouldn't pick your butt ! 
death by paper isn't really my idea of a good time ... 
PJ's at work isn't all bad 
good lord somebody save me from this afternoon ! 
woo hoo i'm out ! 
Guys should be able to be good with kids not only is it an important life skill but it's hot as hell 
monday i thought i told you to die ! 
i just might go all < PROPMALE > on someone soon ... 
Soggy bread and it's offspring are foul ... Only crackers in soup gets by as acceptable 
i wonder what it's like to be a complete idiot .... 
i've changed my mind and decided to get all < PROPMALE > on myself to put me out of my misery any volunteers ?? 
it's friday < PROPFEMALE > ... this is very good news 
Mom jeans ... Why ... Why ! 
Woke up with random bruises ... wasn't in Vegas last night that I remember hmm ... 
Sleepy time cold medicine was given and < PROPFEMALE > Lopez still woke up at the butt-crack of dawn ... oh sleep < PROPFEMALE > why do u hate me so 
yo quiero pozole ... 
Altho an avid KRZR fan and I miss it this new station The Beat is kinda all that and a bag of chips 
Holy crap the train tracks are blocked off by cops again ?! I swear this is like a monthly occurrence on my retard commute home ... What the F is wrong with people stop dicking around and traumatizing other peoples lives and killing yourself via train geezus ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is an awesome country and our military has given everything to keep it awesome , veterans you rock !! 
Thursdays are pretty thumbs up 
I want a mimosa or two or four ... Damn you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
bleeeeeehhhh ....... 
you say bi and everyone shakes their head and says nooo that just means undecided .... really they're just walking around not knowing what their preference is as an adult 
sooo bashing , violence and hate against gays sounds a lot like another organization back in the day that people would say they'd never ever be a part of ..... you know the hater freaks in the white hoods hmmm what was that group again .... oh yea the KKK 
Paper cuts hurt like a bitch ! Damn you paper damn you ! 
Sniff sniff hooray ! 
so sick of the door getting left open and listening to some random fly go apeshit on my window all day it's the most annoying fuckin noise ! i'm gonna go all ninja on this guy right now damn 
i got the little bastard fly ! maybe it'll be a good friday ... 
hungry .... 
Omg I cannot get warm ... I'm chilly like an old ass fragile sickly osteoporosis having lady damn ! 
I forgot to say how beautiful you really are to me ... 
being that it's a short week doesn't help much it's still only monday 
after much debate this this afternoon i've decided ...... i need a clone 
I just happen to be somewhat awesome 
trying to gear up for what will surely be a laaame ass week ... not sure i'll be able to do it 
The world runs on girl power 
Just another night in Phoenix ... 
Oh my hell ... 
smelly homeless people should not be sold plane tickets .... 
I could stare at zo zo < PROPFEMALE > all day 
\don't suicide yourself in the middle of the street cuz this is against the law\ " \ 
\I didn't know about the Mexican name jesus ( haysues ) so I told this kid in my class what's up Jesus ( jeesus)\ " \ 
I'll play the # game i'm always in need of some challenging entertainment sooo ... \ 
Send me a # in a message , and I will post how I feel about you with your # you gave me 
#55 you're my girl ! back in the day you were always awesome to talk with and laugh with and have around and now to know you as we age ever so awesomely you're even better ! you're outspoken and naughty i love ya ! 
#8462 well what can i say really you are one of my oldest and dearest friends and we have soooo many memories and laughs it's been awesome 
#76 OMG the laughs and giggles and more laughs ! my sista in mexican rowdiness i wish we could go back to those days i have some of the greatest memories of us you're awesome i luv ya ! 
I only had to use tinted moisturizer and powder today ! No foundation no cover up no stage cake makeup omg it's finally working and finally worth all the crap :-) 
well #69 you're like my sista from another mister ... rowdy , loud , funny as hell , sarcastic wit that is pin sharp , not too social and a hater of the rahtards ... if i couldn't be around you all the time i might die inside a little i just love you to death :-) 
you're such a tool ... 
So the point of hot n ready is that they're always ready .... when you sell a few put some more in the oven so there's always a stock I mean I know this is a hard concept to follow and all but damn get it together it's always an issue .... Always ! 
Why are the good shows that debut just < PROPFEMALE > enough to get you hooked and then the finale is like only 5 episodes later 
When you have a softer toilet tissue you can enjoy going more , enjoy the go ... LOLOL 
a constant state of pain is just awesome i mean what can i say it just makes me feel all warm and fuzzy and shit 
I think I have an addiction to tv entertainment I can't stop committing to new series ' and wanting to spend all day catching up on the episodes 
If you can't find something smart ass and funny to say then you should really work on that ... 
Guy Fieri should come to Fresno and give me some kick ass cooking lessons 
Um < PROPFIRST > black was just on yo gabba gabba and let me just clarify that the orange spandex really should be outlawed ... It's disturbing 
< PROPFEMALE > stone should really come out with spanish the CA chicano spanglish version i'd buy that shit in a flash so i could become a real mexican ! 
what is this ? hollywood cute couples break up week ?! 
Nothing like a little booze to numb it all ! 
free booze , bbq sauce , some linkin park , some giggles and lots of rain ... oh friday how you have done well and not disappointed me 
i'm sure people will get all pissy and get their panties in a bunch and shit but people post the lamest shit on their status updates ... 
I will surely be blind as hell by the end of the day ... 
Two is better than One .... 
Californication .... 
there is not enough caffiene in < PROPFEMALE > to make this day doable 
made it somehow ........ peace ! 
Oh faux Friday I've got nothin but love for you but damn it took you long enough ! 
< PROPFEMALE > left some price stickers on I really need to have a chat with that guy ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Officially time to spike my eggnog .... 
so bristol palin just bought a 5 bedroom - 4000 square foot house are you shitting me ! i love how some retard who's riding on her even more retarded mother's fame can just run out and buy a house that's 3 sizes too big for her but people like us who are serving in the fuckin military recall can't even get a house . I love this country but it fuckin pisses me off sometimes 
drraaaaaaggggggg ....... 
bon jovi is having a 2011 tour and he's only going to like 10 cities and he's not even hitting CA ! what's a girl gotta do waaaaah :-( 
i might have a partner in the giddy exciting world of photography love i'm semi excited :) 
It's all meat all the time 
Off to see the wizard 
Advancing only 6 < PROPMALE > in two hours is not really my idea of a slammin good time 
We left < PROPFIRST>'s place a little after noon and 12 hours later we're maybe half way home ... We like to keep it complicated like that 
so dead birds are falling from the sky and southern cali is snow storming hmmm ... a new age armageddon ? 
So far this new year has been treating me like a red headed stepchild ... Not cool it better chill out 
Somebody needs to provide comedic relief before the irritation that is my life takes over my body and shuts down vital organs 
You gotta fight for your right to party 
\being sexy is about being confident and loving your body\ " says the skinny hot bitch that gets paid to work out while the nanny watches her kids " 
WTF when did it become national stupid people day ?! 
RSA performing arts program here comes < PROPMALE > Lopez ... he kinda rocks so get ready 
Holy hell < PROPMALE > is 14 ! Not sure how I feel about that but damn he's awesome :-) 
Not sure if anyone has ever seen the show oddities ... People are damn freaks ! 
Don't bite your friends .... 
some people who think they deserve to take over the world should get knocked the fuck out and put in their place 
for you to insult me , i have to give a crap what you think in th first place 
Go underdogs your time will come ! 
please let this afternoon just be gone already geezus ! 
\ahhh I want a room with dude stuff all in it I want a man cave\ " \ 
People need to chill the hell out ... News flash your kids are just trying to be kids and have fun with sports ! Stop lecturing them and getting up their ass it isn't exactly the fuckin superbowl or NBA finals shut your mouth already 
Feelin weird .......... 
Linkin Park happens to be very soothing and awesome it's like music therapy :-) 
when life leaves you blind love keeps you kind ... 
rolling in the deep ..... 
Just one of those days ....... 
restless ............ 
My friends happen to be pretty awesome damn I love them :-) 
some people are such a piece of work ... fuck i wish i was < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I'm a pretty multifaceted personality you shouldn't assume you really know me unless you've been around me at length 
Hey dry humping is no fucking joke 
still waiting on < PROPFEMALE > to get that tapeworm from mexico .... geezus hurry up and deliver woman ! 
That's right I only ate broccoli for dinner 
Watching diners , drive-ins and dives as I eat my rabbit food ... Apparently I decided I should be punished lol 
it takes approx 1 hour to burn off a light beer so hunker down and log some serious ass time with the couch after a good saturday night ! 
< PROPMALE > doesn't stop spewing awesomeness and sarcastic humor and more awesomeness ... damn i gave him some good genes ! 
It takes a lot of work and effort to be plump and maintain this extra large curvature ... if you skinny folks even knew damn ! 
Hmmmmm ....... 
Southland is quite addicting ... I dig criminal justice shit 
Welcome to the machine ... 
\my friend's eyes are kinda small like sometimes they look almost closed maybe he's from < PROPFEMALE > no offense\ " \ 
Holy hell ..... 
I just found out < PROPMALE > is a carbavore ... I do t know if they have counseling for this or what I'm just in shock ... 
you know people should really have a photo of themselves somewhere in their damn profile ! i don't care if you hate how you look and you want to just have yourself in your pics and not as the profile pic but let me tell you that a pic of a cartoon or random object while you're running around friend requesting people is not helpful damn people get a pic ! 
It's totally cool that I had an appt 30 minutes ago and I'm still chillin in the waiting room ... I mean I'm pretty dead as a schedule goes I don't have anywhere to be or anything and I dig having my time being wasted and all it fuckin makes the day worth getting out of bed 
people are so funny and random sometimes 
Processed fat , booze and chocolate can turn a frown upside down 
OMG i haaate working on friday afternoons i just wanna check out ................... 
Drinks thru a licorice straw are just better 
don't assume that you can be a rude ass mo fo and get away with it i'm not gonna take shit from anyone 
and the pills are gone woo hoo ! 
Both vehicles stuck like 1 mile from the cabin , snow hasn't stopped coming down , 2 trips on foot back and forth thru 2 feet of snow to get the luggage here , snowed in the cabin with no groceries , living off car snacks , not sure how we're gonna work this one out ..... 
it's like being a zombie 
Ignoranus : A person who's both stupid and an asshole 
what the hell is the deal with fishsticks ?? they smell good , they taste even better even tho fish isn't that great ... probably cuz they're as unhealthy as hell ... damn you fishsticks ! 
i need to be distracted ......... 
So , let me get this straight ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE . Yet , the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Re-post to your < PROPFEMALE > if you are proud to support equal rights for ALL ! 
Bozone : The substance surrounding stupid people that stops bright ideas from penetrating . The bozone layer , unfortunately , shows little sign of breaking down in the near future 
i need some endorphins 
no seriously how did i get stuck in the bermuda triangle land that time forgot shit 
What the crap 
Can I just be reincarnated as < PROPFEMALE > Winslet or Charlize < PROPMALE > that would be awesome 
who just got their photo evals back and kicked ass on the outside lighting assignment .... this chick right here :-) 
i get to keep all my general < PROPMALE > cr < PROPMALE > its from like a decade ago i don't have to take any shit classes over oh happy day ! 
oh monday why do you have to suck and why do you have to stalk me ..... 
You made me miss the green light dillhole ! 
me duele la cabeza ugh 
El mal de ojo ... You know the evil eye lol 
so done with dickheads second guessing me when i've earned the right to be trusted 
Craaaabbby 
weirdy - one who is just weird for whatever reason you decide upon ... \ 
if you come in contact with a weirdy proceed with caution they are unpredictable 
you can't be scared to make a play for happiness life is seriously too short to hold back ... excuses about fear and worry will keep you unhappy and alone do what makes you happy ! 
At least there's no work for the next 2 days 
hungry like the wolf ... or like < PROPFEMALE > :-) 
Rock on 
Magic shell is the shit 
Bite me daylight savings time 
so not interested ............ 
goin for broke that's how i roll ! 
anyone know where i can find a good massage therapist and not one who will kick my ass and bruise me like the little chinita ladies ! 
so there's a nice norwegian lady that'll give you a prostate massage just so you know ... 
Pilates is evil ... evil I tell you ! 
if you ain't laughin you ain't livin ! 
Alcohol :-) 
Lots of things ..... 
tired of this fight why can't i love exercise and hate food :-( 
really ... could this lame ass day go any slower omg .... 
matriculated , mentally ready , nervous for the long haul ... check , check and check ... \ 
done and outta here in only 4 years .... Fuckin CHECK ! 
Omg could this weather get any more awesome !! 
I watched every episode like a faithful devoted fan ... Really Big Love really ?! 
it's awfully bright and non < PROPFEMALE > outside ... stupid weather 
i was awake too early so i decided to behave and worked out early this morning and now i just feel weird .... see i knew exercise was evil 
2 cups of coffee , a huge diet coke , a rockstar and i'm not even remotely hyped up or extra awake .... like i've been saying i have a mad abnormal tolerance to narcotics damn 
what is that sound ... hmmm not sure i've heard it before ... total silence i'm not sure what to do with you 
Watching pawn stars and chumlee is makin a deal and I hear \whoa I wanna be that fat .... Oh and I wanna have shiny teeth\ " courtesy of < PROPMALE > Lopez LOL " 
days here seem to be getting lamer if that's even possible .... 
Raising kids to be good adults without screwing them up along the way is too hard it stresses me out 
Man vs Food is the shit damn that's an amazing job 
November 2013 oh yea ! 
I LIKE COOKIES ! 
Bday happy hour was super thank you my beautiful peeps :-) 
Yes yes it's true ... < PROPFIRST > used face time on his phone from our bathroom to call < PROPMALE > and chat with him on the iPad 
People drive me crazy ..... AAAAGGGGGHHHH ! 
\if you have 4 wives like that sister wives guy you gotta be pretty handsome and really smart\ " \ 
