Thanks to all my friends/family who sent birthday wishes and made my birthday so special ! 

Just wanting to say hi to all my friends and see if there are any good ADULT Halloween parties going on this year . ( One that I can hopefully go too ! ) Let me know !!! 
Sons outgrow our laps , but never our hearts ...? ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? Put this on your status if you have the most ? Awesome ? Son ? in the ? world . My oldest turned 20 yrs old yesterday and my youngest turns 16 tomorrow ! My middle son is 18 and graduates high school in a few months ! I have truely been blessed !! 
My crops are withered and I don't have enough money to save them . Can anyone help ?? 
OK ... so I'm addicted to farmville . What can I say ?? 
Please help me expand my chicken coop on farmville ! I need five more people to help . . Please see my post from yesterday ... < PROPFEMALE > is hosting a barn raising and needs some friends to lend a hand ! < PROPFEMALE > is trying to build a bigger Chicken Coop and they still need the help of 10 more friend(s ... ) ! Bigger coops can hold more chickens and more chickens mean more Mystery Eggs ! Thanks !! 
Please help me expand my chicken coop on farmville ! I need three more people to help . Please see my post from Monday 9:48 pm ... < PROPFEMALE > is hosting a barn raising and needs some friends to lend a hand ! < PROPFEMALE > is trying to build a bigger Chicken Coop and they still need the help of 10 more friend(s ... ) ! Bigger coop ... s can hold more chickens and more chickens mean more Mystery Eggs ! Thanks !! 
Thanks to all my friends who helped . My chicken coop has been expanded ! 
OK ... my request to finish my Maison on FV didn't post . I need 2 slate tiles , 3 windows and 2 aged bricks to get it done . Any help you can give is appreciated ! Thanks !! 
No more clinging vines or weathered boards for my Maison ... just need the slate tiles , windows and aged bricks ! Almost done ! Yeah !!! 
I need one more slate tile and I'm done with my Maison - here's the link to send me one ! Thanks ! http://apps.facebook.com/onthefarm/gifts_send.php?gift=slatetile 
Thanks Ham ! I'm done with my Maison !! :) 
Just 2 more nails to complete my barn ... here is the link : http://apps.facebook.com/onthefarm/gifts_send.php?gift=nail Thanks !! 
Got my horse barn done and moved up to level 21 . Thanks to all my farmville friends ! :) 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . 
Thanks to all my friends from farmville who helped with my chicken coop expansion ! Done !!! Now I've got 60 chickens inside and 36 of them are < PROPFEMALE > chickens ! :D YEAH !! 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . \ Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself " 
Happy Easter Everyone ! Hope you have a blessed day ! 
Sitting here watching TV and having a XINGU brazilian black beer ! YUMMY !! Maybe I should eat dinner before this beer goes to my head ! Thankfully I only got a 6 pack ! :D 
I need 3 more people to help me expand my storage on farmville . Can you please go to my profile < PROPFEMALE > and lend a hand ? thanks !! 
Farmville friends ... if you still need something for your nursery , please let me know and I'll gift it to you . ( Unless you are like my cuz who is impatient and would rather purchase what you need ! ) :D < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > .... Love ya < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Happy Mother's Day to all my friends and family who are Mother's! I'm off to work ! Hope you all enjoy your day ! 
I just need one more person to help with my barn expansion in Farmville ! PLEASE clink on the link I posted yesterday ! THX !! 
Happy Father's Day to all my friends and family ! I hope you had a great day ! 
Farmville friends - I still need help expanding my dairy barn . Please help me out ! I posted it last night . 
FarmVille friends : I need one more person to click on my dairy barn expansion to complete . Please look for my post and help out ! Thanks !! 
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains , because the average man can see better than he can think . 
Is it good if a vacuum really sucks ? 
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good . Luckily , this is not difficult . 
Happy 4th of July ! Hope everyone has a great day ! I think drinking beer is on my agenda for later ... I'll at least wait until noon ! :P 
Sex is like snow , you never know how many inches you're going to get or how long it will last !! 
Why did God create men ? Because vibrators can't mow the lawn . \ 
-- < PROPFEMALE > Dangerous Game ( 1993 ) 
Anyone else having problems viewing their farm in farmville ? I can see the feeds , but not my farm . :( 
Any farmville friends who can gift the iphone exclusive items ( ie . white apple tree ) can you please send ' em to me ? 
Forget health clinics and gyms . Sex is the best cure . One good night of sex and your problems are gone . \ 
-- Grace Jones 
Men can read maps better than women . Cause only the male mind could conceive of one inch equalling a hundred < PROPMALE > . \ 
-- < PROPFEMALE > Barr 
Sex is more fun than cars but cars refuel quicker than men . \ 
-- < PROPFEMALE > Greer 
Just had a Honeymoon beer and a shot of Fireball ! Life is good ! :D 
Like many women my age , I am 28 years old . \ 
-- < PROPFIRST > Schmich 
Mom ~ I'll always remember your special smile , your caring heart and your warm embrace . You were there for me through good times and bad . I'll always remember you Mom because there will never be another to replace you in my heart or the love I will always have for you . Happy Birthday Mom ! Sending you hugs and kisses on this special day ! I LOVE and MISS YOU !! Aug 6 , 1943-Dec 13 , 2005 
Are any of my friends interested in going to Oktoberfest in Fredericksburg , TX this weekend ? ( Oct 1-3 ) Let me know ..... drinking beer and doing the chicken dance .... sounds like fun ! 
Tried out the new xbox kinect and it's awesome !! LOVE IT !! 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . Regardless of personal political views , that is an Honor and there are way too many people in this country who no longer ... remember that fact . ... Copy and paste this as your status if you are Veteran 
I am an < PROPFEMALE > n Veteran and am proud of my service to my country . It was an honor and privilege and I would gladly still be serving if I were able . I am thankful to live in a country where military service is honored , where we all live free because of the service of me and my countless brethren . Today it is I , the Veteran that says \Thank you < PROPFEMALE >\" for the opportunity . God Bless < PROPFEMALE >!" 
I'm so excited ! Found out today < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are going to have a girl ! I'm going to have a grand-DAUGHTER ! ( Just like I predicted on Aug 2nd . ) 
