is at work ... YAY ME !!! 

Gotta love a 7-10 job 
Ahhhh finally done with work for the day ! 
Finally home and now headin to fargo ! 
off work early ... now what to do ? 
is in fargo and heading to Minot at 2 in the morning 
Who doesnt love work ? 
College English + Laptop + website filter not being up ... gotta love it . 
Rollovers really arent that much fun 
Goin to the races tonight ! 
This was a good night 
to do the homework or to not do the homework ? 
life is always a mess 
well i think its time for bed . 
Actually did my english 
Underwear Olympics ? what a name for it 
Ehhh Ima Fatty 
Cleaning a car is a lot of fun at beginning of the next day 
Fargo tomorrow ! 
That was a good night 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Almost New Years and not all that many options for what to do ... 
Last Day Home , and I'm still snowed in ! 
Swim Trunks , T-Shirt , a Shovel , and snow to be moved ... thats how its done ! 
This is what New Years should've been , Starting to feel it !? I'm there man ! 
Here I go again , goodbye North < PROPFEMALE > , Hello Florida 
Did I do something ? 
Had an Awesome Night ! 
\I've been living ; I've been locked inside a fantasy ; I've been begging for a single moment ; I need to tell you I've been thinking of you endlessly ; And won't you listen to the words I'm speaking \"" 
\The time between those cutting words built up our defenses ; Never made no sense it just made me hurt ; Do you believe that time heals all wounds ; It started getting better but it's easy not to fight when I'm not with you \"" 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments . 
I hate homework 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday Wishes !! 
Im Ready for the weekend ! 
That was a great weekend 
Midnight is so boring 
Its Been Awhile ... 
What a night ! 
Figured You Out . 
What a Night ! 
One Hell of a Weekend ! 
\you put yourself in stupid places yes i think you know it's true situations where it's easy to look down on you i think you like to be the victim i think you like to be in pain i think you make yourself a victim almost every single day \"" 
Time for the weekend ! 
Puttin It Down ! 
Skillet Man ! 
When you miss that first < PROPMALE > , someone else takes it ... then when that is all said and done and you just wait for your second one ... It never seems to come ... so that just means its time to Move On . 
Nickelback Concert ! 
Kick Ass Concert ! 
One Night Down ... Two To Go !!! 
Cant Stop Partyin !!! 
Nothing Ever seems to Ever Work Out . 
Suns up ... so guessing its time for bed 
Gone Fishing ! 
Off to Fargo at 2:45 in the morning ? 
Nothing Stops the Partying ... Not even Flat Tires 
My weakness is that I care too much 
Screw Pondering , I'm Going to Bed . 
Hmmmm ... What to do ? 
My whole life I been picking fights there ain't no way to win , got a hundred scars I should have run away now tattooed on my skin , there's a side of me that just won't stop , dancin ' in the flame . Maybe I just get off on the pain 
hmmm the pizza ? or the steak ? 
And I almost had you , but I guess that doesn't cut it . 
Fargo tonight , MEPS in the morning , and then i get to catch a plane ride . 
< PROPMALE > International ... Flight to San < PROPMALE > at 9:30 ... lots of time to kill , and this is the last time i get to see a computer for the next three months of my life 
Home Sweet Home . 
So what does ever go right ? 
Here goes another one . 
Its Been Awhile .. 
Why couldnt things just be simple for once 
Weeknights are not the right nights ... Should've waited for the weekend 
Last few days of freedom once again 
Famous Last Words ... 
Am I More Than You Bargained For Yet ? 
Road Trip !? In this state of mind ... HELL YES !!! 
Last day in North < PROPFEMALE > ! Off I go again ! 
MCT ... Live Grenades , Rocket Launchers , a dozen different weapons systems , and thousands of rounds of ammunition ... What more can a guy ask for ? 
BSRE was as cold as cold gets but I'm finally done here ... Graduation on Tuesday and then Florida here I come :D 
Schedule gets changed up all the time it seems like ... next school is in lovely Pensacola Florida for about a month , then off to Maine for SERE school , and then from there I get my assigned aircraft and i then get trained for it specifically ... all in all about another year and a half of schools left for me 
Coming home sometime around the 17th or 18th and could possibly be there for about a month , Hell Yeah ! 
What sucks is knowing that no matter what u do , life back home moves on without you . 
Finally Coming Home Tomorrow :D 
Never So Happy to see Snow ! 
< PROPFIRST > - What the f**k is that ? \ 
Me - Thats JD man ! lol o yeah 
Time to go to fargo , now what to do all day ? 
After Christmas its just one more week till I'm back in NAS Pensacola 
Some of your best friends and a couple 18's ... What a Night 
What to do , What to do 
Bored as Hell ! 
New Years Celebration !? 
Flight got delayed 3 hours so I missed my connection in Atlanta , Get to stay the night there now .... Yay ! 
Finally settled into a hotel room for the night , hopefully tomorrow traveling works out a lot better 
Really lovin Pensacola , although who would of thought it'd be cold here ? 
3 day weekend ... Hell Yeah ! I've about had enough swimming to last me a life time 
Who says ya cant go two at a time !? 
See if tonight can live up to the last one :D 
Crazy Night got topped off by a ride in a limo ! :P 
One Thing To say , Go Blow Yourself 
Wake up at three to be in formation by four ... just to find out that i have to wait till five to start our motivating six mile run 
Now Thats how you celebrate a weekend 
What'd ya do on monday nights ? 
The Best is yet To Come :) 
When your out with your wingman , Make it a grenade free night 
