Last post of 2009 . Good year , everyone , good year . I think we all had a blast . Let's make 2010 even better . I love you all . Happy New Year . 

Stupid < PROPFEMALE > .... Christmas ornaments aren't bombs . 
Here's the easiest way to tell awesome people apart from regular people . 1 ) If there myspace and facebook friends combined is less then 25 . 2 ) If they are a smoker , they smoke Marlboro No . 27's or Camel Turkish < PROPMALE > . 3 ) If their name is < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , or Raphiel . 4 ) If by standing next to them , you look less cool . 
Alright team , it's about that time again . 
Where were you , when everything was fallin ' apart ? When all my days , were spent by the telephone . It never rang , when all I needed was a call . It never came . From the corner of 1st and Amistad . 
I'm not alone cause the TVs on , yeah . I'm not crazy cause I take the right pills , everyday . Salt , sweat , sugar on the asphalt . Our hearts , littering the topsoil . 
I hope that everyone enjois there comment , that took me almost 5 minutes , feel loved new friends that I've never really met before . Also , I'm kind of hungry ... 
I'm pretty tired , it's effecting my mental well-being . My vision is blurred and my mind is discombobulated . I need ... something to drink . Dr. Pepper sounds amazing . 
Also , has anyone seen my cape ? I'm supposed to save the world in a little while , I can't do it with out my cape . 
I woke up at 5:30 this morning ... I took a shower ... I got dressed for ... I can't even say it ... School ... GAY ... Whatever everyone wish me luck , this is my first day of class since early February . Hopefully it goes okay ... 
I see her body move in deadly positions . Her fingers graze my neck , for the last time . Her lungs are spilling out . What keeping me alive ? What's keeping her alive ? Let's see , let's cut off all her long blonde hair . Listen sweetie , you never meant that much to me . Hope your eyes can see , what you did to me . You'll always be my enemy . ( Halifax > WIN ) 
I see her body move , I watch her body move . She's deadly poison , my only poison . ( Cue the epik cello part ! ) 
I'm kind of tired , even though I just woke up . Hmm ... 
The space between your heart and mind . Is the space that we'll fill with time . 
I'm scared , team . It's 5:30 in the A.M. and I'm awake again . I fear that ... I fear that I've grown used to a ... A SCHEDULE !?!?!? 
I fear ... that I'm going to die soon . I feel like death ... in a bottle . 
This is what happens when you get as bored as I am now : _______ 
And suddenly I've become a part of your past . I'm becoming the part that don't last . I'm losing you and it's effortless . Without a sound we lose sight of the ground in the throw around . Never thought that you wanted to bring it down . I won't let it go down until we torch it ourselves . 
Who shot that arrow in your throat ? Who missed the crimson apple ? It < PROPMALE > heavy on the tree above your head . This chaos , this calamity , this garden once was perfect . Give your immortality to me , I'll set you up against the stars . The sea is wine red , this is the death of beauty . The doves have died . The lovers have lied ... 
I will become an hero , I promise . 
Well , I was sitting here trying to figure out where everyone in the hell everyone was at . Than it totally hit me . They are all off having lives . It's ten on a Saturday night . They are either at a club , some party , or hanging out with someone . Things that a normal person should be doing . However , it seems that for some reason I think that since I have no life . 
That means that no one else has a life either . I thought for a second that I wasn't the only person I know living in Checotah fucking Oklahoma . I don't know why I go by day to day trying to convince myself that everyone else in this world experiencing the same level of boredom and feelings of being alone as I am . It's pretty freakin ' ridiculous . Whatever I guess ... 
Class round 2 in an hour . HUZZAH ! 
Hmm ... 
I don't want to see dead stars in my jello . No , not near my ice cubes . Not near my ice cubes please . I put those in my drink . Not near my ice cubes please . I put those in my drink . At least I think I do ... 
What is my body worth ? Was their a price tag before ? 
I'm pretty diz-asster faised ! 
Well the disaster faced one is about to get some sleep ! More disaster to come . 
Has learned a lot today . 
This doesn't really concern any of my facebook friends , but I'm leaving this place . I've given it all I have to offer . The same as it has given me all it has to offer . I will go where I am needed . Forever travelling to destinations that my heart leads me . That is why I am here . 
You'd better learn that this will not blow over , and over . High above and taking over you , and you should know . I will not let you go , let you go . What is my body worth ? Was there a price tag before , or something greater than ? What is my body worth ? Was there a price tag before ? It's not gonna change you . 
I'm moving to vegas ? 
I'M FEELING SCREAMO TODAY !!!!!!! HAHASDHFA , S . NDAOISYTTRAND 
AND WHEN I DREAM !!!!!!! NO MOMMY DON'T DO IT AGAIN , DON'T DO IT AGAIN !!! I'LL BE A GOOD BOY !! I'LL BE A GOOD BOY , I PROMISE !!!!!! NO MOMMY DON'T HIT ME OW HOOOOO !!!!!!! WHY DID YOU HAVE TO HIT ME LIKE THAT MOMMY !?!?!? DON'T DO IT !!!!!! YOU'RE HURTING ME !!!!! OWWW HAWWW !!!!!! WHY DO YOU HAVE TO BE SUCH A BITCH !?!?!? Yeah . 
What's the point in all this ? I've found myself once again questioning everything I thought I knew . Again ? Really now ? 
People need to chill the fuck out . 
Rule 32 . Be a hero Well team , I'm heading to Midwest City in a few hours . The Midwest City branch of the team will be excited to hear that your favorite reckless hero is back in action , and better then EVER . 
Pneumonia + upper respritory infection = a very sick reckless hero . 
< PROPFEMALE > , are you okay ? You okay ? You okay , < PROPFEMALE > ? < PROPFEMALE > , are you okay ? Would you tell us that you're okay ? There's a sign on the window that he struck you . A crecendo , < PROPFEMALE > ! ( You've been hit by . You've been struck by , a smooth criminal . ) 
I swear to god I won't stop until you're shakin ' . TOUCH ME BABY YOU KNOW I WANT TO !!! And let me slide into you , please baby . WELL , IF YOU'RE SCREAMIN ' THEN I'M SCREAMIN ' TOO !!! If you want it let me bring it let me sneak into your house tonight . 
I'M MOVING TO WHERE NOW !?!?!? MIDWEST CITY YOU SAY !?!?!? WHEN AM I MOVING NOW !?!?! TODAY OR TOMORROW YOU SAY !?!?!?!!?!? Fuck the world is screweed once againkoirjal ; ksdfnlkahd ; foklmafjalkdjflaw 
Oh what a tangled web we weave . Life seems to be strangely unravelling . It's moving a bit to fast for me to comprehend . 
Alright team , I love you . Also , I'm pretty tired . I've been up making CD's for the party all friggin ' night . I've made 4 , I'm not even almost close to being half way done . I have ... What is today , Tuesday ? So that's only like 16 more hours that I can work on making them . That's epically homosexual in nearly every way . To be continued ... 
However , the party is going to be the sex of everything that's ever happened in the state of Oklahoma . I'm so excited . It's going to be THE GREATEST DAY OF MY LIFE ! I don't even turn 18 until November 5th , but Halloween will be even greater . This I know for sure . <3 > 5 = 42 ( Told you it was to be continued . ) 
In about 12 hours exactly I will be moved out of my parents house and partying my ass off for not only Halloween , not only < PROPFEMALE>'s 16th birthday , not only < PROPMALE>'s 18th birthday , but MY 18TH BIRTHDAY AS WELL !! Even though mine is the only one that's not here yet . < PROPFEMALE>'s was the 12 , < PROPMALE>'s the 27th , Halloween today , and mine on the fifth of November . The party is going to be huge and insane though . 
Also , only two peope will laugh at this . But , < PROPMALE > is a silly nigger-fish . I just had to say it one more time before I take my leave for an undetermined amount of time . <3 you all . 
What am I doing ? Where am I going ? I don't really know ... This feeling is indescribable . I do , however , have a feeling that I'm going to do something insane and impulsive soon ... My heart is guiding the way ... 
What it do , team ? 
I would let you kiss me ( You're all I'm wanting . ) kill me . ( This feeling's haunting . ) Your kiss is torture , but killing me would be to easy . 
Well , team I'm pretty chill . 
Dammit ... I just realized so many things at once . That was probably the most agonizing epiphany that I've ever had in my whole life . Ashes , I love you . Brit , I apologize . Also , my face still hurts . < PROPFIRST > , why'd you deck me in the jaw ? 
Live . 
I fear that I've lost the ability to decipher reflections from reality . 
She's touching his chest now . He takes off her dress now , let me go . I just can't look it's killing me , and taking control . Jealousy , turning saints into the sea . Swimming through sick lullabies , choking on your alibi . But it's just the price I pay . < PROPFEMALE > is calling me . Open up your eager eyes , I'm Mr. Brightside . 
I've hoped for change , and it gets better every day . I've hoped for change , but still I feel the same . There's something wrong , ' cause everyone knows we can do this on our own . And we've got everybody seeing . WHOA , WOAH OH !!! WOAH , WOAH OH !!! We're doing fine , and it gets better every time . We're doing fine , but I'll let you decide . 
AVATAR = GREATEST MOTHER FUCKING MOVIE OF ALL GOD DAMN TIME ! IF YOU JUST THOUGHT OF ANOTHER MOVIE AND HAD A THOUGHT THAT IT WAS BETTER YOU ARE COMPLETELY FULL OF SHIT AND SHOULD GO DIE SOMEWHERE . HOLY SHIT ASS BITCH DAMN FIZZZ ---- UCK !!!! It was perfect . 
just gave the world reason to believe that retards should not be given butterfly knives ... especially ones with serrated blades . How did he manage this , you ask ? Well he stabbed three holes in the index finger of his right hand , and put a slice in the same finger not even a millimeter away from the holes . He didn't even do it all at once . He's a retard and didn't learn how to hold it right . 
I feel weak . Thrown in wide open spaces . We turn ourselves inside out . Expose what we're afraid to see . And I know what you're thinking . I tell myself . You keep pulling . You keep pulling . 
I like this one better ... She loves me , she loves me not . My love was my decay . She loves me , she loves me not . He repeated to himself over and over . These petals decide what's next for you and I . 
If you can't tell ... I'm feeling musical today . She says it all without a thought in her head . She says it all and she's pressed up against me . A little something just to take off the edge . A little more and I'll fall off the planet entirely . 
MAN ! That's gay sex ... < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > can't break up ... FUCK ! I like < PROPFIRST > ... < PROPFIRST > is my sister ... FML ! 
Ice runs through my veins . As I stand face to face . With the one who stole it all . Compassion is not an option . Do you remember me and our beautiful affair ? Look in my eyes and honestly tell me our love is gone . Why have you turned your back on me ? One day you'll wake up and realize your mistake . 
THROW IT UP MOTHA FUCKAH THROW IT UP !!! BITCH I AIN'T SCARED !! BITCH I AIN'T SCARED !!! BITCH I AIN'T SCARED , I AIN'T SCARED MOTHA FUCKAH !!! REPRESENTIN ' M-DUB FROM THE SUBURBS OF OKC !!! ( My fault guys . 1 ) I'm a nerd . 2 ) Love this song . 3 ) Proud of bein ' an Okie . ) ( This message approved by : < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Red , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and everyone else who I < PROPFEMALE > out with but isn't here right now . ) 
HEY IT'S A WHITE OUT !!! FUCK YES !!! I CAN'T EVEN SEE THE END OF MY FRONT PORCH !!! OKLAHOMA WEATHER FTW !!! I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR IT ALL OF DECEMBER !!! And it's beautiful . Man I haven't seen a complete white out to the point where you can't see your hand in front of your face in years ... AWESOME ! 
It's no surprise to me , I am my own worst enemy . ' Cause every now and then I kick the living shit out of me . The smoke alarm is going off , and there's a cigarette STILL BURNING !!! Please tell me why , my car is in the front yard . And I'm sleepin ' with my cloths on . I came in through the window last night , and you're gone . Gah-ah-on . 
Well , that 15 inches of snow is the mother fucking sex . I'm pretty damn happy . I can't open my front or back doors . The snow is piled higher then the fence . It's a complete white out and still falling like there is no tomorrow . THANK GOD ! I love winter . 
Now then I know that there isn't one person on my facebook from Oklahoma . So here is a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone , from Oklahoma . 
Has someone taken your faith ? It's real ; the pain you feel . The life , the love ; you'd die to heal . The hope that starts . The broken hearts . You trust ; you must confess . Is someone getting the best , the best ; the best , the best of you ? Is someone getting the best , the best ; the best , the best of you ? 
FUCK ! I've never felt so damn useless in my 18 years of life ... Have you ever felt like you're locked in a glass room , doomed to watch everyone grow and succeed from the inside !? And the only thing that I could do is an idiotic mistake waiting to happen . < PROPFEMALE > ... is a virtue that I do not practice . 
In the words of my infamous friend < PROPMALE > , \RESIN HIT IT LIKE A CHAMP !!!! \"" 
So I got laughed at by a blind guy because I couldn't see after being outside with the bright snow for a little while . I'm not trying to be a douche bag ... but he has no place to laugh . I got my sight back in a few seconds . I'm pretty sure that he still can't see . 
Well ... What do I want to do ? Hmm ... 
Hmm ... It's New Years < PROPFEMALE > . I'm going to be spending the whole day and Midnight with my 90 year old great grandmother who will probably go to sleep at 8 . So I will be alone ... That's pretty gay . To top it off I had a weird ass dream involving my Ex , a little Middle Eastern kid who tried to sell me cinnamon baked peanuts , and my childhood best friend . I'm still a bit shaken up from that \adventure . \"" 
You know you're hungry when you've just been told that all the food will be done in 12 minutes ... And that's to long so you eat some cookies , chips , and dip , AND still plan on eating whatever is about to be done in 9 more minutes . 
World , it seems that you've been trying a bit too hard . Continue your efforts ... Pursue all you like . I'm ready ; bring it on . 
Do any of you know that I love scheming things ! This is a pretty big one too ... If it happens like I'm planning all that I have to say is ... < PROPFIRST > had better mother fucking love me for just about ... EVER . 
Most girls I meet are quite savage . Always trying to grab up on my package . They say I look yummi , and they want a taste . But I'm a human , not a sammich . - I am not a whore , LMFAO 
You look up a lot of groups you didn't know . You add a couple THOUSAND songs to your library . You organize it , delete the shitty live versions ; or bad quality ones , and listen through them to make your Mp3 player that much more awesome . Now that you've done all that you have so much fucking music that you like you can't decide what to listen to , and can't make it 30 seconds into a song without changing it . 
CREATURE FEATURE , FTW !!! ( I'M NOW A CAPS WHORE , THEREFORE FTWX2 !!! ) 
Fuck , man , having no life sucks ... There are only three people that I really talk to in this world . One of them I talk to for maybe thirty minutes a day because she has school and work . The second I used to talk to all the time , but now it's just whatever I suppose . And the third I have no clue where she's at today . Basically : < PROPFIRST > + < PROPFEMALE > + Ashes + not ever being on the computer = A very lonely < PROPFIRST > indeed . 
One of the greatest fucking movies in the world is on : K-PAX ! Anyone with STARS should go watch it , it just started ... I'm pretty stocked haven't seen it in a long time . < PROPFIRST > Spacey is the sex , FTW !!! 
Hmm ... I'm pretty sure that I just fell in love with Miley < PROPMALE > ... FML 
We're going to the Aquarium today . I'm enjoying Atlanta , but no where near as much as I was hoping I would . My realization : Doing things alone , no matter how awesome they are , you're still alone . I need someone . I've been alone for exactly a year and 72 days . To be completely honest ; it's getting a bit old . 
It's 5:56 in the A.M. I've been up all night . ( Even though I slept for 16 hours yesterday . I suppose it still counts as all night . 
What happens when you're to lazy for suicide ? ( Benge until you're in a coma , of course . ) The coma is creeping up on me . Just a few short hours ' til it's a life of living dreams . 
OMFGJCLIHHUA WE'RE IN CANADA !?!?!? 
So yeah . About that ... 
What's on my mind ? Well ... 
I can hear ya now . Talk , talkin ' a lot , but it's still talk . Gotta love how it's somehow all on me . All the petty scenes , and all the pretty things . Say whatever you want , ' cause I can laugh it off . Ha , ha , ha , ha . Ha , haahhhh . 
THIS ! This is fucking why I don't like people . 
Can you feel that ? Awe shit ... 
Well . Guess what , team ? 
A lot actually . Thanks for asking facebook . I'm having a conversation that I'm pretty sure just threw off the entire balance of who I am , and where I want to go in life . 
I'm pretty fucking high , team . Smoke another bowl ? 
Worked for eleven hours , nao my knees hurt . Work again at 10 in the morning ... 
Fuck work . I'm tired as shit . 
We're faster then fashion when fascism's in , and it's never out of style . 
Late night sex so wet it's so tight . 
I don't trust you because one time my ex ... REALLY !? ' CAUSE I'M NOT YOUR EX !!! ( Funniest shit I've seen all day . Fuck yeah . 
Ha , ha don't you hate it when everything you've been looking for has been right in front of your face for the longest time ? ( And I mean literally YEARS . ) 
I wish that < PROPFEMALE > would do that to my faise ... 
I'm pretty ... I don't know . Our shattelite went out for like 5 hours ... I feel so out of the loop all of the sudden . 
One last kiss for you . One more wish to you . Please make up your mind , girl . I'd do anything for you . One last kiss for you . One more wish to you . Please make up your mind , girl . Before I hope you die . ( Insert awesome solo here . ) 
As relief washes over me , calm consumes me . I shut my eyes , and once again the pleasure strangles me . I taste the tears of sweet indulgence , pain , and fantasy . Oh , the visions inside my head . The emptiness will haunt you . Sanity is slowly slipping from my hands now . I'm standing closer to the edge than I should be allowed . What little regret I have . 
Oh Doctor , Doctor I must've gotten sick some how . I'm going to ask you a series of questions , and I want them answered on the spot right now . Is it serious ? I'm afraid it is . Am I gonna die ? Well son , death is gonna catch up to all one day , but your's is coming quicker then our's , and our's . 
This room is heavily filled with the stench of ... marijuana . 
Fuck being sick . 
STRANGER DANGER !!! STRANGER DANGER !!! 
I smoke two joints a dime a piece ... 
I'm just ... so damn high , and there's just ... so much kush left . This is what it's all about . 
Shortie what it is though ? You know who I is though . When we ready you can come , and you can let your friend go . You can let your friend come to . ' Cause I picture yo friend on you , < PROPMALE > . Smokin ' killa Indo . Got it from my Kinfolks . Haterz what you made for ? ' Cause you know you dead broke . 
It's time for some good ol ' < PROPMALE > Kravitz . I wish I that I could fly . Into the sky . To very high . Just like the dragonfly . I'd fly above the trees . Over the seas . Even on the breeze . To anywhere I please . Oh , I want to get away . I want to fly away . Yeah , yeah , yeah . I want to get away . I want to fly away . Yeah , yeah , yeah . Let's go and see the stars , the Milky Way , or even Mars . 
I stretched and my back popped . It felt pretty good . 
I just realized that 90% of the things that people like about me are products of the hate shown to me over the years . Parts of me that have developed because I've seen how people are , and refuse to follow suit . No one can ever be the best , but I wanna get damn close . Help me out , and show me some hate . 
These children learn from cigarette burns , fast cars , fast women , and she drinks . It just feels right . All these asphixiated , self medicated , take the white pill you'll feel alright . 
Do or die . You'll never make me . Because the world will never take my heart . Go and try . You'll never break me . We want it all . We want to play this part . I won't explain , or say I'm sorry . I'm unashamed . I'm gonna show my scars . Give a cheer for all the broken . Listen here , because it's who we are . I'm just a man ; I'm not a hero . 
Dad : < PROPFIRST > there's blood on the porch . Mom : It's Deedle-Cat's , or the dog's . They were fighting . Me : OH , NO ! * Runs outside to check if cat is okay . * Mom , I don't see where my cat would be bleeding . MOM : It was probably the dog's blood then . < PROPFIRST > : Good , the dog deserved it . Fucking idiot . 
Anytime you want to pick up the telephone to call me to your house . Show you what I'm ' bout . Stacks on deck . That's on my life . You'll never wear the same thing twice if ya leave witcha boy tonight . You can have whatever you like , yeah . And you gonna have the best sex of your life . Twice , three times , four times , we gonna get it on tonight . You can have whatever you like , yeah . 
Over 15,000 fucking songs in my iTunes , and not shit to listen to . How gay . 
I'm high . That is all . 
So ... it's been 12 hours now . I'm still high as fucking shit . My tum-tum feels a little weird , but it's all good . Ugh ... I feel great , been up all night . How're you all doing ? 
It's already 1:24 in the P.M. !? What in the fuck happened to the last 13 and a half hours ? You see , kids ? This is why you shouldn't do drugs . 
If you look in my eyes ... my pupils are so big ... that it'll remind you of < PROPMALE > after Dory busts her nose on the goggles . ( For those of you dumb-asses , they're HUGE ! And kind of have been for the past since about 11 last night . 
Every so often there will be a little flicker of light at the bottom left of wherever the fuck I'm looking . It's pretty rad . Don't mind all of the status updates . I'm high and it makes me wanna type stuff sometimes . 
So is it bad if all you can see of the brown part of my eyes is like ... A small line of a circle instead of what they normally are ? Because I had to double take to see the brown part . It was cool . 
Alright , random act of highness number 439032940329409324 : talking to strangers . 
Fuck guys , everytime I look at the goddamn clock at the bottom left of the screen so much time has gone by since the last time I did . How ... gay . 
Who else besides me hates it when you type your password wrong because you were typing too fast , know that you spelled it wrong so erase it , then do the same fucking thing again ? 
Just got off work . 24 hours of high ! FUCK YEAH ! I honestly had no clue that I was going to be high for this long . 
Smoking kills people . So do a lot of other things . Quit giving us smokers a hard time . It's not like your bitching will actually change our opinions . At best it will get us to quit so you'll shut the fuck up , but we'll be sad because we quit doing something that we LIKE doing for a dumb reason like YOUR satisfaction . And really ... who give a fuck about you ? 
Being high as shit + more weed + full pack of smokes + Iron Man 2 + Grown Ups + The Book Of < PROPMALE > + a pizza + a 2 liter of Dr. Pepper + lighting another one + Dragon Warrior Monsters 2 = what is turning out to be an awesome fucking night . ( That was a long ass equation . 
It's okay < PROPFIRST > Stark . I want one too . I ... really want one too . 
I've made it very clear that you can always count on me ... to pleasure myself . 
Vegetarian is another word for fucking homo . Don't let anyone tell you different . 
Why are girls so sexy ? It's just ... it's not very fair . 
The convo I had with a vegan . Vegan : EWW ! How can you eat that ? It used to be an animal . Me : Yeah ... Nao it's delicious , and in my mouth . Wanna see ? * opens mouth * 
So when in the fuck was someone gonna tell me that there's a working DS emulator ? I've been craving some Pearl/Diamond for a fat minute . So ugh ... if you haven't heard there's a working DS emulator . 
Daft Punk did the soundtrack for Tron Legacy . This only makes me wanna go see it sideways eight more times then I already did . LONG LIVE DAFT PUNK ! 
So I just realized that I can scientifically prove that addiction to pot is bullshit . People who claim to be , or claim to know someone , who is addicted to Marijuana is a moron . 
is geared up for the weekend . ( The cool kidz know why this is my status . The loserz are all like \WTF !? It's only Tuesday . Why is Fayte Iwanski geared up for the weekend !?!?!? \"" 
So ... I'm on a mission to get everyone's contact picture on my phone to be of them smoking pot . 13 down 46 more to go . Can I do it ? We'll hope so . The only one I'm afraid I won't be able to get is my 90 year old Great Grandmother's ... but if I do that's an automatic 490238409238 cool points . 
Just finished Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney , and it's by far the greatest game I've ever played . I never thought I would play a game that when the credits were rolling I would honestly say it blew the entire Kingdom Hearts and Resident Evil Series out of the water . 
I'm smoking weed , and enjoying my life . It's going pretty fucking swimmingly . How about you , Team Facebook ? 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim VS . The World tonight at midnight . Fuck yeah . 
Yeah , I know stuff . What of it , nyukkah ? 
So , here's what happened . The end . 
It's Friday night , and she's all alone . He's a million < PROPMALE > away . She's dressed to kill ; the tv's on . He's connected to the sound . And she's got pictures on her wall of all the girls he's loved before . And she knows ... ALL HIS FAVORITE SONGS ! 
So ... It's a gift ... AND a curse !? I see nao . 
I need more Asian friends . 
Just realized that all of his friends on facebook are only here because two underage girls on dA duped me into making a facebook . What the shit is that ? None of you are even near a bordering state . Oklahoma love , glad to know ya'll . 
All of the fucking sudden ... Once again ... My buzz is killed ... and I need a cigarette . What the shit is that ? 
Time for a little honesty , team . Life is shit . It might not've been way back when things like love and passion existed . But it definitely is today . Complete shit . Smoke pot and cigarettes . Brings death faster , makes the ride easier . 
In any which direction , call me . I will run for you . I'll come for you . I'll die for you . I'll come for you . 
Muzik ? 
Oxicontin xan ... and wiid . 
We live . We learn . We stumble . We'll only ever fail to get back up once . 
Just got done doin ' an oxycodone line and token on some of that Super Sour Diesel . Now , well now I'm sitting down on the couch with my best friend < PROPMALE > , and playing Twilight < PROPFEMALE > . It's taking forever to relax , and I keep entering the zone . My vision is pretty blurred as well . Team , I think this is the beginning of the perfect night . <3 veryone everywherE > 
Bassnectar , nigga . 
Gawd , I fucking hate Myspace.com so fucking much . With all of my heart , mind , body , and soul . I wish it would die and get sent to a hell of eternal nipple twisters . Fuck . 
Salty needs to quit being such a nigger-fish . 
So , I'm high as shit . 
The drugs are good . The day was good . 
Bassnectar is the sex with decent speakers . 
I'm a little high still . Over all I suppose it was an alright night . I just got home . 
All my days end too slow\ 
\ 
And I wonder where I've left to go\ 
Anyway , there's no such thing as company . \ 
I've discovered all I've got to do . \ 
What is it that gets you through\ 
Another day when I'm not there . \ 
Wish we could be more open , \ 
I don't have time to think of how you are . 
So ... I'm pretty high . 
I'm rollin ' my fucking nuts off . 
So ... I like life . 
So ... I definitely wish it were Friday . 
I'm high as shit . Who wantz tah toke ? 
Some days I get crazed . I don't know why it's so irrelevant . I'll take deep breaths and keep control . I'll go on . I've tried brave , and I've tried to save . I've tried to keep it bottled up . I think I've past my prime , and lost my mind . I'm torn . 
Waitah minute wa- was that a ... damn it . Yeah , that was an insta-buzzkill . 
God damn it . I fucking hate buzz kills . 
Fuck , I forgot what I was gonna type . 
Sexiest song ever made ? 
Sooo ... Angel Trumpets ? 
Hey , someone let me borrow Grind ? I really wanna watch it . 
I fucking love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
I'm ... high as shit once again . What a surprise . 
Motion City Soundtrack <3 
So here's the thing , I love my friends . 
Pot roast is fucking ... yummi . 
I'm so ... sober . 
< PROPFIRST>'s mom ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , I've missed you , babe . 
So then what happened ? 
I love good wiid . 
Home alone on my throne , everywhere I go I own . I'm a troll , packin ' bowls , yo , it's in my chromosomes . It brings out the best in me in very scary ways . I've been down with bootin ' up since < PROPFEMALE > Games . Bwa ha ha . 
I feel like an entirely different person , and I have a feeling it's < PROPMALE>'s fault . 
I hate girls that are too hot . 
So ugh ... I think they knew we were high . How , man !? Because \ 2.37 is your change is NOT that funny . \"" 
My girlfriend just convinced me that I'm The Anti-Christ . 
So here's the thing ... 
WHY ARE THE MUNCHIE GODS INSATIABLE !?!? 1 ??!?! 1 ?! 1 ! 1/11 !!?! 1 ? 1ONESLASHSLASH !!!??!?! QUESTION !?!?!? FU ?!? C ? K !?! ING !??!?! MARK 
' Bout to watch < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim , fuck yeah . 
NOSTALGIA ! 
To the sound of a heartbeat pounding away ... 
They laugh , they make money , he's got a gold watch . She's got a silk dress and healthy breasts that bounce ... on his ITALIAN LEATHER SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOFFFFAAAAAAA ! 
I'm in the mood for cake . ( Whoever knows whether I'm talking about the band/food/weed first gets points . 
4:20 , fuck yeah . 
Let's think rationally about this ... how long has the game been going on ? I remember playing it since Catholic school in New Mexico ... that's like 5 or 6 years ago ... That's so long to be playing the game . 
O M GEE guise , I need some wiid , but no monies until tomorrow ... Someone come smoke with their lovable friend < PROPFIRST > ? 
I feel like I'm the only person on Facebook with a 2 digit amount of friends ... Do you guise even remember half the people on your friends list ? 
Just instantly I feel whole again . 
So here's the thing ... legalize pot already . 
I was called < PROPMALE > today . Nostalgia . 
Being grown up isn't half as fun as growing up . These are the best days of our lives . The only thing that matters is just following your heart , and eventually you'll finally get it right . 
I feel bad . 
I have legs and they hurt . 
So < PROPFIRST > , I heard that you got your truck back ? Well _______ , you heard correct . 
WE GOT DICKS LIKE JESUS ! 
I'm madly in love with a beautiful girl . 
There ain't no rest for the wicked . Money don't grow on trees . I got pills to pay . I got mouths to feed . There ain't nothin ' in this world for free . Oh no , I can't slow down . I can't hold back . Though you know I wish . I could . 
I feel ... a little baked . 
I waked then I baked . 
God dammit I've got the pinch itch from Hell . 
Roll a man a joint , and he'll be high for a little while . Teach a man to roll a joint , and he'll be high for a life time . 
So the thing about < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is ... Well , you know . 
Higher than shit . What else is new ? 
Blah , blah , blah . I'm high , and you all already know . 
High as shit playing Wii sports with < PROPMALE > . Decent fucking night . 
This is day five without praying to the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Goddess . And here's the thing about it ... It's a little crazy that I feel completely neutral about it . However ... tomorrow ... I'mah be fucking BLOWED . 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD !!!!! Love won't sting like the coming tunes and I hear my kind in a coma freak I hear my kind in a coma freak Lonely , lonely Lonely , lonely like you ? 
Something about love . 
So ugh ... onascaleo fone to ten . 
So ... if < PROPFEMALE > Renè Rogers isn't the most gorgeous person on this planet then I have no fucking clue who is . 
Rain , rain go away . That's what all my haterz say . My pocket's stuck on over-load . My rain never evaporates . No need to ellaborate . Something something , I love this song . 
So I know what I'm going to do with my life . I'mah be a rapper . So 2 get strted I frgot everything I knw about grammer . Aight , te ... dammit I forgot I can't ... Fuck it I'll rap while speaking properly . 
Can you feel it ? I sure do . I can feel it and it's glorious . 
So ... 
So ugh ... Pokemon Soul Silver , nigga . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . That is all . 
I feel like < PROPMALE > Matthews , hot cocoa , and Pokemon ... 
I feel . 
Hmm ... I want to learn , team . 
On a side note : < PROPMALE > Hill plays the most realistic \super hero\ " I've ever seen in my life . " 
I think they should change people you may know to people you probably don't give a fuck about because if you did they would be your friend on facebook . Because facebook is impersonal enough to where most people even have the people they hate as friends . Why do they call people friends on facebook ? More like acquantinces . That is all . 
Full scale alien in-fucking-vasion going on , and Turk dinks dere's something going on down der . 
Lonely , lonely , lonely , lonely like you . 
Daft Punk , that is all . 
Kairi , remember what you said before ? I'm always with you too . I'll come back for you , I promise . I KNOW YOU WILL ! When you walk away you don't here me say please oh baby don't go simple and clean is the way that you're making me feel tonight it's hard to let it go . Yeah , I just did . 
Peeing , it happens to the best of us . ( Lots of status updates tonight . I must be bored . ) 
GAMMA < PROPFIRST > BURST ! That is all . 
Waitah minute I lied . Perp . That is all . 
Downlink is fucking sick . 
< PROPMALE > , get back to your computer . I'm lonely . 
WHAT IN THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED TO MY BRAIN !? I WASN'T READY FOR THAT !? FUCKING DUBSTEP BLOWING MY GAWDAMN MIND ! 
they say that when a taliban is hit by a 50 caliber sniper round , they hear dubstep for a split second ... \ 
Its the best split second ? of their life ... 
Super Man VS . Goku GO ! 
OBJECTION ! 
Every time this song is played God reveals himself to an atheist . ( Downlink - Factory ) 
BWA , HA , HA ! This feeling ... It's powerful . I love it . It seems to allow me only one throught : Let's do this . Once again . Bwa , ha , ha , ha . ( But with less enthusiasm . 
Wizard flow . 
She says I don't spend time like I really should . She says she don't know me anymore . I think she hates me deep down I know she does . She wants to erase me . 
Some girls are hot . Less are hotter . Then there's < PROPFEMALE > . 
What's with all of this stupid number bullshit ? 
One song about a girl . Can't breathe when I'm around her . I wait here every day . In case she'll scratch the surface . She'll never notice . Last night I knew what to say , but you weren't here to hear it . These lines so well rehearsed . Tongue tied and over loaded , you never notice . 
Bands with chick drummer = band that wanted a chick to be involved in their movement , but couldn't find one with talent . 
My Pokemon brings all the nerds to the yard . \ 
And they're like , \Do you wanna trade cards ? \ " \ 
So , this is the first time that I've had a two digit number of friends on at the same time . Bwa , ha , ha . 
So ... ugh ... yeah Raychel McNiceass . Ha , ha , ha . 
Don't walk a dog while wearing sun glasses . Everyone will think you're blind . 
Why is everyone's profile picture a Pokemon ? Well , I'mah follow suit because I love Pokemon . 
Okay , so < PROPFIRST > Bieber is the anit-christ . My reason for believing this : Who else in the world could be ? Fucking nobody . I mean look at him . He's < PROPFIRST > Fucking Bieber . Nobody else is capable of being something so evil . He beats up twelve year olds . He sings like a prepubescent faggot . Every song he's ever come out with is for the sole purpose of getting people to fall in love with him . < PROPFIRST > Bieber = Anti-Christ 
Zombieland , and Pokemon . The only things I'm missing nao are < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Mcfly , and wiid . 
Sorry guys , I'm not high enough to deal with faisebook anymore . 
Well god fucking dammit . 
Are you ready to run ? I've been waiting patiently for this . 
I don't like to brag , so my bitches brag for me . 
Are we getting closer , or are we just getting moooooooooore lost ? 
Killswitch , engage . 
You wanna see how hard I can punch ? 
Somethin ... about that KAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMEEE HAAAAAAAAAAAMEEEE HAAAAAAA !!!! 
So ugh ... I want ... lots of ... lots of ... Pez . 
Kid Cudi is a little too white to be black . 
Something about ... ugh ... that jointerette I just smoked . 
It's a bad day for vah-jay-jay ... >.< 
WE ARE SEX BOB-OMB AND WE'RE HERE TO MAKE YOU THINK ABOUT DEATH AND GET SAD AND STUFF !!!! ... This is the beginning of the song ... 
... 
I'm never eating again . 
And it's mine on my own Yes , it's mine all alone As I cry for you Yes , I'll die for you \ 
Pain in my heart , it is real And I'll take Everything as it comes my way Feel in my heart it's for you And I'll lie for you as I die for you Pain in my heart it is real AndI'll tell you now How I feel inside Fuck you It's for you 
And all of thiiiiiiiis was all your faaaaault and all of this i stay wrecked and jealous for this for this simple reason i just need to keep you in mind as something larger then life . 
Somethin ' about that ... I wanna be the very best like no one ever was ... 
This is the beginning of the song . 
Well , I'm feeling alright . How is the world of faisebook doing ? ( At 2:26 A.M. ha , ha . ) 
Getting snowed in with like 4 cigarettes & no wiid . What a crappy day . 
Used to be one of the rotten ones and I liked you for that . 
< PROPMALE>'s ass cracks me the fuck up sometimes . 
I'm convinced that the channel four news team all got snowed in , did drugs , and decided to still tell people the news . 
Fish don't fry in the kitchen . 
I'm fucking starving . 
How many vegens are out there ? How many ugh ... meatens are out there ? I wanna only eat/drink things if it came from something with a faise . Those are the most delicious things . Someone join me ! We can all boycott vegetab ... Fuck I like vegetables . Well ... Ughh ... Omnivores , fuck yeah . 
What's that , guise ? Kid Cudi's here to save the day ! 
I gotta get out of this fuckin ' house . 
This world ... heh . 
Realizing mroe and more each day just how horrible of a person I really am . 
I just had 17 people on at once . I had no clue what to do ... 
I'M GONNA DIE IF I DON'T GET A SUPER SONIC CHEESEBURGER RIGHT NAAAAAAAAAOOOOO !!!!! 
Something about CRIMINAL MINDS , NIGGA ! 
Come the fuck on ... 
fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck 
Well , I'm here ... 
Okay , so walking 5 < PROPMALE > in how cold it is outside sucks . I can barely type . My life is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cold . Thanks a lot for the idea < PROPMALE > . 
Ahh , that's more like it . 
I'm hungry . 
Something about the song six , and how amazing it is . 
Because I'm a wishful thinker with the worst intentions . This'll be the last < PROPMALE > you get to drop my name . Something , something I seem to be in an awfully good mood today . 
I'm simply disgusted . 
Smite me almighty smiter . 
