is still giggling at the image of Grae saying hello to each goat at the Childrens ' Zoo with a warm and firm embrace . Super cute ! 

Grae finished his summer reading today . We'll be moving on to the great books . 
Enjoyed a lovely dinner with a few friends , is missing her hard-working husband , and hopes Grae doesn't wake up at 6 again tomorrow ! 
has much to be thankful for : friends , a wonderful husband who brings home the bacon , and a toddler that keeps her giggling and on her toes ! 
Is disturbed that two magazines/catalogs that arrived in the mail had pumpkins on the front . Did I miss something ? 
had to cover her mouth with a napkin as < PROPFIRST > shared the story of < PROPMALE > and the chariot of fiery neigh-neighs . 
has a mystery smell in her bedroom that the dogs have no doubt contributed . It's reminiscent of old shrimp . Gross ! 
mystery solved ... too gross to talk about . We just had a wonderful dinner at Fleming's with friends . I'm too hyped on chocolate caramel pecan pie to sleep just yet . 
Is it weird that I am strangely drawn to the hairstyle in my Yearbook Yourself photo ? A little less teasing and hairspray and I think it could be cute . My valiant effort to grow out the locks may be coming to a quick end . 
ready for worship and praying that < PROPFIRST > feels better . 
is wasting time on facebook and avoiding the bomb that went off in her kitchen . I want to know how moms keep up with all of the mess . 
thinks that a popsicle on the front steps with her favorite little man may be her favorite summer memory . What made it better was the \keekyou mommy\ " ( Translation : Thank you Mommy ) that was unsolicited " 
had a wonderful weekend with my guys . Now dreading the monotony of minutia . Why does there have to be a verse about being faithful in the little things ? 
thinks it's hysterical and sad that I spent my night watching a documentary on Jewish matchmaking . A gute nakht ! Biz shpeter ! 
Thank you for all of the wonderful birthday wishes ! I'm slowly adjusting to the fact that I am now in my mid-thirties ! 
is still giggling about Grae's diaper romp in the rain . What a precious picture ! 
is watching Australia tonight after < PROPFIRST > goes to work . Anybody in ? 
thinks it's weird that I still feel excited about back to school when I've been out of the classroom for a year and a half . Maybe I'll have to buy some new pencils and notebooks ! 
Grae hid his face and then popped out and said \Teddy Boo\ " I think that may be the cutest word substitution ever . He also said \ " dokie dokie\ " cause < PROPFIRST > says Okie Dokie all the time . Precious ! " 
is enjoying my last week of complete freedom before my teaching rotation begins . How did I ever work 5 days a week ? I'm glad it's only 5 hours a week ! It's beautiful today . Any ideas on how to occupy a very active 20 month old ? 
needs the coupon inserts from this Sunday's paper . Anybody have them and not using ? 
Had a fun ? weekend camping in the rain . Glad to be at home on this < PROPFEMALE > and lovely day ! Come out and see < PROPFIRST > and Orphan Project tonight ! 
is trapped in bad Friday night TV purgatory . Why can't I just switch it off ? 
has freezing feet , itchy eyes , and a stuffy nose . Curse you RAGWEED !!!!! 
cannot wait to have new carpet installed . After 9 years of complaining , I am looking forward to stain free plush pile under my toes in the morning . 
Has an unexpected few minutes while Grae catches a snooze in his cribby . What to do ? 
is perplexed . I know I packed up the leftover roast beef au jus for < PROPFIRST>'s lunch last night . How could I have lost an entire roast beef sandwich . I'm going insane !!! 
Orphan Project was amazing at Ram's Head last night ! The lead singer is a hottie ! 
Holla to my stay-at-homies out there ! I need some help keepin my crib all sparkly . Shout out yo best tips . . . PEEACe 
had a fun night of possible illegal firebowl fun on the deck with my men . Don't tell the < PROPFEMALE > . Next time s'mores . Who's in ? ( Yes we do have a fireproof mat underneath , lest you think us total idiots ) 
Must . . . have . . . coffee . . . 
wants to know how many of her friends are considering the H1N1 vaccine for their kids . 
Oops , I didn't mean to start a ruckus ! As for myself , I am probably going to get the vaccination . Grae is showing some signs of asthma , and that puts him at a higher risk . At this point , though , it's a moot point because the vaccine isn't even available in our area . This is a reminder that God is ultimately sovereign in all things . I think the risk of death from the H1N1 trumps any other concerns I may have . 
is enjoying a morning of coffee and Handy Manny with her little man . Yesterday he sat on the couch smiling and clutching his two \calculaydahs\ " . Future engineer ? " 
thinks her sink has a stomach bug . It keeps throwing up dishes all over her counter . Yikes ! 
may spontaneously combust . I'm getting ready for paint and new carpeting , helping with a wedding , attending a baby shower , prepping for the adoption fair , shopping and packing for a week long fall campout , teaching 2 homeschool c o-o p classes . . . and all before Tuesday . Can you say overcommitted ? 
thinks its super cute that my littlun continues to request replays of his recently recorded rendition of \Jesus Loves Me\ " Will he follow in his daddy's footsteps ? " 
lots of fun today ! A big boy bed , and a screening interview for adoption #2 are on the list of fun stuff ! 
gobble , gobble , gobble ! Coffee , a little man in Spidey jammies , pumpkin muffins , a husband who fixed my overstuffed dresser drawer before crashing after night work . . . some of the best blessings from the Lord ! 
is thankful for a healthy little boy with lots of energy . Trying to be more like < PROPFIRST > than < PROPFEMALE > is a challenge , but then I am reminded of the precious moments the Lord has given me today and my that my busyness can wait . 
is beyond tired this morning . I need coffee in an IV , stat ! 
had a great night fellowshipping with the college and career peeps . Lots of laughs , refined sugar , and thanksgiving . We are blessed ! 
is excited to rub the Ravens ' win in all of my P'burgh peeps faces . 
needs encouragement today . 
Doing much better today . Thank you to friends a family for lots of support and love . Just needed a wake-up call that I'm not in charge of of my life ! 
is enjoying Christmas fun with her men . We have been doing the < PROPFIRST > Tree for advent and tonight we watched the Grinch and < PROPMALE > . Grae just soaks it all up . 
is delighted to have a beautiful snowstorm to enjoy ! 
is sorting through the aftermath . . . 
is praying that my precious , spunky , almost 2 year old stops coughing and feels better tomorrow ! 
Just wondering if this qualifies as a bad day : While making grilled cheese for my toddler with a vicious upper respiratory infection and recovering from whiplash from a fall during an icy hike to Swallow falls , my dog decides to pee and poop all over my dining room rug . Nothing like wrangling a toddler , scooping poop , and making grilled cheese to make a girl feel special . 
I love snow days ! We are snowed in for a weekend of family fun ! We've got at least 20\ so far . It has taken < PROPFIRST > over an hour to shovel off our deck so it doesn't fall off of our house . Homemade doughnuts in the bread machine and plans to get snowed in with friends ! Yippee ! This is the stuff of memories ! " 
Snow ! Snow ? SNOW 
< PROPFEMALE > and Shrek Lankford - been together for 14 years , married for 12 . We are the only 2 people who could put up with one another . 
< PROPFIRST > + < PROPFEMALE > + MUSE = AWESOME 
Anybody have a good cheap eatery suggestion ? . . < PROPFIRST > and I are headed to 1st Mariner for a concert and want to grab a yummy bite . 
is avoiding anything related to housework today . 
Pray for us , tonight is night one of big boy bed . Will he ever go to sleep ? 
Night #3 of Mission Big Boy Bed complete . It seems to be getting easier which terrifies me . 
Home with a sick little bear . Woke up with a fever . Praying that he'll feel better soon ! 
What a beautiful day ! My boys are both better ! 
It may snow tomorrow because I finally got my butt exercising tonight . . . it was almost fun . If I had cute workout clothes , I'd think it was more fun ! ! 
Off to the farmers ' market ! 
< PROPFIRST > has ruined me for coffee . I made my own and it seemed so weak compared to the mud we drink every morning . No wonder I feel so tired ! 
Camping ! Blue skies , white fluffy clouds , birds tweeting , and cow manure . . . what else could a girl want on a Friday morning . 
Potty training day 2 . 
is now the wife of a seminary student ( yes , < PROPFIRST > ) 
Is wondering if you can die from allergies . . . 
Will he ever stay in his bed ? 
Thank you Lord for the sunshine ! 
Grae just lined up his stuffed animals for an \aundience\ " He is sitting in a chair saying \ " Ladies and Gendlemans\ " I wonder where he gets that :) " 
Does anyone have a portable dvd player we can borrow ? We're going on a 9 hour car ride on Friday . . . 
Spending the best long weekend with our best friends from college , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Palanski ! Sorry we have to leave tomorrow ! 
Sooo . . . sleepy . . . must . . . have . . . coffee . . . 
Is laughing that Grae's new obsession is a monster truck video . . . I mean we do live in Harford County , but really ? 
Stuck at home while < PROPFIRST > plays in the softball playoffs and my truck sits in the shop . . . curse you broken AC ! 
Oh lovely lazy day , where have you been all summer ? 
Back from the ER with a croupy little man . . . had trouble breathing after his nap . Now he's loaded on steroids and super hyper . Happy 4th ;) 
Grae is doing much better today . Yesterday he was not himself because of the steroids , but seems to have bounced back to his perky happy self . Thanks for the prayers ! 
Anybody in Bel Air used the Produce Depot ? Wondering if it is worth the trip . . . 
Anybody in Bel Air want to split a box of organic produce from a c o-o p with me ? It would be a great assortment for about $25 . Let me know ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s off to the Special Olympics in Nebraska . . . with Lock Laces . Pray for his flight ! 
Anyone in Harford County that needs a car wash . . . Our mission's trip team will be washing cars at New Covenant ( 128 St. < PROPFIRST>'s Church Rd ) from 8:30 - 11:30 . All donations will go to our trip to Cherokee , NC , where we'll be ministering to the elderly of the Cherokee nation . Come out and support these kids on this very hot day :) 
Up super late getting our profile ready for our home study on Friday . . . darn my scrapbooking OCD . 
Headed off to Cherokee , NC with the fam tomorrow to minister to the Cherokee people at a nursing home . Pray for a safe journey and for a fruitful week :) 
Thank you all for the awesome birthday wishes . You made arriving at my mid-thirties a pleasure ! 
Pray for my mom who is having < PROPMALE > back surgery as we speak . 
Mom's surgery went well . She's recovering and we expect that she will be home by Sunday . Thanks for the prayers and kind thoughts ! 
College and Career Bible study tonight at 7:30 . Girls are starting a new study !! 
We went geo-caching at Otter Point with neighbors . So much fun ! 
Potty training bootcamp today . . . lollipops , fruit snacks , lemonade , and stickers . . . Hoping to be pull-up free by Friday . 
Day 2 of potty training was a success ! Only one accident yesterday ! Prepping myself for some accidents today . All in all , not a bad program . 
Potty training was a success ! We know there will be accidents along the way , but only 2 so far in the last 3 days ! woo hoo Grae ! 
In planning our first week long vacation in years , I look at the weather forecast for OC , NJ . How special that there is precipitation predicted for everyday but the last . Priceless . 
Being married to < PROPFIRST > always involves a crazy story . . . met a supermodel on the beach today as she was playing with her daughter . When I was tempted to dislike her as I stood in my ratty t-shirt and mom bathing suit , we found out that she and her husband are committed Christians and that she played a small part in Elf ( my fave Christmas movie ) , of which her husband was a writer and producer . 
any of my NCPC friends willing to switch toddler room with me for Sunday ? I'll gladly fill in in either toddler or nursery for you . 
Great News ! Received a call on Friday that < PROPFEMALE > has a baby for us ! He is 10 days old and has Downs Syndrome . Welcome to another Lankford family adventure ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I both forgot that it is our anniversary today . We both started laughing . I wonder why we forgot ? :) 
Bringing home baby Knox tomorrow !!! Grae asked if we could go to the store and get him today . So funny ! 
My adorable baby and big bro are doing wonderfully although the sounds through the monitor sound like a velociraptor . 
The good news is that our amazing church family is bringing us meals until early Nov . The bad news is that I think our oven crapped out yesterday . The timing is good though :) 
Oven problem solved by an awesome neighbor with appliance expertise and a husband who was willing to drive 20 minutes to get a part and then come back and fix it . All in his first day back to \work\ " . What a blessing that the office is our basement :) " 
Knox had his first doctor's appt . today . He's gained almost a lb and the doctor couldn't hear a murmur . Good news all around ! 
Back from my first solo trip to the grocery store with my little men . I'm exhausted and I can see that November will be a great time to work on teaching contentedness and thanksgiving ! 
Had the best girls ' night out with local < PROPMALE > and adoptive moms at Open Door Cafe . Great conversation , great ladies , great cream of crab soup ! 
Anyone want to wrap presents , bake cookies , and watch a movie tonight ? 
playing on my kindle while < PROPFEMALE > baby , overtired three-year old , and sick husband sleeps . 
Listening to my littlest person giggle and coo at his own reflection . Super cute ! 
Bereans Girls ' study cancelled tonight due to impending white stuff :) 
Spent the evening in the hospital with Knox . . . croup . Because of his DS , he's more prone to getting croup . He's happy today , but still has a nasty cough . 
College and Career ladies , I need to know if you are planning to come tonight . If not , we'll cancel until next week . Miss you ! 
Bereans women's study cancelled . . . catch up next week ! 
My big guy loves Voltron . . . oh the memories . 
My Pittsburgh friends are strangely quiet today . . . they must have eaten too much cheese :( 
Women's study of Philippians tonight at my house , 7:30 . Come out for a time of good study and fellowship in a relaxed ( euphemism for < PROPFIRST > ) atmosphere :) Text me if you have questions 443-610-9856 
Grae : When I grow up , I want a girlfriend . \ 
Us : Where did you learn about that ? \ 
Grae : Sunday School ( It seems Miss < PROPFEMALE > is branching out . . . wink wink)\ 
Us : Who will she be ? \ 
Grae : I haven't decided yet . 
