Hates the intern surgeon from the surgical clinic that worked on his leg . 

wishes that the physical therapists that told him to get up and GO , GO , GO would have reminded him that when he did get up and go , go , go that since most of the muscles that control the gimp leg were cut in order to fix it , that there were only a couple of m 
finally added a < PROPFEMALE > for his business 
Is going to his doctors today and will be very unhappy if his doctor does not give him the OK to start driving . That would be unacceptable . 
Is going to attempt to drive for the first time in 3 months . 
Woo-hoo I went around the block , now I get to take pain pills ( not allowed to take while driving ) . I do not think that I am going anywhere too far too soon but it is nice to know that I could . 
Tomorrow I voyage out of city limits . < PROPFIRST > will attempt to drive to Cuba to go to the bank . Trip around the block went fine so all should be well . 
Is buying like crazy , that is a good thing but unfortunately it means alot of cleaning and alot of picturing . 
Is watching last nights rasslin South Park for the third time and it is still hilarious . 
Decided to run a huge sale and now is wondering if he has any sanity left . 
Is addicted to the online game Evony 
needs to wash shoes but boy I really do not want to . buess this one of those moments when having a boss to yell at me to get to work would be handy LOL 
hates having to tweet but guess , will have to get used to it , seems it is the new way Ecommerce is conducted 
I don't really do anything so why is it so hard to get myself started to doing it . LOL 
2 weeks till my favorite serial killer is back on the air . < PROPMALE > the sociopath season starts on the 26th . 
actually washed shome shoes tonight , now just hope for sun to get pics taken . 10 cent listing day on Ebay the next 2 days so have to get busy . LOL 
Well I officially kicked off my Facebook ad campaign so now if you live in Japan and have interest in vintage clothing you are likely to see my ad on the right side of your facebook < PROPFEMALE > with all the game ads . 
And the advertising officially paid off , had to $1.26 in ads so far and have made a $190 sale due to the ad . So far that is a win . LOL We will just have to see if the Japanese sales keep picking up . 
has to get more mens vintage shoes cleaned , pictured and listed . can't keep up with the Japanese buyers LOL , but to say the least my Japanese Facebook ad campaign is paying off very well . 
Boy oh boy wish the Tea Party was not so crazy . It is a shame they have some of the best MILF candidates . Aint any other party putting out the percentage quality of milf that the Teabaggers are 
is in a real republican bashing state of mind LOL 
guesses it was seeing another \why dont we pledge in school anymore\ " post that set off my republican bashing mood tonight LOL " 
dang they are cancelin Big Love , and I almost had the wife convinced in becoming morman LOL 
Hates tweeting , wishes it was not necessary . guess when I get < PROPMALE > I can just hire someone to tweet for me . 
keeps getting in political debates with the religious right , must be almost election day or something 
trick or treat = = = = well at least if your town is as lame as mine is and having it a day early to avoid having it on sunday , what a joke . Oh well guess we will let the kids go around the neighborhood here tonight and then go to a real town tor real halloween tomorrow . 
enough , That was the plan though but it tended to upset democratic voters . Lots of democrats never knew what was really accomplished because there was no bragging but I think that will be totally different the next 2 years . 
Thinks we are likely to see a very different Obama and the Republican congressmen are likely not going to enjoy it . first 2 years was about getting stuff done while he had the power . He bent over backwards to kiss republican ass and still nothing was good 
cant repeal the health care < PROPMALE > so the idiots are just going to lay down on the isle and throw a temper tantrem to prevent it from being implimented . Totally sickening and you asked for it < PROPFEMALE > . You asked for healthcare and then when the republicans did everything they could do spoil the < PROPMALE > you elected them in droves so now they are going to fuck up more shit . 
idiots , idiots , fucking idiots , have a very low tolleration for stupid , 
They have the Tea baggers I am thinking maybe we should start the Ass Fucker movement -- our slogan could be that we are wanting to fuck the ass of government in order to loosen the bowels of congress so hopefully it can evacuate the right wing back up of constipation that has been holding up progress in this country for the past 2 years . 
Is on a TANGENT ---- OK- It appears that extreme movements and rallies are what work in todays politics SO vote we start our own movement . 
