This is so weird ... I'm so used to myspace 

OUTTA COFFEE !!!???? what am I to do ... 
going to help my man clean the \man cave\ " ( ya the dirty work ) " 
Maybe I'll babysit for a living ... 
I can't find my farm !!! 
crabby daughter ..... 
Will my life ever be normal ? What the fuck , who's life IS normal .... 
Gotta keep looking up ... keep looking up .... keep looking up 
What a week .... I am MISERABLE ! Staying with my parents , the weather sucks , Gotta plan a huge b-day party for < PROPMALE > for Wednesday ( < PROPFEMALE > Birthday ) , Got two job interviews to get ready for , I'm sure I can complain about a ton more . I just gotta keep on keeping on .... 
Depressing rain .... like I need to be more depressed . It will be nice for < PROPMALE>'s b-day tomorrow . 25 kids ? really ? Maybe they won't all show up . After all it is a wednesday . I have lots to keep them busy if they all decide to come . 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > Birthday to my big guy , < PROPMALE > !!! 
Breast Cancer awareness month . Wear your pink ribbons . { RIP grandma nana } 
Obama wins the nobel peace prize ... now he better live up to his promises ! 
Got the second interview ! { Sigh of relief } Gonna be a total career change . Not that I ever really had a career . lol ! Gonna be assisting the mentally challanged society . Am I really ready for that ? No more revealing shirts ... Except on the weekends 
AHHHHHhh , Why do people have to be so complicated ? 
addicted to yacht .... Thanks < PROPFIRST > 
I WANT TO PLAY OUTSIDE !!!! 
what a saturday night ... kids are sleeping , cold outside , gonna cozy up with a scary movie- S . Darko . oh the excitement . Next weekend gonna have lots to celebrate , hopefully a new house , a new job , hopefully a new man . By \new\ " I mean some changes " 
SUNSHINE today ! YAY ! gotta get outside before I go insane 
done with work , now 3 days off ... Wanna take a trip to da U.P. But the < PROPFIRST>'s not running right . Glad to have a brother that can deal with that shit ... 
I think my little one is gettins sick , up at 5:30 . 
Didn't get the house :( wtf ? Now what ? GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !!! 
Life is a mess right now 
chili is served ! Takes 2 hours but it's worth it ! 
The cold season has begun :( walgreens run for cold medicine and tissue . omg I forgot hand sanitizer . please don't let it hit me too hard ! 
cashin ' out folks , nite nite 
I know I'm getting older when I like my cookies with coffee instead of milk 
Our little < PROPFEMALE > is learning so many new words . Her favorite today was hot da ( hot dog ) . 
After all that waiting , they finally gave me the good news ! I GOT THE JOB ! now I can work my a ** off at two jobs and Daddy gets to stay home with our children . I'm jealous ! 
This rain is getting ridiculous . I want to enjoy fall , not watch it from my windows ! 
My chat has been working like a POS . Sorry people 
I cannot stress more the fact that communication is the strongest asset in a relationship . That goes along with being honest about anything and everything ... Don't feel like what you have to say or what you think is insignificant or pointless . Me for example .... Steve always brings up points that haven't even crossed my mind . I love a smart man ... and he loves a smart woman ! ;) 
nothin better than a pizza burger after a night a drinkin ! Mmmmm and I don't even have to cook it ! Love you baby ! 
Just got back from the walk-in clinic with < PROPMALE > , he has H1N1 ... Not as bad as the media is making it out to be . Only if it developes into something < PROPMALE > . 
not looking foward to going to work tomorrow ... 
I hope this headache is from thinking to much and not the flu ! lol ! I'm going to bed . and somehow I got italics now . sweet ! 
Ironically I think I pulled something in my back , due to touching my toes at the dr. Please pass the ibruprofen ! 
Hangin out in the UP for the day 
Feels so lucky to have a family like mine ! ( most of the time :) 
the early birds ..... well we are just tired to damn early ! Off to job training and then 2 days off ! Yay ! 
Ahhhh 1 kid to grandma's and 1 in bed . And Husband to a GUAR concert . Time to sit on my < PROPMALE > . Gotta rest up for Sunday ! Lynard Skynard concert for ME and bf . YAY YAY !! :) 
this birds gonna hit the hay or nest or whatever , lol . Till the a.m hours . Late a.m. for all you night owls . 
Now this is what I call fall ! 60 degree weather , the sun is shining , the wind could die down a little bit . But damn ... it's about time ! Im outta here ! 
Lynard Skynard was great ! I can't believe I saw them 10 years ago ! My mom's gotta feel old ! lol ... 
as soon as I find our camera usb cord I can put up some more pics ! I'm thinking I better start thinking like a toddler to find it ... lol ! 
Time to make some breakfast then off to work AGAIN ! 7 days in a row 
wants to get the first three months over with ! forgot how miserable it was ! Better stock up on saltines 
long drive to sheboygan for training , long ride back then off to work at younkers . ugh ... 
Off to sheboygan again , hope i don't barf on the way :( 
finally a day off ! well I felt like pukin so I kinda made my own day off :) 
Remembering an old friend today ... RIP < PROPFEMALE > Green . Girls watch for signs of psycho men . She was tragically murdered by her boyfriend . 
Glad I could quit smoking so quickly , not glad that I have the new habit of eating like a pig :( 
enjoying my anniversary by picking up every elses ' slack ... 
Oh the day gets better and better , kids are off to grandparents and my lover and I are off to GB for Red Lobster and shopping :) and ya I'm in a better mood ! 
What goes on in utero to make us pregnant women feel like puking all the time ? And now I don't like coffee ? wow ... this pregnancy is really different 
Hope everyone's doing great ... when I get on here ther is like 400 live news feed or whatever it's called . No time to back track that far . 
All I wanna do is SLEEEEEEEEP ! 
Wants the motivation to go sledding with the kids 
THis time of year is so great yet so sad when you have lost loved ones and their memory is strongest right now 
Going to work and then off to a little place called Perkins , MI . to bring in the New Year ... Home sweet home ... 
Hey thanks for all the birthday wishes . great to be 28 ! no hangover this year , that's no good for the baby . maybe next year ... 
I wish < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > had carts for children , It's very embarrassing when your 1 year old is kicking and throwing herself on the floor cuz she can't run around freely in the store . It has begun .... 
Got to sleep in till 8:30 ! whoooohoooo ! 
For all those men who say , ' why buy the cow when you can get the milk free ' . Here's an update for you ! Nowadays 80% of women are against marriage , why ? Because women realize its not worth buying an entire pig , just to get a little sausage !!!! ------ KEEP IT GOING GIRLS !!! 
I need to train myself not to second guess everything I do and just DO ! First thoughts are always the right ones right ? 
trying a new dish ... Love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! Home made Macaroni and cheese , I added my special ingredient- Bacon ! That makes anything taste good 
Beautiful day for a walk ! And what do I do ? Take a nap ! I hope this doesn't last too much longer :( 
can't wait for another day off to spend with my beautiful children ! hurry up tomorrow ! 
It's unbelievable how one little person can total a room like a natural disaster . 
Is really aggitated with some people , I won't say names but you know who you are ! 
Gonna make pancakes for breakfast . What NO BACON ? Piggity Wiggity run first :) 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from Rectal Cranial Inversion . Rectal Cranial Inversion , otherwise known as Head Up Your Ass Syndrome , affects the lives of many . There is still no known cure for Rectal Cranial Inversion , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because ... they already suffer from RCI . 
One day I feel fine , another day I feel sick , another day I feel depressed . There are no days when I am the happy girl I once was . I hope it's just the winter blues ... 
< PROPMALE > just taught < PROPFEMALE > how to say mango :) So cute ! 
Just when you think all is well , Life turns around and throws a big f-in ' pile of shit in your face ! But when life gives ya shit .... hell , idk , throw it at someone else ? 
Wow more sh ** on me ! < PROPMALE > wins \Tantrum of the year\ " award . At bedtime last night he was sooo tired that his emotions were flying everywhere . Wii gone for the week and no friends over this weekend . On the bright side he is peaches and cream this morning :) What a wonderful life .... " 
I do believe Manitowoc Cnty is in need of a snow hill that is equiped with the gadget that pulls the tube back up the hill with you in it ! Doesn't Gladstone have one of those ? Help me out MI friends .... where is this marvelous invention ? 
Sadly this Valentines Day , I want to puke at the sight of any happy couple . :P However I will be spending today with the loves of my life , my sweethearts till the end , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
I can finaly drink coffee again ! WOOOOHHOOOO ! I love you bitter tasting bean ! 
< PROPMALE > joined Metz's Martial Arts Acadamy and what an improvment in respect , and self-discipline already ! I recommend the program to everyone with children that need a little guidance from an outside source and to learn self-defense and to just have some FUN ! 
wondering why they call it common sense ; If it was so common then everyone would have some :P 
is gonna get some hot , steamy , sudsy action ... that's right people , I'm gonna clean the house ! 
no kids tonight ! woohoo ! so we are shampooing the carpets ... again I say woohoo , but not with so much enthusiasm this time . 
Can't function without my first coff of cuppy ! Gonna be one of those days :P Kinda glad it's rainy and gloomy outside ... 
swears that flies hybernate in the walls and grow to be the size of bumble bees ! there are 3 abnormally sized flies in the house , even the cats are afraid to go after them ! 
doing some research on face rashes , < PROPFEMALE > has been to two dr. s and now referred to Children's Hospital . Maybe Lupus ... I feel so bad for my baby girl . 
feeling sick today , this weather sucks . Thinks we are going to vacation in the U.P. this weekend . 
Beautiful here in TR ! Maybe go for a bike ride later ... First need to hook up the kid hauler to the bike . 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , KY little girl 3 years\ 
old , picked up by a man driving a grey car , licenseplate : Q72B381 \ 
. Put this as your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent\ 
so do it . 3 seconds will not kill you . what If it were your child ??? 
I'm a wreck again today ! Tried getting < PROPFEMALE>'s blood test results from Children's hospital , had to leave a message . I know they are so busy ... but I need to know what is going on with my baby girl ! 
Wow I'm just burnt out from today . Pregnancy and my rambucious toddler are not going well for me anymore :P lol ... keep on truckin ' only 6 more weeks to go ... 
thinking of chopping off my hair , ya like all of it ... To much to deal with any more ! 
thought about it .... chopped it ....... LOOOOVE IT !!!!!!! 
I thought I would give an update on our little < PROPFEMALE > . Most of you know we have been back and forth to Children's Hospital ... She has been diagnosed with an auto-immune disease called Dermatomyositis . she is undergoing her steroid treatments , which has been tough on all of us . We plan on making a web < PROPFEMALE > for her soon so updates will be on that in the future . Thanks for all the support from everyone ! 
That's wonderful , No wonder the Kellog's cereal was on sale only 1.50 a box . there's a recall on 2 of the 5 that I bought . 
uhhhhhhhgggg ! Don't wanna be pregnant anymore ! 
Every time I hear my cat throw up a hairball I have to run to the bathroom gagging . then I have to clean it up and run to the bathroom and puke . How in the world do I hold it together while changing diapwers ? 
trying out big girl underware today ... Bailey is anyway , but I may need to if I don't have this baby soon ! 
Well what an eventful week ! Went up to the hospital Monday night and < PROPMALE > came into the world at 5:15 am on July 13th 7lbs 5 oz 20in long . He was a little bruised up and his nose was a little crooked from delivery , but all fine now . He is wonderful ! And today Cranes called and < PROPMALE > get's laid off tomorrow .. Good for the family , but bad for the money . AND < PROPFEMALE > went on the big girl potty for the first time today ! Yay ! 
Sick of this rain !!! I wanna get outside ! I love love love not being pregnant anymore ! 
LindsayLohan , 24 , gets her name and face all over the news because she went to\ 
jail . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus \ 
Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > \ 
< PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke , \ 
...... 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 ... ... are all ... Marines that gave their lives for you this week . Honor THEM by reposting this 
cool trick .......................... Hold Alt and hit F4 
sooooooooooo glad we have air conditioning ! If anyone is dying out there from the heat stop over and cool off :) 
wants to sit in a nice bubble bath 
hopes i get a shower in soon ! then off to pick up more donations for the benefit 
sooo tired ! but keep on truckin ' . Lot's to do before tomorrow gets here ! 
Thanks to all who came to < PROPFEMALE>'s Benefit and THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO VOLUNTEERED THERE TIME AND ENERGY !!! you know who you are ... Everything went smooth and what a great time we had ! Nuttin but love for ya'll! 
My son can't wait for school to start ! What is wrong with him ? 
The more kids I have the less showers I get ... Does anyone smell baby puke ? 
crying baby .... crying baby ..... coffee ..... crying baby ..... more coffee ..... more crying baby .... Ahhhhhh ! 
It takes sooo much longer to get things done with only one hand 
Note to self : Stretch before practicing karate with < PROPMALE > ! ooohhhhhhhh my aching back ! 
Well our Milwaukee trip wasn't promising ... Another 3 days of IV steroids in Appleton for our little < PROPFEMALE > :( And back to Milw . in 4 weeks . I pray that remission is around the corner 
yay our one and only vacation this summer is going up north to Grandpa's . Oh well at least there are no doctors there . SAD HUMOR SORRY 
< PROPMALE > is off to second grade today , poor < PROPFEMALE > didn't want to leave the desk next to him :) Hopefully when the time comes she will like school as much as him . 
Dislikes Blue Cross Blue Shield insurance ! We must have gotton 25 bills for only about 10 procedures or visits and each one gets lower and lower each time it goes through that damn insurance ! one started out at $900 and now the final amount is $200 . GET YOUR SHIT STRAIGHT ANTHEM ! 
Rest in peace victims of 9-11 . And all others taken from this world in violence and hatred . SPRED PEACE AND LOVE ! 
Freedom's just another word for nothin left to lose - < PROPFEMALE > Joplin 
oh my , 10 year class reunion this Sat . yes I said 10 YEARS ! 
I love my husband and kids to pieces ! 
Finally back from the UP ! What was supposed to be a three and a half hour drive took about 6 hours ! Had a great time with the class of 2000 from good ole ' Mid Pen ! Haven't had a hangover like this in a long time :) :( 
going to Children's in Appleton today for < PROPFEMALE>'s steriod IV . GOing to request someone that knows how to get a needle in a child . Not looking foward to this 
Hubby will soon be going to school again . I am so greatful for TRA program . But I don't get physics and chemistry . But the explanation of friction was interesting ... 
ugh ! no rummage sale today . Too busy this week . Will open it tomorrow , howevever . I need to bust some serious butt ! 
wow ... No rummage sale today either . To < PROPFEMALE > and definately not ready ! WEll maybe later today . 
4 hours of sleep just isn't enough for the day I'm about to have ! Rummage sale today folks . Finally ready ! 
played outside all day , so much fresh air is exhausting ! yet I am the only one one ready to for night night ... 
I believe that life gives lemons to those who can handle it ! 
My hubby steamed the kitchen floor for me ! Aww I love him ! ? Shhhhhhhh , I really do know how to work the steamer ,, but don't tell him that :) 
Can't wait to go to some haunted houses ! 
Oh I love < PROPMALE > Nye the science guy , something about nerdy geniuses that make me all tingly inside :P Ha that's why I'm married to one ! Love you < PROPMALE > ? 
Sunday Funday . GOing to a fry out , I hope it's not too cold out there 
hate how my hands start to look 10 years older in the cold weather , Please pass the lotion ! 
oh geez my baby boy is 8 today , happy bday < PROPMALE > ! 
FINALLY I am to be a bridesmaid ! COngrats B & G ! 
Finally ! internet is hooked up at the new house , back into facebook world ... 
Good news : snow is melting inch by inch ... Bad news : Gas is goin up cent by cent :( 
I didn't really want to drive to Milwaukee today anyway . Hooray for storm < PROPMALE > ! 
overwhelmed with the nature of our new dog , as well as my children ... oh the joys of motherhood :) 
So there is like 3 gas strikes going on that I've been texted or emailed or facebooked : March 10th , 13th , & 14th , I'm just not gonna get gas the whole week :) 
People need to think before they talk about peoples ' families !!! Especially in a small town it usually gets back to them ! 
I don't get it , facebook has rejected my name change ! IT IS MY REAL NAME ! 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
Ahhhhh ... 8:00 can't come fast enough ! 
I need a vacation ! 
so quite I can hear the clocks ticking ... 
Is the sales tax different from county to county or the same throughout the state of WI ? am I correct in the sales tax being 5% ? 
rain today and snow during the week ... Uhhhhhgg I just want sunshine for a whole day ! I'll even take 45 degrees and no sun ! 
tired today ... no sunshine makes it worse ! But the kids put that smile back on my face :) 
Not feeling well today . Hopefully not strep or flu again . I alway seem to get whatever is going around :( 
Great ... can't find the $1000 lottery ticket we won on ... GRRRRR ! 
YEEEEESSSSS ! going to the Rave on Friday with my best friend and lover , to see Skillet , Thoery of a Deadman , and Stone Sour ! Super Excited ! 
anyone wanna watch our pup Niko for the night ? got a sitter for the kids but forgot about the dog :( 
Countdown to avalanche tour ! 
Avalanche tour rocked the eagles ballroom ! Definately feel it in my back and my ears are still ringing ! 
So my two and a half year old was with me trying on bras and insisted that she have one ! They actually make them that small ! She was very persistant ( and cute ) so I couldn't say no . Daddy had no comment ... 
So let me get this straight ... Kelsey Grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is on divorce #9 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE , 53% of Americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses . Yet , same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Re-post if you find this ironic 
Why is it that kids would rather play with the packeging that the toy comes in rather than the toy itself ? 
Back from Milwaukee ... Bailey's monthly checkup went great , prednisone lowered again .. hopefully done with it in two more months and then start weaning her methotrexate ... please pray for REMISSION ! ( for her ? and my mommy ? ) 
yay 40's this week !... we're gettin ' there ! 
So my sis was just told this ... \A pregnancy test won't show positive cuz I'm too far along\ " WTH ? People this dumb should not be procreating ! Just saying ... " 
Can anyone tell me why it is so hard for people to pray , but easy to swear ? Why is it so hard to re-post a Christian status , but easy to post gossip ? Why we can worship a celebrity , but not Jesus ? Gonna ignore this ? Most of you won't re-post this . The Lord said , if you deny me in front of your friends , I will deny you in front of my Father . I posted . Will you ? 
I May or may not have been honest with some people last night ... And it may or may not have been nice ... 
