Ladies just so you know smoking does not make you attractive if anything it makes you girls less attractive . It disgusts me . 

17 Again is a pretty awesome movie 
Hello . I'm bored but Facebook way outdoes Myspace these days 
really enjoyede time with the family tonight 
I have myself a Brand New X-Box 360 Elite but my brother is playing it . That kind of bites . 
I'm really not a bad person . I am honest and I say things as they are or how I am feeling . I try not to judge I say what I feel needs to be said at the time . I don't wring people on purpose . And most of the time people just misread me . 
Oh , poor Watcher , did your life pass before your eyes ? Cuppa tea , cuppa tea , almost got shagged , cuppa tea ? -Spike 
I guess the real question is .. Who has the most fear ? -Xander 
Impressed with how well I did on my speech . Now waiting for my History test . 
To read makes our speaking English good . -Xander 
< PROPMALE > 42:16 : I will lead the blind by a road they do not know , by paths they have not known I will guide them , I will turn the darkness before them into light , the rough places into level ground . These are the things I will do , I will not forsake them . 
i feel like shit 
really likes the new tv show The Vampire Diaries but hates the books it is based on 
Some people are just a waste of time and effort . 
Depressed that not many people remember my birthday again . But to those few who did Thank you . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! 
Avatar was a kick ass and engaging movie . Two Words : See it . 
I love my family deeply <3 
Hatred is the vice of narrow souls ; they feed it with all their littleness , and make it the pretext of base tyrannies . 
okay just got done playing GTA IV i am in a better mood 
I'm sign out for the night if you want me text/call me 
\Doppelgänger Week\ " on Facebook . Change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you resemble . And repost this . " 
I am glad the recent levy failed . Greenville does not need more empty buildings . We have plenty of schools around here . The school districts needs to get the hint . Reopen the old schools and stop wasting taxpayers money . 
Saints won and they deserved it 
i hate the new facebook design 
< PROPMALE > Darke County is closed tomorrow :) Also if someone has any of the GTA for the original X-Box let me know . 
The show Life Unexpected is an unexpected delight :D 
I spent all day playing Assassin's Creed for the 360 . I beat it now I just need to round up a few more achievements . 
Time passes , people move ... Like a river's flow , it never ends . A childish mind will turn to < PROPMALE > ambition ... Young love will become deep affection ... The clear water's surface reflects growth ... 
Just finished for the day with helping my brother's Dad in moving in . Now I need to do my essays for scholarships . And do some Biology . Texts and calls are very welcome . 
my phone is really making me mad . it decides when and where it wants to work . No SIM my ass its in the damn phone . read it stupid phone . needs a new battery i think . 
Just asked someone ( a girl ) to < PROPFEMALE > out with me . I think the answer was no . :-( 
I found my new favorite book that I can't put down ... only it's not a book it's a video game ... it's so bad that dreamed about it last night ... Assassin's Creed 2 is flipping sweet . 
Being caught in a torrental rain storm sucks especially when it soaks all the way through you clothes !!! 
This whole being single thing sucks . I wish that I could experience the whole dating scene for once . Come on girls , you're always talking bout how every guy you have been with are jerks , well I'm not pick me . 
Going to UT tomorrow for Orientation . I don't whether to be thrilled or to be nervous as hell . So I am < PROPFIRST > a combination of both . :/ 
Wonders why people love it when people comment on their status but hate when I do . These people will delete what I wrote but never what anyone else wrote . But be a big fat unredeemable loser in their eyes . 
i'm drunk as hell and i wish people would like me or more specifically woman would like me or wish to date me . what the fuck is wrong with me :( 
Just because I have nothing against gay people some people don't want to be my friend . There is nothing wrong with a persons sexual orientation regardless of what someone religion says . 
\Learning to breathe\ 
i suck with woman massively :( 
C'est une < PROPFEMALE > journée 
Anyone know how i can attain a grand in one week ? 
6 days until I leave for school . Nice . 
5 days til I leave for school/ Yes . 
Well I'm in Toledo and unpack . Let's see how it all goes . 
Met my room mate last night . He's what I'm used to back home somewhat . A partier . May have a date for today hopefully . Let's see how it goes . 
Classes are always so boring the first week . 
Head starting to throb . Took an excedrin . Hope it goes away . 
Preparing to do my favorite thing of all time ... studying ... NOT !!! I don't really like it but hey it has to be done . 
no matter the distance , no matter the time things always remain the same 
Is it really to much to ask to have a woman my age who wants to be with me ? 
I hate migraines with a passion . I wish it would just go away . 
migraine , migraine go away i've got a life to live . 
My Mom is the most important and influential in my life and I love her and if people can't understand or accept it FUCK THEM !!!!!!!!!! 
Do you ever get that feeling that you are being perfectly ignored ? 
5 weeks into my first university semester and everything but latin and people are getting easier . Well the people are not hard they are just annoying because they can't accept . Humans are such predictable creatures . 
Just withdrew from Latin . Not happy about it but it had to be done and hopefully now I will be less stressful and be able to focus on my other classes more . 
i hate people who can not accept people and believe the world is black and white ? I hate people who think homosexual are immortally condemnedjust because of ONE story in Leviticus . The bible was written a long time ago for different people . 
:) I think I had a great night last night because instead of going back to sleep I woke even though I was tired I couldn't go back to sleep . I don't think I am depressed today . I had a swell night :) 
I hate facebook chat come people in charge you really need to fix all of the bugs in it lol . 
I lied today wasn't really that great . When is it ever though : ' -( 
I hate how people are here . So flaky and immature and all about the looks grow up people . High school ended . The introverted geek from high school will be your boss one day . So treat them with respect , nicey and give them a fucking < PROPMALE > . 
God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity To accept the things I cannot change ; Courage to change the things I can ; And wisdom to know the difference . 
Why do we fall ? So we can learn to pick ourselves up . 
actually listening to Shania Twain's CD UP for the first time and its way different from her earlier works . I know I am way behind on listening to it lol 
No matter how right your words are , you have to actually < PROPFEMALE > it out in order for them to have any meaning . 
I wish the weather was like this all year it feels great . Its isn't cold at all . 
Tomorrow are midterms for two of my classes . Thats bites but I get to come home Thursday night =D 
scanners on a < PROPMALE > sucks !!!!!!! 
Coffee please do the correct job this time . I need time awake I don't need you putting me to sleep like normal . 
I hate coffee's effect on my body I was already tired and it just knocked me out . 
In two hours my Mom will be here and then I am going Home :-) i wonder how dead Greenville will seem lol . 
Home Sweet Home . 
n brightest day , in blackest night , No evil shall escape my sight . Let those who worship evil's might , Beware my power ... Green Lantern's Light ! 
I enjoyed hanging out with my best friend < PROPFIRST > Gahret this weekend . 
I'm back at Toledo and all it has done since I have been here is rained lol . Enjoyed my time with my mom and family and friends . 
Pleaseput\ 
this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wishis \ 
that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice\ 
- people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and \ 
EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% of facebookers won't copy and paste this . Will you \ 
make it your status for at least one hour ? ? 
It's annoying how my dorms become alive between 10 and 4 at night when I am trying to study or sleep . I'm not the only one complaining about this either . Its frustrating . Can't they make noise during the day . Grr . 
The 10th please come and pass already . I'm not with my family for it this time . I just want you to go away already . I don't like you 10th . 
Thank you everyone who wish me a good birthday . I really appreciate it . Also please keep my brother in your prayers as he has surgery today to fix his hands . 
I ask someone out last night and she said yes . I should have known it was too good to be good . I guess I mistook what she said . 
My computer hates me . It will not turn on . Time to send it in to Staples . 
In class and bored . I just saw < PROPFEMALE > today and for some reason I am oddly complacent 
It's Christmas .... Not X-mas !!!!! Don't remove Christ from His Birthday !!! Post this if you agree ... Please don't X out the Lord !!! ( I'd like to see this on eveyone's wall !!! ) Jesus is the reason for the season !! 
My dorm room is so bloody hot . My room mate disagree and says its comfortable . I open the window and he says its freezing outside . We don't even get a breeze . Then I heard today that when the heaters get kicked on here its going to such . This sucks . 
The snow sure beats it raining all the time . 
For the first time in my life I have lost my voice . Hopefully I am good at charades . 
My voice is back yet I was just walking through UT food court and I saw someone who went and block for no reason just because I told them that I cared about them . Then anger from all my past rejections and abrupt ending came back to me . I'm angry . And I want to cuss so much but I can't . 
Had a talk with a friend from the past . Imissed her . I know psychology is the right path . I am meant to help people :) 
I'm trying to work on a few papers and plays . But I'm failing . Procrastinating like crazy . And its the last week of classes before exam :( 
Study , Study , Study for exams ... I need a break ... 
I am ready to go home I'll I have is three papers and one exam to go and then I can go home 
Two papers to go and one exam . I just want to go home . 
I'm slightly annoyed that my grades are not all up yet . Come on teachers get with the program . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
I'm packing for my trip back to school . Wonder what this semester will bring ? 
Back on Campus . Let see how this term is going to go . 
I already had humor for the day . In my Spanish class the teacher asked how much Spanish I had and after I told her she told me to get out because I knew too much . I already bought the expensive book so I'm staying . 
It is going to get really cold tonight . I am putting this room on ice before my room mate gets back in 4 hours . Lets see how much he can take . He wants to be a < PROPMALE > about burning me alive then I will freeze his ass off . 
My first week was very busy , hopefully this week is a little calmer . 
Space : the final frontier . These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise . Her ongoing mission : to explore strange new worlds , to seek out new life-forms and new civilizations ; to boldly go where no one has gone ... before . 
