Job Search ... going well ... Interviewing for a job in Fresno , CA ! 

Moving to Fresno , CA to become the Director of Distribution at a Food Bank that distributes 14 million pound a year ! Go west ! 
16 hours driving from Oklahoma City to Kingman . I ALMOST made it to Las Vegas ... Only an hour and a half . I think 16 hours is my new limit of driving . 
At Three Rivers , CA before Fresno APT hunting 
After 2 days of driving all over North Fresno and Clovis , I think I found the perfect apartment ! Stay tuned for pictures . 
I now love another thing about the Hooters within walking distance ... F R I E D PICKLES ! 
getting up early to distribute food at 5am until 8 or 9 pm . Second day on job . I'm ready to help ! 
is waking up again at 5:30 am to feed another 2800 people with the food bank of Fresno . I haven't even started yet . Let's do it ! 
forgot about Cali being broke and DMV furloughs when I tried to get a new Driver's license 
Back in Fresno . 
couldn't be happier 
glad to be at the food bank making news in Wall Street Journal , National Geographic , and finally getting noticed by the Feeding < PROPFEMALE > network 
Drove up the coast to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > stopping at the Seacliff beach . Nice and cool ! Forgot camera . No pics . 
determining the best actions to make the biggest difference ! 
took buss from northside to Fresno State and Agave Grill . I really miss the RELIABLE metro of Washington , DC !!! 
Everyone must se the movie , Invention of Lying ! 
is sick ... lingering , mild , not easy to fight off . 
Loved Zombieland ! Awesome movie ! < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was great in it ! LOL ! 
looking for a good movie ... whatch got ? 
wondering what you were you doing in 1985 when the movie Goonies came out ? I was out at woodlake earning to drive . 
wondering what you were you doing in 1985 when the movie Goonies came out ? I was out at woodlake estates learning to drive . 
Wow ! more bday wishes on facebook that last year ! I have great friends ! 
wondering who recognizes this quote \ ... I kept the book because it was the only thing I had left of you . \"" 
preparing for battle , hope it goes better than last time 
thinking how to make a hostile work environment work ... 
need a good movie . have to work Saturday . What movie can i see to escape ? 
talked to a friend that brought my spirits up tonight ... I really needed it . 
Two decades pass ; The quest begins ; to contribute , to find answers . Two decades pass ; making a living , yet to build a life , The quest ends . 
one week ' til vacation ! 
Movie Quote , \Forget about the real deal . You don't find it . it finds you . \"" 
What would you change about 2010 ? Any change could affect any opportunities ... There is a reason for everything ! 
If you don't like something change it ; if you can't change it , change the way you think about it . ~ Mary Engelbreit 
bye 
Yes , I am on the move again . I will also be deactivating this account until after I relocate . So , those of you that can see this , get my contact info before next week . I have a plan , I think . 
A week left of packing . As my plan takes more shape , I realize that I might be able to finish programming classes this Fall in my hometown . Lot's to catch up on such as Java , C# , and database/network connectivity . I might be ready to apply for Grad School Spring 2011 ( looks like 1-2 years ) . I feel better about this than stumbling around in the nonprofits and food banks . 
“love is knowing all about someone , and still wanting to be with them more than any other person , love is trusting them enough to tell them everything about yourself , including the things you might be ashamed of , love is feeling comfortable and safe with someone , but still getting weak knees when they walk into a room and smile at you . ” 
“been in love ? ... one stupid person , no different from any other ... wanders into your stupid life ... They did something dumb ... like ... smile at you ... It eats you out and leaves you crying in the darkness , so simple a phrase ... turns into a glass splinter ... It hurts . Not just in the imagination . Not just in the mind . ” < PROPMALE > Gaiman quotes 
What I need to live has been given to me by the earth . Why I need to live has been given to me by you . ~ Author Unknown Take away love and our earth is a tomb . ~ Robert Browning 
What movie ... “No , you are asking me to give up my , my freedom , my < PROPFEMALE > de vivre for an institution that fails as often as often it succeeds , and why should I marry you anyway and why do you want to marry me ? besides some bourgeois < PROPFEMALE > to fulfill an ideal that society embeds in us from an early age to promote a consumer capitalistic agenda . ” ; Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
\Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get - only with what you are expecting to give - which is everything\ " ~ Katherine Hepburn ; Happy < PROPFIRST > to all my friends that are in love ! " 
Friens with iphones , what app do I need to wirelessly send a file from ihone to computer ? Without having to email it to myself . 
Good news -> My car is getting repaired a week early ; bad news -> gov't delayed refund check two weeks ... WTF ?!! Give me a break ! 
I like the new Facebook Social Graph API and the LIKE button for webpages , but it is playing havac with my PHP code and header () utility . 
Can you see me teaching 14 OSU employees microsoft office ? Always wanted the opportunity to teach ... Heading to Oklahoma ( Stillwater , OKC ) for job search for a while . 
Found great opportunity at entry level programming position at my < PROPFEMALE > mater , OK State . Wish me luck ! Excited about moving back to Stillwater . Should know next week . 
What will destrory facebook ? Automated Clutter posts from games . I don't want to know how much fake money you wagered and won , people killed , or what your imaginary animals/pets are doing , but I can't block that without blocking what real life status updates . 
Can facebook localize and help daily news ? Replace the political pundits with your friends ! Why would we trust strangers to explain the news to us ? 
Does my profile pic sort of look like I got a little captain ( < PROPFIRST > ) in me ? LOL ! I just noticed ! 
is watching X-Play via @playPHILO http://bit.ly/9T3lqc 
is watching BBC World News < PROPFEMALE > via @playPHILO http://bit.ly/a559RQ 
Can we blame MTV for ' Reality ' shows derived from Real World then Road Rules ? I kinda miss the Music Videos now ! :) 
is watching E3 2010 Live via @playPHILO http://bit.ly/chaXNJ \E3 Live ! \"" 
is watching Definitely , Maybe via @playPHILO http://bit.ly/aezatF 
I hear that the new iOS for iPhone will be available noon central time 
downloading iOS4 for the iphone 3GS !!! Finally ! 
One thing to get used to is the double click on home/start button twice to review running apps . Once viewing , hold finger on one of those apps to bring up negative sign to close . I wonder if apps shut down after a while . Need to check settings I love it ! 
iOS4 has threading an puts all inboxes of multiple emails together which is worth the 45 minute download . 
Leaving < PROPFIRST > ... 
Thinking of heading to < PROPMALE > Savage about 8pm in Shreveport . Any of you locals that still know who this is should comment and join me . 
testing private post to one group 
You can send wall posts to specifi friends lists and specific friends using custom selection ... That lock symbol by the share button specifies each wall post . AH HA ! Just do not set it to default because there is a lock sybol by each post on wall that shows who it went too . Wow ! I wonder if it works . 
< PROPFEMALE > , can you see this wall post ? I posted this message to the wall and only specified that you see it . If your mom can't see this on my wall , then I figured out what I < PROPMALE > trying to for months ! < PROPFEMALE > or anyone else , comment to this if you can read it . Use the Lock icon where you post on your wall . It seems to filter each wallpost ... but we'll see . 
iHeartRadio App . It's got the Brew ! 
Day 1 : Woke up late . Heading to < PROPFIRST > , TX to find place to live for new job on July 15rh . Nice overcast weather for cool drive . Who says texting and driving is dangerous ? I only hit a few birds and a couple squirrels . I know I could have gotten more if I wasn't typing ! ;) 
Made it around < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > rain . Still should make < PROPFIRST > , TX by 5pm . One tank of gas WILL NOT make it from OKC to < PROPFIRST > . Now , it's partly < PROPFEMALE > on I20E . 
I just deposited my first check CIA my iPhone 
My new place ... 5415 Old Bullard Rd , #210 , < PROPFIRST > , TX 75703 ... Send me a postcard to wallpaper my new cubicle when I start July 15th ! 
Farmers ' market @ Chimney Rock & 69 was small and expensive . They had some of the largest blackberries that I've seen . There were maybe 12 booths . There is another market behind the mall that looked twice as big Tues , Wed , and Thur . Tried the Mocha at Chez Bakery across from JW Finns . 
Someone forgot to tell me that < PROPFIRST > ( Smith County ) is dry ! No worries . I live in walking distance to several clubs where they sell liquor by the drink . 
Texas license and auto registration is the worst . It's averaged them 15 minutes to take a picture and call the next person 
You know you are getting too old ... 
First Day at work ! Totally different environment than being in charge of operations . Why again did I get away from database management ? 
Dud anyone see Inception . Is he still dreaming ? 
I think half my facebook connections probably find it strange that I communicate through this more than my entire < PROPFIRST > School days , huh ? ;) 
Okay , second week on the wagon and first week of work . I gotta head towards the closest boarder for wine and beer . Can some one please explain the purpose of dry counties ? Any friends in Shreveport , let me know what'scha doing this weekend . 
Going to check whiskey myers at down under pub at 10 
I just forgot what we called a VHS tape player ... VCR ! When's the last time you've used one ? 
' just set the damn cake on fire ' from Murphy's Romance . That's what I'm going to say October 26 on my birthday . 
I had never watched < PROPMALE > Met < PROPFEMALE > before tonight . It wasn't bad . 
\Life is wasted on people . \ " from Greenburg " 
Just watched Ever Since The World Ended . Post a plague that left 186 people in L.A. Shot in a documentary style . 
\The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved . \ " 
yep ... just checking in as I prepare for my next birthday this month . 
I think I will plan to go to the Red River Revel next weekend to watch D I R T F O O T !!!! and get some crawfish . 
You have to see The Social Network . Don't worry , it does not make Zuckerberg or facebook out to be evil . The were a lot of interesting characters in the story . i want to find the other facebook book to read . 
Revel was fun ! Now for a night cap at the < PROPMALE > Savage in my mug ! 
Our love is God , let's go get a Slushie ... 
“A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it . ” 
Am I really a self-absorbed , anxious perfectionist ? 
Okay . I am just an anxious introvert in need of some oxytocin ... 
What fools really believe or still strive for the ease of upward class mobility ? 
It's raining hard s of < PROPFIRST > 
Is there a good haunted house this weekend in OKC 
Hit Greenville , TX and missed most of the heavy rain . 
Home at last ! Missed all the storms ! 
I got carded at Buffalo Wild Wings on my 40th birthday ! Excellent ! 
I was just thinking how many years 40 gave been . How many times have I started over . All the different groups of friends I had . DC was still the best experience ! 
I'm not a Senior Citizen , not to be confused with senior leadership , but am I one of those ' Older Adults ' yet ? 
i hate being sick on the weekend ! I wonder how man shots of < PROPFEMALE > it would take to make me feel better 
Personal Mission Statement : Accept that which you cannot change ; change that which you cannot accept ... sounds like me , right ? 
Thanksgiving party lunch at work . I made 2 pecan pies , 1 apple crisp pie , and a sex-in-a-pan . Hungry ? Donate to your local food bank because these pies are going to go quick ! 
If you want to understand silly old me , you have to See the movie How DO You Know ... I'm not a fan of Ruud , but I'll watch anything with Reese Witherspoon . 
San < PROPMALE > bound ! Be there until Saturday . 
Ready for Oscars ? What party appetizers or drinks are you planning ? 
