Watchin \The Runaways \"" 

sittin here wit baby < PROPFEMALE > 
seriously thinkn bout changin my name 
sittin here tryin to pass time .. 
sittin here wit shye listen to some kottonmouth kings 
today was awesome 
I love my life 
got my hair cut .. i like it 
Dang almost forgot my middle name haha 
haha my day was awesome 
tryin to focus on homework .. 
This week tired me out .. 
Today was great cept had to swim in PE , gots a math test tomorrow too ... sooo not ready 
Hella tired ... and bored 
the days going great 
another awesome day 
Interesting day .. interesting costumes 
Being positive really helps me get thru the days .. makes them go by faster 
Its been like forever !.. Missing him so much 
I hate the snow ! 
Awesome ! 
So happy its the weekend .. 
well im done wit myspace so add me on fb 
goin to the movies .. 
goin to eat at julians dinner 
today went well .. watchin tv with my dad and < PROPFEMALE > 
so tired .. well at least i can sleep in 
jus sittin here listenin 2 music with < PROPFEMALE > asleep in my arms 
feelin sick . :( 
feelin much better ! Hope todays goes good 
WoW ! my dad jus came home from work wit 3 < PROPFEMALE > bars 4 me hehe 
still pretty tired .. gonna head up town 
haha shyes a tardo =P 
In a Great mood rite now !!!!!! 
Today went rather well .. bought some things , visited my bro , went to the movies , and put up the christmas tree ! :) 
so bored .. need something to do 
Haha today was great !!.. the things people say sometimes :D 
spending the day with ArJ , < PROPFEMALE > , and baby < PROPMALE > .. Gotta Luv Them ! 
hmmm I was tired .. now im wide awake 
Oookkkk .. guess im goin to the movie tonight haha 
I want to do something today but dont kno wat 
Feelin a little more accomplished .. hope tomorrow goes fast . I need a break ! 
Yes skools out and Im sooo excited for xmas .. hope it dont go by fast 
excited and hyper all day .. I Luv It !!!!!! 
Me and my dad r hella bored nd goin crazy .. need to get out of the house 
Got a feeling todays going to be busy but i dont mind 
very satisfied even if it hasnt started 
Dont know wat Im goin to do tomorrow .. 
Haha day was boring until i got to see my best friend 
As good as life is for me .. I wish i lived somewhere else ! lol somewhere warm 
Way happy rite now .. 
once again the days go by fast .. for me . 
aside from being tired im havin a great day :) 
Welp my headache came back . :( 
Awesomeday ! &going2the movies 
I dont want to live in Wy no more .. i just want to go somewhere better . This state got nothing to offer :( 
This day was very interesting .. Im happy ! 
My dad took the rest of the day off to spend time with me . going to go eat lunch and head to casper . 
I keep thinking todays sunday haha 
Yepp .. the day went good aside from getting a headache 
I hope tomarrrow is exciting and fun .. not just another day . 
I think its been forever since i said anything so ... HI ! 
Welp .. here in < PROPMALE > . really needed to get away from wyo for a bit 
