I NEED ONLY ONE PERSON TO BE APART OF MY MOB PLZ HELP JUST ADD IT YOU DONT HAVE TO PLAY 

I would like more friends to play Mobsters with me 
looking for more Mafia War friends :) 
black 
i yelled at a bird bath in line at the bank because that's how i roll . 
roads suck 
i drove my bf car and i liked it 
i had fun swimming and sqare dancing this weekend : ) 
i think i did good on my math test i hope 
so i got an A in math yay for the first time . to get i B in the class , like i need , i have to get a B on the Final ya good luck 
i gave plasma and it took all day 
only one more final to go 
last final today yayaya 
I\M DONE " 
no more math forever hahaha 
gave plasma to day and got extra $ 
my sister and her children are coming back from Mexico in < PROPFIRST > . sometime 
in your own words what is love ? 
going quare dancing tonight 
going to have a good week end ;) and bringing in some money on top of it 
yard sale this weekend will finaly be getting rid of all that junk 
g- sale went well ... finished watching my friends house ... all is back to normal even my hours at work ... it is slightly sad but they might find me more hours hopefully 
< PROPMALE > has asked me to apply for their distinguished student program you have to pay some money to look good and do some extra work but i'm going to try to get in 
going camping and quare dancing this weekend 
my sisters coming home on sunday !!! 
my sister is home 
i rode a horse and had fun :) but My Bf has sun pioson :( and could not ride with me 
ate Octopus it is a little rubbery i had it in jerky form :) 
went to ceder piont :) 
so ready for fireworks 
life is good :) 
If your brave you'll copy this onto your wall and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) Crazy(2 ) Wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5)loveable ( 6 ) sexy(7 ) strong ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) mouthy ( 11 ) wild(12 ) goofy ( 13)funny ( 14 ) awesome ( 15 ) amazing ( 16 ) beautiful ( 17)cute ( 18 ) ... best ... friend ( 19 ) silly ( 20 ) I want to get to know you 
i helped < PROPMALE > a cow that got loose next to the daycare 
sad my cousin on my dad's side of the family mckayla Died last night in her sleep she was 11yr and a perfectly happy and healthly child 
got a black dress for the funeral :( 
my computer is broken at the moment so :( 
i'm going to hell and i'm taking my bf with me 
I've been to hell and back and liked it lol 
going camping 
had fun camping 
school started 
helping < PROPFIRST > move 
buying a house in brewster if any one needs cheep rent for a room ( < PROPFIRST > ) let me know 
the price is right and i'm paying for the new house :) 
never buy a house from < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > they just made me run through hoops and almost take a whole day off work for some paper work that needed done right then and there or the whole deal would be off i dont know who they thought they were but i was mad 
the fair was fun :) 
got keys to my house 
were did the chat go ? i dont see anyone 
had fun playing halo :) and i WON it was amazing lol 
thank you all for the Happy Birthdays :) 
had a wonderful time with < PROPFIRST > and got nice shoes at the mall and for a mall it was not so bad but i did send a lot of the time in the toy store lol 
computers still broke :( 
have a happy christmas :) 
in S.D. for wedding 
had fun with < PROPFIRST > and friends :) 
i got a new computer Yay ! 
there is low power to part of the house so we do not have a stove running water or heat in my room lol fun not ... 
< PROPMALE>'s birthay party :) 
had a good time at < PROPFIRST>'s family get together 
