I love , I loved you all along . I've missed been you far away for far to long . I keep dreaming you'll be with me and never let go . Stop breathin if I don't see you anymore . 

Happy 2k11 
Time to ger ready for school ...... 
I have no energy smh ... 
UGHHHHHHH I can smell your scent lol 
i swear me and tmobile are goin to have it out 
TMOBILE IS FULL OF SHIT AND THEY CAN KISS MY ASS HOW ARE YOU GOING TO GIVE ME A DAMN CREDIT AND THEN TAKE THAT SHIT SMH FUKAS 
smh ......... sometimes i just dont think shit thru 
Happy Birthday to my Aiden !!!!!!! 
Playin with my money is like playing with my emotions . i've been too nice to niggas just for me to only get screwed smh . 
Im seriously in my feelins rite nw ..... 
Every nigga is tha same . Point blank PERIOD . 
Birds of a feather flock together and the apple never falls to far from the tree . This has been proven to me today . 
A good christian man .... lets see how this goes 
I have a date today ..... super excited ! 
Smh these insecure females these days . Don't waste your time tryna see what is goin on in my life . Instead work on build on your self esteem . 
Rachet ass hoes man I swear ....... 
I flip my real hair and keep it pushin 
I am not one to entertain folderol . I myself would continue to show puerile . I rather not immerse myself in any commotions like that . I am rather to shrewd , amiable , and benevolent . I can not indulge in a palaver with people who are inferior to knowledge . knowing that you have no apprehension of my correspondence . Lets me know that you are in a proletariat . 
Girl drop it to tha floooor ..... I love the way yo booty gooooooooo 
I am so effin sore ...... 
So ....... how do you get rid of your feelins for someone ? 
Say what you mean and mean what you say . Do not tell me what I want to hear . Tell me tha truth . Be 100 always I really do not like games . Just always make yourself clear . 
Every morning I wake up ..... my heart feels as if it's breaking again . Scars my heal but the are permenent reminders . Tha pain of love never fades 
What to eat ? 
He can lay it down .......... but Ima beat it up 
About to make sum stuffed pork chops , potatoes and mac&cheese . And I jus had a flash back of smoking ( relapse ) . Might have to find sum one to smoke with . 
I could care less of what someone thinks of me . I march to the beat of my own drum . I am not a trendsetter nor am I a trend-follower . I live life the way I would like and expect no one to try to recreate my genius . Always and truly me .......... 
Like in poker your bluffing . Tryin to make others think your something your not . So before you go all in nigga . Think about who can see right thru your plot . And fold before you catch a flush . 
I WANNA GO SHOPPIN .... BUT I WILL BE BROKE IF I DO UGHHH LIFE SUCKS ..... I WISH I COULD REWIND TIME AND GO BACK TO THA DAYS WHERE SHIT WAS KOO 
I miss him :( 
These two are gna drive my nerves today ..... 
Only 9 inches :( 
School then happy hour ...... my 8th class for tha year will be finished tonite ! YAY IM SO PROUD OF MYSELF ! 
Is a beautiful season .... 
< PROPFEMALE > ovas suck ..... 
If I go back this time it will be for good ..... cause thats gna be tha nigga I marry 
There goes my baby ..... 
Your in the unconscious part of my mind ..... cause without giving thought to you . My thoughts always surround you . 
Ugh Im lost in my own boredom ... 
Any one interested in an American bulldog .... he is 1.5 years ..... hit me up if interested 
I wanna do sumn tonite .... but no one to chill wit ;( 
Damn it's sad when you momma talk shit about you on f . b ...................... smh 
Time to get it in ! 
Ima need tha niggas that wanna clown me to actually make some sense . Take ya ass back to skool and learn how to prepare and write a paragraph before you talk shit . 
Catfish , bacon and eggs ...... legggooo 
One of these days ima kill < PROPFEMALE > ......................... 
I want some damn Jerusalems ..... 
Ima cook and go to slp ...... 
Im full now Im sleepy .... 
This year you mo fo's is payin for me to do taxes 
The sneezes are unbearable smh ...................... why cant someone take care of me for once ?????? 
My heart jus broke into a million and ten damn pieces .......... 
Defense ....................... SUCKS < PROPMALE > ASS ................. ORTON CAN KISS MY ASS ...... I HAVE NEVER SEEN NOTHING LIKE THIS ..... THEY ARE WIDE FUKN OPEN AND NO ONES THERE TO STOP THESE NIGGAS ........ THEY HAVE LIKE 200 YARDS ALREADY SMH ...... TEBOW BETTER PRAY 
Thank you Jesus !!!!!!! 
I feel like freakin crap man ......... 
God is awesome .... 
Im dne with tha whole kid thing .... 
Ive never fell in love , tripped over it but never fell in to it . 
Armani is so damn mean to my Amari 
Damn they shut limewire down smh ...... 
I won two burritos at taco smells highlight of my day ! 
Life is wat it is ..... 
Where should this tat go ? 
Ever notice how all of women’s problems start with MEN ? \ 
MENtal illness\ 
MENstrual cramps\ 
MENtal breakdown\ 
MENopause ... \ 
GUYnecologist\ 
\ 
AND when we have a REAL trouble , it’s a\ 
HISterectomy 
When you tell me to stop , thats when I will stop . Until then I'm going hard , because I always get what I want . 
Crazy night can't believe it man .......... 
\You are all I need and never let go \"" 
I hate when I dont have no one to talk to man ...... 
i must admit ...... I not up for trick or treatin ...... 
We dnt have no damn < PROPFEMALE > 
Smh I will never understand men .......... 
Blah blah blah ................ 
This nigga is goin to be pissed at me smh ..... 
People tend to contradict themselves alot . 
Tired tired tired .... 
I came in this world by myself ...... I m gonna leave by myself ...... Only ppl who matter are my kids . All others can line up and jump off a damn bridge . 
This is so goin to suck never pick overnight shifts on daylight savings night . You will be very upset working that extra hour . 
I am so tired man ..... and still have so much to do 
Why do the cricket and tmobile customer service agents sound the same 
I\ 
have carried a human ife inside my body . I have comforted a baby on my \ 
chest . I have been puked peed & pooped on . I've woken up to a hungry\ 
baby & stayed up all night with a newborn baby , but I wouldn't have\ 
it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in \ 
the mirror , I see a MOM , and there i see ... no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status f you are proud to be a MOM ?? 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
i seriously can not stand when people are judgmental ...... that shit drives my damn nerves up the wall . 
hmmmmm maybe I will get some time for cakin before my week is swallowed up by other ish . 
new number hit tha inbox for it 
off till tuesday ..... major slepp in process 
You took my heart and put it in the bottom of your shoe . You took my stuff and prolly don't even know you did . 
All this time I was lovin you . But you where lovin her . So after I was lovin you and you were lovin her .. Who was lovin me . 
buenos dias ......... 
Finally resolving that issue for my last check from a year ago . 
fuk this headache 
Another damn 24 hours . And I already fell tired smh . I really need a break but that will not happen in the near furture . 
Fuk you , fuk you , fuk you , you're koo and fuk you too 
It's only 12 the night is movin so damn slow . I'm goin to go find a box in a dark corner . And go to slp lol . If only that shit could work . 
When ya tell every girl the same shit . It's called running game . I'm ammune to that shawty . Here the same bullshit allday everyday . 
I'm about to pass out in the car ..... 
I am so fukn pissed off ...... and I am so close too losing my damn voice this morning 
Why are these niggas really tryna get a nigga ? 
I am tryna decide where sleep fits in my schedule today . 
niggas be on that cpt 
Man I hate waitin on niggas this shit is ridiculous 
My day was simply amazing . Went to breakfast , spent time with mom and had a couple beers . Great Sunday with the homie . Some of yall boys need to peep game . This is tha kind of shit females like . 
Niggas is really tryna wife a nigga 
ok time to hit tha hay ! 
I'm so damn sleepy 
The best love is the kind that weakens our souls . So that we may reach for more . It puts fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds . 
Happy turkey day 
I'm full ..... nd now I have that niggaitis 
I got my smoosh smoosh this morin ....... 
:-( × ten 
Babes is knocked out ....... I need to find the remote I'm tired of sports center 
Babes made me breakfast ! Gotta love him ..... I'm in such a great mood right now 
Work , school and more work . I'm not goin to be home till tomorrow 
I need a beer asap ........ 
#550 man you are my ace boo koo lol . You have seen me go through so much through these years . And even tho we are not blood nigga your my fav auntie . Nd I love you bunches . P.s. Have them < PROPMALE > limes ready friday 
inbox them < PROPFIRST > ...... 
#21 I like you .... your respectful and funny as hell .... we gne have to drink together but no funny shit involved lol 
I feel so bad for Miley Cyrus ..... but that shit was funny 
I'm so ready for xmas ....... I'm freakin geeked !!!!!! Lil niggas is gettin everything they asked for . I'm also excited to see what I'm gettin from babes . Still gotta find his shit tho . Gotta thank God for blessin me nd the fam ! 
I'm so fukn tried man ...... I don't see why I am still awake 
#7 didn't knw tha game was still goin lol but I think ur a sweetheart even tho you hella left us 
Awwwww man gotta finish shoppin ...... And this shit has to be done tonite 
Fukn Broncos !!!!! I'm goin to drink this pain away lol ........ Time to get my ass up tho 
So I am bringin in this mutha fucka by myself ....... kool beans don't send all tha hoopla txts nd shit I'm not up for it 
Thankful for my family . My babies I love em to death . Closest thing to my heart and I can't live with out em ' . And my babes glad I have someone equally as stupid as I am lol . Tomorrow makes for new beginnings a fresh new start . It's not the year that's takin affect for me jus this eclipse tomorrow . 
I need to pay my fone < PROPMALE > . So if you owe me money ( cough cough ) be ever so kind nd pay me my shit back . Thank you =) 
Been so nice to ppl man which made me slack off in other parts of life . Never again will I hold anyone up if they can't hold me down . Lesson learned 
You didnt want to listen to her crys . So shes not going to listen to your pleas . < PROPFEMALE > is a muthafuka 
Eyes bloodshot ..... tears wont stop runnin . Dont know how to fix this one . 
Hit tha daddy stroke lol .......... 
I'd like to take tha time I lost and give it back to you . But you just smile and take my hand . You've been there you understand . 
I <3 me some you :) 
New bed ......... thank you Jesus ...... Im about to sleep like a newborn 
I'm fustrated ........ fuckn fustrated ....... I hate when ppl try to play games . Take ur ass to the arcade with that shit . I don't take loose change over here . 
Smh when will niggas learn ? 
