Today's menu : 1 gallon of attitude , 3 cups of sarcasm , 2 tbsp of leave me the hell alone , and a generous cup of shut the fuck up ! 

KOC is back 
What do you say to someone who leaves you because they don't love you enough , yet they are the only person who has ever made you happy and you can't imagine being with anyone else ?? 
You ever have that feeling that your heart has been ripped from your chest and that your will to live is growing ever fainter ? That one person can cause this much pain to another is absolutely ridiculous and if they choose to do it they should be drawn and quartered 
Feeling dead inside and the only person that can do anything about it doesn't want to ......... life is crap 
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together . 
It is my opinion that nothing helps a guy get over a bad breakup than getting hammered at the local gentleman's club 
How does one live when all happiness is gone ? When there is nothing left but emptiness ? I wish there was a way to just turn off , cease to exist . Maybe then the hurt would end , and joy could be found on the other side ..... 
I would like to apologize for my actions and the worry they caused last night . As many know I am going through a bit of a rough patch and not taking it very well . thank you for your concerns everyone 
For non-pet owners who visit and like to complain about our pets : 1 . They live here , you don't . 2 . If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' fur'-niture . 3 . I LOVE MY PETS BETTER THAN I LIKE MOST PEOPLE . 4 . To you , they are animals . To ... me , they are kids who are short , hairy , walk on all fours and love me unconditionally . Copy & Post if you love your pet ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone 
Just finished mowing the yard , hotter than hell out . Now I just need to do laundry , put away clothes , clean the living room , and clean my disaster of a bedroom ...... ugh 
How do you stop the pain of loving someone who can't love you back ? I know that I screwed up many times over , but I know that nothing she could ever do would make me stop loving her . Even if she had chosen that other guy , I would've still loved her , no matter how much it hurt me ............. This life sucks 
Will you ever understand what you mean to me ? Or am I doomed to fighting a battle of neverending heartache .... 
Frustrated as all get out right now , get hell at work and get hell at home . I try to be understanding and keep people happy , but I'm done . From now on it's about me , to hell with my boss , impossible customers , and with the woman who destroyed my heart ..... especially the woman who destroyed my heart . 
So I'm sitting in a hospital again , they're talkin about taking my gall bladder out , apparently it is inflamed and infected . I have also decided that morphine is bad , they gave me some last night cause I was in ridiculous pain , just made me pass out 
Just went through an hour and a half of some imaging thing , the table hurt my back and the hormone they gave me that activated my gall bladder caused the same exact pain that I went through last night that brought me here 
No idea when they're gonna let me out , but at least they're gonna give me some real food 
Wow work was rough today , worked 2 hours at 3/4 speed and felt like I had worked 12 at 100% . This whole recuperation thing is a pain in the aaaaaass !! 
Ever sit back and wonder what kind of jerk you must have been in a past life to deserve all the crap that happens in this one ? 
Driving a delivery truck and delivering heavy furniture for 13 1/2 hours is exhausting . 
Didn't sleep for sh ! t last night , back spasming like hell . At least my AFLAC disability insurance kicks in on wednesday . 
Oh god ..... homemade mexican food ..... my pretty ok carne asada , < PROPFEMALE > made beans , spanish rice , and pico de gallo . Then there were tortillas , avacados , queso fresco , and sour cream . Made for some bomb diggity burritos . 
Do or do not , there is no try\ 
~ Yoda 
Mr. Obama , while we are at it , can we go ahead & put a beautiful statue of LeeHarvey Oswald on the grassy knoll in < PROPFIRST > & maybe even throw a huge celebration shrine over the < PROPFEMALE > Harbor monument in honor of the Japanese victory that took place there . Yes , Mr. President , IT IS THE ............ SAME THING as allowing a mosque to be built near Ground Zero . Copy and re-post if you agree ! 
why does facebook always want to know what's on my mind ? What if there's nothing on my mind ? Or what if it's not family friendly thoughts ? 
So the birthday girl decided that she didn't want spaghetti and that I needed to make meatloaf .......... so guess what's in the oven .... 
ugh work ...... I don't wanna do it 
Thank god it's finally the weekend ...... this week totally sucked 
I think I need to see a doctor .... Lately I've been losing all strength in my right hand and it's frustrating . Now it's starting to hurt and it's not very coordinated . Gotta talk to my boss about it cause I know it's work related ...... sucks 
work sucks , hand hurts , really really need a vacation 
note to self : when delivering 300 pound sofas , keep hands away from doors . \ 
\ 
going to get my hand x-rayed to figure out why I'm losing strength and coordination in my right hand . Hopefully it's nothing serious . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY four words , what would you say to me ? ( Note : If you comment , you have to copy and paste this into your status . Be fair , play along ) 
So good news , there are no broken bones in my hand . The bad , I have badly inflamed tendons and muscles . Get to see the therapist tomorrow to find out how to fix it ..... yay :( 
? U.S military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their families while we are safe at home In the minute it takes to read this military members all over the world are not only saving lives but risking their own for our freedoms If you are in the military love a military member or support our troops repost ...... to show your appreciation and thank those who are serving or have served for our country .? 
i say , f*ck you , get a life , man i got too much sh*t on my head to have to deal with all of you \ 
- Lil < PROPMALE > 
To my friends , I am closing my facebook account this weekend . message me for my personal email if you still want to keep in touch 
You know how sometimes a runner doesn't step quite right and they stumble along for a few steps wondering if they're gonna get their footing back ..... that's how I've felt the last few years . 
words can be the most powerful tool of pain if they're used by someone you care about 
Stressed out ..... oh what to do ? 
So I was gonna get some thanksgiving stuff I forgot when I went to the store before , but the 3 stores on the way home were stupid packed , no parking whatsoever 
so this new secretary at work named < PROPFEMALE > is bein a total cunt today . Apparently she's all pissy cause no one here likes her 
Finally got a haircut today . Damn do i look good 
sometimes i wonder if the internet is evil . Or how cheating can be defined in this electronic age . Is an exchange of words enough to be considered cheating ? thoughts anyone ? 
Don't want to eat , can't sleep , stressed as all get out . I thought things were getting better but I guess I was wrong . Life is sh ! t 
When problems blow up and ruin life you know its time to seek help . Hopefully this doesn't turn out to be too little , too late . 
So I finally managed to eat and keep it down , only now my stomach is killing me . Hopefully I can get leveled out at the Dr. ' s today . As much as I hate medication , the combination of stress , depression , and anxiety is pretty much killing me . 
all i wanna do is go home to the love of my life and my kids and some punk ass bitch is making things harder every day cause he's tryin to catch syn on the rebound . This is bull . I've lost 10 pounds in 4 days because of stress 
So this guy I knew many years ago who was full of life , always laughing and smiling no matter what life threw at him , well he met this amazing woman and fell in love . That guy got lost and has been missing for a long time . There is hope that he is returning , this is my cry for help , I need to find that again . Still in love with the same woman and always will be but need to find my smile and my laugh again . 
if all is fair in love and war , then what are the rules when you have both simultaneously ? 
If everyone could hope and pray for the fantastical for me that would be great . Thanks 
Why can't she see that I love her , that she is everything to me . I'm so tired of being torn apart by every thought of her . All she sees is these little kids that she is currently obsessed with . I'm dying inside and she's < PROPFEMALE > the cradle . sh ! tty 
ugh I hate mondays ..... 
Why can't i get her off my mind ? Why do the memories make my heart feel like a ball of lead in my stomach ? Life would be so much easier if i could just turn off feeling and forget how much i love her . Damn damn damn 
There are the normal ( . )( . ) , the silicone ( + )( + ) , the perfect ( o)(o ) Some are cold (^) (^) and some belong to grandmothers \\./\\./ And let’s not forget the very large(o Y o ) , the very small (.) (.) and the asymmetrical (•) (.) We love them all !... Post this message on your wall and say ??? (?_?) ??? to breast cancer ? YAAY FOR BOOBIES ! 
So I've pretty much decided I'm an idiot . 
It's pretty sad when a relationship , which is all about trial and error , falls apart and one of the parties has absolutely no respect for the feelings or well being of the other . It really makes it difficult to work together and the ones that really suffer are the children .. 
So the woman I love , the mother of my children , hates me now . Apparently all her preaching about compromise was just preaching and she never intended to follow it . Maybe one day we can both act like adults and talk about things but right now I'm done being pushed around by her 
So apparently I'm always the bad guy , whether or not I did anything wrong , I'm still the bad guy .. Go figure 
If your life doesn't have a bright side ....... then polish the darkside . 
So totally stressed right now , have no idea what to do either ... 
if you've been trying to get ahold of me through fb i apologize for not answering . My laptop picked up a nasty bugger of a virus and i'm having trouble getting rid of it at the moment . Hopefully i'll be back on soon 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries BEFORE helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . I ... know I am the in the 1 % ! 
stressed out , pissed off , someone please shoot me now . 
heart rate way up , blood pressure way up . Aint stress grand 
I find it hilarious how some people claim to be christians and yet they treat people like crap . They claim to be mature and yet they call names like little kids on the playground . For the record I am neither christian or all that mature , but at least I don't gotta lie to make myself feel good ..... 
Get your zombie apocalypse survival < PROPFEMALE > ready , the world is obviously ending . blizzard warning in north < PROPFEMALE > and tsunami warning in california . 
Ok so I have a new xbox live gamertag , playin black ops currently , if anyone wants to add me my gamertag is MakRcuM 
Where am I going ? And where did this handbasket come from ? Is it getting hotter ? Oh this cant be good 
I'm getting a dog tonight , a miniature pinscher named Remy . It's been almost 6 years since my puppy < PROPMALE > died and I think it's time that I moved on . I'll post some pics of him when he gets here . 
My dog ran away last night and I'm devastated . My first emotional connection in 3 months and it's gone . 
My Remy dog is home . An angel called the PD saying that she found a minpin and they called me . As soon as I got there I knew it was him with his lopsided ears and silly way of walking on his back legs . I am overjoyed to have my puppy back . 
