MAN we need to find a house quick ! And did I mention I HATE packing up stuff . 

this whole \digital t.v. switchover\ " is ruining EVERYTHING ! " 
never sleeps right when Ba isn't here ! 
first night as apartment dwellers ... thanks to ALL who helped move today . 6 months and a new house are gonna come quick ... hopefully ! 
Dear Land of Awesome Sandwiches , I'm headed your way soon . Go ahead and pluck some extra plantains for me , please ... 
time keeps on tickin tickin tickin into the future ... 
Back in town now ... from Cuba with love ! 
got home just in time for < PROPMALE > to get sick ... woo hoo 
talk to ya'll laturr ... Peace an Blessins ya'll ... Peace an Blessin ! 
Behold the Lionfish ... Like all dangerous predators , He is both terrifying and deceptively harmless in his appearance . But don't be fooled .. the only thing worse than encountering one of these most dangerous of aquatic life is underestimating it's power ! Just ask any Cuban ... 
totally time for a youtube account ... too much to share ! More to follow soon 
' s booty is still sore from that 3 a.m. butt chewin from < PROPMALE>'s mom . How long has it been since someone else's momma called you out like you were the son she never had ? Well neighbor , thats too long ! It was totally worth it though ! Good Times ... 
woo hoo !!! go get em everyone ! Have a FANTASTIC FIRST DAY AT SCHOOL ... 
What a great thought to start off this morning . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > - August 28 , 1749 Goethe was born . Lesson of Faust : The devil will give you all you want in this life to have you in the next . 
dish soap + slip n slide = snoring 3 year old ! 
The angels are still rockin out b/c of our new sister tonight ! Great job chicas ... and welcome to the family , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Let us hold fast the confession of our hope without wavering , for He who promised is faithful * Hebrews 10:23 I'm just sayin ... 
whew ... what a day ! 
\You have achieved excellence as a leader when people will follow you everywhere if only out of curiosity . \ " - < PROPMALE > Powell " 
Wow , its like , for one brief hour we all get to feel like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on a cold February morning , isn't it ? The best part about repeating 1 AM is being awake to appreciate it ... can i get an AMEN ? 
Happy Birthday Sesame Street ! Thanks for a lifetime of learning with the gang . ( This status update was brought to you by the letters T and Y , and by the number 3 !!! ) 
Day 3 @GreatWolfLodge : We just got back from a full morning at the water park . Now mommy is off to a relaxing afternoon at the spa , and we are about to become \Master Magi\ " to fight the Red Dragon ! " 
Good news everyone ... Traci's spa day was magical , our evening was water AND fun filled , and we have officially vanquished the kingdom of the pesky Red Dragon !!! A great end to a great day . 
The last place you wanna be in a foot race is behind the guy with no foots 
What to get for the guy who has everything : Help MOVING tomorrow so we can be in the new house before Christmas ! You don't even have to wrap that up or anything ! txt me or just come on by the APT @10 in the morning ... 
5 more minutes till I do something drastic like pour the sweet tea and Dr. Pepper down the drain ... Be strong , < PROPMALE > . you ... can ... resist ... 
looking forward to tomorrow ... exciting things are happening at ORBC 
< PROPFEMALE > scan thermometer : $34.99 , anti-nausia/fever reducing/tummy cramp medicine for kids : $6.99 , wishing i could trade places with my sick little boy instead of just taking care of him : priceless 
the boy is feeling much better . He is chillin on the couch in his spiderman suit and has just finished a preliminary cracker and pedialyte snack . Happy to say that we have a NO-GO for Launch ! 
\There is nothing like the sight of an amputated spirit ... there is NO prosthetic for that ... \"" 
I'm good enough , I'm smart enough , and dog-gone-it , people like me ~ ! Have you had YOUR daily affirmation ? hahahahaha 
somebody say cookies ? 
So PUMPED about DNOW2010 @GOBC this weekend ! Looking forward to all the leaders becoming a really cool picture frame to showcase God's Glory ... Hebrews 1:3 
is proud of < PROPFIRST > Mcmichael ! about to watch him walk across the stage to receive his diploma from college of biblical studies .....! 
goodnight all ... may the fourth be with you 
... and i want my scalps ... 
Big Kahuna Burger ... Thats that HAWAIIAN burger joint , ain't it ? 
missing my home ...! 
Whew , 70 < PROPMALE > to go !!! 
HEY ALL YOU OAK RIDGE PEEPS ... Hopefully you've noticed the new profile pic i have !!! There's a sweet prize in it for EVRYONE THAT CHANGES THEIR PROFILE PIC TO MINE UNTIL THE BASH ON MONDAY !!! I'll be checking ... be sure and respond to the event for the PARTY AT THE POND event that went out too ... can't wait , can't wait !!! 
Whew ... now that THATS over , thank you Lord for the clear straight path tonight , and thank you for the protection of those good natured and well meaning knuckleheads . I'm also thankful for the week ahead of sweet sweet payback that they so richly deserve ! 
Thank you and ...... goodnight ! 
Being that my biological ' dad ' was , at best , a lifelong illustration of what NOT to do , it's been a blessing and privlege to collect a great number of dads through the years starting with my Grand-dad , then my step dad , and still continuing on today . Thanks to all of the fathers in my life , and most importantly to my Heavenly father , in whom I am made complete . 
My master plan of \Zorbing\ " was a success last night except for that unfortunate impaling accident ...! Good news though - the tree and the ball will be just fine\ 
Dear World of Facebook , \ 
\ 
The search can be called off and the concerned citizens of this great metropolis can rest easy ... Neal is safe and sound . my iPhone idied . It has been iCharged now , and I am iback ... thanks to < PROPFEMALE > , Kenzie , and of course my lovely bride for staying safe and sound through the brief but bothersome digital interruption . Drive safe ladies ... nothin but iLove !!! 
To them who have ears , let them hear ... we are packed in , prayed up , and pumped about collegiate week at Glorieta ... and most importantly we are on the road ON TIME ...!!! \ 
16 hours to go ... 
Mmm ... buc-ee's! We've made the obligatory stop and are ready for the open road . Hello , beaver nuggets . It's been too long 
Witcheta Falls with \Coach\ " the fresh driver-in the pilot seat ! " 
Breakfast , check ... headcount , check ... New Mexico by noon , most likely ... 
Almost to the mountain ! If you've never been to Glorieta , the first amazing thing you notice is how it just appears . It goes from something that has blended into the scenery around you to this huge and overwhelming presence right in front of your eyes . That's also the picture of my prayer for how this busload of peeps will encounter God this week ! 
Having a blast in the mountains ! We keep hearing there Is a lot of bear activity ... hoping not to provide firsthand accounts . 
Apparently I have wings ... and the wind beneath them is a giant ball rolling down a hill . I have GOT to work on the landing though . 
WOW ... everyone , thanks so much for the Birthday wishes . This was the most relaxing family day ever - after I cleaned up the forks , tp , < PROPFEMALE > wrap , and window writing that is . 
Hooray for family day ! We are heading to the park as soon as < PROPFIRST > changes out of his < PROPFIRST > the Platypus pants ... 
Say a prayer my truck passes inspection ! Being pulled over 4 times in 2 weeks has a way of motivating a brotha ... time to redeem the June/2007 sticker in for something a little more current !!! 
11 traffic stops , 4 citations , 2 sensors , 1 catalytic converter , and a new intake manifold later , I'm happy to report that my truck passed inspection ! I'd like to thank the good guys at the Crosby Jiffy Lube for grading on the curve . \ 
No more Ridin dirty ... it feels good to be a gangsta ! 
Thank you Lord for the amazing sunrise ... and for giving me the best office/ window to view it from ! \ 
The heavens declare the < PROPFEMALE > of God ; the skies proclaim the work of his hands . ( Psalm 19:1 ) 
Happy birthday to my favorite 5 year old !!! Getting all dressed up now to Have Dinner with Cheese ... Chuck E . Cheese . 
\You can shine no matter what you're made of ! \"" 
\it's coooold out there ! \"" 
Ahh ... the patient is finally sleeping well ...! 
Welcome to the world Rylan < PROPFEMALE > Johnston ! Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPMALE > can't wait to meet you ... and let the spoiling begin ! 
Well < PROPFEMALE > is all hooked up and sleeping like a baby ... off to surgery she goes ! 
Really ?!?!? 
That's right ... the much anticipated post op x-rays of the fibulae spiral fracture with displacement of the tallus ... and , that's right again ... 1 internal fixation plate and 9 screws now have a new home . Talk about extreme makeover !!! \ 
What a woman ! 
Student Summer Camp in San < PROPFIRST > , Costa Rica officially starts in 9 hours ! Great things to come ... 
I just got a good look at the aftermath of < PROPFEMALE>'s break .... Ba , you're my hero ! 
Camp 2011 in Costa Rica ended tonight ! We had a great time and saw hearts and minds changed for God's < PROPFEMALE > ...! 
Grandmother would be having a blast doing all of this shopping . Rolling in a wheelchair or being strapped to an O2 bottle wasn't even enough to slow her down in a dept store . The sales people knew her by name ... even knew my name ! 
The finishing touch was pearls . And her hat and gloves are close at hand Now she is ready for her public ! 
\Then I heard the voice of the Lord saying ' Whom shall I send 
Looking forward to a great last day of the mission trip . Our students have done an outstanding job this week and I couldn't be more proud . Most of all , they are giving our homeowners proof that God provides in some of the most unlikely ways ! 
