i definitely need to do that again !!!!! 

sick ... 
our 1 yr anniversary is less than 3 weeks away ! exciting ! 
what's it all for anyway ?? 
getting ready for traverse city tomorrow for wine , music , < PROPMALE > , italian food and 2 hour sailboat cruises in the bay ! Happy 1st anniversary to us ! 
pos t-t rip cleaning and putting shit away 
we are going to renaissance festival sept . 19 . and trying to get a group together . let us know if you want to come ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > !!!! and happy birthday to the other 4 babies coming by this weekend ! 
< PROPFIRST > HAS BABY FEVER ! LOL 
SHMEH ! 
My beautiful baby is growing up so fast .... * tear * Happy Fifth Birthday Kinsey ! 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > on syfy ... 
mezze ... 
is a homemaking cleanist 
happy birthday to < PROPMALE > a . silva .... february 10 , 1982-march 2 , 2002 ... RIP my old friend 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! Now , if I only had 10 dollars for everyone that told me that ..... MUAH !!! 
thanks everyone had an awesome day !! 
cant decide whether or not I want to be freezing or sweating ... ugh 
watched law abiding citizen last night .. it was gruesomely awesome in a calculating gory way ... slaughterific !! 
SHOES !! 
< PROPMALE > Loblaw .. muahahaha ! 
mmmmmm coffee , blankets , and mindless entertainment 
momma needs a coffee , a backrub , and a new pair of shoes ! 
great day to be up all morning with a sick kid .... having a day long pajama party ... 
finally got the ac in ! woohoo ! 
watching the food network channel and getting hungry ... mmm nachos . 
bah stupid rain , stupid parades .. awesome .. ly bad . 
<3 ' s chocolate ! 
i saved a bird .. i felt bad cuz he was too stupid to fly out the garage door .. instead it was trying to fly out the window .. repeatedly .. 
i need a change of scenery 
making banana zucchini bread .. jealous ? come and get some ! 
trying to put together a portfolio .. 
feels like crap .. again .. but accomplished many things yesterday .. takin it easy today 
got my resume done and sent out .. now for a long awaited nap . 
going to \watch\ " (the back of my eyelids ) cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of meatballs with kinsey .. " 
migraine .. cant sleep .. must have caught the insomnia bug .. 
still sick .. nose is stuffy and drippy , throat is still hurting .. and now a cough .. among other things .. could things get any worse ? 
who gets a cold in the middle of summer ? me .. my chest feels like its going to cave in .. 
is looking forward to my bottle of muscato de asti 
< PROPFIRST > and I took kinsey to see toy story 3 today .. I love those rare moments when all 3 of us get to do stuff together .. 
I see a tan line !!!!! woot ! 
kinsey lost her first tooth today ! 
interview tomorrow at the photography studio .. wish me luck ! 
cant wait for girls day at the beach ! 
On to the next ! 
is hungry and alone . 
is awake .. 
is finally home .. its bittersweet 
needs a new life .. 
cupcakes ! 
hanging out at home with my beautiful daughter , getting to drink as much coffee as i want , and i finally got my laptop fixed .. hooray for personalization ! 
my baby girl is growing up .. shes 6 today ! 
Kinsey and I went to the < PROPFEMALE > Garden for dinner , then to the ballpark to see the xmas lights ! The cute old guy working the booth let us in for free ! 
is looking for kittens .. 
is looking forward to sitting home alone for the 3rd year in a row .. 
4 words .. chicken bacon ranch wraps .. 
up in TC getting school taken care of .. this city loves me i swear .. the sun is .. well was .. shining ! it will prob snow with sadness when i leave .. 
how do i concentrate on math homework when i can hear my upstairs neighbors fornicating ? its weird and creepy .. squeek squeek LOL 
i made the most fantastical soup ever . 
Finally got a new phone that i can access internet with .. look out world im catching up ! 
Sick kid + up all night = walking dead 
Happy 29th < PROPMALE > 
yea everyone .. happy VD day ! dont contract anything .. haha 
i <3 chocolate .. anyone have some to spare ? no one got me any :( 
dear whoever gave me your sickness , die in a fire . 
every year around my birthday .. bad things happen .. i was trying to be more optomistic and accept my fate .. but its starting .. the bad things are haunting me .. ugh .. in returns pessimism : i hate today .. 
thanks everyone ! your positive vibes definitely helped ! my day is going way better .. and now to the Chop House for dinner .. yum ! 
so yesterday my phone drowned in a toilet .. and i lost everything .. so if u want me to have ur # please message me .. thanks 
Watching season 5 of the TPBs .. eating pizza and drinking julians .. and i cant forget aboot bubbles in his space suit ! Lol 
Just found out about the NMC < PROPMALE > show .. im definitely going to submit my birds . 
AWAKE !! i hate getting woke up at 1:45 am 
Interview/showing off my photoshopping skillz at < PROPMALE > photography today ! wish me luck ! 
I love being woken up 2 nights in a row ! 
Breakfast .. its whats for dinner 
