Happy father's day to those who are dads .... To those who aren't its just another day dudes happy day to you too .... : ( 

Is sick and tired of seeing people and hearing of people dropping dead like flies ... RIP MJ and Mom & Dad ... : ( 
too little time so much to do ... 
My moms 1 year anniversary of her death ! Such a difficult day for me today ! 
party at my house !! everyones invited ... 
pary is on sunday !!! 
hi !!! 
action baby ....... 
\The Charismatic Enigma \"" 
the purpose of getting dumb ass drunk is why ??? you are going to feel shitty when you wake up anyway !!! 
Thanks for sharing with me < PROPMALE > !!! 
looks like I am missing out on all the fun !!! 
wait for me !!! 
Memories of a great friend and our great Mojito times back in Minnesota !! I Miss you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Fond memories attending the Special Olympics basketball game practice jams in Anoka back in 06 . With my buddies T & A . 
I hate 115 degree dry heat especially when I have to be out in it !! I dont handle it well ... 
I miss snow angels ... Its too hot 110 + here ... even at night ... 
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius . Love , love , love , that is the soul of genius . -- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart 
Don't come to a conclusion until you have heard the whole explanation from the other person ! 
What's money ? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
If you always told the truth instead of telling a lie you wouldn't have so much to worry about ! Would you ? 
What ever happened to happiness ??? This sucks ... 
French !!! cool ..... 
peep !!! 
Memories of the past and hopes for the future ! babies are great aren't they ?? 
As I sit here I think of the reality and unpredictability of ........ 
What a bummer school starts tomorrow ! But on the bright side after this semester I am officially a college graduate and done ! Let all the hard work finally pay off ! 
School is in full swing and I get off at 11pm geez I cant believe I am still awake ! I'm tired ... 
Stupid loud and obnoxious class ! just grow up this isn't kindergarden ! Its college you putz ! GRRRRRRR ......... 
Not as bad now .. At lest I have peace and quiet for the weekend ... Work included ... 
Chaotic craziness and drinking oh !!! My kind of friend !!! 
ATTENTION !!! No I don't want it please just take it back ... I all ready told you how the computer program Medisoft works I even showed you . Now stop being so F@ #kn stupid all 5 of you !!! 
Tests today ... Not enough time to study but I think I got it . Wish me luck dudes !!! 
The average man does not think intelligently , only the genius can accomplish the train of thought required to conquer !!! 
Love and relationships is like a war zone there are always casualties on both sides .... 
going to get pictures taken ! geez I hate gettin all gussied up !! 
Going for CPR Certification practical tonight !... : ( 
passed CPR practical now time for the written exam tomorrow and my CPR card is mine . Rumored I graduate from school on 9/30/09 .. YAY !!! Congrats to me .. Anyone !!!!!! 
Well I'm steadily on my way to officially being a college grad !!! Scary thought ... 
I just got the best letter in the world !! I am Graduating from college on September 30 , 2009 ........ One of the greatest accomplishments of my life and the best news right now ... 
Finals done ! now on to my internship .... graduation is 9/30/09 ... 
worrrrk !!!!!! ugh !!!! 
Almost got killed today !!! scary ........ 
Too much to do not enough time ............. yuck ... 
Im graduating and I am going to be validictorian !! 
i hate backstabbing liars they piss me off !!! 
working my butt off and hoping it will pay off in the end ! I know it will .... 
25 more hours of my externship and I am a free woman !!! woo ... 
I can only say one more thing life is brutal and hard once you think youve seen the wost of it it blinds sides you on an idle sunday and bam ... things are worse than before .. 52 keep it strong and me and < PROPMALE > are here for you ... Those kids are amazing , I love them as my own .. 
how am i supposed to make money when the establishment wont let me work 
Is tired and hates working fo free ... 
The dynamic influence of life !! Geez anyone got a quarter ?? 
Hoping someone can change but now realizing he is a lost cause ! Thanks for breaking my heart my so called frend ! and finally betraying my trust .. Hey I just got stabbed in the back ... 
Battle between good and evil !!!! Yay !! I win !! Guess what side I am on ??? 
Why the hell am I up allready ??? Stayed up all night watching movies ! 
Hates being lied to and stolen from ! You fu@ ! en thief !!!! 
Has to start shopping around for life insurance !! Dam .. Heart Disease ..... 
I feel like I have been hit by a train !!! Seizures all weekend !!! Yay !!! 
Has a job interview tomorrow that sounds promising !! Not gettin my hopes up though !! 
Well the thought process of man kind is pretty damn boring !! But there are those lucky few who are just so darn fascinating ... 
yum ...... Home made Chorizo !!! < PROPMALE > where are you ??? 
Craving Chorizo Burritos .... : ) 
ugh .... back to work ..... 
Attention everyone !! I am having a baby ! I am now ready to share it with all of you !! But shh !! Don't tell anyone !! lol ... 
Babies are so cute ! Or at least thats what most people say !! What do you think !! 
These pains are a pain in the butt .. I am beginng to feel all bloated and swollen like .... Tubby bumkins here I come !!! 
Im devastated I just found out my uncle died ! Damn this is the crappiest Birthday ever !! 
Is pissed off for being so absentminded and forgetfull !! 
Survival of the fittest . I tried to save him but as I saw him dying I picked him up and he died in my arms .. Only the strong survive . Dont try to mess with mother nature or the food chain . You will get burned . Things happen for a reason ...... 
I work and work and I see no reward to all my sacrifices !!! That pisses me off ... 
On the way to Lake Havasu ! For 2 days of work .. Yeha .... 
Just wondering how society as a whole can be so maliciously evil and is wondering if they are worth saving at all ... 
You must not lose faith in humanity . Humanity is an ocean ; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty , the ocean does not become dirty ........... Mahatma Gandhi 
loosing < PROPFEMALE > and getting really frustrated !! grr ..... 
Going to School was a waste of money ! I have no job i my field due to lack of experience and networking seems to be a waste of time !!! College degree .. waste of my time ... GRR ... 
There are no stupid questions , just stupid people . 
Is in culinary euphoria ! I just had the best meal I have had in a long time ! Papa Rellenas , Tallarines con Bistek and Alfajores ! Im so exited they just opened a peruvian place down the street from my house ! : D 
ALL OF ONE'S DOGS AREN'T BARKING- All of one's dogs aren't barking is American slang for not in one's right mind ; scatter-brained . 
Allied < PROPFEMALE > ( Shortened from Allied < PROPFEMALE > Bank ) is < PROPFEMALE > rhyming slang for masturbation ( wank ) . 
Diet here I come ! 
Dumbass remarks not making sense ... 
Missing my best friends ! I need a new best friend ! To add to my group .. 
Join my mob ! http://apps.facebook.com/mobwars/mob/do.php?join_id=1410705269 
Dear friend , I find myself missing you terribly and hoping to hear from you soon . Warmest regards .. < PROPFEMALE > 
Couldnt sleep last night someone was snoring too loud and it wasn't me .. 
Adoption is when a child grew in its mommy's heart instead of her tummy . 
You do kind hearted things for people who don't even deserve it and they repay you by saying lies and involve you in pure hatred schemes you don't even know about . They try to hurt your friends and loved ones by spreading lies about despicable things they say you did , things you wouldn't even do to your worst enemy . The sad thing people believe it . When they should know better than believing anything he says . 
Contd .. They have been burned by him too . Why do they believe him then . The horrible despicable scum of the earth vs the decent , kind person \ 
they know you are or hope they know you are . This world is full of evil \ 
despicable scum balls like him and just remind yourself they cant be \ 
reformed . 
contd ... Still you believe there is a small < PROPFIRST > of sunshine and \ 
kindness in this evil , hurtful treacherous world . Why does it happen to \ 
the kind ones in life .. Never again .. 
Anger is a killing thing : it kills the man who \ 
angers , for each rage leaves him less than he had been before - it takes\ 
something from him . \ 
\ 
Louis\ 
L'Amour 
We got robbed on Sunday and I know who did it . What a violation of my personal safe haven . Im so pissed off I am spitting fire !!! 
going off the deep end ! 
Congrats on your Graduation < PROPMALE > . I am so proud of this day . I can only imagine on how you must be feeling . All the hard work and sacrifice was worth it man .. 
Contemplation of life and revenge ! 
I fell and fractured my ankle again ! This time its someone elses fault ... 
Oh the aching pain !!! It hurts so much .. Stoopid Monkey !!! 
If you dont do it right the first time , please do me a favor and dont even bother doing it . Cause I am the one who has to deal with the consequences and the clean up . Ladies and gentlemen introducing my anal retentive psycho side .. 
Getting tired of the Same Old Sh @t ! Geez it pisses me off ... 
“Try\ 
as much as possible to be wholly alive , with all your might , and when \ 
you laugh , laugh like hell and when you get angry , get good and angry . \ 
Try to be alive . You will be dead soon enough . ” < PROPFIRST > Saroyan .. 
Broken parts , tired and over worked !! There is no stopping me now ! 
Grandpa passed away at 90 years old ! Thank god he went peacefully ! 5/11/1920 - 6/10/2010 .. RIP .. we miss you and love you < PROPFIRST > .. 
“We're\ 
born alone , we live alone , we die alone . Only through our love and \ 
friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not \ 
alone . ” 
is getting to bed 
going to work !! ; ( 
is going to dinner with the inlaws 
is exited about being off tomorrow ! yay ... 
is thinking about imortality ! 
is working her patooty off ! 
is free from work yay .. 
is watching cena vs shamus 
is annoyed .. 
is playing yahtzee w the inlaw fam . havin fun ... 
Plans canceled for dinner tomorrow now im a little dissapointed .. i was looking forward to hanging out w all Heaths fam . 
is freaking out .. why can't things go good for us for once ... grr .. 
is feeling much better now .. gotta do whats right or whats close to it . 
is bored .. watching jaws .. 
is contemplating a job offer on the east coast . very .. very lucrative .. shh ... its a secret . 
is tired and unmotivated 
is working 
is going crazy shopping with Precious .. geez im getting old .. i am pooped .. 
is feeling gluttonous stupid Outback .. 
its freaking hot and its only 7am ... 
is in pain .. 
is wanting to move to Tampa ! any thoughts on the subject ? open to advice and opinions . 
is working 7 days straight .. 
is going to watch < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland 
is loving the feeling of nothing .... 
is missing someone special .. 
is waiting for the mask to come off ! 
is in horror with the idea of the asteroid shower hitting earth ... the earth shall be destroyed stupid tv series \asteroid \"" 
mutton for dinner anyone ? come on over .. 
Having mutton for dinner . anyone want some ? 
Found an abandoned simese cat last night . trying to find its owner . < PROPMALE > wants to keep him . My cats are mad at me enough right now .. 
is having dinner with friends . 
is pensive about opportunities for a job for her husband . 
is missing someone special ! 
is happy someone special she is missing is visiting her for a few days . 
is irritated with cats . 
is piss and vinegar ..... grrrr ... morons .. 
Ode to . Tampa , Fl .. wants to move there .. 
is ixnay to tampa . dont worry be happy . 
is feeling ignored ! 
is freaking out ... 
is hating liars and deceivers that put on mask of goodness . dont trust anybody ! my advice for the day .. 
is chillin . 
is hating being pressured to do something she doesnt want to do . A rock and a hard place folks .. 
is in need of Obama to hurry his bootie up and have congress and the house approve the unemployment benefits < PROPMALE > dammit .... Hurry .. grrrr ... 
is so sick she hurts 
Playin poker : ) 
Fbook < Lisa > 
is playing yahtzee and watching godsmack in concert . Voodoo baby .. 
is sayin that a friend of a loved one is a lyin bastard . 
Hates when other people hurt my kin !!! Dont mess with them or you will feel my wrath of pain and hell .. 
releived about florida !! Its not happening yay !! 
is anxious and tired of waiting .. 
Frustrtion and finding a satisfaction to it . 
is worrying about stuff beyond her control 
is good stuff 
Stayin close to home . Wanting to move back but no way in hell with that damn cold winter season .. 
is playin yahtzee with the boys .. 
is yahtzee 
is reeling over obsticles that try to knock you down . just get back up . 
is looking forward to dinner .. chili con carne .. 
is working hard for the man . 
is thinking there is no man ! 
is anxious to see how this all plays out . 
The game is won man yay .. 
Desperate measures .. 
is tired and soar ... 
is really content with the thought of mankind destroying itself ! 
is itching for some good times . 
is doing laundry ! < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I tell you today is a weird ass day .. 8/13 fri .. lol yeah right .. 
is frustrated and irritated about the world and all in it .. 
is waiting around for norville to show up .. 
is pissed cause steak sauce was cooked on the pork tenderloin .... grrrrrr keep the a1 with the red meat people .. im not eating it .. 
crusin for a bruisin .. lol 
moving to a new house and life in general ... grrr ..... 
Getting Ready to move packing all weekend !! GRRR ... moving from a house to an apartment ... : ( 
so much to do not enough time .. ready set go ... dumb ass .. 
The tub was filled with water . Nikita my cat started drinking out of the tub . Curiosity got the best of the her she sneaked to the back corner of the tub to watch the ripples of the water . On her attempt to climb back from the back corner poor cat slipped and fell into the tub giving her self an involuntary bath . 
We had to follow the water trail just to find the poor wet < PROPFEMALE > . I saw \ 
the whole thing happen where in the hell was my video camera when i \ 
needed it . 
Celebrating New Years In Italy !!! Now thats a trip I wouldnt want to take that time of year .. 
Guess what ?? My husband got a job I am so happy ! Things are looking up ! 
hoping we have a decent x-mas this year ! Now that the husband has a good job we can pay the bills ... Love ya Heath .. strength , prayers and positivity amongst other things ... Thank you for all the support !! 
Let me tell you why does kindness and friendship come back to bite you in the butt ? Try to be kind and help someone have a shot at a better life and they threaten your life .. After all the kindness and love .. I will think twice before I help a friend in need from now on .. 
Worrying about her husbands health ! Got very bad news from the doctor today .. I am devastated .. i will share it when I am ready .. 
No plans just unpacking and getting the house in order this weekend , anyone want to help ? This can be an unpacking party .. lol .. 
Christmas Why ??????? 
Vacation time yay ! 4 days of unpacking and xmas stuff cant wait . yay come on over . 
Things are movin and a shakin ! < PROPFEMALE > haw .. Looking up ... 
Have a Interview with USAA on Wed . Im exited .. But a bit < PROPMALE > .. wish me luck yall .. lol 
Holidays ! Boy do I hate the commercialism of all of it it pisses me off .. 
Wow man this is getting crazy ! A new year and in my heart I truly believe it can only get better .. 
Im sick and tired of being tired !! I feel like the world is taking me for granted ! Please dont feed me a line of bull I dont want to hear it !!! Ahh .. Now I am good .. 
A friend can tell you things you don't want to tell yourself . And then you come to realization that they are true and then the blindfold of true life is revealed .. thank you for that .. 
If you're alone , I'll be your shadow . If you want to cry , I'll be your shoulder . If you want a hug , I'll be your pillow . If you need to be happy , I'll be your smile . But anytime you need a friend , I'll just be me 
What the hell ! I am not nice and neither are you ! 
my peeps movin to florida ! : ( 
movin and shakin the day away ! on my way to the W word . any one up for it .. Please work for me ?? lol .. 
< PROPMALE > is out of surgery and recuperating at home 
Loosing her mind with the stubborn hubby ! 
work .. work .. work .. 
is tired as hell .. 
Dad has been dead 3 years .. Wow I sure miss him .. 
wishing I knew what was up in the world . So I could fix everybody's problems .. But only god can do that right ? If you believe .... 
Contemplating the mystery of the human psyche ! Anyone have any ideas ?? 
Well its freaking cold and I cant believe it was lower than 40 degrees in Phoenix , AZ . What the hell is wrong with this mother nature thing ? I expect this stuff in Minnesota not here .. 
Hanging around and thinking about friends ! I miss you guys ! 
Been up since 5am and don't know what to do with myself ! Hey I will find something to do ! Gotta get ready for work anyway .. \ 
This freaking cold is depressing me .. Thank goodness its almost over . 
Going to Tonopah tomorrow !! It will be a long day .. 
I am worried about my peeps havent heard from them in over 24 hours .. I sure hope I get to see them soon . cause we need to Talk !!! ; ) 
Waiting for the time when I will be bored and have nothing to do . Cause I'm always so busy doing something . I want to take time to smell the flowers so to speak .. 
The sadness has overtaken me !! I am in a pathetic place .. Please kick me and tell me to pick my butt up .. Never mind I did it myself .. lol 
made some awesome homemade pizza .. MMM TASTY .. 
Is in culinary heaven . just ate The original wine burger .. Yay I am happy now ... A little more happy and i will be a tubby lard ass .. lol .. 
I don't know i guess I am just getting frustrated over people avoiding me . It feels like they are avoiding me like the plague .. I'm a nice person . Aren't I ? and you better not tell anyone I am . I don't want that getting out !!! 
Happy Valentines everyone .. 
At home lonely with my hubby wishing my peeps were here to share Valentines with me !! I Miss you guys .. 
getting ready for work ! gee z I know its going to be an all day affair . I am all ready tired just thinking about it . 
had a long day I juut want it to be over . 
yawn ... really .. where are you ? I miss you already . 
Getting nervous !! 
Thanks bro and sis ! Love you guys too ! 
Thanks for coming home guys . Now I am at peace and happy . : ) 
Came home to find 27 balloons and birthday banners everywhere thanks to my peeps they are the best . They are the greatest ever . Its good to have you guys home . You make me feel appreciated ... Love you guys . 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer post this for at least an hr ..... R . I . P Mom and dad 2008 .. \ 
forwarding message from Christian D .. 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes ! You guys are great ! 
Well my husband is on the way home from his trip early . So exited .. I miss him so much .. 
Thanks for the Birthday wishes guys ! I took a good look in the mirror today and I decided I dont look a day over 30 .. I look darn good for 37 .. 
Getting up and going to work !! oh what a drag .... 
Got surprised today after work !! Surprise Party ! For me ans Sam .. Let you know how it goes ... 
Just trying to figure windows 7 out .. 
expierment I am letting my guard down for 24 hours ! Just to see how it goes .. 
I am tired as hell ! Working a second job 13 hour day .. 
Lost something or someone and is hoping it/they find its way home .. so worried .. 
I am going crazy !! What the hell ! I cant sleep well and I am so stressed out .. The damn cat wont stop freaking meowing ... 
WHY !! In the hell would you be so annoying !! GRRRRR .... 
See , the human mind is kind of like ... a piñata . When it breaks open , there's a lot of surprises inside . Once you get the piñata perspective , you see that losing your mind can be a peak experience . ~ Jane Wagner 
Friends making movies and dont even invite me to be in them !! Ohhh ... : ( 
Working and slaving ! Most of us dont have the < PROPFEMALE > to do otherwise ! But dont you wish you did ! Life would be so much easier . But would it be happier one ? 
Loopy !! wow its working .. my words are dancing .... ooohhh .. My back is killing me some one help me !! 
Going to work ! : ( ... save me please ... 
feeling lonely and missing my hubby !! 
This whole work thing .. oh !! Not on Sunday !! 
Monday ... I am tired and sore .. Work .. why the hell do I have to ? Ok .. I guess we all have to do it .. 
Pictures and < PROPMALE > work ! I am so exited !! Getting a new tat !! tomorrow .. yay !!! 
Getting ready for the thing called work now !! aww ..... 
