HAPPY BIRTHDAY DRACO !!!! YOUR GETTING OLD 

Happy New Year !!!!!, Man , I can't believe 2010 has already past , times goin by soooooooooooooooooooooo fast . Hope everyone makes the best out of this year , I kno I will . 
Thanks everyone for the happy birthdays !!! 
Thanks For All of The Birthday Wishes 
It is sooo hot out I feel like ill 
You know , going to my grandfather's funeral today really put some things in perspective for me ; And I've truly realized that God and family are the two most important things in a persons life . When so called friends stab you in the back , they will always be there !!! 
Whether a relationship , friendship , or a career , never waist your time on something you know does not feel right from the start ! You'll just end up dissatisfied . 
Just finished running two < PROPMALE > , I'm sleepy . Now it's time to take a shower and chill out for a bit . 
Just because situations get complicated , it doesn't mean you should give up . The race isn't given to the swift , but the ones who endure . 
It's funny how people use the hell out of you and then talk about you behind your back , then when you confront them they deny it , one thing my parents have always instilled in me is that if your man enough to talk shit about someone behind their back , be man enough to say it to their face . 
Man , I hate people who are so stuck on themselves . 
If you believe in God repost this ! Please don't ignore , you are being tested . For it says in the Bible , \Deny me in front of everyone and I will deny you in front of my Father . \ " 97% won't repost this . Will you ? I am not ashamed ! I want everyone to know that Jesus Christ lives in my heart " 
really thinking about staying in NC for my Senior Year 
Man , some people can be soooo disrespectful , and they push you to the limit . 
Man , Summer came and went too fast , seems like just yesterday i was a freshman . ready to move on to the next phase of my life ..... College . 
It feels good to finally be home 
Man , I'm buggin , only three more days until school starts . 
If there's one piece of advice i could share with all the younger kids out there it would be to never conform to anyones expectations but your own , yes it's good to follow directions when necessary , but when you conform to everyone else's expectations , you begin to lose your own 
wishing I had another week off right now . 
AAHHAHAHAHAHA WE HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW ;( 
GOD IS GOOD Just got Accepted to ODU , One more reply to go !!! 
