can't believe the wedding is in 100 days ! :-) 

is Craaaaaazy busy at work this week ! 
is happy to be home ! 
Ummmmm ....... Is it Friday yet ?!?!? 
Have a safe and Happy Halloween tonight everyone !!! 
Less than 2 hours til the Weekend is here !!! Whoopie ! 
i was a house cleaning fool yesterday .... and now I'ym paying for it today ! Amazing what a work out you get from heavy duty house work !!! 
It's official .... I have a hairline fracture & lovely green wrapped cast on my hand !!! Thank goodness it's my left hand !!! UGH !!!!! 
Fancy BBQ with my family tomorrow ! That makes me say YUMMMM !!! 
trying to get the house decorated for Christmas ! I love this time of year : -0 !!! 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends ASAP ! 
I'm almost done with Christmas shopping !!! Who-hoo . BUT , does anyone have suggestions for what to get the \gaget guy\ " who has every new electronic thing known to man ??? He's so hard to shop for ..... Ugh ! " 
Hope everyone has a Happy and Blessed New Year ! Look out 2011 , here we come !!! 
Black-eyed pea casserole and collard greens ! Yum !!!! 
Is it me or does this week feel like the longest ever ! It seems like it should at LEAST be Thursday ! Ugh !!!! 
Can't believe I'm still at the office working .... And on a Friday night , for that matter !!! Ugh ! 
Dear Lord ! Make my words as sweet as < PROPFEMALE > , for tomorrow I may be eating them !!! 
I've never been one who thought the good Lord should make life easy ; I've just asked Him to make me strong . - < PROPFEMALE > Bowring 
Playing with my new Williams-Sonoma creme brulee set and chef torch I got for < PROPFIRST>'s Day ..... Hope I don't blow the house up ! LOL :-) 
We welcomed home < PROPMALE > today ! A big Orange Tabby lazy boy :-) . Praying for the single mom who had to give him up due to her cancer .... So glad we could give him a home . What a great < PROPFIRST > present for < PROPFEMALE > :-) !!! He's a happy big < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Time to mentally prepare the the trio of girls sleeping over at the house .... Ahhhh Good times . Good Times ...... Calgon take me away !!!!!! LOL 
Now , it's time to clean up after the \girls night sleep-over\ " . It's amazing how three little girls can destroy a house in less than 24 hours !!! Lol " 
sometimes you just have to < PROPFEMALE > on your Faith ! 
Sooooooo glad the work week is over ! Looking forward to a fabulous weekend with friends ! 
Watching my friend's band play tonight . They Rock ! Boondock Deacons ! 
in McAllen , TX now . Just finished setting up the show booth , whew ! I think I see margaritas & Mexican food in my future now :-) ! 
Just bored the plane at LAX . Next stop Guangzhou , < PROPFEMALE > for the Canton Fair & Expo ! sorry FB friends , but I won't be on for at least 6 days . Facebook is blocked in < PROPFEMALE > :-( 
back from Guangzhou , < PROPFEMALE > . Glad to be back home . God Bless the USA !!! A great experience but I defintely won't be planning a \family vacation\ " there anytime soon . " 
Praying for my Mom . She is having surgery today . 
So my daughter wants to go \camping & fishing\ " and stay in a \ " real cabin\ " for our family vacation . Help us decide : Caddo Lake or Turner Falls ??? " 
This week had just plain , sucked so far ! UGH !!! Going to bed . 
Happy Birthday to my Daddy ! I know we'll meet again in Heaven , but I still miss you so much !!! 
Thanks to everyone for all the wonderful Birthday Wishes !!!! I really appreciate all my FB friends ;-) !!! God Bless Y'all 
Going to dinner with my family ! I'm so blessed !!! 
Great service today at Church !!! 
What a crazy night last night . Nothing like spending Sunday night at the ER ! UGH !!! 
Nothing good can come from thoughts of revenge from those who took from you . 
Happy Father's Day to all my FB Dads !!! 
My daughter was so excited to go back to school this morning !!! 
So proud that my daughter made honor choir this year !!! 
After volunteering to help my daughter's teacher by\ 
watching the students in the computer lab for 2 hours while she did testing , I now\ 
realize that have the utmost respect for all teachers !!!! I don't think I could\ 
teach 17 kids everyday .... I might wind up institutionalized and heavily\ 
medicated ! LOL 
Time to motivate myself to clean this house !!! What I wouldn't give for a magic wand right now ! Lol 
So much for motivation to clean the house today . I managed to turn it into a lazy Saturday . 
For those of you who are not in the immediate loop , here's the scoop : I'm pregnant , no it wasn't planned , but it was in God's plan ! We found out it's a boy :-) and I'm due in February . Please keep me in your Prayers ! 
It's a rainy yucky day . Oh well , at least its not hot ! I'm so ready for fall . 
Come on ' boys ! Don't let me down again !!!!! 
' Bout damn time Cowboys !!! 
Such a great feeling when your house is clean !!!! 
Go Rangers !!!!! 
Enjoying today with my hubby ! Happy Anniversary to my husband & best friend !!! 
Can't wait to watch the Ranger game tonight ! Hope it's a repeat of last night's game !!! :-) 
What is up with my obsession with < PROPFEMALE > Bunches of Oats cereal ..... I think I'm eating another bowl for dinner tonight ! Yum :-) 
Come on Rangers , Let's make history ! Whoo-hoo !!! 
This win brought me to tears ! Way to go Rangers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
We can all use some money right ! Sorry everyone , I'm not supersuperstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based ... on ........ Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , will b ... e without money . I cannot let that person be ME ! Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > 
So proud of my daughter .... Straight A honor roll :-) !!! 
It's a chicken and dumplins kind of day . Guess that's on the dinner menu tonight ! 
It's Diabetes Awareness Month . It isn't pink or sexy , it doesn't involve breasts , football or cute t-shirts . It's about being grateful when you/your loved ones wake up in the morning . It's 3am blood sugar cks , needles , etc ..... That's a diabetics LIFE ! Repost this if u have or love someone with Diabetes . 
Dear Lord , please give me strength to keep my sanity when 7 girls show up for the slumber party tonight !!!! 
Hoarders is on . I love this show ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my FB friends ! Have a Blessed Day !!!! ;-) 
taking my wonderful daughter to < PROPMALE>'s Cafe for birthday breakfast ! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > . We love you !!!! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday December 6th . Join the fight against Child Abuse . Copy and paste this to your status and invite your friends to do the same 
Thanks for the beautiful baby shower this evening ! I had such a wonderful time seeing all my friends !!! You all are so sweet ;-) 
What a beautiful Christmas musical at Cornerstone Church this evening ! 
Am I seriously going to have to turn on the AC in December ?!? 
Anyone want to come over and help me roll 110 peanut butter balls and dip them in chocolate ??? This is the only part I dread about holiday baking ..... 
Heading out on the road . Kilgore , TX here we come ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night ! 
Dear House Cleaning < PROPFEMALE > , \ 
If you're real , could you please fly to my house tonight ? I could really use some house-cleaning magic right about now !!! 
Big snowflakes coming down !!! 
It's a Chicken and Dumplins kinda night ! Yummmm !!!! 
No matter what they say about this 13th sign , I will always be a Gemini and so will my evil twin ! Muahhhhhhh !!!! 
Never thought I'd say this but GO JETS !!! Can't have the steelers coming to < PROPFIRST > for the Super Bowl ...... Sorry all you steelers fans ! 
Go Packers !!! 
14 more days until D-day ! Excited about meeting our baby boy :-) but getting nervous about another c-section ...... 
Snow Day !!!! No school and the first thing my daughter said was \Hallelujah \"!" 
House is so clean , all the laundry is done and a big pot of Texas red chili is on the stove ...... A productive day despite all this ice :-) ! 
So far no \rolling blackouts\ " here ..... Thank Goodness ! " 
My daughter announced to me that this has been \the bestest ice/snow week EVER ! \ " .... Somehow I beg to differ !!! " 
Go Packers ! Whoo-Hoo !!!! 
Green Bay All the Way BABY !!!!!!! 
Great service at Church today ! God is so good !!! 
14 more hours before we meet our baby boy !!! ;-) 
Thanks to everyone for all the well wishes ! We are so BLESSED to have Christian home ! Bring on all the fun and sleepless nights now !!! ;-) 
< PROPFEMALE > comes out on Blu-Ray today ! Yea ;-) !!!! 
Went to my follow up doctor appointment today and I've lost 17 pounds ! Whoo-Hoo !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen #LOSING !!! Lol 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
getting a new phone ..... To iPhone or not to iPhone .... That is the question ..... 
