No promises this year ... only commitments ... 

\ I be throwin ' up my cash ... actin ' like money ain't a thang ... yeahh .. i be speedin ' down the fast lane ... stuntin ' and they mad cause they can't ... yeahh ... feelin ' like I can't lose ... \"-- \ " What I Do \ " By < PROPFIRST > Brown ( Graffiti ) " 
Does anyone know how to put footnotes on a paper or how this footnote thing work ? 
How am I going to pay for college ? I need some resources , some links or somethin ' ... Anybody know some good scholarships out there ? 
I'm everything you just haven't become ... I spend my time tryna outdo what hasn't been done ... and hopefully live to see what they say that I'm gon ' be ... and if not then I hope future does in memory of me ... -- Drake ( Stunt Hard ) 
I'm turnin ' on my \no emo\ " mode . Startin ' now ... " 
\Cause if I'm afraid of love ... then how will I ever find the one ...? \"-- Brutha ( Afraid of Love ) " 
\ ... If your not first ... your last ... \"-- B-Hamp ( Do the < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ) " 
Jammin ' Aaliyah : \Your love is one in a million ... it goes on and on and on ... you give me a really good feeling all day long . \"" 
How do you know if someone like you ... you know ... like ... like-like you ? Just wonderin ' ... 
Feel like I'm slippin ' under and I can't pull myself out ... I ' m not gettin ' the grades I want in this class . It's pass or fail and I know Ima pass , but I just want a 100 at the end . It's like I'm addicted to the perfect score . It's cool that I'm learnin ' stuff and whatnot , but if I ain't got a good grade to show for it , then what's the point ? The lectures are boring , and I almost be fallin ' asleep . That's not cool ! 
\Swag mixed with flavor ... don't you like my swavor ...? \"-- Yung L.A. ( Futuristic Love ) " 
Don't forget to turn ur clock back an hour ! Get some extra sleep ! :) 
Supervisors suck ! And that goes for managers too ! 
Money over everything ... ( M.O.E. for Life ) 
Glad to see everything is fallin ' in place ... Life is good ... Now all I need is somebody special to share it with ... Jk ! 
Enrollment ... today ... let's get it ! 
Why can't good girls have fun ? Are we always supposed to work ? 
CLC Project , History Paper , and Ancient World Paper ... all on deck ... Which assignment shall I attempt to do first ? 
I'm feelin ' so drained from these classes , especially these papers . So much stuff is poppin ' up ... I'll be so ready for Thanksgiving Break ... but until then ... back to the grind and this lovely place we call college ... 
Sometimes I feel like people are always trying to take things away from me ... which is why I feel like I have to work that much harder in order to keep what I think is mine ... 
Looking for some action tonight with two of my favorite friends : Inheriting the Revolution and Exploring Leadership . Oh how I love textbooks ! 
I'm feeling very rushed right now to get things done ... so rushed that I'm being drained of emotion , which is possibly a good thing ... but I don't even feel like writing anymore ... and that's how I unwind ... I just feel like I need some inspiration ... where is my muse ? 
I think more is said when it's not said ... so these thoughts I keep alive ... I will make dead ... 
Money leads to problems and problems one way or another deal with money ... wish I had solutions for both ... 
Makin ' money is so invigorating ... Some people think of superficial things when they wake up like how fine they are or what they'll wear ... but I'm thinkin ' of when Ima get that next dollar ... 
Time to put all childish things aside ... just like T.I. said in ATL , \Dreamin ' is a luxury for kids ... \"" 
... Used to play Kobe now I play LeBron ... Kobe ... LeBron .... Kobe ... LeBron ... 24-23 ... ya'll nigg ** remember me ... -- Jeezy ( 24-23 ) 
It feels good to be right when you're sure of something , but it sucks to be right when you want to be wrong ... No matter what though ... trust your intuition ... fact of the matter is : You can't trust anyone ... people got they own agendas ... and don't exclude the fam ... they sneaky too ... 
So ... if pressure makes diamonds ... what do ultimatums make ? 
Love of any kind is emaciated ... it only lasts so long until it's gone ... not to be confused with emancipated ... free and forever strong ... 
Be the victor ... not the victim ... -- My Mother 
You want the universe ... I can only give you the world ... Why are people never satisfied and only want what they can't give in return ? 
I have my last final at 3:30 . Ancient World here I come . Socrates , Plato , Aristotle and all u other philosophers out there ... I'm comin ' for u ! 
What is the mean of selfishness and selflessness ? Right now ... i'm leanin ' towards the selfishness ... 
The year is almost over ... i can't believe I made it through my first semester of college . I faced rejection after rejection ... but I see victories in the future ... 
Power ... control ... I need it to maintain balance ... but most of all to survive ... 
There's nothing like growing up , realizin ' your mistakes , and moving on to something better . The past can be positive if left in the past . 
Sometimes I feel like money is thicker than blood ... 
I don't care what they say ... in my opinion ... love is the root of all evil , not money ... 
Guard the heart ... empower the mind ... 
I'm finally learnin ' that money ain't everything ... it's still in my top five but it's not everything ... 
Never let a pretty face fool ya ... and the ugly ones too ... 
Grindin ' , goin ' hard , goin ' in ... they all the same to me ... cause I'm doin ' it ... tryna get this money and of course makin ' somethin ' out of nothin ' with this school thang ... 
\It's gettin heavy ... I think I'm bout ready to breakdown ... I'm standin ' up ... but I'm fallin ' down ... \"-- \ " Fallin ' Down\ " By < PROPFIRST > Brown ( Graffiti ) " 
Done competin ' ... I'm just gon ' say I won ... 
You'll only keep my interest if you're makin ' money ... 
It only takes one thing to set me off ... so tired of being taken advantage of and this supposed to be family -- close family ... but it's cool ... from now on I'm turnin ' down requests , commands , and demands ... can't wait till I'm out on my own cause I don't want to feel like I owe anybody ... and that's that ... 
Time to break out ... not break even ... time to elevate and leave everybody behind ... the nest is getting a little too small ... 
< PROPMALE > man ... my whole mood just changed ... I hate when my parents fight ... they just let me know I ain't gon ' never have a good relationship with a dude ... guess I'll be single for life cause bein ' with somebody just too hard ... love ain't even worth it ... 
I'm steadily climbin ' stairs to get to that next level ... reachin ' for the top ... don't think I'll ever stop ... just tryna find out if Ima be alone or not ... 
Today's mission is to stay focus ... no L.O.V.E. ( Land Of Volatile Emotions ) can be shown to my competitors ... it's not just about money any more ... 
It seems like all the people I care about in my life leave me or don't want to be with me ... maybe that's just a sign to not care about anybody at all .. 
Never let compliments go to your head ... they're just statements that sound good ... don't necessarily mean they're true ... 
Think I'm finally growing up ... 
So ready ... 
Time to pay my dues ... literally 
L.I.F.E. ( Love . Independence . Freedom . Endurance ) ... all the things I yearn for ... but still not in my grasp ... 
Back in my element ... school ... 
Saw my dream ... caught it ... now I just gotta hold on to it ... 
How do I draw the difference between what my passion is and what I'm good at ? That is my quest for today ... 
I think this may be the hardest semester yet ... so that means I gotta stay focused ... Taking a < PROPFEMALE > from my Economics class ... I've decided that the opportunity will be having a 4.0 at the end of the semester ... and the cost ... well let's just say I won't have social life ... 
Never really felt peer pressure before in my life ... but I guess it has arrived ... I always thought I was deliberative in my stance , but it seems these voices are continually pushing me closer to the edge ... 
Lookin ' for the < PROPFEMALE > to my sundae ... the chocolate to my chip ... the icing on the cake ... well you get it ... guess I'm just looking for that \ONE ... \"" 
This past week I have been the subject of persuasion ... which has been a puzzlement to me ... because it has caused many frustrations ... so maybe ... just maybe for this semester I should go into hibernation ... I'm done being the libation ... 
I don't know what the future holds for me ... so all I can do is concentrate on the here and now ... which means I gotta take one step at a time ... the race isn't over yet ... 
Bout to get my mackin ' game on ... time to put into practice what I learned today ... \Confidence is key ... \ " Wish me luck ! " 
Pretty excited ... tomorrow I get a < PROPMALE > to put my mackin ' game to work ... hopefully my crush will succumb to my charms ... 
Thinkin ' about givin ' up this mackin ' game ... but the trip is I haven't even started ... I will make the ultimate decision tomorrow of whether I should turn off my charms ... it all depends on whether my cutie gives me the time of day ... Oh well ... no turnin ' back ... 
Saw my cutie today ... but I didn't get to talk to him ... kind of a bummer ... so I'm wonderin ' ... Should I still try to muster up enough courage to start a conversation with him or just quit ...? 
Well ... I'm giving up the mackin ' game officially ... today my charms have proven to be nonexistent ... I tried to casually walk up to my guy but he walked out of class too fast ... so maybe it's just not meant to be ... Although I did find out his name ... I'm just not gon ' pursue it ... I guess it's back to the money ... no love life for me will ever exist ... 
Imperfections make us what we are ... but that doesn't mean we can't strive to be perfect ... we never will be , but that don't mean stop tryin ' ... 
I almost walked over the edge today and succumbed to my temptations , but I pulled back just in time ... 
It ' s amazin ' how all along I've been searchin ' for someone or something to complete me ... and the one thing I've been looking for has been starin ' me in the face : school ... and now that I've made this miraculous discovery , that means no more chasin ' dudes or lookin ' down on myself ... time to let go and just be me . 
\ ... I can't feel you baby because I'm romatically numb ... \"-- Believe It Or Not ( Gucci Mane ) " 
3 interviews in 2 days and only 1 ME ... Hope I get ' em all ! :) 
It is no longer acceptable to just exist ... in this society you must live ... become proactive and get involved ... and I'm trying to live up to this theory ... but I'm suddenly feeling overwhelmed and overcommitted ... simply put ... my energizer < PROPFEMALE > has lost its juice ... 
I'm starting to think lying is the best solution to get what you want ... people don't seem to deserve or appreciate the truth apparently ... 
I miss the \old me ... \ " the one that was so self-confident . The new me is slowly losing her identity and getting absorbed in the lives of others that will not determine her future ... so maybe the \ " intermediate me\ " needs to be ALONE ... away from the watching eyes of others ... so she can get back to loving the thing that matters most : herself " 
Got so much rejection today I'm not even hurt no more ... I'm numb to everything ... just call me novocaine ... 
I think I experienced my first growing pain today ... and realized I ain't exactly done growing yet ... felt like I wanted to stop livin ' ... but I can't cause even if I stop ... the world will keep spinnin ' ... 
If it's meant to be ... it will be ... 
I'm going after what I want no matter if there's rejection at stake ... so watch out ... it might even be YOU I'm comin ' for ... 
Maybe I'm speaking prematurely ... but I HATE MIZZOU ... 
It's so hard tryin ' not to give up ... 
Sometimes I hate being single ... but at times like this I don't mind ... I can look all I want all the time ... it's like being a fat kid at a buffet ... what more could a girl want ? 
My heart just dropped ... my crush is HERE ... and it's a shame that he won't even notice me ... :( 
Some things in the past I just can't seem to forget or forgive ... which may be the reason I'm struggling to lay the foundation for my future ... 
Truth is what people think they want to hear , but it's the lies thats feedin ' they souls ... 
Gonna say goodbye to the \untouchables\ " and \ " the impossible ... \ " movin ' on to the obtainable and what could be ... " 
Anxiously waiting ... 
Maybe it doesn't hurt to smile more ... 
Why is school so hard now ? Why is it so hard to achieve balance in my life ? I don't know how to to tilt my world back in the direction where everything seemed so easy . At this point , I don't know what to do . I just don't know . 
Decisions . Opportunities . Refusals . I choose to be alone . I've passed on opportunties to be with people . Will I refuse relationships forever ? 
Time to wise up and speak the real ... 
All work and no play will make me < PROPMALE > , successful , and happy ... period . 
Never think you're the only one ... somebody's always lined up ready to take ur spot ... 
Just can't seem to satisfy my wants ... 
Letting material things go ... gonn re-establish some inner peace inside me , without the outside world interfering ... 
It's official ... that's all I gotta say ... :) 
The farther I remove myself from fun and nonsense , the closer I am to achieving success ... 
Rejection makes success all the more sweeter ... 
Everything's falling in place ... 
Competitors are better than companions ... u always need somebody to make u better ... 
I pledge allegiance to no one ... 
Getting older now ... some things are not so easy to ignore ... guess it's true when they say the mind is willin ' but the body is weak ... 
Thanks to all those who thought I was a square ... I still am , just thought I'd thank you ... gonna make a whole lotta guap in the future ... big things are gonna happen in the future ... you just wait and see ... 
Gotta stay on the path that's straight and narrow ... can't keep waiting for people ... can't keep waiting for opportunity ... gotta take it ... it's not when I get mine ... but how I get mine ... 
Think I found my second home : the library ... 
Sometimes I feel empty ... sometimes I feel full ... at times I feel content ... but times like this ... I feel like something's missing ... like I'm constantly yearning for more ... not necessarily something that makes me complete ... but something that encompasses all of me ... 
A lot of interesting things come out at night ... 
No feelings ... emotionally impotent ... 
Victorious 
Back to the money ... my first and only TRUE love ... 
Trust is a privilege that unfortunately ... nobody deserves ... 
Ever since I emerged into a full-blown teenager , I've noticed that the female species has been practically looked over , with the exception of pregnancy . We are simply baby receptacles ... bodies to be plundered for lustful sensations . So as not to perpetuate this ongoing cycle , I have decided not to contribute to the human race . No babies are coming from this body . Not ever . 
Where the money go ... I go 
Temptation has not brought out the beast in me ... yet . Hopefully , it won't ever will . 
No undercover agendas ... just the main agenda : get a 4.0 , go to graduate school , get a PhD , and get the money . The American Dream can kick rocks ... mine sounds much better anyway . 
In desperate need of a cutie that doesn't mind puttin ' in work until the end of the semester . Qualifications : Good at Economics and good at Statistics . I need A's . I'm not looking for a boyfriend ... just looking for a fine nerd ... if there are such beings in this world 
Someone told me that the friends I have now probably won't be friends later . I didn't believe him at first , but he turned out to be right . School is gettin ' harder and so is the pressure . Not peer pressure so much , but the pressure for greatness is forcing me to grow up quick . Instead of following other people's footsteps , I seem to have become the leader of the pack . 
I wanna say something , but for right now I'm just gon ' sit back and admire from afar ... 
I think that if you really love someone , you can't be friends . In fact , I think it's impossible , which might explain why I've done the things I've done in the past . I guess I thought that if I just ignored and pushed away the person ( or people ) I loved , then I wouldn't have to worry about them , but it has become quite clear to me that u can't compartmentalize love . 
No more nice girl . Not going to count on people . Not going to love nobody . I'm going for mine and using any and everybody for my gain . 
A bright future looms ahead ... all I gotta do is make the present the past ... 
Still waitin ' for the word . The implementation of my master plan can't go in to full effect without it . 
I've always wondered what it felt like to be overly beautiful/handsome and popular , but luckily for me I won't have to think about that anymore in the future because I'll be too busy swimmin ' in money ... Not in the profession of looks , but I am focused on gettin ' the guap ... 
Once again I'm being faced with peer pressure ... it's not necessarily bad , but it's just not something I'm willing to commit to ... maybe it's just time to fall back ... 
Gonna meet my < PROPFEMALE > today ... 
Time to get serious about the future ... 
Gettin ' ready to put this mask on once again ... It seems the world loves it more when I perform than when I'm just bein ' me ... 
Even though some of the things I want haven't come to me yet ... I'm getting the things I need which is I guess all that matters ... I believe those other things will happen , just not on my time ... and I'm cool with that . 
Shoes For Sale ! I got J's , < PROPMALE>'s , and Forces ! Hit me up or text me if you're interested : 573-433-9486 
Everything always boils down to money ... smh 
I just finished my econ paper . Now all I have to do is cram for my econ test sunday and monday ! It's almost over ! Oh and by the way ... 2nd floor of the west stacks in the library is a great place to study ! 
Whoever invented econ should've killed theyself ... 
Gonna need a prayer and a miracle to get an A+ in econ . Why did college have to get so hard ? Why must I suffer ? 
Everything I built my life on has crumbled . Guess I'm not so invincible . Nothing even matters anymore . Why even live ? 
Not givin ' a care about the world today ... just gonna do my thang . 
Lately I've been wonderin ' , \Why am I here ? Missouri ... of all places . \ " I see all my people havin ' fun back home . Man I miss < PROPMALE > . And that's real talk . " 
Everybody want a hand out but don't wanna give nothin ' back ... 
Re-evaluatin ' . Restrategizin ' . Rechargin ' . Reassessin ' the future ... my future . 
needs new ways to get money . 
\ ... And know I pop bottles cause I bottle my emotions ... at least I put it all in the open . \"-- Drake ( Fear ) " 
L says I'm never satisfied ... but I can't help it ... I want it all ... 
Got a thousand questions on my mind : Why am I here ? What is my purpose ? Why my advisor won't email me back ? Why everybody gettin ' pregnant ? Why is love everywhere ? Why everything ain't what it's supposed to be ? 
I'm a threat . Deal with it . 
No use holdin ' on to things that should be let go ... that includes feelings ... 
Nobody can EVER tell me that money don't matter . Can't nobody tell me I'm greedy for workin ' hard for what should be mine . And I'm not stingy for tryin ' to hold on to mi mula . I'm just tryna protect my investment . If you can't understand that then we ain't got nothin ' to talk about . 
Money , truth , and feelin ' guilty do not mix . Because of this lethal combination , I think I might've lost the only woman that knew me best . From now on , I think I'm just gonna lie . In the meantime ... thinkin ' of spreadin ' my wings and flyin ' cause home ain't like it used to be . I hate it when money changes everything . 
Ready to go back to school . 
Never asked for a handout ... I always preferred to do things for myself ... that's how you raised me , but for some reason I feel like I owe you and I can't get away from that . I will forever be your child , but I'm slowly pulling away . In due time , I won't need you . I will be able to stand on my own . -- Charnissia \MiMi\ " Smith b.k.a. motherless child " 
These movies like Twilight and Avatar really be makin ' me think that love is the best thang on planet Earth and that it's so wonderful , sappy , and breath-taking ... they don't ever show how tantalizing and hurtful it is ... and what's crazy is even though you now how bad for you it really is , you still want it ( sigh ) 
It's amazin ' when you have to believe in the fantasies in order to keep sane in the reality of your own world . Wishin ' I had the unattainable is the only thing that seems to save me from feelings of longing . 
I used to think the world was against me , but now maybe I'm thinking I'm against it . I'm tired of defending myself ... my actions ... my thoughts ... my feelings . Why can't anybody understand me ? 
Got ships on the brain ... scholarships and internships . Who knows what I'll accomplish this year and where I'll be next summer ?! My \Silent Empire\ " is slowly building ... " 
Thanks everybody for wishing me a happy birthday ! I really appreciate it ! In the meantime ... I think I might be ready to get on out there and start datin . ' Just a thought . 
I am on some < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > \I Love You\ " type ish right now ... " 
Momma says \lookin ' in the past stagnates your growth\ " so I can't turn back if I'm tryna succeed ... with that bein ' said no more ruminatin ' about past relationships or missed opportunities ... the future is the what I'm pursuin ' ... " 
What else is there to life other than money and love ? 
Things I once thought important are not important anymore . Things I used to love I now hate and the things I hated I love . I guess nothing is really sure anymore . 
Gonna have to live my life based on necessities ... problems keep poppin ' up and I don't wanna use money as my remedy ... ( sigh ) 
My head hurts thinkin ' ' bout all these decisions I gotta make before I go back to school ... should I think short or long term ? Buy cheap or get what I want ? I don't know what to choose . 
So ... I got two days left till I'm back in CoMo . In the meantime , before I leave Waynesville/ St. Robert ... does anybody want some J's or speakers ? Everything is in very good condition ... I'll even offer a nice back to school price , but hit me up soon before I leave ... over and out . 
Time to cut it off . School is startin ' so that means \no life\ " mode will fully go into effect by 10 AM tomorrow . Goodbye summer . Hello hermit . " 
thinks I mighta put myself in a box I can't get out of ... but the question is , \Do I want to get out ? \"" 
needs stamina ... for these long nights ... studyin ' ( sigh ) 
Got my three crushes for the year ... probably not gon ' talk to any of them , but at least I got some eye < PROPFEMALE > to look forward to everyday ... :) 
As long as you got a permanent tan in < PROPFEMALE > , you ain't safe ... 
feels overwhelmed , deranged , angry . At times like these , I wish I could take a break from life ... a little time-out would be nice . 
A bunch of random thoughts : How did I get here ... school ... money ... work ? When will I grow some balls and talk to crushes ? Why do I feel like I'm always makin ' it hard for myself ? What is really the deal with sex these days ? Why can't I stay up all night ? Why can't I establish connections with people ? Feels like I gotta broken link with everybody . 
needs a little inspiration because right now ... I'm tired . Somebody save me . 
Black . Woman . < PROPFEMALE > n . This is what I am . In that order . I think about these three selves simultaneously . My mind is restless , always processing the layers of its triple consciousness . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for your contradictive values and W . E . B . Du Bois for your theory of double consciousness . You make me question my position in society every day . It is because of you I can never separate myself or walk away from race . 
The key to makin ' it this year is \doin ' without feelin ' . \ " From the classes to the problems ... I just can't think about everything that goes wrong or feels uncomfortable to me . I just gotta make it through this semester . I just gotta make it . " 
I LOVE boywatching . There's nothing like eyecandy to brighten up your day . Yum . 
Quit it all to get it all ... ( sigh ) So satisfied when thangs come together . 
Politicians don't care about us . All they want is the \Latino vote\ " or the \ " Black vote . \ " I don't think I've heard them talkin ' about gettin ' the \ " white vote . \ " Smh . I'm disgusted by politics these days . " 
Winter time . I love the weather but not the romance that sparks because of its lack of warmth . School . I love it but never thought I'd have to give up so much just to see its benefits . Boys . I don't love you . But I do appreciate the view . 
I like it anywhere ... long as it's not in my way . :) 
Hey lover 
I'm ' bout to go crazy . Everythang and and everybody is startin ' get on my nerves . My teachers don't like me apparently cause they keep givin ' me work . Gotta give up all the things I like just to do stuff I'd rather not do , but gotta do . Mane at this point , I need a retreat or somethin ' . Preferably with some eyecandy . I'm tired and so frustrated . I did not foresee this semester bein ' like this . 
I'm certified ... 
It's funny how these politicians and markekting people only go after minorities ( gay , African-American , < PROPFEMALE > , etc . ) when it's either convenient , they find out they have spending power , or their companies need the profits . I don't understand why they take minorities for granted . Why don't they just put on the \veil of ignorance\ " and look at everybody the same and treat them equally ? No hierarchy attached . " 
I find that everyday I'm changing how I view the world and the people in it . I'm constantly accommodatin ' my beliefs and perceptions , which I guess ... is a good thing . And while I may not have that someone to special to share things with , I've still got my future . And maybe that's all I need to look to for my inspiration right now . 
Somethin ' ' bout that Texas swag ... missin ' that ol ' < PROPMALE > a lil ' more each day . 
All I want is some chicken tenders and pizza . Every day . All day . Any day . Can you give it to me ? 
How do you get back to Waynesville from Columbia ? I've got mapquest directions , but my moms says there's another way . And apparently , I don't know it . 
Don't think I was ever made for the Midwest . The South is where it's at . The food is better . The dudes are better . The weather is better . People's manners are even better . I miss the Southern drawls and hospitality . < PROPMALE > . Texas . Forever my home . 
Quit fallin ' if you can't get up . 
\Life is easy . We're the ones that make it hard . \"-- SoulFood the series " 
Manumit 
All I ask ... of anyone ... is to never put me in a box . Don't put your assumptions on me . Don't voice your expectations . Let me be who I am . Let me love ... whoever ... and possibly ... one day ... let them love me back . 
Somebody is gonna have to remind me why I came to college . I think I hate school . The teachers suck . The work sucks . Books are a rip-off . Man , I promise ... when I get < PROPMALE > , I'm never givin ' back to MU . They can kick rocks and step on glass for all I care . From now on ... it's M.O.E. 
What will I miss if it's gone ? 
When is it o.k. to just be you ...? Without the perm ... without the clothes ... the money ... the attitude ... the skin ? When can you just be naked and devoid of all emotions , expectations and worries ? Smh ... just wanna be free ... 
My time will come . 
Well , here it goes ... opinions ... hmm ... can't do nothing with ' em . Life ... still haven't figured out what I'm supposed to do with that . Family ... one big enigma . Got too many conflicting emotions about how I'm supposed to feel for them . Society ... can go to Hell . And besides , this generation hasn't had anything to fight for since the Civil Rights < PROPFEMALE > . 
Don't look the same no mo ' ... and won't ... guess I'll see who gon ' be them while I still be me . ( wink ) 
\Everything I Am \"-- Kanye West " 
\One Mic \"-- Nas " 
Just saw my future today ... just gotta get his name . lol :) 
Just got a twitter . Who to follow ? 
\Big Brother \"-- Kanye West " 
Not understandin ' this ... how you get homework when you ain't got no class ? 
Today starts the day of Black History Month ... guess it's where the world decides to officially celebrate us ... but we can't let ' em reduce us to just one month ( and the shortest one at that ) ... we gotta celebrate us EVERYDAY . 
Why do I always feel like I'm in my awkward years ? Gotta get fine when I get out of college . ( sigh ) 
\All of the Lights \"-- Kanye West ( feat . Rihanna ) " 
No matter how you look ... you look good . 
Think it's time for midnight walks and late night talks ... too pretty outside to stay in . :) 
Sometimes , I think I'd rather be workin ' and gettin ' money than bein ' at school ... but hopefully , when this school thing works out ... I'll be rollin ' in the dough . :) $$$$ 
Saw three cuties in a row ... must be my lucky day . :) 
Today has been a momentous occasion ... finally talked to \the future . \ " And guess what ? I got his name ... :) " 
\Angel \"-- Ne-Yo " 
Ever feel like people livin ' yo ' destiny ... or in the place you think you should be ? Maybe I'm soundin ' crazy ... but hey ! It's just a thought ... 
Think I'm ' bout to watch \Above the Rim . \ " Good movie . " 
\H . A . M . \"-- Kanye West ( feat . Jay-Z ) " 
really wishes I could get out of a couple of things this week . Seriously . 
Nothin ' like younger people to make you realize how mature you really are . 
\We Back Soon \"-- Lil ' < PROPMALE > " 
Can't wait till I get straight teeth ... I'll be such a < PROPMALE > ( sigh ) jk :) 
hopes to hear good news all this week . 
Got a job . And that is all . ( takes a bow ) 
If u love me ( comment on my status )\ 
If u think I'm a good friend ( like this status)\ 
If u hate me ( inbox me and tell me why)\ 
If u ever had a crush on me , be honest ( poke me)\ 
If you're not scared ( make this your status ) #LEGOO 
\We wear the mask that grins and lies/It hides our cheeks and shades our eyes/This debt we pay to human guile/With torn and bleeding hearts we smile\ " -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dunbar (\" We Wear the Mask \")" 
