If I wanted a sauna I would go to one , I prefer my room not to be one . 

The annoying part of having my window open ( took duct tape sealed insulation within off ) now is to much light from hospital across street . And noisy birds . Least its cool up there as it is down here now . 
I was watching < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > last night ( Joy of Painting ) and good lord its amazing . All his catchphrases make me laugh though . Lets make a happy cloud , See that tree over there ? Lets give him a friend . Goes on and on . But the painting itself is amazing evolvi 
In one of those moods for a whole lot of music . And finding new bands . 
Whew .. Groggy . Woke up to a numb arm and the sound of rain . Another day just full of it eh ? Suppose its a good thing i like rain . 
is loving Prototype . 
Looking back on comedian stand-up . Love < PROPFIRST > Carlin's comedy and views . Flawless presentation . 
Finally found why people like Portal so much . Not really much a story to it but its great fun ! 
Storm is here ! Woo bring on the thunderrrr ! 
Wow . Eeeeh heeeeee ! 
It would be ironic if < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > came back as a zombie ... 
Wish i could find my ps2 memory cards . Lost for months in chaotic house . Holds so many hours of game play . All poofed away . 
Oh no . Back into MUGEN collection mode ... 
Nice . Close lightning 
A warning : If you're going to microwave < PROPFEMALE > its probably a good idea to open the bottle . 
still wishes there was a \dislike\ " button . Does Facebook think we just have to like everything ? -shakes fist- " 
PsP > DS 
Some reason its really difficult to find a small Phillips head screwdriver . 
Off to see back to back movies of the new < PROPMALE > Potter and Transformers today . Looking forward to it ! 
Had a lot of fun past couple days . Been good . Now its aftermath clean up time . Wooo . 
Dying from the heat and couldn't sleep . Can't cool down , really wish I had an air conditioner . 
Going camping at Salt Springs . Worth it for the camp food ! Oh and family bonding , yada yada etc etc . 
Its all bullshit . 
Nothing like being woken up to the sound of a fly buzzing around you . 
Bored . Annoyed with ants finding their way to crawl all up on me . 
Yo 
Perfect World is one of those rare games where a Panda-Man and an Elf can ride on a Dinosaur . 
Waiting on that Deadpool solo movie . Screw you Green Lantern ! 
Nice day at < PROPMALE > walk . Fun time with < PROPMALE > and Soph =] 
wants to go to NYC this month . 
Thanks for the ham , < PROPMALE > . Mmm ... leftovers . 
I don't like waking up before the sun even rises . 
Dreaming of flesh eating monsters is not as exciting as i thought it would be . Would like to go back to bed at least . 
Anyone buy borderlands on 360 ? Lets play live ! 
Ham will solve the worlds issues . Ham for president ! 
I don't think I'm ever getting used to waking up early . 
wants Assassins Creed II 
Assassins Creed II is amazingly awesome . 
After over a year it seems I am finally making a 360 game collection . Any suggestions on some good cheap games ? 
House was \attacked\ " by a grey cat with a fluffy tail . Sister was brutally \ " mauled\ " as it followed her . Savior of the day was < PROPMALE > who picked the cat up and took it out of home ... lol It was just a cat ! not some monster ... sheesh . " 
Lesson of the day : Baby Peach can kick your ass in < PROPFIRST > Kart . 
900 < PROPMALE > away my mom still has me searching for a hidden easter basket . Thanks mom ! Applejacks for the win ! 
It's hard to not want to taste test the feta cheese and steamed spinach before stuffing it into the chicken . Just to dang good . 
Why is it one of the rare times I like to make spiedies is the time i don't have tin foil ? I'd put it on pan on the stove but i feel like thats slapping it in the face . Its already in a whatchamacallit so i might as well stick it in the oven . To google for ideas ! 
I want to have fried chicken with Jesus . 
I've come to the conclusion i need a haircut . 
My mom thinks I'd sooner be abducted by aliens then be social in the outer world . 
Thank you Gamefly for not being lame and sending me Monster < PROPMALE > Tri upon release date ! 
OPEN YOUR EYES YOUR EYES ARE OPEN 
Ratatatatatatat . 
Random question ... Why is it always when i want someone they never respond . When i actually need them for once . Whyyyyyyy ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Jello isnt as good as i thought it would be . 
Just thought this was funny\ 
Teacher : < PROPFIRST > Washington not only chopped down his father's < PROPFEMALE > tree , but also admitted it . Now , < PROPFIRST > , do you know why his father didn't punish him ? \ 
Louis : Because < PROPFIRST > still had the axe in his hand . 
We have flower beds . But will there be flowers in them ? 50/50 Not sure about that haha . 
Those baked beans were awesommme . 
My lifes a let down . 
I'd change my pic like a certain someone asked but i don't really have a lot to go with . Might have to wait it out a bit . 
Get home , clean up , watch rest of Rome first season . 
6 days is it now ? 7 - 1 ? Better creep up fast . Cant wait to be connected again . With the worrrrld ! 
Dear Christmas music on the radio , \ 
To soon ! 
Why is it almost everything tastes better with Franks Red Hot Sauce ? Truly amazing . 
Hellooooooo leftovers . 
Started watching the show Outsourced . It's freakin ' hilarious .! 
Woke up to one of those energy saving bulbs falling from above my feet and bursting since i kicked the wire . I knew i should of moved it last night . Crappy wake up call . 
< PROPFIRST > Nielson is dead ? Dude i feel like i want to cry . I loved that guy , great comedy genius . 
Out of curiosity . What color would you get combining caramel and white chocolate ? 
The balancing of the game Warstorm can be amusing . A person with rare and fabled cards can easily be beaten by a person with commons . Got out quicker , did damage faster . Rarity isn't always better i guess . 
I'm\ 
sure there's many thinking about this in my region ... but . Woo snow ! \ 
Snow that's actually sticking too . Grounds nearly white out my window . \ 
Bout time . 
I have discovered the joys of Minecraft . 
I didn't feel like waiting to long so i mic'ed my chicken nuggets . Perhaps a little to long ? They shrunk half size and are extremely chewy . But hey I'm not wasting it . Nommin away ! 
