\How easy it is for the proper false in women's waxen hearts to set their forms\ " -Shakespeare's \ " Twelfth Night\ " 2.2.20 -21 " 

no school and five days off work in a row ... what am I going to do with myself ? I hate standing still ... 
so glad I'm not working today and tomorrow ... yesterday was hardcore ! 
\Calling an illegal alien an \ " undocumented immigrant\ " is like calling a drug dealer an \ " unlicensed pharmacist \"\"" 
mmmm .... homemade chocolate-covered strawberries :D 
work was , shall we say , interesting ?... 
off to church and to the eye doctor ... let's see how much worse my eyesight got :) 
is excited to read her new book \the Physick Book of Deliverance Dane\ " ... it sounds really good ! " 
really enjoyed the book \The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane\ " ... any thoughts from other readers ? " 
so sad that it seems I can't nominate my car for ' pimp my ride ' ... :( 
Today is my male dog's birthday ! Happy 8th birthday , Piccolo ! 
watching the movie elektra , eating beef stroganoff and drinking southern comfort .. it's a good day 
oy 
mmm ... icecream sandwiches :) 
stupid squirrels ate my sugar snap peas !!! too late to replant :( 
has a day off work after working 7 days in a row :) 
listening to some pretty amazing violin solos !! :) 
feeling good after work ! :) 
What happened on Powell to cause me to have to take the longest detour home ever ? 
is waking up at 330 am to drive people to and from the hospital , salem oregon , doctor and hospital again 
mom is out of surgery ... still at the hospital ... got 1 hour of sleep , stayed at the hospital with her for 10 hours , came back to get my sis and grandma , drama , no food , long day ... 
went to < PROPMALE>'s wedding yesterday ... beautiful wedding ... I caught the bouquet !!... although my tire shredded while I was on the highway this morning :( 
just found out I have AC ... good to find out AFTER the heatwave :( 
is officially even more depressed then before 
is feeling better :) 
off to my bio feedback appointment :) 
if it's not on google , amazon or wikipedia it doesn't exist 
lemons , melons and pears ... oh my ! 
I'm going to find whomever is running the website broadwayabridged.com and posted the \script\ " for wicked and shoot in the foot ! " 
had fun after work ! 
4 weeks and 0 days until my 22nd birthday ! 
off to start the day ... stupid phone :( 
happy days :) 
I'm most ready for a new phone .. 
still in desperate need of a new phone :( 
is playing in the computer lab while waiting to talk to an advisor ... hate PSU ! 
good times ... 
I HATE SPIDERS !!!!! 
But now , there's no where to hide , since ya pushed my love aside ... I'm out of my head , hopelessly devoted to you ... hopelessly devoted to you 
my phone has been officially lost since 10 o'clock this morning ... :( I will not survive !!! 
my mom totally jacked my phone yesterday and gave me an iphone for my birthday !! yayay !! 
trying to catalogue my entire book collection onto my iphone ... haha ... I'll be done next christmas ! 
is actually excited for school to start :) 
so I hit my head on a door frame at work ... how do I manage to do these things ? 
my head still hurts really horribly from work yesterday ... at least I don't have to work again until friday 
so no bleeding in the brain but the doctor went on and on about my enlarged lateral ventricals ( something I had already discussed with a neurosurgeon about brain surgery for ) ... why do doctors keep giving me narcotics ? 
I just got 100% on my psychology quiz online ... I have no idea how I did that ... 
i hate cold ... my nose will be permanently red and stuffed for the next 6 months 
so pretty sure I got a solid B on my A&P of Speech and Swallowing class even though , after an all-nighter , I did not feel prepared 
lovely ( I'm being sarcastic , of course ) 
need to do yoga ... much tenseness in my muscles ( 
get to sing at area recital tomorrow ... hope all the peeps like sweeney < PROPMALE > 
great setup ... horrible follow-thru 
can't stop singing songs from the < PROPFEMALE > widow 
sick of being sick ... tonifying to get healthy :) 
my feet are officially dead and bleeding ... never should have worn those shoes :( 
I'm using HSP to see your HEF ... well , not yet :) 
Yay ! Things are lookin ' up :) 
choir concert . check . perform at area recital and audition for < PROPFEMALE > widow ... eech 
Ah , sleep , where have you gone ? 
tomorrow's the day ... first singing at area recital , then < PROPFEMALE > widow auditions ... voice hold out until then , please ? 
yumminess no rules burger stacked half a mile high ... oh ya 
all I want is a massage and a nap ! 
tear * 
gonna make watermelon margaritas and play ninento wii with my mom ... 
today my fitness age for wii is 69 years old ... but I beat my mom at tennis , bowling and boxing so far :) 
ready for a break ... 4 day weekend next week !! 
stupid PSU ... let me register for the classes I want at the times I want or else !! and stop wait-listing me ! 
much better now 
is excited for tonight :) 
oops !! overslept and missed my first class , choir ... not going to school today I guess 
Happy Thanksgiving , yo !! 
off to work 
trying to find a cocktail/shot that's tastes like a red < PROPFEMALE > cupcake ... ideas ? 
so apparently the cops can't do anything if someone's stalking you ... lovely 
Come see PSU women's chorus perform tiday at 8 pm at 1st congregational church downtown at Broadway and < PROPFEMALE > ( sane side as the schnitzer ); I'll be playing finger cymbals and singing crazy high notes :) 
one more day in Portland and tomorrow I'm gone ... I'll miss you ! 
forgot to take some pain medication during the flight last night and now my left ear is super messed up ... can barely hear , it hurts and it feels like it's full of water 
gonna pick up a couple books at B&N then off to work 
\what a crazy random happenstance \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
day 4 of playing wii fit ... missed day 2 and it asked me why I was too busy to exercise ...?! 
yay ! news years eve ... and still single ... meh 
happy new year !! 
Just watched Men in Black ... crazy giant cockroach ! 
mmm ... cookies 
\a paradox a paradox a most ingenious paradox .. ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha a paradox \"" 
red/white ; black polka-dots 
thanks to the power of < PROPFEMALE > , the grease stain on my shirt is no more ... Becca 1 , drawn butter 0 , I win 
so while everyone else is going to get drunk and have a good time , I had to work open to close then went straight home after work ... sad ... but at least I won a nice chunk of change in visa gift cards :) 
is listening to/singing along with ' hypnotize ' by system of a down over and over again while playing rock band on my iphone 
hates when people make up stuff and say you said it to cause drama ... whoever it was , I'm gonna find you and punch you in the face 
installing finale while watching x-men origins : wolverine 
hate to say ' I told you so ' but ... 
my glasses came in !!! YAYAYAY !! not only are the frames cute but they're my actual prescription so I don't have squint when wearing glasses anymore ( I'm so blind ) 
meh ... life 
grr at being sick ... I need some jamba juice ... jamba fixes everything !! 
just watched \ P.S. I love You\ " ... supposedly a comedy but I cried during the entire movie " 
going downtown ... getting some sort of smoothie .. then off to work 
change of plans ... car is having a heart attack so after a quick stop at albertsons for odwalla , gonna take the bus to work 
hopefully my car will be fixed tomorrow .. yayay 
my car ... she lives !! 
not looking forward to this weekend 
totally missed the fact that yesterday was mardi gras ... 
beautiful day !! Church was my only event of the day & now for an \Avatar : The Last Airbender\ " marathon ... again ... :) " 
just saw my dad on youtube playing violin ... strange 
Ah to be a woman ... 
nothing terribly interesting to report ... just a horrid migraine 
next tuesday ... 
OK I ADMIT I'M A BITCH . Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . If you're a bitch then post this on your status . I DARE YOU 
my car's ALIVE !!!! the battery works , antenna motor stopped running , radio works , tires filled with air & compartment of wires above the peddles is once more enclosed ... YAYAYAYAYAY !! 
final battle with PSU ... ( p.s. if you gave me a refund that means you owed me money ... how do I suddenly owe you money ? ) 
crazy woman , why don't you listen ? 
Enchanted ? Ha-ha ha-ha ! Who said anything about the castle being enchanted ? Ha-ha-ha .... It was you , wasn't it ? 
It's not right for a woman to read . Soon she starts getting * ideas * , and * thinking * ... 
watchin ' \The Blindside\ " before work ... " 
I love Love LOVE < PROPMALE > Jackman's opening number at the Oscars ... I can't stop watching it 
nobody puts baby in a corner ... FML !! 
Happy Easter ! Hristos A Inviat !! 
watch the link I uploaded for the nostalgia critic ... it says blip.tv 
going to cut my hair ... finally ( only about 6 inches off the bottom maybe but lots of layers and maybe more dramatic bangs ... idk ) 
At the doctor ... meh 
gonna pamper myself then make frosted sugar cookies :) 
don't take sleeping pills ... they make you feel groggy and hungover 
At < PROPMALE > Center with my sis ... 
* with cockney accent * \Anybody want a meat pie ? \"" 
Bring a reusable travel mug to starbucks tomorrow and get FREE coffee !! 
FAIL ... darn you Hawthorne < PROPFIRST > Meyer for not having what I want 
just < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > on Hawthorne ... too many cool shops , not enough time and money .. 
? DON'T FORGET !! FREE coffee at Starbucks today if you bring in a reusable travel mug !!!! ? 
Got home from work & was greeted by a raccoon ... what ?! 
FAIL ... 
filing for unemployment ... 
Just walked 5 < PROPMALE > in a little over an hour ... woot ! 
just took a long walk ( had to work off those chocolate-covered strawberries I ate ) ^^* 
my first-aid/CPR certification class is tonight .. 
Taking my dogs to petsmart for a quick nail grind , detor to pick up something for the march of dimes tomorrow then home to cook dinner 
March of Dimes is today ! Awake TOO early ... ugh 
Off to church then to Tin Tin's Oriental Buffet 
Not up to much ... working for my uncle for the time being .. hopefully gonna make chili tomorrow :) 
ah , wii , how I hate you ... soreness 
does it hurt worse if you sprain your toe or break your toe ... I've been limping a couple of days & I don't know what I did ... 
so I guess I broke my toe ... but I have no idea how ... hmm 
working at my uncle's ... gonna make a healing tonic for my cough ... then off to spaghetti factory :) 
going to CCC summer term ... gonna get my CNA-1 Certification before starting my graduate work 
I'm used to ordering whiskey & I just got a peach belini ... weird 
have to play \Ave Maria\ " on the violin for my uncle ... probably should practice since I haven't played in quite a while " 
feel so drained and sick ... and have the walk for breast cancer bright and early tomorrow morning ... 
Just had a male high school cheerleader yell at me \save some boobies\ " ... boys & walks for breast cancer don't mix " 
Darn you , lid to the soup pot , for burning my arm ... agh ! 
Listening to an audio cassette mix of music from 5th grade ... Mr. DeMichele was the best teacher ever !! 
just made funnel cakes ... waaayy too big and waaayyy too sweet ... ugh 
As of today there is a NEW PRIVACY settingon\ 
Facebook called \Instant Personalization . \ " It allows Facebook to sharedata\ 
My computer won't turn on ... lovely ... & I'm trying to research the medical assistant program at a few different schools 
I'm sick , Dory is sick , my computer is sick ... ugh 
\It is better to drink wine & talk stupid than to drink water & be full of shit \"" 
Just made dinner ... pan-fried chicken , green bean casserole , whipped potatoes , biscuits ... gonna make frosted sugar cookies ... yum ! 
I'm so tired of these people that try to get you to sign stuff ... some guy trying to get money for parks & I'm thinking how about money for homeless people or schools or single parents or abused animals or medical marijuana ... then we'll talk about parks 
Day 1 of exercising at the gym complete ... ugh 
Going to see \Stars On Ice \"..." 
Day 3 of exercising ( officially day 2 ; I skipped yesterday ) 
Cletite anyone ? 
Ahhhh !!! Crunch time ... 
Just made pork ( seared both sides in butter & < PROPFEMALE > oil , then covered the top with prego & slowly cooked the inside ) , spinach & cheesy roasted potatoes ... mmmm :) 
You know how dogs stick their butt in the air & bark at other dogs or people when they want to play ? My dog just did that to a pair of garaffe-printed high heels ... poor girl is losing her sight in her old age ... 
Making casserole & chocolate cake :) sooo hungry ! 
Back to the chiropractor I go ... stupid idiots who can't drive ! 
First day of school ... yay 
Just left the chiropractor ... I feel like a new woman !! I have the MOST AMAZING chiropractor on the planet ( if anyone needs a chiropractor I can hook you up !! ) 
\The Last Airbender\ " premiers THIS THURSDAY !!!!!!!! " 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > garden with my mom & sis 
Happy belated 8th birthday to my male dog , Piccolo ... we are celebrating with a nail trim , ear cleaning , teeth brushing , bath & homemade dog biscuits 
Got a manicure yesterday ... the nail polish chipped on two fingers already :( 
On the way to the < PROPFIRST > county fair ... 
I just kidnapped my grandma .... hehe 
Just gave an informative speech on acupuncture in my speech class ... so happy to be done with that ( not a speech kinda gal ) 
I have the weirdest dreams ... 
5 colleges for grad school are considered ( the only schools in the US that have this program ) and 4 fall leaving NCNM ( National College of Natural Medicine ) the champion ! 
Giving my final speech in speech class today ... a persuasive speech .... on natural/alternative medicine 
Just made dinner ... pulled pork with a fabulous sauce , spaghetti & feta cheese , steamed broccoli & cauliflower with a bit o ' butter & sliced bread ... mmm 
Can't stop listening to the fuga from Bach's violin sonata No 1 in g minor ... over & over 
Happy Friday the 13th ! 
Made potato stew & triple layer < PROPFIRST > heavenly angel food cake :) 
I put on fake nails in an effort to stop biting my nails and ... well ... I bit through the fake nails ... FAIL ... shows you can't solve a problem by covering it up ... lesson of the day 
The exploration day at NCNM yesterday ROCKED !! 
Sometimes I forget that , in order for the microwave you work , you have to actually press start when you put something in it 
my sister just went to the hospital ... 
Just made chocolate chip cookies ... yum ! 
I made apple tarts & my sister thought they were twice-baked potatoes ... thanks 
One of dog's front legs is swollen :( 
Just cleaned our carpet & rugs ... they're crazy clean ! 
Exactly one week until my birthday !! 
\in my field of paper flowers and < PROPFEMALE > clouds of lullaby I lie inside myself for hours and watch my purple sky fly over me \"" 
Just made cheesy cauliflower soup ... so yummy !! 
My computer is fixed ... YAYAY !! Picking it up tomorrow :) 
Been sick the past few days :( 
On PSU ... why must you make everything so complicated ? 
Just got a job for this week !! Super stoked :) 
First day on the job ... had a great time ! Was even asked to come back part of next week too :) 
TGIF ! Woke up a little late today but still getting to work on time ... I think 
my poor puppy has to go to the doctor to have a whole bunch of tests :( 
Doing acupuncture today .... Definitely need it !! Totally stoked :) 
Stupid headphones for iPhone broke ... had a mic & volume & everything ... grr 
Another day another carrot ... glad to be working 
Stuck on the max ... can't go anywhere until the president lands ... grr 
Bah ! Trying to get all seasons of criminal minds on DVD for reasons two-fold ... I'm in love with that show & < PROPFIRST > Gray Gubler is my current celeb crush ... & every place i've checked only sells it online ... stupid shipping fees !! 
TGIF ... it's been a rough day ... hopefully the weekend will be better 
It's the dumbest thing I've ever seen ... Bristol is not good enough to still be on Dancing With the Stars ... Alaska , QUIT VOTING FOR HER !!!! 
Had a really great idea for a commercial for microcurrent treatment during acupuncture ( looks like mini jumper cables that attach to the needles ) ... having trouble getting started in the morning ? :-P 
I say , if all the world's a stage , let's make the show a musical ;) 
Can't ... move ... my ... arm 
Got the brakes on my car fixed ... yay ! That was scary !! 
Yay ! < PROPFEMALE > went home ! She was pissing me off ... next week is the dancing with the stars finale ... everybody vote for < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > !!!! 
My neti pot just crashed to pieces ... if that's how today is gonna be , I'm going back to bed 
Season finale of Dancing with the Stars tonight ... I maxed out all my votes ( text , phone & online ) for < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > !!! 
well that sucks 
My phone mostly works now ( aside from my ringtone , which works , my speakers won't play ... but the sound still works through the headphones ) 
Happy Ziua de Mos Nikolai ! 
What a great start to the day * note sarcasm * 
TGIF !! Company Christmas bash tonight :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! & hearts ; & hearts ; & hearts ; 
Left work early to go to urgent care ... so sick ! :( 
still sick with no voice ... missed 3 days of work ... listening to apocalyptica while loading cds on my computer then gonna watch \Day After Tomorrow \"" 
Not feeling 100% better but it's time to get my butt back to work 
Delayed b/c there was a bomb threat so the < PROPMALE > isn't running ... bah 
Haha ! It's actually snowing :) 
happy birthday , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Poe !! 
Ugh ... Monday 
A woman I was talking to at church asked me if I was in youth group .... nope I'm 23 
the most beautiful , large , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > outside :) 
just watches the newest karate kid movie 
ugh ... it's Monday again 
The steel bridge isn't locking properly so I'm stuck on the < PROPMALE > & I'm definitely going to late to work :/ 
* sings from the movie White Christmas * snow , snow , snow , snow , SNOW * ends song * 
Happy birthday to my little sister who turns 22 today !! 
Yay ! I got a cord that works ( free under warrantee ) so I can actually charge my laptop :) 
Goodbye hair ... you have served me well ! 
Top o ' the mornin to ya all & a very happy St. Paddy's day !! 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > Taylor ... you will be missed :( 
Off to the beach :) 
The beach was awesome ! Got home yesterday & it's back to work tomorrow 
starting to get sick :( ( I guess too little sleep and too much cold water/air at the beach ) 
going home early from work due to sickness ... sucky 
Still sick ... 
just watched Dirty Dancing Havana Nights with my sis ( was supposed to be at a barbecue but whatev ) 
I have a very whistle-y cough ... lovely 
Happy Friday !! & hearts ; & hearts ; & hearts ; 
Gonna sleep with a shotgun & one eye open ... 
My calves are on fire ! I spent the whole weekend going up & down stairs moving furniture :( 
so , I guess I'm a blogger now ... I started a blog about natural medicine ... are there any particular topics within holistic health that people want to see ? any questions answered ? 
If you love me , comment on this status . If you think I'm a good friend , like this status . If you hate me , message me and tell me why . If you ever had a crush on me or do , be honest , poke me . If you're not scared , make this your status ! 
sick ... staying home from work :( 
TGIF !! gonna spend the weekend cleaning and moving furniture and blogging 
Just saw ' Hop ' with my mom & sister and the stupid kids behind us were kicking us & screaming the whole time 
Slept a total of one hour ... NEED ... COFFEE 
Pesach Same'ach ... Happy Passover ! 
TGIF ! Family flys in today for Easter :) 
Happy Easter .... Hristos a inviat ! 
sooo ready for a nap but have to work :( 
want to go home and make food ... roasted potatoes ? smoked salmon and cheese omelette ? chocolate guinness cupcakes with cream cheese frosting ? fudge ? ziua si noapte ? or all of the above :) 
TGIF ! Just had a going away party for one of our attorneys ... very sad 
Doing tolhe march of dimes 10K walk ... starts in 20 minutes ! 
Went to OMSI today with Bob ... had a blast ! 
