is really wishing that she could hold her Baby 

just got home from bible school and is soooo happy to be free !!! i hate schedules 
is working a surprise gift to one of my friends ... might take awhile hopefully it will be done by Christmas :s 
getting ready for my MRI today ... ugh hope this one doesn't take as long as the one yesterday 
wishes that some people would have FAITH ;) 
sad day ... michael < PROPMALE > died ... loved him you got to love him ... thriller * sob * thriller night * sob * WAAAAAAAAAA :'( 
is waiting impatiently for wednesday 
probably just screwed up a friendship , having problems within the family , and , on top of everything , docs think I may have a freakin tumor .... what a beautiful mess I'm in .... not really beautiful at all 
back is hurting like crap and i cant find the advil so it will go away 
is so pissed that people at my church THINK they know what they are talking about when in reality all they are doing is Satan's work 
people in my church have NO IDEA whats going on they have NO IDEA no matter what they say they need to stop being hypocrites ... stope judging ... stop gossiping ... stop blaming others for other people's mistakes ... and looking at other people's fruits when the 
is SOOOOOO disgusted right now .... I just want to vomit 
why must you allow Satan to put all this crap on me in my life ... I've been through enough already ! 
is in the midst of a storm and only sees a faint light at the end of the tunnel ... wishing God would calm the storm in me 
is sad to say that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > may be getting married idk so now i'm going into denial mode starting ....... now 
is relieved ... Holly < PROPFEMALE > is not getting married !!! at least for now ... sad day ... o well lol 
is going to have another niece/nephew !!!!! WOOT !!!!! 
trying to get this fingernail polish off with wet nails ugh SOOOOO FRUSTRATING !!!!!! 
losing sight of the epic goal .... trying to < PROPFEMALE > on .... Jesus grab my hand and lead me .... guide me 
is not going to think about it but its been burning in my mind and its ruining my day .... life . I hope God walks me through this fire like He has sooooo many times before 
sitting at the computer ... taking meds with a cream soda and drinking a virgin bloddy mary ... wow i am sooooooooo tired .... going tomorrow to help with a habitat construction thingy i have nooo work clothes lol ... i'm just going to have to make some i guess 
going on a girls night out .... woot finally out of this prison of a home lol 
might be going to the movies again for another girls night out with my sister and mom ... been a long time since just us went 
has had a long day and there is two sides to it ... bad side : stressful as heck ..... good side : went on a shopping spree woohoo ! 
ugh ... school sucks ... change schedule dont change schedule its a freakin roller coaster .... crap already happening ... gettin stressed like very stressed NEED TO HAVE FUN SOON VERY SOON 
had a great birthday considering i got some money for IYC woohoo ! and a digital camera so therefore no more cruddy pics lol 
trying to finish my essay !!!! 
finished it woot !!! 
South Greene won their first game against Unicoi ... 41-0 ... WOOHOO !!!!! 
got a 98 out of 99 on her essay in english 2 honors .... go me :D 
pumped may sign up for the talent show contest at sg ... play guitar and sing ... \Skin\ " by rascal flatts .... Haven't heard it or read the lyrics you should bout a girl who gets cancer " 
I dont know where I stand with you and I dont know what I mean to you . All I know is everytime I think of you ... all I wanna do is be with you ! 
finally finished english essay bets 10 dollars she'll have another one assigned tomorrow :( 
playing dare with jellybeans that literally taste what they say ... hope i dont get rotten egg :S wish me luck 
has thankfully passed up skunk spray flavored jelly bean ugh 
off to laugh her head off see you tomorrow ... Logan you owe me talk time ;) lol jk jk 
going to the first home game of the season GO REBS GO ! 
sometimes wonders if my little sister is a lesbo ... 
needs a lot of prayers 
3 years ago today i had my bone marrow transplant ... had to give my friends hints but they thought it was my real birthday which makes me sad cuz they didnt really know either one : ' -( 
going to JCMC : Children's Hospital tomorrow getting my head checked out ... cant wait till next week ! i get to go back to St. < PROPFIRST > and see all my friends ! 
JCMC didnt help ... still can't wait for next week ! i miss my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Brick !!!!! 
saddened by the fact that i won't get to see my favorite college ager be4 i go to st. jude ... you know who you are * cough * < PROPFIRST > Fillers 
is going to st. < PROPFIRST > tuesday wont be back home till thursday at midnight .... also sad that i got into a fight with one of my friends who means a lot to me ... emotions suck ... im sorry < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
hates my phone cuz obviously its not letting me update my status from my phone which i have to fix before i go to st. < PROPFIRST > 
has to go to bed got to get up at 2:30 ..... AM !!!!!!!!!!! 
forgot her phone on the cousch so if you tried to get a hold of me thats why .... but i will be on fbook 
had a BUSY day today ... just got done with everything ... tomorrow is going to be busy too ... 6:45 AM- 4:30 PM .... o Lord have mercy on me i cant take not haveing much sleep 
hey guys im coming home tonight !!! i have got a lot of pics for you to see . i love you all very much ! I'll be home around 12:00 AM so txt me if you want to i miss you !!! 
some times there is pain that everyone goes through pain that is unimaginable to one person and the other its no big deal ... but there is always one person that gets hurt way more than anyone else and its usually by the person you love the most it hurts way too much 
sometimes there is just too much to handle and time is in your hands and all you got is the pain 
truth is everybody is going to hurt you . you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . -- < PROPMALE > marley .... i found one but < PROPMALE > never said anything about it hurting this much 
better but im going to need time to get back to where i was ... happy but until then i need to stay busy .... geometry here i come 
no im not ok but in time i will be ... just give me a few weeks 
ok maybe a few months 
stereotyping happens to all of us but that shouldnt get between a friendship .... age has no limit in any relationship sure sometimes to other people it looks weird but in reality there really is no difference and you have to realize that to understand 
has moved on .... want to forget it all ... hate myself but thats not unusual ... hate my medicine ( withdrawals ) making me sick went to the altar laid my burdens there just dont know if i picked one up again :( 
sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand 
is so mixed up at the moment dont know what to feel or say .... how can you fix something that is unfixable ? i wish i could go back in time and erase what i did and said ... i hate my past and im probably going to hate my future .... cookies are the only true friends that and gummi bears 
life is interesting at times ... have fun figuring that out :) 
working on reading my lines .... grandfather is in the hospital with pneumonia and my mom is worried ... im going to get ready for the weekend woot woot ! stupid essay got to get done ... ugh .... essays are tools from satan lol 
really wants everything to just go away !!!!!!! 
is thinking about going somewhere idk where lol ... maybe walmart maybe not ... maybe theaters maybe not ..... walmart is the only choice i see that has a purpose :) 
do i ever cross your mind ?.... guess not . feel like crap . \its life .... that's what all the people say ... \ " what if its not \ " just life\ " ? what if its the people in this life that make it so horrible ... or maybe its our unseen enemy working in the minds of those we love .... our enemy knows how to hurt us the most and you better believe he starts working on us once he finds out what or who : ' ( it is " 
If They Say - Why , Why , Tell ' Em That Is Human Nature Why , Why , Does He Do Me That Way If They Say - Why , Why , Tell ' Em That Is Human Nature Why , Why , Does He Do Me That Way I Like Livin ' This Way I Like Lovin ' This Way 
have you ever had the feeling that no matter how hard you try to NOT be mad at someone the feeling doesnt go away ? well thats where im at right now ... feeling this is terrible ... i HATE it !!!!!!!!!.... and the situation . 
i am not the kind of person you can push around like your puppet on a string ... im a human being just like you , but you dont think that and for some reason you think just because your older your more mature but sometimes its what youve been through that makes you mature .... and ive been through a lot 
LIFE .... not just a game on a board that you can pass by in a yellow or red plastic car ... i wish , but wishes never come true 
ugh .... feel like just laying on the bed and reading a book ...... after i read my series im going to try to read the Twilight Saga .... if the book is half as good as the movies im all in :) 
has officially joined AF JROTC woot woot !!! 
There is a time to be angry And a time to let it go There is a time to run And a time to face it 
Don't they know it's the end of the world It ended when you said goodbye . This song is haunting now ..... R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > Murphy .... we miss you down here ! 
gonna watch a movie with my mom and aunt 
i feel like death ........ 
i dont want to leave my mama today but i guess i'll be back tomorrow ... watchin Fear Factor 
I feel like im about to die ! I hate feeling like this ! Note to self : dont get pregnant 
tuesday ... the end of my freedom ... Geometry , US History Honors ( i would change it but i need all the help i can get in geometry lol ) , Spanish 2 , and Chemistry ( in which i am glad cuz i FINALLY have a class with all my best friends from Nolachuckey :)) still screwed this semester tho 
having < PROPMALE > fun at jrotc !!!! 
going to st < PROPFIRST > tomorrow-thursday woot woot !!! 
i miss LF ... dont know why tho lol 
watched The Lovely Bones .... i cried .... thats rare ! GO SEE IT !!! 
going to the big wal mart with abbs today woot 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxWymcBSb4s US AIR FORCE ... AIR POWER !!!! 
People wonder who we are So we tell them We are the Air Force Mighty mighty Air Force Better than the Army Round-poundin Army Better than the Navy Deck swabbin Navy Better than the < PROPFEMALE > Corps Jar Head < PROPFEMALE > Corps Better than the Coast Guard Lazy lazy Coast Guard We are the Air Force Mighty mighty Air Force Rough Tough Air Force 
I miss waking up going to some hospital saying 23332 .... yup thats my name lol 
4 years ago today i was diagnosed with leukemia !!!! I MISS ST . JUDE ... well at least the people there lol 
messed up my face pretty badly and banged my knees up too . got a concussion . All @ school !!! yeah i am pretty screwed right now lol 
feels and looks like the following people : Hunchback of Notre Dame , The Elephant Man , the character who was in \Mask\ " .... ugh " 
money will not last long but TRUE friends will be there until the very end 
going to the greeneville JROTC lock-in going to have some fun ! WOOT WOOT !!!! 
When one door of happiness closes , another opens , but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us . < PROPFEMALE > Keller 
got promoted from Airman Basic to Airman and got my Longevity ribbon ! WOOT WOOT 
Thinking about going into the Navy .... I ABSOLUTELY LOVE TO TRAVEL !!!! 
\Would you take the place of this Man ? Would you take the nails from His hands ? \"" 
has rededicated to my Redeemer !!!!! 
missing someone ... missing a friend .... missing a sister in Christ .... missing my mentor ... missing my Relay for Life buddy ... missing my \Cancer Recovery Angel\ " .... sucks being me !!! " 
Wishing does nothing . Actually making that wish happen is the best feeling ever ... it is too bad that i am restrained from doing so ... miss my \CRA ... LF \"" 
Wishing does nothing . Actually making that wish happen is the besy feeling ever ... it is too bad that i am restrained from doing so ... miss my \CRA ... LMF \"" 
O praise Him , O praise Him , He is Holy , He is Holy !!! O how infinite and sweet is His Love . Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah !!! 
God has answered one of my prayers and the one that hits home !!! My sister and her bf got SAVED !!! I just want to shout it out to the world im so excited !!!!!! 
I love watching In Plain Sight . It's HILARIOUS ! Takes my mind off of reality and into a place where I'm laughing 24/7 ! 
I'm just about to give up on someone .... I miss the fun times and the memoies , but its not worth the pain . So I'm in the process of letting go . This is hurting me to go through it . I need prayers to go all the way 
really nervous about filling in for my flight commander ... i am planning on going over all the ranks in the military branches but that will only last so long :s 
5 books down 8 more to go 
i am loving these summer days !!! 
I know you , I love you , I gave my life to save you ! Love paid the price for mercy ! My verdict , Not Guilty ! Not guilty , Not guilty !!!!!! 
Need prayers for my family ... Satan is putting some tough turns on this rollercoaster . 
dogwood arts fest parade went VERY GOOD !!! it was ... in one word ... AMAZING !!! 
got my class ring today !!! CLASS OF 2012 !!!! 
Satan has been on me like wildfire this week ... im going to get right back in the ring and pound it out for the rest of the week . With Jesus in my corner how can I lose ? 
is BEYOND PISSED OFF at my ex brother in law and his stupid family !!!!!!! God help me i am bout to lose my salvation !!!!!!!!! 
i am bout to go play with my little nephew . HE IS SOOOO ADORABLE !!!!!!!!!!! 
Maddox called me Auntie < PROPFEMALE > ! He is so adorable when he says it lol 
I'm going to miss Stahl !!! Jedidiah Jones < PROPFIRST > Aiken and < PROPMALE > Smith take care of him lol dont beat him up too much lol . He's going to fit right in the Marines . I DIDNT EVEN GET TO SAY BYE lol 
You'll never know how strong you are ... until being strong is the only choice you have 
had to put all 162+ songs BACK on my IPOD ... stupid library 
goin to Dollywood with my bestie tomorrow ! gonna have lots of fun !!! 
got a necklace with Jamaican colors !!! I <3 Jamaica !!! My life is complete . And yes that was random lol 
everytime I see an elephant or something shaped like one , I think about St. < PROPFIRST > and the Target House . I MISS THEM !!!! I'm going back Thursday and then coming back to gville on Saturday . Can't wait to see my 2nd family !!!!!!!!! 
its funny how someone says one is a stalker and cuts them off , but then when one truly does stalk them they don't care and talks to them anyway . can someone explain this to me ? 
let me rephrase that : its funny how someone says one is a stalker ( who really isn't , just concerned ) and cuts them off , but then when one is TRULY a stalker the person doesnt care and talks to them anyway . now can someone explain THAT to me ? 
LIFE .... it's whatever . 
is addicted ... no ... ADDICTED to Sims 3 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is hearing creepy noises in this room ..... i've watched too many horror movies lol 
Goodbye Greeneville , helloooooo Memphis ! 
going up on the mountain to put some flowers on my daddy's grave . I LOVE AND MISS YOU DADDY ! cant you tell im a \daddy's girl\ " :) " 
got a fathers day card for daddy . gonna put it on his headstone sometime this week . 
has been watching movies all day for the last two days . I need to get out and shop , shop , shop till i drop ... then my life will be complete :) 
bout to turn all \Madea\ " on some people " 
going to bible study woot woot ! so excited ! read my bible for 4 hours last night lol 
God answers prayers on HIS timing . My prayer was answered on the most perfect day . I LOVE HIM , MY SAVIOR , MY ROCK , MY SHIELD , MY STRONG TOWER , MY DAD !!!!!!! 
POKE\ 
me if u everhad a crush on me . LIKE this status if u think im a \ 
good friend . INBOXme if u ever wanted a relationship with me . \ 
COMMNENT on this if we havehad good memories .... Now lets see who's \ 
brave enough to copy and pastethis on their status :) 
going to Relay for Life tomorrow !!!!! gonna have some fun with my fellow survivors ! woot woot !! Childhood Cancer Sucks .... We can make a difference ! Leukemia Sucks ... We can make a difference !! I LOVE MY GOD !!! 
my little Madd is here and more loving than usual to me .... IM SO HAPPY ! 
Maddox has lipstick ALL OVER HIM LOL 
Me : I burnt my tongue ! \ 
Abbi : On what ? \ 
Me : An almond . 
brought one of my drawings to life ..... only took me all night to paint it but it was worth it !!!! 
ugh ... bored ... movie night ... need it ... friends ... party ... titanic ... junk food ... sodas ... ABIGAIL JONES AND < PROPFEMALE > GRUBER SAVE ME FROM FACEBOOK AND HAVE A MOVIE NIGHT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I think I know what God wants me to do in life ... I'm like 97% sure lol 
going out to eat with mom and my aunt .... its always a good time when its a \girls day out\ " :D " 
has another idea for a painting .... going to go draw it now and hopefully paint before school starts up again ... who doesn't want to paint for God !! 
went swimming with my lil < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > Bunter lol . it was fun . taught my sis how to swim !!!! 
“In a world filled with hate , \ 
we must still dare to hope . In a world filled with anger , we must still \ 
dare to comfort . In a world filled with despair , we must still dare to \ 
dream . And in a world filled with distrust , we must still dare to \ 
believe . ” ----- Michael < PROPMALE > 
Phoenix Theater in Greeneville should die . Their organization is PATHETIC !!!!!!!! i felt like I was on the Titanic ! \Women and children only ! women and children only ! \ " seriously tho . i stood in line for 3 hours at the premiere only to be last ! HOW MESSED UP IS THAT ?!?!?! " 
going to grandmother's . hopefully go back to paint creek again . soooooo excited about sunday morning's choir selection . I'm gonna cry . WARNING FCOG : you WILL cry sunday morning 
had fun today with Maddox and < PROPFIRST > at Dollywood . They had sooooo much fun . and it was soooooo much fun watching them . I LOVE THEM VERY VERY VERY MUCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Never thought I'd say this this early before school but I'm actually missing JROTC :( . Hate PT , Love Uniform Day . It's a Love-Hate relationship i guess lol 
SPOONS !!!! I really really really need to play Spons ! USE CAUTION WHEN PLAYING WITH < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > TRANTHAM AND < PROPFIRST > FILLERS .... * or just bring an extra hand or two 
NEEDS to start packing ... but what do I pack that I'll have time for ?! O and did push ups in the pooL today ... if only I was that light during PT days lol 
woot woot !!! I am sooo ready ! < PROPMALE > HERE I COME !!! with my sunglasses ... and some more sunglasses .... and maybe just a little more ;) 
im home ! \\n 
i am OFFICIALLY at home . it is < PROPFEMALE > good to finally be with my lil sis ... i've been away from her TOOOO LONG !!!!!!!!!!! 
I will never look at a bag of Twizzlers the same again . THANKS < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!! 
An Aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister , and love like a friend . If you're an Aunt who loves her nephews and neices , post this as your status 
Amber : Quote Book !!!! 
hahaha\ 
Me : Liars go to Hell\ 
Lil Sis : Okay I ain't a lyin ' 
having laughter withdrawals 
cant wait for church tonight !!!!!!!! 
God is who I am wanting to please . He is the One I want to sing for . He is my Daddy . THE ULTIMATE DADDY !! 
If I believed in reincarnation I was a Ninja !!! I DO NOT DENY IT ! 
BUMMED TO THE EXTREME .... I was sooo ready to spend some time wit my two fav ppl 
Wonders why everyone focuses on people's negative side and not the person as a whole 
My lil sis is my pride and joy . I love her sooooo much !! 
got my school schedule and parking tag today . I just hope this yeat I will make a good score on my ACT :s and pass Geometry . There are going to be a lot of prayer going up to God this year from me lol 
has officially given up on trying to draw from a picture so now i'm on my own . Somehow i have to figure out what my draing should be with the message i want to send out . Guide me , Lord . 
had a dart gun war in the house with stepdad , bro , and lil sis . it was awesome lol 
I beg your pardon ... He never promised you a < PROPFEMALE > garden\ 
Along with the sunshine ... you got to feel a little rain sometime 
has had a BUSY weekend . I am absolutely DREADING Friday ! ugh ... 
going to choir tonight and I hope to get woke up by \crazy\ " ppl there . It's not even funny how tired I've been lately !! " 
Not just any child could walk this uphill road , These children walk it everyday , Carrying a load . Showing us what it is to fight a fight you can't teach . They are The Chosen Ones , God knew it from the start , He picked each child by measuring their heart . The ones that measured biggest , would someday face a test . He's using them to move out hearts closer to His own , teaching us to trust His plan , and fear not the unknown . 
On a bus to the big votech ... ugh\\nProudJesusFreak <3 
please keep my family in your prayers ... my greataunt died :'( 
Loves my hilarious choir aunt < PROPFEMALE > !!! lol .... good choir practice 
going to the fair tonight , english paper over the weekend , I think some Spanish too , and then back to being bored as a teenager can get ... ugh 
jrotc is going good . i'm flight sergeant again ... at least for now . i'm sooo scatter brained from the summer and can barely remember the commands lol that is pathetic ... absolutely 
eating astronaut ice cream ... so far the only person who likes it in my family besides me is my cousin . HEY it tastes good cant help it ... curse you Mr. D for getting me hooked !!!!! 
I'll be there someday\ 
I can go the distance\ 
I will find my way\ 
If I can be strong\ 
I know ev'ry mile\ 
Will be worth my while\ 
When I go the distance\ 
I'll be right where I belong 
I'm on your side \ 
When times get rough \ 
And friends just can't be found \ 
Like a bridge over troubled water \ 
I will lay me down 
i got promoted in JROTC to Staff Sergeant ! woohoo ! learned that i stink at commanding ppl to march lol 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ... it was an awesome day ... today is my parrrrrtay gonna have some fun .... tomorrow its \YAY get your license and dont have to depend on anyone to get me somewhere day\ " lol " 
wish me luck going to take my driver's test in 25 minutes . ONE OF MY FELLOW EX CADETS HAS BEEN TRANSFORMED INTO A < PROPFEMALE > TODAY !!!!!!! Woot !!!! 
I PASSED my drivers lic . test woot woot ! time for the mall < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Jones ... at some point in time lol 
had a pretty awesome day ... gonna see bout going to the mall and out to eat next weekend with my people\\n*Junior ;P * 
At what point are we good enought ? When are we self-improved enough to accept ourselves ? 
why do the things that we need to do to survive in this world push the things that matter the most to us ( friends and family ) out of our schedule ? Why wait till your last breath you breathe to say or do the things you've always wanted to ? Time and money is not an excuse . 
If you want to love people , never judge them . 
what kind of jerk blows bubbles and pays more attention to his bubbles rather than listening to his student say that one of his family members died from cancer , but keeps on blowing bubbles like that person never said anything . it really ticked me off seeing as i was in the room and had cancer . it seemed to me he didn't give a rip how his student or i felt !!!!!!!! 
this day is a bummer ... weekend sucks at this point 
high school years ... the years to < PROPFEMALE > out with ur friends ... whoever said that was obviously in a dream world 
felt like i got ran over by a truck this morning ... this afternoon COMPLETE opposite ... hyper to the < PROPMALE > ... Abbi should've took me to the loony bin lol 
stuck on < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s new song Teenage Dream ... get out of my head !!!! 
movies , < PROPFEMALE > house .... consisting of my mom , her high school friend , her daughter , and the most amazing person in this line-up ME ..... ugh i am so full of myself its not even funny lol 
\well that's not depressing .... like half those words are depressing !!! \"- me having a fight in my head " 
about to work on another painting ... excited !!! 
( In annoying French artisan accent ) i am done with ze painting ... de missez < PROPFEMALE > will not be doing another one until she gets an inspiration 
has my big sis , her husband , and my lil nephew for the weekend ... already gettin lovins from my lil cutie maddox 
wants to go to wal mart and get some blank cds ..... movie with abbi tonight 
just got tackled by my two favorite kids in the world ... maddox called me his best friend and hugged me ... he is such a cutie !!!! 
me : you going to let her in\ 
maddox : yes , sir , cap'n ( gives me a salute)\ 
me : hahahahaha 
my phrase for the day : Cool Beans 
not having homework is great but it makes a sunday feel empty cuz this is my \homework day\ " lol " 
CALLING ALL MY PEEPS !!!! : I need an idea for my next painting .... 1 canvas left ... its very sad that it hasn't got paint on it lol .... any ideas hit me with a comment . that sounded ghetto but there it is 
i am about to go to google images for the next painting ..... this is going to be interesting 
had a great day ... went to mcdonalds with my nephew and lil sis ; went to thrift stores and wal mart with lil sis and abbi ; nephew went to his dad's ( sad face ) i miss the lil goofball 
first day back to school tomorrow from a long weekend and guess what i have to do .... flipping PT .... my life sucks as i know it 
PT over .... on to english and spanish . That is an interesting combination if i do say so myself 
well spanish homework .... not bad just got to finish my notes 
so i am really bored ... i have no life ... sad face 
“In a world filled with hate , we must still dare to hope . In a world filled with anger , we must stilldare to comfort . In a world filled with despair , we must still dare todream . And in a world filled with distrust , we must still dare tobelieve . ” ----- Michael < PROPMALE > 
Me : An almond 
Today is dedicated for all those who died on flight 93 and in the world trade center ... and the men and women who died trying to help 
I dont want no part in dirty jokes at the lunch . no more usher cuz all he tlks about is sex . Im not afraid 2 tell u what i am . im a CHRISTIAN . not of this world 
TAKE A HINT : DO NOT LIKE usher and that kind of music !!!! I DO NOT TAKE PART in dirty jokes and the such 
going to St. < PROPFIRST > next week !!!!! SOOOOO EXCITED ! why ? i get to have anesthesia !!!!! its christmas in a needle lol 
neck is majorly killing me ... headache too . hope i get better before next week that would kill my week ... that is def not cool beans . sad face 
stuck babysitting my lil sister .... this should be interesting ... 
bummed ... i might not get my christmas in a needle if i cant breathe out of this nose of mine .... so i totally prayed to God that he would take it away lol . i am pretty sure He is going to make me worry till Wednesday if I get to or not . 
has hw ... reading for AFJROTC . i need something for the plane ride . not going to the game tonight , instead going to the movies with my madre lol 
tomorrow is the day woot ! going to be stuck at an airport for God knows how long ... fun 
about to leave ... so a quick good bye ... i will update my status on my schedule ... bye love ya mean !!!! 
now in good ol ' Memphis 
MRI , X rays , CAT scan , Triage , Photography , Audiology , Social Work , ugh .... kill ... me ... now\\n 
so i totally almost passed out after giving 14 viles of blood ... not exaggerating either 
so i think this red and black fish they have here is a schitzofranic . he swims fast to one side of the < PROPFEMALE > and hides and then the other LOL 
My knees do NOT like MRIs ... just got done with my day 
Today is the day I get my Christmas in a needle !! at exactly 11 am and 12 greeneville time i will be in heaven ! God bless the anesthesiologists !!! 
my day is done ... tomorrow is my last full day . i go home friday morning . good news : i will still be coming back to st < PROPFIRST > for 6 more years WOOT WOOT !!!!! 
finally going to read Dear < PROPFIRST > 
\It is hard to swallow the pill that you have cancer and accept it . \"" 
Pulmonary , B Clinic , Physical Therapy , B Clinic , Neurology , and Echo/EKG . Won't be done till 2:45 ... shortest day and my last ... sad face 
4 years ago today i was on the 4th floor at St Jude ... inside of my mouth bleeding and tearing apart ... nose bleeding ... hurting to the point of no return 
Ok my back is hurting from the needle They stucked me with for the aspirate so i'm walking like a zombie lol 
Going to come back in June for an appointment . I have decided to drive to memphis then . \\n <3 Only The Strong Survive 
\What does it mean to truly love another ? \"--- excerpt from Dear < PROPFIRST > " 
So i am crying after reading Dear John ... so i am definitely going to read a comedy next time ... geez that was a freakin sad book !!! : '''' ( 
Comin home ... barely movable sore arm and all 
Home ! Home at last ! Thank God I'm home at last ! ;) 
ok so this weekend i am debating on whether to go to < PROPMALE > city or not .... ugh ... decisions decisions lol 
okay im going to < PROPMALE > tomorrow ... dont know exactly what i am going to do but o well anything is better than being stuck in a house after that's all i've done this past week 
Wounded people who have been suffering and sickness ask for only one thing : a heart that loves and commits itself to them , a heart full of hope for them . 
day was ok ... not the best ... bummed a bit tho ... tomorrow will be the same ol ' same ol ' ... ugh 
nothing special today sadly 
he makes me happy ... no doubt about it :) <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Curtis : You don't scare me < PROPFIRST > . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Tyree : Well you scare me\ 
------- Dear < PROPFIRST > 
feels like getting my favorite teacher a sweet tea tomorrow .... zacchea :) 
So my vein blew in my hand and now i have a bruise ... or its blood just floating in my hand lol 
Spanish homework is KILLING me . i NEVER want to miss a week in there again !! 
so Spanish is really getting on my nerves ..... 
This is a Whiskey Tango Foxtrot situation 
so i definitely scared the crap out of my mom .... because i was late getting home ... if you ask me thats pretty much ridiculous 
I loves u Breshay < PROPFEMALE > Helton ! Be praying for u ! \\n 
seeing my nephew tonight .... my lil cutie !!!!! 
first thing ... \Auntie Amber !!!! \"" 
going to < PROPMALE > tomorrow .... bored out of my flipping mind in this town ... and my house ... 99.9% going to be boring in < PROPMALE > all by my lonesome 
...... cool beans ...... 
should i go to < PROPMALE > today or not ? 
Fireside tonight !!! Excited ! my lil cutie is leavin at 4 30 ... sad face 
today was great . had some razzles form Rue 21 at the commons with like three classes . saw a drama show in the commons parking lot which was HILARIOUS !!! ahhh this monday couldnt get any better lol except maybe to talk to Rash 
I'm missing you so much Can't help it , I'm in love A day without you is like a year without rain I need you by my side Don't know how I'll survive A day without you is like a year without rain 
< PROPFIRST>'s party is tonight .... cant believe she is going to be 5 Thursday !!!! she is growing up too fast , but she'll always be my Lil lovebug 
party was great ... had a great time with Kaitey < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Milligan ... good times good times 
A single < PROPFEMALE > can be my garden ... a single friend , my world . ----- Leo Buscaglia 
totally bombed my spanish test :( ok so totally thought cuaderno stood for 15 minutes but obviously it is notebook .... i knew i studied that < PROPFEMALE > too much ugh .... 
i want to do something but i dont know what .... 
Truth is like the sun . You can shut it out for a time , but it ain't goin ' away . ----- Elvis Presley 
so i am convinced that the AFJROTC concrete hates me ... every time i attempt to play a sport i end up skinning one or both my knees . today was just one knee lol . Powder Puff game and Homecoming dance tonight !! WOOT WOOT !!! 
so when i said i skinned my knee ... i lied . i skinned AND like double bruised one knee and then my other knee is bruised . well there goes my chances of not having knee replacement 
tomorrow -- nothing . saturday -- nothing . sunday -- church and nothing . monday -- nothing . Didn't really get to talk to Rash :( 
knees ... hip ... im old :( 
someone please explain to me why my arms are sore if i didn't do anything with them ?! 
going to the homecoming game tonight 
went to the band < PROPFIRST > thing today with bethany ... i am now The Band < PROPFIRST > fan lol ... I STILL LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > lol 
pissed off so much that i could cry 
this sunday was jacked up to the extreme 
love listening to 90s music that i used to listen to while on my way to school ... good times good times 
not looking forward to tomorrow AT ALL ... hate pt ! 
got a new phone ... now i can actually see my texts lol 
I got two words for ya ... B ) beans 
missing talking to someone :( 
Watched Scream tonight . Cried when < PROPFEMALE > McGowan died . I kid you not . 
Going to the game tonight . Party tomorrow night maybe . Sunday church . Monday school . Boring :( 
not going to the game tonight or the party ... ppl are too busy o well 
feeling that this is going to be an interesting weekend .... 
Hope this 360 wash works . I'm getting tired of my stupid breakouts >:-( 
Just realized that Disney is supplying all the sluts ! 
Watched Charmed episodes and charged the IPod ... my kind of therapy 
Cappucino with cool whip melting on top ... my heaven on earth 
‘Cause baby you’re a\ 
Firework\ 
Come on show ‘em\ 
What you’re worth\ 
Make ‘em go\ 
Ah ! Ah ! Ah ! \ 
As you shoot across the\ 
Sky \ 
Baby you’re a \ 
Come on let your\ 
Colors burst 
2nd period ... THE most hated class this semester . I swear the teacher is Satan's spawn . I kid you not . 
Just so everyone knows i meant 3rd period . Rotc feels like 1 whole period so i said 2nd . Point is i meant 3rd 
On my way back from knoxville . Been a long day 
looked at pics of my daddy and me . i miss him . dont take ur dads for granted . mine will never walk me down the aisle . i'll never have a father-daughter dance 
Jellybean ... :) ... my daddy always called me that 
So i totally wore purple today for the LGBT community i love you all !!! 
Going to go up to my daddy's grave today after school . We haven't talked in awhile . We need to catch up :) 
At daddy's grave 
i am sooooo hyper .... watch out trail mappers its going to be an interesting night :) 
spanish and english test tomorrow ... does anyone see the irony in that ? 
Sittin here with my man 
home for the next 1 or 2 hours ... 
Going to watch Paranormal Activity 2 tonight 
going to a rally tonight ... dont know how fun it will be without any friends with me .. 
Relationships should be addressed at rotc . You guys are go high school ! GROW UP CADETS !!! 
tomorrow is PT day ... woot ... not ... 
So should i dress up as < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? 
I miss my sis ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > White get your goofy butt in Tennessee !!! 
so i love < PROPFIRST > McDaniel ... he is an amazing boyfriend ... thinks of my happiness all the time . I LOVES YOU BABE !!!!! 
gots to wear my Class A's tomorrow ... gonna have to wake up earlier so i am definitely going to be in a daze tomorrow morning 
ok so i need a spoonful of cinnamon ... i'm am going to try and eat it without coughing it everywhere . < PROPFEMALE > says it's impossible so i am going to try it and prove the theory wrong . just need some cinnamon lol 
I downed the spoonful me cinnamon . Then i coughed and it went everywhere . I was tryin to get it out me my throat for 30 minutes . Everyone was laughing 
i had a girls/guy night with my buddies ... very interesting conversation if i do say so myself . finally tried the Midnight Truffle and it was AMAZING to say the least . went to wal mart with abbi and looked for a nun costume ... settled for tights lol 
def getting tired of people in spanish calling me out if i get ONE stupid quiestion wrong ... sorry i cant work under pressure ... i am very pissed at this moment ... going to take my lil sis trick or treating so if you see snow white and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > its her and me :) 
Random song of the day : A Spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go downThe medicine go down-wownThe medicine go down Just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go downIn a most delightful way 
< PROPMALE > anyone ? 
Think its pretty funny i got on to my sister for speeding but now i'm doing it ... i am my sister's driver lol 
let the record show i get high off of gummi bears $P 
this is a very sad day for my family and i so please keep us in your prayers ... : '' ( 
going to florida tomorrow ... not going to be the same again 
florida today ... going to be a long ride .... i miss him already ... LOVE YOU PAPA < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!! 
in florida ... kinda tired 
Day 2 i get to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > today ! Sad thing is i don't know if i will ever see her again now 
Please pray for my \sis\ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ... she has had breast cancer and doctors dont like her blood level . I dont know what id do w/o her . She is one in a million !! " 
Day 3 have no idea what i'm doing today . Not the same walking in the house . 
This whole process can just die ... no pun intended ... maybe going home tomorrow 
Got to talk to < PROPFIRST > Fillers ... made my day better 
At my cousin's wedding ... very beautiful bride 
at < PROPFIRST>'s party 
home at last 
i get to see my nephew today !! i can just here him now ... \Auntie Amber !!!!! \ " lol i love him " 
today is going to be interesting 
random song of the day : I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts\ 
There they are standing in a row\ 
Small ones , big ones , some as big as your head 
sooooooooo PISSED OFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you know who u are and you can just stick it where the sun dont freaking shine !!! 
Sick and tired of ppl 
im so sorry ppl at my church are stunned to hear me like this ... well stuff happens and you guys need to get over it . i really dont care right now . i really dont need it . 
needs to take a ride around .... need a nerve pill really ... ugh feel like crap for dumping my problems on other ppl :s 
dread my spanish homework ... he still hasn't given it to me ... ugh ... lazy teachers get on my nerves 
Got color guard practice at ROTC today . In the Veteran's Day program at school tomorrow 
so my hands were sore after practice today . good church night ... going to DQ tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > and Abbi .... BESTIES NIGHT !!!!!!!!!! 
So just found out they sell beef tongue ( yes am actual cow's tongue ) at wal mart ... grody ! 
ROTC Veteran's Day program < PROPFEMALE > dig went well ... felt good saluting our men and women ... soon as i saw a < PROPFEMALE > i thought of Jedidiah Jones :) 
isnt it funny how in elementary my friends were so worried when i had cancer ... now my friends are friends with other friends and they forget that i was their friend ... funny how high school changes friendships ... not hatin just sayin lol 
Lock in sucks . Knew i should've kept my butt at home ... ugh . Stuck till 7 am . 
Just finished watching Dirty Dancing . 3 more hours and I'm free lol 
It's been a LONG day ... getting bugged about playin ds with my lil sis ... o the joys of having a lil sis 
sensing a crappy day tomorrow 
My prediction ... wrong . Still tired . 
Today's weather is rainy with a < PROPMALE > of getting chewed out . I'm so majorly screwed ... no pun intended . 
Don't you just hate long days 
been an ok day ... uniform day tomorrow ... uncomfortableness all day at school tomorrow 
loves my LL < PROPFIRST > !!! :) 
Eating strawberry marshmellows with reddi whip while doing spanish homework . This is the life lol 
Regreting eating marshmellows and reddi whip ... need real food 
Watched We Were Soldiers ... so far so good . 
2 research papers and a spanish script ... so glad there is a game tonight where i can relax a little ... 
2 reasons to go to a South Greene basketball game ... food and Ansley Ricker 
PT bothered my knees today . Tried to shake it off 
weekend is going to suck big time ... ugh ... someone save me !! 
definitely cried while watching Pocahontas ... I MISS MY CHILDHOOD lol 
finished Spanish and got done with some English .... now onto research paper for ROTC ... this should be interesting . 
so i definitely felt like i was in nursing school today lol ... researching leukemia ... so i totally didn't know there were 4 < PROPMALE > types of leukemia . i had AML !!! worst kind but still WOOT WOOT lol 
miss my nephew ... 
sick and tired of people judging me ... if i wouldn't have had cancer no one would pay attention to me ... so now i every single word i say is being magnified by 100 . some ppl at my church are hypocrites . no wonder nobody wants to go to church ... they dont want the \christians\ " judging them " 
happy thanksgiving love you 
may go shopping tomorrow ... need to start working on my research paper . 
going shopping with my cousin and aunt tomorrow ... in < PROPMALE > city ... this is going to be wild ... love you all and hope you are having a great thanksgiving !!!! 
so im getting really ticked off at my sideways mirror ( because i had a wreck ) ugh cant do < PROPFIRST > with it lol 
needs to work on a research paper ... going to suck 
whoever inviented the term \research paper\ " was obviously on acid " 
got to go to < PROPMALE > city tomorrow ... this should be fun .... I'M ALL ALONE ... NO ONE HERE BESIDE ME :( 
i know i get ripped off by friends for money but i let them have it anyway without paying back ... im a giver what can i say . Christmas is my time to not get told to get my money back . i love my friends ... fake and true ... i dont care 
going tomorrow to clean my daddy's tombstone .... December 4th will be 9 years ... I LOVE AND MISS YOU DADDY !!!! 
Going to clean daddy's tombstone and go christmas shopping today . 
went christmas shopping ... got half done ... cleaned dad's tombstone today . looks a lot better 
friday : knoxville parade ... saturday : dad's death anniversary ... sunday : gville parade and TLW 
has the perfect surprise gift going to build it up ... u will never guess ;D 
friday = kville parade , saturday=dad's death anniversary ( 9 yrs ) , sunday = TLW and gville parade , monday = memorial service ....... BUSY BUSY BUSY .... still need to do another research paper 
so i am havng to redo my 4-page research paper ... i didn't put my sources IN the text ... obviously i was supposed to be doing that the whole time ... pretty much junked up if i do say so myself ... i will be soooo glad when i am done with english for good 
let the record show that < PROPFEMALE > and me CANNOT do the whole \hush hush\ " library thing lol ... laughed for 5 minutes over the littlest things . researching can be fun with funny friends lol ... or high friends lol ... like me lol " 
so i totally just jacked up my paper and now i am really going to have to sit down and figure out where the heck i got all this , how i am going to fix it , rewrite it correctly , and then print it . all this , bible study , two parades , community service ( for college , mind you ) , True Love Waits Skit and worrying how long it will take me to get my hair fixed just right for that ... I AM SOOOO SCREWED !! 
love how i throw caution to the wind lol ;) Abbi can vouch for me lol 
On my way to the kville parade . Its going to be interesting to say the least 
Feels good getting thank yous going by 
9 years ago today my dad died i woke up to crying and a little girl died inside and faded away 
commencing \Operation : Freeze My A Off\ " in 20 minutes .... wish my butt good luck " 
Operation .... complete . 
done with both papers ... my lil nephew is here . i acted like a goof for him and he goes \You crazy Auntie Amber\ " lol HOW CUTE IS THAT ?!?!?! " 
How I wish we could go back in time \ 
Do you ever think back on old memories like that \ 
Or do I ever cross your mind 
And I wonder if I ever cross your mind . \ 
For me it happens all the time . \ 
It's a quarter after one , I'm a little drunk , \ 
And I need you now . 
this is not fun to be stuck inside when school is out ... WTF ?!?!? 
i have wax on my fingers ... and it won't come off !!!! ugh so frustrating 
well if i must i must .... number game ... hit me with your best shot 
#5710 you are the bread to my butter ... the ice to my tea ... the usher to my < PROPFEMALE > perry ... the < PROPFEMALE > to my < PROPFIRST > . girl i love you very much and i dont know what i would do without you truly . thanks for being there . TE AMO !!!! 
366 -- where have you been all my life ?!?! i miss you soooo much and we are going to have to get together sometime cuz i am going through withdraws lol ... it was def good seeing you last wednesday night .... made my night :) 
church tonight ... school is getting to be ridiculous 
I cant stop my feet from dancin to the sound of his drum \ 
oh no I fell in love with my rock god \ 
I cant keep my hips from swayin to his sweet < PROPFEMALE > \ 
you see I fell in love my rock rock god 
you know to some this should be a happy time ... gettin out and everything but next semester i will have NO life ... absolutely NONE to speak of . bs if you ask me . 
no homework today ... watching my lil sis till my cousin gets here lol and then lord knows what will happen lol 
high schoolers are getting ridiculous with drama . who your parents date is their business not yours ... get over it . dont put crap about them on facebook cuz you know someone is going to stick up for them and kick your butts if do . you guys are 16 ... GROW UP !!! act like your about to graduate high school instead of preschool ! 
so i totally almost flipped out of my computer chair ... scared the daylights out of me ... had a hyper and filled-with-laughter day with my cousin Madi 
you know whats bad ? you reeeeeally have to go pee but your leg is asleep lol 
good night all ..... i miss my big sis :( 
Just got done layin wreaths on the veterans ' graves 
got spanish over the weekend ... glad i didn't miss a test tho lol that woulda been bad lol . bored at this point tho 
realize this : you could be the light in someone's heart ... their hope that it's going to be ok ... their reason not to cut or kill themselves ... realize that you are a light in the midst of the darkness ... you can always tell who is someone's light ... dont take it away from them 
You can count on me like 1 2 3\ 
I'll be there\ 
And I know when I need it I can count on you like 4 3 2\ 
You'll be there\ 
Cause that's what friends are supposed to do , oh yeah 
im a little pissed at the moment .... but somehow being with maddox makes it better ... just a little tho . 
seriously need to get cracking on my spanish but dont feel like it 
really hungry ... lol 
hope we still have church tonight ... i likes my homebodies lol .. and of course the food 
im the girl who can watch tons of horror movies and not get scared , but scream at the top of my lungs when toasts pops out of the toaster 
feels good not to go to school on a monday ... 
so i really wanted to watch The Women starring my homegirl < PROPFEMALE > Pinkett Smith and imagine the distraught when i find out its not in its case .... such a tragedy SUCH A TRAGEDY !!!! 
O MY GOD !! STOP WITH THE FREAKIN MESSAGES !!!!! IT IS PISSING ME OFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
because of the overflowing messages i am going to crawl into a feedle position and think about my midnight truffle .... i want to get chocolate wasted ... that is my thought of the day 
almost done Chrismas shopping ... friends are taken care of now it is on for my family .... 
operation DQ today was cancelled .... operation GO TO THE MOVIES went great ! The Tourist was absolutely cool beans lol and threw me through a loop at the end ... sat at the end of the movie for about two minutes with my mouth open lol 
ok mix a gift , a card , and a letter from the heart ... and you have a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Fields Special ... I LOVE CHRISTMAS 
going to church tonight and then to wal mart 
needs to get done with Chirstmas cards before Monday comes 
cant wait for monday night ... gonna have fun at the youth party as always lol 
I MADE A PENGUIN IN CHAT !!!!!! how cool beans is that ?!?!?! 
gonna make my strawberries dipped in chocolate icing dipped in sprinkles and colored sugars lol yummy !!! 
going to get to see my lil nephew and talk to my future niece or nephew tomorrow ! im so excited !!! cant wait for July 4th !!! 
My idea of a wonderful Christmas : spending time with friends ( who owe me ice cream time lol ) and family ( who i love dearly ) and u can take that to the north pole :) 
has a headache the size of Texas ... need some advil lol 
Maddox is sooo funny ... this time he hugged me first lol 
going to have a fun time with my bestie < PROPFEMALE > going to go to the Youth Christmas Party and drive to the big Food City and get a couple of things .... 
got to go now and start running around and i am probably going to cut it close lol 
had fun at the party and in the car riding with < PROPFEMALE > 
wish i had cancer again ... that way i wouldnt be in my sis's life .. maybe then she'd be happy 
my back is KILLING me !!!!!!!!!! i kid you not 
Dear God , if you wish to take away the pain that is in my back that would be quite fine with me ... but if not i will just go right on and die and will see you in about 5 minutes 
i am the following things : chocolate wasted , uncontrollable pain in the back , has no clue why i am iming ppl and sayin that i am these things lol , and having laugh attacks out the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
so i've calmed down some lol and my back isnt hurting as much THANK ... YOU ... GOD lol so i'm thinking about going to my room and just lay there lol 
yeah im 16 , yeah i am still in high school , no i dont have all the answers , but i can still listen and try to hold ur head up , so here is a ?. Why cant i help people who are 1 year older than me or even 5 years older ? can u see through me and absolutely KNOW that i cant help in some way ? 
gay baby gay baby gay baby gay baby gay baby gay baby gay baby straight ! 
just wreslted my cousin for the mouse to the computer so i could add something to her status lol 
going to do some errands around greenevill see ya laters 
the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > chick on here is a 12 year old girl so dont believe a word 
feels like things might not work out the way i hoped :s 
ok so i have no clue what they are teachers kids these days ... my 12 year old cousin was chatting on fb and the girl says \25 type to au\ " now i knew what au meant < PROPFIRST > but Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is 25 type lol " 
now i know im bored ... im playing with my chat boxes lol 
is having fun bugging this one friend on here in chat lol .... im so screwed up lol 
a lil mad now that i think about it ... and dont know if care about it anymore 
I HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU !!! WHY DO I LOVE YOU !!!!! I HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU !!!! WHY DO I CARE ABOUT YOU !!!!!!!! YOU HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT ME !!!!!!!! WHY DO YOU LOVE ME !!!!! YOU HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT ME !!!!!! WHY DO YOU CARE ABOUT ME !!!!!!!! 
opened a christmas present early and it was a Charmed season woot i love me some < PROPFEMALE > McGowan and < PROPFEMALE > Milano lol 
having a wonderful Christmas with my family and so glad that in 7 months i am going to meet my lil niece or nephew and this time I WILL be at the hospital :) 
is very entertained watching my big sis play Call of Duty ... hint : she cant shoot lol 
about to go watch some Charmed .... def got 4 or 5 seasons for Christmas so i'm enjoying the laughter VERY much 
had had a very boring day .... snow needs to melt and die :) 
off to watch some Charmed 
reminiscing with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > about backstage happenings from the Easter drama ... hahaha good times good times 
DREADING next week :s 
had so much fun chalking ppl's cars lol i love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Trantham , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Fillers , < PROPFEMALE > Gruber , < PROPFIRST > Cooke , and technically < PROPFEMALE > Love lol hope you guys enjoy your new paint job lol ... and the rest of my friends/college agers lol i didnt do your cars because i didnt know where you guys lived lol or your cars were in the garage * cough cough * < PROPFEMALE > Lively 
watchin grey's and didnt know that demi lovato was going to guest < PROPFEMALE > in it lol 
bummed because i didn't get to go antiqueing ........ this day just keeps getting better and better ... sarcasm can make a bad day SEEM good ..... ugh 
a little annoyed with one of my \friends \"" 
watched Charmed all last night ... being sick and sleeping all day has messed up my sleeping schedule now how i am going to train myself to go to sleep tonight so i can be at least half ok with having THE WORST ( and busiest ) schedule at South Greene this semester ... i kid you not 
after not being allowed to not wear nail polish in JROTC i am FREE at last !!! i broke out the nail polish bottles and put some black on .... ahh i love my nail polish 
kill ... me ... now 
i would like to take time and tell my FB friends that i am royally screwed this semester and has no < PROPMALE > in surviving and if i do it will be within an inch of my life ... 
have to do an outline i'll prob take 15 mins a night or a section each night .... how do it how do it . I cant wait till the weekend ... 
now im hurt and sad ... i love u 
is hurting inside , outside i will put on a smile for you and say i'm fine but it wont be . now i dont have a big sister to make me laugh like she always did . its my fault ... i know i dont keep my mouth shut when i should , this time was too far i guess ... FML ... :'( 
going to go to the movies with my lovely ladies < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Jones and < PROPFIRST > Fillers ... cant wait !!! 
had a wonderful time with my two buddies lol ... tomorrow i have no clue what i am going to do ... ugh i wish i could have SOMETHING to do ... ANYTHING lol sucks 
a friend , a sister , school , how many more things can go wrong in my life ... just sucks really :/ 
If i'm crying over you then you must be pretty special to me because i don't cry over just anyone or anything . if you \hang out\ " with me and barely speak to me or you are a relative who doesnt want me in their life then yes i'm crying over you " 
so i am going to go hibernate in my room ... again ... watch some more Charmed ... 
so the one Charmed episode i would really like to watch the DVD wants to mess up on me .... isnt that a bi 
The Show must go on \ 
The Show must go on\ 
Inside my heart is breaking , \ 
My make-up may be flaking , \ 
But my smile , still , stays on 
so for my next painting project i may paint some of my friends ... all depending on whether i think i can paint this one picture ... so just so you know i may be painting your face on a beautiful blank canvas :) 
i messed up ... its my fault i know , but arent siblings supposed to be close ... especially sisters ? big sister is someone u love no matter what and i obviously messed up but even if i did say i was sorry it would not be accepted ... so all i can do now is say i love you , even tho you wont read this , i always have and always will 
ok so i knew i should have brought my american history book with me ... i could have been done with my outline :( snow ... i love you but GO AWAY . I still want a spring break !!!!! 
o gotta love grey's ... \with every fresh banana use a fresh condom . \"" 
its another snow day and i want to paint and i cant because i need white paint which in turn makes me bored as heck which makes me hibernate in my room which makes me sad which makes me dwell on other things which makes me go crazy .... its a chain reaction ...... 
i am stuck here with logan ... without any warning my homebodies leave ... WTF ... i am a slave to a 5 year old right now .... 
today has been ... slow ... hate it when the roads are like this ... cant do anything 
going to go ahead and work on a sketch for my next painting lol 
friends collage ... engaging in 5 .. 4 .. 3 .. 2 .. i need a pencil and paper lol 
some ppl are so immature .. O MY FREAKING GOSH what kind of person does this crap !!!!! i am done ... u are NOT worth my time or care !!!! SCREW YOU !!!!!!!!!! 
you are fake . you acted like you cared about me . why didnt yo just tell the truth ... now i wont be able to trust anyone full-heartedly anymore . you took my dreams and smashed them on the grond in front of me . what was i thinking that you were different . HA ! i was a fool to believe 
finally got white paint so gonna start painting prob saturday :) 
anyone want to give me an idead for my next painting ? Ideas plz !!! 
lousy day 
i got out and drove around , cleared my head and realized ... I DONT NEED YOU !!!!! now anyone else want something to get off their chest something about me ? go ahead cuz i already ended 1 chapter my life i can end a few others if it helps me get to my REAL FRIENDS . 2011 friends : i wont be trusting you as easily as i did before .... courtesy of ... well ... i'll let you guess lol 
cant wait to go to school tomorrow and get out of this house 
should or should i not go to church tonight ....? 
need to get crakcin on my book review of The Jungle ... 414 pages here i come ... tomorrow . o US history honors is going to kick my butt this semester ... dislike it so much . cant wait for senior year where i can have some room to breathe a little 
so i just woke up from my nap and now its time to do homework lol not much really just an \essay\ " for spanish and us history outline .... o and study for geometry quiz ... school what a world " 
US history will be the death of me :( 
so today is not going well ... left my geometry book in my locker and now my printer is being lazy and wont print a pic for spanish !!! UGH 
well i have an amazing feeling that i will get a bad grade on my chemistry exam tomorrow ... studying is not my thing and im having to do a lot of it this week . this is one stressful year 
slept in chemistry today lol 
someone stole my drama schedule lol ... in church ... NOT COOL lol 
i overslept today ... thats crap ... got to go to St. < PROPFIRST > in < PROPMALE > City today 
need to study for a us history test that i need to make up ... maybe i should try and find my geometry packets from last year lol and figure out how to do this 
Get that bodies rockin from side to side ( side to side)\ 
Thank God the week is done\ 
I feel like a zombie gone back to life ( back to life)\ 
Hands up , and suddenly we all got our hands up 
well im going to work on my painting now ... i will post it when it is done ... along with my other paintings i have done in the past 
i have uploaded my paintings so whallah ! only 4 but some i have given away ... gave the < PROPFEMALE > kidman portrait to < PROPFEMALE > kidman lol go figure 
how is a girl who is going to college get community service if you have to be dang 18 to even volunteer for anything ?!?!?! \HELLO EARTH'S A-CALLIN !!!! \ " ( in the words of coach < PROPFIRST > lol ) " 
in the process of working on my summary for spanish , watching a movie and do a 3-page paper , and finish up my geometry ... all three i dislike .... VERY MUCH . 
done done and not done ... not writing the 2 < PROPFEMALE > paper yet .... not due till the 11th so i got some time :) 
spanish is done thank you lord ... history test tomorrow ... going to get an 80 at the most .. ugh 
Rootin for < PROPFIRST > on The Bad Girls Club ... and STRONGLY dislike < PROPFEMALE > on < PROPFEMALE>'s World 
got home from school at 11 and slept till 5 .... i think i just wasted my half a day :/ 
just found out from the wonderful < PROPFEMALE > Owens Dixon that Nolachuckey is having a homecoming game tomorrow .... i miss Nolachuckey so im going lol 
i am SO SICK of this crap ... if a person wants to drop it then that is a hint to DROP IT . i would be HAPPY to drop it and it was never anyone's business so if u THINK u grew up well sorry hon u didnt so before u start accusing some1 look at urself 
going to Fatz with my sis , brother-in-law , and mom ... going to the Nolachuckey game tonight .... 1st one since 4th grade LOL im old 
so i love how none of the nolachuckey teachers recognized me lol ... except the lovely < PROPFEMALE > shuffler :) Nolachuckey girls did great ... proud of ya !!! 
party tonight then the movies then its whatever ... miss gettin with friends .... hate busy semesters :/ 
so i think i am going towards the field of vetinary technician :) 
well lets see how this saturday goes 
The winner takes it all\ 
The loser has to fall\ 
It's simple and it's plain\ 
Why should I complain . 
so i love how < PROPMALE > a overhead screen doesnt phase him from drawing a line to one formula to the other formula on the other side of the board ... no siree < PROPMALE > he goes BEHIND it and is still going LOL funny 
going to the drama singer practice tonight woot woot with < PROPFEMALE > woot woot and study with her for chemistry and spanish ..... woot 
friday = fun all night 
going to leave soon ... tired and a lil nauseous 
not the best day .... 
i am going to try an ATTEMPT to read The Jungle .... Lord help me now 
who won the durn super bowl lol 
watching Tales from the Crypt ... miss this show ... used to watch it with my daddy ... 
dumped by my grandmother for two boys ;) 
watchin The Bad Girls Club ... Nikki is my fav ... Tomboyish ... as am i lol 
well that was a messed up episode to the power of 10 .... WTC ?! 
God has answered my prayer ... i know how i am going to do this stupid book thing :) YAY 
done with my movie review ... woot woot ! just wish my book review was just as easy :/ 
today is going to be interesting ... or boring 
glad this is friday . school is tiring 
so its friday and have no plans whatsoever ... sucks .. tests on monday 
i miss St. < PROPFIRST>'s just a little bit ... i guess u could say im homesick :) funny how i miss the one place i wanted get out of is now the place i want to visit more often than i do :( 
scrambled , solved , and finished 3 rubik's cubes .... bored 
i forgot how Gone With the Wind ended ... now my eyes are puffy and red :'( dislike the ending T , T 
well after church i am going to get a Pina Colada SoBe for tomorrow which is going to be horrible because not only is it a monday which is a \blah\ " day in and of itself but i also have 2 tests that i have a 50:50 < PROPMALE > of passing them without studying :/ " 
well spending Valentines Day night watching The Bad Girls Club .... messed up 
SOS in Chennai ;) 
SOS in Chennai , < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
needs to do homework today ... played the entire Assassin's Creed Brotherhood game .... im a geek lol 
done done done done DOOOOONE with my book review !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HALLELUJAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
5 years ago today i was throwing up blood and had a horrible headache ... came home tonight 5 years ago and my mother said i looked like a ghost ... pale as the < PROPFEMALE > 
5 years ago today i went to the pediatrics to check my iron . nobody told me what it was until i was in the < PROPMALE > city hospital . my mom broke the news to me that i had cancer . 
5 years ago today i went to st. < PROPFIRST > . this is the day that i met my 2nd family :) i wouldnt have changed a thing even if i could 
loves havin fun wit < PROPFIRST > lol . phones and bookcases dont mix wit short ppl lol love ya < PROPFIRST > 
got my nephew Maddox his presents from his Auntie < PROPFEMALE > lol 3 years old !!!! he is a cutie !! HAPPY BIRTHDAY MADDOX I LOVE YOU !!!! 
dislike this reading thing at school ... ridiculous like 15 minutes is really going to make us read more ... really ? no sorry it is just going to make us hate it more . im just sayin ... but its whatever Mr. Board of \Education \"" 
chest pains :( hurtin bad 
all kidding aside ... i do actally have symtoms of a bruised lung ... im so screwed :/ 
high blood pressure and pulled muscle .... sharp pains in upper arm , upper left chest , and center chest .... CRAP 
has anyone noticed that greenevill h.s. < PROPFEMALE > mater has the words Hail to thee , Our < PROPFEMALE > Mater , G.H.S. , All hail . sounds like a satanic movement lol plus the mascot is a devil ... lol 
everyone knows i wear out my sunglasses lol so i got myself new \knock-offs\ " of Ray ~ Ban B-) cool beans " 
mondays ... blah ! drama practice tonight ... meaning COOKIES !!! 
have u ever been hurt by someone so much that ur afraid to tell someone else how u feel about them cuz now ur subconscience of what they will think BECAUSE of what that other person said .... its crap 
drama practice tonight ... yay for seeing friends you'd normally not see and have fun lol 
not the best night :'( 
going to daddy's grave tomorrow for his 43rd birthday . he still lives on in my heart ... I LOVE U DADDY !!!! 
Dear God please tell my daddy happy birthday 
on my way to get my Bucky Covington tickets ... woot woot 
got my Bucky Covington tickets .... cant wait for the 17th !!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > poppins soundtrack .... songs of my childhood :) 
takin ACT tomorrow ... should be able to go home afterwards cause im not going to be able to think afterwards seeing as how my brain is going to be fried 
I watched Moulin Rouge knowing full well that i was going to cry ... needless to say i did ... 
ACT today ... ugh im so screwed 
ACT test .... epic fail 
workin on another painting :) 
Stressed out ! i dont know how im going to get done with a lot of this stuff 
movie review , review paper , and outline all due tomorrow . Bucky Covington concert tonight 
one word ... AMAZING 
The true heroes of < PROPFEMALE > are the ones who had to go through the torture of watching loved ones being lynched and destroyed mentally and physically day in and day out . African < PROPFEMALE > ns have earned my respect and should , in fact , have the respect of every white person in this nation . 
in < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE>'s room lol chillaxing 
sketched on my canvases ... changed some of the little things from my drawings on paper but its all good still ... now all i need is time to paint them and then brainstorm for new drawings woot ... its pretty much cool beans if i do say so myself lol 
u know u miss movies like scream when u watch The Ring randomly lol .... SCREAM 4 IN APRIL ... movies of my childhood lol 
so when visiting my fav teacher in the world ... i decide to play with the stapler as usual but in the process stapled my finger .... EPIC FAIL lol 
youth convention all weekend ... going to be a blast ... hopefully lol . i am def going to catch up on my new year's resolution this weekend lol .... im like 30-some chapters behind schedule lol 
show him that care just for him cause u wont get him thinkin ' and a-prayin ' wishin ' and a- hopin ' 
oooo lets go flyy a kite up to the highest height and send it soaring . up in the atmosphere up where the air is clear :) 
Deuteronomy 1:31 ... \There you saw how the Lord your God carried you as a father carries his son ' all the way you went until yoou reached this place " 
when u walk through a storm hold ur head up high and dont be afraid of the dark because at the end of a strom is a glorious light walk on through the rain walk on with hope in ur heart and you'll never walk alone 
got a hermit crab ... his name is George ... And he IS cool beans lol 
< PROPFIRST > is warming up to me ... he crawled on my hand and i let him explore on my bed ... He is my new best friend :) hopefully he wont die on me for a long time 
so how cool beans is it that < PROPFIRST > likes baby food ?! 
had < PROPFIRST > out in the living room exploring ... out of my brother and sister who were laying on the floor with me watching ... my lil < PROPFEMALE > came to me ! It's a mother's joy lol 
had a fun day in < PROPMALE > and g vegas with @ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Jones :) 
finsihed type of sketch for next painting ... \Life Lessons \"" 
