Oh how I wish I had the bottle flu , but it seems I may have the normal one instead . 

Awww crap the wife found me 
I miss my father . I love you Dad ! 
I'm sorry for this , but if you know me , and you know Dad you will understand :\ 
The delicious hamburgers finally got their revenge on Dad , we just left the crematorium where we had to BBQ Dad . 
So that everyone knows we will be having the funeral at the Salvation Army chuch in Nampa at 5:30 PM on Thursday July 15 , 2010 
So I woke up this morning , and the first thing that went through my mind was that I would never get to play pool with Dad again . I think that we were about the same level , but now I will never get the < PROPMALE > to best him ;) 
Well , I guess it is time for me to start playing on facebook , as I live on the computer . So I will start hunting down past friends and such . I think that I have most of my family on here , so now everyone will be able to see all the stupid things I do and say :) 
Off to pretend that I sleep so that < PROPFEMALE > doesn't get mad at me . Oyasumi na sai 
I think that I need to go finish digging my trench so that I can plant my bamboo < PROPMALE > ! 
There is a reason I consume 6,000 calories a day . Since I was at my Mothers all last week I was not surrounded by my usual plethora of junk food , and I have lost 15 pounds in 6 days . It's going to take me years to put on that weight again . But now I think I weigh less than both of my sisters again :p ~ 
Okay , it's been like 9 days and I haven't gotten more then a couple hours of sleep . I will give it another week , and if I still can't sleep , then screw it , I will stay up all night and party ..... again ! I love insomnia sometimes . 
First attempt :\ 
Gomen Jan-Chan\ 
Ako ay kaya pagod . Subalit ang aking asawa ay hini pahintulutan ako matulog . Hindi mo na insomniac gisingin\ 
:p ~ 
No beer and no sleep make < PROPMALE > go something something . 
Okay , I got all of the bamboo planted . I just need to make sure that the soaker hose is giving them enough water without them drowning . I also need to do some clean up . Who would have thought that so much dirt could come out of a 40 ' x 3 ' x 3 ' hole . I'll get < PROPFEMALE > to take some pics when she gets home so we can have them posted . 
So I think that Oracle has killed the company SUN . Today I will be uninstalling Solaris and going back to Linux ( Lucid Linx ) , as they are 6 months behind on the newest release , and there has not been any word from Oracle on what is going on . They have killed my favorite comnpany and my favorite OS . Stupid Oracle ! 
Okay , I think I just got bitten by a spider .... How long before I start seeing all the pretty colors ? 
Due to popular demand I took some drugs to knock me out last night . Now I have this cloudy feeling in my head , and I am sleepy . This sleep crap sucks , can't wait for these drugs to be out of my system so I don't have to sleep again . 
Whew , after the drugs wore off , I learned that I still can't sleep . I was getting worried there for a while . At least things are almost back to normal . I just need to work on will power and self discipline and I should be go to go . 
Gah ! I am so frustrated with work . I don't know what else they expect . I just need to become smart again , then that will solve all of my problems . 
I just got an excellent massage from my best friend ( < PROPFEMALE > Seal ) . It was really relaxing , but the bad news is my stress doesn't appear to be physical , as I wasn't as knotted up as I usual am . Which means that all the stress is in my head . * Goes to stab the voices with a q-tip * 
I don't like the packaging for the Double Stuff Oreo's , it is too freaking hard to get to the first one or two Oreo's from the sides of the container , all the packaging is in the way . Opposable thumbs my ass ! * Goes to get a knife * 
Haha you Hooch . The vine that was protecting my door that you killed while I was on vacation is coming back . < PROPFEMALE > says its because of her good intentions , I think it is because of my evil intentions . :p ~ 
I may have found a way to become smart again ..... not sure how long it is going to last though . But in about 19 minutes it will have been 24 hours . 
I don't think I am having fun any more . I need another vacation , I think i may want to move back over seas again . Decisions decisions , what to do . 
Okay , so I have had the Smurfs theme song stuck in my head all day . La la la la la laa la la la la laaa ! 
I am either like Hulk Hogan , or < PROPFEMALE > is like CatWoman , because every morning when I wake up , my shirt is torn to shreds . My poor Hooters shirt , I will have to bury it in the backyard with the others . :( 
I hate dealing with politics and stupid people . I am a freaking computer nerd , why can't people have a CLI that I can hack so they do what I want . I am smarter when I am anti-social , I promise . Hehe , I'm also smarter when I'm drunk , but one thing at a time . 
\Kali < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm just one big alcoholic kid . I never grew up , but I got old enough to drink . Dreams can come true . 
Sweet , I just saved $75 by getting my activation fees waived on my new cell phone . I never knew that I just had to call in and ask to have that done . Maybe next time I will just ask them to waive my < PROPMALE > for that month . 
I guess I get to rebuild a whole bunch of stuff at work tomorrow . Now only if I can remember how the old way worked , and why it was so broken . Oh well ! 
It doesn't appear they care anymore . I guess I should go back to the way I used to be . Out spreading my Fathers ashes , minus one important person . 
Done spreading my Fatherrs ashes . Eating lunch in < PROPMALE > , then off to home ..... maybe 
Okay , so I lied we are < PROPMALE > Lake where I caught a frog that visciously attacked me , repeatedly biting me . I'll post pictures of my assailent later 
My fathers ashes have been spread :\ 
Atlanta , ID\ 
N 43 48.831 ' \ 
W 115 06.362 ' \ 
Elevation 5,455 ' \ 
\ 
< PROPMALE > , ID\ 
N 43 31.092 ' \ 
W 114 18.875 \ 
Elevation 5,355 ' 
My boss now thinks that I am cursed . I think that I am cursed now too . Everything is broken .... hmmm life is broken , I kind of like the sentiment but not the feeling . Everything is just stupid . * Goes to pout some more * 
You know what really grinds my gears :\ 
When band-aid packaging assumes that you have both opposable thumbs to open it . I mean come on , what if I accidentally cut my thumb with a pair of tin snips while dismantling an old rusted tetanus filled shed to making room for more bamboo . You could bleed to death trying to open the damn band-aid . \ 
Of course I am just sayin ' because I would never do such a dumb thing . 
I have found that if you eat Starbursts ( red ones ) and then corn chips that it tastes just like Fruit Loops . Kind of strange , but I may have a new option for breakfast ! 
Semi-impromptu 10 year reunion drinking party tonight . Be warned , if I have your phone number I may call you tonight for a DD or possibly bail ;) 
So < PROPFEMALE > looks pretty hot in a corset , but she may suffocate sometime tonight . Pics may follow later 
Party from 7:30 to 5:00 , completely trashed almost the whole time , got to catch up with old friends , and then a BBQ in a couple of hours . So far I am having a blast . We'll see how the BBQ goes ! 
Just got home from work . It was weird , everything happened according to plan , and it worked the first time ..... I blame all the partying this weekend . Yup , definitely the booze . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are off to go < PROPFEMALE > ourselves from a tree in the woods ..... I think it's called ziplining . \ 
Happy Anniversary ! \ 
Dai suki 
So , some girls from work want me to join a bowling league . Not sure what to do . Decisions decisions . \ 
Oh yeah , and I am pretty sure I suck at bowling . 
Panikku , ikari , utsubyo , < PROPFEMALE > , itami , zetsubo-tekina , muimina ! Why is it that these are how the world goes around ? Why must we feel this way , live this way , breathe this way ? Oyasumi 
Have you ever forgotten how to see ? 
Just got home from the gym . I haven't been for about 2 months now . But I now know I need to push myself even harder , 2 months of being lazy , and my capabilities have suffered . 
The higher your IQ the more light sensitive your eyes are ! 
I think today I finally figure out the source of my stress . It wasn't my Father's passing , my wife , the stupid NetApp project . But even though I know , I am not sure how to go about fixing it . Decisions , decisions . 
My wife is retarded , she is so excited about getting fresh food today that she didn't sleep last nice . But , at least Saturday morning cartoons are on . 
My new Ninjina cat is just like me . She is completely ADD , she moves about the house completely silent , and every time she farts or craps < PROPFEMALE > begins to cry . I never thought an animal would sit there and pester < PROPFEMALE > just like I do , it's kind of creepy but still cool . 
It's entertaining watching < PROPFEMALE > try to herd a cat ! 
It's gotta be uh-oh Spaghetti O's 
Hmm , I wonder if I am a evil spirit . < PROPFEMALE > acquired a Talisman to guard her from evil spirits from someone over seas , and after only a couple of weeks , I am really starting to get freaked out . I think the thing actually works . It just makes me feel really uncomfortable , even after she takes it off , I still don't feel right . * shudders * 
I always have 1 of 3 songs stuck in my head :\ 
Play That Funky Music White Boy\ 
Super < PROPFIRST > Bros Theme Song ( Original)\ 
Smurfs Theme Song 
< PROPFEMALE > wants to become a Chocolateer , but I think she would eat her Oompa Loompa 
It's so weird , I can't remember the last time I got a full nights sleep . Things feel out of whack . I think I need to buy a bigger bed . I can't wait for after work , I can go buy the new Karate Kid and finally watch it .... in a normal fashion . 
Hmmm Glee is a little to close to home this time . Dad passed away while we were all in there holding his hand , pleading for him to breathe . \ 
Maybe I should go drinking tonight , that could cheer me up and be fun :) 
Great , another fine day , more bad news for someone close , and my work load has doubled . I think I may actually really go drinking tonight , especially since I wussed out yesterday . 
I don't want to grow up I'm a Toys R Us kid , something something that I can play with , from bikes to trains to vididleo games , it's the greatest toy store there is , I don't want to grow up I'm a Toys R Us kid something something something something something too ! 
Okay , so I just watched < PROPFEMALE > , feed our over weight cat a bunch of butter . I wonder if the cat will survive the day before she blows out an artery . Only time will tell . 
Damn you ECCO , for making me drink my liver into oblivion 
Remembrance of a dream , a world of untold wonders and potential , all of the possibilities ..... but an unreachable world , a place of torment with only a single guiding light , a dim light , a fuzzy light that slowly fades , crumbling away like ash in the wind . The glimmer of hope will be missed . 
I work way too hard and I doubt that anyone really cares . What I did at work yesterday was a bunch of crap . 12 hours of BS , and now I have to wait until Monday to clean up my mess . And by the time I left , the bars were closed :( 
Should I drive to Portland this weekend to buy bacon donuts for a biggest loser competition at work ? We have weigh-ins on Monday , and a nutritionist coming in . 
Got home last night and had a fever , had to skip the gym , to sick to exercise . I think I broke the fever , and I may have killed the sore throat I was having with hot chocolate and vodka . Hopefully 100% by Monday 
On part 4 of self medication . If I wasn't sick , this would be pretty sweet . 
Mmmm chocolate vodka cough syrup 
I think I just blew my nose so hard that a biece of my prain came out . Damn boogers , thought that they could stay in my body . I showed them . 
Once again , I can't sleep , and downtown was kind of lame tonight . Oh well , back to staring at the wall . 
Woohoo I think I finally remembered a cartoon that no one else appears to have on their wall . Ah , it feels good to be different while fitting in :P 
Since I can't afford the phone that I want , I will just hack the crap out of my current one until it does what I want . \ 
Now to figure out what I want it to do ...... but I think I will hack it first because that is more fun . 
Hi ho , Hi ho , it's off to work I go , something something something somthing Hi ho , Hi ho , hi ho , hi ho 
I had a bad moustache day yesterday , so I sought revenge . Muhahahahaha 
I need to drink ..... a lot 
Zombie < PROPMALE > needs brains .... brrrraaaaaiiiinnnnnnssssss 
If I had a q-tip now ; I would end it all 
I like alcohol , and alcohol likes me . Aw kimochi 
< PROPFEMALE > Ba Hum Bug . I'm not having a good holiday season yet . 
I have been debating for weeks on how to handle this , and I think I finally figured it out . So I bought my Father a Christmas present . And as some of you know my Father passed away this summer . The sad thing is , this is the only present that I can remember that I bought for my Dad all by myself . I guess I just had to wait for him to be gone first . 
Oh my liver is going to feel this in the morning 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . I only have one more present to wrap , and it's mine ;) 
OMG only 364 shopping days left until Christmas 
Sick and die'ing , now off to work ! 
Damn you , you never wake an insomniac , it's like in the Bible or something . Also all of you better start loving each other like a real family should because now I'm getting involved , and Hell hath no fury like me seeking revenge for a 12 AM phone call because people are dumb 
Okay , after being folded in two for 4 hours blowing in insulation in the attic , I feel like I have been molested by a moose , my back hurts so freaking much . 
I love Side the Science Kid . He's my hero 
Being at home sick , without cable really blows . I am so bored , and I don't feel good * whines * 
Oh God , I have devoured all of the sugar in the house , I may not live through the night . Oh why , Why do I store all of my snacks at work ? 
Woohoo I finally hit puberty , my voice just suddenly dropped an entire octave . Thank you plague . 
I'm bored and I don't know what to do today . Kind of hungry too . 
I want to go do something , but I don't want to do it . Today kind of sucks 
Alright time to head to work because crap is broken again . I love my job 
da na na na na na na na Batman ! 
Yet another life skill from being a professional alcoholic ; the ability to perfectly toast poptarts using your cars defroster while on your way to work . 
Woohoo Saturday morning cartoons . Life is good until I head back into work . 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too ! 
Do you ever wonder if I am a fictional character ? 
Off to see the wizard , the wonderful wizard of Oz ...... oh wait , nope just off to work . 
My first Status was : ' Yume No Namida ' . This was posted on 04/24/2009\ 
Find your first Status By scrolling down 
I was having a fabulous night and tons of fun , but something happened at the bar , not sure what but now I just feel blah . I don't think it was the dude that puked on my shoes , but I can't quite put my finger on what it was . Oh well . Off to work in a couple hours . 
Okay , this has never happened before ; I actually used a protractor , trigonometry , and calculus today , in a real world setting . I am still reeling from this , I am so disillusioned . 
You ever have one of those days where nothing goes right ? I mean , even my pizza wasn't right , do you know how hard it is to cut an oblong pizza into 4 equal pieces . Why couldn't it just have been round , don't these people realise how OCD I am ? 
Okay , I think I just figured out why I have had such a bad last couple of days ; I think I broke my schizophrenia . All of the voices are gone , I can just here my one voice . This really sucks , I can only do one thing at a time , and I really miss the driving voice , it's dangerous now that I have to pay attention on the road . 
Finally got everything up and running at work , now off to sleep , or at least pretend to sleep 
Scooby dooby do , where are you , we've got some work to do now .... aw crap I gotta go to work or I'll be late . < PROPFEMALE > na 
Okay , so what happened to Magic 93.1 ? 
Holy crap , do you know the last time I took apart a printer ? No really , because I can't remember , on my 3rd dissection now , but I gotta stop < PROPFEMALE > is sleepy , and I make too much noise . I'll figure it out tomorrow though , hopefully before my cartoons start . 
Good thing work called , I almost missed Saturday morning cartoons . 
Do you ever get bored of mediocrity ? Ever wonder when the right time to change your life , fix the broken things , and excel in everything is ? I have been treating life like a roller coaster rather than a game . I have been lazy , just kicking back and enjoying the ride . I wonder when I will get off my lazy a$$ and play the game ... will it be tomorrow , or when I'm 80 ? 
Do Atheists believe in ghosts ? 
Suck it Steelers . 
Okay , the new VW Beatle commercial was cool 
WOOOOOHOOOOO PACKERS !!!!! 
Yup , < PROPFIRST > Rodgers is going to get laid on a Camero tonight . 
Yay , off to be learned 
Oyasumi nasai ! 
My tummy hurts :( 
Yay , I get to be the designated asshole again , and break some bad news to one of my sisters , this should be interesting . 
Okay , off to work for a bit , then to class for the rest of the day . Ittekimasu 
Yay , Saturday morning cartoons . 
Off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of Oz ..... oh wait , nope just going to work . 
Guess its time to sleep , but I reek , I've had so many drinks spilled on me tonight . It was definitely a weird night . 
Ah , I am so glad that I am just retarded enough not to get < PROPFEMALE > overs . Life is good 
Okay , I am tired of being the tall goofy white guy . Anyone have any suggestions on where I can go to learn to dance ? Every place that I have found is for 3rd graders , and I may be bad , but I hope that I am not that bad . 
Yay , off to work ..... oh wait it's work . Boo ! 
Woohoo Jeopardy with a computer . Oh God , some day I will seek help , I almost promise ! 
I have no < PROPFEMALE > . I started a mind game with myself , pitting my subconscious against my conscious . I put into motion a grand scheme that at this time I have no control of , what ever the outcome will determine who wins . But I want to know the outcome now , I don't want to wait . * nervous twitch * 
Aww man I think my < PROPFEMALE > is broken . It's no longer self cleaning . 
So just finished a wonderful dinner at Murphy's and I noticed that a plant on the table across from us was not centered properly . < PROPFEMALE > noticed the plant was dieing . My first reaction was that the plant was dieing due to poor Feng Shui 
Happy Birthday Dad . We all still love and miss you . It's still kind of hard that you're gone . We are all trying to take care of Mom , but you know how big of a pain in the butt she is , so we're not doing as good of a job as you did . But < PROPFIRST > found her a new place to live , sorry we couldn't keep the house . Missing you and loving you always . 
I scored a consulting job today , I think I might be swamped again . But I should make some play money too . 
Tanjoubi omedetou Oyajii ! Gomeifuku wo inorimasu . 
Woohoo , I get to be even more special today . Hehehe Hahahaha Muhahahahaha :) 
So last night I ran into an old colleague from Zilog . I hadn't seen < PROPMALE > in a decade . That's when I thought that I would go home and call Dad and let him know who I ran into ...... but I guess I can't call Dad any more to tell him of old friends from the past . 
Okay , since I have either been working , or partying for the last couple of days , I haven't had a < PROPMALE > to thank everyone for the birthday wishes . Thank you all so much , I really appreciate it , and I need to start hanging out with you guys again . 
I am so hungry 
Off to clean and organize the garage .... unless someone has something more fun to do today 
What would you do for a Klondike bar ? 
Holy cow , ran 3 < PROPMALE > , biked 6 , and did another thingy that I have no clue what it is called for 10 mins . Now I am starving , I will have pizza for 1st dinner , and I think I will have one of the most unhealthy things that I make for 2nd dinner ( Nachos ) 
So , I flipped to the Biggest Loser , and these people are gaining weight . Did the show change this season , if so then I want to join . 
WOOHOO back from the gym and I am pumped , downed a protein shake , and I am just having a blast . Soon I will make my gut rot nacho's again . WOOOOOO 
So I found out I have a bruise on my leg . But I never bruise . It was caused by dropping a 100 lb table saw on it from about 3 ft . I have since attempted to make a friend for that bruise , so I punched my leg really hard , and nothing . I then whacked it really really hard with an escrima stick , and still nothing . I think my body may be retarded . 
Scooby Dooby do , where are you ? 
Woohoo broke 200 bowling tonight . Yay ! 
Okay , so if I go outside and I leave butt prints every 3 ft in the snow , do you think anyone will believe there was an elephant in the neighborhood ? 
Holy freaking crap gas is expensive . When did it hit $3.25 ? I may have a smaller car , but dang , it's getting pricey , it was like $35 to fill it up . 
Off to cook dinner . Mm mm good 
Oo ee oo ah ah ting tang wala wala bing bang 
Bathed the < PROPFEMALE > , and I am only bleeding a little bit . 
I really want to go to the gym to exercise , but I know that I need rest days , and that I can over work my body . But it just sounds like fun right now . 
At Buffalo Wild Wings to watch the UFC fights 
Woohoo it's been a full 2 weeks ! 
Buffalo Wild Wings has awesome service , I'm really impressed . But their chairs are hard as hell and my ass is killing me . I really need to grow an ass if I am going to sit in a bar for 6 hours . 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( in honor of our military wherever they may be ) -let's see who gets it and follows the instructions 
Back from the gym , downed my protein shake , and icing my leg . Still hungry , stupid pizza takes 27 minutes to cook 
You ever feel like your life is spiraling out of control ? 
Dang , I needed to add more sugar to the burgers , still good , but not quite perfect . 
Okay , my brain feels like a scrambled egg . I am going to go meditate and see if it returns back to normal . If that fails then plan ( b is for booze ) . 
Yay , working again . Let's see if I can finish by < PROPFEMALE > . 
Woohoo , even the internet doesn't want me to work any more . I guess when I get home tonight I will have to figure out why it is down . Off to work . 
Alright , back to work , hopefully I can finish before midnight tonight . 
Work sucks , I'm tired , and I'm hungry , and this freaking upgrade is taking FOREVER ! 
At the gym , and I just turned to the girl on the bike next to me and asked : \Pardon me but do you have any Grey Poupon ? \"" 
Woohoo 20 days , and I am half way there . 
* stretch * Finally awake 
Aw , Spaghetti Oh's with Meat Balls ( Family Size can ) is the breakfast of champions . 
Urge to kill rising , < PROPMALE > beit slower than earlier . 
Stupid snowy / rainy weather is turning my grass green again . 
Finally caught up on FB , and finished posting inappropriate responses to everyones status ' . Now I can start the research project that I have been waiting all day to start . 
WOOOOHOOOO I just had one of those genius moments , and made a huge break through with my research . Now I need to do some more calculations to verify my findings , and determine the plausibility of it . 
I just received the most racist text message that I have ever received , and Holy Freaking Cow was it funny . Wish I could post it on here , but half of you would be pissed , the other half would be laughing their asses off . Which category do you fall in ? 
Wouldn't it be cool if the Roadster Show had the real Spiderman show up ? 
Pow Belgado\ 
OMG Pow , I just heard about the Tsunami heading for the Philippines , quick get your car to even higher ground before it floods ..... again :P 
? ??? ? 
Does anyone know where I can buy a stethoscope in the valley ? I want to try something dumb . 
I'm gonna watch a movie , I'm gonna watch a move , I'm gonna watch a movie \ 
:p ~~~ 
I have magically found a way to travel back in time . As of today , work is just like it was 2 years ago . I was able to cope with it then , but I am not sure I am prepared to handle it now . 
I have come to the realization that my pant size will never increase until my gut hangs low enough to be tucked into them . * sigh * 
Yay , Saturday morning cartoons 
I am backwards . Normally you have extreme chest pains after eating Mongolian , not before . 
Ran a sub 7 < PROPFEMALE > mile today . 
You kids have it so easy . Push to start in my day was pushing a big a ** heavy car down the road screaming pop the damn clutch , now , Now , NOW ! 
Okay , so I just saw one of the T-Mobile mocking AT&T commercials , but I have to ask , why are they still airing those . I mean AT&T just bought T-Mobile , so they are now making fun of themselves .... right ? 
R . I . P Mongolian leftovers . Oh how I miss you , and wish you were still here . 
Woohoo last night at about 3:34 AM I completed my own version of lent . I was able to successfully give up 3 things for 40 days . I will take a brief hiatus , and then begin the 100 day discipline , that one is going to be tough . 
* Livid * Like Godzilla rampage livid . How can I drop 14 lbs and gain 5% body fat ? This all happened in 40 days too . This wasn't just me being a couch potato either , it was going to the gym every freaking weekday and busting my butt . The Gold's dude had to have messed up the measurement . Aaaarrrrgggg I just want this week to be over so I can go back to the gym and push even harder . 
