don't forget to read posts from the bottom up ; sometimes the important information is on top 

confusion holds , disaster strikes , choas reigns , but hope prevails . 
If the world were black and white it would be really boaring . 
To stop growing is to die silently . 
Courage is love applied . 
honor is courage applied 
life is good . 
peace is a vocation not a vacation . 
added a couple of stanza's to my info poem . 
justice is honer applied 
goodness is justice applied 
avatar is the best movie I have ever seen ! 
compassion is the willingness to love . 
life is good , life is hard . 
for love to truely exist one must allow for paradox , one cannot become one with someone without allowing themselves to be seperate . 
each step in life is an opertunity to be reborn , a < PROPMALE > for a new start . this grace is the saving truth of humankind . For only in rebirth can humanity overcome its challenges and begin anew ..... 
There is a peace that comes from within , unlike anything that comes without . It holds a candle to the darkness , a mirror to the evil and restores ones strength of spirit . 
a life lived is a life given gentle hands move more than stone and strength is love and love alone 
If you want to be loved , give love . Because love is something you just can't take . 
adventure is life lived in the moment . 
All things come down to faith in the end . 
Life opens before me . It falls into my lap as the sun falls into the welcoming night . A thing of beauty and a thing of light . casting to the sky a hypnotic divergance of colorful possibility 
\blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the earth . \"" 
faith is the ability to be silent when the world seems to demand that you speak , and the ability to speak out when the world demands that you be silent . 
Hope and fear are opposites : the one is a beleif in what may happen being good , the other is a wory that what will happen is going to be bad . 
To fight evil with evil is to use evil yourself . 
There is not a step along this journey we take in vain . 
To know your own drive is more important than to be skeptical of everyone else's . 
Questions hold great power , with great power comes great responsibility .... 
\who of you by worrying can add a single hour to your life . \ " < PROPFIRST > 6:27 " 
Love has a mind of its own . It builds up and prods us , it asks if we might try a little harder , it strengthens are resolve , and it destroys our fear . If everyone listened to the love in their heart and acted with it they would find all things are possible . 
To reconcile is divine 
The greatest caves form one drop at a time . 
Life is good ! 
< PROPMALE > 12 : 48 But the one who does not know and does things deserving punishment will be beaten with few blows . From everyone who has been given much , much will be demanded ; and from the one who has been entrusted with much , much more will be asked . 
We all have something which makes us powerful , some are fighters , some are writers , some find solace in being alone , others are more likely to share what they've known . But everyone has something to give , that is why we all have strength to live . 
People are a string of preconditions and a response to their world . The greatest power is in exercising choice . As we find power in the world we can absorb and direct it , or flail and flounder in it . As we find direction in the world we can take or conceal it , we can make or repeal it . We are floating in a sea of power in which all things we do send ripples . 
So choose wisely the wake you make , for it will last far longer than you will . 
Sometimes the answer is obvious . 
But the question may be hard to find . 
\Let it Be . \"" 
Those who act in love never act alone . 
God is present in every action of love . But too few take action . 
Great intelligence ponders little things deeply . Great wisdom ponders things so little few others notice them . 
Happy Easter Everone ! 
sometimes we look around the world only to find the most precious things have been right in front of us the whole time . 
Success is rooted in knowing your own limits and strengths and acting on that knowledge . 
Life is about the journey , not the destination . 
All power is on lend . 
Power is to be respected , not feared . 
Freedom without responsibility is choas . 
Choas has no purpose but to sustain itself . 
Do not be tired , be well spent . 
Just when you think you can step no more , take another step . 
Adventure is life lived in the moment . 
The present is bridge to the future . 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probaly won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Eduacation Week , an ... d this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding . 
Love is the greatest challenge and the greatest reward . 
Speak truth to power . 
A moment , once seized , can last a lifetime . 
Thank you guys ! I have been kinda busy , so thanks for the birthday wishes ! 
Has Passed his eagle board of reveiw 
Had an awsome prom ! 
Those who are the most loving are often the most reviled . 
All who teach hate , make hurt . 
Sometimes being patient just sucks :) ! 
Nothing shrinks the ego like looking at the sky at night . 
When all is said and done the rought we take lasts longer than the camp we make , and the final say is only the end of the way . 
Learning to love others is rooted in knowing how to love yourself , the world and life . 
is officialy a 2010 graduate ! 
Is officialy in Great Britan ! 
Looks at the stars and wonders ..... Just wonders . 
is enjoying his time in Britain . 
been 12 hours without a post , BRITAIN IS AWSOME !!!! 
tommarow is Dover time ! 
Whoooops ! Got my itinerary backwards . Today I saw Bath and Stonehinge , got to put some of that hard earned latin to work ! Just makes me look more forewards to the white cliffs ! 
Dover was amazing , I loved the white cliffs . Westminster < PROPFEMALE > was an awsome church , canterburry was supper cool , all and all , just a good time ! Pictures soon ! 
back home , but another adventure is well on the way ! 
we are never truely alone , everything we are is because of those who have shaped us , and there are always those who are molded like we are . 
If one person climes a single thousand foot peek , and another climes 1001 one foot mole hills , who has climed the most ? 
Is waiting on his Eagle award ceremony ! 
is now a fully recognized eagle scout ! 
evil is evil because it tries to pretend to be good . 
In this world there are far more questions than we will ever find answers for . 
Greatly enjoyed Cedar point !! 
Back from DC ! Enjoyed it greatly ! 
Everyone is full of energy , it is using this energy , and the convictions of its use , which make up life . 
Has passed his drivers test ! 
Is now a freshman at Wabash college ! 
Like the wind you cannot hold on to me , you cannot grasp me or control me . You can only feel me and remember , run along side me , rejoice with me and follow me as far as your path allows . 
First day of class and all's well ! 
Has found out that Chinese is very challenging .... 
First week of college and all is well . 
Happy Birthday Mom ! 
Sometimes growing up is a pain in the butt ! 
Sometimes growing up is a whole lot of fun ! 
Life continues to be good :p ! 
As life goes on , fun and games become mandatory . 
The adventure of a lifetime is life ! 
Never realized how sexy blues dancing was supposed to be .... 
Welcome to college where complicated things are a daily occurence and daily occurences arn't so complicated . 
Dreams can be born in an instant , but take a lifetime to raise . 
Just in time to realize what being overwhelmed feels like ..... 
A calm state of mind overcomes all things 
To quote The Eagles \take it easy \"" 
Life is always good 
Truth and Fact are not the same . 
Sometimes you just have to put your foot down . 
Now has a Skype account ! 
Therefore you are charged to live in the moment that you may learn to plan for the future . 
Mellowing down for break is fun ! 
But being on break is more fun ! 
To walk life's journey with out dreams is to walk it without a roadmap : who knows where you will turn up ! 
A moment of adventure can lead to decades of joy . I know I will have joy for all of my life :) . 
Freindship is the foundation of happiness . 
If love were considered a journey , and not a destination , we would have a much easier time finding and living it . 
What is certain is uncertainty , what is constant is the need to do good despite it . 
So lets get to doing good ! 
To be sure , there is a lot to the adventure of life , I just hope that I can find a way to live it all ! 
I can be a savior to no one , I am flawed and needy , occasionaly sulky and sad , but I do what I can to be the best I can . 
Learning to live , one step at a time .... 
It is never easy being away from those you love . 
Finaly ! Something to be busy for ! 
Chinese Caligraphy is fun :) ! 
A very important person in my life once said , \breathing is good\ " :) . " 
Occasionaly it just dawns on us : the world is full of beauty . 
Though we all use different tools , we are all working on the same puzzle ; every once and a while we should check on the other ways of putting it together . 
Fingertips touch like a gentle wind . And with this comes the first most crucial piece of information : what it is that we hold . 
Whew , life goes on with a deep breath and a new < PROPFIRST > on the roadmap . 
The boys are back in town baby ! 
Count the stars and breath the sky , and still you will not know the < PROPFEMALE > that life gives you each day . 
I am not afraid . For my power is in life , not death . 
Nothing is simple . 
Take a breath , take in the wonder , and continue moving on with life . Remembering that you are still in the driver's seat . 
Sometimes , learning just sucks . 
And so it continues ..... Onwards to life ! 
Almost done , ah what a wonderful feeling ! 
Had an excelent adventure and is glad to be back in town for now ! It is beggining to look alot like Christmas ! :) 
The final sprint of the Chirstmas season ..... 
Enjoying break , poundering life and shrinking from the veiw of the world . 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Vienna and thinking about life :) . 
A balenced life makes the world seem all the more amazing . 
Has met some of the wisest people he has ever talked to . 
Adventures abound , this is going to be a kick but semester ! 
momentum is a wonderous thing . 
One can never live alone , for even in the act of living one comes from a multitude . As cells make up a body , so we are part of a world in which we are all participants , like it or not . 
sometimes progress is simply rediscovering what was already in front of you . 
Take care of yourself , for you are the only person you will always have to live with . 
Spend a little time down , and when you are up again you may find that you are ready to go ! 
Has just avoided watching yet another super bowl :) . 
Spent and ready for the weekend , but still clogging along . 
Should totaly be in bed , but is really enjoying the evening . 
Oh what a beautiful day .... 
For some reason I am behind but I feel ahead . 
sometimes things are best left as they are . 
Getting ready to continue along the way . As always , life is quite the adventure . 
sometimes it seems like everything in the world has claim to who we are but us . 
The past is a ghost , the future a dream , all we ever have is the present . 
everything was once or will be , the present . 
sometimes we get no break ... Even on break .. 
PORTLAND ROCKS ! So does wabash I suppose .... 
I have tons of energy and none of it is directed at homework right now .... 
Sometimes the mind is just a roadblock as we search for peace . 
Let us put our hands over our mouth like Job , and be thankful that in our personal littleness we ourselves are here at all . The deity that suffers us , we may be sure , can suffer many another queer and wonderous and only half-delighted things . 
What does it mean to serve peace in a world that so desires for conflict . 
To be present is far more important than to be cynical 
Peace is more than the absence of conflict . 
whatever happens and where ever we are , the darkness always listens , for God is in the darkness as well as the light . 
Life goes on , and so long as my heart beats , I will make it good . 
Freedom is an action that is rarely taken , not a thing to be taken for granted . 
\We are tied together in the single garment of < PROPFEMALE > 
