Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew . 

Hello all . I hope everyone had a great day . And may your night be even better . 
Guess not ... LOL 
If you're brave .. Copy this into yourstatus and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : awesome !. 10 : bihh ! . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : adorable . 19 : Simple . 20 : Strong 21 : Bf\\Gf Type . SO WHAT DO U THINK I AM ??? 
Okay , so ....... say you had this friend and she was preganant and you were hearing from a few people that your ole man could be daddy of your friends unborn baby . You brush it off at first , but then everytime you go around her , she acts funny and doesn't really speak to you and she totally avoids your ole man when you are around . What would you think ? Would you think maybe the rumor was true or what ? 
I hope everyone's night was great . I'm going to try to occupy myself while I wait for him to get home ............ he's late again . :( 
I've noticed when you're left to alone so much , lonliness seems to become your best friend . :( 
Listening to my music I just put on profile . Got to find something to do . 
is wandering what time he'll be home tonight . 
Couldn't sleep ...... haven't been to bed yet ........... I CAN NOT BELIEVE I'M STILL AWAKE . 
Success is not final . Failure is not fatal . It is the strength to continue that counts . 
Maybe I will get away for the night and get so damn drunk that I for get about everyone who doesn't give a shit like they tell me they do ............ and who knows , maybe I WON'T GIVE A SHIT !!!!!!!! 
If your week has been messed up and the bullshit of everyday life has got you down ... I say you just need to go out tonight , get your drink on , and say : Fuck it ..... tonight it's all about me . \ " , 201 0-0 5-28 23:10:23 " 
You know , I was watching something on television earlier and it made me wander how these people could who have children could abuse them in any way . As a parent you are suppose to love and protect your children , not be the 1 who hurts them . I just don't understand how anyone could do that to thier babies . It makes me sick . 
Busy day today and I have this killer headache . I hope all have a wonderful day today . xoxo 
If tears could build a stairway and memories build a lane , I'd walk right up to heaven , and bring you home again . \ 
Mommy loves you so much , Emilie !!!!!!!! I miss you !!!!!!!! 
I've come to realize that if you are afraid of love , your heart will break any way ..... only in not half so nice a fashion as when you let somebody love you . 
Do you ever get to the point where it's like you help and help people so much and even though you sincerely do love to help people as much as you possibly can , sometimes you just get fed up with giving and giving and giving and getting nothing back when you need the help ? Just a thought . 
You know , you can place judgement on other people all day long , but when it comes down to it , at the end of the day they are still who they are and you are just another person talking shit . 
Question Ladies , if some girl sent your ole man a friend request on here and he acts like it pisses him off that she did because he said he don't even really talk to her and he's not intrested in being friends with her , would you ask her why she sent it and tell her to oleave him alone ? What would you do ? 
I come to realize that people are going to continue to talk shit and friends are gonna come and go , so the best thing to do is ignore the shit talking from pathetic people with nothing better to do and enjoy each friendship to the fullest while they last . 
It's funny how people will make up things , even if it still gets them bitched at , just to keep from telling the truth and keep hiding things from you . 
You know , even a person isn't < PROPMALE > and didn't complete school .... they can still be good parents that love thier children and still provide what thier children need . 
Love is a spirit of all compact of fire 
You don't stop laughing because you grow old . You grow old because you stop laughing . 
I just want to say thank you to everyone who is trying to help me . I greatly appreciate it so much . 
Well , I think I'll get off here now . Good night to all and may you all have sweet dreams . 
I just want to tell all the parents who , while you may not have alot of money and a huge house , but you do make sure your children have what they need and you give them your unconditional love ..... GOOD JOB !!!!!!!! YOU ARE GREAT PARENTS . And , always remember , there is no such thing as perfect parents . Mistakes are made , but that is what helps you and your children learn and grow . 
So , here I sit . Hope crashed to the ground again . Time lost . Clock stops ticking . Tears flow down my face as the pieces of my broken heart break even more . Can't do this anymore . All hope is lost . My life and happiness never to return . This is the end for me . 
You tell me it's hopeless . You tell me to give up . You tell me it's final . \ 
I tell you I still have hope . Nothing is final . I WILL NOT GIVE UP . \ 
MOMMY LOVES YOU , GABRYL , CLARA , ALLISON , JOSEPH , PETER , DANIEL , AND < PROPFEMALE > . MOMMY WILL NEVER GIVE UP !!!!!!!! 
Attention\ 
Every One : Please spend one < PROPFEMALE > . and Read this .... Urgent from Glend \ 
Eagles Hospital 7 women have died after inhaling a free perfume sample \ 
that was mailed to them . This product was poisonous ! If you recieve free\ 
samples in the mail such as , lotions , perfumes , diapers , etc . Throw \ 
... them away . This is not a joke .... Send to all friends and family . See More 
Just watched True Blood . :) Let's hope Sookie is a good shot . 
Waste not your time in anger of things now taken away , but love and < PROPFEMALE > the beautiful memories that are eternally with you to stay . 
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence . 
I'm a Lover , not a Fighter ....... But , I will Fight for what I Love . 
It's hard to wait around for something you know might not happen , but it's even harder to give up , when you know it's everything you ever wanted . 
My heart goes out to < PROPMALE > Rosier's family . You are all in my prayers . 
Getting off here for now so I can get ready to go out with two of the most important men in my life , My Daddy and My Hubbie . :) YAY !!!!!!!! \ 
Talk to all later . Hugs n kisses . Everyone have a safe and fun night . xoxo 
I have come to realize that some people just aren't meant to be happy no matter what they do . 
Lifes a bitch cause if it were a slut , it would be too easy . 
Don't let it bother you when one person ignores you . There are plenty of other people who enjoy your conversation , your time ,..... YOU . 
I used to think being the oldest of 6 sucked because I had the responsability of being the one who had to set the right example for the other 5 . I was wrong . I now realize what sucks about being the oldest is having to except when they one by one get older and don't have time for thier big sis anymore . :( I miss the good ole days when we all < PROPMALE > out . :( 
Just a message to a person who wants to talk shit about who I am with , SHUT THE F*CK UP . You don't know shit about me , my sisters , or who we are with . You couldn't know anything about any of us cause you haven't been in our lives to know anything . And , please , take note of this , your opinion don't make me or break me . You are just another asshole with an asshole opinion . Oh , and one more thing , Please have a nice day . mwa :) 
I hope everyone has a beautiful day . I haven't been getting much sleep lately so I am going to go lay down and catch me a little cat nap . I will talk to you all later . Love and hugs . xoxo 
No matter what obstacles life throws at you , always remember you are strong . I will always believe in you . I will always have faith in you . I will always stand by you . And I will always love you . That's what Mommys are for . <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Children are beautiful , special , and precious ............ Hug your children and tell them that you love them today , tomorrow , EVERYDAY . 
Please put this on\ 
your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who suffers\ 
from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is a real\ 
condition and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a\ 
sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we\ 
... can raise awareness if we copy and paste this as our status .... 93%\ 
won't because they don't know how !! 
It's funny how guys always think that us females are so damn stupid . Kinda makes you sit back and laugh in a way , after you get being pissed . LOL If only they knew us chics are smarter than they think . 
Just a little message to my Daddy ........... HA I win bitch . Now what ? LOL 
I think I need a break from my normal life . 
It never stops amazing me just how stupid you think I am . I actually some what find it funny how you confuse my trying to over look things with stupidity . With as much as I love you ...... I just don't know if I can continue pretending to be blind . 
You and I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR words , what would you\ 
say to me ? ( And if you make a comment , you gotta copy and paste this\ 
in your status -- so I can hit ya back 
~ I've carried a child within my body , I have comforted a baby on my \ 
chest , I have kissed booboos , mended broken hearts , woken up in the \ 
middle of the night to a feverish child & more . But I wouldn't have \ 
it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but ....... when I look\ 
in the mirror I see a mom , and there is no ... greater honor or blessing . \ 
Make this your status if you are proud to be a mom !!! 
I remember a time when we were all younger and rumors didn't matter . We all were friends with people no matter what anyone said . Then , as time went on and we all grew up , everything changed We started letting words control our lives and friendships . Makes you wander if getting older really makes you wiser . Maybe being young and ignorant was when we all at our wisest . 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday and made my birthday so special . I love you all . xoxo 
Hhhhhmmmmm ....... What to dress up as for Halloween ? Maybe the Black Cat from the Spiderman comics . What do you think ? 
Okay , so my friend , Chris , does have a point . My hair is red and the Black Cat's hair is white . So , just for craps and giggles , I want to hear some suggestions my Facebook people . What comic book character or any other costume do you guys think would be a good idea for me to consider ? 
Post this as your status and see what people love about you : ( this could be interesting ) . I love your ______ . 
Figured why not . If you are bored tell me what you think about me . ( 1)Crazy . ( 2)Wish we went out . ( 3)Talkative . ( 4)Sarcastic . ( 5)Beautiful . ( 6)Lovable . ( 7)Adorable . ( 8)Strong . ( 9)Dumb . ( 10)Pretty . ( 11)Spoiled . ( 12)Mouthly . ( 13)Wild . ( 14)Goofy . ( 15)Funny . ( 16)Manipulative . ( 17)Amazing . ( 18)Best Friend . ( 19)Ugly . ( 20)Mean . ( 21)I love you ! (22)Beatch . ( 23)Sexy Mama 
Nothing ever goes as planned . 
It's Husband Appreciation Week ! If you have an amazing husband who's been with you through thick and thin , who has been a true blessing in your life , and to whom you are PROUD be married to today , re-post this with your wedding date-08/12/00 
URGENT PRAYER REQUEST !!! PLEASE RE-POST !! < PROPFEMALE > SCOTT'S 22 MONTH OLD SON SHOT HIMSELFIN THE CHEST WITH A < PROPMALE > NAILER ~ IT WENT IN HIS HEART ~ HE IS NOW IN CRITICALCONDITION AND NOT DOING WELL ~ NEITHER IS HIS MOM ~ PLEASE START A PRAYER CHAIN FOR THIS BABY ~ PLEASE COPY & REPOST AS YOU ... WOULD WANT SOMEONE TO DO IT ... FOR YOU 
I am so bored . * YAWN * 
Amazing how you can make plans and have them shot right out of the damn window because obviously time with you just isn't important anymore . 
Still don't know what to dress up as for Halloween . I have all these ideas , but then something comes up or the costume is sold out . Stressful ! 
Just a little advise to certain men out there ........ you might want to reconsider the thought that us females are so damn stupid because alot of us females are not stupid by a long shot . We know more than you think we do . So , chew on that . Ha !!!!!!!!! :) 
It's Mommy week ! Post this with the date that you first became a mommy ! \ 
May 25th , 2001 . That's the date my life began taking real meaning and I finally started understanding true unconditional love . <3 I love you , Gabryl , Clara , Allison , Joseph , Peter , Emilie , Daniel , and \Baby\ " . Mommy always will ! " 
\Love me without fear . Trust me without questioning . Need me without demanding . Want me without restrictions . Accept me without change . Love me for who i am . \"" 
Happiness is like a butterfly ....... the more you < PROPMALE > it , the more it will elude you . But , if you turn your attention to other things , it will come and sit softly on your shoulder . 
Mistakes are a part of being human . Appreciate your mistakes for what they are .... precious life lessons that can only be learned the hard way . 
What good is Life if you don't Live it ? Take the risk . Love someone . Say the things today instead of waiting til tomorrow . Be the who you truly are . And , do all the things you that make you happy . Get excited . Life is a great big party and a fun ride . Sure , there is bumps and unseen curves , but take them head on . LIVE !!!!!!!! 
Can't sleep . Just wanna scream . What do you do when your brain is going 100 < PROPMALE > an hour ? And , your soul is lost ? What do you do when you know you should tell them ? But , you also know it will break thier heart and end so much ? And , ruin the very life so many know ? 
Well , the day is just beginnig and already I've got a headache , think possibly I made a mistake , and I want to crawl in a hole . And , to top it off I'm actually frickin ' sheding a tear and don't know why . Beautiful f*cking beginning . Can't wait til it is over . Just want this day to end . 
Well , I am okay now . Headache is gone and I'm just not going to worry about hte other stuff . 
Hey , why don't I stop commenting to you until you learn how to respond to someone who doesn't have penis . 
Just got home from work . About to go to bed . Thought I would check up on my FB buddies and family . I will reply to all of you later today . And , Jennifer Weatherly , I will write you back and Love you , Sweetie . 
Going into work tonight at 8 PM . I'm learning so much about bartending . :) It's great ! LOVE IT ! Hope everyone has an amazing time tonight . * MWA * 
Ssssoooo tired ....... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > :P 
Okay ! Just for the record , I did not mean to make anyone mad or upset in any kind of way this past Saturday night . If I did , I apologize , but I had to be into at 8pm and I need my job . I'm sorry I didn't get come see people , but I wish ya'll could just be happy for me because I finally got a job doing something I've wanted to do for years now . 
Wow ...... I guess I really do need to move to Jacksonville . Or ...... just say f*ck it . 
This week has been a bad week . I have to work tonight , so hopefully it will be a good night . Really hope some of you beautiful people come see me at Cheaters ( Days Inn ) tonight . Come me some love people ..... LOL Love ya sexy people . :) 
I'M\ 
A BITCH !!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm a handful , \ 
I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it\ 
is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard\ 
to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell\ 
......... don't deserve me at my best . 
You know , I was pissed off a few minutes ago at the fact of me trying to be nice and grown up about things to a person and them being an asshole , but , you know what .. screw it . Let them be that way . I guess I am just more mature . :P 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you is on my friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy&paste this as ... your ... status . I'll be watching to see wh ... o really does < PROPFEMALE > family&friendship . Thank you for being part of my life 
I love my friends and family . You are all awesome , beautiful people . I am ssssoooo lucky to have you all in my life . <3 
Going into work tonight . Hope it is good night . Hopefully at least one of my beautiful friends will come show me some love . LOL 
Well , we closed early . :( This sucks . 
Uh-oh ....... Here come the duckie lips . LOL :P 
I hope everyone has a fun and happy , yet safe , weekend . Lots love to all my beautiful family and friends . What would I ever do without you . <3 And , Happy Anniversary to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . I love you two and hope you have an anniversary that is as beautiful and wonderful as the both of you are . * MWA * 
I need to get these jeans off , slip into something more comfy and go to sleep . :) 
Have to work tonight . Yay ! LOL Man , I hope we get busy . You shouldn't have to get bored at work . LOL 
I do not have to work saturday night ( tonight ) , so there forI WILL be at Whiskey River . Everyone come < PROPFEMALE > out with me . I loves all you awesome , beautiful people . <3 
It's amazing how you go threw life learning the differences between those who really love you and those who don't and as you get older , you think learned well enough . Then you figure out the hard way you were wrong . 
Ok im playing inbox questions . Send me ur questions and i will respond on my status with no names . this should be fun 
A : No 
A : Yes , I love snow . :) 
A : Nevered laugh at his performance , but I have laughed at a face he made one time . 
A : On your lower stomach . I can't say the other spot . LOL 
Any more questions . If so send them to me in a message . :) 
A : Yes , I do . I loves you bunches . :) 
Keep sending your questions to my inbox and I will answer them when I get back . xoxo Love all you beautiful people . 
Dream , dream , dream is all I do . Dream , dream , dream my whole day and night threw . Some say I'm wasting my wholw day . Some say I'm dreamin ' my life away . But , if dreamin ' is a way to be with all of you , Then may Mommy never awake these eyes of blue . <3 By < PROPFEMALE > <3 
It's amazing how guys are quick to say a chic is beautiful when she is basically naked , but not when she is fully clothed . 
When it gets to the point where they are an hour late getting home and when they are home they spend more time on a damn game chatting , well , that's when you need to say , \Kiss it ! \ " and go out for fun with your friends . " 
I'd like to play a little game with you all . Every woman you know on Facebook that you think is beautiful , sexy , seductive , an angel , intelligent , mysterious , and one in million all rolled into one ; go to those womens profiles and simply just post \YOU ! \"" 
I feel like crap this morning . I drank too much last night . Still going out tonight to Whiskey River here in Starke , but there is no way I'm drinking as much as I did last night . 
Beer <3 
I'm so bloated . I feel so fat . This sucks ! I really need to exercise more and get some Midol . 
So , I got a phone call when I got home last night and I'm just gonna say this .... I do not give a damn what anyone says , I DO NOT do drugs , not even pills . So , before running your mouth , get your damn facts straight . 
WTH does it mean if someone ask you if you have ever given a dutch oven to someone ? 
I am so ready for Thanksgiving . MMMMMMMMMM ......... My Momma'a potato salad and million dollar pie . YUM !!!! 
It's silly to avoid life . 
My life sucks . Sitting here at my Momma's house waiting a little bit longer to see if they're coming home . If not it's walking back home and I guess I'll try to see the family tomorrow . 
Thank you , Dear Lord , for the Angels you sent from up above to my children . My babies needed them and you sent them . Thank you ! 
Well , it is 10 pm and no Momma and family . This sucks ! I guess it's time to just go ahead and walk back home now . At least it is not as cold as it was last night . 
Well , I'm up ! Time for another meaningless day in the life of < PROPFEMALE > . Be glad when it's over . 
Yesterday was my beautiful little Alli < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday . She's 7 years now . Happy Birthday , Baby . Mommy loves you so much . 
Have you ever had one of the days where you think so much that your head and your heart starts hurting ? 
You know , it is so pathetic when people want to accuse someone of doing or saying crap that didn't , especially when before accusing maybe they should look in the mirror . Kinda makes me laugh . 
I remember the day you passed away . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke my heart to prove to me , He only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in Heaven that ... you ... miss every day . Mommy misses you and Loves you , Emilie < PROPFEMALE > Baker , more than words could ever say . 
There comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and the people who create it and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good . After all , life is too short to be anything but happy . 
I just realize something that I totally agree with . There really should be a Rehab for Stupidity . 
It's being a MOTHER , NOT WEAKNESS !!!!!!!! 
Isn't it funny how truly IGNORANT some people really are ? I sure think so . 
Okay ! No one to chit-chat with . Guess I'll get off here now . Hope all of my friends , Facebook friends , and family have the Happiest Thanksgiving yet . I am very thankful for you ALL . Don't know what I'd do without you ALL . Lots of Love to ALL . 
So , far Thanksgiving is okay . Except for the fact that my brother , Jeremy , still won't speak to me just because of things he's heard . It bothers me more than I let it show and be known . I've always been so close to him . It sucks when all you want to do is cry on a holiday that should be happy . 
is sitting here with a smile . 
It never stops amazing me how they will lie straight to your face because they think you are stupid , when in all actuallity they are the ones who are stupid for under estimating you . 
Take the time today to stop and think about someone special that makes you smile and ........ SMILE !!!!!!!! 
Trying to figure out why I am being ignored . 
I got some much needed sleep and I feel okay . I also got to hear fom a very dear and beautiful friend after I awoke . :) And , I smiled today . :) Hope all you wonderful people had a great day . 
I'm still sick . This so sucks . But , hey , it could be worse . Loves all you wonderful people and hope everyone is having an awesome night . 
WHY IS A CHRISTMAS TREE BETTER THAN A MAN ? IT STAYS UP FOR 12 DAYS & NIGHTS , HAS CUTE BALLS & LOOKS GOOD WITH THE LIGHTS ON !!!! KEEP THIS GOING GIRLS !!!!!!!! :o ) ~ 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . \ Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are !!! " 
Tears can sometimes be more special than smiles . For smiles can be given to anyone , but tears are only shed for people we Love . 
So , who else out there in Facebook land can't sleep and hasn't went to bed yet ? 
Life is not a written book you can pick up and read . It is a journal waiting for you to fill the pages . 
Change your profile picture to one of your favorite cartoon characters from your childhood and ask your friends to do the same . The point of the game ? To have no human faces on Facebook only childhood memories by Monday to fight child abuse . Copy and paste to spread the word . 
< PROPFIRST > and I are looking for a new place to live . Wish us luck . :) 
I need addresses of family and friends on here , so I can send out the Christmas cards . :) Send me in private message . Loves all you awesome people ! <3 
I WILL TALK TO WHOMEVER I CHOOSE AND IF CERTAIN PEOPLE DON'T LIKE OH WELL . GET OVER IT . IT IS MY LIFE , MY DECISION , MY DAMN CHOICE . I CAN BE FRIENDS WITH WHOMEVER I WANT TO . AND , NO , JAMES , I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT YOU , BABE . I LOVE YOU ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I put up the little tree we got in memory of < PROPFEMALE > . <3 It's < PROPFEMALE>'s very own Christmas tree . It is so pretty and cute . :) 
(¯`v´¯)\ 
` *.¸.* ´ ~ Please pass this heart around in memory of all our loved ones at Christmas time , for those that have sadly passed away , they may be gone but never ever forgotten . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all our angels ...... 
The holidays makes Mommy miss you even more . 
Full blooded Beagle puppy for sale . Message me for info if intrested . 
Working on my website . * yawn * So tired , but I really want to get it up and running . It's special . 
Have you poked today ? LOL 
? Name the one thing you love the most about me . <3 
Don't you just loved being ignored ? 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIEND LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LET'S SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & .... FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL !!!! 
Okay . Look , all you guys and girls who are down just because someone you liked or loved isn't here with you or screwed you over , please cheer up . Things happen . It's life . Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it . People are going to come and go threw out your whole life . You just have to decide if they are worth remembering or simply just a detour along the way to the one worth your time . 
Why do people promise you things that get your hopes up just to turn around and not do what they promised ? 
I really don't know what to say other than , \Why ? \ " :( " 
I am so lite headed , pale as heck , and look AND feel like crap . YAY !!!!!!!! Lucky frickin ' me . 
Just want to say Happy New Year to all you wonderful , beautiful people . And , thank you all for being so awesome and always having such kind words . Lots of to you all . 
My arms are so sore . Had an IV in both arms from Monday night until this afternoon . It sucked . I couldn't bend my arms . Both my hands are sore , too . The nurses stuck me with needles in the top of both my hands . I get to go back for more needles in 4 weeks . YAY !!!!!!!! Loves all my family and friends . 
Well , so far so good . I am still feeling better . :) 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Bargeron , < PROPFEMALE > Linton , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Hope you guys have the best one yet . Loves you guys . :) 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world . Who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you . Who works hard and would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful for everyday , and who you would not want to live without ... then repost this as your status . <3 I Love You , James Baker !!!!!!!! <3 
Why is it that just because I don't have a permanent injury from a doctor's malpractice , that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > law firm won't take my case ? Regardless of the fact that I don't have a permanent injury , I still could of died because of that doctor's malpractice . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > Barnes and < PROPFIRST > New . Hope you two have a wonderful day . 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > Kroeger and < PROPFEMALE > Stevens . Hope you both have an awesome day . 
Wishing < PROPFIRST > Baker would hurry up and get home . I miss my Snugglebear . :( 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
If you have wonderful FB friends , put this on your wall . \ 
I have many .... Thank you , for being you . I Love You ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
Guess what . I'm over it . Tell people what you want and they can believe what they want . Life is too damn short for me to keep worring about what bs lies you are going to tell people and to keep worring about your damn drama . Have fun with that . And when those bridges get burned , do not come to me because I'm not getting wrapped up in your bs anymore . 
Okay . Look . Here's how it is . < PROPFIRST > ( Iggy ) isn't perfect , and he can be an a$$hole sometimes , and he may say or do things people don't like , and he may piss me off to the point I want to punch him in the face , and he's made me cry before ,........ but I love him , I'm in-love with him , and I am GLADLY spending my life with him . I don't care who likes it and who don't . So , GET OVER IT . 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping , or whom we have carried but never met , or those we have held but could not take home , or the ones that came home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status , if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still ... a taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of all angels 2 perfect for Earth ! 
Okay , Facebook friends , I seriously need some help . If any of you know of a place here in Starke that is for rent between $300 and $600 , PLEASE let me know . Thank you . 
So , it's almost 3am . I guess I'll go to bed now . LOL \ 
Good night and sweet dreams to all you beautiful Facebook people . Lots of love to you . 
Who is going to the awesome place called Whiskey River tonight ? Raise your hand . YAY !!!!!!!! :) 
Headed to Whiskey River to see some awesome people . :) 
The homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment/supplies . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping are own first . 1% will re- post and 99% wont . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% 
So , I'm sitting here bored and decided to post some stuff I wrote in my notes on here . I'll more than likely post more tomorrow because I'm sure I'll be bored tomorrow , too . 
Going to Whiskey River with my Snugglebear to meet < PROPMALE > Petty and < PROPFEMALE > Balog , two wonderful friends . 
I had the best time at Whiskey River Saloon ( Starke Florida ) this weekend . < PROPFEMALE > Stoppelbein and < PROPMALE > Stoppelbein were freaking awesome as always . < PROPFEMALE > Minshew and < PROPFIRST > were wonderful . I got to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > Petty , < PROPFEMALE > Balog , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > erts , and other awesome people . It was AWESOME !!!!!!!! 
I love my Snugglebear !!!!!!!! 
Copy & Paste this as your status , and see what people rate you ::\ 
1 . Violent . \ 
2 . Id marry you . \ 
3 . Sweet . \ 
4 . Beautiful . \ 
5 . Talkative . \ 
6 . Trustworthy . \ 
7 . My best friend . \ 
8 . Funny . \ 
9 . I hate you . \ 
10 . I love you . \ 
11 . Perfect type . \ 
12 . Missing you . \ 
13 . Retard . \ 
14 . Sexy . \ 
15 . One of the best people ive ever met . \ 
16 . Genius . \ 
17 . I wish we were going out . \ 
18 . You are my world 
I'm so bored . My Mommy said I can go outside . Will someone come play with me ? :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > won't let me pick on him . I'm telling my Mommy . LOL 
Okay people , comment telling me your favorite band and song by that band . I'm just curious . :) 
Let's play a game . After this I am going to post song lyrics as my status and I want to see if you can name the song and what band it's by . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is such a Sweetheart and one the best people you will ever meet . :) 
I can't handle all this pain . All we ever do is fight anyway . Why we even try , I haven't a clue . When hearts involved , there's way too much to lose . I don't want to see you or feel you . I don't want to look into your eyes . I don't want to touch you or miss you . I just want to love your memory tonight . 
Happy , happy , joy , joy ........ LOL ........ I love Ren and Stimpy . :) 
Well , I'm feeling a little lite headed and I'm kinda tired . I think I am going to lye down for a bit . Hope you all have a good day . I'll talk to you all later today . :) 
Tosh . O is shot the h3ll out . LOL 
This sucks . I don't feel well . My head hurts , I'm worried about Tina , and I can't sleep . Going to attempt to lay down again . Maybe I'll actually fall asleep this time . Lots of Love to you all . May you all have a good day . 
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets . So love the people who treat you right , and forget about the who don't . Believe that everything happens for a reason . If you get a chance , take it . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said that it would be easy . They just promised it would be worth it . :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is a damn good friend with a heart of gold . He is amazing just the way he is . :) 
I am nice to people . I am the kind of person who is there for my friends and family . I do like making people smile . I do help any way I can . And , yes , I am gullable at times and made out to be the fool . That's just me . It's parts of who I am . Would you rather me be a bitch ? 
I'm getting off here for now . Mind is racing . Maybe I'll talk to ya'll later . Hope you all have a good night . 
Yes , I'm back on here already . I need something to do . God , will it ever end ? 
Anyone got any idea of a good free mp3 converter ? 
Before you want to go and PM me running your mouth to me , saying I'm a whiny bitch who is bringing everyone down and whining over trivial shit , maybe you should get your damn facts straight first . Last time I fucking checked being hurt over your daughter passing away wasn't fucking trivial . So , FUCK YOU ! 
I apologize to all my friends and family for my bad language on my previous status . It just makes me so mad when people run their mouths about stuff they know nothing about . And , it is bs that someone would run their mouth just because you post what you feel . 
I think I'm chatting my < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , to death again ........ LOL 
Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > Parrish-Starling and < PROPFEMALE > Roberson Cribbs for joining In Loving Memory of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Baker . You don't know how much I really appreciate all the support . <3 
I am going to bed now . Good night and sweet dreams to all . Loves you all and feel so lucky to have so many beautiful people in my life . Ya'll have made such a difference in my life and my heart . Thank you all ! <3 
So , I have decided it is best if I put my need for a friend to the side because that friend isn't feeling great right now and I want him to feel better , so I'm not worried about me . More worried about my < PROPMALE > . 
Some people are so blind and so damn mean . I don't even care anymore . I just can't do this shit anymore . I love you all and I thank you all for everything you have tried to do . But , it's done . :( 
I want to thank < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > for being such an amazing friend . You listened to my problem even though you aren't feeling well . You made me feel better . I only wish I could do the same for you , < PROPFIRST > . Thank you . :) 
Any guy can love a thousand girls ,........ but only a rare guy can love just one girl in a thousand ways . 
A man sees himself through the eyes of the woman he loves . 
In every girls life there will always be those three guys ... the one she loves , the one she hates , and the one she can't live without ... and in the end ... they're all the same guy . 
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered ; the point is to DISCOVER THEM . 
What time is < PROPMALE > Hewitt open til at Wal*Mart today ? Does anyone know ? 
Getting offline now . Too frickin'aggrevated . 
Sometimes it is better to smile in front of everyone than to cry all alone . 
\You can close your eyes to things you don't\ 
I think that the only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the only things that dont change ; when everybody and everyting else does . 
Somebody please tell me what time < PROPMALE > Hewitt at Wal*Mart of Starke closes today . PLEASE !!!!!!!! 
It is so funny when people act like someone they are NOT . I don't even care anymore . My life will go on without you . I love you , but I can not do the lies and bs anymore . 
Vicaden is the shit . No pain . No pain . Awesome . To the doctor at the hospital , You are the man . 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Baker . I love you , Beautiful Little < PROPFEMALE > . Mommy misses you . 
I feel like $hit . Why do I even bother ? I should of kept my mouth shut . But , stupid me , I was doing what I thought was right for someone I care about . Now he's hurt and it's my fault . Maybe I just need to disappear . :( 
It's cool . Be mad at me . I was doing what I thought was the right thing to do . I do NOT regret trying to be a good friend . And , I would do it again if I thought that it would keep someone from getting hurt in the long run . I'm not going to stop caring about people . I have a heart . 
It's never easy when someone in your family passes away . My heart and prayers < PROPFEMALE > Hornsby Hull and the rest of our family . I love you , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Post this as your status & see what you get . \ 
GOLD : Be my < PROPFIRST > this year ? \ 
RED : I used to like you . \ 
ORANGE : Will you be mine ? \ 
YELLOW : I think your cute . \ 
............ GREEN : I wanna mess around . \ 
PINK : I love you . \ 
PURPLE : I wanna chill . \ 
BLUE : I like you . \ 
BLACK : I wanna kiss you .. 
You know , it sucks when you're a smoker and don't have any cigs . Couldn't file my taxes today , no check , and no money . Can we say , \AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH \"?" 
You've got to take the good with the bad , smile with the sad , love what you've got , and remember what you had . Always forgive , but never forget . Learn from mistakes , but never regret . 
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . 
Always put yourself in the other's shoes . If you feel that it\ 
hurts you , it probably hurts the person too . 
Never allow someone to be your priority while you're just their option 
Being sad with the right people is better than being happy with the wrong ones . 
In the words of my oldest daughter ........ \My eyes is crazy ! \ " LOL\ 
Sometimes you just can’t open up to someone . \ 
Not because you don’t trust them . \ 
But because once you tell someone how you feel inside , you’re giving them permission to hurt you 
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good . 
* Attention * < PROPFIRST > is in need of Platelets for transfusion , If you are a negative blood type and can donate , would you please come to shands at Gainesville ( Main Hospital ) and donate ? Copy and repost on your walls as well please .. Thanks so much .!! 
It's not right to treat other people like crap just because one person treated you like crap . :( 
PLEASE HELP ! 52 thoroughbred horses need homes . Will go to Sugarcreek this Saturday for slaughter . Gentleman died & his son wants nothing to do with them . Most broodmares are broke & some are in foal weanling , yearlings , 2yrs & 3yrs . old most are gelded . FREE & papered . Friend of the deceased is trying to find homes 440-463-4288 or 440-463-4288 . Barnesville , oh . Please copy & paste this on your status . Please help . 
I am so tired of people PRETENDING to be my friend and PRETENDING to care about me and talking shit about me behind my back . I'm done with the bullshit . I don't need it . I've got REAL FRIENDS and I have MY FAMILY . Have a good life . 
It is so funny how much of a BACK STABBER a certain person is that LIED and PRETENDED to be such a sweet , caring , true friend . LOL ........ It's okay . THE TRUTH WILL COME OUT . 
Time to take a happy pill . :) LOL 
Remember , what people say about you behind your back doesn't even matter . Their words WILL NOT make or break you . :) 
Why are you so stupid today ? Anyway , I think it's very typical of you . LMAO 
It is strange how often a heart must be broken before the years can make it wise . 
We all lose friends .. we lose them in death , to distance and over time . But even though they may be lost , hope is not . The key is to keep them in your heart , and when the time is right , you can pick up the friendship right where you left off . Even the lost find their way home when you leave the light on 
Friendship isn't about whom you have known the longest ... It's about who came , and never left your side . 
“Truly great friends are hard to find , difficult to leave , and impossible to forget . ” 
Never explain yourself . Your friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe it . ” 
These days flattery wins friends , truth begets hatred . 
A friendship that can cease has never been real . 
If you have a Best Friend who's made you laugh ... Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy ... Got mad at you ... Watched you succeed ... Saw you fall ... Picked you back up ... Cheered you on ... Had your back , ready to fight the person who made you mad ... & all of these things made your friendship stronger & you can't do without their friendship PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS and see if they know who they are . 
I just realized how completely yukky ugly I look without make-up . LOL ........ Now I remember why I wear it . 
Just got home with my hubby and my daddy from shooting pool . Going out to Whiskey River with my sister , < PROPFEMALE > Brewer , technically , tonight for her birthday . :) Can't wait . I love her . We are going to have so much fun and take so many pictures together . :) I love you , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Me and my sister , < PROPFEMALE > Brewer , are going to Whiskey River to party down for her birthday tonight . Time to dance , have fun , and plenty of pictures of me and my sister for wonderful memories to look back on . :) I love you , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My Momma had to go to the hospital by ambulance . We will be getting a late start . Will not leave out until we know know our Momma is okay . 
My Momma is okay . :) She is breathing good now and she will be home in a few minutes . I love you , Momma . 
If you think I am a good friend , like this status\ 
If you like me , comment this status\ 
If you ever had a crush on me , poke me\ 
If you hate me , message me why\ 
If your not scared , post this on your wall and see what you get ... 
Here's a question for you Facebook friends . If you tell a person that someone else has pill addiction and they need help to quit , is it right for the person you told to turn around and give pills to the one with the pill addiction ? 
I am a nice person and don't like being mean , but right about now , yeah , I am going to be mean . A certain somebody needs to stop thinking everything I post is about him . And , if he has something to say about anything I post , then say it to me . I love my sister and am really tired of him upsetting her . Now , here ya go . This is about him . 
Hanging out with my beautiful sister , < PROPFEMALE > Brewer , again tonight . I'm really enjoying my time with her . It's been a long time since we've just < PROPMALE > out and went some place together . We're going to have a blast tonight . :) 
When impressing your friend becomes so important that you don't care about if it hurts the woman you ( supposedly ) love , then maybe it's time for you to think and decide if you even really want to be her anymore and just stop making her cry . 
I'm not a perfect girl . My hair doesn't always stay in place . I spill things alot . I can pretty clumsy at times . I have a broken heart . My friends and I sometimes fight . And , maybe some days nothing goes right . But , when I think about it and take a step back , I remember how amazing life truly is and that maybe , just maybe , I LIKE BEING UNPERFECT . 
Well , my sister told me why she walked off from the guys house and that is some really messed up crap . I never would of thought that about him . 
Well , apparently he ISN\T really like that . I am so glad . :) " 
If you're not afraid , put this on your status and see what people rate you ; ( 1) = crazy ( 2)=I'd marry you ( 3) = attractive ( 4) = sarcastic ( 5) = I miss you ( 6)=I'd kiss you ( 7) = moody ( 8) = smart ( 9) = energetic ( 10) = random ( 11) = hot ( 12) = funny ( 13) = fit ( 14) = amazing ( 15) = tough ( 16) = cute ( 17) = beautiful ......... ( 18) = nerd ( 19) = adorable ( 20) = I love you 
Sitting here at 7 am eating a salad and watching Seeter on Youtube . What a way to start the day ........ LOL 
Always ditched . Always last on your list . Always left behind . Friendships ruined . Nothing to say . It wouldn't matter anyway . Not going to yell or argue . I surrender . I GIVE UP !!!!!!!! Let these tears fall as they may . F*ck it , right ........ It'll all be okay . 
Just want to say I loves you all and miss you all bunches . I am truly greatful for everyone of you . < PROPFEMALE > Stoppelbein , Fritz Stoppelbein , < PROPFIRST > Baker , < PROPFEMALE > Minshew , < PROPFIRST > Minshew , Kevin , and everyone else at Whiskey River Saloon ( Starke Florida ) , thank you for making saturday night so awesome . Lots of Love to YALL ! 
