I fear another season of the Vols being on the bottom of the food chain . 

off to work .... at least its a place I don't mind going to 
back from work .. still no good news 
back from ... finally the bad news I was dreading . 
Everclear 100%distilled grain the best goodnights sleep you can buy good ni ....... 
Lets see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my \ 
friend list ..., as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! \ 
I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see \ 
who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as\ 
your status . I'll be watching to see who really does ch ..... 
microbiology sucks something fierce ! 
A win for the Steelers WTF !!? Such BS ! 
Every person has 1000 wishes ; a cancer patient only one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer or is a survivor . 
A military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . Re-post if you are in the military , love a military member , are a veteran , or appreciate our troops . 
A simple good deed that everyone could easily do ... no money to be spent , no commitment of time , just sign a petition on sudanactionnow.org, to put pressure on the powers that be to stop the civil war getting ready to happen in Sudan & keep Southren Sudan a free independent country . 
Somewhere right now a nurse is getting yelled at for being late with pain meds while holding her bladder because she doesn't have time to pee , starving because she missed her break , being pooped/peed/bled on , and is missing her family while taking care of yours . In the minute you took to read this , nurses all over the world are saving lives . Re-post this if you are a nurse , love a nurse , or appreciate one 
thank you to all the veterans who sacrificed so that we can live free in the most kick ass country in the world , also happy bday USMC 
For the ones you care about , think twice & hard , hesitate , before saying or doing anything mean & harsh esp out of pride or anger , don't think twice or hesitate to say something nice or what you really want to say or do because you may not get a second < PROPMALE > to fix what you messed up or say what you wanted to say 
... there is nothing quite as painful as knowing you made a wrong turn & the only way to get back is over the bridges you burned :( 
Cant wait to break in my new Zemgear Ninja high running shoes 
< PROPFEMALE>'s new natural cut fries w sea salt ... tasty awesomeness 
wish I was watching some football 
> ......... L o Ng l i vE tHe St EeL C Urt A iN . \ 
*\ 
GO Steelers *\ 
* 
word of caution don't go to E . Walmart its worst than Xmas < PROPFEMALE > took a 1/2 hour to get pedilyte & baby immodium ..... if 1 more person ran into my cart or took up the whole aisle I wouldve went Spartan on them 
