In Hawaii !!!!!!!! It is so incredibly beautiful here . I know I'm not going to want to leave ! 

just finished her application and is ready to send it over tomorrow ! Here's hoping ! 
We got an accepted offer on a house !!!! 
Apparently the people at the Knox County Clerks office don't want me to be able to change my name . I am getting fed up ! 
is so in love with her husband ! 
Still feels really sick :( 
I still feel like crap . Someone please rip out my stomach ! 
Wants to get the photos uploaded to the walgreens website so I can order prints , but someone HAS to be online , cause , you know , it's more important than ordering our wedding pictures ! :/ 
Who wants to see Too White Crew with me at the Taste of < PROPFEMALE > ? C'mon ... you know you want too ! 
Back from GenCon ! It was fun , but I'm glad it was only 4 days ! 
I have been so incredibly exhausted lately , and I have no idea why . 
just got my new driver's license with my new name and address ! I just hope everything goes well with the closing ! 
just got home from a family reunion at Lake Bloomington ! I miss my family so much ! Thanks for the food and socialization today ! 
woke up feeling bad , and is now feeling worse :( 
Taste of < PROPFEMALE > today ! Jessy's coming up too and we're going to see TWC downtown 7:30 pm ! It's looking to be a good day ! 
Had a great time at the Taste of < PROPFEMALE > yesterday . It was awesome to see TWC again and even more awesome to see Jessy again ! 
Num nums 
is tired , as usual :/ 
didn't get out of work until 6pm , has to work this weekend , and her husband is out of town . Not a fun weekend :( 
grrr , work tomorrow :( 
work was very long this weekend ... definitely taking my full day off tomorrow . 
so , my cats have figured out how to open the top cabinets in the kitchen ! There was catnip everywhere this morning ! 
Going to do the final walk-thru and then close on our new house !!!! 
thinks you should come see her new house ! 
not feeling well , but I have a lot to do today :( 
is not feeling well today 
Still not feeling well and I have to work this weekend :( Early to bed I think . 
Got some more stuff put away , going to bed way later than I should be though since I have to work at the butt-crack of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I've spent my life so far with aspirations of being successful professionally , and now I'm really depressed because I feel like it's never going to happen . I'm not sure how to deal with a let down that big . I just hope I'm wrong . 
got an awesome hair cut for only $23 ! Got lucky at Cost Cutters ! 
my throat is killing me ! I can hardly swallow ! This sucks a lot ! 
Feeling better , still have a little cough and trouble breathing , but better . 
Got off work early today , so I'm vegging for a little while < PROPFIRST>'s gone . Maybe I'll rake a little later . 
Had a good cardio kickboxing class , now i'm tired . 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT .... 3 YEAR OLD BOY HAS BEEN TAKEN FROM ROCHESTER , BY A MAN DRIVING A MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE , PLATE NUMBER 98B351 ,... PLEASE PUT THIS ON YOUR STATUS SO IT MOVES ALL ACCROSS FACEBOOK ... 
No ring for a week while it's getting fixed :( I feel so naked without it . 
Kind of boring first day at my new job , but it should be great once I get past the training period . 
Why is my life so boring ? Stuck in < PROPFEMALE > with nothing to do on Halloween . Plus , how lame is it that Trick-or-Treating is from 11am to 6pm ? 
Busy , busy , busy ! 
I have a cat on me right now . How can he be so adorable sometimes and such a terror others ? 
Loooong day at work ! I'm glad it's the weekend ! 
Spent way to much time shopping today , but I managed to get a good supply of long-sleeve shirts so I shouldn't freeze this winter ! 
Is tomorrow really Monday ?! /sad face 
:/ 
Beer : 30 was great ! Thanks for inviting me guys ! 
Feel sick to my stomach and got very little sleep last night because of it :( 
again ?! 
Still feel like crap :( 
definitely got a new Honda CR-V today ! 
Good day at work , but not so much tonight ' cause < PROPFIRST>'s stuck in Milwaukee for until tomorrow for work , so I have to be home by myself . We might have a snow day tomorrow , but I don't know how I feel about it , not getting paid for it and all . Oh well . 
So , I spent two hours shoveling the drive this morning , a half hour of which was with the help from a neighboor and his snowblower . Otherwise it probably would have taken me 3-4 hours . Man am I sore now , but snow day at work , so I guess I can rest a little , not that I can make it down my street anyway ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
blah 
Just a half day tomorrow then no work until after the New Year ! I can make it ! 
Just got back from the eye doctor . My pupils are very dilated ! 
I'm thinking bed now . 
is a sleepy homunculus 
Choir audition tonight ! 
Be very careful if you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved . Copy and paste if you agree . 
Stupid Day ! 
Can it be the weekend yet , or at least not today ? 
Craft time is extended by four hours today ! 
worked out extra hard today , and I feel good ! 
Monday blah 
So ... new hair color tomorrow . What should it be ? 
After a crappy day I was looking forward to a new hair color and style , but alas , the fates are against me . No new color for me today . I guess it fits the day I've had . 
Better day today than yesterday , but still nothing to write home about . 
So glad it's Friday evening ! 
Great time at Pedros with my Deibel buddies ! It was great to see you guys ! 
had a teeth cleaning this morning and made an appointment to get my wisdom teeth pulled in two weeks :/ plus a long day at work ! 
Go weekend , Go ! 
just found out she can hide the updates from other peoples ' games like \Farmville\ " and \ " Mafia Wars\ " !!!!!! I'm so happy ! " 
Feeling pretty icky today :( 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! < PROPFIRST > and I have been together almost 6 years and we've been married about 7 1/2 months ! I love him so much ! 
has a dry socket :( 
My body really didn't like having four teeth removed :( 
is still in a lot of pain :( Hopefully some medicine will help . 
Blah ! 
USA vs . Canada in the gold medal hockey game ! Does it get any better ?! 
stupid coughing 
I miss my husband , but seeing family and friends is good ! 
Too White Crew will be here in < PROPFEMALE > Saturday , March 20 , 2010 at Scatz ! Let me know if you want to go with me ! It will be awesome ! 
I hope I'm not getting sick again :( 
TWC this weekend , new Coach purse , wallet and wristlet , new tennies , now if only I can kick this illness ... 
The verdict is in and it's Bronchitis :( 
I miss my husband and I don't feel well :( 
Sigh , it's still only Tuesday :/ 
I can't sleep :( 
Blah , that is all . 
It's going to be a long day :/ 
After a long , monotonous day in the dry room , I got to spend a couple hours outside learning about my landscaping and garden . 
Congratulations to one of my best friends on her engagement ! 
Is very frustrated today . Actually , I'm just down right mad ! 
After almost 3 hours of clearing out dead plants , some Bertolli for dinner , and some wine , I am ready for bed ! 
I don't think I am going to like the kids next door . The first encounter I had with them was right after moving into the house and they were running through our bushes trying to get their cat . Then , today I found them on our property throwing our rocks down our pathway along the side of our house . Nope , I don't like this at all . 
Is feeling a myriad of feelings/emotions right now , but I suppose it's better than not feeling anything at all . 
Day one of my new workout , and I've done really well . I just hope I can stay dedicated to it ! 
Has the beginnings of a migrane which has a very good < PROPMALE > of impeding her daily work out :/ 
The new Squidd CD is out and available on iTunes and cdbaby.com . Check it out and buy it !!!!!!!!! 
Hey ! Squidd released their album ! It's available for purchase on iTunes and cdbaby.com . Check it out , buy it , love it , recommend it and write a review ! 
I think I enjoyed my Kempo workout a little too much yesterday . My arms hurt ! 
Wishes I could have a Flunk Day ! 
Go Blackhawks ! 
Bored 
Please let this medicine work fast ! 
:( 
Goin to get my hair did ! 
headachey :( 
My brain needs to stop taking breaks when I am trying to talk and start taking them when I want to sleep . 
Cats are off to the vet to get groomed ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Squidd cd release party !!!!!!!! Get out here ! 
I got my old passport back ! 
Squidd definitely rocked it tonight ! What an awesome show ! Way to go guys ! 
Started my day off by getting up at 5:00 am . Yikes ! 
Anyone in the < PROPFEMALE > area know who I can call to get bushes trimmed , or possibly removed ? 
I really hate my sinuses ! 
WTF ! Come on Hawks ! Bring it in overtime ! 
Hawks Win !!!!!! 
I've lived in Wisconsin almost four years now and just found out last night that one cannont purchase alcohol from a store past 9:00 pm . WTF ! 
Up early tomorrow to pack , then work , then flying out to DC for some Smithsonion action with my husband of 1 year Sunday ! Love you Babe ! 
Likes vacation , but hates travel ! 
Taxi on my way to the hotel . I can't wait to sleep ! 
Good day , but my feet hurt ! 
Feet hurt even more today ! 
Time for some relaxation ! 
I really hate insurance companies . 
It's official , I'm going to the UK ! I'll see you soon < PROPFEMALE > ! 
was actually fairly productive this weekend and took down the wallpaper in the master bath ! Now I just need to paint it :/ 
5 days 
had a yummy All- < PROPFEMALE > n dinner ( hamburgers , corn on the cob and mashed potatoes ) because , let's face it , it's the fourth , and because it is my last dinner in < PROPFEMALE > for a couple weeks ( sad face ) . 
Off to a super start so far : the bus to O'Hare was late , then stop-and-go traffic on the interstate , so the driver decided to try to bypass it by going through Stoughton , but ended up getting lost . When we finally get to Janesville I have to switch buses . To top it all off I feel nauseous ! 
Waiting to board my flight to Dublin . 
is in Cardiff ... 
Starting my first full day in Cardiff . So , nine days ' till home . 
misses her husband and kitties a lot ! 
Had a great time tonight ! I went ice skating for the first time ever with < PROPFEMALE > ( I didn't fall once ! ) , and then we went out dancing with the Cardiff crew ! Super fun ! 
Caerphilly Castle earlier and Cardiff Bay later ! 
Admiral ! There be whales here ! 
Wow , just 4 more days then ... 
Just two days of work in Cardiff , then I'm on a plane back home to my hubby and kitties ! 
Last night in Cardiff and I'm actually a bit sad to go . 
Will be back in < PROPFEMALE > in 2.5 hours ! 
is feeling really , really stressed ! 
My throat hurts a lot ! :( 
My throat still hurts a lot :( This sucks ! 
Loved the thunderstorms last night , but now we have a lot of water in our basement as well as some sediment . :( 
Anyone want to come clean my house for me ? It needs to be done , but I'm still sick and I just plain don't feel like doing it ! 
really hates not being able to breath through her nose . 
Painted my bathroom today with help from < PROPFIRST > ! It still needs another coat , but it already looks a million times better than it used to ! 
has had a horrible headache since about 2pm this afternoon and it's not going away ! :( 
Had a great time with friends and family last night ! Thanks for the fun ! 
Nothing like spending time on a Sunday doing work . Yuck ! 
Almost to Indianapolis ! GenCon starts tomorrow ! 
Picking up my badge ! Ahh , GenCon ! 
Swing dancing time ! 
2HG with < PROPFIRST > ! Hope I'm not too bad ! 
I think I want to take up glass jewelry making as a hobby . 
Really isn't looking forward to work . 
Too White Crew will be at the Taste of < PROPFEMALE > again this year ! They will be performing Saturday , September 4 , 2010 at the Taste of < PROPFEMALE > at 5:00 pm and then at an after party at Scatz Nightclub ! Anyone care to join me ?! 
is not feeling many happy , positive emotions right now . 
just got some sad news about my backyard neighbor . Apparently he was in a bad car crash just a couple streets over on Monday and he died . I've only talked with him a few times , but he was very nice and my thoughts go out to his family . 
Had a beautiful day out with < PROPFEMALE > and Wioleta ... Farmer's Market , State Street shopping , lunch at the Weary with < PROPFEMALE > and then a trip to the < PROPFIRST > Vilas Zoo ! 
Yummy breakfast at the Pancake Cafe followed by a trip to Target and then Olbrich Botanical Gardens . Not only do I get to show Bec and Wioleta cool things , but it's a treat for me too ! 
Ok , let's do this ! 
Ran longer than I thought I would . I guess I'm not as out of shape as I thought ! Thanks for going to the track with me < PROPFIRST > ! 
doesn't understand 
All of the frustration and stress from work this past week ( and especially Friday ) have not only taken a toll on me emotionally , but have affected me physically as well . I think I am getting sick ... again . :( 
Family reunion . I hope spending time with family will make me feel better . 
Does the weekend have to be over already ? 
Still coughing and talking weird . :( 
Well , I figure I either have sinusitis or laryngitis . Either way there's nothing I can do but rest , drink fluids and wait it out . 
Taste of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Still sick . I wish I could kick this . 
Happy one year anniversary house ! 
is extremely glad that the Monday workday is over ! 
Thanks cats for leaving us a little mouse . Unfortunately , this one was not the same one that fell from the basement ceiling a couple weeks ago . 
Headache , headache , go away ! 
Pets are expensive 
likes it on the kitchen counter . 
Wicked ! 
< PROPMALE > ! The perfect end to an awesome weekend relaxing with my wonderful husband ! 
Today was just one of those days ... :/ 
Long day at work . Ready for the weekend . Miss my husband . That is all . 
is really disappointed with the election results and wants to move out of WI . Actually , can I move out of the country instead ? 
Got my kiln today ! Now I just need to figure out where to put it :/ 
Migrane :( 
Going to get some supplies for my kiln ! 
Came home early from work and took a nap to try to feel better . My stomach is feeling better , but my head is still killing me . At least I can have no lights on here rather than the glaring ones at the lab . 
Got some glass supplies from my mom as an early birthday present ! Thanks Mom !!!! 
Had a great weekend . It was great to see family and friends ! 
I realize I live in Wisconsin but come on people ! What is so hard about not putting cheese on my sandwich ?! Grrr !!!!! 
Was given the < PROPMALE > to get off work early today and definitely took it ! 
has spent my day off feeling very sick and I'm not getting any better . Super ! 
Definitely still feeling sick :( 
still feeling sick , but I've decided to finally run my pre-fire on my kiln so I can hopefully start fusing some glass ! 
Still snowing ! 
Dear Target customer who decided to park so close to my driver's side door that I could only get in my car through the passenger side , You are a < PROPMALE > JERK ! Thanks a lot ! 
Apparently , heated glass gives off a bad odor . It's a good thing I have the kiln in a separate room . I had to open the windows in that room ! 
Stupid back pains , which are also causing migraines , which are also causing nausea . 
< PROPFIRST > made a good dinner and got me dessert too ! 
Gettin my hair did ! 
Well , the plows finally came by to do our road . Of course it is 9:00 pm and everyone cleared their driveways much earlier in the day . So , thanks for blocking them up again ! 
So let me get this straight ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is on his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 5.5 -hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE ; yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL . 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
In Chicago with the fam ... Blue Man tonight ! 
Blue Man in 15 minutes ! 
just doesn't get it . I mean , come on ! 
At the doctor office to try to figure out what is wrong . They are making me wear one of those face masks in the waiting room . :( 
Dr. appointment was useless ... just rest and keep doing what I'm doing . Thanks a lot . Glad I got my $20 worth ! 
Tron IMAX 3D 
Looks like I'm stuck with the wonderful crack in my windshield ! Dear < PROPFEMALE > , that was an unwanted Christmas gift . 
Taking < PROPFIRST > to the doctor to find out what's wrong with him . Maybe they can help me too . 
Finally put my new slip covers on the furniture ! It's like I have all new stuff ! Pictures soon ! 
Another bad day at work . Super :/ 
Saturday ! 
Took the day off tomorrow to take Furby to get his teeth cleaned , but now I'm afraid I wont be enjoying the rest of the day because I'm not feeling well and its not getting better . 
Dropped Furby off at the vet for his dental appointment . I hope everything goes well and he doesn't hate me too much afterward . 
GenCon hotel room booked ! 
Well , after getting a couple teeth pulled and the rest thoroughly cleaned , Furby is home ! He is a little anxious and is still feeling the effects of the anesthesia , but other than that he seems fine ! 
is not feeling too hot tonight :( 
Whatever is causing me to not get restful sleep at night needs to stop ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Flynn 52 thoroughbred horses need homes . Will go to Sugarcreek this Saturday for slaughter . Gentleman died and his son wants nothing to do with them . Most broodmares are broke and some are in foal weanling , yearlings , 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded . FREE and papered . Friend of the deceased is trying to find homes 440-463-4288 or 440-463-4288 Barnesville , OH . Please copy and paste this on your status ! 
Tried hard , but still not done painting the guest room . Needs a second coat , but I need more paint ! Grr 
Had a great time with friends this weekend ! 
No Internet ... Sucks ! 
Just is not having a good day 
Hooray !!! We have internet again !!!!!! 
Had a really good company dinner , although it could have ended a bit earlier ! 
feels so lucky to have such a wonderful husband ! Thank you for helping me through my bad days and giving me so many good ones ! 
thinks someone should definitely put a muzzle on < PROPFEMALE > Palin ! 
sore throat , swollen glands & ear pain ... please go away now ! 
It was really great to see my parents today . Thanks for coming up to visit and to put my mind a little more at ease about the basement ! 
Loved the thunderstorm this morning ! 
This day could definitely be better . 
I am so incredibly sore from my workout yesterday !!! It hurts to move ... it hurts to breathe ! 
Why can't today be tomorrow ? 
