sees This self discovery , Redemption taking hold of my mind , A serenade of haunting voices , Calling me away , To feast upon the night ... 

exclaims , Ardente veritate , Urite mala mundi ! Ardente veritate , Incendite tenbras mundi ! 
is waiting for ignition , I'm waiting for a spark , Any < PROPMALE > collision and light up in the dark , There you stand before me , all that fur and all that hair , Oh do I dare ... I have the touch ..... 
hears Our world is calling so I'm crawling back to sea , Against the surge of waves that , Held us with an ancient grip beneath , Retreat to safer waters ... 
hasn't felt the way I feel today , In so long it's hard for me to specify , I'm beginning to notice , How much this feels like a waking limb ; Pins and needles .... 
is not smiling behind this fake veneer , I am often interrupted or completely ignored , But most of all I'm bored .... 
is becoming less defined as days go by , Fading away ( well , you might say ) I'm losing focus , kind of drifting into the abstract ..... 
has been gone away , but I'm back again , Back with all my friends .... 
is A plate of quite peculiar , On a dish of my own , A tablespoon of feather , Tickle me to the bone , Give me recipes for happy , With the chemicals gone , Drinking freedom from a bottle , To the tune of belong .... 
is Bowing down to disillusion , Hats off and applause to rogues and evolution , The ripple effect is too good not to mention , If you're not affected you're not paying attention , It's too good , too good , not to have an effect ..... 
asks , What if this storm ends , And leaves us nothing , Except a memory ; A distant < PROPFEMALE > ? I want pinned down , I want unsettled , Rattle cage after cage , Until my blood boils , I want to see you , As you are now , Every single day , That I am living , Painted in flames , All peeling thunder , Be the lightning in me , That strikes relentless .... 
feels Built with stolen parts , A telephone in my heart , Someone get me a priest , To put my mind to bed ; This ringing in my head ; Is this a cure or is this a disease .... 
thinks , There's nothing you can make that can't be made , No one you can save that can't be saved , Nothing you can do but you can learn to be you in time , It's easy .... Nothing you can know that isn't known , Nothing you can see that isn't shown , Nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be , It's easy .... 
says , If I can reach the stars , Pull one down for you , Shine it on my heart , So you could see the truth : That this love I have inside , Is everything it seems , But for now I find , It's only in my dreams .... 
says , Take your time ' cos the way I rhyme's gonna make you smile when ya , Realize that a guy my size might take a while just to , Try to figure out what all this is for ... Try to figure out what all this is for ... Try to see the world beyond your front door .... 
croons , Those who are dead are not dead , They're just living in my head , And since I fell for that spell , I am living there as well ... Time is so short , And I'm sure , There must be something more .... 
declares : Meet me here , On November 11th , come alone , Bring your mouth , And selective irreverence , We'll both see stars .... 
says , \A body has to move gentle and speak low when wild things is about . \ " - Dickon from \ " The Secret Garden \"" 
Got no feel , I got no rythm , I just keep losing my beat , I'm ok , I'm alright , Ain't gonna face no defeat , I just gotta get out of this prison cell , Someday I'm gonna be free , Lord ! Find me somebody to love , Can anybody find me somebody to love ? 
thinks , Would you look at her , She looks at me , She's got me thinking about her constantly , But she don't know how I feel , And as she carries on without a doubt , I wonder if she's figured out , I'm crazy for this girl .... 
feels like there is no need for conversation , Some questions are better left without reason , And I would rather reveal myself than my situation , Now and then I consider my hesitation .... 
is over this , I'm tired of living in the dark , Can anyone see me down here ? The feeling's gone , There's nothing left to lift me up , Back into the world I know .... 
will Go to my room and I close my eyes , I make believe that I have a new life , I don't believe you when you say , \Everything will be wonderful someday .... \"" 
says , And so this is Christmas , I hope you have fun , The near and the dear one , The old and the young .... 
proclaims , Believe me , Fate stands near me , Fate state clearly , Whether there will be another card , Recieve us , Time decieves us , The only moment in our lives that everreally mattered Fate is now .... 
has been roaming around , Always looking down at all I see , Painted faces fill the places I can't reach , You know that I could use somebody .... 
knows , Life is a waterfall , We're one in the river , And one again after the fall , Swimming through the void , We hear the word , We lose ourselves , But we find it all .... 
sees , Crowded streets are cleared away , One by One , Hollow heroes sepparate , As they run , You're so cold , Keep your hand in mine , Wise men wonder while , Strong men die .... 
pleads , Reveal to me the mysteries , Can you tell me what it means ? Explain these motions and metaphors , Unlock the secrets in me , Describe the vision , the meaning is missing , Won't anybody listen ? 
echoes , The < PROPFEMALE > tells me a secret ; my confidant , As full and bright as I am , this light is not my own , A million light reflections pass over me , Its source is bright and endless .... 
urges , Free the dream within , The voice is calling a song , A prayer from deep inside you , Be the dream within , The light is shining .... 
knows , It's so much better , When everyone is in , Are you in ? 
asks , Who needs sleep ? Well you're never gonna get it , Who needs sleep ? Tell me what's that for ? Who needs sleep ? Be happy with what you're getting , There's a guy who's been awake , Since the Second World War .... 
\I thought it was a line from something . I can sort of hear the quotation marks . \ " - < PROPMALE > Dover from The Chicago Gypsies " 
is , Abstruse and lacking rational , But making so much sense somehow , A stone has blocked my hourglass , No progress made no time's run out , yeah .... 
says , \Each of us is capable of change . That change is dependant on two intertwined notions : one's willingness to change and one's perception of the difficulty of that change . One is only willing to change if one percieves that change is possible . \"" 
is a shooting < PROPFEMALE > leaping through the skies , Like a tiger defying the laws of gravity , I'm a racing car passing by like Lady Godiva , I'm gonna go go go , There's no stopping me ! 
knows , There's somewhere , Somewhere that you can go , It's obvious , well , well it's apparent , It's right in front of you , So reach out and take it , And just let go .... 
yells : Move and show me what you can do , When you step into the circle and shake like we do .... 
says : \I wish I knew how to pick pockets . Why don't our parents teach us anything useful ? \ " - Vicomte de Valmont from \ " Les Liaisons Dangereuses \"" 
calls : I see you , Do you see me too ? Close your eyes and meet me in the sunshine , Come on through ; I will find you , Close your eyes and meet me in the sunshine .... 
was just guessing , At < PROPFIRST > and figures , Pulling the puzzles apart , Questions of science , Science and progress , Do not speak as loud as my heart .... 
They told me they fixed it ! I * trusted * them to * fix * it ! It's not my fault ! 
You are free to use any methods necessary , but I want them alive . No disintegrations . 
was just guessing , At < PROPFIRST > and figures , \ 
Pulling the puzzles apart , Questions of science , Science and progress , \ 
Do not speak as loud as my heart .... 
may know the answers , Though one question I still hear : What twist in fate has brought us , To roads that run so near ? 
wispers : Take this promise for a ride , You saw the < PROPMALE > , now come inside , You took the legend for its fall , You saw the product of it all .... 
sees : There is freedom within , there is freedom without , Try to catch the deluge in a paper cup , There's a battle ahead , many battles are lost , But you'll never see the end of the road , While you're travelling with me .... 
asks : Where should I go ? What should I do ? I don't understand what you want from me , ' Cause I don't know , If I can trust you , And all of the things you've said to me .... 
recalls : When you came in the air went out , And every shadow filled up with doubt , I don't know who you think you are , But before the night is through , I wanna do bad things with you .... 
walks up on high , And I step to the edge , To see my world below . And I laugh at myself , While the tears roll down , ' Cause it's the world I know , It's the world I know .... 
feels : Shapes of every size , Move behind my eyes , Doors inside my head , Bolted from within .... 
: Well , don't it always seem to go , That you don't know what you got ' til it's gone , They paved paradise , and put up a parking lot .... 
thinks : Some learn , many do , Cover up or spread it out , Then turn around , had enough , Pick and choose or pass it on .... 
: Free now , ride up on it , Up to the heights , it takes you , Go now , if you want it , Another world awaits you .... 
: I dare you to tell me to walk through fire , Wear my soul and call me a liar .... 
: Please don't try one tear for me , I'm not afraid of what I have to say , This is my one and only voice , So listen close , it's only for today .... 
: Keep your secrets in the dark , Nothing matters anymore , Bodies braking , drive me crazy , Oh this is not your place , No this is not your Playground , It's my heart ! 
: I've been thinking of days , Back when we began , When we made our first stand , and I get taken away , On a silver cloud , Made of all our wildest dreams .... 
: I waltzed around you seven times , Only to become , A < PROPFEMALE > you never sang , I'm not the one .... 
: And in the dark it comes for me , Malevolent and without form , Uprooting trees , destroying cars , Cold and relentless with arms outstretched .... 
: I journey through the desert , Of the mind with no hope , I follow ... \ 
I drift along the ocean , Dead lifeboats in the sun , They come undone ... \ 
Pleasantly caving in , I come undone .... 
: Some people fall in love and touch the sky , Some people fall in love and find quicksand , I hover somewhere in between , I swear , I can't make up my mind .... 
: All the leaves are turning brown , The wind is pushing me around , Let's go - It's what I know , Torture me and torture me , It's forcin ' me so torture me please .... 
: Try and come to willingly embrace , Kharma's kiss of withering decay , Death feeds , Hell breeds ; Subside in the Autumn .... 
: I'm broken , looking up to see the enemy , I have swallowed the poison you feed me , But I survive on it , And it leaves me guilt fed , hatred fed , weakness fed , And I feel ugly .... 
\One time < PROPMALE > made up a character named Mr. Big X and he said : ' I'll take you to meet Mr. Big X!' And I was really excited to meet Mr. Big X . But in order to meet him 
: I remember doing the Time Warp , Drinking ... those moments when , The blackness would hit me , And the voice would be calling .... 
: When I close my eyes , I can see for < PROPMALE > , There's comfort in my dark scene , And chaos in the isles .... 
: Agony ! Misery ! Woe ! Though it's different for each , Always ten steps behind- Always ten feet below- And she's just out of reach .... 
\ When first I appear I seem mysterious 
: In my field of paper flowers , And < PROPFEMALE > clouds of lullaby , I lie inside myself for hours , and watch my purple sky fly over me .... 
: Lying in my bed , I hear the clock tick and think of you , Caught up in circles , Confusion is nothing new .... 
: And I'm alone now , Me and all I stood for , We're wandering now , All in parts and pieces , Swim lonely ... 
: It's down to this : I've got to make this life make sense , Can anyone tell what I've done ? I miss the life , I miss the colors of the world , Can anyone tell where I am ? 
: What we are is the sum of a thousand lies ; What we know is almost nothing at all , But we are what we are til the day we die , Or til we don't have the strength to go on .... 
: And so this is Christmas , And what have we done ? Another year over , A new one just begun .... 
It's not that simple ; I've needed this from the start : To guide my way , To be okay ; It's made life simple ; I've needed this from the start to wake up .... 
: Come here , oh my < PROPFEMALE > is fading , And I swerve out of control , I swear I waited and waited , I've got to get out of this hole .... 
: Tilling my own grave to keep me level , Jam another dragon down the hole , Digging to the rhythm and the < PROPFEMALE > of a solitary siren , One that pushes me along and leaves me so .... 
YOU AND I WAKE UP IN JAIL TOGETHER ... Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along .. and 4 words is hard to come up with ! 
: Standing In Line , To see the show tonight , And there's a light on ; Heavy glow , By the way , I tried to say I'd be there ... Waiting for .... 
What would you do if I sang out of tune ? Would you stand up and walk out on me ? Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song , And I'll try not to sing out of key , Oh , I get by with a little help from my friends .... 
: I'm so alone , and I feel just like somebody else , Man I ain't changed , but I know I ain't the same .... 
: Who needs sleep ? ( Well you're never gonna get it ) Who needs sleep ? ( Tell me what's that for ) Who needs sleep ? Be happy with what you're gettin ' , There's a guy who's been awake , Since the second world war .... 
: If it can be lost then it can be won , It it can be touched then it can be turned , All you need is time .... 
: In your eyes I'm picture perfect ; In your eyes the grass is greener , Have you seen it through my eyes ? Cause through my eyes .... 
: By the way , By your side I'll stay , If that's okay , Well then-a , By your side I'll stay forever , Here I'm standing up , Because I want to fall in love with you .... 
No one is the same person they were from one moment to the next ; every conscious and unconscious experience changes us in some way . 
: Heart of gold but it lost its pride , Beautiful veins and bloodshot eyes , I've seen your face in another light , Why'd you have to go and let it die .... 
Sometimes my shadow leads , Or it follows me , But we never seem , To become one ( and the same ) .... 
: Echoes of thunder still pierce through the night , The lightning reflected on snow , But all through this darkness , the flashes , the rain , I still wonder if Winter will go .... 
