Great time yesterday ! severe hangover today lol 

The universe may not always play fair , but at least it's got a hell of a sense of humor . 
I got my tattoo ! 
Sooo I got my new tattoo , I'm got my car back , I'm talking to someone completely new , and I found the school that has the CSI courses I wanted to take and I might start really soon . I told ya things were looking up . I can't wait to begin this chapter of m 
bored ! 
Enjoying every < PROPFEMALE > . of every day . :) 
Life isn't fun without a little mystery . 
I miss him :( 
Ugh ! Are men really serious at this point ? What part of , \I really ain't into to you\ " graduates you from cool friend to a bitch ? I seriously can't believe this . " 
The future lies before you , like paths of snow . Be careful how you tread it , cuz every step will show . 
Taking my mind off all the negative in my life , I want to focus on school and building up my life . 
I feel like crap ! 
Life ..... 
PARTY TOMORROW !!!!! YAY 
El Rancho was FUN !! Loved the food ~ n ~ the horses !! 
Time to go to bed ! Last week of vacation so I'm gonna try to take advantage . 
Energizer < PROPFEMALE > arrested , charged with battery ! 
Had a blast today with esslam n < PROPFIRST > ! Crazy friends = great times . Back to school in a couple days so I gotta take advantage . 
Life ...... 
2 More days people .... dang , Its 2:20 a.m n me and my nephew are still up watching wrestling reruns lol ! And I got school tomorrow .... Its gonna suck lol but I will make it on time ... hopefully . 
I have nothing to do on a saturday .... 
goodnight everybody ... school tomorrow morning . 
Done with the first week of psychology !! 5 more weeks to go . I learned so much , my brain is still loading lol 
Studying Hard !!! Hoping for the best things in life . 
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory . 
Life is what you make it out to be . The choices we make today , effect whats gonna happen tomorrow . So wise up , those who are living just for the ten sec . moment thats not even worth it in the end . Your worse enemy is you . 
In the school Liberary , waiting for < PROPFIRST > to finish her final . I'm done with psychology class !!!!! tomorrow's another exam , and then some Vacation time !! 
Just finished my last final ! talking about stressful ! 
it's a boring day ! 
it's a gift to be able to learn from your mistakes 
Jaydens Out !! 
I love the direction my life is heading . It took so much time , and dedication to be able to take the route that I took , But I'm glad I did it . P.S. I'm in luv with the latest edition to the family ( Jayden E . Colon ) :) 
So glad I got this weekend off of work ! and I get paid !!!!!!!!!! 
I live in a neighborhood where Puerto ricans live around me and love to make Noise lol ! I love it . It reminds me of the times in P.R. 
My cars messed up !!!! but hey , with everything going on its just a minor bump in the road . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Bored , Tired , with a lot on my mind . 
Life has thrown me so many surprises , I can't help but to smile :) - 
I got an algbrea mid-term next week . I cant wait to get it over with . < PROPFEMALE > , u know we're coming to look for u right , without u we're gonna FAIL this test lmao . I fu**in hate algebra . ON TOP OF THAT , my insturctor is a chinese guy , I cant understand shiit he says !! ugh lol I'm freakin out . 
Some how I have so much faith that everything is gonna work out . I feel like a totally different person when I think about him :) 
I'm tired of stessing , I'm tired of worrying , and I'm so damn tired of being lost due to the fact , people dnt know how to be real , and how to be honest . 
Today's gonna be the day where all i do is study , study , study . Hopefully the nieghbors will stop coming over to look at the kitchen lol . We dnt even know half of them lol . Nosy , Nosy ppl . 
ohhh man , something needs to happens ... 
It's true . Throwing in the towel that fast and having kids young is not the absoultly neccecary , and there are girls out there that really dont need to be having kids cuz they are just not mature enough . BUT 1/2 of the girls out there like ( < PROPFIRST > ) that end up preggo , DO make the choice to set their lives aside , love their kids and learn to be the best mother they can be . 
It's all about realizing it's not about u anymore . YES , it's hard . YES , u miss out on alot . I AGREE , dont throw in the towel too fast . BUT , if ur young and ur mother , more power to u , and < PROPFIRST > is living proof that life doesnt end there , and NOT ONE DAY HAS COME , where she regreats her daughter . 
I'M PROUD OF HER FOR STEPPING UP TO THE PLATE AND DOING THE BEST SHE CAN . CUZ SHE HAS DONE A GREAT JOB ALL ON HER OWN ! I still luv ya leysha , and i'm glad u got ur head on straight , but young mothers , is not the worst thing in the world . 
I WANNA GO HOME !!! LOL 
Long Day today , but I loved it lol 
Getting my hair done ! :) 
JUST TALKED TO MY BABY , IT'S NICE TO KNOW HE'S OKAY . GONNA CHILL WITH FRIENDS I HAVE NOT SEEN IN A WHILE TONIGHT . SHOULD BE FUN . 
OFF TO THE GYM ! 
Algebra class today , then straight to the gym ... 
My mind is at the gym , and Im sitting in algebra class lmao . Does that make sense ? 
Laundry , cleaning the house , all before < PROPFEMALE > comes over , hopefully finish everything on time . I'm so sore lol 
I slept so good last night :) 
I don't see this smile going away anytime soon ;) 
Criminalistics class tonight ! I'm like this class , it's actually interesting . Mean while until then , I'm home watching T.V. bored lol . I feel like going out and doing something , but at this time on a tuesday , theres nothing to do :( 
Zumba killed my ass today lol but it felt so damn good . 
I'm soooooo Ready to see My Man !! You guys have no idea ! 
I went to bed at 2 a.m. and woke up at 7 a.m. I cant sleep man ! 
living my life one day at a time and not bothering to look back . I haven't lost anything in my past worth trying to get back , No matter how much anyone trys to make me do so . All I know and care about , is what I have right now , and what I will have in the future . If all the people I had in my life before didn't make it with me to this day , it's because they were not meant to , and im totally fine with it . 
trying to keep myself busy ... 
Algebra , Algebra , Algebra !! me estoy volvendo LOCA ! lol 
ugh !!!!! lmao help !! 
I just burned myself man ! 
what doesn't kill you , sure as hell makes you stronger . Life goes on and on . God makes new days for a reason ! 
IM done with Algebra , Thank god ! MY spring break starts right now !!!! I know I got a good grade on my finals so Im stress free !! 
It's a beautiful day , < PROPFEMALE > n hot . Clubbin Tonight !!! 
4 more days man ... Im excited ! 
Worked with OPD tonight and caught two runaways in 4 hours ! I fucking Rock ! lol In ur face < PROPFIRST > ! 
Last night when I was trying to find the runaways , I was talking to one of the mothers trying to get information about the girl . This lady was in her 60's and I felt so bad about all the things this girl was putting her through . Running away was the nicest thing she's done , everything else was worse . I slipped , and I said I dont know how you do this , and she answered me so calmly , prayer . 
Today is the day ! 
Just gotta go with the flow . Hanging with < PROPFIRST > n the boys on < PROPFIRST > s last night here ! 
I finally figured out what it is I want to do in the future , and I'm excited about it ! I've already taken the first two steps , which are the only easy ones . 
There's nothing like running into old friends , especially to find out that there just as great of friend , as they we're back then ! 
3 a.m. And im on the other side of town ! 
The end of my vacation has finally come . Back to school n working hard . Plus I start at the center for drug free living wednesday . I'm looking forward to it ! 
Five years of hell with < PROPMALE > , then This guy comes along , gives me hope again , talks about a future with me , treated me so good , and then he starts playing games and now he's not sure about me ... but wait ... he still loves me . Get the Fuck outta here with that . This is the reason why women like me are the way we are . 
It might sound weird but I'm happy to say , after today , I feel like I got myself back . No more bull , just doing me and enjoying life . SOOO changing the subject , I should go back to being a red head , The black hair is getting old . lol 
I did it ! I changed my hair color to red ! I'll put up a pic sooner or later . 
needs to get back on her workouts ! 
It's such a beautiful day out 
I have so much on my mind , i can't think straight :( 
In my enviormental science class . I can't stand this class , but it's required so i'm gonna try my best to make the best of it . I'm trying to look forward to talking about population for the next four hours . I remember in high school we covered this subject in 30 mins . 
Everything is going great today . Finally ! lol 
Babysitting ! 
I love my friends :) 
It feels so good outside today ! I'm free for the week to enjoy it ! 
She's coming home soon ! 
Out for the night !.. Maybe the whole the week lol I'm sooo warn out . Crazy , crazy , crazy lol 
looks like I'm not the only one single lol wtf is going on ?! I'm loving being single tho : )- North < PROPFEMALE > , Im coming soon ! lol 
In florida hospital . Looks like im staying the night . I feel a million times better tho then what i felt eariler . 
I'm out of the hospital in time to enjoy whats left of this weekend . 
Damn , i got a really busy day today . 
Looking forward to my B-day That happens to land on a saturday ! 
Time to watch my desprate housewives ! It's finally getting good ! 
I keep reminding myself when god closes one door , he opens another . 
So BBq with the fam , then waterford with the Homies ! OHH I gotta start looking for my plane ticket !! Mercy , Maria ... I need help with that ! we need to figure this whole thing out !!! 
So whats next in life ? 
I just got a group project with the sexiest dude in class . So i'm kinda happy right now . 
Life is so random , it's hard to keep up with the changes sometimes . 
On a Misson to find < PROPFIRST>'s Next man !!! 
Please ask me anything , send me anonymous questions ! make sure to click the link : http://ama.honestybox.com/i/1834610831 
This is way harder than I thought lmao !! 
Off to the beach ! 
What a weekend !! Spending time with EVERYBODY was great ! From the beach to the movies , to all the get togethers , it was fun . Thanks u guys for my bottle !!! 
OHH and thanks to everybody who wished me a happy B-day on facebook !! 
I swear , I come on facebook to do ONE thing , and I end up being on here forever talking to half the world lmao . 
Getting annoyed really fast ! 
Tell me how I'm doing research on a serial killer for class , so I go to google and type in his name and the first links that show up are all myspace and facebook ! 
FINALLY ! I'm sleeping in tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > no one call or text me before 1 p.m. Unless theres something you HAVE to tell me : ) 
Sex in the city 2 is out ! I'm < PROPFEMALE > gonna watch it !!! 
I had an AMAZING , FUN , AWESOME time last night at the knights library !!! Omg ! I have not had that much fun in sooo long !!!! I danced the whole night and just had a blast with everybody ! and < PROPFEMALE > cracked me up so bad !! Sucks that im sore and hungover but it was worth it !! Off to the movies now with the homiez ! 
Home from the movies ! Date Night was Hilarous !!! 
Criminalistics 9 a.m. Yay !! 
I can not stand these loud ass chicks in my class right now . It's 9 a.m. Why the fuck are they yelling !! 
Off to bed !! Goodnight facebook !! 
Congrats graduating workforce students !!! 
Another night with the homiez !! Always a great time ! Even more now that Mercy is back ! YAY !! 
If your brave . Post this on your status and see what people rate you ; ( 1 ) Crazy . ( 2)Wish we went out . ( 3 ) Talkative . ( 4 ) Lovable . ( 5 ) Sexy . ( 6 ) Strong . ( 7)Weak . ( 8 ) Mean ( 9 ) Loyal . ( 10 ) Awesome . ( 11 ) Cute . ( 12 ) Sweet . ( 13)Want to get to know you better . ( 14 ) Sarcastic . ( 15 ) Funny . ( 16 ) ... Hilarious 
I ran over a squirel this morning : ( i feel sooo bad ! 
I just realized every show i see where a < PROPFEMALE > is in a relationship , they're always playin females ! Lmao that explains it a lot damn it !!! 
Stressin now . I have a paper due next tuesday , and I have no clue what to do for the presentation ! 
Had another fun weekend w/ the homiez ! Now heading home cuz i got class in a few hours ... tomorrow morning is gonna suck ! Btw ROAD TRIP THIS WEEKEND ! U READY GUYS ? 
can this week plz go by fast .... I'm mean like , really fast .... Like I wake up tomorrow and it's saturday Morning lol 
At the Apple Store checking my Facebook with the New iPad ! This Shit is soooo Hot lmao ! 
Great , I made it to school to finsih this damn project and now THERES A THUNDERSTORM and they warning us THE LIGHTS MIGHT GO OUT !!....... AGAIN ! uugghhh I just had to leave the mall ! and < PROPFIRST > warned me the whole time not to go ! I shoulda listened ! 
Im done damn it !!! I finished this damn annoying project !! Now I can concentrate on the Road trip for saturday ! 
Life is so much easier when u know what u want . It makes ur choices easier to make . 
ONE MORE DAY AND IM OUTTA HERE !! :) Marines here we come ! 
1st\ 
person to like this you will be my profile pic for the day ; 2nd person\ 
to like this , your last name will be my last name for 2 days ; 3rd \ 
person can dare me to do one thing ; 4th person , will say I'm in a \ 
relationship with you for a week :) Put this on your status if you dare 
AHHHHHH ! I leave tomorrow !! I'm so damn excited ! 
I will be completely honest for 24 hours , you can ask me one question ( inbox ) , any question , no matter how random , amazing or weird it is , you have my full honesty and I DARE you to put this as your status and see what kind of questions you get :P 
THE HELL we went through this morning to get this damn rental car ! it took 3 freaking hours LONGER than we expected ... but we finally got the dodge charger , and let me say its sexy as hell ! So we riding up to NC in some serious style . Damn , I'm starting to wish that I took < PROPFIRST > up on his offer . I'm super stressed now lol . but ohh wellll . 
All Packed and offically ready to head out . I'll see everybody In a week ! 
made it to NC yesterday morning . had a blast with < PROPFIRST > n jafet , watching jafets boot camp video and some movies . we went to the base today and saw < PROPFEMALE > o many fine marines ! we even visited jafet at the base on his break . < PROPFEMALE > im having a great time lol . 
Having a great time with my friends . we went to the aquiarum yesterday and took < PROPFEMALE > many pictures . Had a girls night out last night , and left the men with the baby lol and went to eat at a resturant by base where we ran into sexy sexy marines . Today the zoo , and hopefully we go to base again ... where more marines will be located . UGHH Im tempted to stay here in NC lol . 
Off to base to check out a ceremony the Marines got going on ! Then back here to pack :( we all leave tomorrow night back to < PROPMALE > . I'm so not looking forward to that 11-12 hour drive back home but hey ... 
Just got home from NC ! I swear I had so much fun with my friends , and going out every night , and being at the < PROPFEMALE > base . I was surrounded by sexiness lol . Now , here I am .... In < PROPMALE > , where there are no marines :( damn ! 
Just turned in the rental and dropped < PROPFEMALE > off at work . Now getting back to my soooo not that interesting life !! LOL 
Dedicated to : < PROPFIRST > , Jafet , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and Jami !! \ 
\ 
I wanna be a billionaire so frickin bad . Buy all of the things I never had . I wanna be on the cover of Forbes Magazine Smiling next to Oprah and the < PROPFEMALE > . Oh every time I close my eyes I see my name in shining lights , yeaaah A different city every night oh I swear The world better prepare for when I’m a billionaire . 
My last final before I get my week off ! I know Im'a pass ! 
I finally got my phone ! yay to getting back in touch with the world lol 
So I got to see everyone tonight before I leave . Yay to the 2nd road trip of the month , and to the future one in December to new orleans AND to the one BACK to NC lol . 
2:30 am ! I'm going to bed , and sleeping in late , and then waking up to pack . Once again . 
No hay medicina que pueda a mi curarme ( que solo la que tu me \ 
das)\ 
Si no me das de lo tuyo empiezo a desesperarme ( y me pide mas , mas mas)\ 
No puedo ya disimular , Te toco y empiezo a temblar , Empiezas tu a desnudarte , Me miras y me pides mas ... AHHH U gotta love wisin y yandel ! 
Happy 4th Of July !!! 
Today should be an interest day lol 
OMG an entire week without school !!! 
Had a blast at < PROPMALE>'s B-day !! Now I kinda understand the \Onepiece\ " Cartoon lol " 
Had a Great day with < PROPFIRST > !! But I'm off to bed , I start class tomorrow . 
I feel soooo lazy today ! :/ but anyway , I got a busy busy week . I can't wait until Kyles B-day party !! I'm super excited ... Now I'm off to the Doctors then class , then sleep cuz I gotta wake up at 5 a.m !!!! Ughhh when a vaction comes to end ! 
So I get to school in the middle of this retarded storm , Parked on the other side of the damn parking lot cuz there was no parking any closer , walk inside to the recieptionist to find out where my classes are , and she tells me I have a package . < PROPFEMALE > i'm like cool ok , but then she says its my forensic < PROPFEMALE > , which CANNOT get wet ! Soooo I'm stuck here until the rain stops ! 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > !! I love u !! 
it's gonna storm ! Wonderful :/ 
Tired , Hot and hungry !! BUT It's always worth helping out your best friends . < PROPFEMALE > I still love u lol . 
When I say , I have a feeling , and I'm always right . I mean im always RIGHT ! 
SOOO Next chapter ... SINGLE .... This time for longer than 2 months ! My opinon on it ... I need it lol so its all good . I'm off to < PROPFEMALE > with the boys and enjoy myself . 
Had a great time yesterday with everybody ! Dinner was great < PROPFEMALE > , thanks . < PROPFIRST > I still think ur worng about the paper xD . everyone def . made my weekend hella great . THANKS FOR BEING THERE WHEN I NEED U GUYS I couldn't ask for more . The Guys did too , I wont mention ur names cuz u guys'll will get cocky real fast lol Off to class now . Yay Bio evidance lol 
Ahhhhh i'm sooo loving class today !!! Lol thank god i picked this school to got o : ) 
Finally home . Now im off to read this book , thats soooo interesting lol 
Life needs to move on a little quicker for me ... like Just a little . 
Change is good ... Its good ! 
It's all planned out ! Now all i got to do is wait for the time to fly by . I hope everything turns out as planned . < PROPFEMALE > Tomorrow is OPERTION FIRST DATE lol I can't wait . I just might post pictures up lol . 
I wake up at 4 in da morning cuz my dogs kept barking , look in the backyard and I found a pitbull just lounging like he's right at home . I kicked him and went back to bed . I go back outside just now cuz I could find the dogs , guess who's back ... Lounging once again ! This time with my dogs chillin , wth ! I dont even know how the hell he's getting in . My poor chiwawas are gonna get raped lol . 
Movie Night !! I Haven't had one in soooo Long !! I'ma finally see the crazies . 
is\ 
my ______ . she has a nice _______ . dang she is _____ . i ______ her . \ 
put this as your status & see what answers you get back . 
Sometimes I think I just need a cigarette .. 
I might not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyones first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm too good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am or watch me as I walk away ! Post this to your status if you're proud of being you . 
< PROPFEMALE > , I stayed up all night talkin to < PROPFIRST > , then we got bored and decided to drive all the way to pine hims at 5 a.m. Saw the sun rise and the amazing looking < PROPFEMALE > . I've never seen it that big before . Now We're at sarahs about to go eat breakfast and have fun like always lol then off tomorrow to buy everything for < PROPFIRST > s party !! Then Bio evidance Tomorrow night . 
Finally home after a very long weekend . 
Tomorrows the day of the party I've been waiting for , for a full MONTH ! I can't wait to PARTY , and since I wont be coming home ;) I'm really gonna party lol . REMEMBER KYLE : you might hate us \Just a little\ " But we LOVES U !! lol " 
Had an Amazing Time Last night !! Did stuff I wouldn't normally do ( cough ) But it was hilarious ! I would put pictures up , but I forgot my camera AND Even If i had it , that Party got X-rated really fast < PROPFEMALE > I wouldn't post them up anyway lmao . 
So i was rushing to class when this cute dude stops me just say hi , and that ever since we've had class together he's always wanted to know my name . Hmmm i guess i make more an impression on people then i thought lol nice way to start to my evening .. Did i mention he was cute !! He reminded me why i like being single in some weird way lol 
I'ma smile and just do whatever . Forget everything else . 
I swear , if i see another man try to holla at me , blow up my inbox like theres no tomorrow , and then post some dumbass status about how they're so in love with their girl . I'm gonna scream ! Lol seriously ?!! Why do most men feel the need to be asshole !! Lol this made my morning ! 
Second Chances , they don't matter people never change . Once a whore , your nothing more , I'm sorry that will never change . It's a circle , a mean Cycle ;) 
Summer cleaning of facebook today . DELETE , DELETE AND DELETE ! They're are some people I don't wanna know about . 
“The minute you settle for less than you deserve , you get even less than you settled for . ” 
Has decided that she wants a gun . Yes , a gun because they're doing massive home invations on her block . Apparently the way it's going , my house could be next . So Tomorrow I'll be going to the gun range . 
No Matter how crazy my family drives me . It's funny how it hits my out of no where , I seriously Love them ! : ) Every single one of them ! 
Had a wonderful time last night !! Slat was a really good movie ! Tonight , Bio evidence class and then chillax for Fingerprint class tomorrow morning . 
\My knight in shining armour turned out to be a loser in aluminium foil \"" 
I need season 7 of grey's anatomy to come out already man !! 
staying up tonight to see the meteor shower !! I saw one meteor so far ! 
blah blah blah blah blah ! 
Ok ! What is going on , on facebook today ? Is this a retarded day for everyone ?? Lol 
Must be one of those nights : / when will I learn to let go , and just live my life . 
I'm IN LOVE with the way he lights up when he sees me walk through the door . I swear , he gives me butterflies ! 
Revolution was hot ! Crazy , crazy night ! I had a blast tho . Now can < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > call me ? That would be great ! lol . 
Finally home after a two days of being away ! Ahhhh The kitties start school tomorrow , so I'm back to having my peace at home , and maddddd traffic every morning ! 
off to school ! Yay , I miss my bio evidence class . Maybe it's that back to school spirit going around lol . 
So its 2 a.m and i just got home , my phone is sooo F***ed now after it was dumped in water , which is wonderful . I have class in about 6 hours and no alarm . Yep , it was one of those nights lol 
HAS NO PHONE ! SO < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , FARFAN , < PROPFEMALE > AND EVERYBODY ELSE . CONTACT ME VIA FACEBOOK ! 
I love how my instructor went out his way to email me about how I'm always late to class lmao .. I'm always 30 mins early ? wth 
shopping for a new phone ! ahhh damn , what else could go wrong ???!! 
Lovely night stranded out in longwood with a flat tire lol it was fun believe it or not , but not something I wanna do again .... ever . 
SOOO what am I gonna do today ?? 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s Bail bonds job , helping ehr out with all these criminal files ! So depressing to go through all these cases and stuff . I dont know why . 
has class tonight !! 
I love the lines the men use to get us into\ 
bed . \Please 
I GOT A NEW PHONE NUMBER 407-283-0148 , TEXT ME SO I GET URS , WITH UR NAME ! 
It some shit when the family members you help out the most turn on you over nothing but whatever i'm sure they'll be quick to say i dont you , and i hope thats the truth . This ship is sailing to better places in life , and i dont need to prove it to no one but me . Like if u agree . 
Omg ! < PROPFIRST > has stage 4 of Alanzo Disease !!! Theirs only 5 stages !! Ahh i'm < PROPFEMALE > sorry < PROPFIRST > . I love u ( tear ) 
I'm so tired of this bitch < PROPFEMALE > on The bad girls club !! Like seriously wtf !! She is fucking annoying ! 
Hold the person that you love closely if they're next to you , The one you love , \ 
* NOT THE PERSON THAT'LL SIMPLY HAVE SEX WITH YOU , * \ 
Appreciate them to the fullest extent , and then beyond ' Cause you never really know what you got , until it's gone 
Of to school to get my classes approved , since my wonderful program director wasn't there to do it yesterday ! 
just had lunch with < PROPFEMALE > !! 
can't wait for tonight !! 
At farfans !! 
At farfans listening to < PROPFIRST > complain about a job he used to have . < PROPFIRST > shut up !! He's getting all flustered like he still working there lmao . Ohh lord ... I love this dude . 
Had an amazing weekend all thanks to farfan ! I love her , what would I do without her lol she's awesome , and so is < PROPFIRST > n < PROPFEMALE > !! My besties . Talk about Besties , I miss < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Morning Facebook . Off to class .... -sigh- 
ugh seriously ? 
Damn , for the first time the majority of my friends are online ! 
Ready for adventurous Thursday !! Whats it gonna be this week ppl ?? 
at < PROPFEMALE>'s place ! 
There's this chick in my class that cracks me up . Complaining all the time about her weight n blames it on her kid . Ok . Yet i've been in this class for 12 weeks , and not once has her come to class without mad chips n snacks . Her excuse ... It's a long class . It's a 4 hour class . No wonder this bitch is getting bigger lol 
I find it interesting when people can't accept the way things play out . \ 
Watching them run around in circles trying to find explanations and justifications . Driving themselves \ 
insane trying to find something that dismisses reality . Where does \ 
this hold truth ? In the chapter of our life called \Love . \ " Where you'll find words like \ 
cleaning out my room , and moving things around . Probably do something different with it . 
A scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly and is also known as a < PROPMALE > always talkin ' about what he wants and just sits on his broke ass\ 
so ( no)\ 
I don't want your number no I don't wanna give you mine and no I don't wanna meet you nowhere no I don't want none of your time . 
< PROPFIRST > so mean sometimes to his poor lil brother lol . 
Movie Night I guess lol .... 
Out with homiez tonight ! The club tonight better watch out ! lol 
Just left revo , hungry n tipsy ! Lol the weekend is starting off great ! Get it < PROPMALE > !!! 
Went to the beach today to surf since the waves were crazy due to the hurricane . I had an awesome time even tho I'm a little sore . Had an awesome time at revo friday ! Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > ! Lol 
Clocking out for the night ... 
Off to class ... 
Who ever thinks , what happens in the past stays in the past is wrong . Todays topic in class : gangs . Guest speakers : gang members from orange county . My heart is about to jump out my chest cuz one of the speakers is a guy i know that i used to < PROPFEMALE > with in my bad ass days . Tonights gonna be interesting :/ 
. : When life hands you lemons ............ DEMAND < PROPFEMALE > and Salt !!!!!! 
Life is random , but everything happens for a reason . 
What a day ! I think I might have possibly found my new place . Let's see . It's all in gods hands now . 
So Glad he finally found me . I got my homie Back !! lol 
went to the UCF hockey game today , i had a blast now i'm a hockey fan . we went to ihop after where some random dude got shot . pretty interesting night . 
What the hell is going on this weekend ?!?! First , we go to ihop and then someone gets shot , now I'm spending the day with my bestie < PROPFEMALE > . Her first saturday off in nine months , and all hell has broken lose lmao ! Drama , Drama , Drama ! btw < PROPFEMALE > ur doing the right thing . 
ugh life ! Sometimes ridiculous !! 
It doesn't happen often , but it happens more than you think . You never \ 
see it coming , but it creeps up on you slowly staring you in the face \ 
the whole time . It's a rare situation for many , but and everyday thing \ 
for even more . Silent countdowns around the world , counting down the day\ 
when people will see the true face , or faces of some of those closest \ 
to you . 
I need change in all areas of my life . Something has to happen . The last few months have been fun , but I feel like I've officially walked into a dead end , there's just no outlet where I'm standing right now so , I guess i have to back track and head in a different direction . I'm wishing 1000x that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > was in < PROPMALE > !! 
< PROPFEMALE > has to the be the most awesome person I've ever known lol . She's always there to brighten up my day , and she always finds a way to make me feel better , even when i think it's impossible . she is seriously awesome !! THANKS < PROPFEMALE > ! 
awesome , awesome , awesome , awesome , AWESOME Day !! lol -sigh- \My own place \"" 
Fucking annoying damn it ! I think I don't like you ! 
Finally out of the sun ! 
I got everything off my chest last night , so today .. I feel Like I can breath ! 
Ugh when the past comes back IT BRINGS EVERYTHING WITH IT ! I guess it's my fault ... I opened this door . 
F*Ck !! Now I'm stressin ! I need a Black ! 
Moving on , Moving on , Moving on , This really is not worth the attention I'm giving it . 
i'M GOING TO GET THE JEEP COMMANDER ! REMEMBER I SAID THAT FB PEOPLE . I'M GETTING MY JEEP COMMANDER ! 
I miss him But I said I was gonna move on . Ugh lol I remember saying I hated when females posted shit like this on facebook ! 
lmfao I just saw the girl I faught in 8th grade at Mcdonalds ! Priceless . She tried to brag about her life , and my response .... WOw , you come so far to be working at Micky D's I wish I would of takin a picture of her face ! She looked like she wanted to first all over again ! I wouldn't mind round 2 . 
One week left to chill , and I'm back to working ! Too bad , i have to spend this week in class :/ 
Thinking ..... 
WTF is going on in the world that I'm missing out on ?! This is way too much ! I'm stepping up my game as of NOw ... right now lol 
Finally started my online classes yesterday . They suck ! But I had no choice but to do online . About to jump on one of them now , so no one call me for the next 2-3 hours . 
Everything happens for a reason . I said it to myself all the time , tonight , for the first time ever ... I think this happened just because life is a bitch when you forget how to steer it . 
Someone is listening to me and Jareds Conversations and our hearts . After venting to eachother last night about the ones we loved that we let go , Today , we both got phone calls from them with News that shocked us both . What could this possibly mean ? Idk ! 
Home from a long day at work ! Tired , and I'm still not done :( 
is taking a deep breath ... 
Put\ 
this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is \ 
that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice\ 
-people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL\ 
RIGHTS ... 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your status \ 
for at least one hour ? Promote LOVE & Acceptance ... NOT hate ! 
REVO TONIGHT AFTER WORK ! 
I was stressin over you for like 2 secs when it hit , I'm a badder bitch than you could ever be ! and now you hatin and stressin on me . Life's funny sometimes lol . 
off to work once again ! 
I have my own life , i'm my own person . If no one can stop me from being me n doin me , i know ur sorry ass can't . 
Just ugh ! 
Downtown tonight ! I'ma Vampire ! 
Thrilled with my new phone ! 
... 3 yrs old : my mom's the best . 7 yrs old : Mom I love you . 10 yrs old : Mom whatever . 17 yrs old : OMG my mom is so annoying . 18 yrs old : I wanna leave this house . 25 yrs old : Mom you were right . 35 yrs old : I wanna go back to my mom's house . 50 yrs old : I don't wanna lose my mom . 70 yrs old : I'd give up everything for my mom ... to be here with me . Post this if you appreciate your mom ? 
< PROPFIRST > is driving me insane today !!!! Completely , and totally insane !! With his opinions , and comments , and 2 sense !! OOOHHH and the damn < PROPFEMALE > Girls !! Now he's behind me telling me i'm miss spelling things on this post ! wtf !! 
At lunch with the co-workers ! 
So att is the company to be in for interracial couples . Nothing against it , that's awesome But I might end up marrying an asian , or maybe an Italian ... who knows 
I love my co workers ! They just keep blowing my mind lmao ! Straight rims on a mini < PROPFIRST > and you think your big pimpin ! Go at&t ... u know how to pick em . 
Ahhh men ... 
Uggghhh seriously ???!! \ " , 2010-11-13 19:11:06 " 
Ooo he is just my type .... I'm liken this . 
off to city walk 
Tattoo number 3 ! I must be addicted lol 
Morning facebook ! 
Stressed ! Lol 
Tattoo num . 4 is under way . Yay ! 
Jamin to aventura and straighten my hair . Enjoying my day off . 
Woke up late today and I thought I was gonna be late to work but I'm her 1/2 an hour early lol I'm such a mess today . Watch out customers ! 
Awesome day yesterday ! As for today , relaxing and preparing for another work week . 
my ankle is bothering me today :( 
Two hours left ! Then I'm off these phones !! 7 hurry up and get here . 
Karma ... Yeah its a B*tch ! And you know what else . I never wish anything bad on no one , but right now , I'm damn satisfied that it finally bit you in the ass . Cause what you did , you just DON'T do ! 
Att co-workers < PROPFIRST > is crying due to his huge paycheck . I think he's happy lol 
Donating blood . Ughhhh ! Damn it the shit I do to get off the phones ! 
I love my job . ;) 
Day off ! My best friend is coming to < PROPMALE > ! Best day over ! 
He needs a car . I got out at 5:45 it is now 6:22 and he is now geting off ... but what he has to use the bathroom !! It is Saturday I want to go home !! Damn < PROPFIRST > !! 
Nevermind I forgive him . He is asthma attack due to him fishing to the car . 
At work in a great mood ! 
Only at att , will a 70-80 year old co worker walk up to you while your sitting in your car and say \I'm bringing sexy back\ " lmao . I love it here . " 
awesome night last night . hopefully tonight I can party . 
Happy new year everyone . Party like crazy ! 
Feeling soooo nauseous ! while at work ! Wtf ! 
A new day , a new outlook , a new me , a new everything . I refuse to be put down by those who cant even come close to me . 
Good morning retarded customers who don't pay . their bills and are mad because they were shut off : ) 
Feeling a lot better now that the secret is out . I'm pregnant !!! 
Thanks to all those who gave me the congrats ! Along with that status , at one point I developed some haters ?? lol wow , I didnt see that coming , but hey , I noticed they were no one important , people I dont even know , and who dont know me . Anyway , finally home from work , tired , and ready to chill ! 
Tired ... 
One more day damned it and I can sleep in ! 
work from now to 7:15 pm ! Uhggg life as n adult lol 
I need to stay away from e-time . But of course They're offering it before my shift !! 
Heard my baby's heartbeat today . I am officially 6 weeks and 5 days !! 
I miss my bed . Four more hours of work to go !! 
Long day of hanging with the family . Ready to relax and watch a movie , (( yes movie , not the superbowl ! )) and forget I have to work tomorrow : ) ... This whole having one day off at a time instead of having 2 consecutive days off is kicking my a ** . 
Happy v day !!! 
Beautiful Saturday morning ! Just left ihop , and now I'm stuffed !! I'm definitely enjoying my day off . 
feeling pregnant !! 
I actually want to believe him but ... actions speak a lot louder than words . So , Until I can see he can keep his word and handle the pressures of our situation . I'ma pretend he didn't say anything . 
Working my Saturday away as usual . Calls are back to back . Ughh ! 
I'm moving to Alabama with my hubby and were going to be professional cotton-pickers . My seven kids are going to love the small wood hut , can't wait to be there ! Bye everyone , I'll miss you ! I'll really miss < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! oH how will I survive ! 
I feel retarded today lol 
The pro's and con's of E Time . Its addictive . 
At the doctors about to See my baby !!! 
Wth ! When did this happen ?? And I read correctly ?? 
Oh its gonna be a long week , maybe even month . 
off for another day of work among other things ; ) 
Today is gonna be a good day ! 
At work ! Man I think I like coming in at 7 . 
time to wake up already !! 
Are You denying my payment ?!!! No , sir You didn't offer to make your payment , your arguing about how we sent your < PROPMALE > you Your < PROPMALE > ing address lol . 
I'm done man ! Almost done ! 
I need a day at the beach to sit out in The sun for a while and forget about the world . 
Getting my nails done . Something I have needed for a while now ;) 
Attention facebook ... I plan on killing < PROPFIRST > . 
It must be that time of year Where a lot of people are seeking change and may not always know how to go about it , or where to start . 
I dont know ... I just don't know ... well two hours of work down .... six more to Go . 
i did it ! I bought a car !! 
BREAKING NEWS : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Heck Over It . Any complaints about how we operate , can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with Dr. Sniffle Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . If you like this , repost it . If you don't ... suck it up cupcake ! Life doesn't revolve around you !! 
In love ..... with the new truck ! 
At work wondering if they will let us go home early so we can avoid these < PROPMALE > storms coming . Also wondering if there will really be hail !! 
day off yay ! 
Another day here at at&t ! Wishin today was over already :) 
