Happy New Years Everyone !!! Ringing in the new year at work with < PROPFIRST > tonight , woohoo :D everyone be safe ! 

Happy Friday everyone ! 
Hanging with my bff all day today and all day tomorrow , YAY !!! 
Off to the kitchen to start cooking ... yay :) 
Is there anyone out there that is playing Champions Online by < PROPMALE > ? 
tired of my family and their inconsiderate ways > < 
off to bed after a long somewhat nerve wracking day . Another long one ahead tomorrow . 
Aagghh it's house/heroes night ... yay !!! 
off to beddy-bye 
watching the notebook until bleach comes on , then sleep . 
is exhausted after another long day running around with mom . 
Yay , it's Saturday , now I just need to figure out where to start . 
waiting for < PROPFIRST > to wake up and hoping he feels better . 
Hanging out with friends ... YAY ! 
not feeling very good . 
Feeling worse , can't sleep and my tummy is killing me . 
Feeling almost as good as new , must have been something I ate :) 
waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get home so we can play some champions together . 
just finished watching Fringe and The Mentalist , great episodes . can't wait for mom to get home so i can watch Grey's Anatomy and Private Practice with her . 
Just finished book 4 of the Sookie Stackhouse novels . Can't wait to get my hands on books 5 and 6 . 
Don't you hate it when you get a song stuck in your head and no matter how many times you listen to it or no matter how many other songs you try to flush it out with , nothing and I mean nothing seems to work ? 
Heading out to put up Christmas lights today while it is so beautiful . 
It has been a long day , but it is almost time to relax and watch some House . 
Getting mom settled into the hospital . 
Mom is in the EMU ( epilepsy monitoring unit ) . She had a blackout type spell in September and 1 a month since then . It's not a real big deal right now , they just want to see if they can figure out what is causing it . They did find two tumors on her brain that are benign , but they are not sure if that is what is causing the \spells \"." 
Update : They want mom sleep deprived . As if it wasn't bad enough she only got about 4 hours of sleep before we came in Monday morning , but they want her to stay awake until 6am Tuesday morning and then sleep for a few hours , then stay awake from 11am to 11pm . Fun stuff , considering I will also be sleep deprived , lol . 
Off to bed , < PROPFEMALE > sleepy . 
Back to the hospital for the night shift . They are going to let her go to bed at 11pm . 
Another sleep deprived day at the hospital . Doctor's orders . 
YAY , mom had a spell . She is fine , but hopefully now they can figure out where to go from here . 
We are home , YAY . The spells she was having was fainting spells . Still not sure what is causing them , but we know one thing for sure , do NOT make mom laugh hysterically :D . Basically at least 3 of those spells she was laughing until she was purple , which given the right circumstances is really easy to do . Oh well , more tests to come . 
Thank you all for your birthday wishes ! :) 
Wishing I could just couch this stuff up and be done with it . I mean seriously , not even winter yet and this is the second time I have been sick since October . 
I love snow , but I hate when < PROPFIRST > has to work during it . 
Heading off to my grandma's house for our Christmas gathering , this is gonna be fun ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! :) 
Happy New Years ! Hope all my FB friends have a safe and happy holiday . AND drink one for me tonight ! :D 
So much to do today , so little sunlight in which to get it done . 
blue 
Everywhere N Messy 
5 more hours then it's me and my < PROPFIRST > for two whole days , YAY ! 
I am about to fall asleep in my chair , but I will not go to bed until I know < PROPFIRST > has gotten to work safely , and he's not leaving for another hour . Once he gets home in the morning I will start enjoying the beautiful snow . 
I am off to bed , not too often i actually sleep at night . I will probably be on this schedule off and on all month since mom has 6 different doctors appointments this month . 
I love my Saturday Night anime , I just wish [ AS ] would add some new ones . 
Happy Chinese New Year Everyone ! 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . ~ Dr. Seuss 
Friday is here again , where has this week gone ? 
Time to clean , clean , clean . Oh what fun :) 
Bored Bored Bored ! 
Can anyone recommend a good pet insurance company ? 
When it rains it really pours !! 
If anyone needs any AVON , I have an order going in Monday morning , just let me know . 
Thank you to all the veterans out there who fought for our freedom , and to those who continue to do so every day . 
Weeeeeeee 
Can anyone tell me when the Lewisville Parade is supposed to be this year ? 
Tomorrow is going to be great , family , friends , and lots of fun ! 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes , I appreciate it :D 
<~~ really needs this bad day to come to an end already ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , I hope everyone has a safe and wonderful holiday !! 
Spending New Years with < PROPFIRST > at work , YAY ! 
HUSBAND WEEK : If you have a husband who is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you the most even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married .... 7/04/02 I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
What's great for a snack and fits on your back ? 
