trying to still be super woman even when super sick 

still trying to find my place in this world 
shopping yesterday was crazy . got sum gud stuff for the kids tho . 
give me these moments .... give them back to me ... give me that little kiss .... give me your .... give me your hand babe < PROPMALE > 
just got back from super bingo .... it was horrible ... plus i didn't win a thing . 
i would love this weather if i could stay in , but it's like i'm a friggin taxi . 
went to a Christmas party at work tonight . everyone had so much fun . 
off of work today watching scare tactics ... so funny . 
just watched new < PROPFEMALE > .... it was sooo good . 
had fun last night with the fam 
wishing everyone a happy new year ! 
looks like nothing's gonna change ..... everything still remains the same ..... i can't do what ten people tell me to do .... so i guess i'll remain the same .......... sitting here resting my bones ... and this loneliness won't leave me alone ( sitting on the dock of the bay ) WELL HOPEFULLY 2010 WILL BE BETTER 
i think i need a drink 
got one hour of sleep before having to come back to work 
ohhh me oh me oh my 
so many games .... so little time . good night everybody . 
i test drove a car today and it stopped on me . all the lights started coming on . the check engine light .... the oil light .... the brake light .... the battery light . needless to say i did not get a car from that car lot . 
i'm so stiff . i need a massage . 
lookin forward to my 30th bday on sunday . man these years have flown by . 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes 
doing my best to become completely independent 
WE WON !!! YAY SAINTS !!! 
why do those women think they're really gonna find love on a reality show ... it's a show people . the < PROPFIRST > j reunion was crazy . 
I tried very hard not to cry like a baby in the movie theatre while watching Dear < PROPFIRST > . I did cry , but not like I would have if I would've watched it at home .. lol . It was a very good movie . 
my right hand is itching .... where's my money ??? 
bing da ding ding ding da < PROPFIRST > ding da ding ding ding 
ok ... i've finished reading twilight . now i'm halfway through new < PROPFEMALE > . i'm most likely gonna read eclipse again then finally breaking < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
it's a quarter after one ... i'm a little drunk and i need u now . yeah , i said i wouldn't call , but i'm a little drunk and i need u now . ( i can't get that song out of my head ) 
questioning if being one of a kind is such a good thing 
Happy Bday Mom !! I miss u and I luv u !! trying my best not to feel down wishing that i could see ur face and hear ur voice again . wishing I could hug u tight and kiss ur cheek . I know that u r still present in our lives even though we can't see u . I luv u MOM . 
took the kids to the circus last night ... they had so much fun 
i tuk d kiddos to d fair tonight . man dat shit is expensive . but dey had fun so dat's wat matters . gud night fb 
i put my perm in tonight . thank God no hair started coming out llike last time . lol 
it's time for some fucking serious changes 
can't wait to get my laptop back . 
just wright with < PROPFEMALE > latifa is a very good movie .... a must see . 
why do people try to force me to socialize ? i'm a loner a social phobic very awkward . if i'm not comfortable with something don't make me feel worse than i already feel . i've always been this way . if you don't like it stay away from me . 
i'm watching the mtv awards . < PROPFIRST > pattinson is soooo sexy . luv him . 
is about to watch Eclipse !!! 
is feeling great . it was a packed house last night watching Eclipse . Eclipse is so good . The best one so far . I'm planning to go see it again next week then again at the end of the month . < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are so hot . like < PROPFEMALE > , I'm team switzerland , lol . 
is very happy to be finished moving . 
was rear ended two nights ago and the girl that hit me has insurance with the same company . so , it's such a big headache trying to deal with all this plus take care of myself and everyone else . ** sighs ** 
enjoying my night off . back to taking care of business tomorrow . 
is not into watching sports , but I must admit I did enjoy watching the game tonight . YAY SAINTS WON !!!!! 
good morning fb . i woke up feeling much worse than i've already been feeling . thank God i'm off the next two days . now i can nyquil it up , lol . 
church was very good this morning . and it is very nice at the boardwalk . me and my boys saw jellyfish . 
is almost finished reading the gospels of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . it's a very good read . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
waiting to get off of work tonight so I can go straight to get my eclipse dvd . 
Why do some people feel they have to point out the obvious ? I need to lose weight ? You lyin ! I had no idea I'm fat ! I'm sooo glad you told me cause I would've never known . 
I'm taking my kids to their grandma's today . They are staying the whole week . Thank you Jesus ! 
Time to move on , move forward , be healthy and be happy . 
American Idol .... luvin it !!! 
