I am on a quest for ONE MILLION friends 

As it turns out no one ever thought I would make one of these , I wonder why ? 
Looks like another sleepless night 
I think I need to take some photos too . I don't have any 
is going to work then to the gym then back to work again . 
Bubble tea ! 
Is hammered and not going to the gym 
Has found his power animal 
Is getting back into the gym full time again . Finally . 
oh yeah still need pics . 
Just finished training at the gym and I'm very sore even my eyes hurt . It's time to rest now goodnight world !!! 
well i just figured something out 
Broke my can opener at work how am I supposed to open a can of tuna ? 
I wish there was a way to hard boil three dozen eggs at once 
Just felt the need to update my status 
never mix jack3d and N.O shotgun thinking its just gonna make your work out that much more intense . Trust me it will not . 
It's time 
is hungry . im always hungry latly . 
Tanning pills , sunless tanning pills ???? \ 
whats coming next ? \ 
penis enlargement lube ?? 
I was unaware it has become either too hard or too inconvenient for some people to behave correctly . 
Beers ?? 
Today the crab was < PROPMALE > . 
Well I've been missing the gym lately but I'm starting to feel much better now . My back is feeling a lot better and I have a whole new focus on my training . Things are going to get a lot more crazy but that's why I do it . 
You are going to feel pain , fatigue , and exhaustion . You are going to sweat . 
It is your focus , \ 
You are the motivation . \ 
It is YOUR wall to break down and YOUR castle to rebuild . \ 
There are no excuses . \ 
There is no finish line . 
why do they sell energy drinks by the gallon now ??? 
Last beer then it's time for bed 
\A single minded purpose day in and day out is a powerful thing . There \ 
Height : 5 feet , 6 inches\ 
\ 
Weight : 165 pounds\ 
Your BMI is 26.6 , indicating your weight is in the Overweight category \ 
for adults of your height . For your height , a normal weight range would \ 
be from 115 to 154 pounds . \ 
25.0 — 29.9 \ 
\ 
Overweight\ 
\ 
Its over . 
If \ 
you have an hour , will you not improve that hour , instead \ 
of idling it away ? -\ 
Lord Chesterfield 
If an \ 
exercise is important for the training goals of a program , then it should \ 
be placed at the beginning of the training session , whether or not it \ 
is a large or a small muscle group exercise . 
homemade protein bars turned out pretty good 
Beat the original soul caliber twice now on to the pool table it's sooo early still 
Been kicked out of the \family\ " area now wondering around the halls of the hotel drunk kinda weird " 
i hate small paperclips 
The road to our dreams is often a lonely one . Sacrifices and dedication are our map , motivation and determination will get us there . 
Took the day off no gym no cardio no dungeon after work just cooking food . Feels nice tomorrows gonna be good day for weights . 
i bought a pistol today 
why am I still up and why am I still drinking ?? 
Why is there a thumbs up for the \like\ " button and not a middle finger for the \ " fuck off\ " button ? " 
God made Habaneros for me too enjoy with everything 
Official estimates of holiday \ 
fat gain are all over the place . One study reported 8-10 pounds . The \ 
average person reports five . In these cases , it's assumed that the \ 
typical American loses most of it come January . Now , the latest study \ 
says that we only gain a pound of fat every holiday season . But there's a\ 
catch : we never lose it . Ever . And by our middle years it really starts to show up . 
Where can I get a burger at this hour ??? 
i could use a shot 
335 is just a disappointing number for me today 
\Be consistent . Inconsistency is the number one thing that I see holding most people back who aren’t where they want to be . \"" 
protein shake and cold stuffing , yum . 
Pretty sure brownie cake is counter productive to cardio . 
Is still not happy about the nutrition store closing . GNC is still a joke and better health cant compare , and from what i hear EDGE nutrition sells snake oil , so that's out also . Now I'm long over due on vitamins and unhappy . 
\You can have the greatest program laid out for you 
Squats till you puke = 1 set . Now on to the next one . 
I welcome the challenges the days have in store me . Every time I'm forced to push my self I know I will grow . I push my limits everyday , everyday I pay my dues , I give my all to everything just so I have a reason to dig deeper . Nothing will get me down I'll get up stronger and stand my ground . 
I can only take one day at a time . Sure I can plan , but I can't plan for surprises . I can change but I can't change what has been done . I can only try to improve on what I know and learn what I don't . Every failure just gets me closer to the answer but every answer gives me a new question . So I never forget where I came but never lose sight where I want to go . Keep your head up and stand your ground . 
Enjoy the company of your loved ones , enjoy doing the things you love , embrace change welcome challenge and confront fear . 
If we never struggle to climb the mountain well never enjoy the sight from its peak . 
just won the most epic game of disc golf 
tired as hell legs hurt calfs are sore i think its time to call it a night 
Shoulders sore abs hurt and forearms burn but I'm clean , fed and ready for bed . 
390 !!! \ 
That's a new pr !! Well see how it feels tomorrow . 
Rotator cuff exercises- probably the most underrated part of shoulder training but one of the most important . Spend the extra time to avoid injury . 
\IF YOU REALLY WANT TO TRAIN MORE THAN 3 DAYS A WEEK YOU CAN DO IT . \ 
Pr broken today after a power nap , now to celebrate with some sleep . Exciting , I know . 
You cannot plough a field by \ 
turning it over in your mind . \ 
- Author Unknown 
Rice-modern marvels , gotta be a good one 
not sure why i bought a tv and forgot a stand ?? so its just gonna set on the floor for now 
Why does everyone have a cell phone but no one answers it ??? 
Taking a much needed break from lifting and enjoying a beer 
I need 2 milk crates hit me up if you have em 
Had some good < PROPFIRST > on the squat today plus implemented an old training style , great workout . On a side not , im surprised they didnt set off the alarm . 
Just got back from the gym and im just disappointed with what I saw 
Got some bad news , squats are out for now until the ol hip feels better . Gotta give it a rest I guess , so leg curls is the new squats for now . 
start doing the things you hate until you love them and youll notice how you get better at doing the things you love 
