Is back home . Had a great peaceful time at the beach , and a very awesome new years < PROPFEMALE > . Also started the year with awesome food . I'm excited about 2010 ! 

3 days to JMU 
2 days !!! OMG !! 
Tomorrow !!! YAY . 
Harrisonburg , VA . 
classes tomorrow !!! 
is getting ready to sleep during critical thinking class . ZzZz 
I'm done with classes !! Uhull !!! 
Incrdible how playing guitar can improve my mood . I should play all day today .... 
I think eating sushi is also good for my mood .. Uhmmm ... such a crazy day . 
what's up with me seeing old pictures ? i thought i was trying to improve my mood ... 
should have put sunscreen today . I think sometimes my brain just turn off ... 
is drawing her room for class . Finally some homework that doesn't make me sleepy . 
My nose makes me look like a clown . Maybe I can find a job and have a use for it . 
should be doing something useful . 
is feeling happy ! Yay ! Maybe is because I'm going to eat brazilian food today and friday ! 
is eating cookies ! 
is exausted . And it's not because I haven't slept enough . 
is listening to Paramore new album . No opinion yet ... 
out to make brigadeiro . hope it works . 
fail . 
or not !! uhulll !!! 
I <3 < PROPMALE > !!! I <3 Glee !!! 
Anyone want to do my homework for me so I can watch Dollhouse ? kthnxbai 
Finishing the brigadeiro ! it's so good . Then i'm doing homework . 
wants to eat . But doesn't want to walk in the rain . 
have just had lunch . I discovered what my problem was . I was just hungry . 
How can a movie with < PROPFEMALE > Hathaway and < PROPFEMALE > Latifah seems boring ? One of the many misteries in life . 
ooohhh . new girltrash episode is amazing . watching it for the hundredth time . parts of it , anyway . =D Had a little Xena < PROPFEMALE > vu ... 
Ohhhh !! I've never been so glad to see the sun ! I missed u sun ! =) 
can't wait 4 < PROPFEMALE > Keys ' new CD ! 
Dear Stalker , stop tagging my pictures when they are in MY album . kthnxbye 
Dear Brain , plz to wake up now . It's enough to buy a chicken sandwich even though i'm vegetarian . 
For those of you without umbrela on a rainy day : just use a plastic bag . It's totally not weird . 
is drinking lots of coffee so she don't sleep during critical thinking class . Even though she doesn't learns anything in that class . 
I'm gonna kick my computer out the window ... Maybe it will work then ... 
Dear Safari , plz to work now . I don't like Explorer . kthnxbye 
loves birthday gift . Even though she is pretty sure she's gona become obese =) . 
I hope I can finish my < PROPMALE > project today . By today I mean before midnight ! 
I wanna finish my < PROPMALE > project so I can play guitar . Maybe I should < PROPMALE > in music after all ... 
just ruined 1/3 of her < PROPMALE > project . and it just keep getting worse . 
Best Album of the Universe : Despite Our Diferences - Indigo Girls . 
is really mad at people who uses my stuff as if it were theirs , mainly when it is my flash drive that has my essay that is due tomorrow , which I happen to not be done with . 
is getting ready to draw stuff all day . Not for fun though ... I wish it was ... 
I wish my drawing would draw itself . Would make my life much easier . 
Today is the slowest day ever . 
iTunes , why do you not obey me ? I hate you ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Night FTW ! 
had a lot of fun camping ! But now I'm really tired . 
I <3 condensed milk . 
Yay ! Done with homework ! 
I'm really not in the mood to draw for 2:30 and listening to the teacher complain about everything . Someone needs to tell her being happy is good for your health and she makes everybody's lifetime in the class smaller cause she infects us with her unhappiness . ( Sorry if I don't make any sense ... ) 
Can't wait to see my parents and my sis ! Just have to go through 3 days of boring classes ... 
Note to Self : Do not put an open bottle that is not empty under your chair . You'll surely kick it and spill it everywhere . 
Anyone who's living on campus next year want to be my roomate ? 
Trying to figure out what is a complex thing for < PROPMALE > class . I'll give myself a prize when any of my < PROPMALE > projects make sense . But that's < PROPMALE > , right ? It doesn't need to make sense , right ? 
Mommy , daddy and sis are leaving home ! Hope they have a great travel . See you guys 4:50 in the bookstore thursday =D 
Wondering how can a person have everyday as the worst day in their lifes . Also wondering why do I have to hear about it everyday . It gets tiring after the first 100 times ... 
OMG !! No < PROPMALE > class !! Is this a good day to start the day or what ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Lawless is the most amazing person in the world ! 
Wish I could go to the ME meeting tonight ... Critical thinking class I hate you . 
Mommy , daddy and sis should be in < PROPFEMALE > already . Hope they have fun visiting Washington . And that they don't try to call me during class ... 
a moment of peace is worth every war behind us 
is scared about her portifolio review . =/ 
is glad she didn't got an F in the portifolio review . ( Barely . The teacher didn't give me one for benefit of the doubt . ) 
Hot chocolate is the highlight of my day . Too bad it means I'm studying . 
It's incredible how I can have both good and unlucky day . Never had this experience before . 
Seeing parents today ! Uhul ! 
I think all my professors got together and decided to cancel half of my classes . Not that I mind ... 
I'm gonna use my taekwondo skills on my computer . It so needs to be kicked . 
I wonder why my most recent musics were updated on 11/01/09 . As far as I'm aware , this hasn't happen yet . 
is exausted . I hate shopping ( please people , don't kill me ) . 
is spending the night with her parents . I hope they let me do homework though ... lol . I'll miss them when they're gone ! 
I stayed a whole day without computer . Must be my new record . 
should be either organizing her room or doing homework . 
Dear hands , I know I'm killing you by drawing with charcoal everyday , but stop being so dry . It's bad for you . kthnxbye 
It's hard to concentrate on a paper when you are almost sleeping . 
is glad parents made home well . =) 
' You said I love you like the stars above , gonna love you till I die ' 
Anybody wants to build a museum on harrisonburg so I can make a review ? 
My next assignment acording to the teacher : \Bring your sketchbook everywhere and make drawings of people on daily activities . Just make sure you're not too drunk or stoned to do it . Not that I encourage those activities . \"" 
2 pages done , 2 to go ... I just hope it's not raining when ( if ) I'm done . 
The only cool thing about rainy days are rainbow umbrellas . 
plans on finishing her paper today so she can spend the weekend doing < PROPMALE > homeworks ( because that is so much more fun . NOT ) 
Please Dollhouse don't get canceled =) 
is trying to convince herself that she shouldn't sleep all weekend ... 
Glee soundtrack is so addicting ! 
discovered she can actually see the game from her floor . 
is watching the band perform from my window . Yay ! 
Oh , rain , why did you come back ? 
I <3 Aoi < PROPFEMALE > 
is not going to dinner . Pringles will have to do . 
Ohhh , Girltrash ! musical ? With Spashley ? My biggest dream just came true !! 
had a fun weekend doing nothing her room . I love having one of those once in a while . 
is really annoyed right now . What a way to end a great weekend . 
is not feeling very well . 
OMG !!! Lady Gaga is going to be in Beyoncé's new video . Is this the most awesome thing ever or what ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Keys is amazing . Her new video is awesome ! 
Coffee , why aren't you having any effect ? I need you for critical thinking class . 
fails at life today . ( more than the normal , that is ) 
Writing about Carnaval is so much fun . I wish all my papers were about that . 
Facebook is back . kinda . hope it will be really back soon . 
Ahhhh .... I want to go to Carnaval next year . Writing about it remains me of how much fun I had this year . 
I'm outta my pain , so I'm goin ' back to L.A. 
Any boring night can be fixed by a good book . I missed reading =) 
wonders how the new facebook looks like . She's using the lite version , because the normal won't work ... 
Writing critical reviews is not my thing . I have to use my memory about the < PROPMALE > I've seen , but I don't have the best memory for this kinda thing . Can't wait to hear my teacher saying I didn't put much detail about the pieces . 
My < PROPMALE > teachers decided that I shouldn't have a weekend this week . 
the sky is really scaring me right now . maybe it's a sign I should be looking at my homework . 
One pill makes you larger and one pill makes you small , and the pills that mother gives you don't do anything at all . Go ask < PROPFEMALE > when she's ten feet tall . 
Dear people at home , don't be mad at my new blog post . I was tired and in bad mood . And I know I could just delete it , but I won't because it's the truth . 
Ate brigadeiro =) its so yummy ! 
Finally done with my Carnaval paper . Changed my mind , it's not fun to write about it . 
Today is such a beautiful day =) Beautiful days make me happy . 
' Well , who wants to be cooped up on a day like this ? The sun is shining , there's songs going on ... those guys are checking you out . ' 
You know you've been too much in the library when you go get something to drink and find out it's raining ... 
Class then walmart . I just hope it's not raining then . 
Doing my halloween costume . If you see a crazy person making stakes , it's me =) 
Just in got my degree in clumsy . I acquired that by spilling a bottle of ink on my stuff . Luckily my roomate was near to save me , and my room is not black . 
loves her anthropology class . The teacher is going to make a topic on discussion board to post pics of halloween costumes !!! 
it's done with her costume !! 
thinks her family is cursed to broke their arm ... just hope i'm not the next in line 
Had a fun night =) 
Is gonna use paint on class today . For some reason I don't think it's a good idea . 
I would say my day couldn't get any worse , but I know it can and it will if I say so . So I'm just gonna be myself , and don't say anything . 
How can I show pictures to my family if my computer won't work . I hate you computer . A LOT !!! 
I'm so happy about the construction outside my dorm . They are making noise all night long . How they expect students to do well if they have no sleep and headaches during the whole night . Did I mention it's all night long ? 
uhhh . Giant caramelized apple !! I love my mom !! 
Dear sore throat , you have to go away now . Nobody likes you . 
iTunes , why are you playing only depressive songs ? You're stupid . 
doesn't understand the fun in breaking all elevators light . 
Had a very fun afternoon . =D 
What the hell was the antropology class about ? I didn't think I would need to know economics to understand it . I never felt so lost in a class like today . 
I wish I had found out about my cancelled class before I went to the < PROPMALE > studio . Not that I'm complaining or anything . 
Guess who have the worst class schedule for next semester ?!!? I can say bye to sleep , and fridays ... 
I thought that only mondays were suposed to suck . Not tuesdays . 
Dear Guitar , thanks for improving my mood . My day may be bad , but it's worst with bad mood . 
Thanks girls for helping my day end good . I needed to laugh ! 
is almost done with her < PROPMALE > project . 
<3 < PROPFEMALE > Sykes . Her new show is awesome !! 
is so happy about having only one class tomorrow , even though it's an 8 am class . ( That way I can have a gingerbread latte without facing a huge line !! ) 
Lunch and then drawing toothpicks =/ . 
< PROPFEMALE > ... toothpick drawing ... yeah ... not gonna happen . I'm sure I'll regret this tomorrow . 
Bad mood , go away . 
1 month to go home =) 
is so happy she doesn't have class until 1:30 . 
doesn't like < PROPMALE > projects that keep her from sleeping . Mainly when they are stupid and useless . 
wishes the news were not always about war , violence and disagreement . We need more news about cute animals !! =) 
fails ! 
doen't like people who think they are the only one in the world with classes and responsabilities . I'm not free the whole day just to help people out and answer my phone . 
My ipod has a very weird sense of humor . It kept playing song about sun . It's not funny ipod . 
is sure she is gonna forget something . Even though she's sure she got everything . 
Dear tiredness , i hate you . Go away . 
Finnaly at the hotel . Watching Hairspray !! I <3 < PROPFEMALE > Latifah . 
The light just turned on by itself ... Should I be scared ? 
is in Florida and so glad to be out of the cold ! 
ate rice and beans =D It's so good to eat brazilian food !! 
wants to watch glee . They music of the week are awesome ! 
Critical review writing still not my thing ... At least I'm done with 1/21 of my < PROPMALE > homework for the week . 
Why did my coutry have another blackout this year ? How can I look stuff up about a previous one for an essay when only stuff about the new one show up ? 
got to watch her favorite TV show from when she was a kid , < PROPFEMALE > the Teenage Witch =) And I still love it . 
Is not ready to go back =( 
Had an awesome time with her aunt ! 
Yep , just broke a key from my keyboard . It's official now , my computer is literally falling apart . 
is back to JMU . 
Is excited about going home and getting away from the cold . Only 2 more weeks ! 
Today is a historical day . I only said my name once when ordering a hot chocolate . 
It's a very nice say outside . I wish I didn't have to study/go to class . 
Loves the sunset near the lake . It's to only cool thing about living where I do . 
Anybody going to washington on the 11th ? 
loves listening to the xmas song while on the bus . 
I really don't like my facebook right now . I also think it has no right to suggest what I should do . 
Done with classes !! Now only 1 portifolio review , 1 < PROPMALE > project , 1 essay and 1 final . That is , if I survive the portifolio review to begin with ... 
Hate check out hours of hotels . What the hell am I supposed to do with a huge bag from 11 am to 6pm in Washington ? 
should be studying . or packing . but that's not happening ... 
Feels extremely useless about her day . At least I started packing ... 
Had a very interesting ride in the elevator ... Next time I'm taking the stairs ... 
I seem like a kid seeing snow ! So excited !!! It's soooo Beautiful !! 
Last Xmas + Glee = perfect xmas song ! 
Listening to < PROPMALE > xmas song reminds me of home ! 
I don't think using my credit card to open the door works . I need to remind myself of that ... 
Is going to fail in drawing . Portifolio is veeery bad ! 
It's incredible how some people don't have any respect to others who are studying , but demand a huge amount for them . 
Is getting ready to get mad at myself for being clumsy when painting ! 
Listening to glee while studying make it not so bad =) 
just ruined her project she spent the whole day doing , cut her finger and kicked a water cup all over the room , now half of the material is wet too . Did I mention I was almost done with the project , and I have no time tomorrow to do it ? Yep , I'm such a lucky person . FML 
Figured out what to do about her ruined < PROPMALE > project . Unfortunately that doesn't mean I'll get any sleep ... 
5 hours and 1 pencil later , and my sketchbook still not done . I'll just try again tomorrow ... 
woke up in a mood to get stuff done . Finally my mood has a perfect timing ! 
rain , I hate you . 
Should have listened to herself earlier . 
Done with portifolio . Heading to the < PROPMALE > studio to finish project and the have my review . After that , I'll probably be done with < PROPMALE > . 
had an awesome portifolio review and her project look great ! 
is excited about glee , but sad at the same time . 3 months is too much ! 
Playing pool with me or around me tonight was very dangerous . 
almost done packing . then studying for last final . 
Final on friday , I hate you . I could be home tomorow morning , but nooo , you had to happen . Now I have to wait until monday . 
is sure I won't be able to study everything for the test tomorrow and studying what I know less about is not working , considering that I'm almost sleeping on the book . 
dinner break then more study . I think there is still hope that I will finish everything ! 
is done and very happy about her decision to come to JMU . Can't wait for next semester =) 
bye bye jmu 
is finally at the hotel , after getting lost in washington , on the freezing weather , with a huge bag . What a good day . 
Glee time !! Finally !! 
I love the fact that everytime I stay at a hotel I get to see my favorite musicals on TV ! 
taking pictures of maps on her computer because she forgot a pen to < PROPFIRST > on the map . At least now I won't get lost . 
Time for lunch . Cheesecake Factory is waiting for me ! 
hoooomeeee ! 
is making her sister addicted to Glee ! 
Is happy about her grades , except her critical thinking grade . It's not my fault I'm not fluent in english , or is it ? 
has a new haircut . It is awesome ! 
tryed to help her mom make cookies . and failed miserably . 
had a great dinner with her family ! 
decorated cookies and gingerbread houses and made pizza with wraps . Looking at last sentence it may seem like I actually know how to cook . I don't . 
had a good time finally seeing her friends yesterday . 
I still haven't get used to brazilian time . I bet that will happen one day before I leave . 
Way to suck , TV . 30 minutes to Glee , and you decide to fail . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
is very happy about < PROPFEMALE > Rueder's accomplishment . You worked hard and made it ! I'm so happy for you !! 
Going to the beach . Happy new year to everybody ! 
Happy 2011 ! Conseguimos escapar do transito infernal de final de ano !!! 
Just discovered I'm actually going back on the 7th ... ( My flight is midnight ! ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Rodriguez on Avatar FTW ! 
Farewell dinner number one tonight . Mom's family + Outback . 
Only 3 more days till I go back ! 
is saying bye to her friends today . 
There is a reason I don't like wearing heels . Getting stuck in the elevator door is never fun . 
packing . Then airport . Bye-bye home . 
is in the airport . Discovered her flight is 1 hour late , meaning i'll be late for my second flight . FML 
is in Harrisonburg and very cold . 
JMU ! 
Dinner at ehall = awesome ! So good to be back . 
fails with my english today . didn't think three weeks would affect me this much . 
Had a good first day . 
New < PROPFEMALE > Keys album is amazing ! 
My gmail account is either crazy or stupid . It says it's snowing back at home . I know the weather has been crazy , but snow is a little too much . 
is excited about her greek history class . Is not so excited to how much reading she's gonna have to do to said class , all in a very counfusing english . 
loves hot chocolate ! 
If schools were to close everytime it rained too much back at home , we would never have class . 
\The man does better who runs from disaster than he who is caught by it \"" 
Spartacus has the most awesome visual effects ever !! 
there's a rainbow outside !! 
Dear cellphone , I hate you . Why do stop working when I NEED to make a call ? 
I totally won the game at ME meeting tonight ! 
tommorow will be such a god day . I hope I have time to breath ... 
class . international career day . bowling . I wish I could just skip the first two . 
watching Imagine Me & You and drinking hot chocolate ! 
has a fairly clean and organized room . lets see how long that will last ... 
hates forgeting words . 
the < PROPFEMALE > is beautiful ! 
is tired of believing everything i tell myself . 
lady gaga + < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > = awesomeness ! 
had a dream that included waterfalls , moving statues and mountains . I'm having weird dreams and it's not even the end of semester . ( I have weird dreams when I'm stresed out and tired . ) 
yay for getting class canceled ! ( even though I had to walk to memorial to find out about it ) 
Really don't understand what american politicians see in my country's president . If he was that good , we wouldn't have so much crap in the government . 
Hate feeling like I have too much stuff to do , but I really don't ... 
thinks that her greek culture class would be awesome if not for the akward teacher that does not seem to know what he is doing . 
Yay for getting my class cancelled already ! No classes tomorrow !!! 
Dear Brain , I know giving you caffeine was fun and you went crazy for most of the day , and I couldn't pay attention to anything or anyone for most of the time , but it's time to do work . Stop being so crazy . It's not like you had a lot of caffeine anyway ... 
Estou bem e no meu quarto . Mais detalhes no blog em breve =) 
Love the fact that we're having a 4-day weekend !! 
attempt to do my reading ( that was due today ) FAILS . 
I should be awarded with a prize for forgetting the dress i was going to wear tonight at home , and only checking to see if I got it today . I'm so smart . 
Dear day , thank you for not being a crap like yesterday . you couldn't get any better actually . Love , Me 
exercised for the first time in 2010 . I feel so proud of myself ! ( Not really ) 
Got a virus on her computer . I'm so lucky . My computer is old , grumpy and sick . I'm starting to get suspicious it might be a real person . 
My computer is dead . Anybody have a windows XP cd I could borrow ? It's my last hope . 
I don't have a computer anymore , at least for 2 weeks . If you want to contact me , my phone is the best option . 
Not having my own computer is really annoying me . I wish I could check my e-mail whenever I wanted , and not having to bother people to do it . 
FAILS 
Yay for no mid-terms until next week . 
starts working tomorrow ! 
wants to stop reading stuff about greek people and play guitar . 
hates prepositions . 
Listening to my itunes playlist just reminds how weird my music taste was/is . 
Done with midterms . 2 classes to go . 
guess who dumped her JACcard , flash drive , and credit card behind the washing machine ? And guess who have work on that flash drive that is due tomorrow ? Yep , that would be me . FML 
My roommate to saved my life . 
OMG , Glee is having a summer tour . I'm so not going home . 
Spring break !!! 
Getting ready for DC day 1 . A beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day 1 . 
<3 cupcakes ! 
<3 < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
reading at the Washington Harbour = Best day ever ! 
can't wait to see The Runaways . 
is watching Snow White ! 
homework day . and possibly < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland . 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland = my new favorite movie . 
doesn't like the time change . 
Anybody want to go the Glee show with me ? 
needs to watch < PROPFEMALE > again . Just need to find time . 
has an awesome job ! 
nobody want to go to the glee show with me ? 
is hearing music as loud as she can and forgetting the world . 
has a pretty annoying paper due tomorrow . Not half way done , and I have no idea what to write anymore . FML 
My itunes is on disney or disney related songs mood . 
Had a very inspiring weekend . It was awesome ! 
This is week is finally over . Now I can finally sleep and not do work . 
My room is finally clean . 
I'll figure it out as soon as I figure it out 
can't do my homework if I'm sleeping . Maybe I should just take a nap instead , and hope I dream that I'm doing homework . 
Is anyone looking for a roomate to live on campus or know somebody that needs one ? I really need to find someone ASAP !!! 
Feliz Páscoa/ Happy Easter !! 
Dear Dreams , please go find a new theme or whatever . I'm tired of the same annoying dream every night . I'm done . 
I must have been really hungry when I wrote my paper . Instead of ' it ' I put ' eat ' . 
rain , go away . 
Dear GCOM book , there is nothing positive in benevolent sexism . Being seen as someone who needs to be protected is not a positive stereotype to women . You suck , Me . 
Glee's \The Power of Madonna\ " should have been named \ " The Power of Will Schuester \"" 
nap and free popsicle at the Quad ! I love my life ! 
FML 
exactly one month until the Glee concert .... not that i'm counting or anything ... 
Yay for class getting canceled and not having to do a stupid test today . 
done with classes ! 4 finals to go . 
i knew everything in my gcom study guide and still didn't do well . I just don't understand life sometimes . Should I not study for my next final and expect to do well ? 
I was going to e-mail my mom . Then I realized she is probably on a plane on her way here . I guess I will just talk to her when she gets here =D 
To Glee or not to Glee that is the question . 
\I don't know how to turn on a computer \"" 
Awesome night to end an awesome year ! =) 
Most exhausting day ever . 2 finals , a bunch of stuff to turn in and packing , packing , packing . I don't even understand words anymore . I'm impressed I can write and make sense . 
I'm not home , but not at JMU either . DC today , Florida tomorrow ! 
Half baked and S'mores ice cream ! Best way to start the summer ! 
Feliz < PROPFEMALE > das Maes/Happy Mothers Day ! 
No internet til thursday . 
back online . Awesome few days at the beach . I'm pretty sure I'm as white as I was before , but thats ok , I still have a few months of summer . 
Guess I'm not coming back to Hburg today , in DC for the night . After missing my flight , I had to wait for 3 more flights till I got a place . Sooo tired . I hope my mom have a good flight ! 
Its colder here then it is at home , even though its almost summer here and almost winter there . WTF ? 
NY next weekend ! All things set ! 
Afternoon at the arboretum was awesome . I missed the sun ! 
Re-watching < PROPFEMALE > , all seasons . 
Seeing my father and sister pillow fight through skype . I love my family ! 
OMGaga ! Best episode of Glee ever . Poker Face was the best song ! And the Burt-Kurt-Finn scene almost made me cry . 
Packing for the weekend . I'm dead . I'm pretty sure my head will explode soon . 
Going to NY , If the train get here today . 
I would get off at the wrong train station . Ny finnaly 
Off to explore the city . First stop : food . 
my adventure was a success . I walked from 87 to time square and back . Yes , I am crazy 
Glee and Promises , Promises tomorrow . It's gonna be the best day ever ! 
Glee was amazing . Also seeing < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > walking down the street , and the special apperance of < PROPFIRST > . And < PROPFEMALE > was the best part . Now promises , promises with < PROPFEMALE > chenoweth . Best day ever 
Heading back 2 hburg soon . This weekend was awesome ! 
Best thing about staying @ hostel is meetin a bunch of interesting people . 
just moved to her new place ! 
I'm pretty sure there is a zoo outside my window . I've heard about 10 different animals . 
Must be the longest blog I've ever written . People at home , you better be happy . Not that I'm not enjoying writing about my awesome weekend . 
\I'm so depressed \"" 
My guitar sounds so beautiful right now , like a cat screaming , if that makes any sense at all . 
\What do you get when you fall in love ? You only get lies and pain and sorrow So for at least until tomorrow I'll never fall in love again . \"" 
Yep , most depressing movie I've ever seen . 
I want a TV so I can watch Glee =( 
What a great way to start the day . My bus crashed . 
Ice Cream and the possible going to the pool ! =) 
Good thing about not being home summer 2010 ? Not having to put up with the World Cup . It's the only time brazilians care about the country , but ignore all the crap that is really important , like starving children , violence and corruption . 
Sometims I wish I could erase some stupid people from my life . 
Watching the < PROPFIRST>'s and eating some brazilian food . Life is good ! 
Yep , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > has the best voice in the universe . 
I hate having creative outburst just before going to sleep . And now that I actually have photoshop , it's really hard convincing myself I should sleep . 
The only bad thing about not being home during World Cup is that I don't get to gather with family and friends and have fun . =( 
Just walked about 10 minutes in the rain . It was fun , and there was a beautiful rainbow =) 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > Burana and reminding myself how much I love it . Also , how much I was scared of it when I was a kid . Good times ... 
I wonder why it took me forever to remember how much I like to draw . It was the only thing that calmed me today . And I don't suck that much ! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Saramago . You were one of the best writers . Wrote the favorite book I read at school . The world will miss someone as smart as you =( 
Today the best brazilian celebration is happening . And guess where I am ? Not home . =( 
Skype with my whole family during the match . Making rice and beans to feel more at home . =) 
Is going home soon . I can only hope I won't be locked out . I swear I will kick the door down if I am . 
iTunes cleaning . Hopefully that will inspire me to do something about my room . 
I'm trying to understand why do I have so many rap in my playlist . I never went through a rap phase . Must be from my \download anything that I will never listen in my life\ " phase . " 
\It took me 88 years to find out I got game . \"" 
My ears are very happy to be listening to the cast recording of Promises , Promises ! 
While most brazilians were watching a game with Germany and England playing , our volleyball team was kicking ass against Holland . But obviously , who would care ? And people wonder why I hate soccer so much . 
Estou presa no porao da biblioteca ate o fim do < PROPFEMALE > . Nunca mais reclamarei de trabalhar na outra biblioteca . Pelo menos tinha janela . 
The sky is the most beautiful color I've ever seen right now . 
I'm not letting it happen this time . Not again . 
I had a feeling today would be a good day . I was right ! =D 
Dear Dr. < PROPFIRST > New from Florida , \ 
\ 
You make me sick . People like you should never be doctors . \ 
k thx bai 
Brazil lost and I don't care . I think that makes me a bad brazilian ... 
needs a hair cut . 
Grilled cheese =D 
Had way too much coffee . 4 cups in 30 minutes . No need to say I'm jumping up and down . Should do this more often . I like having energy ! 
There will be a < PROPFEMALE > Spears Glee episode . I'm crying . I'm going mute every time there is a song . ;-( And no , I'm not being sarcastic . 
Watching the first < PROPMALE > Potter . They are so small ... Its so cute !!! 
Covert Affairs is my new favorite TV show . < PROPFEMALE > Perabo is great as ever ! 
I'm probably going to be murdered by all brazilians , but thumbs up to < PROPFEMALE > . I'm impressed , really . 
It should be illegal to be as unlucky as I am . But I am home , so I don't care . Home sweet home =) 
Off to see the the family . Happy to be home ! 
Had a great day with great people . It's gonna be sad to say bye =( 
Organizing place to cheese and wine with everybody later today and listening to glee . Great day ! 
Conclusion of tonight : My family has cheese to last a lifetime . Too bad I won't be at home to eat it all . 
is dead . I want to sleep forever . 
Glee reruns FTW =) 
Tonight I'm going to sleep with a smile on my face thankfully to the step towards equality made in < PROPFEMALE > . I might not be < PROPFEMALE > n , but I'm still proud of the country . 
I'm finally moving on . This time for good , I hope . 
I was reading a book in portuguese and I came across the word sugar . I wondered why was there an english word in the book . Then I realized it was portuguese . FAIL 
My professor just told a story about a guy who couldnt turn on a computer and turned out to be good at computer science . That makes me feel better about the fact i dont know anything about the < PROPMALE > . 
I think I have a ghost roommate . I've seem her twice since friday . 
So far so good . 
Done with first week . I feel proud that I manage to not sleep at any classes . 
I feel like someone beat me up . Oh , wait , that did happen ... 
Dear Universe , can you please erase today off of my life . I would greatly appreciate it . 
People at home : NEW BLOG ! Yes , I'm still alive ! 
My plan for tomorrow : drink buckets of coffee and don't act like a zombie . =) 
I think it's about time . 
Reading an assignment I did while almost falling asleep is fun . All I have to do now is figure out what I was trying to say . 
I need sleep . And to watch glee . I don't think either will happen til the weekend . 
You need to know a new language to understand my notes . I've never been so happy for the existence of multiple-choice tests like I am now 
Glee DVD and a TV = Best bday gift ever =) <3 My family !!! Thanks a lot =) I miss you guys ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes =D 
No , I wasn't joking when I said I would mute my TV during < PROPFEMALE > Spears music on Glee . 
Seeing my mom tomorrow . All I need to do is survive my two exams before that . 
On my music test there was a question bout a father and son that were in something to do with folk music . One of the answer options was Usher and < PROPFIRST > Bieber . It was really hard to not laugh . 
Just failed my first test . YAY ! 
It was nice to see my mother . It was not nice to be a punch bag for my TKD instructor who decided to take his stress out on us . 
is cold and tired . and possibly sick =( 
Just got more sleep from a nap at the library then the last two nights together . =/ 
People at my Tae Kwon Do class think we will get superpowers and conquer the world with what we learn . Last time I checked superpowers ( sadly ) don't exist . 
Starting my weekend early ! Class cancelled . Now im going to sleep . Someone wake me monday morning . 
Having to argue about how < PROPMALE > Potter books will not draw children into the \occult\ " or whatever is so much fun . Wish all my assignments were like that . " 
For those that didn't know , I'm crazy . For those that did , it's worst then you thought . 
Had brazilian music in my music class . It was interesting to see it from another point of view . Actually , I'm impressed the professor didn't make any mistakes about our history . 
I feel like the glee writers are copying and pasting scenes from last season to this season . Guy singing in the shower , girl cleaning guy with slushy . Very original . 
My brain is about to blow up , and the week hasn't even started . Yay ! 
Put this as your status if you are , know or love someone who is in the LGBTQAQI community . Our wish is that people will understand being gay is not a disease or a choice . People who are gay are not looking for a cure , they are looking for acceptance and equal rights . 93% won't copy and paste this . 
o meu livro sobre historia do filme : americanos fizeram isso , inovaram isso , or europeus fizeram aquilo , mas os americanos fizeram melhor , entao ignore os europeus . Eles tambem inovaram isso , apesar de ser racista , e outros americanos fizeram um contra racismo , mas nao liga pra eles nao , porque nao sao importantes . Uma imagem otima pra pessoas internacionais ... 
Yay naps ! 
World watch out : the mexican terrorist ants could attack any day ! <3 Glee so much ! 
Stupid Lab . Took me 3 hours to finish , and I have no idea what I did in order to make it work . 
I've been wanting to watch the corpse bride all week ... Guess whats on right now ? It's going to be interesting trying to study . 
I hope the elections go well today , even though I highly doubt we are going to get a decent president ... 
This brazilian website says we have elected the first women president as if it is a good thing . Women like her make me ashamed to be a women . It's going to be long 4 years of nothing good to my country =( 
excuse me while I whine about not signing up for classes until monday , and knowing I won't have classes to take next semester . 
This day is finally over . and it was a total success . =) 
Stupid program . I decided that I hate hangman . and I hate computers . 
Put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in Hogwarts in the siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . The Order brings Unity , but the Death Eaters continue to < PROPMALE > division and hatred . 57ish citizens died in the terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of people won't repost this . Repost to show your support of DUMBLEDORE'S ARMY ! 
Seeing F1 on the TV reminds me of lazy sunday mornings at home . And the fact that this race is actually at home makes me smile . 
Scheduling classes was a success . I might have back-to-back all tuesdays and thursdays , but I'm free friday . 
longest day ever ... I just want to take a shower and sleep forever . 
Lost my phone . If you need to contact me , facebook is the way . 
is almost home . 3 days =) 
Just checked my plane ticket , and my flight time is 10:16 pm . 16 ? why can't it be 15 ? lol 
trying to read the notes I wrote yesterday night is close to impossible . I don't know if its because of the little sleep I had or because I wrote them so late that I forgot how to speak english . 
done . Now I'm a bus drive and a flight from home . Which I'm pretty sure is worse then the test I had today . I can't wait until there is teletransport . 
is home . =D 
Oh God . Please leave < PROPFEMALE > alone . Don't mess with perfection ! 
Okay paper , I already wrote a third of you . Now you can act like a grown up and finish yourself without my help . tnxkbai 
Happy Thanksgiving to everybody from US ! 
getting ready to party !! 
awesome night with awesome people . Going back to US tonight , but I'll be back in 3 weeks =D 
boa sorte pra quem < PROPFEMALE > pres < PROPFEMALE > ndo FUVEST , especialmente meu irmao =) 
I am 150 words from being done with one of my classes . Then I only have 5 exams to deal with and then I will be done . ( I'm trying to stay positive ) 
better then the fact that is snowing , it's people reactions to it . Includes : randomly singing xmas songs and yelling at the sky to stop snowing . 
I suspect there is a gnome in my brain , stealing all my english knowledge . Anyone know how to kill it , let me know . 
hot cocoa =) 
having to listen to The Beatles , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , The Supremes , < PROPFIRST > Wonder and a buch of other cool songs for music test make studying not that bad . 
Exam 1 and part 1 of Exam 2 today ! Then I will be 33.3333333333 ... % done with my clases . 
This is a very weird day . 
The day is finnally done . Computer Science test was a complete failure . Just the encouragement I needed before finals week . I would kick my computer now , but I kinda need it so I don't fail at the rest of my tests . 
I recommed that people use iceskates to their exams today . Also , be careful of ISAT front door . 
stupid HTH final 
2 days of finals , and then home =) 
Congrats to my brother and everybody that graduated today at my old school . =) 
DONE ! 
things packed , room cleaned , everything ready . 
Apparently , my bag is already headed home , and I'm not . Next time I'm hidding in my luggage . 
It's official . My bag is at home and I am not . My mom solution is that I go shopping so I have stuff to bring home . After all , I have 4 hours free before my flight . 
Home 
Early Christmas with arab food is the best . Now night with friends =) 
gingerbread cookies and xmas music ! 
It's < PROPFEMALE > weird listening to music talking about winter wonderland and snow when it's 70F outside ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas / Feliz Natal ! 
Packing and getting ready to go to the beach . Happy New Years to everybody and be careful ! 
Had a legit mexican dinner ! 
Packing ! 
In hburg ! It's sooo cold !! 
Postei novo blog ! 
A little scare about my literature class . I have to do 5 papers , 1 presentation and 5 tests ... On the other side I'm super excited about my CS classes ! 
got my computer back =) 
The good think about having my last name is that professors remember who I am by the end of the 1st week of class . 
WTF ABC Harrisonburg ? They put ramdom kids out of nowhere just because a guy was kissing the hand of his husband . That's disgusting ... 
Finally done . 
My only class of the day was 2:30 ... Yay cancelled classes !! 
stupid history paper . 
I knew things were too good to be true . It was the calm before the storm . 
\I should probably stop drinking while doing this things . \ " - My professor on his typos on his power point presentations . " 
fail 
stupid week . 
Friday cant come soon enough . < PROPFEMALE > tired . 
In NYC ! 
Walking to the Time Square . Half-way there . I'll try to blog later =) 
is seeing < PROPFEMALE > Griffin live on friday ! Best week ever ! 
Memphis is awesome ! 
Happy International Women's Day ! 
Day on Soho was great . Now getting ready to see Wicked tonight ! So excited !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Griffin was amazing . She is genius !!! 
I don't know what's up with me getting sick every time I come to ny , but I'm not a fan . All I want to do is enjoy my last day here =( 
Brazilian food and Central Park : best way to end the break . Now I'm looking at my bag wondering if I should try and organize it or just leave the mess it is ... 
It's way to early to be awake . Leaving NY in a bit . 
It is good to be back . 
Apparently my professor thinks 8pm today is a good time to explain an essay we have to do due tomorrow . 
Had a interesting discussion about patriotism and war in my history class . While I don't agree with most of the stuff said , it was interesting to see a different perspective then I'm used to hearing about . 
It's suposed to snow tomorrow ?????? 
I hate this week . 
Novo post no blog !!! http://jmuexpbr.blogspot.com/2011/04/ola.html 
