Sitting around doing nothing . LIFE IS GOOD !!!!!!!! 

< PROPMALE > POTTER AND THE HALF BLOOD < PROPMALE > COMES OUT WEDNESDAY !!!! I also plan on using a british accent the whole first day of school and scare all the little fifth graders ! BWHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE ! 
Because of time differences , my new year doesn't start for another 5 minutes ! Lol 
Have you ever thought about the entire world other than yours . Right at this exact minute someone else is crying because they fell and scratched themselves , or that someone is laughing because they just heard a funny joke . It is just wierd right ???? 
Praying that I won't get some sort of disease form painting the basement . Is there a medicine for paintitist ??? 
As our british soccer coach runs on the treadmill , my little brother plays play station . Culture change much ????? 
Isn't there a law against making twelve year olds run 3-6 < PROPMALE > a week ? If not , i'm making one ! 
Just spent my entire 25 dollars itunes giftcard in 5 minutes . ( sigh ) 
Starting a new school in 4 days . French Horn , YEAH !!! Meeting new people , BOOOOO !!! 
schedule of the day : Meet new piano teacher , soccer practice , buy Haloween costume , get ready for first day of school tommorow , get to bed early . ( sigh ) 
The rules of Soccer are very simple - If it moves , kick it . If it doesn't move , kick it until it does 
Just took a shower . Did you know that people don't want you coming to a choir concert with green and red hair ?????? 
Who'd of thought that doing absolutely nothing could be so tiring ! 
First of all , If anyone asks one more time if/why i've been curling my hair , I'm going to scream ! ( I don't curl my hair , it's natural ! ) Second of all , for everyone out there that is wondering not all smart people are mindless drones ! 
Well , If I accomplished anything today it would be ....... ok lets be serious , I didn't do anything today ! IT'S THE WEEKEND ! 
Why question when you have an answer for everything ? 
Before you criticize someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way , when you criticize them , you’re a mile away and you have their shoes . 
Wow , you gotta love the Holidays that just completely backfire ! First we found out my dad is on alert at the base for Thanksgiving , then we try to make lemonade out of lemons by driving out to the base to give him pie . That would have been all good and well if the highway wasn't covered in what looked to be BLACK ICE !!!! They need to have a seperate bah humbug for Thankgiving ! HAPPY TURKEY DAY ANYWAY ! 
Never let a bored girl ( espescially me ) get anywhere near makeup if you know what is good for you ! ( possible pictures later ) 
You gotta love Chiefs games every saturday night . Can't believe we won 4:0 . We are going to die without Koper , < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > next year ( sigh ) . Well , no matter how many games we lose , GO CHIEFS GO ! 
I officially had the best christmas ! Cellphones , chiefs jerseys , jewlrey boxes , etc .! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
So another christmas comes amd goes ....... 
Pumpkin pie , pumpkin pie , pumpkin pie , pumpkin pie . Nothing sothes my tummy like some pumpkin pie . 
My favorite invention of the year was the Xbox kinect ( SO COOL ! ) . What is yours ? 
I just love people who hate sarcasm ( she said sarcastically ) 
I got a new phone for christmas with a new number . If u need that number , message me . 
I love buying stuff !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My sister has officially gone insane ! Lol 
Have you ever woken up one day and felt like screaming for no apparent reason ? 
Just woke up , and it's 11:30 . So much for a long day 
And we are off to another Chiefs game . GO CHIEFS GO !!!! 
Awesome hockey game ! Spokane-8 Seattle-2 Lots of fights , lots of goals , lots of fun ! 
I may be totally geeky , but I am kinda looking forward to tomorrow 
Just got home after going to an after school club . Man it's been a long day ! 
Riding to School . it's going to be a long day ! 
Roses are red\ 
Violets are blue\ 
I am exhausted\ 
How about you ? 
At a Chiefs hockey game . Amazing as always ! 
Great game ! Spokane-6 Lethbridge-0 
Don't you hate it when radio stations have more commercials than songs ? 
What better place to find a hockey player , than at a store called Hockey Armor ? 
Why is the world round ? I think it should be square or rectangle 
Well he's not coming out anytime soon ! Lol gotta love watching old episodes of Glee 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful dog Faith . May her dreams be filled with an all you can eat treat bar . 
So bored ...... Someone text me ! 
Has anyone ever felt the sudden urge to run around your house yelling kowabunga ?..... I didn't think so 
Is it me , or does food taste ten times better when you are really hungry . 
The best part about learning a foreign language = confusing people ! :) 
I think that whole child labor law should cover running at soccer practice as well ! Now if only I knew who to talk to about getting that changed ...... 
Why do certain people ever go on American Idol ! 
Why do such weird people have such beautiful voices ! 
I've always the general game of hockey , what with the strict rules , but you can't tell me that throwing your hockey stick at someone isn't against the rules ! 
Who knew there were so many options in High School for a < PROPMALE > speaking , French horn and Piano playing singer ? My head hurts just thinking about it ! 
Such a long day ! Slept until ten , < PROPFIRST > came over at one , a soccer game at five and now a Chiefs game at seven ! 
scratch here ?????????????? to reveal today’s status ! 
Man , it's days like these when I fully appreciate late start Thursdays ! 
I went to a fight and a hockey game broke out ! 
The giant Spokane Arena just sold out of tickets ! Good thing we have season tickets ! 
You'd think that the adults of the world would share some pity on us kids and not make us go to school ..... Yeah , like that would ever happen ! 
Wordsfrom my brothrs-\It's better when you have your other gun because it's easier to kill the guys of all at once instead of one by one " 
Playing Lacrosse , Volleyball and Hockey with Mallory ........ \ 
I am a person of many talents ! lol 
A word to the wise isn't necessary . It's the stupid ones that need advice . \ 
< PROPMALE > Crosby 
My dad just asked where his walkman was ..... wow that just aged him so much ! lol 
Yeah , going to a hockey game in Tri-Cities ! GO CHIEFS GO !!! 
Skipped out on practice , and now I feel bad ! Guess I'm going running ! 
Got about two hours of sleep last night :( 
Going to a sports game ..... bet you can't guess which sport ! ;) 
Leave it to Washington to have a snow day on the day I only have three hours of school ! 
Well in my newly aquired free time , i've managed to figure out what I want to do with my life . 
Goodnight cruel world ! 
< PROPFIRST > Johnsons game worn jersey sold for 5200 dollars ! 
I hate when things don't go according to plan ! 
I'm loving the new decorations for my binder ! 
I get to film a video tommorow with my friends for a homework assignment ....... it's going to be a long day ! 
Long day of filming ....... good thing it's hockey night ! : 0 ) 
Another win for some of my favorite guys ! 
My mom just said that the only thing i'm good at is making mexican bean dip ! ( she was obviously joking though ) ; 0 ) 
Looking forward to a night of watching home videos ! 
When the world is full of cheerios , be a fruitloop ! \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Haggerty 
They tore down Kappa Tau !!!!!!!! 
So what if it's a ton of money ? It's AWESOME !!!!!!!! 
Trickery is such a beautiful thing ! 
Now what should they sign ?????? 
I hate stuck-up teenagers ! 
Can't wait for a fun night ! 
Got to meet all of the Spokane Chiefs hockey players ...... IT WAS AWESOME !!!!!!!! 
Dad : If you get bored signing your own name for the autographs , just start writing random things like < PROPFIRST > Duck and < PROPFIRST > Mouse . Just make sure to only do that on the things that no one can associate you with . \ 
Me : Wow dad , Wow ! 
I'm sad ...... :( 
Pineapple 
And so ends the beautiful tale of the Spokane Chiefs 2010-11 regular season . For now and ever more .... GO CHIEFS GO !! 
I miss my dad ........ : 0 ( 
Hoping certain boys ( who I won't name ) can get back on thier game , so they can finish thier last game of the regular season with pride . 
Changing the line-up much ?????? 
Just got done with Soccer practice .... Man i'm tired !!!!!! : 0 ( 
< PROPFIRST > mowry is an amazing person .! she is sooo pretty and talented and everyone wants to be here . i love < PROPFIRST > mowry with all my heart bcuz she is so awesome ! 
I'm sick ! : 0 ( 
Going to my sisters choir concert . I wish I could say that this is just one of many things to do tonight .... but I can't . : 0 ( 
Thank god it's Friday ! 
I'm sitting in my car , eating ice-cream and listening to a Chiefs game ...... what a great way to spend a Friday night ! 
22 is the very best number in the entire world !!!!! Take that Chiliwack !!!! 
is wondering why Facebook bothers to give the option of “liking” my own comment ? Of course I like my own comments . I’m awesome .. 
Nothing like being suprised by showing up on a huge screen beating up your little brother in front of a few thousand people 
Just won my soccer game and about to meet some friends at a Chiefs hockey game . Anyone else going ? 
So we won , but not in a good way ! 
The Spokane Chiefs have made it to the second round of the playoffs where we are facing our arch rivals , the Tri-City Americans . Everyone is trying to get a sellout crowd , so if you are free Saturday night , go buy tickets for the game at 7:00 pm . at the spokane Arena . It's gonna be great ! GO CHIEFS GO ! 
