Here i am returning to the bondage of the facebook application 

i thank God for my freedom today I know this is something i take for granted 
My baby is NAUGHTY !! and i cant find my cell phone !! 
is it weird that my 1 year old call me by name instead of mom ? 
so my lover calls me at 6:30 am and says are ya up ? i reply shocked no ! and he says oh ?.... well are ya having a good day ?! COME ON !! 
so my lover calls me at 6:30 am and says are ya up ? i reply shocked no ! and he says oh ?.... well are ya having a good day ?! ..... COME ON !! 
well i am on \vacation\ " it is 10 pm -- and here i am on facebook :/ " 
uh oh momma's got a new lab top !!! 
\LAP\ " top whatever " 
late night scrabbllin ' it up tired !! 
it hurts but it is funny my one year old can kick my butt 
sleep !!!!!!! 
hmmmmm- Addiction is a disease that effects the entire family 
i really enjoy my job and its challenges 
here i am AGAIN ! on this dang face book making ridiculous avatars of people !!! and it is 10:30 
would like out 
From now on call me < PROPFEMALE > willow --- k mmk 
i hate what < PROPFEMALE > do to me face book --- moon < PROPFEMALE > 
how can < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > dispise and love one person so much ?? 
i hope i can be this productive at work tommorrow 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > - can insulate and sheet rock by her self !!! 
i love my niece so much ! and i was < PROPFEMALE > Crocker , < PROPMALE > the builder , nanny mcfee , taxi , service master , and a shopper all in one day --- oh wait and a loving wife 
off to work we go ! 
he says \ya got some jiggle ma \"" 
feeling good bike ride and work out !! 
GRRRRRRRRR i said GRRRRRRRR --- okay i feel better 
had a good time at the zoo even if some people were ...... well .... a little edgy :) JUST KIDDING IT WAS FUN GIRLS THANKS ! 
i want to keep going ...... i am so frickin tired ..... i cant 
off to work 
got to go to the gym :/ 
< PROPFIRST > says and i quote \ Mom i can eat stuff and poop out little brown crap .... i can ! \"" 
not real motivated at work today :/ 
I hate ( yes i realize mom that is a strong word ) I hate stupid human tricks/games ! 
Thank God it is Friday !! 
WHAT ?! MAMA gets to leave town !!!! with out her herd ?!! 
it has been a good past 2 days 
I dont want to be a drill sageant :( 
what does \day off \ " technically mean ? " 
ahhhhh , work 
it has been a full day ! 
so glad it is my friday !! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRI !!!!! 
everything is so temporary ....... 
i dislike my contacts very much and will go blind until i can replace them with glasses ..... 
wow -productive day , but i have kicked my own rear with productivity !! 
good morning new day ! 
i dont like making painful decisions 
hmmmm , monday 
overwhelmed i hate this feeling !! 
i really enjoy good company 
I love the times when I am madly in love with my husband ! 
one more paper to write :( 
i dont want too !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > i know you are out there , sister you are missing out !!! mama's gonna get some GOOD sleep tonight !! 
have you ever been so tired that , well things just don't make much sense ? 
i dont want to learn about advection simulators , i just want to catch up on much needed sleep 
hey can someone just run to sams club for me ? 
why dont i just go to bed 
fixing toilets is a real shatty job if you know what i mean ! 
my life is good , thank you Lord 
I am in LOVE with the Coffee bean :) 
There are times when I question the human race , but today I thank God for those people in my life that are living breathing proof that amoungst the tare there is wheat ( there are sincerely good loving people out there ) 
speechless and feeling pressed ... God is so much bigger than any of us , He is so much wiser , that His ways are simple minds cannot fathom , He has a plan that we often do not understand in the misdst of the journey but when we have arrived to our destination the plan is clear . Lord help me to see clearly and when my vision is unclear let me trust You ..... 
i am reminded that there is one thing constant and reassuring in my life ..... that is a God that loves me unconditionally and has a plan , thank you 
is tired 
decisions decisions 
missing < PROPFIRST > and the dag gone wash machine is broken 
i dont like it when my baby girl is hurting or gets let down :( 
The Chili smells divine and I can't beleive fall is here 
Feeling good this am ! 
Peace is possible .... but we have to Trust Him ! When pain comes .. trust Him , When confusion is about .. trust Him , when hurt is real .. trust Him , when brokeness is all you feel .. trust Him --- 
really dont want to do the homework ...... 
ADHD has its perks , my husband is getting a lot of random things done :) 
some people are just not nice ! 
I think I hope that Farve gets his but stomped for being a traitor 
wait ..... no I really dont care :) 
Good Morning All !! 
here comes the sun dadadaaa :) 
sick baby today :( 
I may suck at atmospheric science but i am rockin the house in women's history yeah me !! 
Guess whose at work .. Oh YEah ! 
Friday approaches us facebook friends ---- goodnight 
bed at 11am kid puking at 2am another kid puking at 6am and well if you cant beat em ' join em ' ughh !!! :( 
blah ! there back ...... :) j/k 
Dude ! it is so funny to hear my 4 year old scram dude because he is frustrated . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > how are ya ? < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > where are ya ? 
I cant say that the little girl in me isn't a bit excited when I see snow -- I LOVE IT !!! 
It's beautiful outside !! 
i hope tommorrow is just as good as today ! 
i just scored a 100 on a hurrican quiz my teacher is gonna think i cheated 
well iam quizzed out goodnight 
if i haven't said it before i will now I love my job , I also love that today is my friday !!! whoooohooo and i get to go to the cities with friends 
praying for spiritual wisdom and insight to be gained at the conferance ! 
It is a Grand New DAy !!! Thanks girls for the great experience 
going to get focused now , need to get doem school work done :( 
rockin the scarf ! oh yeah !! 
habitual liars ..... hmmmm 
let it go self ! let it go sing with me now to the tune of \let it snow\ " but say \ " let it go let it go let it gooo ! \"" 
well now we can sing let it snow let it snow let it snow 
the snow is like balls of cotton < PROPFEMALE > !! 
i have a colony of asain beetle in my room , i wonder how many will crawl in my flippin mouth and < PROPFEMALE > my nose as I sleep grrrrr 
feeling tired and refreshed ? weird 
Coffee how i love thee , with out you I don't know where i would be .... 
i really dont care for mean people and i think they should all be sent to a remote island of perpetual tickling where they are tickled night and day , day and night 
ahhhh monday ... 
sometimes life feels chaotic when there is no chaos ... ( i am sure that is diagnosable ) 
my husband could use a job if any one has any ideas ! 
I will attack this tension headache with coffee !!! 
are you Frickin kidding me 
is 
Thank you stepping stone 
surrender , trust , and hope is just what i needed to hear yet not sure how to go about it ... maybe i shouldnt try and just let it be 
540 calories in 45 minutes and i am still breathing and walking ... pretty impressive pretty impressive 
just need to call it a day 
will miss ya < PROPFEMALE > - 
Letting go ..... WOW what a concept so complex yet so simple ( they tell me ! ) 
hmmm i could go be a counselor in Germany or Japan for the army ... ` 
okay okay , desperate times call for desperate measures .... i need to make some LEGAL quick cash I really dont even care what it is ... ( for the most part ) ideas ?! 
I know of three things that are reliable , constant-God , life and death , everything else unstable 
he must have thought it would be funny to set my clock a half an hour faster than the real time .... 
Renew my mind and spirit Lord 
due to the female complications that some of us females deal with , that drive us to insanity , extreme emotion , and or exorcist like behavior i think all women should have the right to access mood altering chemicals when ever the need be ... :) J/K 
:) good morning facebook IT IS GOING TO BE A GLORIOUS DAY !!! LOLOLOL 
why cant he wont even go get me a frickin caramello ... any one going on a store run ? 
wow can you say WOW wow 
i really like peacefulness ..... 
The hardest part about faith is having it .... 
wishes i had something smart to say .... hmmm cant really think of anything oh well 
is baking some cookie 
cookies 
it was good to see family today ... i miss them 
My compulsions are kicking my butt thought i would cook for christmas gifts and well ... we have : < PROPFEMALE > snap cookies , sugar cookies , frosted chrisyams cookies , peanut butter cookies w/ chocolate kisses , smore brownies , peanut butter balls covered in chocolate , some kind of chocolate balls dipped in powdered sugar , chocolate peppermint bark stuff and well i am tired ...... blessed and tired 
God is faithful !! 
wishes this headache would go away 
We are gonna get snow ! YESSSS !!! 
tired 
It all seems funny kinda like a dream ....... Things aint always what they seem ... 
vikings hmmmm BORING !! 
gonna take a nap ! 
I must remember that i live in a world of brokenness .... 
< PROPFIRST > is turning 5 on Thursday and wants his birthday party to be at Walmart !! 
LOVES !!! 80's Rock and dont care who knows it LOVE IT !!! 
there is nothing like a project .... My friend and i installed a toilet today thinking of becoming plumbers on the side 
i guess i was hoping for more snow :( Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > !! 
Okay I obviously made this wish prior to going outside WOW , Love MN !! 
Is it snowing or blowing snow 
why does the grass always have to be greener , or the snow whiter on the other side of the fence ? 
Good day everybody ! 
i love the snow but not the frigid cold .. brrr 
Single for the weekend ! j/k :P 
i thin it is going to be w weekend of 80's rock really loud !! YESS !! 
Way to distracted to be at work 
really dont want to be awake right now 
it all seems funny kinda like a dream things aint always what they seem .... 
kind of feeling at peace inthe missed of the storm .. nice change 
Question ? If i broke my lab top computer screen is it cheaper to send it off and get fixed or get a new computer -- advice for the day purchase the Accident Warranty for your computers if available !!!! 
so glad it is friday 
I think it is just crazy how life turns out ; things we said we would never do or need we find ourselves doing and needing .... hmmm good and crazy all together ?! 
So today i realize that despite some elderly lady who thought i was my sisters mother ( my sister is 4 years older for the record ) I want to feed the child in me . So i went to the top of that snow hill and was scared , real scared .. i went down it and hit a jump and caught air !! ( multiple times ) it was frickin amazing and the best thing i didnt even care what any one else thought ... it was great highly recommended .. 
So I came to work feeling pretty good , worked out this morning , new sweater .... looked down and i have one brown shoe and one black shoe on ... I am learnign to laugh at myself and let it go !! 
Surrounded by Your glory .. What will my heart feel ?! Will I stand in Your presence or to my knees will I fall .... I can only imagine !!! 
I love these 2 ! 
Just wanted to say heyy !! everyone .. An old old wise woman said something to me today ..... Learning to accept life on lifes terms ... mmmm what peace ! ( thanks old wse lady ! ) 
Hoppe everyone especially my two babies that are < PROPMALE > away have an awesome christmas 
the world is so dysfunctional .... 
< PROPFIRST > says to < PROPFIRST > today \don't touch that outlet ! you will get executed \"" 
I am thankful for my church family ..... 
Looks like my work here is finished !! 
trying real hard to think of something thought provoking ... nothing :( However I can now make Flapper Hats !! So Fricking pumped !!! 
Judd Hill is insane !!! 
wow .... wow 
I lost my cowboy piggy back given sister .... eehh 
Bought to hook it up southern style for the fam !!! 
fried chicken , green beans , turnip greens , mashed tators w/ gravy , < PROPMALE > n cheese , pineapple upside down cake , and some sweet tea .... i am beat !!! 
had a great time with my big sis and niece praying for the safe return to their winter wonderland ! love ya ! 
its a no comment day ..... 
we really do reap what we sow 
can someone please tell me why everyone is saying a color ?! midnight blue 
oh ! white ... boring lol 
ah FRIDAY ! 
Great service ! Praying that i can not be blinded by my own self centeredness ... ever ! 
< PROPFEMALE > 6lbs 15oz , < PROPFIRST > 8lbs 6oz , < PROPFIRST > 8lbs 15oz , < PROPFEMALE > 9lbs + WOW 
i think we all have been affected by something ... and recovery or healing does not start until we admit ... 
freedom starts with the admitting ... just needed to add that :) goodnight !! 
AGHHHHH !!!!! UGHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!! okay ..... 
If we would realize that we are being called to something so much greater than what this earth can offer .... 
this is where hope , safety , unconditional love , pure acceptance , trust are .... 
So many friends on face book right now just feel like sayin ' HEY !! YA'll!! 
I just thought i would share i did something today that i thought i never would .... i ran 1/2 a mile it was great !! 
yep another 1/2 mile ..... miracles are real folks ! 
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth , then copy & repost this . Let's give our kids the recognition they need ! I am proud of each of my children and I thank God for them . I love you more than you will ever know < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Well there have been a lot of post lately about great children , breast cancer , war , haiti etc I felt the need to add one here is goes : Repost if you have a great husband .... not perfect but a man who is willing , one who can make you laugh until your sides hurt , one that is willing to go through .... stand by your side ... I love you < PROPMALE > 
Sometimes i say things i wish i could take back ..... 
hmmmm ...... He knows my heart , mind , thoughts , and weaknesses ... my hurt , pain , frustrations , joys , pleasures .... my stubborness and kindness , I will humbly rest in knowing that He not only knows but has chosen me and cares ... thank you 
i wish i had a let go button .... 
Had a good day with an old best friend/cousin .. it was cool 
i dont know why anyone is surprised by the vikings FAILURE !!!! AGAIN !!!! 
It was < PROPFIRST>'s first night of wrestling ! I have mixed emotions it was hilarious b/c he is just a little more coordinated than his mother , he kept doing karate hand moves before the other kid would take him down , and then when he would get taken down he would get up and do like 3-4 push ups really fast ..... and well he is growing up 
thanks you guys 
Hoping no praying to not lose peace and inner joy .... 
I wish my human trait of being affected by other human beings was eradicated ... now 
so baby was walking down the stairs and saying poop me-ma poop .... sure enough she was stark naked with her diaper in one hand and a hand full of terd in the other !!! lololol hilarious !! 
amazing grace ...... 
i think i want to live in a commune .... 
I LOVE ... LOVE my church family 
I dont have a clue on what His plans are but I do know that whatever comes my way today is a part of it ... 
wow my husband needs to get his own computer ... i really dont like to share 
is it wrong to know your husbands password and change his profile pic ? 
so .. my husband who is in training for stand up comedy said that at his delivery interview today he had to take an MMPI ... hilarious to those who know what that is ! 
MY Daughter is in the top 28 of her class of 143 ..... my daughter !!! 
I wish for the a pony tail like the lady from I dream of Genie .... I would cross my arms and magically take myself to a remote island .. right now 
after some thought aboutthis wish for a pony tail .... I think spiritually when we feel this way our spirit is yearning for home ... hmmm 
sometimes i think God should have made me mute 
Women should be valued beyond their physical they should be valued for the depth that they love , for the passions they have , for their wisdom and thoughts , for their inner most being I think our world has it jacked up I think women have been devalued to their appearance , ability to be sexually stimulating , and how well they can fill the role of what their current society thinks they should be 
i wonder if the roller coaster would stop if i just got off ? 
....................... 
i love avacados 
looking forward to church today 
That is the most RE-Daunkulous thing I have ever HEARD !!! 
if any one is interested in a boat and trailer f0r 800 let me know .. just a fishing boat nothing fancy 
priorities people priorities 
So not to get to repetitive but if anyone is interested in a 16ft alumna craft fishing boat with a 50 horse < PROPMALE > and or an 84 chevy pckup with a 2 year old new motor just let me know !! 
so if i change my setting o pirate will my posts show up as pirate talk ? 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > 4 the haircut !!! 
Sometimes life takes crazy twists and turns ... love ya < PROPMALE > 
dishes are washed , kids are fed , floors are mopped ..... now laundry and this afternoon looks like shoveling ... YAH !! 
To all those mothers who stay home with your kids YOU ARE AMAZING ... i on the other hand am looking for a cage or 2 . 
< PROPFIRST > is not cut for wrestling instead of trying to get out of the move when pinned he lets out a high shrill scream and starts fightin dirty ... bye bye wrestling 
tommorrow is actually saturday everyone I just thought I would inform everyone ... your welcome 
Escape , calgon , vacation , retreat , ...... 
asking for prayers for my little neighbore boy < PROPMALE > , who has been a miracle and is currently in the hospital waiting for another miracle .. 
i am thankful for the freedom to gather in His name 
Only in minnesota will you find the peculiar individuals who feel the need to wear shorts as soon as the temp hits 31 
new fav .. For HIS compassions never fail .. Great is Your faithfulness .. the Lord is my portion therefore I have hope in Him .. 
well ... the kids are going to a very good frineds house today ..... i hope she remains my friend at the end of the day !! 
Lord i was really trying to avoid this but .... we need some warmth the cold is wearing on me 
i hope Zyrtec will work miracles today 
uh oh .... I love it when my kids turn on praise music ! when I think about your goodness it makes me wanna STOMP !! get it < PROPMALE > 
I dislike crazyness blah !! to crazy !! 
hmmmm maybe it would be therapeutic to play wiht some leggos .... i shall build something !! 
ahhhhhh ................ 
Can you say CRAZY !!!! 
how come when i tell her it isnt hers she cries and screams like she has been beat ? 
can you get a suger < PROPFEMALE > over ? 
Sledding at Meadow Park at 3:00 pm anyone ? 
Sometimes God speaks so clear and simple and oh yeah His timing , dead on .. tonights topic ..... sanity :/ 
The car wash at fleet farm has traumatized my daughter .. she screamed through the whole thing and when the sprayer came around to her window she closed her eyes and looked the other direction ... 
So I was at church last night and there was a bat in the sanctuary that was disturbed by the music and flying around .... well we were praying before communion and the thing came straight at me .... i yelped and didnt know whether to laugh or cry ... moral of the story : CLOSE YOUR EYES WHEN YOU PRAY ! 
Really would like this confusion to stop ..... 
Press forward ....... 
Really thankful for supportive people in my life 
The cost of our decisions have so much impact positive and negative and ourselves and those around us ... Lord I need your constant guidance 
I want my name to change from Negative < PROPFEMALE > to Positive < PROPFEMALE > ...... 
Good Saturday Mornning ! 
tired .... 
Lord prepare me to be a living sanctuary ... 
Hid good an perfect will is not dependent on me ... Thank GOD !!! 
What i wouldnt do to hear the Doublette Family praising the Lord today .... No Weapon 
ordinary people dont set out to do great things .. Great things happen to ordinary people 
I really have a hard time dealing with mean spirited people ..... 
Prayin that tommorrow goes smoothly .... 
No matter the size of the battle no matter the piercing words ..... I dont need to fight the battle ... it has been won 
i cant wait to wake up from this nightmare .... 
it is indescribe-able .... 
< PROPFIRST > wanted popcorn and a movie with his baby sister , so i said sure .... he by choice is watching < PROPMALE > Dynamite ! what 5 yr old does that ? 
It's a NEW Day ! 
Looks like we will be cleaning the garage and firin ' up the grill this weekend ! 
When you enocunter people that are so out of touch with reality I think it is best to simply not entertain their insanity ---- 
idiot !! 
dishwasher is installed ... so awesome !! thanks < PROPMALE > 
He is in control .... I have to remember that 
I think a good ole nap is in order ! 
well off to work out and work ... 
Job 2 has to go ..... 
is there a gypsy day ? i mean there should be right ? what about the Bohemians ? 
Love talking to people who understand me .. selfish maybe but I appreciate it !! 
do you ever have those times where you look back and say \What was I thinking ! \ " man ... " 
Is struggling with being merciful and loving at this moment ..... 
just keep swimming just keep swimming .. Dori was a smart fish 
I need a tattoo that is easy for me to see throughout the day ... i cant put it on the back of my eye lids .. hmmm anyways if anyone comes up with a place .... it needs to say \Let it Go ! \"" 
Really thankful today ........ 
CAnt say that i amnot a bit more than happy that MS . < PROPFEMALE > Doandlson is my last 2 year old ... EVER ! WOW ! 
well .. good night face book friends 
run ... run ... run .... 
Good friends and exercise are my new medicine 
The 5yr old says as he is paging through the phonebook \It says if you hookup to this network you can download \"" 
Learning to be thankful for good days and not take them for granted ... Thanks Lord 
cant wait to go pick up < PROPFIRST > ! 60 more days ! 
Home again with the pink eyed monster 
The pink eyed monster loves the word NO .... and the pink eyed monster has a snazy new way to clean windows , smushed bananas ! 
Well got to sleep until 7 ... not to bad 
is making fried chicken with baby boy 
80's rock concert ? or no hmmm 
nap time 
I love to swing especially when the air is so fresh and their is a little bit of a breeze ... ahhh 
my inpatience does not work for my good 
It is gorgeous outside ! Thank you Lord ! 
Do you ever wonder where God is at sometimes when you are trying to do right and trying to do right and bad keeps happening ..... 
Looking forward to moving forward ! :) 
i dont think resteraunts that let off an amazing oder of greasy food should be allowed within a 2 mile radious of workout places .... 
What baffles me the most about today is that as wicked as the world was and is He could have and can destroy it at anytime HE could've in the garden when He new what was coming , or when He was being wrongfully accused , When He was being brutalized , carrying the cross , or even when the nails were being pounded in . He could have put an end to it all but He didnt ... 
His ways , thoughts , ability to love and forgive are way beyond my human comprehension .... I am humbly thankful for today 
interesting day today saw 2 pigs get killed and butchered -- wont be eating pork . < PROPFIRST > was rather interested tried to milk the pig ... and then told me i was \finny\ " yep finny that means not fat and not skinny --- finny ... living amoung my children is an adventure ! " 
Hope all my facebook friends have a blessed Easter Day 
I just got told that i look like the most beautiful girl in the world --- Mz . < PROPFEMALE > 
........................ 
run run as fast as you can ! 
House for sale ! 
hmmm whats on my mind ...... 
I wish God would take away my ability to think things i feel guilty for thinking ... yep 
if anyone has moving boxes let me know .. thanks ! 
Abide ... great sermon today 
Is so thankful < PROPFIRST > did not catch a fish during the past 1 1/2 hour fishing trip ! ( I sure the heck wasnt going to take it off ! ) 
I think i have encountered one of the most bitter sweet challenges in my life ..... and she is packaged in a almost 2yr old body 
sorry about all the post but i am just on awe ... i mean one minute i feel like bashing my head in and the next she makes my heart melt .. literally minutes apart ! i wonder if God feels the same way ? 
praying that what needs to happen and get done today does ! 
is pressing forward 
is gonna think on those things that are good and true ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ?! ewww 
I cant bloody focus ! 
My daugheter goes form listening to \Hey Jude\ " to \ " The Humpty Hump\ " ???? " 
and now .... Hard Rock .. all in 10 minutes ... i guess thats a teen 
gonna be busy this weekend ... 
.. has discoverd that not reacting to inital feelings and emotions will save me a lot of heart ache .. wish some would have told me that ... oh wait i probably would not have listened 
this tattoo man said something pretty remarkable today .. got me thinking ... I need to be living according to what i find acceptable not worrying about what other people find acceptable .... hmmm thanks 
How to think Logically is the worst class ever if you ar not a logic thinking kind of person it is a bunch of hibbity whoo ! 
nothin like a little Nacho Libre for the 5 yr old at 7:30 am lol 
i DISLIKE the feeling of powerlessness 
hmmm ... sometimes i wish i could actually write some of my real thoughts on here ... those dang brain filters !! 
Heyy ! it's Fridayy !! 
I just want to say that Tone N Tan is a great place to work out and they have some mighty fine ways to motivate and keep you coming back ! Thanks Tone N Tan ! 
I hope it rains all day .... it will be a good snugglin day with the kids ! 
i think i have missed out on a lot of wisdom by prejudging people ... letting preconceived notions or judgements stop me from letting my guard down .... i dont want to miss out anymore ! 
.... well spaghetti is cookin for tonight and chicken pot pie for tommorrow ... and the week begins ! 
If i could just stay focused on the now and let God do the rest ..... 
My baby turns 11 years old in 1 hour and 1o minutes Miss you < PROPFIRST > !! 
why must my children try me ? 
Oh Lord help me to be content today .... 
sometimes life makes me feel restricted and bound .. when i just want to be free ... i am coming to the realization that i am in fact free however my Shepard has me in this pasture for right now safe , fed , protected , and loved .. hmmm everything i need to be happy .... 
i was told this week that it was good to sit with some feelings ... not avoid them or cover them up .... just be .... 
We are off to find Morels ! I am hoping that this year is a score !! 
No children this evening ... hmmm what to do ? 
prayin for friends and family in TN 
this is for the females : < PROPFIRST > is in the early beginings of potty training , she sits on the toilet ... gets up and grabs her self a \feminine product\ " and heads back to the toilet .. hilarious !! " 
distractions ..... focus focus focus 
is really thankful for my children , sister , family and friends 
i got a question for discussion/comments : What does love feel like ? 
where was i when < PROPMALE > Cosby was shot ?! who shoots < PROPMALE > Cosby !! Really !! 
< PROPMALE > LIVES !! Sorry ! 
To my children ... Before you were conceived , I wanted you . Before you were born , I loved you . Before you were an hour old , I would die for you . This is the \miracle of life . \ " Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself .... I ? my kids !! " 
I am so thankful for the type of work God has called me to do .... 
Someone once told me you have to choose what you win or lose ... you cant have everything .... 
Wow ! I havent slept until 9am since ... 12 yrs ? 
breakfast in bed ... and no children hovering me for a bite ... nice 
11 more days !!! 
hmm Menu for tonight : Barbecued chicken , homemade < PROPMALE > and cheese , sauted green beans , and peach cobbler 
sometimes i win some times i lose --- tonight my friends I WON !!! man supper was GOOD !! 
In whatever ever capacity-children , relationships , friends , family , people why cant love be simpler ? 
this sucks ... 
Frickin RICOH !! I hate you !!! 
Tortilla's , cheese , a bit of < PROPFEMALE > oil and a bit of garlic has become my new peanut butter and jelly ... yum ! 
when things are chaotic i am looking for peace .... and then when there is peace ... well I dont know what to do ? 
HMMMMMM ...... 
Any one got a spare working water heater !!! ugh ! 
it baffles me when people are in turmoil and suffering that the instead of talking or reaching out that some church folks decide to attack the wounded with lies an accusations ..... this is not my understanding of how Christ works ..... 
i have a question ; So if Christians are suppose to be the salt of the earth , the light in the dark .... what really makes us different .... since we all seem to behave just like the rest of the world ? 
I think my understanding of life love and relationships have come to a place where they need some re-evaluating .... which is hard when your living , loving , and in relationships ?! 
mmm .. burgers , fried taters , and apple pie ? yeah !!! 
It is official-Mondays are my \Georgia can cook day \"" 
we arent big on juice in this house so the kids are reverting to drinking pickle juice .... hehehe 
Cant wait to head south get my boy and see few other people ..... ;) 
This quote was so good it needed to be reposted-story of my life ! \ 
Don't get too excited ! Wait and let things be revealed to you . Avoid jumping to any conclusions , good or bad . Resist the urge to celebrate too soon . 
going to bed early so tommorrow will hurry and get here ! 
I wish i could scream on here ..... in excitement , headed out to TN today !!! YAHHHH !!! 
AHHHHH !!! WOOOHOOOOO !!!! :D :D 
toes and nails done ... check 
I saw ther arches tonight .. no not McDonalds ... St. Louis ... pretty sweet 
this is insane ... my adrenaline has me up once again at 4AM !!! :D 
GOOD MORNING WORLD !! 
< PROPFIRST > looks amazing ! apparently the grls think so too ! 
i have to say there is something about south ... i dont care if the charm is not real ... i love it ! 
Service was amazing .... 
i love it here .... 
Does anyone know where i can get a real good .. strong collar and leash ? 
Feelin pretty emotional ... have a job interview on thursday morning .... 
I think its time to do what southerners do .... sit on the front porch with some lemonade and enjoy the cooling yet humid air ..... yeahh 
Looking forward to the evening 
well here we go .... i dont need luck ... i need favor , please Lord 
I am so thankful for the people that have been so supportive to me .... love you All !! and I think things are gonna work in my favor !! 
A day of fishin .... or i would like to lok at it as a day i am gonna get a lot of sun and sweat off another 5lbs !!! 
At the barbershop ... 
Last day .... and it is bitter sweet ... i miss my babies 
is thankful for family friends and new opprotunities ... 
is ... uh mcCrackin county ? really ? 
is in iowa 
is thinkin of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ... :D 
is so happy to have all of her babies under one roof !! 
i dont like it when my daughter mocks me .... and than laughs straight in my face !!! 
Sometimes i feel like i could sleep life away .. so tired 
is kind of looking forward to working out tonight 
I DISLIKE DELL !!!.. 45 < PROPFEMALE > utes of tech service and she says well i cant really help you i am gonna send you to another dept .... so i get there and after 15 < PROPFEMALE > she says .... Can I put you on hold ........ Sure why not 
bite your tongue woman ! bite your tongue ! 
I think I found our new house !!! Please Lord !! 
think i am gonna take a nap ! 
commuting an hour to and from work may not be bad if the pay .. pays the bills and the gas .... 
is still not understanding His grace and mercy .... for a sinner such as me ... alls i know is that i woke up this morning covered in it .... and for that I am thankful 
ugh .... no go on the job :( 
it is hard to remember when things arent going as i want that He will withhold not good thing from me as long as I trust Him .. 
is gonna do what she needs to to stay positive and strong .. there is no other option 
is missin friday nights and saturday mornings in Nashville ... 
is reminded today the need to renew my mind ... sometimes frequently in a day 
is thinking i am pretty blessed by all of the supportive and encouraging females in my life .. thanks girls ! 
i wonder what i would need to do to get my lovely sister to potty train one more of my children ? 
Oh how i would love to steal the heart of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
he said my credentials were impressive !?!?!?!? 
okay ... dentist , eye doctor , laundry , swept , dishes , cleaned garage , babysat , cookin supper , worked out , bathe children , bathe self ..... hmm start crackin books for school ... yeah full day ! 
Bite my tongue ... UGH !! 
22 resumes sent in 30 minutes .... i like e-mail 
I think there has been a clearing in the storm .... obviously not outside but within my life ... Thank you Lord 
I would really like for things to go in my favor ... :) 
Good night face book family ... wish I had some < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > to put me to sleep ... sweet dreams 
you know you are destine for a great day when you put those pants on then were always a bit to tight and now they perfectly ! yes !! 
praying ... 
Hot Fudge and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > sound good !!!! 
is so excited .. this is our new place \ 
http://www.thedailyclassifieds.com/slideshow.asp?r=1155633 
gettin ready to watch \It's Complicated \"" 
Sometimes it is difficult to seperate and accept what you would like to happen versus what is really going on ... ehhh live and learn 
is smiling ... the 5 yr old says mom i dont want you to be cranky so lets turn on some music .... and he puts in some gospel praise ! 
Facebook really is a love hate relationship 
I refuse to be treated less than what i am worth -- not anymore 
what do men go through that is even comparable to menstration ... really !? 
I guess I cant have everything go my way ... however things are looking up ! 
hmm things are going so fast and so slow at the same time ... 
It's official me and my crew will be headed south July 24th 
is losing motivation to go to the gym the rain really isnt helping 
took the kids to the pool .. to cold for me , but they loved it ! 
We drove past a cemetary yesterday no one was out it pouring rain , < PROPFIRST > ( who's 2 ) points at the cemetary and says \guy in there\ " < PROPFIRST > says \ " yeah there dying to get in \"" 
GOOD MORNING !!! 
Is now taking donations 
i am looking for the nearest padded wall 
does any one ever catch themselves with their mouth hanging open for no apparent reason ? 
Do they ever stop fighting and screaming ? really ?! 
Happy Fathers Day Facebook Dads 
Change ... is the concept that I yearn for yet struggle with what it requires of me . 
i think life is a storm with moments of clearing ... 
is almost to the zoo ! 
is talking about the mn zoo not the zoo at my house 
:( 
is wishing my brain would shut down so i could call it a day 
I dont think I have ever encountered anything that can cause such inner joy and such remarkable pain as love 
oh for < PROPMALE>'s sake goodnight !! 
why dont you go shove your head in some dirt like an Ostritch ! 
I wish i had super hero powers ... 
SERIOUSLY !?!?!?!? 
oh < PROPFEMALE > .... 
is loving being with her daughter 
i must be getting old .. my ambitions have changed 
uh oh ! 
amazing light show in the north sky 
25 days and I will be living in a home with air conditioning !!! 
well ... 
is takin babies to the park 
there are a few things i think i am ready to let go of ... 
is wondering what you do with an 11yr old boy that has this natural charm ? 
Baby girl has got an audition at the Nashville School of ARTS !!!!!! WHOOO HOOOO !! 
feelin pretty smart just replaced my hard drive .... it is way easier than it sounds ! 
Did I already start the countdown ? when I wake in the morning we have 22 days before we hit the highway !! 
Hot Fudge Sunday I HATE how i long for you !!! 
Canoeing with my adoptive sister and children !!! 
Had a lot of fun today ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > and babies ! 
can think of a few people i wish there was an erase button for 
Happy 4th of July everyone ! 
this is what happens when a tornado meets a volcano ... eminem 
\ mom there is so too much pee in this pool its burning my eyes ! \ " ... Taylor " 
is hoping that the kids can manage to not break something that would require me paying < PROPMALE > for 2.5 weeks .. thats it 2.5 weeks !! 
someday i will laugh about this but NOT ToDAY ! 
has a hard time dealing with people that can't be upfront 
is hoping to wake up in the morning with acceptance and confidence ! 
i love spending time with friends ... where you lose track of time ... thanks Mceldowneys 
either there is a skunk on the block or someone is doing some serious smokin ' ... wow 
Every interaction causes a chain reaction ... and we are affected when it is least expected 
feelin melancholy 
nervous about upcoming change and at the same time cant wait to get the heck out of here ! 
wow 
wow havent seen the gym for like a week .... it was nice ... real nice 
well one cut screen , one torn , and my sons name graffitied on my < PROPFIRST > seat with a pretty little stick person .... IN ONE DaY ! 
please pray that i can get and keep focused ! 
the things people do when they are hurting ..... hmmm 
kind of looking forward to a home with AIR CONDITIONING ! 
who needs to work out when you live in a sauna ? 
a cool breeze has never felt as good as it does tonight ! 
It's a new day ! 
My sisters keeper .. i have never cried so much during a movie ! 
is hoping to get to know a leperchaun 
why does it feel like 11pm ? 
i guess i had to go to that place to get to this one 
I really do hate goodbyes ... 
I love good hugs ... I got me one today !! 
my son just brought me breakfast in bed ! 
Anyone traveling on 52 south headed to stewartville this is your warning ... I will be driving a 26 ft truck ... i am sorry 
is scared real scared 
i dont mind .... 
is so tired ! 
its wednesday already ! last day of work ... 
i have never experienced such peace and inner joy in the midst of so much sadness thank you Lord and < PROPMALE > ! 
is on the road 
is almost to st louis ... wow 
is up ... wow 
is not allowed to drive the truck anymore .... :/ 
is 180 < PROPMALE > away from home 
totally biffed it down my new drive way that is the craziest incline i have ever seen .... 
is really thankful for lfe rght now .. got a call esteay for an interview ! hopoefully its not a voluntary position ! 
is going through internet withdrawal 
such a mix of class and race down here ... 
Oh My Gosh ! Internet Finally !!! 
well i dont think this job is meant for me ... hours yuck and 4 weeks training out of town :P 
looking forward to some good sleep tonight ! 
is frickin hot ! wow ! 
... sometimes it is hard for me to remember that God's got it ! and He will not withhold any good thing from me ... 
is impatient 
okay MN friends .. you have got to try this .. By a HamHock boil it for 45 mintake the juice and the hamhock and put it < PROPFEMALE > pot of green beens with some diced onions salt and pepper ... let that cook on med-low for like 2 hours .. OH MY GOSH !!! YUMMMMMMM 
why ? 
Great service and worship today ... good lunch now time for an early nap ! 
on a mission ! 
has to remember i can only knock on doors .. God will decide which one's open up 
i hope when i wake up in the morning i dont feel like this ... 
she got in ! 
ohhh friday you are calling me ! 
is wondering why i am wake when all the babies are still sleeping ? 
is thankful for a great night and a fulfilled wish BB's blues/jazz resteraunt and club was fabulous ! not to mention the company .. thanks 
one more thing my baby is 15 today ! WOW ... i love your < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > i am so thankful God gave you to me you truly are a gift .... happy birthday mamma ! 
cookin ' cookin ' and cookin some more 
is < PROPFIRST > 
school starts this week that means i am going to have 4 children to drop off in 4 different places and tr to find a JOB ! WOW this is gonna be fun ! 
is wondering y balance is so hard to maintain ... 
and here i am again powerless and waiting 
hmmmm .. help me deifne friends .... 
is thankful that I serve a God that will provide ! 
one down 2 to go ... yay 1st day of school 
is doing a kid check makin sure i gotem all 
are my expectations to high ? 
if you wanna play games why not scrabble or monopoly ? 
just reinstalled the 13 buttons my daughter decided to rip off of my laptop ... 
stick a fork in me i am DONE ! 
< PROPFIRST > just told < PROPFIRST > he isnt very fast b/c he doesnt have 16 hands 
is ready for the game ! GO Falcons ! 
hope my facebook friends have a blessed day today 
not being employed is ... well a bit boring 
answered prayer ... speedy ( the fish ) is dead 
is going to learn < PROPFEMALE > living here 
you know i am glad there is a remove button on here cuz sometimes i type before i think about what i am saying ... ya not good 
Lord , I need you to show up and show out !! 
teach me how to dougy 
weighing the pros and cons for singleness or relationship .... they are tied ..... :( 
is wondering how something so good can be so painful ... 
is discouraged 
wow ! that shower just worked a mood miracle ! 
i think expectations and the word hope should only be used when referring to God .... 
Well the kids are all set and in the groove of school daycare etc ... so now the job :) 
< PROPFIRST > Farve should retire\ 
4 real 
< PROPFIRST > farve is so old he should be admitted to a nrsing home 
its friday evening and i really dont want to be at home .. 
is going to master southern style macaroni and cheese ! 
looking forward to this evening ! 
watching < PROPFIRST > lift her hands while worshipping and praying is one of the most heavenly things on earth .... i would imagine that her \freeness\ " in worship is much how it will be in heaven ..... " 
you cant have a testimony without a test .... 
i think i am headed to a few prisons today ... hmmm should be interesting ! 
there is nothing attractive about the fro-hawk ... really 
someone called for a counseling position !!!! Oh God PLEASE ! 
is trying to be patient .... ugh 
nothing like the roller coaster of hope and discouragement 
was meant to stay in bed today 
I dont think survival mode is practicing faith however my human-ness pushes me to < PROPFEMALE > that direction and my faith draws me back ... and the war seems to continue despite me 
just thought everyone on facebook should know < PROPFIRST > has officially taken her first self initiated poopy on her toilet !!! Go < PROPFIRST > !! 
the < PROPFEMALE > is a beautiful burnt orange here tonight however < PROPFIRST > is convinced the < PROPFEMALE > has puked on itself 
LAZY !!!! ugh !!!! 
ya know being an at home mom is not a bad job ... I actually kind of like it however I dont think it is gonna pay the bills ... 
is a 32 yr old mother of 4 it is okay if i go to bed at 9 pm on a friday night !! hahaha 
I said < PROPFIRST > I love ya sure I will put big nasty worms on your hook .... I did not say I would take the fish off of the hook ! 
is wondering since when did taking solo trips to walmart become something to look forward to ?! yikes 
.. havent felt this sick in awhile ! 
I have NEVER inmy life tasted nor MADE a cupcake so devine it didnt even need frosting !!! Watch out < PROPFEMALE > Watch OUT !!! 
Really thankful for a good day ! 
human beings ..... mmmm so much can be said about the species 
is going to Work ! yeah ! 
i have NEVER been more thankful for a job in my life ! I have been hired through a temp service that seems to be one to keep me employed for now .... so counseling you are going to have to wait a bit ... but thats okay ! Thank Lord !! 
i need to slloooowwwww down waaayyyy down 
could really use a beverage 
And the AWARD GOES TOO .... me 
release !! 
Karma .... I want her to work in my favor ! 
is having the best night EVER !!! 
Bout to go to BB's HEYYY !!! 
Rough start to the day BUT this was by far ! one of the most awesomest days i have had in awhile !!! Good Night ! 
Is it possible to be completely content ? 
My baby has been casted in the musical Hairspray !!! 
some guys need to be sent back to jive turkey school ... 4real ! 
is thankful for life today and the peace I am experiencing 
sanatrium ....... leave me be 
cubicles r like timeouts ..... lol 
interview tomorrow ..... and would LOVE to get the job !!!! 
I think God gave me this cubiccle job for 2 reasons : 1 ) to shut me up and 2 ) to keep me law abiding because if i were ever put in a jail cell ( like a cubicle ) I would go insane ! lol Good Day Facebook Friends !!! 
it is bloody Torture 
So the job i interviewed is perfect ! working with the homeless ... c o-o ccuring disorders ... So i say \God let me have the job I will never doubt You again\ " the Spirit quickly replied \ " .... stop doubting Me now \"" 
this boy just asked < PROPFIRST > if i was his sister !!! 
ahhhh the cubicle 
:) my cubicle coworkers are really nice 
< PROPMALE > mars ! just the way you are ..... amazing 
there is nothing worse than the anticipation of a package coming ... not knowing what is in the package AND getting it from a significant somebody !! ahhh 
I was just getting to work at Pathways halfway house and remember watching the second plane hit ..... feeling confused and emotional 
just bought my very first umbrella ..... every southern girl has one .... really 
just got done workin it on the concession stand grill ....... GO FaLCONS ! 
i think i have come across something with MUCH value .... 
it is really not sexy or pretty for females to have plumber pants ..... skinny big doesnt matter crack kills 
wants my gas grill back ... :( 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is tha man ! 
is listening to a song by < PROPMALE > franklin ... sweetest name i know ... wow its hard to keep silent ! 
... best thing that has ever happened to me ..... 
i almost let go .. by < PROPMALE > carr ...... mmmmm 
has never experienced such an adreniline rush and peace at the same time ? whats that about ? 
5am comes so early ! 
well this am the adrenaline is clearlyfrom this grande frapp from starbucks with extra espresso ! 
has the capability to be very immature sometimes hehehe 
So the job that will not only fulfill my hearts passion and will give independent financial stability has called for me to come in for an \experiential\ " day to see how I liek and how the clients like me ... this occurs on monday ... so God willing .... " 
you know that feeling where you would really like to tell a few people a few things .. you know give to em ' good but you know it is pointless b/c they wont change .... this post is for you !!! 
there are some last names that should be illegal to have ..... like there should be a law 
freedom is calling ..... 
time tells all ... 
that was almost the perfect nap ... almost .. :) 
I am thankful today for a Father that has good intentions for me despite my past ... Thankful ... and excited for His plans for me .. 
the menu : green beans , < PROPMALE > and cheese , fried chicken , barbecued chicken , cornbread stuffing , sweet tea , and strawberry shortcake , all glazed with LOVE !! 
ugh ... 
My Faith wont stay strong if I dont feed my Spirit ... 
He has a purpose and a plan .... just for me 
He is in control .... He is in control .... He is in control !!! 
.... well I might sound like a child but gosh darnit I AM !! Lord I want it ... please give it to me !! 
walk tall ladies despite the imperfections we find in ourselves our Father has perfectly and wonderfully designed and created us and called us for greatness 
i have a psychotic .... i mean a napless 2 year old i will pay someone to take 
It is crazy the places your mind can go ... simply crazy 
OMG !! just call and tell me yes or no ! 
grrrrr .. you clutch !! 
75 degree weather at 6 pm .... a place to call home 4 wonderful babies and supper cookin ..... great day great day 
So apparently it took < PROPMALE > nearly 100 yrs to build the ark , no rain , people callin him out , but God told him to do it so he did ... 100yrs he remianed faithful to the purpose put before him .... I struggle gettin through 1 week !! 
you know I dont know how i feel about this-summer one day and the next day fall ?!? no transition time ? must say i like wearin ' the jeans and cute sweaters though !! 
I must say this chicken smells DIVINE !!! MMMMM 
I have got to have far more \soul\ " runnin ' through my veins than what i know of my history ... I mean really how many wonderful ways are there to make cornbread !!! southern style in a cast iron pan in the oven ... OMG !!! " 
what the heck does \flocka\ " mean really what kind of word is that ?? " 
off to football ... again 
Does it not seem illegal to sell stamps for more than what the gov't says they are worth ? 
OMG ... maybe the Zyrtec was expired ... 
I almost forgot how a good workout and worship music can really lift the mood !! 
does anyone no how hard it is to < PROPFEMALE > pictures .... i mean first you have to select them ... and you can't have a whole bunch of one kid and only a few of another kid ... so many things to consider .... 
So , I need a gun .... I was driving today and there was this poor cat walking from the road on it's front two paws dragging the rest of his or her body ... into the woods to suffer and die and there was nothing i could do ... but if i would have had a gun i could have put it out of its misery .... 
You now I really dont know how I/we have made it this far ... really , it can only be by God's grace .. Thank You ! 
gettin ready to serve these southerners with some yankee butt kickin ' in spades .. YEAHHHH !!! 
Have you ever experienced something so sweet you were left speechless ? 
I got the JOB !!! 
I am so greatful that despite my waivering thoughts and faith God has shined upon me and remained more than faithful !!! Another Testimony for my life story ! 
.... please people stop living life as a victim for your own good ! 
i told her to keep it and by some dang detergent ... lol 
some people are REAL Douches ... 
Let's GO !!! WHAT !!! 
Sooooo want to throw a tantrum right now ..... but life has been to good lately .... i cant 
WOW ... talk about withdrawal havent been able to connect all morning !!! 
i wish i had one of those non-existant magic balls that allowed me to see in the future ... just a little bit 
i need/want someone to come cook me breakfast ... soon ..... like right now ... hahaha 
Tell me why in the heck whitecastle taste so good at 2 am !! tell me 
One thing that sucks about facebook ... is my < PROPFEMALE > to write sideways comments that wont do any good .... 
there is a song i think by skid row .... things arent always what they seem .... what is that song ? 
i should have joined the convent 
Im gonna just send a lil < PROPFEMALE > your way ... how about that ?!? 
Homemade chicken soup ... mmmm smells good ! 
I start on Monday !! 
I swear i need a prescription of ativan or something ! or maybe just get to work !! 
Chicken is almost done , fresh green beans in the crock pot , cornbread in the oven , and lil cute cheesecakes in the fridge .... ahhh 
focus focus focus .... 
despite my neurotic behavior life is really good right now .... content 
thankful for friends 
was really beginning to wonder about the human species ... until this morning .... undeserved kindness from strangers .... is humbling 
I do not beleive that there is a man walking this earth that is able to provide the comfort , reassurance , and support my heart and soul yearns for .... I do know Christ ... and i have been told He is the source ... however I do not know how to rest , tap into , or allow Him to provide and do this .... 
Did I say this week that i am thankful for the friends I have ?! Cause i am !!! 
BRI passed her permit test ! yay ! and sad :( my baby is growing up ! 
feelin awake and rested ... but y does that happen on the mornings the rest of the house is still sleepin ? 
I don't think the bulldogs are ready for what they are about to receive ... GO FALCONS !! 
served ! again 
... I ask myself \self how many times are u gonna start over or attempt to change this or that ? \ " answer- I'm never gonna stop ! starting over or tryin to do better ! " 
uhhh y can't I nap !! 
think I will head to < PROPFIRST > park .... 
just realized this ! everything I want I have ! someone that knows me through and through .. brianna someone that smothers me with affection and brings humor in my life ... sean and < PROPFIRST > and someone that brings excitement and chaos ! baby < PROPFIRST > !! I got it good !! 
that is/was a fantastical smile ! 
pumpkin patch time with the fam ! 
WOW ! guess who gets to go to work today ! YESSS ME !! 
please eggdrop soup do your magic !! 
all of this seems to good to be true !! so thankful and so undeserving ! 
I ask the 5 year old \ y did u put 15 pumpkin stickers on my car window ? \ " he says \ " its halloween \"" 
a bit early .... better than late !! have an awesome day FB family ! 
tired ... but still humbled and thankful !! 
just realizing most of my trouble and heart-ache stem from my own impulsive . reactionary behavior ... got to love self awareness ! 
people aren't always as \good\ " as they seem " 
ahhhh .... forgot what I was missing in the mornings getting myself ready for work and 3 babies !! life is feeling normal ... 
question of the day ; if you were put in a position to offer help and you offered it to 500 and only one received it and experienced positive life changes .. would it be worth it ? what about 1000 ? 
do you ever have those days where your like dang 8 more yrs I will be 40 and my kids will be 23 , 19 , 13 , and 10 ... I wonder what I will be doing and where I will be ? 
... ; ust started to reread one of my old books and it has dated 10/08 < PROPFEMALE > j eadie the author of a book that impacted me greatly ... 12yrs ... have learned so much and so little ! 
what kid writes a note to self regarding punishment so mom doesn't forget ??? 
well now that I have changed my shirt like 5 times ... I can go to work ! have a great day ! and be nice !! 
I love boxes of things !!! 
I also love new things ... clothes jobs challenges motivations people ... feelin love for life today yay ! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > I would like a soft air pistol for christmas one that stings real bad but wont cause one to bleed ... that one or two being those dogs that bark everynight 
Football in Murfreesboro ! 
driving to the boondocks was pretty peaceful .... akes me wanna move to the country ... and then there it was the massive landfill filling the amazing breeze with stench .... good analogy for a lot of things in life 
beginning of the 4th quarter 44-0 
and the final score 5 0-0 
I need/want a body pillow 
wants to go on a hiking adventure !!! yesss 
OMG !! this is beautiful ! 
is fishin with her boyz 
I think every once in awhile I get some pure clarity on how blessed I truly am ... I am so blessed ! 
these sunnies are a bit bigger than minnows not much .... looks like we have a new pet !!! 
When you put your trust in someone it means you expect them to do what they say they will do , which is usually something you should being doing for yourself .... You place your reliance on words or promised action rather than God . Knowing FULL well human beings are subject to do many things and anything in response to their internal fear , guilt , or shame .... \ 
Iyanla Vanzant 
I don't like asking for help ... but am thankful for those that respond when I need it 
goodnight FB family 
is eating an amazing sandwich .... that does not have meat !!! 
wth is going on !! 
omg ! what is hemp seed ? 
good day ... tired ..... off to football 
Jesus loves me this I know ! practice is canceled so I get to go !! 
Thanks coaches for the night off , the house is in order !! 
what is it about men in uniforms ? wow ! 
is confused ... 
WOW .... john legend can sing to me all day !!! mmm 
Goal : praying only for the knowledge of His will for me and the power to < PROPFEMALE > that out ... wow His will ... not mine ... His 
is having fun pretending to have road rage !! lol 
wow ! what a day ! unexpected conversations ! 
FB family a little piece of advice ; if you don't have the time and attention to have a conversation Don't call somebody and try to start one !!! come on !! 
sometimes I have to just shake my head at myself and wonder what in the heck was I thinking !! 
she know she bad .... 
is going to sleep good it is cold enough to snuggle under 3 blankets !! yes !! 
< PROPFIRST > bennett .... WOW 
< PROPFIRST > is the best brother in the universe ... says < PROPFIRST > 
always right on time : A magical potion is available today it is acceptance\ 
and My God will supply my EVERY need .... and He knows ... He knows every hair on my head , He knows my thoughts , and my hearts desire .... I and You have got to let go , turn it over , and trust Him .... 
wish I was at bentley's tonite ! 
someday ... 
early service today 
would really like to find a smaller family like church that is intergrated and come as you are .... Meadow Park/RCBC I miss you ! 
thinks i will cook early in preperation for a good nap !! 
why is it that our innermost can < PROPFEMALE > and want things that are either just not meant to be or are not really good for us ?? 
nothin like being woken up from some little boys lighting firecrackers ... oh and to top it off one was mine !!!! grrrr 
never before have I seen a 2yr old who finds pure joy locking her brothers outside !! 
and the < PROPFEMALE > rush has begun ... where is my drink ! 
OMG ! Lord please help the 2 yrs old come down from her high ! 
my heart hurts when I see the scars and open wounds left on grown people ... they have lived for yrs bound by the intentional and unintentional inflicted pain by parents 
gets to go work out ! yeah ! 
if I can't accept somone for who they are ... I am most likely struggling with accepting myself ... 
well if that wasnt an encouragin walk that i still got it ! Car stalked ( little scary ) , honked at , thumbs up , and a handclap with a yesss ! lol 
my neighbor is amazing ! 
sometimes kids look at me and think I'm an ass .... says < PROPFIRST > 
somethings r hard to figure out ... but some things are rather simple ... if you just watch someones behavior vs . words 
Salsa is almost done .. thanks neighbor for the tomatoes and cilantro ! 
I know my allergies were not this bad up north !! 
word of the day ... Avoidance 
< PROPFEMALE > is on the road just wanted to warn everyone 
teachers had great things to say about < PROPFIRST > ( he is a leader ) I am really proud of him ! bri has all A's go bri ! and < PROPFIRST > is doing amazing in school socially and academically ! go babies !! 
there is nothing like customer service with attitude and a mean mug ... got to love it !! 
one more thing ... Jesus had some powerful last words \it is finished\ " I think there are a lot of things and/or situations in our lives where we need to be saying the same things ... I'm just sayin " 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is starring as a Dynamite in Hairspray on the 11th - 14th at NSA shows are at 7pm each night saturday there will be a show at 2 . You better come see the diva in action while tickets are cheap !! 
before you guys go to bed tonight I want you to say this word at least 5 times ... and get crazy with it k .... SkaaDoooshh ... goodnight ! ;) 
I have nvr taken so much OTC medicine at once 
I . would really enjoy being taken care of right now :( 
needs a break 
right on time !! you would think by now my faith would be bigger than a mustard seed ?!! 
my spiritual relationship with God lately has been a lot of ... I am sorry's . and thank you's 
don't you hate it when you love a certain food so much but it gives you such bad gas you really shouldn't eat it ? I do ..... ;( 
strangest relationship ever ! 
good morning all !! 
come on Falcons !! playoff time ! go #8 !! 
I must say the falcons are straight intimidating with there team clap 
these folks are bout to get crazy over this game !! 
seans on the field !! 
56 to 6 awww !!! go falcons !! 
is feeling blessed beyond measure .... and maybe its time to be a bit slower to respond in all aspects of life .... have a blessed day family 
satan works so hard every sunday morning but this morning he has not stopped us ! 
good service 
cookin cookin cookin .... 
so i ran into someone in nashville that i havent seen in 14yrs ... what are the chances right ? and now i am kicking myself for not exchanging contacts so we could catch up .... well dangit 
< PROPFEMALE > has invented the super duper cadillac turn 
I have the best job ever ! I'm just sayin ! 
whatever my lifes plan I know its good ... I want to begin accepting it and living it to its fullest !! 
most of us would be in a state of awe if you new how many people were not only on the street tonight but the places they find or make for shelter ... if you have extra blankets tents anything that brings warmth donate ! 
sometimes I wish I wasn't so human .... :/ I'm just sayin 
this to shall pass ... this to shall pass 
don't throw your pearls to swine .... that means something now .... now its just breaking the habit 
the joy is overflowing today ! thank you Lord ! 
ready to call it a day !! 
you cannot imagine the gas I go through running these babies around !! 
what possesses a child to use about a 1/4 stick of deoderant on his head ?!!? really ?? 
I think I experience almost every emotion in th am ... between each child and their antics !! I love it !! 
I swear ! the next time the daycare doesnt give her psychotic ! rear-end a nap i am taking her back and they can have her for the night !!!! AHHHH !!! 
Living one day at a time ; \ 
Enjoying one moment at a time ; \ 
Accepting hardships as the pathway to peace ; \ 
Taking , as He did , this sinful world\ 
as it is , not as I would have it ; \ 
Trusting that He will make all things right\ 
if I surrender to His Will ;\ 
That I may be reasonably happy in this life \ 
and supremely happy with Him\ 
Forever in the next . \ 
Amen . 
I am so hungry today I could seriously tear something up !! 
snow in MN what !? I can't believe I am saying this .... makes me a little homesick :( 
get to go see my baby perform today ! so excited ! 
WHERE ARE YOU MAIL MAN I KNOW YOU GOT SOME STUFF TO DELIVER !! COME ON !! 
seriously need to find out how to tone down my boys gas issues RANCiD !! ugh !! 
uh oh !! bought to start !! go bri !! 
what a great date with my 4 babies to bad I am gettin stuck with the tab !! 
wow my room finally looks like a bedroom and not a consignment shop ! 
alright falcons let's do what we do !! WIN ! 
its gonna be a long day ! but I am excited !! 
one of the things I like about the south big women work it ! 
Well Antioch Falcons won the championship very cool ! andsean got to kick the ball ?!?! go < PROPFIRST > ! 
fear ..... false evidence appearing real 
adversity has come to develop me not destroy me !! 
this compulsion to cook so much food is nutz .. i have dove in to a day of cooking ! lasagna , pumpkin bars ( fresh pumpkin ) banana bread , and collard greens .... weird combo but that's whats up !! 
my kids are gonna be ticked there is so much lasagna we could probably eat it all week ! 
Santa --- I broke my 12 dollar mixer from walmart ionly do good with my mixer ... and now I want a REAL mixer and some REAL cookware and i promise to only do good with it !! 
homeade cream cheese frosting is the BEST ! 
hope every one has an amazing day ! 
its cold nashville !! cold ! 
let it go let it go let it go 
got to go work out with my biggest baby ! felt soooo good !! 
praise God ! football is done ! 
us \bigger\ " women need to know that showing some of our curves is cool .... however to much is too much !!! lethal even .... dont do it !! " 
its 817pm and I think I am gonna go to bed just because I can !! night ! 
I have bever owened an umbrella ... my very own I do now ! a purple one got to use it today ... pretty nice pretty nice 
a day of training fudge cicles ! and they made me agree to no horsing around ??!!! 
my jesus like qualities dissappear in this traffic !!! grrrr 
wow ... read me like a book w/o even opening up the book !! 
the gas station lady is fortunate that I am not 18 anymore 
I love rockin it with the babies in the morning 
why isn't there more men like < PROPMALE > .... wow ... I'm gonna wait for mine !! 
how long does it take too cash a check at your own bank .... too dang long !!! 
I want u to make me feel like I am the only girl in the world ... like I am the only one you will ever love 
so the boy ( < PROPFIRST > ) got himself in trouble today for making cat noises .... I guess it could be worse 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > in nashville in april !!! yes !!! 
just got educated on what words I can't say by my 5 year old ... 
The baby is up so early this am ... in the tub singing Jesus Loves me .... i love that !! 
I love how < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > keeps it so REAL !! 
its friday ya'll!! money in my pocket ! roof over my head ! food in the house ! bills paid ! new couch in my office !! good health ! amazing job ! 
I need a recipe for a chocolate pie with no whip cream ?!? if all else fails he will eat brownies !! 
SKYPE is very cool ... 
Getting excited about Thanksgiving , my second ever with my mom , 1st with a good friend and her kids , and not to mention my own babies ..... and a couple visitors from MN ! 
and guess who is wide awake while the rest of the house sleeps ..... 
you know maybe OCD isnt a bad thing .... :) 
word-name of the day \fernandoooo\ " ;) " 
gonna go work out with my baby !! 
thank you Lord for shutting that dog up 
well the day is already rather interesting out of pure stubborness < PROPFIRST > stood in the pouring rain screaming for a good 5 minutes and then ms thing takes out our mailbox with the < PROPFIRST > cause it was \to close\ " and its not even 7am " 
< PROPFIRST > sandler is hilarious 
happy thanksgiving everyone ! hope you enjoy your family and friends ! 
The Turkey has been injected 
the house is quiet outside of the music playin .... kind of nice 
Is really thankful to be still standing despite the trials of the past year .... even more thankful for the friends that have selflessly supported me .... thank you 
I am glad that certain emotions are temporary and will pass 
it never ceases to amaze me when scripture comes back to my memory because of lifes circumstances ... if I can apply this , Oh what peace ! \ 
Exo 14:14 The LORD will fight for you ; you need only to be still . \ " , 2010-11-26 23:49:26 " 
Trying to find somethin to do with the babies today .... 
Well if anyone needs/wants some ham and white bean soup I have more than enough ... 
fyi .. do not tickle a newly potty trained 2yr old for too long .... bad things happen 
Well I think I have found our church home ... the sermons are exactly what i need to hear ! 
weird day ... hopefully the work out will help ! 
Yes the work out did help ! I feel alive again ! 
off to take baby to the doctor 
Just have to learn to let some things go ... 
so the am fight today between the eldest children was : how hard or easy it would be to stab someone with a screwdriver ( in self defense of course ) 
can someone please tell me why in the heck we were given emotions when 95 percent of the time we can't do anything about them !! but feel them ! ugh !! 
married men should have their eyes plucked out for lookin around like their not married 
action word for the day \contentment \"" 
sometimes I think we set ourselves up for disappointment and rejection 
there is a petting zoo in my car this am ; goats sheep cats dogs and even an ass ! 
< PROPFIRST > says \mom there is a new girl in my class ... she's so beautiful I can't even look her in her eyes \"" 
I cannot hope things into existance .... 
does anyone want to donate to the \georgia needs to finish her bachelors degree fund\ " ... :) " 
homemade egg rolls ..... yum 
happy friday ya'll!!! 
I guess getting called at least one of the states is close enough ?? 
who intentionally hits a dog ?! this lady is lucky she didn't stop her car cause was about to feel the wrath ! 
Licensure test in the am ..... relax and dont worry about it or study cram study ??? 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? Not to see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy and paste this to your status to invite your friends to do the same !! 
i would really like to see some pics of the mn snow !! 
Off to go test ... pray for me ! 
she is my child .... why wouldnt she be so strong willed !! 
so we were trying to find something to watch on tv .... \look < PROPFIRST > Grandma got ran over by a reindeer ! \ " \ " For real where ! can I see ! Did she break her leg ?! \"" 
I am short 2 babies for the night 
I love that my kids get excited about going to church ... 
gonna try to make some homemade Cinnamon Rolls ! yummy 
... Be strong in the Grace that is in Christ Jesus ..... endure hardness as a good soldier of Christ Jesus - 2 Tim ... great sermon today 
happy monday ! 
what does the tooth < PROPFEMALE > do when she CAN'T FIND THE TOOTH !! ahhh 
Project Homeless today ... they served 1500 people last year and are expecting more this year ... and I get to be a part of it ! 
happy birthday to my < PROPFIRST > .... he turns 6 today ! 
Thanks for all of the < PROPFIRST > B-Day wishes he was excited all day ! 
finally got the boots ! can't wait to wear them ! 
okay honesty is welcome bc it just may save me some money : the black boots with heels that come about 5 inches below the knee ... can short snuggly girls pull them off or not so much ? remember honesty ! 
And let the baking begin ! 
and schools are closed in Davidson County 
after 6 gas stations i finally found one with and air thing that worked grrrr 
Prayin that this is all going to fall in place .... 
the baby spoke her first southern words tonight with no outside provoking ... she said \ ... all ya'll are my friends\ " . lol " 
alabama the state with trailor add ons 
did my first real intervention today ! it was crazy and cool ! 
the human race never ceases to amaze me 
i have so much i would like to say i am better off saying nothing .... 
I hate to say this but somebody did something with my < PROPFEMALE > and gave me this troll child who has done nothing but destroy things this evening ! 
some ignorance is difficult to tolerate .... 
Some dysfunctional relationships are forever .... hmmm crazy thing and maybe it's more about accepting people for who they are whether I approve of it or not ... 
... well ma'am your rear tires are legally bald ???!! 
exscuse me ma'am why is < PROPFIRST > like white and < PROPFIRST > looks mixed ? because < PROPFIRST > is white and < PROPFIRST > is mixed ... Oh ! Wow ! Weird ?! 
I really struggle with waiting on people ... 
the boys are up and ready for their road trip to snowland ! 
when I meet a man of his word ... then he will be worth spending time with 
< PROPFIRST > is looking for the middle of no where on the map .... he thinks he found it 
babies r gone ... on the way to mn ... y do ifeel like crying ??!! 
145 more miles ... I forgot how beautiful a huge river is at sunset .... nice 
nothin like some tnt to help with the drive home 
400 < PROPMALE > 1 tank of gas 
< PROPFEMALE > just made it across the rainbow ! best part of the movie the midgets are coming ! i mean munchkins 
I function better in the chaos of my 4 babies ! 
its official I have the best kids in the universe ! 
just kicked my own butt with the help of the elliptical 
okay so I think the lunar eclipse is tonite ... 9an someone seriously tell me what time it starts central time ?? 
so moved and privelaged to hear other peoples life stories .... 
tired ready to call it a day already ! 
seriously ??? 
I feel like I don't even know what day it is !! 
I so don't care for country music however when the men sing about being a man ! mmmm dreamy ! lol 
has officially eaten the last bologna sandwich in the house .... 
WHEW ! it is cold outside !! 
I MUST vacuum out this car today ! MUST ! 
Go < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
i am ashamed and i cant stop ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everybody ! 
so thankful for loving thoughtful friends ! and ones who can cook and have lovable babies !! ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas facebook family ! 
getting ready to go see my friend gym ... would love some starbucks with extra espresso ... and clean out the mamma ride b4 the babies come back to trash it again ! 
WHAT ! Gym is always available for me ! one man I can depend on ! ugh okay starbucks here I come !! 
mmmm lunch ... white chocolate mocha with extra espresso 
OHHH how I love thee coffee bean ! 
alright southern girls . I need to know the spot to find an outfit for curvy classy and hot 
I PASSED I PASSED GOOD LORD I PASSED MY LICENSURE TEST !!!!! 
it is absolutely amazing what can happen when you follow a recipe !!! who knew ?!!? 
Gosh I thought it was a bit warm outside 42 ! 
hmmmm nice evening ... 
what a concept ! taking life as it comes vs trying to control it ! 
My family is on the road traveling back home ... please pray for my sister's sanity and their safe return !! 
thankful for a flexible job that allows me to be a mom ... 
3.5 more hours !! ahhh !! 
they are running pieces of old skits from SNL WOW ! that is humor !! 
its in the 60's absolutely beautiful ! 
it is gonna be an early night for this house .... 
love seeing the unexpected do the unexpectable ! 
time to cut hair shower lounge movie .... 
ahhhhh the kids are home house doesn't stay clean an orderly for long 
5 < PROPFEMALE > chic 
what is the point of an appointment time when it isn't acknowledged ?!? 
I have got some serious work to do 
i wish love real love was something easier to come by and quicker to recognize ... i spose it would lose its value then .... 
I have been driving for 20 yrs and the permit holder says \mom u act like iu know ... ( how to drive) \"" 
I wanted to advocate and educate in regards to addiction .... well here I go ! 
4 babies in the dr at once ! 
4 strep throats are u serious ! 
how do I quarantene ( sp ) myself in a mini < PROPFIRST > from 4 diseased children !!! 
wish i could fall asleep ... 
off to work early hope to make up some hours ! 
ahhh yesss !! sometimes it just takes a little Metallica !! 
... and the baby says your so pretty mom ... aww 
gonna have to make a store run ... tried to avoid it ... 
saturday night live ... omg 
sometimes you just gotta shake things off .... and get back in focus 
epiphany ! love is not something u go and find ... it is something that just happens 
its friday !!! 
wish I new more people . down here there would most definitely be an adult gathering occuring on cedarmont 
miller has come over to help me with domestic duties ..... sooooo thankful !! 
the blackberry is really disappointing me ... 
Super Nintendo Sega Genesis .... Dang right i like the life i live went from the negative to the positive 
Projects for the day : white chocolate cheesecake ( for my oldest baby ) and fresh salsa 
< PROPFIRST > \mom when is jesus coming to take us to heaven ? \ " I don't know < PROPFIRST > the bible just tells us to be ready \ " well iam ready mom ! \ " \ " mom is God a boy or a girl ? \"" 
feels like MN out here !! 
I wish it were possible to get people to see their value , strength , and potential 
when your down to nothin God is up to something 
I am thankful today for the people that have been placed in my life in the past and present ... they have filled gaps , given guidance , and support . What ever I thought I lacked I was and am receiving .... continually \ 
Thanks 
Anybody want some pellet guns and bullets !! I will hand deliver them !!!! GRRRRR !!! 
who new at 32 yrs of age i would have a 15yr old insanely overprotective mother WOW 
schools are closed thanks for the 530 call davidson cty ! 
its okay for people to experience pain and struggle , the 2 often build amazing character and give the initiative and drive towards positive change 
Sometimes my children leave me absolutely speechless .... this speechlessness can be due to pure frustration and anger OR complete pride and joy 
need to regroup need to regroup 
concerned about my oldest .... one more day with the kids at home may send her to the looney bin ! 
your momma is so hairy the only language she speaks is wokie 
I neeeed body heat ! omgoodness ! it is cold ! 
if u want success and to overcome you have to let go of the old ways and behaviors ... thats what brought you the ' unsuccess ' in the first place 
UH OH !!! license number has arrived 1073 it is official !!! 
u took the time to figure me out ... 
was reminded today of where I have been sooo thankful for the power and opprotunity given to me to change 
so I think me and the kids need something spontaneous and fun ... so we r going to make and eat FABULOUS homeade sundays for supper !!! 
if you have to \screen\ " your status's b/c of a significant other that means one of 2 things 1 ) your significant other is insecure and a control freak or 2 ) your up to NO DANG GONE GOOD ! " 
taking a 15 year olds phone is like sending her into withdrawals 
we r told God does not give us more than we can handle .... alls I know is raising kids in the level of corruptness this world offers is more than enough for me ! I need wisdom ... 
trying to develop a strategy of approach to teach a reel back in a 15 yr old girl 
on the way to the hospital !! ugh ! 
Got to love the southern healthcare system ! yes your rock ! \ 
NOT !!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is allergic to penecillin 
watchin the goonies with 3/4 of the family 
my body aches like I did something physical yesterday ( I didn't ) and I just want to sleep ... hope this isn't the illness all of the babies just got done with ! 
did I smoosh u < PROPFIRST > \ ya like a pancake ! \"" 
Thankful today for people with determination and passion about their purpose .... \ 
Dr. Kings fight was not limited to one group of people , i think his vision was far bigger than that .... thanks 
the neighbor boy .... Lord help me be nice 
......... 
it is so crazy how my kids can take me to \that level\ " you know \ " that level\ " like a Hell girl meets a hulk like chick combined with an old school nun wiht a ruler .... that level WOW ! " 
I think there r people who significantly suffer from self inflicted aphixiation from their own sphinxter ... 
is frustrated with our society on multiple levels its okay though just fuel for my character building ! 
AHHHHHH !!! 
11 , 12 , 13 , saltine ... sam counting 
seriosly think women should be exscused from life for a week every month 
since when did this type become attractive ?! 
think I need to find a side hustle 
No school tommorrow kiddos 
I am who I am ... take it or leave it ! 
Age check : i have to work another 35 years before i can retire ( that is a lot of career time) ! heck i have already been working for 17 ! 
someday .... at least I hope ! 
I'm a picker I'm a grinner I'm a lover I'm a sinner 
okay sis 2 can play that one we on the grind all the time aint nothin on my mind but ... we aint playin wit chya ! from the home of neckbones black eyed peas turnip and collard greens we .... 
some baked and marinated drummettes for supper tonite 
should I stay or should I go now ... 
insane !!! 
8-9 police cars lined up next to each with lights on doesn't look good 
i think my knight in shining armor must still be in training or off to battle or something ! 
some things need to be left as an experience vs a regular part of everyday life 
So i thought it was sweet when my 11 yr old man wanted to slow dance to < PROPFIRST > McKnight with his mamma .... until he ever so sweetly found rest in my bossom ... he quickly felt a smack across the head and told NEVER to dance with a girl like that ... he responded with a devious smile 
mom I can't believe your so chubby ! your so cute !.... uh ? thanks ? 
thinks they may be some more life changing insight on the verge of explosion ... looking forward to it ! 
I'm ready for bed right now 
going to bed at 7 pm is not a smart idea 
pet peeve ; adults who throw tantrums .... I know I have been guilty but right now I am not talkin about me !!! 
LOVE MY JOB !!! 
No One can beat the Isley Brothers when it comes to lovin ' music ! no one ! 
mom u c that girl ? she's mean I don't know why ... well < PROPFIRST > girls are crazy ... no mom THAT girl is crazy ! 
school is closed 
< PROPFIRST > moms 13 now ... we have to start listening to her 
I must say I am a < PROPMALE > overwhelmed with all the love flowing my way ! seriously ! thanks you guys and gals ! 
Thank you again you guys/gals are makin a girl feel pretty SPECIAL !!! 
My kids are amazing --- clean house , supper , cake , presents , and cards from each one ... will keep them 4EVER !! 
next tattoo is going to be a phoenix 
is it wrong to allow one occurrence to determine the potential future or lack of one ? 
my heart is racing wondering if dreams really do come true ? 
I hate the disease of addiction .... and I struggle with the ignorance of people that only enable the disease to keep killing life 
u know that feelin when you pray for breakthrough and blessing and then He gives it to u in an amazing way and your like \why me ? I have done nothing to deserve it ... \ " thank God for favor ... despite me ... I/we need that to survive " 
let the inking persist !!! 
do u evr lay in bed and wonder \y am I awake ? \"" 
anyone that had a childhood affected by dysfunction ; daily reading book \Affirmations for the inner child\ " Rokelle Lerner wow ! " 
if u mumble or speak broken english don't get attitude when people don't know what the heck u r saying !! 
I just want to inform everyone it is 11am and 61 degrees !! 
u see c this ice cream right there ? I wanna lick it ! 
< PROPFIRST > saw some crosses at Walmart and says \AWWWW Jesus loves me this I know ! \"" 
looks like a long road is ahead 
sunday dinner is about ready baked chicken < PROPMALE > n cheese and green beans ! 
Good morning ! sometimes I get caught up in people places and things and forget that I have an amazing calling and life to live ! 
He gives and takes away as He sees fit 
Not sad or happy ..... somewhere in the middle is that peaceful ? melancholy ? not sure 
monday ! going to attempt to make a less draining week then my typical ! 
worked out ! felt goooood real gooood !! 
wondering why i am still awake .... taxes are done though ! 
restraint is such a foreign word ! 
the doctor says take a caffeine pill to replace my coffee w/ creamer ?!?! r u friggin kidding me ?! no thanks ! 
Stepbrothers is on ! 
the process of just \being\ " letting life happen on lifes terms and not try to manipulate it with my stupid human tricks is a 4real process ... however what do I have to lose ? lol pray 4 me ! " 
wide awake .... again 
I don't know how God does it ... if it were me I would have restarted multiple times 
I just found and purchased the most amazing pair of heels EVER !! 
I need an emergency ( a no harm one ) from 9-12 tommorrow to escape this horrendous role playing portion of this training !! please !! 
wow what a start to the day ! 
just as horrendous as I expected !!! OMG !! 
21 year old just told me I remind him of his mother , mentioned \thunder thighs\ " ( which is a name I haven't heard since I was young ) oh and that I would look better with long hair ... you have got to have some appreciation for those with no filter ! really ! lol " 
attempted to do group with 5 young men all but 1 has untreated adhd ! OMG this is the chaos I miss ! love my job ! 
I just need to relax and do nothing for a little while 
whenever I get a pedicure about halfway through I start feeling guilty and humbled and I want to tell the pedicurist I will do her feet next ... 
my electric < PROPMALE > is as much as it was for our house in the coldest month in MN this is insane ! 
i dont like not being able to get a good read on someone ..... leaves to much to the unknown 
have men somehow become lazy or lost the drive to pursue or I they just full of doodoo ? 
Letting go and accepting life on lifes terms is one of the most difficult things in the world to do ..... 
what possesses a child to not only poop in the bathub while they are bathing but then scream bloody murder that there is a terd in the tub like they dont know where in the heck it came from !! 
thinks i might just need to get out ! 
GEtting ready for church thankful for a new day ! 
I CANNOT believe that the greenbay packers are doing what they r doin !! I don't even like football !! 
usher I love you ! 
this is y I don't watch football 
looking forward to a few quiet hours with myself 
God has always given me my hearts < PROPFEMALE > and at a capacity beyond my comprehension leaving me in awe and with overflow -- and there is no situation beyond Him ! 
Yesterdays service that spoke right to my heart ;\ 
God came to me .. He pursued me ! He had compassion on me , He washed me and healed my wounds , He then claimed me as His , covered me and clothed me , bringing me into a Covenant relationship with Him that is eternally binding ... and now He continues to transform me into who I was created to be ! 
gonna go WORK IT OUT !! 
if for some reason my children werent near me there wouldn't be a day that would go by that they wouldn't know that I was a phone call away ... that I loved them ... and that they are always on my mind . 
no school ! 
GRRRRR come on !!! 
there is a reason for a slow < PROPFIRST > and passing < PROPFIRST > people ! 
its not that serious people ! 
I love being able to get my kids stuff they really want .... I just might get more excited than they do ! 
< PROPFIRST > had to have 100 googley eyes for a school projects .... we had leftovers an dsam had them in a bag .... she says \Oh I found my eyes ! \ " as she holds the bag of googly eyes " 
called to check on my sis at 730 this am and forgot that < PROPFEMALE > is on a different time .... so for her it was a 530 call ! ooppss heheehe 
tired .... for some reason running errands takes more energy out of me than cleaning all day ?! 
seriously sometimes i wished i hoped less and let go more .... :/ 
think i am ready for a girls nite 
breakfast has been cooked ..... coffee made ... shower and shop ?? 
so the child has 100+ in all her classes ..... so when i find out she has skipped a class do i ground her , talk about it , or let it go and just know that i know ? 
The 2 Jones girls are on at the same time !! 
i think i should buy a grill get some adult beverages and open the doors !! 
grill purchased ! u know what time it is !! 
Girls can most def throw a better grill out than boys !! 
maybe I need to be hit with a brick .... y would a guy take the time talking about future plans , get to know someone , and act they r interested , and then to consistently not take the time to physically be in the presence of the girl they claim to be so interested in ( and he is not gettin anything in return) ?! < PROPMALE > !! 
i needone of those weird shaped therapeutic pillows seriously ! 
suppose to be 60 today ! 
my wash macine is dead ... and full of water does anyone now how to get the water out ? 
I need < PROPFEMALE > or Tim ... right NOW !! 
< PROPFIRST > just took his first sip of a yoohoo \ ya that taste good\ " he whispers to him self yooohoooo " 
OMG Poison ... talk dirty to me ! love it so funny to hear ! 
I now speak Clackamas ... just thought u all should know ! 
6am u r gonna come so early .... can u just take your time ? 
may not get flowers , chocolate , or romanticizing today however there is most certainly much love in my house ! its a gd day ! 
locked out of my own office ! keys please be in there !! 
OMG ! it is beautiful outside !! 
gettin my eyes checked wish it would help me see clearer in more than one way ! 
gonna have a busy busy nite ! 4 dates !!! uh oh ! 
with my babies on my hot date at applebees ! 
it is what it is and I can't make it what its not ..... deep thoughts by < PROPFEMALE > caldwell 
I know this is tmi but < PROPFIRST > says in hi serious voice \mom I don't know why my one private sticks to this side ? that's why I have to go like this ( as he spreads his legs apart ) so it doesn't stick \"" 
Bri started track today so proud of her ! < PROPFIRST > is comin around with school and continues to make improvements ... proud of him ! < PROPFIRST > has a bad ear infection he also has one of the most loving hearts I have ever encountered proud of him too ! < PROPFIRST > started a new daycare she continues to form her personality and expresses child like faith in Jesus ... I am so proud of her ! 
< PROPFIRST > has had a huge accomplishment on this day february 15th , 2011 . For the very first time in his educatonal career his lowest grade is an 84 !!!! WHOOOHOOO 
I am a man < PROPFIRST > i now how to use the toilet .... 
this is a bit carnal but I can't say that I don't like those random unexpected comments 
I you strong enough to be my man ... good . song good question ! 
if your not done with work DO NOT step outside WOW ! make a girl quit her job or play hooky ! 
oh coffee where < PROPMALE > thou 
and this is y u don't go to vavoline for an oil change 
If I wear meakeup , I'm fake . If I'm skinny , I don't eat . If I have curves , I'm fat . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what I think , I'm a b*tch . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything nowadays without being labeled . Go ahead and label me , I'm proud of who I am !! Girls , repost this if you're proud of who you are !!! 
I wonder if the guy who is down with OPP is now down with STD 
if that is not my daughter standing out there she is gonna HATE what I am about to do ! 
seriously ! and a train ! ugh !! 
feelin my allergy for real right about now ! 
looking forward to zaney's tonite ! 
can Coogi be classy ? 
Nap time !!! 
light blue dolce and gabbana is amazing ! 
gettin ready to see < PROPFIRST > witherspoon aka \ u don't want to go in there for about 30 to 45 minutes \"" 
that was toooo funny !! my cheeks hurt ! 
first fishing trip of the year ! pretty early we will get plenty of fishing done this year ! 
twice baked potatoes with sour cream , cheese , and bacon bits , collard greens , and grilled and barbecued boneless chicken breast ..... yummmmmmeeyyyy 
thinkin of ya MN as I am in my flip flops grillin and enjoyin the fresh breeze 
< PROPFIRST > found an animal skull like a month ago and kept it < PROPFIRST > thought it would be a great idea to steal its teeth and trick the toothfairy 
Just registered 2 boys for football !!! It is gonna be a busy summer ! 
I need some creatively nice ways to tell people I don't want to give them my number 
< PROPFEMALE > suppers in the oven ! 
mom can u get me an ink pen with a feather ... sure < PROPFIRST > will look for one .... well u know the perfect guy to ask ... who ? God mom He knows everything ! now he is trying to convince me he knows what color God is really b/c he is convinced its < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
I say y not completely embrace yourself for who u are(your inner stuff ) and accept and rock out your outer self attractive qualities and imperfections !! 
I don't eat chickens they are spicy ---- sam 
sry about all these kid stories but ... sean got his granny a hge chocolate < PROPFEMALE > bar for her bday ... taylor says cool ! maybe she will get the < PROPFEMALE > ticket ! 
just had to read the nastiest book EVER about flies maggots and pupa , 
life is so big ... to big to stop enjoying it and living it b/c of one person or event 
learning to < PROPFEMALE > great days ! 
bookstores r such a weakness ! 
some of my daughters ways r toooo much like mine .... eeeeehh ! 
if u can't drive are scared to drive or think it is okay to drive 30mph on the interstate . PLEASE for everyones safety and sanity DON'T drive ! 
i cant believe all of the old R < PROPFIRST > that has been playin on the radio today ?!?! 
Y 
yes sometimes I want to throw a two year old fit 
< PROPFEMALE > you don't have to put on the red light 
I need to feed 4 kids cheaply and quickly 
< PROPFIRST > has learned to say sorry ..... ugh ... so she does something and then pitifully says \mom Im sorry\ " expecting of course to not get in trouble or get what she wants ! BABIES " 
there haas been a drought .... and i am just starting to feel it !!! 
I am beyond excited for Spring and Summer !!! 
It is a bit < PROPFEMALE > outside ! WOW ! 
< PROPFIRST > again says \mom when is Jesus coming\ " \ " I don't know sweety we just need to be ready\ " \ " I am ready for him to pick me up mom ! \ " love him ! " 
song of the day \tainted love\ " post it ! sing it ! snap your fingers to it ! < PROPMALE > your head move your feet ! happy Friday ! " 
I think I seriously just damaged some vocal chords screaming out of frustration ! lol ooPps 
little pamperin goin on !! 
its amazing what happens when your contacts r in the right eyes 
I find it a bit annoying when my neighbor decides to not park on their side , for what reason i do not know , making it next to impossible for me to get out ... grrrr 
Live and Learn .... chalk it up and keep on keepin on 
mom can I borrow . some of your boy cologne ? No and its not boy cologne its friggin dolce and gabbana ! 
I think in the end its really the \players\ " that miss out " 
can't get mad when u ask for clarity and u get it but its not what you wanted 
there is so much good and hope in the world .... but the bit of pain seems to drowned it out 
church --- 
praying for the Comforter to come in this morning and reside for awhile 
gettin ready for some Sunday cookin ' 
I always tell the people I work with u have got to take in new info if you want to learn do something different ... so me and < PROPMALE > are about to get it ! new info ! 
temp has dropped all of a sudden ! 
why do people ask questions when they really don't want to listen or hear the answers ? 
thankful for the life I have been given .... 
God always seems to make things work out .... He never fails I can freak out about bills food clothes etc and He lines things up and we Always end up with not only what we need but some extra too ! 
love my job ... for multiple reasons let me share 1 I get to encouter DAILY people that I help and work with that have No/limited filter ... which has multiple benefits today it was empathy and a good laugh of WOW I can't believe u just told me that ! 
I would really like something sweet like cheesecake with a brownie bottom ! 
Man its beautiful outside 
I don't know that I have ever slowed down enough to realize how fulfilling my life is ...... God is good 
I did it .... I stood up for myself in one of those situations I would have \suffered in silence\ " not sure how I feel about it yet but I did it ! " 
allergies ? really .... yuck 
my daughter says \you will get married mom and have a big wedding\ " oh wow okay \ " probably when your like 50\ " .... huh ? thanks bri ! " 
baby has a temp of 103 :( 
my car :( she's nasty so nasty ... this is what I will be doing with my friday night 
I need to know what will take spray paint off the garage floor 
if your kids are still asking for stuff after u spend a chunk of money like a feign or they expect . you to keep running when u have been AND they have a sick sibling well u prob have some teens in the house and some kids u have catered to TOO much ! 
There is definitely a difference in having a \man\ " vs having a \ " partner \"...." 
no more shame about my car she is clean !! 
I can't hoola hoop !! wtheck ! 
Ham and bean soup in the crckpot ... enough to feed a family of 20 ... lol 
I think i am going to implement a new house rule ... No TV on Sundays or Video games .... 
I have done none of the reading I intended to this weekend 
The boy got himself suspended ... defending his mother but still ! ahhhh 
if I survive raising these children with some sanity there is going to be one heck of a party/vacation/celebration I will have tshirts saying \survivor of 4 children\ " something ! " 
< PROPFIRST > just came home with a girls number he wants to call her maybe next week he said she is 5 but looks like she is 4 
student loans ... no wonder the country is in debt .... i probably wont even get it all paid off before i DIE ! 
it pains me to my core to see my kids make choices that aren't good for them ... b 
they are like leeches ! 
I dont think the No Child Left Behind theory/law/whatever was developed with the intent to \dumb down\ " education or make things \ " easy enough\ " for all kids to pass ... making school easy is not helping " 
counselor , comedian , cab driver , cook , caretaker , and cosmotologist all in one day ! impressive ! 
storm Yes ! 
65 dollars to fill up this am !! dang it ! 
Rule 1of parenting fight the urge to spoil your children , or give them 70 percent of what they want fight the feeling of wanting to give them materially what u didn't have ! 
i feel ill ..... 
breaking points I am sure have their purpose but I don't like them ! 
this kid talks nonstop the whole way home about some random stuff ! 
THE SUSPENSE !!!! 
girls i say we crash this tommorrow ! Avid Lounge Presents : \FRIDAY NITE MINGLE \"" 
OMG ! Goodnite !! 
FRIDAY !!! 
my kids would make great panhandlers 
sometimes I wonder when I meet a person that is young and already experienced-death , abuse , neglect , abandonment , addictions , physical disabilities , no education , gang violence , no parents ever I mean where do u start ? how do you bring hope and healing when life has been so so traumatic ? 
oh friends of mine do not allow yourself to submit to your age number .... fight it fight it ! just for tonite ! lol !! 
< PROPMALE > G seriously ! time warp 
I don't like a cold bed .... :( 
I need someone to bring me or cook me breakfast ... any takers ? 
hey mom mr sun is out today as he turns the lamp on and points it directly at my face ! 
guess who's great ! my baby girl just hooked her momma up ! 
another beautiful warm < PROPFEMALE > southern day !!! 
cisco's chicken mmhmm I'm likin ' it ! 
I need 298 dollars for this grey coach purse ... anyone ? lol 
I am not even gonna lie or deny that I wish love was more like a fairytale 
tired ate some amazing chicken off the grill now it is about time to take the road trip home 
The kid has been \flarping\ " all morning " 
< PROPFIRST > clearly has a borderline personality disorder omg 
Seriously thinking about moving to a better area for my babies .... school system etc ... 
FRench toast , Bacon , Hashbrowns , and pineapple n ' strawberries ... mmm 
time change .... :( Fooey 
estimated 3000 bodies washed up to shores in Japan .... mmmm 
there are somethings in life I have an easier time accepting I can't have then others 
y can't my name be < PROPFEMALE > bretts ? who's < PROPFEMALE > bretts ? an illustrator . why don't you just be an illustrator ? no cause then I would just draw all of the time except sat and sun . --- this kid cracks me up 
mom do u know what plushy is -- no -- its when your chubby and old your skin hangs down 
I must say spiritual things are an unavoidable thought when I see the pictures of Japan and hear of the 3000 bodies washed up on shore , the quake was so strong it changed the structure of the earth ... never a better time to start thinking about what really matters ... love ya FB Family 
just to know that I crossed your mind today would be more than enough ... I'm just sayin 
almost time for a pedicure ... I cant wait !!!! 
making some eggrolls tonite ! 
how many men does it take to screw in a light bulb ? i dont know either but if i could just get one to hook it up ! 
3/11/11 the earth quake happened and on 3/14/11 Amid the silent corpses a baby cried out - and Japan met its tiniest miracle ..... wow the baby was 4 months old 
just keep swimming just keep swimming 
have a hard time dealin with folks that try to get by with doing the minimum ! grrrr to u ! 
I have got to find a way to deal with people in the \helping\ " profession that don't treat the ones being helped like they would want to be treated ... frustrates me to the core as being a part of the human race I don't care what you've got or r dealing with we r all as human as the next ! " 
burgers and brats ! 
cooked for a little too long :/ oops 
tots just lost tooth # 2 pulled again by big brother 
If my mom or dad would have ever said \hey < PROPFEMALE > there is some teen party at this new club tonite would you like to go ? I will give you a ride and the money to get in\ " I probably would have deficated on myself out of complete shock and joy " 
learning to accept that a lot of things I want aren't meant for me however I have a loving Father who is gracious and knows me well 
can u say pushin 80 degrees ! love it !! 
these r the kind of days I could sooo road trip with the windows down and the music loud 
My kids drive me to the brink of insanity , they make choices I am ashamed of , they can be self centered , and rude Leeches ! HOWEVER they are my babies and I cant stop lovin ' them and wont stop tryin to do what is best for them .... I love em ' 
Goodnight all ! 
I don't like these nights of tossin an turnin 
Good morning FB hope your day is great ! 
got a letter yesterday the house is going to auction soon ... :( kinda sad 
my grill a mgd r waiting for me ... I'm comin ! 
Skins is ridiculous ! 
Potential Zanies tonite anyone ? 
< PROPFIRST > \mom I liked it when you were a good mom .... when you use to put my clothes away \"" 
ohhhh my goodness nothin better than the smell of smokers and grills doin what they do ! mmmm ! 
some guy drunk on a bike just about got jacked by a 2003 honda odyessey and a permit driver !!! 
_________________________________ 
:) Make it Good ! 
kids are a trip ! < PROPFIRST > just leaned over in my face and whispered in a deep voice \i'll spank your panties\ " as spit dripped on my shoulder ... lol " 
uh wow its is march 20th and it is blazin outside ! LOVE IT ! sry MN I can't trade this !! 
blackened chicken is soakin for the ceasar salad , veggies and fruit washed and cut for the week , gonna make some slaw and pan of < PROPMALE > n cheese ( which I will have some 13 yr old young man know I havent made for awhile ! :P ) 
Having a moment ! I have through out different seasons of my life ALWAYS had the Best , Most AMAZING female friends/mentors , inspiration-givers/supporters I am really thankful ! if your reading this you are most def included ! ( this description most certainly includes my sis , daughters , niece , aunts , an cousins ! amazing women ! ) 
Kind of want to check out the Soul Lounge .... 
what are those lines right there on your leg < PROPFEMALE > ? I know that means your old I've seen those on grand<PROPFEMALE>'s legs .... ( w/ much attitude I respond ) aaa No there Not !! their hereditary ! as I mentally wish some hereditary on his little behind ! 
could use some prayer for wisdom and direction to deal/help with an eleven year old boy making some bad decisions 
Gonna shoot for 4 hrs of sleep ... 
I dont like this kind of numbness 
He can and will make away even if He needs to cross the paths of strangers to bring His will forth .... thankful tonight for his intricate and purposeful plans 
He has pulled me out of the dirt ... cleaned me and dressed me in fine linen and showed me a love and faithfulness I have never experienced ... He has givin me the ability to be more than a conqueror ... i have to press forward to the position He has given me 
Nothin like chattin on Facebook with your daughter while she is sitting right next to you on the couch ! LOVE IT ! 
what happen to the heat Nashville ! 
moderation needs to become a regular part of my vocabulary 
mmmmm 
Good Friday Ya'll! ;) 
... becoming a believer of possibilities 
its gonna be a snugglin kind of evening .... mmhhmm 
I hope they have baseball practice tonite the baby boy had his cleats on at 5am ready to go ! 
its gonna be a wild night of kid movies , mgd , and a little face bookin ' 
if my mom was ugly i would hate it ... 
Love lookin at old pics , however ..... I missing my sister and greatful for my blessed life --- i wish i would recognize how good life is in the current moment and not have to look back to appreciate things ... <3 u SIS ! 
yay ! favorite pants are fixed !! 
maybe if I can just keep my mouth shut I won't jinx this ! fingers crossed !! 
If anyone would like to escort me to the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Show on April 9th YES ! I would love to go !! 
bout to get some of those Jazzy Wings and watch a movie with friends and family ! 
due date was HA-larious !! 
Goodnight <3 
is just dreamy 
Good monday ! 
busta rhymes is a gosh dern fool ! him and his mouth ! lol 
the death toll in japan is 10000 and there are still 17500 people listed as missing ..... 
www.abc.net.au/news/events/japan-quake-2011/beforeafter.htm Interactive before and after 
a much needed walk and fresh air ! 
the boy just attempted to intellectualize his sister --- wrong move < PROPMALE > and then tried to say his source of info . for his essay was bootleg ?! wtheck !! 
i love that i can laugh at myself ... i mean pure joy nothin better ! 
do u think \non-opposites\ " can attract ? " 
Seriously ! who needs 4 boxes of elbow macaroni ! OMG !! 
< PROPFIRST > \do you know what poop is made of ? \ " < PROPFIRST > \ " let's not talk about that at the dinner table\ " < PROPFIRST > \ " It's name is dooker \"" 
Have never been into \zodiac signs\ " however the someone sparked the curiousity .... seriously how does it get so close to dead on ?!? i mean even down to the traits associated with the birth date ? weird ! " 
Good night all ! 
NO ! its not 6am ! 
God really does have some fine handy work ! 
fresh asparagus cooked in butter and garlic , mashed potatoes and gravy , and meatloaf ... yummy !! 
y does the boy take it this level almost every morning ! grrr 
really really have strong feelings about the access to alcohol and drug treatment in the state of TN --- 
gonna need some self care/pampering after today ! 
its nice to know I still got it ! 
since when do 2 year olds get excited about Friday ? 
the baby with a smile on her face . and her finger in mine says \mom I have a booger for you ! \ " smh " 
HAPPY FRIDAY !!!! 
Just when I thought it was going to be a low-key day 
women attempting to cover up your hateration with a compliment followed by a discrete but not so much pointed out imperfection is ridiculous --- ijs 
2 yr old is having a psychotic breakdown .... I need to get out ! 
I am feeling really content with the direction of my life and relationships -- for now ! lol 
sometimes when we are so use to being treated a . certain way when we encounter something different ... well it leaves me full of emotion and speechless all at once 
think we will be heading to Radnor park today burn off some energy ! 
walkin around a track -man comes up sams says hi-mommy he looks like a grandpa OMG ! 
< PROPFIRST > finally got to practice ! he is a big 6 year old ! 
well for never playin ball before I must say I am impressed already ! 
well I see I am gonna have to work on some tolerance -- mammas maybe shouldn't be able to speak during practice especially more than the coaches 
I swear I am going to find some kind of airfreshener for my sons rear or slip him enough laxative instead of farting he will shat on himselfhe won't think that's funny ! 
oh ! everybody is running to the back of the building ! 
billboard sign got jacked ! 
gonna have to boycott < PROPFIRST > mcknight , < PROPFIRST > b , kc jojo , 112 and whoever else wants to sing that lovin music ! ( just for a little while ;) 
6 yr old is learning how to spell and in a completely serious way he decided to make me a list of cuss words so i knew which ones to not say ..... very interesting 
hate those days when I get stuck in my head ! 
thankful ! 
in the words of Big Bird , today's episode was brought to you by the letters \W\ " \ " T\ " and the letter \ " F \"" 
I say \ ... feelin a little chunky today -- extra chunky\ " Bri replies \ " hmm what's wrong with that I mean whenever I get cookies I want them to be extra chunky \"" 
hate it when all 4 of my carmex's r at work ! 
look at the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Wednesday ya'll! closerto the weekend which means warm weather cute dresses grill mgd friends family !!! 
the one day I'm late and traffic is wretched ! 
maybe I am just to aggressive-persistant with obtaining what I want 
I am thankful for multiple good friends ... and right now for one who lives to far away ! 
For teachers to use the word \insubordinate\ " doesn't sit with me well ... I am thinkin they should be in corrections not the school system " 
something about the energy of the city combined with the warm weather breeze and just the right song it excites my soul ! 
tired real tired ! 
mom ms. binkley likes me ... she likes beer too ... ( how do u know that ) she drinks it everyday at lunch ! 
For those FB friends in the fashion world my daughter ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ) is gettin ready for another photo shoot would lovefor this one to be more artistic ... input ?! 
there are some earthly things that are just heavenly ... like the massaging that happens to my feet during a pedicure ... mmmm ! 
I WANT to be caller # 10 ! < PROPMALE > NEEDS my support ! 
Is it possible to have a mutual WoW-ness to occur between 2 people ... and i mean beyond the physical !!! 
holy shoot !! there is like an abundance of stray cats in my neighborhood and they can sure make some insane noises --- and I'm not talkin about meow's!!! 
up to early ! and can't sleep So let's get this friday started ! 
I really enjoy payday .. I'm just sayin 
something about authoratative ( sp ) personalities Wow I struggle with them ! 
u can just call me Madea ! 
going to do my very 1st presentation on addiction for a group of professionals .... excited ! 
I think if people don't want to \date\ " with the goal of commitment or long term they should say they are just interested in leisure recreational activities don't call it dating ... ijs " 
new motto : if you can't keep it real ... this really isn't gonna happen --- now that's real !!! ;D 
I guess there is a reason y am still awake ... omg my heart hurts 
y does it seem like the police are quick to deal with some bogus stuff but when they are truly needed they take forever ?! 
shout out to davidson county police dept .! with your slow behind good thing someone's LIFE didn't depend on U !!!! 
Baseball games ( Taylors first sport first game !! ) and grillin !! 
hadto get < PROPFIRST > a nut cup < PROPFIRST > says I want one --- my automatic response hun they don't make in your size --- lol crack myself up ! 
what kind of mother gets her son to his first game late ! and I'm at the field !!! 
lookin forward to gettin out this evening if anyone wants to join !! 
it's 89 degrees out LOVE IT ! 
so the boy is sitting on my lap ... taylor are u scratching yourself on my lap --- he shakes his head no -- yes you are ! --- well I'm clean ?! 
mom you know why your pretty ... cuz your chubby ... so only chubby girls are pretty ? no just some ..... 
I think if I start taking each experience enjoy it to the fullest w/o attatching expectations I may not need valium .... ;) 
wow ! 
the < PROPFEMALE > is amazing tonite 
Good Morning !!! 
love worship !!! 
Humbleness , Gratitude , < PROPFEMALE > , Trust , and Submission ---- I think if I can maintain these my life will , at minimum , remain as amazing as it currently is --- I am thankful for how He is working out All things 
Sundays Menu : Brats , Chicken on the grill , fresh guacamole , and sauted asaparagus 
old passions being stirred up ! 
the oldest has informed me that my parent lectures are a bit long and since she does listen to me could I just summarize ... 
Leeches .... I swear they are part leech ... at least a 1/4 leech 
Happy tuesday ! do something your passionate about today !! 
someone is gonna owe me a steak dinner ! .... leave me with carrots and celery !! lol 
OMG !!! this can't be happening !! 
if I get one more call about tcap testing !! if the kids would be taught in an effective way ya wouldn't have to spend months to prepare for the test in the first place cause they would know it !!!! 
what to do what to do ... 
not classy to enter a store on your cell phone goin off -- ijs 
so gonna need some southern pampering by friday !! 
y is my kid ALWAYSthe last one off of the field !!! 
ENFJ - The Chimpanzee\ 
Pros = Gracious and Understanding\ 
Cons = Most reserved out of all Extroverts 
my drive way is so slanted it is going to be perfect to lay on and < PROPFEMALE > gaze ! the neighbors are gonna wonder !!! but u know now that I am officially been greyed --- im gonna live each day to its fullest and not so much care what the neighbors have to say !!! 
It's my Friday !!!! YaY ! 
just got done with 2 groups in the jail .... I love it ! feel privelaged to fill the role that I have been given 
this is MINUTE summer weather ya'll beautiful !! 
< PROPMALE > dynamite said it the best .... \idiot \"" 
the oldest baby girls school is on fire !?! 
Whoooo Hooooo !!!!! 
sometimes a little smack talk is called for ... ijs 
as females we have to remember our worth .... and when Mr. Right comes he will see it too ... 
thanks for the lovely reminder about expectations ! 
We all have history's that is for sure ! However , I personally am far more open to someone's past when people keep things real ( good indicator of change ) ..... kir ! 
I need a friggin umbrella 
what goes up must come down 
well things did go as planned --- ;) that's okay though good practice in goin with the flow ! 
I truely want to be at that level where if what I want doesn't happen or I don't get it \I'm cool with it\ " b/c if I am suppose to have it I would -- kir " 
mom you know about girls don't ya ? what do they do when their in love ? 
feel like I wanna smack her with belt or sumethin ... tell to come here so I can tell her sumethin .... lol 
most def goingto be a lazy day on the couch and I am soooo cool with that ! 
goodnight facebook ---- goodnight !! 
I hope this homemade chicken noodle soup taste as good as it smells ! 
So pulled in to the home spot was getting < PROPFIRST > out of the vaan turned around and there was a fox ?! trottin down Cedarmont like it was his street !! 
felt good to put some pants on that haven't fit in so long they may just not be in style ! lol !! 
friggin ridiculous !! 
Don't be skerred 
wretched technology !! I despise the grasp u have on me ! 
getting family pics done on saturday VERY excited ! haven't had pictures done since < PROPFIRST > was a baby and I have 4 beautiful babies !! and the photographer is very talented ! 
the boy went to work with me today he got to see his momma in action at a mtg . he gave me a strange look when I was done .... he was proud of me ! wow ! that was an unexpected treasure ! 
baseball ! 
uh ... hey can I play on your team ? coach ?!? 
need to sell 5 dollar sonic cards has 5 buy one get one free's and 5 other coupons to get stuff cheaper ! 
wow - wind is gettin a bit crazy 
thank God for change -- hadn't even thought about what today represents for some 
radio stations talk TOO much !! 
so wanted to be able to get excited about you ... oh well :/ 
this chicks feet are huge ! at least 11-12 dang ! 
dang baby saw her presents !!! bri tried to tell her they were for somebody else she said \no they aren't there mine ! \"" 
another one bites the dust another bites the dust ... 
Oh ! its official --- i am a liar , told the boy i would crack this coconut today and didnt do it ---- I am however coing up with some creative ways i could crack it !! 
today 3 years ago was the day I gave birth to myvery last ! addition to my herd ! happy 3rd bday < PROPFIRST > !! 
Let me take you to my world for a second : \mom < PROPFIRST > ate the cupcakes out of the trash\ " < PROPFIRST > screaming \ " no I didn't!\ " < PROPFIRST > with tears streaming down her face runs to me screaming \ " no I didn't mom ! \ " so I wipe her chubby little face show her the frosting \"< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > you have frosting on your face ? \ " < PROPFIRST > turning rageful tears comin like a flood screams \ " I didn't mom ! \"" 
if u \look\ " old enough to be my dad or r for that matter- No Thanks !! really ! " 
I really really want a dodge challenger ( different than the charger ) I wonder if all the kids would fit ?! 
this is a battlei don't think I can fight anymore .... 
if I had a choice I would naturally always feel content 
ok ok new goal \rising above joy stealers ... people-situations -- I most certainly know-believe I have not been called to live a defeated-bound life ! \"" 
is working on having to listen to ideas/opinions of things I don't agree with --- for 3 MORE HOURS ! 
Bloody Torture !!!!! 
is it considered littering when u throw food out the window ? cuz u know if the birds don't eat it it will bio-degrade 
let me take the phone and computer for a while I bet her butt will respond faster than 911 when I call ---- grrrr 
if it weren't for this dress I would be on that bike !! 
egg hunt if we can ever get there , family pics ( way excited ) and chucky cheese for babies birthday party !!! 
< PROPMALE > Trickery !!! that's what she did !! blasted trickery ! however the kids are loving it ! 
what a day ! it was full --- almost done , waiting for this macaroni and cheese to get done baking for tommorrows dinner --- thanking God ahead of time for the friends He has given me and praying blessings upon those that were before them !! <3 love you all night !! 
happy easter ! 
Really want to thank and put a plug in for the two talented people that blessed me yesterday with affordability , quality , talent , with family photos and a personalized tiered < PROPFEMALE > cake ! thank you ! Adaceo < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Suggs !! 
if death couldn't hold Him down ... this life can't hold me down !! 
I got such a powerful msg this am satan was waiting outside those church doors ! 
ham , greens , slaw , potato salad , buns , cheese ball , casserole , < PROPMALE > n cheese , deviled eggs .... man yummy !! the girls hooked it up !! 
another birthday this week ! in other words if anyone needs a house cleaned yard work done before friday -- you need to hit me up !! Momma needs to get a side hussle to keep up !! 
I'm tired but love watchin the boy play ball ! 
if heonly new they are on him because they see his potential ! 
stupid pop machine !! 
love Tupac his lyrics always KIR 
think I may have found a potential and perfect 2nd job ! 
BABY Girl is singing tonite !! 
fried porkchops an mash taters w/ gravy and a side of sautted asparagus ... yum 
picture that with a kodak 
I am so moved by the talents . of my children --- and tonite its Bri ! you shine on the stage ! I am so proud of you ! 
u know a momma can pick out her babies cry in a room full of babies .... itsno different when she's singin with 25 other kids ! 
well today is special ... my sister was born ! she has been a supporter , dang good listener , mother , friend , a lot of ups and downs we have had ! I love you Sis ! 
Word of the day- Detatchment 
someone is sending me text msgs that are not only blank but no # !!! lol 
dang crackberry !!! grrr such a love hate relationship ! 
I ' dislike ' the idea/feeling of powerlessness when it pertains to people I love and/or care about 
Prayin that the boy gets some insight beyond the typical 12 year old -- he needs it and I need him to get it ! 
hookin up some stir fry tonite !!! 
most times I am sure of what I want ... so I think ... only then realize maybe I don't know --- dang it ! 
Sonic fundraiser cards for 5 bucks ( for the boys ) I will deliver ! 
its gonna be a good day ! be blessed and free FB family ! 
I LOVE going to the jail !! 
I smell dooker ! 
< PROPFIRST > new what he was talkin about in \the man in the mirror \"" 
perception --- can be life changing 
You have got to be kiddding me !!!! < PROPFIRST > McKnight June 2nd here !!! I love Nashville !!!! 
the boy is turning 12 tommorrow ! 
I wanna get on the back of a bike ! 
little girl little girl -- smh 
sky is so clear ! love the stars ! 
Happy Birthday Sean -- Mr. \preteen \"" 
God just showed me myself at 18 through a 22 year old young lady ... humbled , awed , sad , thankful , hopeful , affirmed .... Lord u r amazing and all credit is due to You 
i love my daughter 
key reason y I don't put Jesus stickers on my car --- bc every once in awhile I cross paths with a jerk like you that has a Jesus sticker 
when your best doesnt feel good enough or sufficient --- i am beginning to reluctantly understand this is how we r not only humbled but also given the opprotunity to live our faith 
well --- there is a boy in my house and he isnt related .... and he isnt here to see me < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > or sam .... hmmm 
Baseball !! 
if we only have one life , it is short , and we don't know its end -- y do we spend our time doing things we aren't passionate about , in relationships that bring nothing but pain , doing things that only destroy us physically , mentally , and spiritually ? 
so happy to see my sisters getting treated like they deserve ! 
I need a name tag button something to identify < PROPFEMALE>'s age when we r out ! wow 
run if you want to but when I get a hold of you ... which I will ya better be ready !! 
might be goin for a bike ride !!!! YESSS !! 
no bike ride tonite :( maybe tommorrow :P 
job 2 check ! 
momma need a house baby need some shoes --- hussle hussle hussle 
The amount of money the US spends on preventing drug trafficking in a year is equivalent to the money spent DAILY to prevent human trafficking in the US 
he said \relatively big\ " \ " its an extravaganza\ " this announcer sucks OMG his words !!! What ! he is just saying big words to fill in the time -- MSNBC " 
I am being told to hold it ----- hold it --- its an extravanganza ---- absolutely --- uh soon enough ---- hold it hold it --- 
I have been told it is something to do with something ----- hold it\ 
Thanks MNSBC 
show stealer 
Bin laden is dead -- ok so has anything been changed or made better ? ijw 
we get so upset with hatred of any type here in the US yet we breed it .... one man has not made this world evil seriously 
I dont have to decide anything at this point .... 
awake grrrrr 
It's closing time ! dont know where your goin ! but ya cant stay here ! 
exscuse me sir can I get 15 billion tacos .... ijw 
think I am coming to terms with the idea that we all have some kind of dysfunction ... :/ but what makes the difference is if we r willing to be honest with ourselves , self evaluate , and take steps to recover .... 
Note to self : if you EVER bring ham and bean soup to lunch ever again do NOT leave its remains in the trash !!! 
this untreaded waters .... not sure how I feel about that 
being \comfortable\ " is not what I need to get what I truly want or for progressive change -- being comfortable is b/c its what we r use too its familiar to us good or bad --- " 
Lord help me with my tongue help look past the defenses others use to cover up their own dysfunction --- please 
who knew ?! 
Name(s ): \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Buford-8/7/1995 @ 4:28 pm ; 6lb 15oz . 21.5 inches\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Caldwel- = 4/29/1999 @2 : 13pm ; 8lb 13.6 oz 20 inches\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Donaldson-12/9/2004 @9 : 49pm ; 8lb 2 oz 20 inches\ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Donaldson-4/21/2008 @11 : 12 am ; 9lb 6.3 oz 22 inches\ 
Repost if you're a proud mama celebrating mother's day ! 
So blessed and so missing my spiritual family back in MN 
