sittin here jammin to linkin park till i go to wrk at 3 . i hate wrkin in this shit . plz lay me off so i can wrk on some tats . 

dammit . leavin for wrk in a few minutes . oh well . plant aint runnin . thnk ill go in n do nothin all night 
Leavin for wrk . Gonna b bored , so feel free to hit me up on here 
Bored as hell at wrk . Msg me if u wnt . 
I didnt know she had that G.I. < PROPFIRST > kung fu grip ..... 
Angelas daughter goin to her first homecoming dance tonite . Shes excited 
sittin at home . glad to be away from wrk finally 
i just saw this #1 Steeler Haters Club ... what a bunch of losers that they cant even compile a < PROPFEMALE > to b proud of their own team , just hate on us .... nothin but a buncha jealous , hatin ass , bum teamlovin jagoffs(had 2 throw that in 4 u jerks ) , who continue to wallow in their teams grief CUZ THE BROWNS , RAVENS AND THE BENGALS BLOW !!! I guess u cant b proud of a turd . 
thnx 2 everybody who wished me a happy birthday yesterday 
how woul ;d u feel if ur girl left u at ur own birthday party ? 
go steelers 
just did my black friday shopping onlinetook 30 minutes , didnt get pushed , shoved , wait in lines , n still got good deals . u ppl out there actin like fools r suckers , lmao . 
just got a job offer today .... more $$ .... better hrs ...... things just keep gettin better 
got an offer on a new job today . better pay .... better hrs ..... great benifits .... gotta admit , ima miss doren ... 
i hate night games . takes too long to get here . 
y dnt neone ever get flagged for helmet to helmet against pittsburgh ?! thats 2 tonite ! they flag us even if it aint one ! 
put up the tree today . looks great . last day at doren , start new job monday . $$$$$$$$$$ 
well , goin to bed all . goodnite 
shitty that the steelers lost , but they r still in the playoffs ' officially ' due to strength of schedule ...... hell yeah ! super bowl run , here we come ! 
interception ! j-e-t-s ! jets ! jets ! jets ! ima steelers fan , just dnt wanna c the pats 
hell yeah ! one more at heinz field ! iiii got a feeeliiin ..... pittsburghs goin to the super bowl .... 
how many Jets will b on their way to dallas(super bowl)this week ? the profile pick will answer that for ya 
T minus 9 hours till the packers r under attack 
well , movin to a new house on the 1st , cnt wait 
whats up with everyone usin song lyrics for their status ? kinda gay 
u know what really grinds my gears ? pedophiles . they always think theyve done no wrong yet know what they do is wrong . i found out the other day a couple live around me . if someone ever hurt one of my girls , so help me god , they wont have to ever worry bout registerin as a sex offender . sry , just been hearin alot bout perverts recently . 
