COLTS 9 ~ 0 .... They are going to the Superbowl this year !!!!! All the way .... 

COLTS 10 ~ 0 
Colts are 11 ~ 0 
Time for me to go to work .... Friday can't get here fast enough for me . To make it worse it's pitch black outside . Getting ready to rain very heavy . 
I have to wait till next Tuesday 12/8/09 to find out if I have the night time job . I am very hopeful that I will get it . That & with my day job it will be 15 hours per day .. I really need the extra $$$$$$$$ !!!!! The only person I can rely on is myself . Rely on no one & trust no one , that is survival >>> 
Some one needs to wake up & practice what they preach .... & also to see that they really are materialistic & not a true friend ..... 
Going to the job interview in the morning . I feel sure I will get it . Then I will have 2 jobs . One in the day and one at night .. I will be tired , but I know I can do it . Gotta help myself . God helps those that help them selves ... 
Tired , so ready to go home 
Spent New Years < PROPFEMALE > & New Years with Pookie(he is on the left side ) I am in the middle & < PROPMALE > is on the right side of me .. 
Getting ready to go eat some Italian Spag . & Veal .... YUM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I finally got to talk to my little brother on face book . It was the first time we have ever spoken to each other , it was nice . He is all grown up since the last time I saw him , that was when he was a newborn baby . 
I am sick of Black people screaming RACISM . Thats BULLSHIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They are not the MINORITY . WHITE WOMEN ARE THE MINORITY , WE ARE THE ONES THAT ARE DISCRIMINATED AGAINST . SO FUCK OFF BLACK PEOPLE !!!!!! Have a problem then BRING IT !!!!!! 
Sick of lifes bullshit , I wake up to bullshit and go to sleep and it's still bullshit . What is so wrong with me ? I can't be loved back !!!! It really sucks and hurts to be me !!!!!! 
Sitting at home doing right by , The Man . I don't understand it , I am trying and I care alot about him and all he shows me on return is , Fuck you bitch ! That's how I feel . His Actions are showing me this ... 
I was right , he doesn't give a shit ! He couldn't even tell me he was going to jam . Lieing shit !!! I wish he would use his brain and know what he has . But he just doesn't give a shot !!!!! Figures ..... Mutha Fucka !!!!!!!!!!! 
Bullshit , that's all I can say .... NOTING HAPPENIng !!!!!!!!!! FIGURES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Things are ok 
Mistake # 1 Letting someone in your heart . Mistake # 2 Thinking that person gives a shit . 
Love your self !!!!! Fuck loving someone else , ( a man ) I am < PROPFEMALE > tired of the bullshit of being hurt and let down again ... Lonely , unloved and tired of it ... 
SHIT !!!!!!!!!! 
Things need to go back to the way they were when we were teenagers . Everybody knows what I am talking about . Old school style . 
is chilin @mallorie `s place ... then work tomorrow for a little while ... 
Getting ready to get stuck , then heading home . If you need to get in touch with me you know how to reach me , if not then you don't need to speak to me 
What doesn't piss me off or kill me will only make me stronger & meaner . So if you are going to try & screw me over make sure you at least put in the effort to try to kill me first .. If not your ass better run & hide forever . 
Oh I know that wasn't what the face book community wanted to hear . Ok FB , you will like this one . The world is such a wonderful place and all of the people are just great . The grass is always green , the sun is always shining and the birds are always singing . 
Just joking !! No Way , BullShit !!!! People that know me know better than that . I figured I would put that on here becuase thats what people want to hear . 
Everybody needs a vacation , some need permanent vacations . Lol . Seriously !!! 
I am stuck on the road with a flat tire . I called home , reality slapped me in the face again . Damn , what's wrong with me ? My eyes seem to want to stay closed , guess it's the truth I don't want to face . I am lucky that < PROPFIRST > came to help me , seems like he is the only male I can trust and know will have my back if I am right . Guess mom was right , not all are dogs , just the ones I seem to pick . Figures ! 
I guess I am in need of a vacation as well . Oh well , I'll just take an absence of the brain .. Lol 
In need of a part time job asap , if you know of one hit me up .. I would really appreciate it !!!! 
I need money , NOW DAMMIT !!!! I am not looking for it to be given to me , even though that would be really nice . That shit doesn't happen ! I need a job , 40 hours would be nice .... 
I can't wait till the 1 st gets here , then the truth will come out . I feel like I already know the truth , I just want to look the lier in the face while the truth is being told . This is one time I would love to be wrong , but my gut keeps telling me I am not wrong !! 
If you always lie to my face , I would hate to know what you do behind my back . I thought you would want your knife back , I just pulled it out of my heart . I knew you would need it back , so that when my back is turned you would stab me again .. Just remember , that blade slices both ways !!!!! What goes around comes around .. I am < PROPFEMALE > bitch !! 
No , I wasn't talking about you . Someone else 
Freakin knee is acting up again , price one pays for not marrying a guy with money . Oh well , I have to do it my self . When your a child you can't wait to grow up and leave the nest , when your grown you wish you could go back to being a child in the nest . Life is ironic ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone and their families . 
If you can't handle the back lash of retaliation , don't dish it out !! So back off bitch , I am tired of your shit !!!! I have enough legal shit to deal with and I am not getting any more .. You got what you wanted , I got into shit . What more do you want from me ? 
Enjoyed spending time with her daughter Mallorie . We need to get out more often and leave the MOFOS @home . 
Is just sitting here bored as fuck in court , 
Happy it's over , I hope !! 
My 2011 resolution is going to be good , I just have to back it up and stick to it . 2011 : I am going to be starting a new job on 1/3/2010 So my goal their is to excel , make my fee , spread my wings and fly away from all the pain of the last 5 years . It will be hard , but I know and feel that it is the right thing to do . 
Fly away mode 
Insides are throbbing and hurt . Can't wait till tommorrow so I can go to the gyn . I hope to feel better soon . So happy Friday is coming ! Idk why , bc when you live at my house everyday is like a freaking Monday . Seriously , no shit . Ask anybody that knows my house and they will tell you the same . 
Is hoping to find some pain relief from my knee and my insides . It hurts even when I don't move it . Something has got to give , can't keep this up 
So ready to get my drink on ! Mallorie , weekends coming . Get you're drink on !!! 
Two more days till Friday , need to numb the brain and body 
Feeling better now , not as boged down . Still tired as all hell . Need sleep ! 
WTF is wrong with my train of thoughts these last few weeks ? They have been pretty scary . Alot of self doubts . 
18 Are you still out there ? 
No Obama Nation !! The asshole people that voted him in are the ones to belame 
No offense to anyone , but damn what's wrong with people ? We do have the Freedom to say what we want , this is < PROPFEMALE > . I am not sorry when I say this , I don't like our president . Change my ass , change for the good of whom . Not for me MOFO . Not for anyone I know . Nothing good has come of it so far and it's not coming . WAKE UP < PROPFEMALE > !!! Our country is going to hell . 
Damn shame , early this morning another Obama conversation came up at my house . The madness will only end when , we the people say we have had it . No more !!! I know I have had it . Like I said before , No good has come from it . When people say , I love my president , my question is ; WTF has he done that would make you say that ??? His soul is EVIL . Think about it ... 
Is fed up and just doesn't give a fuck right now . Fuck the world mode 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > the best QB my ass , he Blows & Swallows !!! Peyton Manning is the top QB in the NFL !!!! 
Is so tired , I just want to go back to sleep . Gotta go drop of the kiddies . Mid week I will be sleeping ! 
At Pookie\s house drinking wine and eating shrimp bisq " 
Fuckin tired off the bullshit . He won't shut the fuck up , he is screaming . All he wants to do is fight with me . 
Getting ready to get the car towed 
At mallorie's playin UNO 
Colts are going to whip the Jags , # 18 will pull it off again . He makes shit happen for the Colts !!!! 
Colts won . WTG COLTS !!!!! Now just win the remaining two games and it's off to the play offs ..... Thinking Superbowl 2011 !!!! 
My team won saints fucker , Colts 34-24 . whipped the Jags ass . Did u see the picture of us at Pookies house ... 
It's the one u took , saints fucker !!! Jj 
High Ho , High Ho , it's off to work I go . Gotta go make that $$$ so I can be broke again . Broke as a joke ... LMFAO@ my self this wonderful Monday morning .. Mondays gotta love'em !!!! 
Broke like a 2 dollar whore ., lmfao 
@ AK47 Man , I will bring your hoodie with to what ever location you want to meet . I wasn't the one on fb last night , someone else was . 
@ 47 , call me about the hoody . When u texted back I was already home 
Call after ten a.m. That way I will be at work 
@ 47 .. Where do you want to meet up with me ???? Hoody time !!!!!!!! 
In Metairie or in Kenner ???? It's up to you , just give me some time to finish up with my shit ... 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , unless you have DNA evidence - it never happened 
@ 47 , did you finish your shopping last night ? I am heading out in a little while , I have to wait till the Daquri shop opens . That way I can be a < PROPFEMALE > shopper a mist the crazies out there today .. 2011 . , hurry the fuck up & get here already . 
Still shopping 
So ready for my whiskey and egg nog . 
I just got my whiskey and egg nog .. Yes , finally there 
@ 47 . I haven't completely finished yet , almost . I will call you . I am flying solo ... Later I have to go to Pookies house . But that's later later .. 
Oh so much shit to do , so little time in the night . Guess I will be finished wrapping and drinking when the sun comes up ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas FB peeps !!! It should be < PROPFEMALE > ,, lol . This might be the last one ... Now on to the New Year ,,, Hurry up & get here already .. 2011 is going to Rock ... 
At < PROPFIRST > D\s getting morning grub " 
Brrrrrrrrr , it's soooo damn cold outside . It's freezing here and will be freezing for a couple more days 
Monday .... Back to work we all go , fun fun for everyone involved !!!! 
Eating sushi with my son < PROPMALE > 
I am just so pissed right now , my damn kids can't get along with people ( other family members ) for just a few days .. This sucks , I thought I would have more time to spend with my son . 
Shit , new update .... They are leaving now , thanks to my youngest daughter ( 18 ) and my second to oldest daughter ( 20 ) 
It was my youngest daughter , not the second to oldest . Sry < PROPFEMALE > , it wasn't you . My bad !!! To my youngest < PROPFEMALE > , you are an Evil bitch .. Just remember what goes around comes around ... You burn bridges every where you go .. So everybody can't be wrong and you be right ... 
\ The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want and if they can't find them ~ make them . \ " . ~~~ < PROPMALE > Shaw ~~~" 
Wishing my knee would stop hurting . It seems to be getting worse as time passes . I am going to hold out as long as I can before I let them operate on it . Screw that right now ! It's not like I have some one to < PROPFEMALE > on while I would be down 12 weeks , I would still have to work to pay my bills .. So until that day comes I just have to , suck it up and keep pulling forward ... 
As of today 1/6/2011 I now have no permanent home . I feel so lonely & lost , I want the pain of loss to go away .. I hate this , I already miss him .. It's hard to look towards the future when it looks so shitty 
I am so missing my home life , I wish it wasn't like this . I do miss < PROPMALE > and my old life . I want my old life back ... This shit hurts too much . I wish I could go and < PROPFEMALE > do the damage that was done in the relationship . I am sorry for what I have done ... 
Just hate life , wish things were not this way . Just an empty lifeless shell of a person .. I feel that I am just going through the motions of life .. I feel like I am dead inside and out .. 
Is so wishing he would get past the anger and talk to me . It's so much easier for the man , why is it that way ??? 
I so wish I didn't have to feel this pain any more , I am unforgivable in his eyes , I guess . I want to be able to just sit down and talk to him privately about everything that has happened in our lives . That seems almost impossible bc every time I am around someone has to fuckin come over . I wish he would tell who ever it is coming over at that time to come back a little while later . I just don't get it !!! 
What is the meaning of life ??? Any takers on this question , I find life ironic !!! 
Good morning to everyone on this extremely cold Thursday . I wish it would get warm again .. Brrrrr 
To all the loyal COLTS fans ; we still have next session to head straight to the Super Bowl ... If your a true fan you stick behind your team , win are lose ... There are some band wagon fans out there , they need to go away ... Wish it was the new football session already , hurry hurry up & get here .... 
Bring on the rain , looking for the snow in the dirty south . Why not ... Maybe hell will freeze over .. LMAO @ work right now .. If anyone here on FB is in the Metairie , Harahan are New Orleans area and you know of a place with decent pay please let me know .. It doesn't matter if its day are night hours ... 
Getting my clothes washed and ready .. Gotta be ready for court tommorrow . Its going to be alright , I know it will work it's self out !!!! :-) !!!! 
TGIF :•} 
This is the only man in my life , my little apple head chewy , < PROPMALE > !!!!! He loves me unconditional , that's they way love is ... But of course some person had NO concept of what love is , bc that person is selfish !!!!!! I am not a bad person ... If you would have been real with me you would have seen that I am a great woman , you lost out !!!!!! 
Shame on u , I still care but damn . I heard all the smack you were talking about me when we were together .. WTF ??? 
Thank you , come again ...... 
LLL = LiveLifeLaughing , bc if you don't you might find your self crying !!!! < PROPMALE > for the lesson you taught me . Now my Eyes are Wide Open & I see EVERYTHING !!!! My focus is to make $$$$$ . No more time for any bs . I have to get ready to get my WC setup !!! 
~~~ L2L ~~~ . 
Did Hell freeze over ? The answer is No , it's just monday coming up on me ... Lol :•} 
The devil figured I would usher in more souls , for the guff is almost empty ... When the guff is completely empty , the end is near .. We are almost there ... The Devil is coming , so have your bags packed 
This is where I am from , New Orleans Louisiana .... Dirty South 
Don't you ever come @ me like that again .. There won't be a next time !!!!!! Remember this ; I fight back & it will hurt ... 
Some people must Love saying my name , bc they can't keep it out of their mouths ... I find it amusing when I sit back & laugh @ the ignorant people 
This profile picture says it all to the people I described in my post right before this one 
I don't want to get up so early .. Tired 
MAD WORLD , I can relate to the fact that mutha fucka's just say fuck it & go off on bitches . I understand why people do what they do . The question they will ask is : why did you go off on a mutha fucka ? Bc all the mutha fucka's deserve what comes their way !!!! I hope I am around when < PROPFEMALE > comes their way ,., 
Why does life have to be hard for so many people ? I can't find the light at the end of the tunnel , I don't see it , all I see is the darkness .. If someone knows where the light is please kindly tell me , bc I can't keep on this way .. I have to make some positive moves 
Today I had a piece of white trash refer to me as a whore , the bitch doesn't even know me & has never seen me . She looks like the person from the goonies . Scary bitch I will hand u your ass !!! Stop worrying about me & take care of your damn kids .. Nobody wants your ugly broke ass man .. So step off ,, u don't want none of this ...., 
is so tired of these evil ass people in the world . If your evil STAY Away from ME , I don't need anymore evil shit . If you bring it to me I will show you PURE EVIL !!!! I don't want to be like that , so don't force me to resort to that way . 
Optimism is the ability to perceive evil only where it exists . 
It's Freakin cold outside 
I have to go by my ex bf's house to get my mail , I so don't want to deal with him and his crazy ass shit today . seeing him wrecks my day , bc he pisses me off so bad . Gee I guess my anger issues are starting to show again , damn I better start surpressing them back down till I explode on someones ass ... Hmmm , oh so little time , sooo many choices to pick from .... 
Go Packers ,, whip the Steelers ... I prefer the Steelers , but for very deep rooted personal reasons I want the Cheese Heads to win .. Go < PROPFIRST > Rodgers !!!!! 
Ah Ha , steelers lost bc u are a Bandwagon fan .. Ya Packers , Superbowl Champs !!! I never betray my team , win or lose ... I stand 100% behind the COLTS ... GO BLUE !!! Bleed blue !!! 
I only pulled for another team bc of a bandwagon fan I know . Colts all the way , 2012 superbowl will be ours in Indy ... First team to host a superbowl in their own house . They are going to play with alot of heart , skill and brutal force .. I can't wait for the mths to end and football to start with the new season ... 
I almost forgot to mention the most important part of all ; NEVER let ANY 1 in your BRAIN !!! once u do that u are asking for pain , suffering and heart ache .. 
It's times like this I wish i was on the back of a milk carton 
Happiness is waking up to a cup of coffee and seeing your ex ~ boyfriend on the back of the milk carton ... LMFAO @that sorry ass mother fucker 
ILoVeMe SoMeScARy AsSbITcH .... Watch the Grudge & read my last few recent post then u will know where I am coming from ... No , no , no more Drama , I don't have the < PROPFEMALE > for it & I don't want to deal with it .. EVERYBODY'S DEEP HiDDEN SECERTS , they are going to come out & when they do , you'll see 
This is for you & you know who you are , Stay the fuck away from my peeps . I told you this last night so you better fuckin listen to what I am saying , I am not playing with your mother fuckin ass . I will fuck you up spiritually , emotionally and financially . I will find out if you pull your shit , so take my warning seriously .. I am in no mood for this drama , so it stops 
Would love to shove a tube up his ass and turn a gerbil loose to nibble in his ass .. Ha ha ha 
< PROPMALE > says he is happier now , more than he has ever been . He loves his new home & is waiting for the day that Peaches and Kody join him . 
