Yarr . Happy 2017 everyone !!!!!! We be politely requesting all your red threes thank < PROPFEMALE > . And don't ye be minding the drunk leprechaun dancing on the deck . We just keep him here to prevent scurvey . 

The most merciful thing in the world , I think , is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents . H.P. Lovecraft \The Call of Cthulhu \"" 
One ring to rule them all , One ring to find them , One ring to bring them all , And in the darkness bind them !!!!!!!! 
is watching < PROPMALE > texas ranger and realizing just how awsome < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is 
Here you wear pants , in soviet russia PANTS WEAR YOU !!!!!!!!!! 
Someone sent me grapes on send a round . WHY WOULD YOU ONLY SEND GRAPES IN A FAKE DRINKING GAME ??????????????? ( UNLEASHED FURY ) 
We live on a placid island of ignorance in the black seas of infinity , and it was not meant that we should voyage far . H . P . Lovecraft 
Zombieland was awsome !!!!! Even though I can't see how any of them survived as long as they did , with them either being whiny , sucking at driving a cadillac , not being able to shoot , or throwing away every weapon he uses only once !! 
Im back from council and will have a \normal\ " couple of weeks until carnage " 
The sciences , each straining in its own direction , have hitherto harmed us little ; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality , and of our frightful position therein , that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into the peace and safety of a new dark age - H.P. Lovecraft 
@ < PROPFIRST > I POKE YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
RED SAUCE ON PAASSSSSSTTTTTTAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!! 1 ! 1 ! 111 !!!!!!!!!! 
I now remember how awsome < PROPMALE > Python is . I have been watching the documentary for it and it just shows how much of a genius any and all of them are 
is angry about syfy channels use of Lovecrafts name in a stupid C monster movie 
I <3 pi 
Lol at me as V scaring little kids 
Australian Pink < PROPMALE > was AMAZING !!! They played the best of on several different albums and even played my favorite song by the < PROPMALE > 
Does anyone else think the Black Pharoh is the DB of the mythos ? 
felt dead because of this flu from carnage . 
And I'll conclude by putting a finger up my nose . 
Do you think < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > was going to become a teacher ? Well tough titties !!!! ( Saw the mn who stare at goats ) 
AAC tomorrow . 
is a fan of a god in a < PROPFEMALE > suit 
is wondering if he is changing like spring or he is dead like the middle of winter 
Masquerading as a man with a reason , my charade is the event of the season , and if I claim to be a wise man , it surely means that I don't know . 
The sciences , each straining in its own direction , have hitherto harmed us little ; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality , and of our frightful position therein , that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into the peace and safety of a new dark age . H.P. Lovecraft\The Call of Cthulhu \"" 
I don't think you understand , I'm not locked in here with you , you're locked in here with me . 
Don't you dare tell me that Blaziken isn't teh s *** 
finds alien tentacle usb plugs are loltastic 
These are my shoes !!!!! 
Happy christmas to all . Ya , not < PROPFEMALE > , I dont want anyone to be too excited on this day . Oh and btw I am typing this from my new laptop soooooooo .............. yeah 
Does anyone else think that Sigourney Weaver is hot ? not in a take out to dinner way but an admire by getting all the movies she has been in just to watch her ? 
The road leads ever on and on , down from the door where it began ............ 
OMG . Someone has told me the whole story of pokemon . It's all a dream . In episode 2 Ash gets struck by lightning and goes into a coma . Think about it . All the Nurses and Police are the same because Ash has only seen 1 nurse and 1 policewoman and has no imagination . All of the new pokemon are based off old ones for the same reason . My head exploded when I realized this . 
It is 1:11:11 on 1/1/11 
Saw Tron . It was good , That is all . 
I hate time travel . 
Thers no time for us . Theres no place for us . What is this thing thats builds our dreams and slips away from us ? 
thinks that today is just tomorrows yesterday . 
Just bought 12 RPG books for $5 and is not sure if they will even be worth the paper its printed on . So here is the story . We see 3 sealed packs of books that are all the same . We jokingly say to < PROPFIRST > at the castle how much , like $5 so he says ya just get them out of my store . They have been there for 7 years and no one has boought them so we did . And are going to pass them out at all our weekend games next week . 
Wow , pulled a muscle in my back saturday morning and it has slowly and steadly got worse and now can't even lay down for too long . sux :( 
< PROPFEMALE > songs stuck in my head from a game I never finished . 
He who conquers the left side conquers the world , chief . 
Nothing boosts your ego like being genuinely called awsome . Twice . In one night . Yeah . 
Curse you Midna !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! * shakes fist b/c he just remembered the end of < PROPFEMALE > , Twilight < PROPFEMALE > again . 
is preparing for Total Confusion this weekend . 
In only a few short hours I get to be full of fail . ( Its tournament time ) 
I did suprisinglt well at the tournament yesterday , I went 3-4 so I was happy . 
Click \like\ " if I have ever made you smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile . :D " 
I don't care what anyone says , I love the rain . 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > . So what ? Ya wanna fight about it ? 
Thankfully my computer isn't dead . IDK what happened but it would not allow me to go online and a different virus protection software kept saying there was a virus when mine was not detectingt anything but I finally fixed it . We are fully operational once again . 
Saw Clash of the Titans and How to Train Your Dragon on tuesday . They were both pretty awsome . Greatest part of the night was at the end of Clash during the credits they showed the \No animals were harmed in the making of this movie . \ " I yelled \ " BUT WHAT ABOUT THE KRACKEN ? IT DIED !!!! \"" 
Coming soon , S.P.A.M ! Society for Protection of All Monsters ! 
is now freaked out by snowy owls . Just saw 4th kind and could they have gotten any creepier animal ? 
I have no phone at the moment . It is lost itself somewhere so don't call me . Will let everyone know when I get it back . 
I need at least 10 people to choose a number from 1-20 , it can be 1 and it can be 20 . I just need a little inspiration . And random < PROPFIRST > . 
The Road goes ever on and on/ Down from the door where it began . / Now far ahead the Road has gone , / And I must follow , if I can . / Pursuing it with eager feet , / Until it joins some larger way/ Where many paths and errands meet , /And whither then ? I cannot say . 
thinks that Chiller's idea for earth day is awsome . They are going with the recycling theme and using zombies . They are recycling bodies . 
Yeaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!! Phone is back . I felt pretty calm and alone without it so it is a double edged sword . 
URGENT !!! PLEASE CIRCULATE to your friends , family and contacts . DO NOT open any message with an attachment called : Black in the White House , regardless of who sent it to you . It is a virus that opens an Olympics torch that burns the whole hard disk ( C drive ) of your computer . This virus comes from a known person who you have in your list You should send this message to all of your contacts 
I'm a seal CA-CAWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\OM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM\ " -the Sarlacc " 
“I do , yes , I do . Sick have I become . Old and weak . When nine hundred years old you reach , look as good you will not . Hmm ? ” -Little green muppet ( No not < PROPMALE > , Yoda ) 
I don't like haiku\ 
They are too complex for me\ 
At my least I try 
Finest cheese shop around . \ 
Hows that ? \ 
Well it's the cleanest . \ 
It certainally isn't contaminated by cheese . 
Please put this on your status if you know \ 
or are related to someone killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > when it was obliterated by \ 
Rebel scum . My wish is that people will understand that the Rebels are\ 
a band of murdering scum . The Empire wants only to bring order\ 
to the galaxy , but the Rebels continues to kill innocent \ 
civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for \ 
at least one hour ? 
is in a room filled with stairs . Stairs that go up . Stairs that go down . Stairs that go left . Stairs that go right . Some stairs lead to places . Some lead me nowhere . Stairs that lead me backward . Stairs that force me forward . 
hates the heat as much as the heat hates him . And every single AC in the house has to be puy in by me . 
Ahhhh this delicious smoke from Canada . Thank you . 
I <3 Gogle now . They let me set a background image on the search < PROPFEMALE > . 
\like\ " \ 
loves the rain . 
JUst got back from the concert with my dad . It was awsome !!!!!!! Saw Jethro Tull and have confirmed them as my 2nd favorite band of all time ( sorry but < PROPMALE > will never be replaced ) . Early father's day present for him and he loved it . 
1+1+1 on a bun . 
You know what sucks ? Gravity . Always keeping a man down . 
We are now approaching phase 2 . Jeeves , bring me my overlord chair . 
I thought that they were angels , but to my suprise , they climbed aboard their starships and headed for the skies !!!! 
Today was a good day . Well , at least I'm 1/365 for this last year . 
Anyone else wanna meet up at the Cinemagic IMAX in Hooksett to see The Last Airbender with me at 7:10 ? 
does not like heat AT ALL !!!!! 
Back home from CTcon . Was so exhausted last night because of all the walking around . Even found a new convention for < PROPMALE > to go to . 
Finally got internet back at my house . Unfortunately , all my players for game decided to cancel on me tonight , after all the stuff I did for game tonight . :( But OGC this weekend is looking better and better . 
loves the rain 
Sprinkledrums all over . That is all . 
Received Starcraft 2 a couple of minutes ago . If nobody hears from me , it is because I am lost in the game . 
hurts . Got yelled at awake a whole HOUR before I had to get up , after going to bed at 1 , couldn't get back to sleep at 6:30 . I am just sore and tired all over . 
is much better today . 
Phone is dead . Not like ' oh I didn't plug it in for a few days and I need to charge it ' like ' I don't love you anymore , and I am seeing someone else , and I don't pick up signal anymore ' . I think the internal antenna is broke and I need a new phone . 
Going to the Hooksett IMAX theater today at 3 to see < PROPFIRST > pilgrim . Anyone wanna join ? 
OBJECTION !!!!!!!!!!! 
Status update . That is all . No but seriously , I got a new phone , same number so feel free to call . 
Yo , we heard you like cheese so we put cheese in your cheese so you can eat cheese while you eat cheese . Dennys has a grilled cheese sandwitch that has mozzarella sticks inside it . 
Just found out , AAC is the same day as a card tourney I want to go to . Crap . 
Arrggghhhh need sleep but eyes won't close . 
Turn into a jet ( like a boss ) . Bomb the Russians ( like a boss ) . Crash into the sun ( like a boss ) . Now I'm dead . 
Hello , my name is Inigo Montoya . You killed my father . Prepare to die . 
Don't believe in you . Believe in the me , who believes in you !!!! \ 
-Gurren Lagann , a show about Manlyness 
Yup , Syfy is officially down the tubes . First I see that they are bringing another wrestling show to fridays schedule . Then the next Syfy exclusive movie is called Sharktopus . Sharktopus . Let me repeat that for those of you who don't get it . Sharktopus . As in a hybrid shark/octopus . Yeah ..... 
Every day brings us one step closer , one step toward the end , one step away from everything we know and love . And there is no turning back . 
The storm's a brewin , the wind's a blowin , and the rain's a flowin . 
Really ? Someone burned the emblem on Memorial's field . I hate Memorial just as much as everyone else that went there , but still . People are stupid . 
Less then 24 hours till I leave for the con . I'm ecstatic . 
I just saw a commercial for The Parent Trap on ABC Family . Perfect timing for a < PROPFIRST > Lohan movie guys . Perfect timing . 
Back from Council of Five Nations . It was meh , because the guy who was running Battletech had to cancel last minute . All in all it was still a good con . 
Just back from AAC . Was a blast . All can manage . Is short sentences . Sleepy time . 
is claiming the title Undefeated of the North by Northeast !!!!! 
Tonight went well . Things happened . Stuff got done . And I finished my plan for game on friday . All is well . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2011 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% of people won't copy & paste this . The remaining 7% are preparing weapons and groups to defend against the dragon apocalypse 
Almost time to scare kids off my friends street . 
1 Fish\ 
2 Fish \ 
Red Fish\ 
Blue Fish\ 
( p.s. there was only a single goldfish in the bowl ) 
Packin for the con this weekend . Can't wait . 
Watchin Kill < PROPMALE > Vol . 1 and there is soooo much Kool-Aid . Everyone is just pouring out tons of it . 
Carnage was awsomw yet again . And yet again , I got sick . Still worth it because I went 3-3 at L5R and actually won the EDH Two-headed Dragon tournament . 
Killin time . With a knife . 
The Demon Code prevents me\ 
from declining a rock off contest . 
Gettin the three musketeers back together tonight to harrass a theater . < PROPMALE > Campbell , < PROPMALE > Bertot , and me . I feel sorry for anyone else who wanted to watch whatever movie we stumble into . 
Ever wonder about the time-space continuum ? Ever wonder what would happen if you went back in time ? If you went back a week and lived it all over again , would you be a week older then if you didn't go ? Or what would happen if you met yourself ? Or would you just displace you past self and continue on ? 
So , I finnaly watched the 2 episodes of South Park about the BP oil spill and how it unleashes Cthulhu , and I have to say they did a pretty good job on the research into Lovecraft . They had the Necronomicon , the famous couplet , and even the Arkham Horror board game on the shelves in the cult meeting . Im impressed . Bravo South Park . Bravo . 
You can't judge global warming on a day to day basis . The theory ( because that's what it is , just a theory though I support it ) is that the average tempature of the world will go up over time . Over much much time . Ugh . One thing that makes me angry is people misunderstanding things , and then complaining about them !!!! 
2 days in a row , getting up before 8 , after going to bed at 3 . Ugh .... 
Really ? REALLY ? At least today I got to sleep till 8:30 . Still tired . 
Attention evereyone , I like chocolate milk . That is all . 
Ugh . I have no problem with the snow . Zero . None . The problem I have is getting up at 8am to go out to snowblow it . ( In case you didn't know , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is not a morning person ) . 
You know whats awsome at 1 in the morning ? Milk . But not just any milk , oh no . Chocolate milk . A whole quart of it . 
For all L5R players , Feeding Hills Kotei is March 5th . That means I can actually attend . : ) 
You know what's cool ? Walking home at 3:30 in the morning . You know what's even worse ? Getting on FB to tell everyone . 
Castle is closed . Makes another game cancelled by this storm . Ugh . 
Ughrghrghrgh . That is all . 
I took the AD&D Stats Quiz and got these stats :\ 
STR : 11\ 
INT : 15\ 
WIS : 11\ 
DEX : 10\ 
CON : 9\ 
CHR : 7\ 
Take the quiz yourself at http://www.KevinHaw.com/add_quiz.php 
Soooo ...... Bane and Catwoman are in the next Batman movie . < PROPFEMALE > Hathaway is Catwoman . So much dissapoint . 
Finally home . Been driving around since I woke up at 9 , only stopped for a 1/2 hr break at my house once . 
So , I am watching an anime called High School of the Dead , which is about zombies , and I reallize my zombie plan is not complete . I need additional backup zombie plans and plans for other places I would usually be . I hate zombies . 
Ugh , helping someone who I don't even know moe when I'm not feeling well sucks . 
For all of you who thought I conceded with the war , I most certinally have not . The attempted poisoning in the disguise of a cold was nice , but I have managed to weather through it . 
I have found myself in posession of a PS2 for a few months . I am taking game suggestions from anyone on games that I absoltely must play oon it , because I never owned one before . 
So , I just got an email from Blizzard thanking me for being an early supporter for Starcraft 2 ( Probably because I had it installed 1.5 hours after it was out ) . In this email they sent me a free 30-day trail for WoW . I am tempted to reply and let them know how much I dislike Wow , and where they can put the free pass , much like the 2 they gave me inside the SC2 box . 
Apparently it is not sexy sexy time with Poxo . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is the Fabio of Highlanders apparently , according to Poxo . 
Hopefully everyone gets this , but I have to cancel game tonight . Lots of con work I need to get done . And my phone is dead , so if you guys can at least reply to this I will know that you got the message . 
Yeah for running Magic tournaments at Conventions . 
GAME IS ON FOR TONIGHT !!!!!! Phone is dead . 
Ugh , gettin my butt handed to me on . hack//infection . Man , this game is hard . But I'm up for the challenge . 
Off to a much needed sleep , only to wake up at 6 to drive for 2.5 hours with a semi-broken drivers side mirror to a tournament that I will probably do absolutely horrible at that one friend already bailed out on . This is gonna be awsome . 
So I was watching Gurren Lagann yesterday , and Netflix had episode 9 in episode 8's spot and episode 9's spot . Even Netflix dosen't want Kamina to die . If we don't show it it didn't happen right ? So we have decided that he just went to get grocieries . For 1 1/2 seasons . 
You are all just mad that I have a Grunty Flute and you don't . 
The writers of Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya Season 2 are master troll artists . They showed THE SAME EXACT THING FOR 8 EPISODES . With onlt enough bits and pieces to show that they paid the voice actors and animators twice . 
For those of you who were wondering about Digimon tonight here are the references . 1st cast had 54 episodes . Second cast had 50 . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Corned beef plus cabbage plus < PROPFEMALE > soda bread + VERY happy < PROPMALE > . 
Game is still on for tonight . Call or text if anyone's plans change or you need a ride . 
How did we meet ? copy this on your status and see who remembers . 
Saw Suckerpunch . It . Was . AMAZING !!!!!!!!!! I believe it is one of my top 5 favorite movies of all time now . I can't even describe it properly . 
No game Monday . We are down probably 2 players and my sister's b-day party is then , and I don't know how long it's gonna be . So , no game unfortunately . 
i LOVE THE WEATHER 
