2010 is almost here , grab champagne or grab a beer and wish everyone a happy NEW YEAR ! 

\so this is the new year and I don't feel any different . \ " -Death Cab For Cutie ( I wished you were here earlier and I wish you were here now . And I still think Fergie looks great with dark hair . HAPPY NEW YEAR ! and don't get too QUEER ! Be safe ! " 
is probably auditioning for RENT on Tuesday ... it's been too long . 
< PROPFIRST > 15:18 -19 
needs to get over this . Now . 
thinks \it's much better to be alone and feel like a success than be in a relationship and feel like a failure all the time . \"" 
\from time to time ... I like to go to the zoo . \"" 
doesn't need you to rescue her . 
can't stand the state that she's in . Sometimes it feels like the wall's closin ' in . 
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live , it is asking others to live as one wishes to live . 
fisticuffs ... 
bed time ... work for 9 hours tomorrow ... BLAH . 
... every genius has a breakdown . 
... every genius has a breakthrough ... 
\just stop pressurin ' me . \"" 
\It’s like forgetting the words to your favorite song You can’t believe it You were always singing along It was so easy and the words so sweet You can’t remember You try to feel the beat \"" 
only asks for honesty and He never fails me ; He is all I need . 
misses < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s and Hungry Howie's ... you can have the rest of Athens ... these things though , she wants . 
will miss the version of you who loved her . Somehow you're guilty and you're not even sorry . 
used to < PROPFEMALE > around chunks of asphalt as a child ... that explains a lot . 
knows what it means to be a mistake ... she was born that way . 
thinks you should just go on and not defend her ... clearly your heart is somewhere else . 
can name all the seven dwarves ... can you ? 
tried to sleep last night ... couldn't ... so she wrote ... and she's writing ... writing again . Things might be changing . She hopes they are . For once , she hopes for change . 
is trying to focus on what is important not what is impossible . 
shouldn't worry about certain things , but can't believe certain things either . 
realizes < PROPFEMALE > has limits ... take it too far , and it's cowardice . 
knows the weight of the fact that one of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter . 
knows the best kind of friend is the one you could sit on a porch swing with , never saying a word , and walk away feeling like that was the best conversation you've ever had . 
stared into the light to kill some of her pain . It was all in vain cause no senses remain but an ache in her body and regret on her mind . But she'll be fine cause she lives and she learns . 
is sorry , even if it is not enough . 
has a personality altering brain tumor as a result of her stage four melanoma spreading to all her vital organs ... or maybe there's just a railroad stake of a headache going on in there . 
HATES hiccups !!! 
guesses we all want to be loved . It's hard to say no to that , no matter who it's coming from . 
is not , like some students , looking forward to classes this fall . She just wants to be done with this college thing already . 
thinks turkey and cheese sandwiches are her new favorite :) 
wishes she could turn off her thinking cap for a day and escape ... she's thinking about past dreams ... mostly you . 
jerk at work . Lameee . 
Ecclesiastes 3:1 -8 A Time for Everything . 
greenbo alaBAMA !!! 
was told she looks like < PROPMALE > Panettiere tonight at work ... she'll add it to the list ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Gellar , < PROPFEMALE > Hunt , < PROPFEMALE > Heigl , < PROPFEMALE > McAdams ) all of whom are way prettier than her , in reality . 
will always be that girl . 
misses high school ... theater ... swimming ... and holding hands with you and so it goes ... 
thinks it was a beautiful day everywhere EXCEPT at the shoe dept ... what a horrible day at work . Oh well . At least a lot was accomplished ! 
is in VT with limited cell service ... fbook me to get a hold of me ! 
enjoys vacationing . 
could totally go for some easymac and a game of cards right about now ... she's just feelin it . 
thinks the idea of waiting for something makes it more exciting . 
thinks philosophy is a theory of how something works 
how bout ' a round of applause ? Standing ovation ? You look so dumb right now .. standin ' outside my house , tryin ' to apologize , you're so ugly when you cry . Please just cut it out . Don't tell me you're sorry cause you're not . Baby when I know you're only sorry you got caught . But you put on quite a show , really had me goin ' . Now it's time to go . Curtain's finally closin ' 
the tough thing about adulthood is that starts before you even know it starts when you're already dozens of decisions into it . 
basically loves her schedule this quarter , school , work ... it's all good . 
is the only person not watching the VMA's and writing all about what's going on within the VMA's . Win . 
thinks the natural effort of every individual to better his own condition , when suffered to exert itself with freedom and security , is so powerful a principle that it is alone , and without any assistance , not only capable of carrying the society to wealth and prosperity , but of surmounting a hundred impertinent obstructions with which the folly of human laws too often encumber its operations . 
wants to know why she had to go and be a fool again . Why'd she have to make a big thing out of nothing ... where are all the fireworks I thought I'd see ? I still haven't found the magic I was lookin ' for that made me leave . 
is telling her sophomore slump to go to hell ... this sophomore year will NOT mimic high school's equivalent . 
is selfish , impatient , and a little insecure . She makes mistakes , she is out of control , and at times hard to handle , but if you can't handle her at her worst , then you sure don't deserve her at her best . 
wants her life back . She wants it back before everything got screwed up . She wants to be a baby again . She wants to be new . SHE WANTS TO BE NEW ! -Adaptation 
will not compete , she already deserves first place . 
is Tucan < PROPFIRST > . 
thinks if ya liked it then ya shoulda put a ring on it ... you had your turn and now you gonna learn what it really feels like to miss me . 
thinks you shouldn't be reckless with other people's hearts and you shouldn't put up with those who are reckless with yours . 
is officially in love with < PROPFEMALE > Ramirez ... I have discovered her vocals . She's fabulous . 
is sorry for the million awful things she did and said , and the million other things she could have said and done instead , and she's sorry you won't spend each minute growing old with her . She's sorry that * our * life will never be . 
thinks the future is the home of our deepest fears and our wildest hopes . But one thing is certain when it finally reveals itself , the future is never the way we imagined it . 
For the foolishness of God is wiser than man’s wisdom and the weakness of God is stronger than man’s strength . 1 Corinthians 1:25 
will always doubt , and always sin . She will never understand . But that's faith . That's why you believe . 
thinks supporting someone and respecting someone aren't the same thing . 
thinks any pain you feel will never , ever , compare to the regret that comes from walking away from love . As someone who’s felt a lot of both : trust her . Pain beats regret every day of the week and twice on Sunday . 
thinks there are often greater rewards for vice than for virtue in this life , so few will prefer what is right to what is profitable if they neither fear God no expect an afterlife . - < PROPFIRST > Descartes 
thinks something cannot come from nothing , and the more perfect cannot come from the less perfect . - < PROPFIRST > Descartes 
to the left , to the left . 
wants you to promise not to promise anymore/And if you come around again/ Then I will take , then I will take the chain from off the door/I'll never say , /That I'll never love . /But I don't say a lot of things/And you my love are gone . 
wonders when did it all stop making sense ? I don't understand . I remember we were so sure so innocent , oh but that was then . Can we ever go back again ? 
doesn't like being used and likes being lied to even less . -Grey's Anatomy 
hates Cincinnati < PROPFEMALE > and whoever thought that Barack Obama should even be CONSIDERED for a Nobel Peace Prize . 
says , go on , go on and break her heart . She'll be okay . There's nothing you can do to her that's ever going to burn her . 
is leaving you . She's not sure if that’s what she should do . It hurts so bad . She's wanting you but can't go back . Trying to find , to find that all elusive piece of mind . Stuck here somehow shrouded beneath her fear and now she doesn't need it . 
96 on my History mid-term ? WHAT ?! I must be a really good guesser :) 
is getting colder than the penguins ... watch her heart freeze . 
would like to be her own person . She wants to be the person she is with all her faults and misgivings and rare good parts and not get into a fight about it . 
smashed her worry filled pumpkin tonight with a sledgehammer , take that how you will , but she means it literally . 
thinks it's time to leave this city . 
wants to know \why would we rather put ourselves through hell than sleep alone at night ? \"" 
\Love just leaves you bruised \"" 
thinks it's the time of the quarter where she feels like she is failing all her classes because she missed them once . Time for this quarter to be over . Now . 
\Well that's what we do . We fight . You tell me when I'm being an arrogant son of a bitch and I tell you when you are being a pain in the ass . Which you are 99% of the time . I'm not afraid to hurt your feelings . You have like a two second rebound rate and you're back to doing the next pain in the ass thing . \"" 
believes that laughing is the best calorie burner ; she believes in kissing , kissing a lot ; she believes in being strong when everything goes wrong ; she believes that tomorrow is another day ; and she believes in miracles . - < PROPFEMALE > Hepburn 
thinks we're all susceptible to it - the dread and anxiety of not knowing what’s coming . It’s pointless in the end . Because all the worrying and all the making of plans for things that could or could not happen , it only makes things worse . So walk your dog . Or take a nap . Just whatever you do , stop worrying . Because the only cure for paranoia , is to be . Here . Just as you are . 
is Wyl Villacres 
thinks buying tickets to RENT last night was the best decision she could have made . 
thinks you can't ever really get over a person until you fall in love with someone else - watch me squash that thought . 
KILLED her CST paper ... OH YEAH ! Just freed up so much weekend timeeee :) 
got caught in a Bad Romance . 
ALWAYS GETS JURY DUTTTTTTY !!!! WHY !? 
No Day But Today 
may be retired - but she still knows how to act . 
says happy birthday to < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
voted . It's her right , and yours too ! Go to the polls before they close ! ( Don't forget to vote AGAINST < PROPFEMALE >!) 
was apparently the only person who HATED Paranormal Activity . She always knew she was special . :) hahaha 
is all tatted up ! 
wants you to find her . 
thinks < PROPMALE > is a clean and happy boy . Vroom Vroom . 
is glad to be taking swimming next quarter - time to actually be as in shape as she looks ! 
has cabin fever !!! Please free her ! 
thinks an airplane just took off in her computer , what was that noise < PROPFEMALE > ? You better not be crapping out on me ! 
thinks she reallllllly needs to go to church tomorrow , at least so < PROPFEMALE > does not kill her . Goodnight . 
has only one complaint about her Honda Civic - no mute button for the stereo on the steering wheel ... she's spoiled , it's cool . 
thinks you put the < PROPMALE > in he < PROPMALE > break - you're a model of sin with the pose of temptress . 
didn't know and she didn't care , but now she knows - love just leaves you bruised . Did love just leave you screwed ? You got to go slow cause love just leaves you bruised . 
would love to tell her that she can't have what she never was given . She got me to be who she wanted , so she never got who I really was - time to be me again . 
is no longer a p < PROPMALE > of your dark and deceptive little play , for love is a flower that grows on - in spite of who you lay , so go put the < PROPMALE > in hearbreak ; it's such a game . 
\in these violent days - I only want to be where you are . \"" 
has found that the truth is incontrovertible ; malice may attack it , ignorance my deride it , but in the end , there it is . 
would like to know if you really enjoy living a life that's so hateful ? Because there is a hole where your soul should be , you're losing control of it and it's really distasteful . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
is thinking it probably isn't good she is feeling this way about you ... oops . 
thinks maybe your soulmate is the one who forces your soul to grow the most . 
has nothing to do , nowhere to be , a simple little kind of free . Nothing to do , no one but me and that's all I need . I'm perfectly lonely , I'm perfectly lonely , I'm perfectly lonely . ' Cause I don't belong to anyone , nobody belongs to me . And this is not to say there never comes a day that I'll take my chances and start again . 
thinks everyone should dare to be imperfect and one day there will tug at your sleeve , a soulmate . 
knows that we could be so amazing and baby your love is gonna change me , and now I can see every possibility ... somehow I know it'll all turn out ... and I promise you kid - I'll give so much more than I get , they say all's fair in love and war ... but I won't need to fight it , we'll get it right and we'll be united . 
woke up - wide awake after a mere three hours of sleep , the Christmas tree is up at home , she is headed to church , then to a nine hour shift as boss woman at the shoe store with her favorites ... it has to be a good day because last night was awesome . Come visit ! 
can't do all the work here . 
dreams just don't come true , but now there's you . God knows it's easy to hide , easy to hide from the things that you feel and harder to blindly trust what you can't understand . God knows it's easy to run , easy to run from the people you love and harder to stand and fight for the things you believe . 
- the thing is love isn't enough and sometimes you have to walk away from someone you love so you can walk right into someone more , someone better , love and then some ... and that's who they call your soulmate . 
pick me . choose me . love me . 
saw your car as she drove by the bar . Ruined my night . Keep it classy - get out of my town . 
forever always seems to be around when it begins , but forever never seems to be around when it ends .... so give me your forever ... please your forever , not a day less will do from you . 
FUCK the PO-LICE ! 
“Don't be reckless with other people's hearts , don't put up with those who are reckless with yours . ” 
To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . If you do what you've always done , you'll get what you've always got . 
is GAY and not sorry . 
works like a slave . 
biggest clubbing night of the year ? I'm in . 8K in the morning - BRING IT ! 
so the 8K maybe didn't happen for me ? Whoops . Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!! 
thinks Thanksgiving without < PROPFEMALE > is no thanksgiving at all . :( Miss you sister !!! 
loves when people speak empty words to a person with a full heart , not . But she does love FOOD !! Thank you < PROPFIRST > for making paprikash . MMM . 
neeeeeeeds to move out . Yesterday . Sorry moms and pops . 
is determined to use her day off to get all kinds of things done . 
no more cashews for a while . Time to get serious again . Work 1- 9:30 ... that means visit . 
really likes talking to you ... even when I stay up way past my bedtime to do it . 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > at 10:30 ? Did I stutter ? I love late night snacks - don't care how unhealthy they are ! 
wins geek of the year award - totally spent some serious time today looking up random words in the dictionary ... don't judge me . 
church tonight at 6pm - anyone care to join ? 
loves being a workaholic again ( eff you strep ) , loves being undercharged at chipotle , loves God , loves her life , and might even love you - if you let her . 
needs you to say you will be there for me to hold , when the faith grows old and life turns cold , when the faith grows old , and life turns cold . So if you’re cold I will stay , maybe fate will guide the way . I believe in what I see and baby we were meant to be . 
would like to move out soon , please . 
thinks life is too short to not be with who you want to be with . Goodnight . 
doesn't want to hurt you because I don't think it's a virtue , but you and I have come to an end . Believe me when I tell you that I never want to see you again . And please can you stop calling cause it's getting really boring and I've told you I don't want to be friends . I don't understand what it is that you're chasing after . 
survived the night ... with only a few booze bruises and burns . Awesome . Hello Thursday morning . 
\There are more pleasant things to do than beat up people . \ " -- Muhammad < PROPFIRST > " 
had to lie to a small child about the burn on my neck , thank you life . 
thinks you gotta swim and swim when it hurts . The whole world is watching ; you haven't come this far to fall off the earth . I swim for brighter days despite the absence of sun , choking on salt water . I'm not giving in , I swim . You gotta swim for nights that won't end ; swim for your family , your lovers , your sisters and brothers , and friends . 
always likes the straight , crazy , unavailable or a combination of the three when it comes to girls ... she hopes this changes , stat . Sister arrives tomorrow :D 
wishes people wouldn't talk shit when they don't know what they are talking about . Rumors are not fun for anyone , legit . 
feels twice her age ... why is she tired at 7:23 pm ? 
feels like she is ready for her life to be less dramatic ... this is just getting ridiculous , boring please ! 
doesn't like trouble , but trouble likes her . 
might be moving to California a little ahead of schedule ... nothing stays the same , so she's maybe going to be the change . 
doesn't think anymore , she just knows . 
Cocaine is God's way of saying that you're making too much money . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
' s life is a movie . All . The . Fucking . Time . 
thinks that her sister , < PROPFEMALE > Brinker , thinking < PROPFEMALE > Murphy bought her shots tonight , made Christmas . 
got the BATMOBILE for Christmas . Go ahead and TRY to top that ! 
is a designated driver and totally alright with it ;) 
\excellence makes people nervous\ " - Don't let it be the reason you walk away from something ... or someone . " 
\insert nostalgic 2010 status with a little bit of optimistic 2011 status \"" 
needs you so much closer ... so come on , come on . 
will become a fish tomorrow ... swimming class in the morning , auditions tuesday - returning to my loves . 
is stupidly out of shape ... thank you for kicking my ass swimming class , thank you a lot . I look forward to our twice a week meeting . 
is bravely returning to a passion tomorrow , auditions for RENT ... and even if I don't get it - I will have thrown myself back into the ring , this is what's important . Try . Someday it will pay off ... maybe even this time . 
\Finding the G-spot : Is it real ? \ " Just showed up in my cnn news box on my home page ... this might be a great day after all ... RENT auditions commence in 1.5 ! " 
thinks that no matter what she is proud of herself for auditioning ... but more to the point - best audition she's ever had ! :) 
past is prelude ... on to the next show , with grace :) 
definitely needs some camo pants ... 
thinks it says something when she proves the professor wrong on the first day ... she hopes that doesn't make her arrogant , but it probably does . 
women ... can't live with them or without them . 
has become comfortably numb . 
brown , orange , yellow and white . :) 
is praying for uncle John ... 1-4 months is impossibly short . 
used to believe in some kind of feeling that could change everything she thought she knew , but that door is closed and her heart feels like it's frozen . If you can hear her , she can't feel you . 
believes in second chances , but doesn't know how she feels about third chances , so use your second one wisely . 
agrees with < PROPFIRST > Zwick that eighteen days is much too long until the move out date ! 
isn't sure if going out tonight should occur ... 
finally made a hair appointment , everyone can relax about my horrible roots now . :) Moving in 17 days . Class til 9 . Going out , probably , shocking ? 
so much for the year starting off right ... loss means something leaves you , therefore , logically , lightening the load . However , some loss defies this theory and makes things that much heavier instead . 
thinks it's funny that when she updates her status she knows < PROPFIRST > and A-Ray get text messages about it . hehehehe . :) Dentist in the morning , had a delightful evening of hanging out and watching some Jersey Shore ... BEDTIME ! 
thinks if this is a game then she likes the way that we play . 
has work til 9:30 and then movie night with the girls ! 
could use somebody , you know that she could use somebody . Someone like you and all you know and how you speak . 
cannot wait for this week to be over , sometimes - as much as she loves being busy - busy is too busy . She will need this weekend to kick back after this week . Anyone care to join in her kicking back ? 
can smell the sweet sweet freedom of friday ... Moving Out !! 
has a bed in the new apartment ... she's home ! :) 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Eyink and < PROPFEMALE > Overfield better get to working with her again ASAP ... she's rather fond of them . :) 
27 minutes . Bring it . 
thinks speeding tickets are a wonderful way to start any day ... if you hate yourself . LAME . 
( 614 ): can you imagine how much money lesbians save on birth control ?!? ( 740 ): bitches . 
had a great weekend with < PROPFIRST > Zwick , < PROPFIRST > Thompson , and < PROPFIRST > Campbell even if it did involve a giant accumulation of snow , is it Spring Break yet ? 
loves snow days - even at 20 . 
thinks a great thing in life is knowing someone who knows all of your mistakes and differences but still finds you absolutely amazing . 
I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner ; I believe in kissing , kissing a lot ; I believe in being strong when everything goes wrong ; I believe that tomorrow is another day ; and I believe in miracles . - < PROPFEMALE > Hepburn 
“To be nothing but yourself , in a world which is doing its best to make you everybody else , means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight , and never stop fighting . ” - E.E. Cummings 
spent time with lots of important people on < PROPFIRST>'s Day ... I guess it's not such a horrible \holiday ... \ " and her < PROPFIRST > is kinda alright . ;) " 
thinks this is her least favorite part of the quarter where she starts worrying she's failing every class ... hopefully she's wrong again ... hello week 7 , you never fail to freak me out . 
thinks her girlfriend pretty much rocks ... that's all she has to share tonight . Goodnight . 
misses her sisterrrrrrrrr . < PROPFEMALE > Brinker return to me ! 
just wanna be with you my baby , my baby , ohhhh . Promise to play no games , treat you no other way than you deserve ' cause you're the girl of my dreams . ( Yes , < PROPFIRST > Bieber lyrics , what up ?! ) 
opening night of RENT . Dinner with the boys , then out to support the girlfriend . But first ... the doctor ... strep throat again ? I hope not . 
is going to go see her girlfriend , < PROPFIRST > Campbell , in RENT at Playhouse South with her roommate , < PROPFIRST > Zwick , and her favorite A . < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Thompson ! 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Campbell is pretty great . Church , RENT , movies with girlfriend ... it's going to be a great day ! 
thinks you should call her Mr. Flinstone cause she can make your bed rock . ;) 
realizes making a status about this weather like everyone else is lame , but - it's so nice it makes me want to actually go running outside ... I don't run . Kind of a big deal . Hello Spring ! 
thinks weekends make her happy , just like warm weather makes her happy , and good friends ... and her girlfriend - she makes her happy too . :) 
has got her mind set on you ! 
needs a day of rest ... like - just sleeping alllllll day . Time to play catch up . 
your love is my drug ... your love your love your love is my drug . 
is always gonna want to blow your mind . 
loves you . :) 
is headin ' to tha club in about an hour-ish . :) 
( 615 ): I'm watching < PROPFEMALE > ! ( 1-615 ): just because im gay does not mean you need to notify me every time you watch the < PROPFEMALE > degeneres show 
half way through with day one of Spring Quarter 2010 ... ten weeks to go ... not sure I'm going to like this M , W , F schedule ... we'll see ! 
thinks it's annoyingly entertaining when math teachers pretend to have a personality ... ( except < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , they actually have personalities . :) ) 
thinks it sure feels good to finally feel the way I do . 
hates today . 
thinks pink satin thongs are NOT for everyone ... 
would prefer if she didn't have to work tonight , however , she is happy she is working with the dream team since she does have to work - < PROPFEMALE > Overfield , < PROPFIRST > Eyink and me of course ! :) 
work . IS GAY . 
British Texts of the 17th and 18th Centuries professor : \Apparently according to psychologists after 40 minutes [ of class ] you all are having sex fantasies anyway . \ " WHAT ??!? " 
is dying ... someone take care of me . :( 
was so glad to see her sister and introduce her to her girlfriend yesterday ! :) 
is still laughing at the family videos she watched with the family ( Mom , Dad , < PROPFEMALE > , Helaina , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ) on saturday . < PROPFEMALE > and I were SUCH divas at ages 3 and 4 - no wonder we ended up in theater . 
thinks the tooth < PROPFEMALE > teaches children that they can sell body parts for money . 
there's no point tryin ' to hide it ... no point tryin ' to evade it . I know I got a problem - problem with misbehavin ' . If you fall for me ... I'm not easy to please ; I might tear you apart . Told you from the start , baby , from the start : I'm only gonna break break your break break your heart . 
loves her some < PROPFIRST > Campbell ! 
facebook has shown me so many engagement ring ads ... is that supposed to mean something ? 
has a case of the mondays . 
is feeling the stress of week seven right now ... and it's only week five . Kill . Me . Now . 
didn't bomb her math test after all ... she even had one of the highest grades ... 
will no longer be carrying around photo ID . Know why ? People should know who I am . 
EFF you facebook ! Just because I'm a lesbian doesn't mean I don't eat meat ! Ads for vegan cookies and brownies ! Really !?! 
loves < PROPFIRST > Campbell ... that is all . :) 
wants to see Nightmare on Elm Street , who's coming with ?! 
whilst looking at the 1000 Awesome things website I happened upon some favorites : #518 - Napping With Somebody Else , #519 : Glue Movies ( See , glue movies are any movie you can’t stop watching whenever you see them on TV . ) , #521 - Calling a Mulligan on the Day , and #567 - Getting to the Light at the End of the Tunnel ( get here now SUMMER ! ) 
listen facebook ... I would appreciate it if you would stop applying STEROTYPES to my sexuality and feature ads alongside my profile for DICK'S SPORTING GOODS ... VEGAN COOKIES AND BROWNIES ... and SUBARU OUTBACKS ! What's next ? FLANNEL LINGERIE !!!?? 
thought < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s wedding was beautiful ! And now it is time to PARTY !!! 
planned her Fall quarter - SO MUCH CLOSER to finishing college - at least my DARS says I am . I'll be done with my < PROPMALE > before I am finished with college , which means a possible minor ? It could happen ! Class M , W , F 8:30 -1 with a class til 2:30 on W . 
wanted to remind EVERYONE that she has the best girlfriend ( < PROPFIRST > Campbell ) possible ... and I love her ! :) 
thinks people should mind their own business . 
is a sex shark ... she stops moving and she dies ... 
( 757 ): \ 
you handed me your bra at the bar and said ' hold my purse ' 
is gonna go ahead and see if she can pass British Texts of the 17th and 18th centuries without reading any of the text book and without paying attention to the lectures ... so far so good ... passing :) 
is still young and out of line . 
evacuate the dance floor , thanks . :) 
' s girlfriend = best thing to ever happen to her . :) I love you < PROPFIRST > Campbell ! 
Would you still say you love me , under this ordinary moonlight ? I'm so afraid of what you'll say . 
... so admittedly the Idina Menzel and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > moments in Glee last night hit my heart pretty hard with the whole daughter given away thing ... 
\No way ! No FREAKIN way !! \ " - yes Cristina ... Grey's was freakin insane and your response was appropriate . Did anyone watch that insanity last night !? " 
burnt herself at the pool ... whoops ! 
thinks vacation begins at 3pm tomorrow afternoon ... and she is so glad about this !!! 
thinks that baby when it's love if it's not rough it isn't fun . 
is heading to Vermont in a few short hours !! 
had a wonderful time in Vermont , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Brinker and < PROPMALE > Ferguson were fantastic in Guys & Dolls and she is very glad they met her girlfriend < PROPFIRST > Campbell ! 
has THREE days of school left . Today , Friday and next Wednesday ... time to be DONE with this quarter !! 
Maybe you want her maybe you need her ; Maybe you started to compare to someone not there ; Maybe you want it maybe you need it ; Maybe it's all you're running from , perfection will not come . 
Dayton Pride 2010 ! Never been ... guess I'll give it a shot . See you fruits there ! 
remains unimpressed ... 
is so much closer to being finished with school for the summer ! :) 
thinks the sea is just a wetter version of the sky . 
is one final away from summer ... FINALly ... get it ? 
is sorry , but what is that ? Oh yes , it's summer . :) Who wants to go to Masque tonight ? 
makes the good girls go bad 
thinks it's weird that it's < PROPMALE > year and she needs to start practicing for the LSAT ... 
wants to know , what is it about her that makes me want her ? Something in her smile ... something that I'll never understand ... her wild abandon . 
is moving stuff into the new place today , going to dinner with the birthday girl(s ) and then to Colbie Caillat ( hoping the rain will hold out ) and then to Fox ! :) 
< PROPMALE > PRIDE ... let's do this ! 
is enjoying the weekend ... Pride was a success , the wedding was beautiful , and hopefully tomorrow will be productive with moving ! 
is headed to Chicago tomorrow , then working her life away for the rest of the summer , oh how I love it .... oh and I have internet now ! :) 
oh Chicago ... 
is headed to work after a day of unpacking , hanging pictures and setting things up ... moving is sort of exhausting , but the place is coming together ! Let me know when you want to visit ! :) 
thinks facebook should get out of her head - ad for engagement rings and right below that an ad for \Moving Sucks ? \ " Creepy and Crawly that's what you are Facebook . " 
hates\ 
to break it to you babe , but I'm not drowning . There's no one here to \ 
save . Who cares if you disagree ? You are not me . Who made you < PROPMALE > of \ 
anything ? So you dare tell me who to be ... who died and made you \ 
< PROPMALE > of anything ? 
enjoys < PROPFIRST > ( < PROPFIRST > Eyink ) , < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE > Overfield ) , Sami days . A LOT ! :) 
And when the worrying starts to hurt ... and the world feels like graves of dirt ... just close your eyes . 
Doesn't know if it's me or you , but I can see the skies are changing . And I don't know , which way it's gonna go . If it's gonna be a rainy day there's nothin ' we can do to make it change . We can pray for < PROPFEMALE > weather but that won't stop the rain . 
My life is a movie ... really life ?! Really !? 
Looks strong , altogether , though inside I'm weak . Still I bleed , still I wait to heal . You're shelter from the rain , turn around , walk away . Go now and don't look back . My life's come off it's tracks and you should be free of me . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Campbell can sing real nice :) 
I want you I need you oh baby . Oh baby . I feel you in my chest I can't breathe . 
No matter how thick skinned we try to be , there's millions of electrifying nerve endings in there . Open and exposed and feeling way too much . Try as we might to keep from feeling pain , sometimes it's just unavoidable . Sometimes that's the only thing left - just feeling . 
just likes women too much ... 
thinks this sex is on fire . 
is doing a facebook cleanse very soon . Hopefully you'll survive the fall ! 
deleted over SIX HUNDRED friends , must not have been very good friends ... 
I was too nice with the first two rounds of cuts , I'm really done now ... for tonight at least ... :) 
needs a job that pays more than pennies for my time ... who can help !? 
has grown too strong to ever fall back in your arms . I've learned to live half a life and now you want me one more time . And who do you think you are ? Running around leaving scars , collecting your jar of hearts , and tearing love apart . You're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul , so don't come back for me . Who do you think you are ? 
wants to know if you know I'm not your ghost anymore ? And it took so long just to feel alright , remember how to put the light back in my eyes . I wish I would have missed the first time that we kissed , cause you broke all your promises and now you're back and you don't get to get me back . 
thinks there's beauty in the breakdown . 
Up at 7:30 am , mom and dad's at 8:30 am , GIANT family breakfast at 9:30 am , Swimming at 11:00 am , Pie-In-The-Face contest at high noon , More swimming at 1:00 pm , Lounging around at 2:00 pm , Corhole at 3:00 pm , Nap at 4:00 pm , Dinner at 4:30 pm , Cornhole at 5:30 pm , Cards at 6:00 pm , Dessert at 7:00 pm , Talking until 8:30 pm . Home . FANTASTIC DAY . Family reunions rock my world . :) 
has got designer shades just to hide her face and she wears them around like she's cooler than you . 
thinks life is full of hard things and you know sometimes it isn't fair . But you know , you have a choice : you can either take the hard things and make your life better or make it worse . 
< PROPFEMALE > Good will be here VERY SOON ! :) 
masque tonight . It's been so long . 
is going to see The Kids Are All Right , with an alright group of kids ... < PROPFIRST > Campbell , < PROPFEMALE > Good , and < PROPFEMALE > Caddell 
is a bean fiddler . 
thinks she needs to start writing again . And spin her worry ring ... 
is seeking some lost answer from a God who loves her . Can I turn to You in my need ? Will You take me back or watch me bleed ? Are you there ? There at all ... and as I fall from the person that I try to be could You really love someone like me ? 
has the dark and twisties . 
feels like crap . Tired of being tired . Tired of being sick . BLEH ! 
thinks it's easier to hurt than to heal ... 
feels like she's \ 
headed for a breakdown . And I don't know why . I'm not crazy I'm just a \ 
little unwell ; I know right now you can't tell , but stay a while and \ 
maybe then you'll see a different side of me . I'm just a \ 
little impaired , but soon enough you're gonna think of me and how I used\ 
to be . It makes me think there must be something wrong with me . Out of all the hours thinking somehow I've lost my mind . 
and my soul begins to bleed ... 
Alright alright , I'm on the Prop 8 train too . Yay gays ! Screw you unfeeling bastards , we win , and by we I mean all of those people who support love between consenting adults . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... I'll get him hot , show him what I got ... 
got her snug pierced and in no way does that involve a snuggie or foreign body part . Google it if you aren't sure , but she likes it ! :) 
is over it . 
needs you to remind her what it was like at the top of the world ... 
please don't say you're proud of me when I've lost my way ... 
well - the shoe dept is hiring , cause I QUIT ! Fuck you ! 
is too young to be taken seriously , but I'm too old to believe all this hypocrisy . 
keeps drawing you in with her big brown lying eyes . 
tomorrow's agenda : church , work , volleyball - it will be good , nothing will prevent it . Let's go . 
thinks since she went to church today , God should make sure it doesn't rain for volleyball . :) 
has seven more days - one week - until she is free of her capture at the shoe dept . Deuces . 
George : \I don't get you people . \ " Meredith : \ " Us with the boobs ? We make a lot of bad decisions ... \"" 
( 914 ): \ 
Sometimes I think that I have too much self esteem\ 
\ 
( 914 ): \ 
Then I realize that I'm just really fucking pretty . 
wants to be happy again . Happiness where have you gone ? I will come find you , throw me a line . 
can't wait for fall ... colorful leaves , jacket weather , that smell in the air , haunted houses ... warm drinks . Mmm . 
is having her final curtain at Shoe as we speak- DEUCES for real . 
thinks she is going to visit grandma Brinker today . She didn't get to go on her birthday to visit , so she will go today ! 
had a wonderful day . Landed that new job , stayed unemployed for less than 24 hours as a result , saw and helped out mom and dad , < PROPMALE > out and had dinner with < PROPFIRST > Campbell and sister Helaina Diaz and talked to other sister < PROPFEMALE > Brinker on the phone ( briefly as it was ) and just feels really good about all of these things . Individually and combined ! 
thinks this beautiful day makes everything that went wrong this morning so much better !! 
is excessively bored . Someone rescue me !! 
loves plain black shirts , dress pants , heels and all the perfect accessories . :) Oh , and fall breezes ... those rock . 
is working at Verizon 1-9 . She is oddly nervous ... and hopes it goes well ! 
thinks this is not working out ... 
thinks people should come to ladyfest this weekend . < PROPFIRST > Campbell is playing saturday night !! 
is Batman . AND drives < PROPMALE > the Batmobile . :D 
felt like using a throwback profile picture - and what better than one with my < PROPFIRST > Stuerman in it ? I HEART him ! And MISS him ! 
is intensely excited for HAUNTED HOUSING friday . :) 
thinks some parents don't know what being a parent means - she's thankful for having the kind that do know what it means . 
wants to know if anyone can come make her printer work wirelessly - she's at a loss ... 
haunted housing is tonight , Masque is tomorrow night . I think I will quit crappy jobs more often . I actually have time for LIFE for once in a long time . Still searching for a job , but not minding enjoying the newfound time I do have . :) 
loves her professional writing classes , but thinks her lit classes with the weird English majors are bullshit . 
may or may not be shamelessly watching old Are You Afraid of the Dark episodes ... I'm such a 90's kid . 
needs to go to bed earlier to feel ready to go on these early class days . 
is getting dinner with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and then spending the evening with her English homework and < PROPFIRST > Campbell . Life could be so much worse . :) 
is going to see Devil ! YESSSSS ! 
DON'T HAVE PHONE SEX ... you might get hearing aids ... 
GAY that's what I'm ironically calling the dumbasses that couldn't vote the right way in the fillibuster for Don't Ask Don't Tell . You're GAY ! 
has a second interview for a job Thursday and is shooting a movie trailer on Sunday . Wee ! 
just had an awesome interview ! 
LOVES being an English < PROPMALE > who can prove her statistics profesor wrong in order to get the appropriately deserved A on my quiz - speaks to my pursuasive side and ability to be a lawyer someday , n'est-ce pas ? 
got the job !! 
is working on getting famous today . 
got NO sleep last night . WHYYYYY . :( 
is excited for not having class tomorrow ! :) 
would like a montage of < PROPFEMALE > moments from Glee . Period . Get it for me for Christmas . 
wants to know why she's not in a big city doing great things , what is this life ? 
is obsessed with Six Feet Under - maybe she should consider a Funeral Home career ? Kidding . Grey's Anatomy is a very very close second obsession , however , and it is on tonight ! :) 
wants to be on the cover of Forbes magazine . 
thought the Social Network was a serious piece of work - in a very good way . 
likes it on the floor or in the back seat of the car . 
' s trainer for Fifth Third told her she looks and sounds like < PROPFEMALE > Hunt Hunt and proceeded to call her that . 
is very excited about her new job . Training has been very inviting , informative , and interesting . 
thinks - if you compare ... where you are to where you want to be - you'll get - nowhere . 
is heading to Indy soon for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s wedding ! Congratulations cousin ! :) 
is a lesbian and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/dbwBS2 . 
got a 99% on her Spanish exam , muy bien ! 
thinks the past week , this week and next week are joining forces to both exhaust my physical faculties with sleep deprivation and drive me insane without the capacity to use my mental faculties by increasing my level of anxiety . The end result and goal ? Death . 
thinks everyone should check out Look Who's Cooking and if you like what you see , \like\ " the group ! Her uncle is Chef < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Brinker ! " 
loves her new job !! 
registers for winter quarter tomorrow . Time is just flying by . Soon enough I'm going to be graduating , crazy . 
just received a $4000 scholarship for the year - Thank you < PROPFIRST > G < PROPFIRST > DDS Scholarship Fund , you are greatly appreciated . :) 
doesn't know where to go , so I think I'll just sit and stay here a while til I figure it out . So let the wind blow us to wherever it says we are supposed to go . 
Baby you - you got what I need , baby you , you got my sunshine . When I see you it's a beautiful world , but when you're gone I want you in my arms . One day you might let me love you , I'm on fire - can't you feel my < PROPFEMALE > ? 
is American Literature of the Late 19th Century examing this morning . 
is having a movie night with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . :) 
' s new dream and goal : Work for Latham & Watkins . That is all . 
is hitting the club with some favorites . :) 
had a fantastic night out and even made it to church on time . :) 
is commencing operation Bamm-Bamm and Pebbles tomorrow at 1700hrs with < PROPFEMALE > Overfield . Let the Halloween costuming BEGIN ! 
is one hundred percent OVER statistics . How's that for a stat !? Suck it ! 
is off to lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Haberman Stamper . And p.s. my Bamm-Bamm costume is rockin - only because < PROPFEMALE > Overfield and I are amazing ! :) 
LOVES her new job ! :) 
says Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Campbell ! 
y su amiga , < PROPFEMALE > Overfield < PROPFIRST > ir a < PROPFEMALE > fi < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > noche , pero primero nosostras tenemos trabajar . 
was the best Bamm-Bamm Rubble everrrr tonight . :) 
just woke up - but still remembered - Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , wish I could share your special day with you !! LOVE ! 
is going to see Spring Awakening tonight with < PROPFIRST > Campbell !! 
< PROPFIRST > Bartoo said it best one time - I believe he was inebriated , as it was early in the a.m. and it was a comment on a status - however , it was still the best way to say it - \You deserve a show on Bravo \"" 
will be singing Poker Face ( with < PROPFIRST > Campbell in the style of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and Idina Menzel on Glee ) , Say A Little Prayer ( with two other lovely ladies ) , I Believe ( with a small talented group ) and three full cast songs in In The Spotlight on December 11th , be there ! 
does not want to be awake or attending class this morning . 
needs to be a lawyer , yesterday . That way school would be over indefinitely . 
got another scholarship ! YAY ! 
spent her day working , cleaning , preparing a project and then relaxing with < PROPFEMALE > Overfield and < PROPFIRST > Campbell . Great and productive day ! :) 
va a ir < PROPMALE > teatro < PROPFEMALE > noche para el ensayo . Va ir la casa de padres tambien . 
worked at Fifth Third Bank today for the first half of her day and is now going to go shopping with < PROPFIRST > Campbell and have dinner and mayyyyybe go out . 
is taking her examen en espanol and then working at Fifth Third Bank then off to rehearsal , then time for bed . So much to do ! 
Is going to post a countdown in honor of < PROPFEMALE > Overfield haha . \ 
Days until the end of the quarter : 2\ 
Days until Atlanta : 9\ 
Days until < PROPMALE > family Christmas : 39\ 
Days until Christmas : 40\ 
Days until my 21st birthday : 77 
Days until the end of the quarter : 1\ 
Days until Atlanta : 8\ 
Days until < PROPMALE > family Christmas : 38\ 
Days until Christmas : 39\ 
Days until my 21st birthday : 76 
is in her studying outfit - by that she means : sweat pants , long sleeved tee , and moccasin slippers ! 
Dear Sami , \ 
Please do me right now . On the kitchen table . In your bed . On the\ 
couch . Hell , I'll even take the floor in front of the T.V. I don't\ 
care , I just need you to do me like I've never been done before . \ 
- Your studying 
is finished for the quarter ? Oh really ? That's wonderful news . :) Let's < PROPFEMALE > out !! 
thinks you should raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right ways , all my underdogs ! We will never be anything but loud , and nitty gritty , dirty little freaks , just come on and raise your glass . 
just wants her grades to be posted for Fall 2010 ... especially since I was emailed on THURSDAY by one professor saying she entered them into WINGS . So where is it !? I'm getting anxious ! 
ok - who knows how to write HTML code ? 
had a FANTASTIC day at work and is already well over her goal for the month ! :) 
is leaving for GA in the morning !! Get to see Kelliiiiii . 
' s power rangers got married and divorced so many times when she was younger . Oh and I like to think of the homeless as outdoorsy . 
wishes < PROPFIRST > Campbell could be here with her , but is also very glad that she gets to spend time with < PROPFEMALE > Brinker . 
is thankful for so much today ! :) 
had a successful Thanksgiving , but is missing her some < PROPFIRST > Campbell . 
loved that Urgent Care doctor !! 
is off to work at Fifth Third Bank , then to pick up her books for Winter Quarter , then to do homework for intercession class , then to relax . :) 
Countdown ! \ 
In the Spotlight Show : 12 Days\ 
End of Intercession : 18 Days\ 
< PROPMALE > Family Christmas : 25 Days\ 
Christmas : 26 Days\ 
My 21st Birthday : 63 Days 
wants to wish everyone a happy 1st of December and a happy first snow of the season ! :) 
thinks winter is for curling up on the couch with hot drinks and loved ones . :) 
is planning on going to UC for law school - it's a good school ( 56 in top 100 ) , it's inexpensive ( 20K a year ) , it's fairly local , it has the program I want ( Business Law ) . :) 
cannot sleep , for no particular reason . :/ 
is all set for In The Spotlight on December 11th at 8pm - Tickets are FREE , so get there EARLY to get seats . :) 
thinks if you need a bank account of any kind ( checking or savings or credit card ) you should come to Fifth Third Bank inside Kroger on Whipp Rd in Kettering to open it tomorrow ! That way I can win the contest at work !!! :) 
COUNTDOWN !!! \ 
In the Spotlight - 2 Days\ 
< PROPMALE > Family Christmas - 15 Days\ 
Christmas - 16 Days\ 
My 21st Birthday - 53 Days ! 
COME SEE IN THE SPOTLIGHT SATURDAY DECEMBER 11th AT 8PM . IT'S FREE - PLAYHOUSE SOUTH ( < PROPMALE > HAINES THEATER ) OFF OF FAR HILLS IN KETTERING ! 
I'm feeling eloquent - Time to play the number game - text me a random number and I'll status about what I think about you - :) 
17 - 6 years later ... There's a lot that has happened and been said - but overall I think it's really nice we've both been there for each other when it was truly needed . You're a great person - don't forget it ! I love you ! 
881411 - It's been interesting , our friendship , very in and out - but I always have fun with you and I hope you take good care of yourself in the times that I'm seeing you all that often . And take care of your lady - you seem good for each other . :) 
1234 - SISTER !! ( nice choice of number ... not ) I love you . You and I are alike - in many ways ; we understand each other and that is a wonderful thing to have in life . You truly are someone I wish to always have in my life . Thank you for trusting me , relying on me in times that you just need someone , and for letting me < PROPFEMALE > on you too . You're great and I REALLY think of you as my sister . 
113 - November 3rd ? :) I love you & miss you like it's my job . You have been my soccer mom , my best friend , my life support and ninety nine other things since the day I met you - even if we weren't so fond of each other then - the love has always been there . I wish you nothing but the best . I know you'll be a < PROPFEMALE > in your life . And I hope I can frequent your life a little more often . - P.s. Help plan my wedding !? 
155768476952476995244723698257425658254558247655665 - BITCH . We made out in a BAR . And I've loved you ever since . You're one of my girlfriend's best friends and I completely approve of that . Let's direct a show together - right after we retire from theater ... again . :) 
LOVES when it is really snowy around the holidays - especially when it's nice and warm where she is and she's with people she loves ! 
that girl is a monster ... she ate my heart ... she ate my heart . 
... if you have sex with a prostitute without her permission is it rape ... or shoplifting ? 
hates parking at Wright State and can't wait to be finished parking here ! 
has one class down and two to go for today - she forgot how long Tuesday/Thursday classes drag on . 
is getting lunch with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , her lovely husband , today ! YAY ! :) 
loves decorating ! 
Both of my last classes of the day were canceled by 8am this morning and I went to the first one just to see how bad the roads were . Now , just relaxing until work ! 
registered for the LSAT today ... it's almost the point of no return ! 
is Chef-ing this weekend . Chicken Paprikash today and Chili tomorrow ! 
going out with Papi tonight ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ) . 
less than two weeks and the baby will be 21 ... get excited ... 
the ten day countdown begins in three short hours ... who's with me ? 
Ten ... 
Nine ... 
registered to be on jeopardy adult edition and college edition - bring it . 
thinks it's almost time for evening festivities with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Campbell ... and good thing she's getting her hair done on Wednesday because it's a bit of a struggle to deal with this evening ! 
Eight ... 
SEVEN ... 
SIX ... 
FIVE ... 
FOUR ... 
THREE ... 
TWO ... 
Happy Birthday sister who is now on the steady incline ( or is it decline ? ) to old , < PROPFEMALE > Brinker ! 
ONE !!!!! 
ZERO !!!! 
has NOT been carded since she turned 21 almost 24 hours ago and has provided three opportunities for it to happen ... WIN . 
is so excited for this weekend's festivities ! 
all my life I've been good but now - I'm thinking what the hell ? Partying in the Oregon tonight - come if you are of age and feeling the need to uncage ! wwwwwooooo ! 
thank you to < PROPFIRST > Campbell , < PROPFEMALE > Overfield , < PROPFIRST > Eyink , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Cooley , and of course THE < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for an awesome beginning to my birthday weekend celebration ! You guys are awesome . Also thank you to < PROPMALE > Hall for being the best manager of masque ever ! :) 
Come out to masque tonight to help me celebrate my 21st before the weekend is over ! See you there . :) 
can't believe it's monday already ... her birthday stole her weekend - although she can't complain ... it was both fun and epic . Also , everyone survived it . :) 
\ladies - my suclear weapon \"" 
is not ready for week seven - she doesn't need that stress ! 
is taking the online Jeopardy test tonight . :) Wish her luck . 
don't like her women single , she likes her chicks in two's . 
is sick of school and it's making her sick . So stressed . 
Me gusta mi novia . < PROPFEMALE > es muy guapa . Muah . 
wonders in a world suffering why should she be so blessed ? 
is taking < PROPFIRST > Campbell to McCormick & Schmick's for dinner and then is perhaps heading to Masque later on . ( And no it's not a < PROPFIRST>'s Day dinner -it's a one year dinner ) 
wishes this Indian Spring would last forever - and might as well let the weekend stay too - alas ... back to the grind tomorrow . 
actually accomplished quite a lot tonight - still have a lot to get through tomorrow though . :/ 
is taking an LSAT practice test tomorrow after class - and she's nervous even though it's a stinkin ' practice ... sigh ... wish her luck . 
it's 62 degrees ... in February . Let's just nip this winter thing in the < PROPMALE > , yeah ? 
is so freaking ready for Spring ! 
buenas noches . Yo voy a dormir . 
is going to Hofbrauhaus and Hollywood today ! Yay ! 
<-------- Me and my best frannn are cute 
doesn't need to fight , to prove she's right . She doesn't need to be forgiven ... yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah . 
if anyone is looking for a new place - a great two bedroom apartment just opened up next to us . Low rent , nice area ( Centerville ) , no water < PROPMALE > , lots of space . Get at me if you want the hook up ! 
submitted her essay for scholarship consideration - let's hope it turns out as well as it did last year ! 
likes people that aren't judgmental . 
might have signed up for a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > class next quarter ... and a Broadway Musicals class ... 
is off to conquer the bankademics challenge ! 
loves that the company she works for has fun competitions where you can possibly win $2500 and then that two rounds of the competition are held in a restaurant where you get two drink tickets for alcoholic beverages ( on the company ) and like nine million appetizers ( also on the company ) . And that everyone there is just a lot of fun to be around . Yay for my job ! 
hates her long thursdays - class 10:25 - 3:55 , work 4:30 - 8:15 . Plus I have a spanish test today , yikes . But - I do get to finish out the night seeing < PROPFIRST > Campbell play her guitar and sing lovely songs . Come to Pourhaus Project -- 2 hours of musical bliss by < PROPFIRST > Campbell tonight at 9:00 ! 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Campbell is just amazing ! Great show tonight love of my life . :) 
is off to see Unknown tonight with < PROPFIRST > Campbell , momsies , and popsies . Plus - HAPPY 57th BIRTHDAY DAD ! :) 
is really not happy that her sunday started out with vomit ... :( 
feels much better after like nine bowls of soup , four naps , two movies , lots of cuddles , and plenty of water . 
is really wanting her next tattoo soon ... 
is getting excited for VEGAS . Booking flights soon ! 
just lost a little bit of faith in humanity -- Red Team on Biggest Loser -- thanks for that ... how can that happen in good faith ( especially you , PASTOR Ken ) ... sad . 
PAPER = COMPLETE ! I am a BOSS . 
why is everybody so serious ? Acting so damn mysterious -- got shades on your eyes and your heels are so high that you can't even have a good time . 
to go out or not to go out ? That is the question . 
is so tired of being tired . It's exhausting . 
thinks it's actually really nice to have someone to miss like this ... I'm going to look at it positively ... I am blessed to have found the love of my life and to be able to miss her when she's gone because I care about her so much . 
bruised the FUCK out of her foot and it really hurts ... 
The past present and future of gay girls : hasbian , lesbian ( or isbian ) , and shouldbian . 
is lucky to be in love with her best friend , lucky to have been where she has been ... 
was seriously on the verge of tears with < PROPFEMALE>'s love confession ... aww . 
\I don’t think God has a problem with me being gay . I believe he created me gay . I believe that God is a god of incredible diversity . It’s always struck me that he didn’t stop at one type of butterfly or one type of bird . There’s a tremendous variety in nature and I believe that being gay is part of that variety . ” " 
< PROPFEMALE > Toscano -- Holy fuck she can sing -- and is she not SMOKIN ' in that damn dress ?! Idol quality fo ' sho'! 
loves how clean the apartment is ! It's something that actually really calms my anxieties and stress . :) 
this is my winter song ... never felt so wrong ... cause you're not where you belong - inside my arms ... my love a beacon in the night , my words will be your light to < PROPFEMALE > you to me . 
is hoping this weather will make it's stake so we can all be happier , sunnier people ! 
had a wonderful weekend and is so glad that < PROPFIRST > Campbell was back to share it with ! 
is going to see Blessid Union of Souls on friday with < PROPFIRST > Campbell at Hollywood Casino Lawrenceburg ! 
final project for editing is complete - one exam away from a week away from school ... which is not NEARLY enough ! 
alright ... Jeopardy College Edition Test right now ... bring it . 
that jeopardy test went infinitely better than the first one ! 
needs to celebrate IMMEDIATELY after she is finished with her final on thursday . What bar has good thursday specials ? P.S. She HAS the premise for her Law School Admissions Essay ... which is HUGE and FANTASTIC news in her eyes . Now to up the LSAT score to a 179 ish . ;) 
Batman is superior to all other superheros - discuss . 
OH-KAY Facebook ... now we can be in Domestic Partnerships and Civil Unions as far as our relationship statuses go ... This is getting a little out of control . I actually burst out into laughter when I read it . So politically correct , this website ... 
loves the woman she is going to spend the rest of her life with so much ! Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! < PROPFEMALE > la cerveza verde ! 
is working at Fifth Third Bank with < PROPFIRST > Clackner , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and BBJ and then is off to see Blessid Union of Souls at Hollywood Casino Lawrenceburg with < PROPFIRST > Campbell . It's going to be a great day ! 
might have met Blessid Union of Souls tonight . No big deal . :) 
Come on Florida get it together ! 
likes that she's on Spring Break and can just chill out and watch basketball during march madness . Oh and PITT I will shoot you if you lose . 
Well at least BYU is killing it . :) 
so Butler commits the upset on Pitt and then Purdue lets me down against VCU ... AND I have an ex girlfriend that hails from West Lafayette ... Indiana , I can't say you're in my good graces ... I'll take < PROPFEMALE > and the Freijes and leave the rest behind . 
YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME !!!! Syracuse , you are dead to me . 
would actually be completely okay with Notre Dame losing . It'll cost me 2 points but will push some of my other fellow pool players on their butts ! 
alright Florida State , put a hurting on the rest of my pool , take Notre Dame OUT ! 
Every day's a brand new day , a < PROPMALE > to undo my mistakes and be the me I know that I can be . And I know I am not alone . I feel like I was made for more . It's up to you and I to choose to reach for a higher calling . I want you to spread the news , we were meant for a higher calling . 
thinks some people are just born with tragedy in their blood . 
nevermind I'll find someone like you ... 
just kicked butt with < PROPFIRST > Clackner and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > at the Fifth Third Bank Bankademics !! We are the Market Champions , headed to the semi-finals !! 
is getting ready to go work at Fifth Third Bank then she is hopefully going to see Helaina Diaz !!! ( A special happy birthday to my L.A. lover - < PROPFIRST > Stuerman ! ) And lots of love for < PROPFIRST > Campbell , as always :) 
YAYYYYYYYYYY Ohio State lost !! :) 
is laughing that she beat < PROPFIRST > Brinker in the MARCH MADNESS by one point because Kansas lost . :) Oh and she is so excited to spend this evening with < PROPFIRST > Campbell as always ! 
Everyone come see < PROPFIRST > Campbell and < PROPFEMALE > Malchow play on Thursday at The Pour Haus Project 9pm-12am !! Music , Drinks and more ! 
School ALLLLL day ... * sigh * back again ... 
The Pour Haus Project is tomorrow at 9pm ... please come and support < PROPFIRST > Campbell and < PROPFEMALE > Malchow as well as < PROPFIRST > Miller and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Drink specials and live music . Come to Pour Haus in Centerville off 725 across from Melting Pot ! 
The Pour Haus Project is tonight at 9pm !! Come hear < PROPFIRST > Campbell and < PROPFEMALE > Malchow sing and strum while you sip on drink specials !! 
had the craziest day at Fifth Third Bank ever ... so glad tomorrow is a day of rest and relaxat -- wait ... I have TONS of homework . Nevermind . 
had an awesome weekend , especially spending Saturday with her love - < PROPFIRST > Campbell . Hopefully next weekend will be just as wonderful ! Now - I have to keep myself sane and spirited in the interim . 
