working on my niece's hat for a bit longer before dinner and then post dinner , tidying up in either the office or bedroom ( which quite honestly , I'll probably put off again to work more on the hat) ! haha :D 

Sometimes I just want to squeeze my cats : X 
ordering wedding photos ( a lengthy ordeal ) to get this off of my to-do list .... 
is kicking herself for not just adding all the wedding photos to the cart and then deselecting the ones I got from the photographer . I would've deselected only 250 all on one < PROPFEMALE > instead of individually selecting over 500 -_-;;; 
100 photos left to order ! 
wants to kill Walgreens for extending that freaking special at 3:56 am via email when I was up to 3 am ( midnight pacific time ) beating the time deadline . They charged 28 bucks for shipping which is ridiculous ! 
is not happy about going to Wal-Mart again after having spent 4 hours there earlier this week . Alas , I must go to that place and Petsmart for heated pet beds/blankets if I'm to keep my elderly kitties/doggie over at my parents ' house warm tonight . I wish they'd use the heated house we built them last year ! 
is still laughing about her neighbor's cat ( that's very territorial ) being chased down the street by a chastising sparrow . The sparrow was running on his feet after the < PROPFEMALE > and went as close as 3 feet to him ! 
Is anyone else having issues with their facebook times ? Mine is waaaaay off . 
planting a few flowers ... 
Charleston hotels REALLY SUCK . If they aren't outrageously priced , they are in an area where cars get broken into/rooms smell of urine/broken glass/etc . 
< PROPFIRST > rocks because she agrees with me that I have some of the best furchildren ever !!!! 
is reflecting . After years of typically helping/going overboard for others and then getting my feelings hurt when they didn't do the same , I'm determined to treat everyone the exact same as they treat me . Although this equal treatment thing is really trul 
is wondering how two people manage to fall off two cruise ships around FL/Gulf of Mexico on the exact same day ? 
might get a new curling iron to try out for the wedding instead of curlers ... I just don't know if I can use it though ... 
eating , running to the library for < PROPMALE > , reading by the pool . 
just had fun updating < PROPMALE>'s profile and playing around on his < PROPFEMALE > . 
is rushing around like mad trying to get things done while rockin ' out to < PROPMALE > ! 
is happy to see the debt going down down and the savings going up up all due to spending our money conservatively ! 
wow ... its already been 230 days ! 
seamstress , Tux place , woodworking store , Mama's! 
is finally home and pooped from the heat . 
getting ready to head to Gastonia and Matthews , NC . 
home and oooo the starvin ' tummy ... 
is trying to figure out what version of Direct X is on her computer ... then updating her drivers ... 
is over hummingbirds . 
just found out on MTV that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died . I don't think highly of him due to later years , but he was still an icon . I hope those child molestation allegations weren't true , or if they were , that he had asked forgiveness , because now it is too late . 
237 days later ... I finally upload some professional wedding photos ... 
going waaay across town to the seamstress then running some other errands . 
just took Plant to Woodley's . He is our honeymoon < PROPFEMALE > that I may have overfertilized . Hopefully , he makes it . He's a plant with some < PROPMALE > attitude ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s phone doesn't seem to be sending text messages or able to make phone calls .... :/ 
is getting ready to go to the pool with Cat . 
Thanks a lot Alltel for asking your customers if they wanted to be a part of the Verizon Wireless network . I did not > : X . Now , Verizon has no large CDMA network competition . Boo Verizon . They'll < PROPFIRST > up our prices . 
wants to know everyone's good/bad opinions of Sprint . Man , I want Alltel back . 
lunch , poolside . 
is back in from the pool and starving !! 
is really annoyed . When you tell someone your address as Mr. and Mrs. < PROPFIRST > Haring-Padgett , what gives you the right to address it as Mr. and Mrs. < PROPFIRST > Padgett ? For that , I might not attend the event ! :: storms off :: 
is SO GLAD to have a hotel room booked for this weekend . It was REALLY stressing me out trying to find a clean place with no bugs/smoke smell in a safe location for a reasonable price ! 
has a headache from trying to cram so much stuff into this week . Oy-veh . 
is curling her hair as practice for a wedding she is in this weekend . 
is combining a bunch of hair products to see what holds curls the best ... 
is stuffing her face and then preparing for a grueling day of misc . errands and tasks . 
is letting my first layer of toenail polish dry as I pack < PROPMALE>'s clothes ... 
is ironing and steaming my stuff and < PROPMALE>'s stuff 
was almost done with all of < PROPMALE>'s annoying ironing when the daggum stupid iron decided to build up brown residue on itself and transfer to the light khakis ! Now I have to wash them and iron them AGAIN durn stupid IRON ! 
got home at about 4 am from MP's wedding but just letting everyone know we made it safe and DON'T CALL US EARLY !! :) 
is unsure how she feels about putting mayo and an egg in her hair . I can deal with the mayo , but the thought of a raw egg (+ bacteria !! ) just really freaks me out . 
is activating her new phone , going to photographer with mom to pick up framed bridal portraits , taking Arial to vet ( <3 ! ) , and possibly going to transfer car title to her name ! 
Thanks a LOT < PROPFEMALE > for posting that \I like to Move it Move it\ " in your status yesterday . :: Glare :: " 
is dreaming of our Europe trip ... 
is super scoop , super scoop , super scoopin ' ..... 
wishes the weekend with her baby wasn't over . 
bleh errands . 
is glad to be home again . Dang , the sun/heat makes me sleepy ... 
is working on her to-do list with nothing in her tummy but sugary sweet coffee . 
is uploading photos to Walgreens from her wedding DVD ( to make her Mama happy ) and is studying for the GRE ( to make her baby get off her case -.-;) . 
lots to do today ... time to get busy . 
starting dinner then studying vocab some more . It about put me to sleep the first time -.- 
is totally perplexed by her missing toilet bowl brush . I mean , where else but in one of the bathrooms would it be ?!? 
wonders if I'm the only guy that pulled for < PROPMALE > to get chosen ... 
is thinking that she's crazy about her husband . 
is doing some editing and thinking that some coffee would be heavenly right now . The mountain dew isn't working . 
really thanks GOD that her tire blew out yesterday in Lex . going 40 mph instead of on I-20 going 66 mph ! If my plans hadn't changed LAST MINUTE , I wouldn't have been in Lex . but would've been on I-20 going 112 < PROPMALE > round trip from my house to Batesburg-L 
hopes it stops raining before tonight's rehearsal dinner and that the interstate traffic isn't bad . :/ 
just got home from the wedding festivities ... we might be getting breakfast in the morning with the boys . 
is still yawning from the busy weekend ... 
just realized that of all the pictures I took yesterday , I forgot to get anyone to take one of me and < PROPMALE > ! 
is calling tire suppliers ... 
is dragging today . 
finds it bizarre to see 2036 as the expiration of my Richland County Library card . dude . that's sooooo weird and scary !! that feels like it should be a 100 years away ! 
: why are people so fascinated with shark week ? 
Ford Smith is going to be the death of me . 
so I've got to remember that Project Runway will be on Lifetime instead of Bravo from now on . Can't wait until the 20th ! 
is off to get new tires put on and then heading to the library where her \in transit\ " books will hopefully be there waiting to be picked up ! " 
just finishing washing Dumbledore and Holy Moley , although she was only planning on washing Holy Moley's new tires and rims :/ There are now two sparkling beautiful vehicles in the driveway ! 
hoping for a successful DVD burning . 
wants to know how Nero can go through the entire DVD burning process all the way to completion without actually burning any movie files onto the DVD ? 
is baking homemade garlic and cheese biscuits as a surprise for baby . I sent him to pick up my library books :D 
is wondering what the freaking point is of offering a NERO burner trial if the program won't actually let you BURN A DVD !!!!!!! GAAAAH !!! 
is heating up some stuffed peppers . yuuummm . 
is about to permanently disable her cat . 
Why is there an ice cream truck in my neighborhood ? 
is recruitment this week ? 
My brain looks like a tv without an antenna . I'm studying < PROPMALE>'s math < PROPMALE > note books . ----------- ||||||||||||| _________ ---------- ---------- ------------ |||||||||| 
loves cat people . 
is yawn . 
to make a pineapple upside down cake with cream cheese icing or not to make a pineapple upside down cake with cream cheese icing . That is the question . 
is vastly annoyed that < PROPMALE > came home early from work to celebrate our 3 year anniversary since we first started going out . 
feels weird/bad that < PROPMALE > is cooking .... 
knows some people who are going to be heartbroken by Brookes and Dunn's < PROPFEMALE > to call it quits ... 
is glad for the rain but it makes the house rather dreary ... 
oh .. yeah ... I was supposed to be studying . darn facebook ! 
studying while dinner is simmering ... 
is yay ! I have the computer finally ! < PROPMALE > not only hogged the laptop all day to work , but he sat at my desk in front of my computer so I couldn't even use that ! 
has been cleaning all day , and I must say , it's so nice having all of the misc . stuff off of the living floor and to have my stainless steel appliances all clean again !! :) 
loves spending time with just her baby ... 
tired from furniture shopping and hanging out with my Grandma ! 
is wondering ... can I do it ? 
A Russian who loves his bird is a beautiful thing . 
Does anyone have a Norton or some sort of British Lit Anthology I can borrow for a while ? I can't for the life of me find mine at my parents ... 
Does anyone have a Norton , Longman , or some sort of British Lit Anthology I can borrow for a while ? I need Volume 2 , the 19th century onwards . I can't for the life of me find mine at my parents , which makes me so mad because I had so many NOTES in it ! 
is really sad that she can't find a Swatch watch she loves as much as her old one . I wore the baby out :( 
Prayers needed for 12yr old Avi < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > who , after a serious car crash , is now in a critical coma . Pls . change your status for 1 hr so more people can become aware and add to their prayers . We would do it for your son/daughter , please do this for somebody else's son . Thank you . 
know anyone who wants to buy used 14 inch mustang alloy wheels ? My dad is trying to clear out the garage .... 
where the junk is my USB cable for my camera ? I know < PROPMALE > took it for something and put it somewhere : X 
not to be mean , but I just got a petition in my email from Cheaptickets asking me to support open travel to Cuba . I mean , does anyone really want to go to Cuba ?!? 
yeah , so there is a fifth Twilight series book coming out ... 
cream of wheat = cream of nasty cream of wheat and molasses = cream of wheat and more nasty 
Thinks it is crap that my cat needs medicine for possible gastrointestinal cancer and my vet won't call me back ! 
is there anything fun going on tonight in Columbia ? I'm looking for date ideas ... 
sooo since no one has shared with me any exciting things to do in Columbia tonight , I'm assuming nothing fun is going on ? :) 
nachos and cheese !! 
Does anyone else think the actress portraying < PROPFEMALE > is prettier than she was described in the book ? 
just gave her < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > her first homemade sanitary shave and trim . She got a can of tuna to make up for the \ < PROPFEMALE > abuse . \ " :) " 
just gave her < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > her first done at home sanitary shave and trim . She got a can of tuna to make up for the \ < PROPFEMALE > abuse . \ " :) " 
is cooking shrimp < PROPMALE > angel hair pasta and naked ravioli ... 
oh what to eat , what to eat ... 
here I come mountain dew with my lethal straw ... 
Fall is coming back !! That means it is almost a year :D 
am I the only one who doesn't care that football season is nearly here ? 
God protect all of those poor deers . 
showering to get away from the yummy smell of the pork roast in the slow cooker . I'm hungry !!! 
hurry up < PROPMALE > ! 
and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > said , \Let the ants enjoy their grits . \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > thinks it is rude when people support an out-of-state team over an in-state team . Even if you hate Clemson or < PROPFEMALE > , you should still pull for an in-state team to win . Then , you can pull for your respective team during the last game of the season . Your tax dollars support both schools . 
As my husband just said , it is the season for people to be idiots . 
It's really sad that I can even shop for a watch , if it isn't a Swatch . 
It's really sad that I can't even shop for a watch , if it isn't a Swatch . 
is really annoyed with UPS . Something shipped on the 2nd with 3 day shipping won't get here until Tuesday ( 9/8 ) . I understand not shipping on Saturday and on a holiday , but why do my books have to sit in Louisville , KY for over 30 hours ? They could've seriously gotten here by now . My last items that I ordered sat in Louisville for over 24 hours as well . Stupid UPS .... 
I mean .. seriously ? People are against tax payers ' money paying for fire departments . They want to make fire departments private and let the consumer pay for it if they use it ? What if they don't want to pay for their house fires to be put out ( they can collect insurance anyways ) so the fires just spread to your house or a < PROPMALE > . Are the trees going to pay to put their leaves out ? 
NNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! September can't be going by so quickly !!!!!!!! 
I sure wish for a miracle President that would actually put the US back on track , but I think it is impossible . The country is full of too many fractions and varying opinions on what is the right solution ... 
now that my bangs have finally grown out past my < PROPFEMALE > and aren't in my way anymore or sticking out kind of funny .... I'm kind of missing my bangs . :| 
feels like she should do something to celebrate her 25th birthday in a few weeks but is fresh out of ideas .... 
is getting ready for the Gamma Phi Beta alumna meeting tonight ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is a mean pooty butt . 
just spent an hour getting Bostik's Best adhesive off of a bug . 
Dear Lord , Please let < PROPMALE>'s Prodigy CD end soon . Thank you . 
was just told that apparently the FAN CHECK Application is a VIRUS that takes 48 hours to kick in . Even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you . Please inform all you friends and remove/delete the application ASAP . Copy and paste this as your status so word gets around quickly . 
It is always the little things that add up to vastly eat away at you . 
is going through < PROPFEMALE > withdrawal . I've never left her at the vets before , and yesterday at this time , I didn't think I would need to for quite some time in the future !!!!! : ***( 
gaaah I miss college and Gamma Phi ! 
can't wait to pick up her Kali-cat in 3 hours !!! 
shower , food , quick visit to Grandma's , getting my * < PROPFEMALE > * to take home from the vet ! Caesar and I miss her so much !!!! 
when will I ever learn to stop scaring myself .... 
is going through < PROPMALE > withdrawal . I thought he was leaving work over 2 hours ago to finish working from home , but he is still there .... 
just watched the Gossip Girl premiere , and < PROPMALE > and I both agree that it was a bit disappointing . I hope they are building up to a great storyline !! 
so I heard a rattling in my chimney ... looked to see if it was < PROPFEMALE > but no trees were moving ... so then I think maybe a bird ... but lo and behold ! It is light rain ! The first time in 2 weeks even though the Weather Channel has called for it everyday for the past 2 weeks ! 
is trying to figure out how my mom managed to lose every single one of her friends by messing around with her settings . Now that is talent . 
so I will be an Aunt again to another baby girl . My oldest sister had one in December and now my middle sister is due in February . I come from a family of 3 daughters . Anyone see a pattern here ? 
1 week left ....... 
Well , I was excited to calculate that I was 9118 days old -- until my smarty pants husband reminded me of leap years . totally burst my bubble . So I worked on my math some more and now I think I'm 9124 days old :) 
waiting on < PROPMALE > to finish picking out a new laptop so that we can either do something or make some grub !! 
is so glad this morning and afternoon is over . One down , who knows how many more to go ... 
my last 24 hours and 24 minutes of being 24 :( 
11 months ! one more to go ! :) 
finishing up the bushes . Who gave me the clippers knowing that my Dad butchers stuff ? Oh yes , I did . At least I'm not as bad as he is , and the lawn people cut the bushes in the front yard -- the ones that matter . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you will be surprised what people remember about you 
clinging to my last few moments .... 
Happy Birthday Mama !!!!! 
lunch , haircut with a new person ( hope its good -- my stylist was booked ! ) , shopping , relaxing , then getting ready for tonight ! 
is relaxing , enjoying being with < PROPMALE > , and trying to get used to this shorter do . 
listening to Potter and trying to figure out how to make a floral arrangement for my granddaddy's grave for his birthday . 
just got done with Granddaddy's flower arrangement ! 
is annoyed that barnes and < PROPMALE>'s site won't let me add stuff to my cart due to routine maintenance . Why don't you do that at 4 am ?!? 
is glad < PROPMALE > is a software engineer . I love my smart hubby . 
a lunch of fried okra and sliced tomatoes ! yummy ! 
Gamma Phi Beta Alumnae meeting tomorrow . Don't forget to RSVP ! 
making some biscuits so we can eat some BECs for dinner :) 
is stressin ' . 
is thinking that < PROPMALE > Haring-Padgett should fix us some lunch :D 
back home from the GPhiB meeting and starving !! 
so .... Piers Plowman reminds me of something I've read before ... hmmm :: thinking :: 
relaxing and reading Canterbury Tales ... 
Caesar is such a slacker when it comes to cricket duty . 
enough Canterbury Tales for one day ... 
time to actually start the day I suppose ... 
still misses her Gamma Phi Beta flipflops someone stole at her sister's wedding in June 2007 . 
after reviewing Paloma < PROPFEMALE>'s newest dresses , I've concluded that mine is still the prettiest :) 
thinks you shouldn't complain about the rain but appreciate it . Nature needs a gentle pouring of it every now and again to stay beautiful . 
I am going to hurt my facebook < PROPFEMALE > if it doesn't either show whatever group invitation I have ( instead of just refreshing my home < PROPFEMALE > every time I click the link ) or if it doesn't just remove whatever request it is since it refuses to show it . 
getting my laptop battery port fixed , picking up Arial , and taking Arial and < PROPFEMALE > to get their checkups . Hopefully , I'll have a < PROPMALE > to see Grandma -- depends on how the kitties are in their carriers . 
is glad my battery port is snug again ! Poor < PROPMALE > has spent hours over the past few weeks taking apart and putting back together my laptop ! :( 
is annoyed by the group invitation that won't open/show or go away . I just have an eternal 1 group invitation . 
finally home from a looooong dentist appointment ( 3 hrs !! ) ... trying to stay awake after 3 1/2 hrs sleep but that may not happen ... really glad my teeth are healthy with no cavities !! 
is thankful for all of the gentle rain . 
is thankful for all of the gentle rain . I appreciate every drop that God sends , because it keeps my flowers , trees , and grass alive without costing me a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Epithalamium , euphism , caesura , kenning Oh my ! Hudibrastic , hamartia , litotes , dactylic galore ! :) 
online shopping is so hard for me . I have a hard time committing to something , because I wonder if I'll find something even better after I make a purchase . 
oops . My sneezes just scared < PROPFEMALE > , my cat , off the couch :/ 
got dinner simmering and now its time to get some studying done . 
thinks 4 o'clock can't come soon enough . I need < PROPMALE > to leave work to help me stay awake . * yawn * :: looks back down at her binder full of literary criticism notes :: Yay for Marxism and New Historicism . 
is SOOOOOOOOO HAAAAAAAAAAAAAPPPPPPPPPPPYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY with her GRE General's Analytical writing score that she finally got today !!! YYYYIIPPPPPPPPPEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
eating an early dinner of hamburger soup and cornbread muffins now that my baby has finally gotten home AAAANNNNDD watching Eastwick ! <3 
rediscovering why I enjoy < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
seriously ? a third round of antibiotics for my cat's urinary infection after I have to pay for an expensive culture to figure out what the bacteria is ? I mean , how many antibiotics are you going to make my cat go through ??? 
I love my compost bin . I find it humorous that the crickets living in my bin are so fat they probably can't jump anymore . However , must the happy crickets continuously chirp all day long ? Can't they just munch quietly ? Is that too much to ask in exchange for free food and housing ? :: sigh :: 
is waiting for < PROPMALE > to return from our elderly neighbor's house where he is fixing some stupid excel file . When we moved in , I felt bad for him thinking he was lonely , but every time he did something for us ( without us asking ) he wanted 5 things back in return . I hate people like this . 
\Dover Beach\ " never fails to move my spirit ... " 
Moby Dick -- a whale of a crappy tale . 
just can't stop looking at images of the Civil War ... 
is beyond ticked off right now . Vet tech called last Friday and said there was blood in < PROPFEMALE>'s red blood cells and bacteria still in her urine ( after 2 antibiotics ) and that she needs to run an expensive culture to grow bacteria in order to put < PROPFEMALE > on a third Rx for her urinary tract infection . Vet calls today , \They couldn't grow any bacteria . \"" 
is going to kill her laptop if it doesn't stop flashing . The stupid battery light indicator is going \red red red green red red red green . \ " I might be getting a new laptop sooner than I had planned . " 
misses her hubby . I've gotten used to him working at home . I guess I have no one to make me study but myself . :( 
feels slightly bad that she dumped 30 oz of wet , old coffee grinds on her crickets , because they didn't move when she told them to . At least they are quiet while cleaning themselves off >:D 
is looking at her goose . 
is super stressed and overwhelmed about decisions ... doing nothing but going back and forth , back and forth ... If you guys could please pray for me that I will have clarity of mind and peace in my decision , I'd really appreciate it . God knows what it is about :) Thanks ! 
is excited to have a date at the fair with her hubby ! Yay for taking the afternoon off :D 
just got back from the fair a bit ago only to discover facebook has once again been changed . STOP IT ALREADY !!!!!!! 
is SO PROUD that not only did the Gamma Phi Beta Foundation raise over 2.2 million dollars to support girls who would otherwise not be able to go to summer camp , but we also had two sisters complete the Bike and Build this year . Way to go ladies !!! 
needs an Office Depot coupon !!!! Anyone have any or does the place they work for have one I an have ?? 
loves Loves LOVES her hubby ! I can't believe it has almost been a year !!! 
back home from City < PROPMALE > and Whit-Ash . I'm really thinking < PROPMALE > and I both need to gain 200 lbs before we can find a couch that is pretty and fits us . They are all too deep with the pillows angling backwards ! I mean , does no one care about proper back support ?!? 
is annoyed . I want a 256MB ATI Mobility Radeon HD 3450 instead of an integrated Intel video card . However , I want a longer battery life . Why can't the ATI Mobility Radeon be as good about battery usage as an integrated card ?!? Why does everything in life have to be a toss up ?!?! 
so I have to get a laptop ASAP since my battery passed away . RIP < PROPFEMALE > Latitude D600 :( You and your non-wide screen will be missed . :: sigh :: 
barely 24 hours left !!!!! Almost one year my dear ! 
1 year ! 
had a great morning with < PROPMALE > Haring-Padgett as we started celebrating his birthday before work with pumpkin bread , coffee , and presents ! Can't wait until after work for the remaining gifts ! 
cannot stand the noise the coffee grinder makes when grinding beans . oowww .... 
crap . business attire for Founder's Day . 
has got to find some way to sort all of our mail and junk mail ( that needs to be recycled ) . I've been thinking baskets , but I just don't know where to put the baskets ... 
is going to blow a gasket . 
wants < PROPMALE > Haring-Padgett because I need to vent . Not at him , but I need someone to sympathize with me . I still feel like I'm going to blow a gasket over all of this mail crap everywhere and trying to find places to stick crap that I don't use but don't want to get rid of ... EEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRR . 
I tell you people , do NOT donate money to CBN/700 Club . They send you so much mail crap , CDs , DVDs , solicitations for money , etc . I've asked TWICE to not get mail and no one has emailed me back ! Our donations weren't given for them to spend it all on spamming people with mail !!!!! GRRRRRR . 
doesn't really want Christmas to come . I get sad seeing all of the cut trees that will just die :( Of course , I suppose it is better than plastic artificial trees that will never break down in the landfill .... hmm ... I vote we get rid of the Christmas tree tradition ! It is a fairly new tradition anyways ! 
needs to order her hair conditioner from Aveda before midnight ... 
I'm still sick of facebook , but I just wanted to update my status to say : Happy Veteran's Day and Happy 135th Birthday Gamma Phi Beta ! I had lots of fun at Founder's Day tonight :D <3 
thinks her new bamboo floors look so beautiful when they are clean !! My beloved kitties need to stop chasing each other everywhere , because I'm tired of vacuuming up fur bunnies !!!! 
is a little freaked out that she has a ghost cat in her house . I've seen the < PROPFEMALE > at least 5 times , and each time I saw him , I'd think it was one of my cats walking around until I see them on the other side of the room . I'd rather it be a cat than something else . o.O ; 
doesn't like when people take her email off her facebook account to just send them messages to join their other networking or social websites . 
is pooped and sipping some < PROPMALE > Grey tea to hopefully make her less pooped . 
Dear people sending us invitations , if we tell you our last name is Haring-Padgett , YOU BETTER WRITE HARING-PADGETT ! How dare you write us and tell US that OUR last name is PADGETT ??? *** RUDE*** !!! 
T-minus one hour until < PROPMALE > gets home . Hurry up baby ! I'm hungry !!! Two stuffed peppers two hours ago just wasn't enough !! 
is in love with her new laptop . She is SOOOOOOOOO pretty !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3<3<3<3<3 
just remembered it is game day , and I'm getting off facebook before someone irritates me . Thank goodness I have only viewed my personal profile < PROPFEMALE > and have not read people's statuses ! 
I saw something confusing on FB , and I can't find anything on-line to confirm it . Has < PROPMALE > Spurrier resigned ? 
has so much to do today but I don't really feel up to doing any of it . 
off to pick up some supplies for Gamma Phi Beta's survival < PROPFEMALE > fundraiser and getting some stuff from Hobby Lobby for Christmas and my sister's baby shower . 
is really annoyed by < PROPFEMALE > Russe's clothes for not following their own sizing guidelines . Now I have to take the crap back . Warning to everyone , their small ( especially in holiday dresses ! ) is more like a medium/large ! 
is really impressed with Caesar's , her 19 lb cat , jumping ability . He managed to jump on something that even scares < PROPFEMALE > , my little mountain goat cat ! 
is amazed by how many ugly curtains there are in the world and that people actually buy them . 
is thinking she may return all of the stuff to Hobby Lobby and just buy a baby shower corsage ... making one that doesn't look stupid is a lot harder than I thought . 
Dear Obama , According to your speech and what your supporters have said , you are withdrawing our troops beginning in July ' 11 . You feel like this will like a candle under the Afghans ' behind to make them train their own troops to protect themselves . My ? is , why are you waiting a year into your office b4 giving this other country a push to start protecting themselves ? I'm tired of our troops dying over there ! 
is looking forward to hanging out tonight with my GPB sisters ! 
going to Gamma Phi meeting to put together those survival < PROPFEMALE > fundraisers and socialize ! 
is happy ! I had a blast tonight with my girls ! :D 
has a twinkle in her step today . 
putting together/decorating the Christmas trees and decorating the house and at some point the yard ! Oh , and trying to keep Caesar from eating the artificial tree needles >.< . Poor cat .... 
Who knew that one tree would take me 8-9 hours , and sadly , that isn't with all the ornaments I want on it . I have yet to find some perfect shades of purple , maybe a < PROPFEMALE > color , and a green ... 
has Puddly's Christmas tree completed upstairs and boxes back in storage ! Now , it is time to vacuum and mop the bamboo floors and hopefully do a little wrapping while the floor is free of < PROPFEMALE > fur :) I know my sister would have a * FIT * if one hair of cat fur was on her baby shower present ! 
was rather surprised to walk outside and see new pine straw on our beds . I didn't think they were replacing it until next year . 
tomorrow is going to be a gross day for my sister's baby shower . I hate driving across town in the rain ! 
is not excited about getting out today . I hate the cold and driving in the rain ! :( 
is super tired . 
sipping some chai with my boo . That is , after I get off facebook to make the chai ! :) 
is beyond upset that one of the DVDs I ordered on-line for my niece's birthday this Saturday was not genuine ( as product description led me to believe ) nor is it even in good , new condition ! The plastic is ripped and the case is broken ! 
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Kitties can get swine flu !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is blessed to have my beautiful little Kali-cat . I love my other babies , too , but they aren't sitting so preciously on top of the cat scratching post perch with the sun radiating through their fluffy fur and staring at their Mama with love . 
doesn't understand why people still bring babies to parties/events/etc when people are asked to not bring babies . If you're not the host , it isn't up for you to decide who comes . After all , when you spend tons of money putting something together , you don't want a baby to suddenly start crying and destroy not only months of planning but also special , irreplaceable moments . :: sigh :: 
yucky day and shaping up to be a yucky weekend :/ 
is glad the weather channel changed the weather a bit for tomorrow for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday and my cousin's wedding . No rain now , just a mix of clouds and sunshine . Happy Early Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is glad the weather channel changed the weather a bit for tomorrow for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday and my cousin's wedding . No rain now , just a mix of clouds and sunshine . Happy Early Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! Also , we love you Granddaddy and still miss you ! 
is seriously Peeved Off . 
is glad the weather cooperated for her niece's first birthday today and my cousin's wedding this evening . Hopefully , it isn't too cold tomorrow for another wedding ! 
getting ready for wedding number deux . 
had a great but exhausting weekend . I can't believe < PROPFEMALE > Murphy died . That's so sad . She was quite a talented , young lady . 
thinks its rather funny that she has < PROPMALE > humming Gamma Phi songs . 
oh sweet heaven . 
is sad she can't find a plain but not ugly 30\ wreath to decorate in any stores in town :( " 
Happy Birthday Jesus !! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
is glad to have had a nice , relaxing Saturday after doing so much baking on Wednesday and Christmas meal cooking Thursday and Friday ! 
wishes that Christmas wasn't over . 
' s hands hurt . 
good night < PROPFEMALE > . 
good afternoon sun :) 
doesn't really want to go to Hades-Mart today . :: sigh :: 
Four inches of ginormous cleavage is too much to show on Judge < PROPFIRST > Brown . You don't wear that to court . 
wishes she knew how to stop making my wall posts visible on everyone's pages . I could've sworn I deselected that somewhere ... 
is annoyed that a wedding my florist did after mine copied some of my flowers that I designed . The bouquets are remarkably similar , but mine are still waaay prettier . The florist did say that my bouquet was one of her favorites of all times , but still ... the person must've seen my pictures on her site . At least they have exquisite taste ! 
trying to get stuff done that < PROPMALE > normally helps me with but he is too busy to do . He's got to work extra hard for the next week and a half to stay on schedule . 
I got an envelope addressed as : < PROPFEMALE > ..... B ......... Padgett . oh my #W $$^$#% #W ^#$W^#^#$^%W#$^#$% . 
I absolutely cannot stand December 31st of every year . It makes me terribly sad and slightly anxious cared for some reason . 
I hate when the ASPCA commercial comes on . It breaks my heart each and every time and I rush to flip or mute the channel as soon as I can . Those poor babies . I want to help them all ... 
Happy 89th Birthday , Grandma !! though you won't see this message since you probably have never even heard of Facebook LoL ! :D 
is amazed how someone can do something so stupid and shocking at one time and then manage to top what they've done before with something even more stupid and shocking . 
so much that needs to be done today . Every day it just keeps piling up . 
hates when people apply scripture to themselves to protect themselves from being judged by others , yet they don't think of other biblical scriptures or conveniently ignore what the Bible says when they knowingly commit sins . 
\You're wrong when you're dating another person's husband . You've got a lot of nerve .. a lot of nerve . \ " -- Judge < PROPFIRST > Toler of Divorce Court . The only thing I can say is preach on judge preach on . " 
found out what all the colors mean . none ! ;D 
is hoping her neighbor's new satellite dish is firmly attached . It is super < PROPFEMALE > outside ! 
is so annoyed because I can't find my nuts ! 
is super excited about her ginormous wreath she got at < PROPFIRST>'s for a fantastic price !! Christmas come back !!! 
I don't like forward stuff , so I'm not going to tell you to do the same . However , this is completely true , so I post it in the hopes it will remind others of God's love . *** I asked Jesus how much do you love me ? Jesus replied this much and stretched His arms on the cross and died . *** 
feels slightly bad that she gave the landscaping owner a piece of her mind this morning , but I'm still mad that they whacked all 3 of my ornamental grasses down to the ground in the midst of their winter < PROPFEMALE > . Not to mention that they edge too much , which is making my grass recede from my beds ! 
cannot stand the \Mo Money Taxes\ " commercial . It is truly lacking class . " 
can't wait for her hubby to come home--he's got to be tired . He worked 100 hours this past week , and unfortunately , long hours won't end until the end of February ! 
wants your opinion . Is it better to ask 3 professors for a grad school recommendation or get an old boss that works in the field you are wanting to pursue to write the third one for you ? I worked for the employer for a year . Thanks guys ! 
is crikey . I hate when you have 20 windows open in chrome and you somehow accidentally manage to close all of them all at once . 
is annoyed that Guardian insurance only pays the cost of silver fillings . Who wants silver fillings ? I'm not kissing my husband if he has silver fillings ! He'd go off in the metal detector at the airport ! 
is making banana nut bread because I mentioned to < PROPMALE > that I might make some the other day , and now , every time < PROPMALE > sees the bananas still sitting on the counter top , he looks like a sad little boy who lost his puppy . 
8.5 in . :( :: sigh :: 
wants < PROPMALE > Haring-Padgett home right now so I can attack him with a bear hug . 
is annoyed that I'm going to have to reprint my wedding photos . The faces look grainy and a lot of them have green spots -- not to mention my lovely green veil . You know every bride wears a green veil . 
just watched Mulan . It cracks me up so much ! My poor husband had to listen to me sing along : X 
out and about while it is slightly warm before it gets dark and cold . burr :| 
needs some caffeinated < PROPMALE > grey . 
just thought about the Kickin ' Chicken on < PROPMALE > St for the first time in years . I wonder if it is still there ... 
Does anyone know if there was a < PROPFEMALE > earthquake or explosion around 4:15 am this morning in NE Columbia ? I woke up to hear just one item shaking on my nightstand three times . It really freaked me out before I knew what was shaking . Poor < PROPMALE > got woken up by a punch in the gut ( strong/fast reflexes -.-;) when I thought something touched me and I wanted the light on . 
is not happy . Our electric < PROPMALE > went up over 200% from last month . No more 74 degrees for me . Hello 69 :( 
I've bit the bullet . and I'm scared . Where is my cave ?!? 
is thinking she could go broke ordering plants on-line . I seriously find something I like about nearly every plant I see ! 
Dear Lord , if you aren't too busy , I'd love you even more if you made hellebores pop up all over my flower beds . They are truly masterpieces . You did a fantastic job on them . 
Today's goal : Try really , really , really hard to not disturb or talk to < PROPMALE > . 
is bloomin ' bored . I also am not playing with < PROPFIRST > anymore . He is no longer my friend , because he won't beat these two remaining levels . :: glares at < PROPFIRST > :: 
is trying to figure out when Gossip Girl is coming back on the air with new episodes or has it already returned and I've missed one ? 
is a little nervous to use the self-cleaning button on the over for the first time . 
fleece or flannel sheets ? 
is still waiting on the freaking Walgreens people to call me back about my wedding photos ' refund and it has been 8 days . This is ridiculous . 
is home much later than she expected , so breakfast for dinner ! 
was just reflecting upon everything she participated in while an undergraduate Gamma Phi Beta . Man , I even miss the PR and Philanthropy meetings ! 
playing Wii since I can't get motivated to write anything . 
is annoyed that the library closed two hours earlier than I thought it did on a Saturday night . At least I looked before going there ... 
is getting sleepy and wondering when < PROPMALE > is going to want to stop working for the night . I hate to disturb him though in order to ask him ... 
I <3 my VAIO ! 
is really hoping her neighbor's new satellite dish is firmly attached . There are some 50-60 mph winds outside ! 
tired of writing , editing , and revising . Is revising and editing the same thing ? I'm getting to worn out to care . 
Oh what to eat before writing ... 
is freaking mad . I noticed my new kitchen rug was making my tile floor look pink . I washed it twice ( and the red bleed onto the orange and < PROPFIRST > stripes ) and then I stuck it in the dryer thinking it had bled all it would bleed . My freaking dryer is pink ! 
is blooming hungry . 
drinking tea , feeling bleh , and quite stressed . 
really bad headache . 
I really do think sometimes that I'm the only person regularly on facebook that doesn't watch sports . 
really wants some homemade bread of some flavor ... too bad I've got too much to do to make some . 
Okay , not to be mean or anything , but some of this season's models on Project Runway look like bugs/aliens and druggies . o.o ; 
is proud to say she's never shoveled snow a day in her life . :) 
not that I'm going to change my picture to a celebrity look-alike , but I can't think of a celebrity that I do resemble . Any ideas ? 
feels like bashing my head on something . 
Breakfast time , everybody up ! Hurry , hurry ! Breakfast time ! ( sees < PROPFEMALE > feeding chickens in her head ) . 
is slightly jealous that other people have celebrity pictures up . I don't really want to change my photo , but I am curious as to who other people think I look like . I can't think of anyone really . 
submitted !!!!!!! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and the first entry for your name under comments . 
time to put my book down , head to the grocery store , and start baking dozens of cookies ! 
yay ! feeding Barack the Bacteria :) He's my sour dough starter . I've missed doing that the past couple of days ... 
can't remember the last time she went to her parents ' home ... it was sometime at the beginning of < PROPFIRST > . I think . In fact , now that I'm warming to the subject , every weekend I was going to go home , my parents said they were coming to my house to see my Christmas decorations . They never came ; hence my house is still decorated . Mama , when are you coming over here ? It is almost V-Day ! 
gah so much to do today . I didn't like those recipes I tried yesterday , so more cookie baking today ( probably another grocery store run , too ) AND I need to test my sour dough starter . Hopefully , we'll have some happy rising sour dough bread , because then I might can give my professors a loaf instead of two of the four types of cookies ! I NEED to get my presents to my professors as thanks !! 
is c-c-c-cooold . 
Dude , just because my car is in the driveway , it doesn't give you the right to knock on my door all you want -- I'm not answering . If you can see my light on -- great . I commend you for having eyesight . If you were my neighbor , you'd call . You should be grateful I don't call the cops on you for trespassing . Solicitors . How freaking rude . 
My cats and I go together like ramma lamma lamma < PROPFEMALE > dinga da dinga < PROPFIRST > . 
is so mad that she still hasn't gotten her Walgreen's refund . Never order something over 40 dollars from them . If it turns out printed poorly , you'll be waiting for months to get your refund from the \corporate office . \"" 
hates to go out in this cold , drizzly weather . 
so apparently , the third phone call to Wal-greens was the charm . Finally issued my refund . If they could do it within a few hours of my third phone call , why the hades could they not refund it as quickly a month ago . At least the people who work there are nice . :: sigh :: 
eating dinner , because you can't eat cookies all night . :( 
I cannot stand having my home button on the right . 
is doing some cleaning before my parents come over . 
is glad the Superbowl is over . Now just have to wait for < PROPFIRST>'s Day to be over . Such a materialistic day .... 
Does anyone know of a live-in caregiver who could take care of an elderly woman . If so , email me ! 
is craving some sweet pickles after seeing that facebook group name , \Can this pickle get more fans than Nickleback . \"" 
is taking a break from the baking ! Then , back to cleaning up ! I don't think my peanut butter cookies will be chilled in time to make them tonight ... oh well ! At least my two batches of oatmeal drops are done and yummy !! 
peanut butter cookies done ! Now , just the thumbnail cookies to make tomorrow ( err ... later today ! ) .... if I even have room for them in the gift box ! o.O ; 
my poor little < PROPFEMALE > cat was sound asleep when she just rolled off the couch onto the hard floor -- and she hit a table on the way down :*( 
getting all of my cookies bagged and gift wrapped ... 
just went all hellebores crazy ! 
hopes we don't lose power from the ice/snow predicted for this evening . < PROPMALE > needs electricity to meet his deadline ! 
is so glad my professors/boss loved their thank you gifts !! My Shakespeare teacher told me that I should pursue a future in baking ! haha ! :D 
it is snowing in NE Cola . 
is surprised the snow is starting to stick . I thought it would be dark and a lower temp before that happened . 
loved taking her kitties outside . Caesar was by far the most adventurous . He got me back for lightly tossing him into the snowbank by rubbing himself dry all over my legs . :) 
The most intelligent , understanding , loyal , sweet , and simply the best dog died unexpectedly today . Smokey , we all love you and will miss your presence so much . 
is trying not to think and trying not to look at the clock , because when I look at the clock , all I can think about was Smokey was alive yesterday at this time and now he's not . 
is trying to think that God must've had that tree fall on Smokey and snap his neck yesterday for some reason ... to prevent him from dying a more suffering death later on ... but I just still don't understand why ... why couldn't he have just died peacefully of old age ... just why ... he was the best darn dog ever . 
looks like hades warmed over . Red eyes , swollen lids -- even my naturally occurring eye circles are red . 
Life goes on even if you don't want it to . Memories that you want to keep become vague and eventually forgotten . I wish you could pause life or at least store your memories in a safe place . 
how funny that the second I start crocheting I get a call that my sister is in labor a week early . 
My sister's baby born at 2:30 . 
ordering Japanese to-go ! yum yum ! no cooking !! 
time to do my nightly chores ... and to get < PROPMALE > to stop working long enough to sleep . 
is having a hard time motivating myself to drive across town from NE cola to Lex . during rush hour to get to the hospital , which happens to be located at the worst intersection on 378 . -____- 
* yawn * I really want some chocolate ... or gummy bears ... no gummy WORMS ! yum yum yum yum .... 
off to the grocery store so at least the humans in the family will survive for a few more meals . 
was putting groceries from in her car trunk earlier only to discover a carton of eggs in a Bi-Lo bag . She hadn't been to Bi-Lo in a few weeks . oops . 
loves being startled awake at 5:22 am and staying awake .... after we went to bed at 3 ( < PROPMALE > working ) . 
is peeping through her personal office's windows and watching people move into the house down the street . 
doing the kitchen and tidying up a bit before getting ready for bed at 11 . It will actually be nice getting to beds 3-4 hours earlier than normal , especially since I need to let my beef stew simmer all day tomorrow . :: yawn :: I can't believe I've already been up 14 hours after two 1/2 hours of sleep . geesh . 
has the beef stew in the crock pot and a grumbly tummy saying she hasn't eaten breakfast yet . 
is riding the loopdeswoop of coffee . 
says nothing like a cup of hot tea . 
so when I put a cabbage head and old onions in my compost pile , I didn't expect them to take root . They were supposed to rot . 
doesn't understand why < PROPFIRST > Buffet is such a huge deal ... 
Does anyone have any high quality photos of Congaree National Park/Swamp ? Like of the boardwalk/benches ? 
new project time -- something actually for me and not another ! 
is spelled like the rabbit and not the fish . ;) 
https://fourcornersdirect.com/FourCorners/img/products/ComfyToeSocks-med-01.jpg weird and painful looking . 
watched a bit of American Idol for the first time since I saw it in person in ' 07 . The majority of the guys struck me as untalented . I wanted to cover my ears ! I wonder when the show will be discontinued ... 
trying to think of both a romantic domestic and a romantic international destination . 
has a random assortment of songs that won't leave her head . 
just realized I haven't had anything today but coffee and I'm famished !! 
Holy Cow ! It is 7:25 . I thought it was maybe 6:15 ! I need to do the kitchen and start cooking . Thrilling , I know . Now that I know the time though , why is < PROPMALE > not home from work yet ?!? 
I am a horticultural whore . 
is pooped with one disastrous kitchen to still clean . 
I love that my cats take the most comfortable spots on the couch . 
was just browsing our minimoon/honeymoon #1 trip , and < PROPMALE > looks so utterly different then than he does now . It is like I married someone else haha ! 
is stressed and confused . I wish I could help him with his project that needs to be done by tomorrow . Please pray for him . 
today is International Badge Day ! 
it feels like my birthday is coming up , because < PROPMALE > will be done with his project soon !!! 
is happy that < PROPMALE > is happy . Even though I'm not a Vienna fan , everyone deserves to find happiness -- even if it is with a person that you can't see anyone being happy with . 
is obsessively searching for the perfect piece of < PROPMALE > for above the fireplace . 
whoever thought cat owners had reduced stressed because owning a cat is therapeutic has not met my 16 year old cat , Puddly . Dear God , she is driving me crazy with her constant , deep meowing for absolutely no reason . If she wants to know where I'm at , why doesn't she walk downstairs to find me ?!?!? Or , if she is lonely , why does she keep going back upstairs ?!?! She could sit on the freaking couch beside me !! 
I'm never going to get to start my freaking spring garden . 
has \Once upon a Dream\ " from Disney's Sleeping Beauty stuck in my head . " 
is slightly annoyed that one of her favorite painters now has has work being sold at Target . However , I'm gratified to see that the canvas is still extremely expensive . 
Gamma Phi Beta Alumna meeting tonight ! 
Please pray for this beautiful , female deer I saw along side of Hardscrabble Road . I think she got hit by a car , but she is able to move her head around and shift positions . I called the Hwy Patrol , but please pray that if she is just stunned and can get better on her own that she will get out of there before they put her out of her misery . I couldn't tell how injured she was , and I didn't want her to suffer . 
is celebrating my Dad's birthday today . It was technically yesterday , but today is his day off ! 
has the hardest time trying to decide what to do on pretty days . 
going outside to do a little sanding and cleaning around the windows . 
Although < PROPMALE > and I have had the new Wii < PROPFIRST > game since November , we're finally playing it tonight ! 
PETS , Inc -- Immediate Response Needed : We Need Nursing Mommie Cats For 5 Baby Kittens Born Today . Mother Ccat Died Shortly After Delivery . Please Ca ;; 843-452-4491 For More Info . And Pass This Along To Aamyone You Know That May Be Able To Help By Taking 1 Or More Kittens !! These Kittens Are Being Handfed Every 2 Hours .. IT IS IMPERATIVE TO THE KITTENS SURVIVAL TO FIND NURSING MOMMMY CATS TODAY ....... 
painting the outside trim to keep the house in tip top perfect shape ! :) 
loves that < PROPMALE > has worked from home the past two days . I could easily become spoiled by this . :) 
tons of stuff to do today . Baking , cleaning , writing ... where to begin ?!? 
really wants to do some spring cleaning to free up some storage . Now what of < PROPMALE>'s stuff can I get rid of .... ;) 
just got an email that she's been accepted into Syracuse University's grad school program -- one of the top schools in the country for Journalism !! Now , if they just pay for most of it , I can go LoL ! :D Keep your fingers crossed and pray ! I won't find out about merit-based aid until mid-April ! 
is eating her homemade sourdough bread . 
editing a book ... 
is looking forward to a day of NOT getting drunk and wasted . I guess < PROPMALE > and I are a very small minority for our age group since we don't give a fig about the St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day festival ! 
is kneading some bread and baking some muffins before doing some serious relaxin ' . yawn ! 
is thinking that getting up to bake bread at 7 am after just four hours of sleep is way too early . 
heading to Lexington to deliver some goodies to my Grandma and some family friends who lost a loved one . 
sad day tomorrow ... 
is getting ready for a visitation and funeral . 
trying to find your way home on country roads in SC that aren't clearly labeled is hades -- especially when you are going the speed limit of 55 but stupid freaking cars keep passing you on double yellow lines !!!!! 
just ordered my < PROPFEMALE > Mint Shampoo/Conditioner from Aveda . I'm so disappointed that they had only two free samples ( 1 of which I don't need ) this time but at least I got free shipping . :( 
is celebrating her 500th day of happily being leg-shackled ! 
is oddly excited that she participated in the U.S. Census . o.O ; 
is annoyed that Caesar has passed the 20 lb < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFEMALE > has gained as well , though I haven't measured her yet . Caesar has gained over 3 lbs on the latest weight control food . He gained weight w/ the Hills Science food prior to that . I am really starting to think weight control food makes cats fat so that you keep buying it b/c it is so expensive . 
never buy anything from < PROPFEMALE > Russe . I bought some cheap thermal undershirts and one sweater on-line just to use for layering . After one washing , the thermal undershirt edges completely ripped open . The sweater has a hole . I've never seen such poor quality clothing . These clothes should've been free the quality is so HORRIBLE . Not to mention their sizing SUCKS . 
is trying to find bushes for my parents ' yard that grow well in the shade up against the foundation . Can anyone recommend a place for cheap sod and tons of top soil ? or stones to build retaining walls ? 
aww Chuckie got his mama ! 
is out to do some spring planting ... must have pretty flowers ! 
is wishing Syracuse would go on and tell me if they are going to offer me any merit-based aid ! I need to know if I'm moving in a few months ! If I'm not , then I want to order more plants , which is both good and bad -- considering how much I want !!! 0____0 
got up waaay too early and really wishes the sun would come out . This dreary day is not helping me perk up ! 
argh . 
should probably avoid Facebook the rest of the day because every time I see the new healthcare reform mentioned , I get hot , freakin ' mad . The only positive I like about it is that people can't be denied coverage if they have had medical issues in the past . Err . Now that I have vented , I'm trying to forget about it for the rest of my life . 
is breaking her own heart by calling tree removal services to cut down two live trees that I love at my parents ' house . One has hollowed itself out and it is right by the house and the other is slanting so much it would take out other trees in the yard if it fell over . Any good recommendations for companies that service Lexington ? 
You'd think after 25 years I'd have learned not to spin around ... and around .. and around ... whoooaa ..... 
is heading to Lexington to spend the day planning my parents ' yard landscape with my dad . Fun fun . -_- 
needs to work on her yard today , but after doing some stuff at my parents ' yard yesterday and going back there tomorrow ( and this weekend ! ) , it is hard getting myself off the couch . 
is SOOO excited because I might have found a landscaping center with a 20% off coupon right now who is calling other suppliers for me to get me the best price on the appropriate size bushes for my parents yard !! The bushes are finally the right height !!! YAAAAAY !!!! 
is anyone else getting logged out of FB constantly ? I haven't had this problem before today ... 
just gave in and joined Farmville to see what the hoopla is all about . Don't worry , I'm trying to keep my postings to a minimum to not annoy others . If you use that application though , please send me a gift to help me get started ! 
back to my parents'house to continue working . 
It is like Christmas in spring time -- my plants arrived in the mail today ! :D 
is working hard to get my first home in Farmville . Say , what do those pink < PROPFEMALE > corn shaped things mean over the animals and items in the game ? 
Has anyone ever planted Thuja Green Giants in the shade as a privacy hedge ? 
Does anyone know if a plowed/fallow land will go away in FarmVille ? I randomly clicked when I first started , so now I want to make things neater ... 
wishes she'd started Farmville sooner or had more friends that are still actively using the game on a daily basis in order to exchange gifts and fertilize each others ' crops .... :: sigh :: big dreams , small Farmville budget ! 
is really getting annoyed that FV is messing up my gift acceptance and then completely erasing the fact that people gave me eggs ! 
is anyone else unable to collect FarmVille bonuses ? The game has been messing up all day . 
almost done with the bathroom ... just have to scrub the tub and put stuff back . 
is sad that her blueberries withered overnight . Gosh darn it . 
just ADDDOOOOORRREEESSS President Obama for lifting the ban off of oil drilling in < PROPFEMALE > . I mean , what an intelligent , caring guy who is so concerned about the earth . 
would love it if someone visited her farm in the hopes that a free unwither appears for my crops that died overnight ! pretty pretty please ?!? 
Why in heavens name did Facebook have a popup security check ( where I have to type the words that appear ) in order for me to post on a friend's status ?!? 
wants to let all of her non-Farmville friends know that you can hide all Farmville stuff by hovering over a Farmville post , clicking hide , and then hide Farmville only . I don't want to irritate my non-Farmville friends by posting too much ! 
is amazed by the sudden number of relationship changes that all happened to occur on April Fools . :) ~ 
aahhh ... you know it is spring when it is time to paint your toenails again :) 
Sorry for sending that become a fan of Farmville thing to everyone ... I don't think it is legitimate offer by the game makers . I was trying to get out of it ! 
I don't care what other people say , Jesus is the only reason for today ! Not bunnies , eggs , < PROPFEMALE > , or anything else ! It's the same with Christmas , which unfortunately too many people forget the real meaning of Christmas . Happy Easter and God bless everyone today ! 
just got a call from the < PROPFIRST > of Newhouse at 11:40 on Easter Sunday of all things !! I got the merit-based aid I've been praying for !!! I was offered one of two instructional associate positions for undergraduate graphic design ( making more than I did at my last job ! ) AND half of my tuition covered !!!!! THANK YOU GOD !!!!!!!!!!! 
tired after working on my parents ' new retaining wall .. 
needs just two boards , 1 horseshoe , and 1 brick left for her stable . Thanks everyone for helping me out !! 
just needs one more horseshoe and one more wooden board until her stable is complete . :) Getting ready for some sleep . Night people ! 
is going to stop obsessively looking at Farmville today to see if I get Maison supplies so that I can actually get stuff done if I'm moving to Syracuse in 10 weeks ! 
Please join my grape c o-o p ! I'm serious about winning gold ! 
Please join my grape c o-o p ! We really want gold ! and now after being up 18 minutes I have 12 minutes to finish my coffee , do my toiletries , eat , make-up , and get dressed . crikey ... 
grape c o-o p tonight with Shanna ~ feel free to join us at 9:30 ish ! 
gets annoyed when people join C O-O Ps immediately after everything is planted . Unless the original people who were in it forget to harvest their crops , then the new people are just freeloading ! Not nice to not help out ! 
got home a little bit earlier than I expected because of the weather . Working on a retaining wall all day really makes one hungry !! 
is looking around and thinking she likes her house . I can't believe we've already been here a year . Taking out the carpet and adding the stained bamboo floors really took it up an extra step . 
is thinking Farmville is acting messed up again . Where did my new neighbors and gifts go ? 
is loving this beautiful day with her kitties and her husband . 
Please guys continue helping me by sending maison items ! I am just a < PROPMALE > over half way there and 2 days left to do it ! 
doing some stuff around the house . tons to do before grad school . 
now needs just 3 slate tiles , 2 paned windows , 4 weathered boards , 3 clinging vines , and 1 aged brick before tomorrow . Thanks everyone ! Please keep them coming and let me know what you'd like in return !! 
just emailed Zynga , because I'm tired of working my tail off in a c o-o p for strangers who don't seed/harvest/help out at all reaping the benefits of my hard work ! They just join as soon as harvesting begins . That just isn't nice people ! >:[ 
is happy that she needs just one of each item left to finish La Maison thanks to new friends and old friends !! 
We have children going to bed without eating ..... Elderly going without needed medicines ..... Mentally ill without treatment ..... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... 99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! WILL YOU ????? YA BET I WILL !!!!!!! 
Yay ! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Chow , I have enough weathered boards ! Now , I need just 1 slated tile , 1 aged brick , and 2 paned windows ! 
is happy that < PROPMALE>'s sourdough bread has finally risen and can be baked so he can have some of it for breakfast again ! I spoil him , but I love doing it :) 
needs just * 2 * paned windows left to finish my maison and I'm praying someone can still send Maison items because mine have disappeared a full day early !! :: keeping fingers crossed ! :: 
is making some more bread . 
just sent < PROPMALE > to bicker with the lawn care people . I hate them touching my yards , but I have no choice since we're in an < PROPFEMALE > . I wish the < PROPFEMALE > would replace them and hire someone who cares about their work . 
my dad can't keep his mouth shut . I haven't been able to tell anybody about my graduate school news because he's already told them when I've asked 3 times for him to stop yapping his mouth !!! 
is wondering what rock the girl ( who just asked < PROPMALE > Aiken to marry her ) has been hiding under for the past year and a half or so . I may want to visit that rock some day , too . 
they added maison back !! Please please please send me 2 paned windows !!! 
can any one help my cousin with Farmville ? Her name is < PROPFEMALE > Haring , and she needs 5 weathered boards , clinging vines , and bricks . 
needs someone to join her tulip c o-o p and plant 15 tulips ! 
is eating some homemade sourdough bread and then MAYBE painting some quarter round today ... just maybe ... haha :D 
doing some stuff around the house ... lots to do before we move ! 
gah 14 more tulip bouquets in 2 hours for gold ! 
Anyone going to WKHS's 10 year celebration this weekend ? 
is going to be killed by < PROPMALE > because I keep playing the < PROPMALE > and the Squeakquel preview over and over and over ... 
oh my gosh ... more has been added to < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret swim collection ! Oh the patterns and colors ! keep me away >.< !!!! 
so folks , I can guarantee you that I'll be the only Haring daughter this year who will not be having or have had a baby LOL . Congrats to my oldest sister on her little boy due to arrive in August . 
Hey , can any of my Farmville friends befriend/neighbor my hubby , < PROPMALE > Haring-Padgett ? I play his account a lot , and he needs 4 more neighbors to expand his farm . Thanks !! 
is off to cook . I'd rather be farming . ;) 
apparently now when we open mystery eggs , we can find a { 1} ! in our gift box ! o.O ; 
When we move , I will not miss that blasted sparrow that continues to sit on my chimney no matter how often I jet spray him with the water hose . I'm about to send Caesar up the chimney to scare him off , but because of Caesar's size , he'd probably get stuck -.-; 
back home from the Home depot with 50 gazillion paint samples and a step ladder . Oh yeah . 
thought it was funny that she saw a male pizza delivery driver driving a lime green bug tonight in her neighborhood . 
is annoyed that Farmville won't let me send thank you gifts back when I receive a gift . You shouldn't be able to run out of \thank you\ " gift requests . " 
did anyone else's spring basket suddenly look empty in the game itself ? All of my basket decorations are gone ... 
now that the farms can live without me for a while , I'm off to eat and paint . 
needs 3 boards , 2 nails , and 1 blanket and I'm done :) 
lowes and home depot again today . That took up way too much time . 
is sipping some hot tea trying to get some energy before cooking dinner . It was a lovely day to paint outside -- left the hubby out front to wrap up the trim painting . Busy week ahead ! 
is waiting for < PROPMALE > to stop working so that we can get ready for bed . 
why is Puddly meowing incessantly during my coffee time once again , Lord ?!?! 
is back home from the dentist with some pretty teeth once again ! I also found a couple of cool new glasses -- we'll see if I get a pair :) 
is figuring out whether it is better to fly or drive to NY ... it looks like driving ... 
is sipping on some constant comment tea for a much needed dose of perkiness . 
seriously wants < PROPFEMALE > Morowski's yellow ducks . They are so cute I want to eat them . I can't control myself . They are so downy and fluffy and ADORABLE !!!!!!! : X 
feels like it is Thursday or Friday . 
has been grumpy all night -- don't know why ... just one of those nights .. and it was so nice of < PROPMALE > Haring-Padgett to point it out . :P 
is stressed about this syracuse thing . 
has decided to delay the Syracuse trip because the possible future landlord is being a jerk . 
If any of my FV friends need particular nursery items , please let me know :) I haven't sent gifts out today ... 
wishes < PROPMALE > would stop working so we could eat dinner . 
* really * wishes she knew where she was living in 7-8 weeks ... 
is stress cleaning . 
another day ... just believe , believe ... 
loves that < PROPMALE > is cleaning the glasstop on the stove . Now , I just wish he'd polish/clean the stainless steel on all of the appliances !! 
the landscaping people are in my neighborhood again . :: watching over my yard with a shotgun :: 
is anyone's Farmville not loading ? I've installed the Adobe update and it isn't working in IE or Chrome ... 
... and to all a good night ! 
I got an email confirming that Syracuse has received my deposit and to consider that email a receipt for my matriculation to the school . holy cow . I'm really doing this . 
is wondering what < PROPMALE > is doing because he's been in his office for ages and we've got tons of stuff to do today ... 
caved in regarding Farmville's botanical garden . I just like challenges I suppose ... 
For as long as He is on the throne , I will place my hope in him . 
I love Puddly . I love Puddly . I would love Puddly even more if I could toss the meowing old girl outside !!! 
just needs 3 white trellises and I'm done ! :) 
just watched a Judge < PROPFEMALE > in which a 19-year-old was in a relationship supposedly with a 67-year-old . DISGUSTING ! The old man said they were friends . However , I find it quite interesting that as soon as the judge starting asking about whether they were intimate and the girl said she was his girlfriend , the old man legally withdrew the case from the court so \her reputation\ " wouldn't be damaged . Uh huh .. sure ... " 
just called the Clemson Student Phonathon to request them to stop soliciting us for money . I told them that we know where the school is at if we ever want to make a donation . What I REALLY wanted to tell them was that there isn't a < PROPMALE > in hades that my husband is sending Clemson additional money ( because he already paid them for his degree ) since I'm a USC graduate hahaha ! 
feels slightly misanthropic today . 
after debating what grocery store to go to for half an hour , I'm finally off and leaving < PROPMALE > to hold down the homestead ! 
has \My Heart Will Go On\ " stuck in my head for some reason . I can't remember the last time I even heard it ... -_-;" 
is off to see her Mommy , her wonderful Mommy in Lex ... because because because BECAUSE of all the wonderful things she does ... 
If you have any FV gifting requests for the garden/nursery/stable , please let me know :) 
is slowly wheedling away all of the rude acquaintances from my friend's list , and it makes me happy :D 
waterfall fountain ( check ) , bamboo ( check ) , palm tree ( check ) , flowers ( check ) , lots of pretty birds ( check ) . Now I can fully enjoy/relax with a good book and enjoy this beautiful weather in my backyard !! 
thinks that she and her hubby are dorks for measuring our bamboo's growth rate . It has grown an inch since Saturday :) 
the newly released < PROPMALE > Aiken single doesn't do anything for me . 
hate hanging up clothes . I also feel like I need to get rid of some clothes , but I never want to get rid of stuff that might be comfy to lounge around in ... 
is listening to < PROPMALE > complaining about FarmVille . After I watched him slaughter his harvest by randomly clicking in a row , FarmVille didn't harvest a few hundred of his crops so he had to start over . My poor adopted farm ... 
Good night < PROPFEMALE > ! 
thinks all of her friends should block off their Farmville avatar ( if they haven't done so already ! ) so that fertilizing and chicken feeding goes ever so much quicker since the avatar can't take its sweet time walking ! ;D 
is stressed that now Puddly in addition to Caesar seems sick from getting shots yesterday from the Pet Med Mobile person . Please pray that both feel better and start eating/drinking and being their loud selves again tomorrow ... I can't stand lethargic , big-eyed , limping babies that meow in pain . I hope < PROPFEMALE > doesn't get sick , too ... 
just you wait ' enry ' iggins just you wait .... 
CAN EVERYONE PLEASE STOP PLAYING THEIR GAMES FOR 2 MINUTES AND REPOST THIS ... PLEASE LIFT UP THE < PROPFIRST > LABLUE FAMILY . HE LOST4 DAUGHTERS , AGES 2-11 IN A HOUSE FIRE LAST NIGHT . HIS 3 YEAR OLD SON AND WIFE WERE ABLE TO ESCAPE . SHE'S CURRENTLY IN ICU WITH BURNS . I DON'T KNOW THIS FAMILY , BUT I DO KNOWTHAT ONLY GOD CAN HEA ... L THEIR LIVES NOW . PLEASE RE-POST THIS AND START A FB PRAYER CHAIN ! THANK YOU ? ? ? 
is a Craigslist Nazi . If you overpost , are a scam , or state discriminatory preferences , you're flagged like that * snap* ! 
has commitment issues -- except for < PROPMALE > and my cats -- everything else is touch and go . 
what is the best way to remove dust/kitty fur from 2 inch white plantation blinds ? I've tried the vacuum hose with a brush attachment -- didn't work . This wool blind duster didn't work , maybe because it was made for thin plastic blinds ... I don't know if taking them outside and spraying them down is a bad idea lol ! I just want a quick , effective solution ! 
is mourning her beloved trees at her parents ' house that had to be cut down to prevent them from hurting other trees and/or the house . 
is going to kill Chrome and its stupid crashing plug-ins . 
flight to New York booked ! 
would like to tell some people who keep reposting their housing ads on Craigslist ( but don't respond to your phone/emails ) to shove their mediocre unit where the sun doesn't shine ! >:( 
wants a nice , relaxing weekend . too bad that won't happen . 
flew in late last night from NY ! What a busy trip ! 
good night world . I know . It is kind of early for me LoL ! 
is pulled in too many different directions and is going to just go snap soon ! 
thinks it is going to be weird going to grad school as a married lady . I'm going to have to be careful not to be too friendly so that my niceness isn't mistaken as flirtiness -- if that is a word . 
just saw that < PROPMALE > got a foot of damaging HAIL . Those poor cars and flowers !! 
was just three years overdue on her tetanus shot , but at least I finally got one yesterday -- and my arm keeps reminding me of that ! 
On behalf of Pets Inc --> URGENT !!!! One of our microchip dogs have been picked up by animal control in < PROPFEMALE > , GA . We need someone to pick up the dog immediately . If you are able to do this for us , please call 803-739-9333 . 
needs one more friend to help with her barn raising . Man , I'm running out of gift box and farm space ! 
has one pretty farm ! :) 
go figure that when I prayed for rain yesterday , we didn't get any , so I watered my yard . Today , now that I've blow-dried my hair to go do errands for the house , it is pouring rain . 
is hap hap happy !!!!!! 
BP and the government warn that the oil may leak out until August . Seriously ? August ?!? Three months from now ? That's UNACCEPTABLE . Maybe if BP had come up with a viable emergency plan ( that our lovely govt approved of when it was filled with crap that they copied and pasted from an Alaskan emergency plan ) then our poor environment wouldn't be destroyed forever . 
JUST realized how intense the first summer session will be at Newhouse . Holy crap , it really is boot camp -- WORSE than boot camp ! aaaahhh !!! 
good night < PROPFEMALE > that is hidden behind the watery skies ! 
is cleaning out her closet and getting rid of junk . 
anybody want a free baby cockatiel ( roughly 2 months ) in the Columbia area ? One of my Dad's customers was trying to give it to him . It sounds like it might be a < PROPFEMALE > or mix ( yellow , gray , white ) . I already have a < PROPFEMALE > cockatiel that's 14 and would not like company . 
another < PROPFEMALE > with a UTI . Why do my babies get sick so much ? They are the most loved , cared for , and utterly spoiled cats on the planet ! 
HELP ! Does anyone want a 5 yr old black lab mix ? My sister is taking her to the pound -- which I DON'T want to happen . < PROPFEMALE > is sweet doggie but needs a home with a fence . My sister can't keep chasing her down the street when she gets off her tie , since she is 7 mo pregnant and has an 18 mo old already , too . Please help me find a home !! Email iluvsenshi@aol.com . Please repost if in Columbia area !! 
is off to visit my grandma before taking my kitties for their annual checkup at the vet . I'm glad < PROPMALE > is home to keep an eye on Caesar today ! 
Please pray for my < PROPFEMALE > . I need a miracle beyond miracles . Two tumors . One squeezing his trachea . I can't lose him . I love him . He's only 11 . He's my Haus , my son . 
Everyone , please continue to pray for my kitties . They make up my heart , which is feeling quite battered and shredded within the last 24 hours . < PROPFEMALE > is getting another x-ray tomorrow of his 2 tumors so he can be referred to a specialist . They say he is terminal , but I just can't accept it yet . Arial is getting a 2nd x-ray tomorrow too , b/c something isn't quite right in her abdomen . I pray I don't lose her as well . 
was up til 3 taking care of my kitties and now I'm up again to pick up Haus and take him to get his 2nd x-ray and hopefully to a specialist at some point today . I hope they can get the x-ray done and appt made for him . My handsome boy ... 
says thank you for your thoughts and prayers for my kitties . An update about them , most life threatening sick is still < PROPFEMALE > . He couldn't see the cardiothoracic specialist yesterday ( will go Monday ) , so we still have no idea if his 2 tumors are treatable . He is having a hard time breathing . Please pray that he isn't suffering and that we can make him better . I don't want to lose him . 
Does anyone here in Cola have a window air conditioning unit they'd be willing to part with that works well and is reasonably priced ? It should probably be at least 5-6000 BPUs , but the more the better . I want one to help my < PROPFEMALE > with the tumors breath easier in the garage ... 
is trying to not think today . Also , I'm annoyed that FV made it where you can't copy and paste gift links anymore for their collections . How stupid . How about Zynga focus on making the game use less CPU rather than make the game more annoying/difficult for fans to play ? 
can't stand when people use my email for stuff without my permission . 
Some might think this is silly , but please pray for the little green lizard that got injured in my driveway tonight about 2 hours ago . He was my friend that I always chased around my car and even in my car . I found him with red ants on him . I think he got ran over right behind his back legs and the poor guy is oozing stuff . I put him in a box under a lamp and used some antibiotic stuff ( saw that online ) . 
Today is the day that I take Serena/Haus to the specialist . Please continue to pray for him and I suppose us as well . Poor Caesar is sneezing -- I hope he didn't get a respiratory infection along with his UTI . I hate leaving him by himself while I'm with his brother across town ... 
is tired and about to start swearing b/c Caesar needs a new antibiotic and I can't get it unless I drive 40 < PROPFEMALE > . across town to the vet before they close . No closer vet will let me get it from them unless I visit their doctors even though my vet would call it in to them . I wasn't going across town until tonight so I could figure out an easier way for < PROPFEMALE > to take his medicine at 10 . I'm so sick of vet visits !!!!!!! 
wants to bite some heads off . Fur is going to fly ! I'm cranky and tired and hungry and I want HEALTHY CATS !!!! 
Anyone ever tried those Greenie pill pockets for cats ? 
Dear Precision Tune of Broad River Rd , 3 years ago this August , I went to you to get an oil change . You then proceeded to try and scare me/trick me out of more money by telling me that my brake pads were dangerously thin and that I shouldn't even think about taking my car to Atlanta the next day -- the pads wouldn't make it . 
has been working up interest to vacuum for the past two days ... yep , not quite there yet . 
FV is really ticking me off tonight . My account isn't working and < PROPMALE>'s account keeps screwing up . 
is ticked off at Long's Pharmacy on Farrow Road . They've screwed up twice in one day on my cat's aspirin . First , they give me 16 tablets of 2.5 mg when my prescription clearly states 30 tablets of 5 mg . Then , < PROPMALE > goes to pick it up and they want to charge him more than they tried to charge me this afternoon . When I called Wednesday to price shop around , they quoted me 25 . Now , they want me to pay $37 . HELL NO . 
if my mother sees this , she'll be happy to know that my Farmville is still broken . 
thinks it is tragic that < PROPFEMALE>'s changed the side caesar salad . There isn't even bacon bits on it anymore . Anyone who knows me knows that this salad is one of my favorite foods in the world . 
Farmville got enhanced and I'm BAAAACCCKKK !!!!! 
it is a hot day to be working outside . ************** :) ***** 
wishes I could wear the same yearly contacts that I wore for probably close to 10 years . I don't know why they started irritating my eyes . I hate weekly or daily disposables -- such a waste of money ! 
is getting ready to head over soon to my parents ' house to check on my kitties and other babies ... 
is moving in 2 weeks ! 
Got my 75 ( plus shipping if I wanted anything other than free super saver shipping ) for 44 with expedited shipping on half.com . Score ! 
correction because I can't type/think sometimes ! I got \ 
my 76 something textbook ( plus shipping if I wanted anything other \ 
than free super saver shipping ) for 44 dollars with expedited shipping on \ 
half.com . Score ! 
trying to get stuff done . Scheduled an AC appt because the man still hasn't tracked the freon leak in the past 2 months . He's been out 2x & said a month ago he'd be back in a week . Should've known he'd forget to come back again -- he did that the 1st time & I had to call him . 
can't stand how financial institutions have their customer service representatives in another country . I can't freaking understand them , and you shouldn't mess with people's finances ! 
wow . The person our < PROPFEMALE > hired to powerwash our houses/gutters is a REAL piece of work . You can't powerwash a house in less than 10 minutes and then b$%^$ that they were dirty from poorer power washing done in years past . Last year , the man took 40 minutes excluding the gutters and he very nicely came back out and redid it when I had chemicals dried on my siding . 
Why do I always get stuck with everyone who doesn't care about quality service ?!? 
got my hair cut today , and I'm a little bummed . It looks the same as it did before I got it cut ( after not having it cut for 6 mo >.>;;;) just shorter . I don't think she understood that I wanted an edgier cut :( 
am I crazy or did FV change the pisa and fountain favor count ? It says 80 and 60 , respectively , when I thought it was 100 and 75 , respectively ... 
back home from lunch with my sisters , dropping off recycling , and replacing my watch battery for the 2nd time in 2 days . Now , I'm washing my new shirt , jeans , and jacket that my 18 mo old niece got some spots on . She didn't mean to mess up Aunt Sarey's new shirt/outfit , but she just really wanted to throw her sippy cup into mama's tomato-based soup at < PROPFEMALE > Garden . It got in my hair and on my face as well . :/ 
so instead of cleaning up the kitchen which I haven't done in a couple of nights or actually cooking dinner ... I go outside and spend nearly an hour and a half tidying up my front lawn's pinestraw beds and driveway/sidewalk because the landscaping people I pay ( through the < PROPFEMALE > ) never do a good enough job . I'm a < PROPMALE > OCD when it comes to trying to keep my yard perfect looking ^.^ ;;;;;;; 
can't stand when people type \nom nom . \"" 
is really , really , really upset . I was clicking to delete a plot in FV to move my nursery barn to get a < PROPFEMALE > chicken stuck behind it and FV deleted my entire barn . It didn't ask me if I was sure I wanted to delete it at all , though it does that with just a stupid plot ! 
\We can't go on together with suspicious minds ... and we can't build our dreams on suspicious minds ... \"" 
is PSYCHED !!! Anabella of Zynga is fantastic ! I explained that I was moving to NY in a week from SC for grad school and didn't have time to recollect all of my pieces due to the nursery barn deleting incident . I told her I really felt like it was a glitch , and I couldn't afford to buy all of my pieces to rebuild my barn . She made a one time exception for me and gave me a nursery barn in my giftbox ! <3 <3 <3 
I lost my son , < PROPFEMALE > , tonight . I'm trying to remember he is in heaven , but I just am so upset as to what DHEC is going to do to him . He was in a ton of pain and he bit a vet tech who has been vaccinated against rabies . He has never bitten someone before . Please pray that I get him home mostly whole . I can't think he won't be home whole . 
Caesar's UTI is back , and < PROPMALE > is taking him to the emergency vet today . His \ 
antibiotic ended Friday , and I guess it wasn't enough to wipe it out . 
is still working on the casket for my son ... 
is bringing my son home tomorrow afternoon for burial . 
trying to not think today because it hurts too much . 
if I was a cat , I would not want to be my cat . I'd run away as fast as my legs would let me . 
off to take Caesar to the vet -- for the 2nd time today ! 
got back from the emergency vet . They are keeping Caesar overnight to make sure he can urinate . On the bright side , at least the emergency vet is in the same building as the specialist , so they can just transfer him tomorrow morning without me having to take him for his ultrasound at 10:30 am ! 
Well , Caesar is having surgery today . They are making my boy a girl pretty much so he can't get blocked again by stones/crystals . My poor son . 
is trying to figure out how < PROPMALE > and I are going to move up to NY in 2 trips now that Caesar needs to remain in Cola for some extra time to recover from his surgery ... 
is pretty darn tired today . 
misses Caesar but kind of hopes he stays another day at the surgical vet's place ... his poor bum looked all bloody and icky when I saw him earlier ! I do believe he is everyone's favorite patient right now though . They were all gushing over how sweet , beautiful , and loving he is . Proud he's been behaving well :) 
Okay seriously ? I've been waiting 10 minutes to just get a price quote on 5 tires from Tire Kingdom for < PROPMALE > ! Who needs to get a manager to give a price quote ?!? 
wants to say some expletives . Am I understanding everyone on FB by interpreting that USC is playing Clemson ? I thought I only had to deal with that in football . I can't stand the tension/rivalry . It isn't good for my marriage , because I can't stand rude comments about USC made by Clemson fans . It in turn makes me want to hate on my hubby's < PROPFEMALE > mater , because I'm defensive and territorial . 
loves < PROPFEMALE > but is really annoyed at her for hissing and hating on Caesar -- her brother . He can't help he might smell a little different and that he walks funny because of his lampshade/harness contraption :( 
is doing some packing ... 
will always remember and never forget you Hausy . One less week until we see each other again handsome boy ! 
one week . 
lots of stuff to do today -- let's see how much I actually get done -_-; 
packing packing PACKING !!!!!! gaaaah so much to do !!!!! 
thinks the worst thing about spot bot is a tie . It is either that the vacuum hose will leak a bit when sucking up stuff ; or , it is the incessant beeping when it is done cleaning . I'll turn you off in a freaking minute !!! 
is going through English withdrawal ... I always wanted my PhD in it , but I need a job , too . :( 
I'm not a huge sports fan , but I'm so proud of the S.C. baseball team for beating UCLA ! Go cocks !!! 
is cursing Newhouse out for adding MORE homework to the tons they've already given us . Don't they know some of us are trying to move across the freaking country ?!?! I should've started the homework earlier , but I didn't want to forget anything I read ! GRRR !!!!!!!!!!!! 
is getting a crick in her neck from reading journalism hw so long ... 
Hallelujah ! No third game ! Feel bad for UCLA's fans/team but really happy for our team and how hard they worked ! 
My husband must really love me to not ban me from the garage ( and be mad ) . Who knew that a dust collector could suck up a small bottle of Rain X in a cardboard box that was 3-4 in away ? Sad thing is he had just told me to be careful . I turned it off as fast as I could . There blew saving him time . Anyone know if Rain X can ignite in a dust collector if a piece of wood hits the fan blade and makes a spark ?!? *** :/ 
wants to know why no one in Columbia ( possibly the state ) or even Amazon.com has the 2010 edition of the AP Stylebook . It has been a month people ! 
Who provides electricity in Syracuse ? Is there just one provider ? 
Thank God the house we're renting already has the power turned on ( so we can get a meter reading and transfer it on Tuesday to our name ) . Otherwise , we'd be moving to a place with no power . Go me for remembering on a Friday evening at 5:45 that I'll need power that weekend -- especially since they are closed on Monday ! 
has had an insane three days . 
sure wants the old version of the < PROPFEMALE>'s caesar salad . It was so mean of them to take my beloved salad away from me and turn it into that nasty asiago cheese caesar salad with lemon caesar dressing ! The kicker is they went up 20 cents in price for that ickiness as well ! 
this is turning into a not so great day . Caesar is annoying the hades out of me because I had to lock him up in the bathroom again for urinating where he isn't supposed to . I feel bad that he got stressed when we went to NY , but seriously , shut up please !!! I thought he was getting better since he had his stitches taken out yesterday ... 
is trying to motivate myself to stay focused and unpack . 
would rather go to the library to pick up a book waiting on her so that she could be absorbed by it rather than finishing unpacking .... hmm unpack so we have cooking stuff and can get groceries or read .... that's a tough one ... 
just took Caesar's lampshade off after nearly 3 weeks of it on . I thought for sure he'd start licking his stinky nether regions first , but noooo .... he is obsessively licking his upper regions which were kept clean by us using baby wipes . 
Thanks for the rain , Lord . I appreciate free water any day during the long , hot summer days . 
is working hard on solving the case of the missing potatoes . 
is breathing but really wishes she had a break right now from life . I'd love to go to some pretty , quiet , tropical beach and just soak up the rays with a good book ... oh and < PROPMALE > of course ... : sigh : ... that'd be heavenly . 
thinks Caesar looks naked without his harness and lampshade on . I'm going to miss saying \Whattup Lampshade ?? \ " to him .... :( " 
wishes she had some strawberry bushels and a needler's thing for the country collection . 
< PROPMALE > is holding my computer hostage because my wrist hurts . He's harvesting my c o-o p strawberries but I won't be able to plant anything else to finish the c o-o p up like I was planning . :( 
showering , baby shower errands , and then furniture shopping with Big G ! ;) 
Please pray for my < PROPFEMALE > Arial . I stopped by my parents ' house this evening and noticed that her neck/throat was swollen and hard feeling . She is at the emergency vet right now . They are doing a lot of tests/xrays because they don't know what is wrong with her . 4 weeks ago tonight I put my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > asleep in the same room they put Arial and me in . I can't lose another baby or have another one seriously sick : **( 
is praying Arial's swelling goes down with her antibiotic ; otherwise we need to do an ultrasound of her throat/head at the end of the week . She is just so weak and pitiful looking :*( I'm keeping her in the hall bathroom because I don't want her to expend energy trying to walk around a new environment . 
is anxious . I can't tell if my < PROPFEMALE>'s swelling is the same or getting worse . I just know she looks like she feels so bad , especially with her watery , half-closed eyes and dripping nose that is bone dry on the exterior . I don't want to jump the gun by taking her to the vet and not giving her antibiotic time to work , but I also don't want something else to be going on and give that something else time to get worse .... 
is sitting on the couch with Arial beside me . She went to the ER last night to get an appetite stimulant and some fluids . Her appetite hasn't really cranked back up . < PROPMALE > and I love feeling like mean parents by squirting water and blended < PROPFEMALE > food into her mouth with syringes . :/ 
yay for rain on watering day ! Hopefully it will be enough ! 
just got home from a long but brisk walk with the hubs . I sure wish the pool was still open ! 
eating dinner and then taking Arial to the ER vet for the third time this week . Apparently , she should be eating on her own now since she's been on an appetite stimulant the past 48 hours ... 
My < PROPFEMALE > , Arial , is critical . PLEASE pray for her and that < PROPMALE > and I will make the best decisions regarding her care . She's getting a blood transfusion right now . Her white blood cell count has skyrocketed since Saturday when her blood work was normal . I want her feeling well and happy and in my lap for as long as God will allow me to keep her ... 
I lost the sweetest , sassiest , ruler of them all < PROPFEMALE > tonight . I love you < PROPFEMALE > and miss you already . 
You know , most of my family didn't want to see Arial yesterday before I put her to sleep . I didn't want to have to do that -- to tell someone to kill my little girl . However , that is what makes me her Mama and not anyone else . I was there for HER no matter the pain it cost me . That's what a Mama does ... she sacrifices for her child . I just never expected to have 2 babies die in my arms in under 5 weeks . 
was hoping to get Arial's casket built tonight so I could start staining it but < PROPMALE > started feeling really sick outside working on it . :( 
is working on my little girl's ( Arial , see profile pic ) coffin . I'm still in the sanding stage -- I want it to be as smooth as possible before staining it a rosewood color . 
< PROPMALE > and I were up to four am and then he got back up at 9 to work on Arial's coffin trying to get it done so we could have her service today . I think it will end up being tomorrow considering how many stains of coat and polycrilic I need to apply and how long you must wait in between coats :( . 
loves storms but they are messing up everything right now . 
is hoping to get one more clear coat on the casket a bit after midnight before hitting the sack ... 
is thankful that God provided us with a beautiful evening and kept the severe thunderstorms at bay so that < PROPMALE > , Dad , and I could bury my sweet girl . I've been worried about that all week . 
is having one of those days where there is a lot of house stuff that I'd like to do , but I just can't seem to decide and focus on what to actually get started doing ... 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > made a pretty bride ! Her dress/hair/veil really looked beautiful , classy and elegant ! 
just tried on my wedding dress again -- tomorrow will have been 21 months ! It still fits , but I honestly thought it might be a < PROPMALE > looser . However , I guess you don't really lose weight in the rib cage area LoL ! Man , my seamstress made it tight up top !! 
wants the beef stew in the crock pot . Badly . I've only eaten a 6 pack of crackers today !! 
has her fingers crossed that Puddly's blood work and urinalysis test results come back tomorrow showing nothing but normal functioning organs ! She is my 17 yr old sassy calico girl :) 
is really thankful that Puddly's kidney level is high but still normal and that her thyroid is functioning well . That's some good < PROPFEMALE > news finally :) We're still getting her some x-rays tomorrow to make sure her lungs/GI tract look good . She's had some wheezing and a weak appetite lately . 
I've looked at Target , BB&B , Pier 1 , < PROPMALE > Pennys , Dillards , Sears , World Market , Belk , Ikea , Overstock.com, and many other places for a pretty contemporary shower curtain and regular window curtains . Any suggestions for further places to look ? I'm getting frustrated . 
in less than half an hour , my baby girl , Arial , will have been in Heaven for 2 weeks . Tomorrow will be 7 weeks for < PROPFEMALE > . When I got the mail a bit ago , I started crying because the internal medicine vet who saw < PROPFEMALE > first (& Arial and Caesar ) made a donation to a veterinary foundation in honor of my boy , < PROPFEMALE > . At least something beautiful came out of his death other than he isn't in pain anymore . 
had fun at my neighbor's graduation party last night . < PROPMALE > and I met lots of new people -- good to get out for a while and socialize -- and by a while , we mean 3:30 !! 0.0 ! 
forsees a problem if her growing obsession for bird decor doesn't get curbed . Birds , birds , birds everywhere !!! 
four years ago today < PROPMALE > and I became an \official\ " couple . haha :) " 
is wondering how much more is going to be thrown at < PROPMALE > and me . That white area in Puddly's lung x-ray is still there after her steroid shot , so we have to take her in to see Dr. Weinkle . I pray it is easily treatable and not serious -- like cancer . I've already lost two babies since June 19th and had one seriously sick during that same time period . :*( 
thinks it is funny that the Mt . < PROPFEMALE > pickle company is located at the corner of cucumber and vine ! :D 
holy flippin chihuahua . I'm glad I took my long-sleeved fleece shirt off before going outside ! 
If everyone could put my < PROPFEMALE > , Puddly , in their prayers , I'd appreciate it ! She is 17 and we are seeing a specialist tomorrow regarding something that showed up on an x-ray in her lungs . I don't know what it is , but I really need her to be okay after losing 2 other kitties in the past 8 weeks . 
Poor Puddly has joined the shaved belly and side < PROPFEMALE > club . We find out on Tuesday what that large shape is in her lung on Tuesday . Thankfully , Dr. Weinkle was able to asperate it using a needle to collect a sample . Hopefully , it is something benign and not cancer . :( 
is glad to be < PROPMALE>'s personal genius . ;) 
is getting a darn headache and this gray , dreary weather isn't helping me stay awake . Plus , we can't get the house stuff we need to get done with the rain right now ! 
is trying to figure out what to do today . Third day of having this headache/sinus pressure . I was going to go to Lex to see Grandma and < PROPFEMALE>'s baby for the first time , but Mom said it would be better not to still in case I have a slight cold and it isn't just my sinuses . :/ More advil coming up after brunch . 
The vet left me a message an hour ago . Puddly has cancer . Another baby with cancer . Tomorrow , we will discuss what is best for her . I love her so much and it is going to be really tough making these sorts of decisions ( surgery/chemo ) for my tough , 17 yr old girl . 
taking Puddly tomorrow to the oncologist . Trying to not be overly optimistic because there is no such thing as a magic wand in this world and God has felt the need lately to take all of my babies home . 
wishes that my < PROPFEMALE > being sick with cancer didn't coincide with recruitment . I was hoping to help out the chapter ! 
has a bad headache . I just can't stop crying over Puddly and what to do . I was hoping for clear answers today at the oncologist visit , but of course , Puddly would be one of the hard cases you don't know what is best to do for them . 
is annoyed < PROPMALE > Haring-Padgett . I told him to not let me out of the kitchen without taking the pork loin out of the freezer last night . He let me out . grrr !!! Now I have no meat for dinner ! 
has come to realize she's attracted to the absurd . 
I get annoyed as hades at getting the same junk mail over and over . This state farm guy keeps sending me crap , so I'm going to start spamming his inbox until he removes me like I requested via phone months ago . Take that tree killer ! 
Anyone have an Alltel LG Banter that works great for sale ? My mom messed hers up ... 
is trying to think of any stores in the NE that has a solid pink , green , or yellow dress . I've looked at Kohls , JCP , Belk , and < PROPFEMALE > Russe ... 
stressed . 
wishes she could've helped this week with Gamma Phi and REALLY wishes she could make it to bid day to see all of the little ones ! Why does everything always come at you at once ?!? 
is still struggling with figuring out what to do for my < PROPFEMALE > with cancer . 
apparently Swamp People aired on the History Channel last night . I'm sorry , but I have no < PROPFEMALE > to watch people kill alligators . I understand some people hunt solely for food ( which is fine ) , but for those that do it just because they enjoy it , it makes me sick . It is only \sporting\ " if you give the innocent animal a gun/arrow so it has a < PROPMALE > to defend itself . " 
taking Puddly to the vet tomorrow for some more x-rays . If her cancerous tumor has grown since last week , there really is no point in doing a CT-scan and surgery . :( 
It is drag yourself to the grocery store day . Blah . 
After going to all of the trouble of organizing coupons and getting coupons , I sure hope I remember to use them at the grocery store check-out . -_-; 
* yawn * time to make dinner .... 
is annoyed because I can't seem to accept all of my gift bushels . I either get a gift unavailable or that I don't have room for them ( untrue ) . Anyone else having that problem in FV ? 
is really sad because her < PROPFEMALE > with lung cancer/tumor is starting to meow differently . 
kind of thinks it is crap that I got Verizon's equivalent of my mom's broken Alltel phone ( which we are under Alltel's contract still ) but Verizon made me change my mom's texting plan to one that was more expensive . Why on earth does getting a new phone affect the texting plan ?!? Verizon just always wants more money from us Alltel customers . The full retail price for the phone just wasn't enough $$ for them . 
is going to make herself sick over this CT scan/surgery decision . 
vacuuming and mopping ... a fantastic way to spend a Friday evening . I can't feel too sorry for myself though because I put it off all week lol ! 
thinks God gets a kick out of baiting my temper . It probably gives him a good chuckle . EVERY time I check the weather for rain ( before watering my lawn ) , and there is little or no < PROPMALE > of rain , it always ends up raining after I am done . GRRRR ! I just know if I didn't run it , there would be no rain even if the TWC called for a high percentage !! 
is about to drive myself crazy ( and < PROPMALE > ) trying to choose a color . 
Please everyone pray for < PROPFEMALE > -- she's having a CAT scan today to look closer at her cancer to see the type and if it has spread out of her lungs . Please also pray that going asleep doesn't drop her blood pressure too much where it might cause kidney failure . Thank you !!! 
Please pray for < PROPFEMALE > ! She is having a lobe removed from her lung today to get the cancer out within the next hour . We hope and pray she heals quickly and that the anasthesia doesn't harm her kidney function ! 
is thinking she should apply to be the animal control officer in Lexington . I might get fired though after a while when I've never found any animals to be placed in the pound . >:D 
Holy Cow ! Obama's 12-yr-old daughter is 5'9\!!! " 
is amazed that her husband was able to figure out how to set up a webcam at my Grandma's house that we can watch from our homes to make sure she is being taken care of well . 
Anyone know of a person looking for a caregiver position ? My Grandma needs someone to live with her . Housing , food , utilities included in addition to pay . 
Puddly is home and doing better than I thought she'd be doing ! Now I just need to get her eating again . 
it took me 15 minutes to explain to my Grandma's caregiver how to get the TV to read channel 3 so that the cable would show up versus what she called ants . She couldn't get it using the remote and FINALLY could figure out how to change the channel on the tv itself :: deep breath :: 
is outside with the hubby eating some homemade chili and biscuits while enjoying the lovely weather and listening to our fountain . It is such a pretty evening ! 
just sent a big tub of chili and rice over to my Grandma's house with < PROPMALE > so that we can eat something other than chili for the next 4 meals ! 
Puddly is like , \Hello world . I'm baaaaack ! \ " :D " 
In case you're like me and haven't been paying much attention to the fall line-up , < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model starts tonight on the CW ! 
feels really bad . In my attempt to figure out if this round thing in my garden was a green anole egg , I rolled it around to look at it better . Well , I just read online that this drowns the embryo . I love the little lizards and certainly didn't mean to do that :*( . 
Today\ 
is the first day I've been home for the entire day all week and I'm bored to bits ! Come on\ 
< PROPMALE > \ 
Haring-Padgett and get home !!! 
is trying to figure out something not too expensive that I want for my birthday . We were going to Europe this fall , but after having spent the equivalent of 4-5 nice European trips the past couple of months on vet bills , we really don't want to spend a lot on b-days ! Although I could practically taste going to Europe , I'm glad that I have at least 2 of my kitties still around . Europe can wait -- my babies couldn't! 
\Martha < PROPMALE > is doing pretty well as a convicted felon . \ " I have got to agree with < PROPMALE > . She's even selling furniture now at Home Depot ! " 
Do\ 
any of us really know every body on our Facebook friends list ? Here's a\ 
task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about \ 
how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do \ 
the same to you . You'll be amazed at the results you get ....... 
just had a < PROPFEMALE > hop up to my back porch to munch on my plants and my BLIND CAT did not see the < PROPFEMALE > even though I put my cat up to the door . It took him 5-10 seconds to see the < PROPFEMALE > two feet in front of him . and this is my cat that stares all day outside looking for lizards . geesh ! 
Put\ 
this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER(s ) in the \ 
world ?  **  .  .  **  ?? 
chemo day for Puddly . I hope it goes well over the next several days ... 
just got home with Puddly cat a bit ago from her first chemo session . She seems to be doing okay for right now . I might should get some < PROPMALE > Grey tea though if I want to stay awake long enough to keep an eye on her ! tired !! 
and the best USMC Mudrun team name is .... \It Was A Good Idea In January . \ " hahaha !!! " 
September\ 
is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member and \ 
friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who \ 
continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who \ 
has or had cancer . \ 
\ 
May is the official pet cancer month . Many pet owners do not know that more cats and dogs die of cancer than any other disease . 
My birthday is a week from tomorrow , and once again , I can't figure out how to celebrate it ! 
Please\ 
everyone pray for my Great Aunt < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . The doctors say she hasn't \ 
much longer to live . She isn't eating/drinking and she has pneumonia . \ 
She is several years younger than my Grandmother , who is quite upset . I \ 
was really hoping < PROPMALE > could get to meet my Grandma's two sisters to see\ 
how sassiness is hereditary ... 
I hate when I see people that supposedly care about me comment on other people's statuses ( that are often inane ) , but when I write something that is important and happening to me about my loved ones , no reply at all . It really ticks me off . 
Puddly had her second chemo session yesterday ( the tougher of the two treatment types ) . She seems okay for right now , but hopefully she won't be nauseous on days 3-5 ! :( < PROPFEMALE > has a bad cold in addition to her skin problem . I hope Puddly doesn't catch it from her , because she is starting to sniffle . I'm so tired of everything happening to my kitties ! 
< PROPMALE > is going to Wal-greens on his way home . Now what type of chocolate < PROPFEMALE > bar do I want ... LoL :D 
Okay , so did anyone else have more than one nursery barn ? Zynga removed my second nursery barn , put my animals in my giftbox , and gave me a 100 farm cash . I'm a little annoyed that this came out of the blue , but I like the cash ! 
thinks it is funny that on a wall post in which you were supposed to share what you like most about October that someone wrote Thanksgiving ! yeah .... 
Happy Birthday , Mama ( < PROPFEMALE > Hutchinson Haring ) . I love you and wish I could post on your wall but Facebook is stupid !!! :D 
loves drinking coffee and having my Grandma belting out in the most off-key manner \Happy Birthday\ " to me over the phone . :D " 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! It means a lot :) Now , off to IKEA for the first time ! 
is enjoying the birthday http://apps.facebook.com/bdayecards/viewcard/22375854?src=s 
is enjoying her new copy of Adobe Creative Suite 5 Premium edition that < PROPMALE > got me for my birthday . Oh programs , how I've missed you so ! 
go me for putting beef boullion cubes in a measuring cup and microwaving it without one important , < PROPFEMALE > detail --- water . At least the micro is okay . The smell will fade . -.-; 
soooo tired of working on my computer . 
trying to meet my Greg-imposed deadline ! 
is not getting why Minka < PROPFIRST > is the \Sexiest Woman Alive\ " according to Esquire . She isn't any more attractive than dozens of other women . " 
Happy Birthday up there < PROPFIRST > Baggott ! 
wishes < PROPMALE > had been born on another date . I like our anniversary being on November 1 , but it is rather inconvenient of him to have been born on November 3rd , especially since I have to think of TWO special gifts at practically the same time . How selfish of him ! ;) 
I don't understand why people get a thrill out of killing animals and then sharing their slaughter with the world on Facebook . I can't stomach seeing photos of killed animals on Facebook -- it makes me too sad . People should realize that putting pictures of a killed , bloody ( most likely ) deer is the same as putting pictures of a murdered person on Facebook -- it is the same thing to me . 
Well poo . Apparently the Superpetz on Decker Blvd has closed since I was there early this summer . So much for seeing if they still carried the same aquarium hood/lighting for my 75 gallon ... 
I don't suppose anyone has a cheap but gently used 24\ black aquarium hood ? My 20 gallon needs a new one ... " 
So , what's going on Halloween night in Columbia ? Trying to figure out if I should bother ordering a costume now that we'll be in town that night ... 
dreary day but I'm thankful for the rain and the fact that < PROPMALE > is at home working so that I just don't fall asleep haha :) 
thinks it is sad that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has earned more money this past year than any other actor or musician ( dead or alive ) . Too bad he couldn't have earned that money when he was living in order to get out of bankruptcy/debt . 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status or even acknowledge it . Be one of the 3% to like it , and put this as your status , at least for an hour . October is Cancer Month for people , but remember that more animals die of cancer than any other cause ! 
I don't know how I got suckered into cleaning the master bedroom's carpet with the new steam cleaner . < PROPMALE > says I volunteered . I apparently wasn't thinking about what I was saying . God bless people who clean carpets for a living . I couldn't do it . 
Does anyone know when people are celebrating Halloween in Richland County/Sandhills area ? 
The neighborhood is pretty quiet ... 
Happy Anniversary to me ! Happy Anniversary to < PROPMALE > Haring-Padgett ! Happy Anniversary to us ! I'm so happy to be stuck with you !!! 
Thank God Wal-Mart is not cheaper than Target for one of < PROPMALE>'s birthday presents . I really did NOT want to go there !!! 
is excited about < PROPMALE > Haring-Padgett's birthday tonight !! I hope he likes his presents ! :) 
After having a lot of fun last night at < PROPMALE>'s surprise ge t-t ogether last night , this is too early to be up , showering , and taking Puddly to chemo across town . Darn me for making my dentist appointment today as well . : sigh : . 
has had a fantastic week so far : Mon . was celebrating my anniversary with the hubs , Wed . was celebrating hub's b-day with a surprise ge t-t ogether w/ his friends , and Thurs . I continued my no-cavity ever streak at the dentist in addition to finding out Puddly's cancer is in REMISSION !!!!!!! I pray she beats it and it never comes back !!! Thank you God !!!!!!!!!! :D 
thinks it is hilarious every time < PROPFEMALE > ( one of my kitties ) goes after < PROPMALE>'s hair . She LOVES trying to eat it ! 
< PROPMALE > Haring-Padgett is drinking his coffee and walking around the house in the birthday hat I made him featuring curly ribbon and streamers . His birthday was on Wednesday . That's my strange Baby . :) 
trying to put my thinking cap on but it won't fit today . 
just beat < PROPMALE > on a free online version of Guess Who . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > N . Grantham for reminding me of that game !! 
Does anyone know if D's Wings in Cayce/Parkland Plaza is open on Sundays ? They aren't answering the phone , and they don't provide hours of operation on either their site or voice mail system .... 
nice . My Farmville horse stable just completely disappeared at some point and I just realized it when I went to hold a wandering stallion . 
has a big decision to make and can really use some prayers ! 
is anyone else having a hard time getting emails to an AOL account today ? All day my emails have arrived several hours late ... 
tomorrow is GPB badge day !! 
is excited to announce that after a long , research-filled interview process and having received 2 great job offers on the same day from 2 different departments of the same company , she now has a job ( as soon as I sign and return the formal offer) ! :) 
just sent in my formal acceptance for my new job ! :) 
I absolutely cannot stand talking to support people for computers . They never want anything to be a hardware problem . Sony , I'm not erasing my entire computer just to see if my left click mouse button works all of the time after that . It isn't the driver either . Now just replace the dang thing ! 
trying to get a ton of stuff done before heading to our cabin in the mountains tomorrow for our anniversary trip ! 
is kind of amazed that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s engagement isn't all over the news ... 
TRYING to go to the mountains if < PROPMALE > would ever stop working on his day off ! >:| Thanks Mama for staying at my house with the kitties !! Farmville neighbors , I'd love you guys forever if you could keep sending me thanksgiving dishes while I am internet-less ! I want all of those prizes haha ! :D 
Biltmore was AMAAAAZING and so much fun !! Can't wait to go back again soon ! 
What is a good place to buy shoes online ? I've about exhausted the local stores in my boot quest ... 
Anybody who lives in Batesburg with a pickup want to make a little extra money ? :) My mom needs two curios moved to her house ... 
waiting ... and waiting ... and waiting on < PROPMALE > to finish snacking so we can go to Target . 
ate a Caesar salad at my desk today for lunch -- just like old times except < PROPFEMALE>'s changed the Caesar salad to a Lemon Garlic Caesar salad and the desk was at a different job haha ! :) 
Well , the nice , quiet , relaxing afternoon is over . My house is about to be taken over by Christmas boxes !!! I better lock up the cats or put bells on them haha ! :D 
needs some holiday lights in Farmville . Can we earn them or do we have to receive them as gifts ? 
I have a love/hate relationship with this time of year . 
is hoping the rest of the work week goes by as quickly as today . 
Dishwashers are fantastic and all of that , but I need something to put the dishes IN the dishwasher . I tried something called ' < PROPMALE>' but that didn't work out . ;) 
going Christmas party shopping . I need some dress accessories ! 
is chugging some weird chocolate protein orange gatorade mix after lifting weights and running . What on earth possessed me to go running in this cold weather ?!? 
home from the Unitrends ' Christmas party ! Had a lot of fun in my shiny new dress :) 
Most people have a 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone you know who has died of ( Arial ) , or is fighting ( Puddly ) , or has survived cancer ... please copy and ... repost . 
cooking dinner and maybe just MAYBE i'll put the Christmas tree stand up tonight . I've only had the boxes down over a week now ... :/ 
finishing up a little SEM reading for work since I left early to go to the bank . Then its the weekend !!! 
doing some mad ( not angry , but crazy ! ) online Christmas shopping so that when my tree has lights/ornaments on it , hopefully there will be presents under it haha ! 
is psyched to be done with my online Christmas shopping !!! Now , < PROPMALE > needs to decide on what he's getting me , and hopefully , that doesn't require my participation ! 
wishes my Mama wasn't so terribly sick around Christmas . Please pray for her ! She is very close to having pneumonia ! 
Happy Holidays . NOT :: scratches through that :: < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! That's getting better . Oh , I know ! Happy Birthday Jesus ! :: ding ding ding ! :: We have a winner !! 
Anyone need a guy roommate (+< PROPFEM < PROPMALE > E > ) in Columbia ? My friend got a job here and needs an inexpensive place until his house sells in < PROPMALE > . 
Happy Birthday Jesus ! Thanks for giving up everything for all of us ! 
gosh my house is smelling so good right now ! I've got a 4 layer pumpkin cake baking , apple pork roast in the crock pot and Panera broccoli and cheddar soup cooking ! Gah I'm so hungry !!! 
I absolutely HATE New Years < PROPFEMALE > , but I do appreciate my bosses feeding us today ( and last week , too ! ) and letting us leave a couple of hours early ! 
is hungry and wants the baked pork chops and ricotta gnocchi with white cream sauce done so I can eat ! ( sorry if you see this twice , accidentally posted it under < PROPMALE>'s account ) ... 
working from home today . Just want to say , people who are from elsewhere and are in SC ( or are from SC and are now elsewhere where it snows frequently and those people think they are great drivers and now can bash SC drivers ) remember this : We can only drive as good as our vehicles are . No snow tires = poor driving . Why buy snow tires that'll go bad in the summer with our hot asphalt roads ? 
would love to know if I need to drive to work tomorrow ! 
< PROPMALE > Comer has battled cancer for almost 7 yrs . The doctors are giving him only days to live . < PROPMALE > is 41 , married & has 2 children , < PROPMALE > 11 & < PROPFEMALE > 7 . < PROPMALE > has asked his Mom for a special request , for everyone to pray for a miracle for his daddy . He wants a prayer chain across the world . Please pray for < PROPMALE > and help start this prayer chain across the world for < PROPMALE > . Copy & repost to keep prayer chain going . 
who knew this morning that when I got up I'd be directing a 4 hour photo shoot this afternoon ?!? I love that each day I'll never know for certain what I'll be doing ! 
If any Columbia area college student is looking for a paid/class credit PR internship , let me know . Also , my company is looking for full-time software engineers here in Columbia as well ! 
6 months since I lost my < PROPFEMALE > . 7 months and 4 days since Hausy . 11 months and 9 days since Smokey . :*( 
Tomorrow is Puddly's last day of chemotherapy . I don't know whether to be happy that she doesn't have to go through it anymore or worried she won't have any more treatment . :/ 
Pier 1 seriously needs to get new curtains . They've had the same ones in stock for years now . Yes , I've been waiting that long . 
I can't believe Eksin Man from Turkey hacked Farmville and is posting on players ' walls ! 
The movies that have impacted my life greatly ( IE the ones I can't watch b/c they freak me out/make me sad/ or scare the crap out of me ): Tremors , The Wizard of Oz , Old Yellar , Bambi ... I'll add to this list as I think of more ... 
is happy that I ordered some flower bulbs online today . I wish the bulbs would magically plant themselves though . 
Repost for a Friend ... 52 thoroughbred horses need homes . Will go to Sugarcreek this Saturday for slaughter . Gentleman died and his son wants nothing to do with them . Most broodmares are broke and some are in foal weanling , yearlings , 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded . FREE and papered . Friend of the deceased is trying to find homes 440-463-4288 Barnesville , OH . PLEASE HELP ! 
Prayers need to go out for Audrin < PROPMALE > and her family . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you don't know her , God knows . Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl . Please and God bless you for posting it . They can use everyone's prayers 
loves how Farmville says our crop withering has been disabled yet mine have withered . 
My hands hurt from digging in the sand for 2 1/2 hours but thank you dear Lord for helping me get all 70ish bulbs planted before dark ! 
Wow . I bet < PROPFIRST > Zuckerberg didn't think he'd ever be thanked for providing the tool used to successfully overthrow Egypt's government . 
My niece's present if filling very < PROPFEMALE > Zeta-ish right now . :/ I'll add some brown to make it more Gamma Phi ! 
I love and miss you Smokey as does the rest of the family . I can't believe it has already been a year since you left us . I hope your first year in Heaven has been wonderful . <3 . 
is a proud Mama cat today ! My Puddly cat had her last chemo session , and she came home wearing a pink bandanna to celebrate ! She is one tough lady ! I am so proud and amazed with how well she handled the lung cancer removal surgery and 8 chemo sessions ! Thank you Lord for watching over my little girl !! 
what a beautiful day to celebrate my niece Addison's first birthday and for < PROPFEMALE > Suggs to get married !! 
Oprah's endorsement of Obama moved at least one million votes to him in the primary election . Had she chosen to be mute , they argued , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > would have prevailed as the Democratic nominee . 
What is a good dry cough suppressant ? < PROPMALE > is about to drive me nuts ... 
Probably shouldn't have played < PROPFEMALE > pong at work until 8 , especially since I haven't been feeling well the past few days ... :/ 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this .... in the status of all my friends ... 
In case you ever want to charge alkaline batteries , it only takes maybe 20 minutes for one to go * poof * on a charger :| 
15 years ago today , I lost one of the sweetest little birdies ever -- Keiko . Gone but not forgotten , pretty girl ! 
is mentally annoyed because I haven't done any of the many things I need to get done over the weekend . However , my body just needed a little r&r after being sick this past week ! 
I guess I better start doing stuff . tons to do today and I would rather stay home than do it ! 
is so darn annoyed . I was in < PROPMALE>'s account harvesting his orchard and the next thing I know is I've bought < PROPMALE > a blue < PROPFEMALE > costume . It just said \bought ! \ " There was no are you sure you want to spend 10 FV cash ? GRRR . " 
Today is my Dad's birthday ! Happy ** th birthday Dad even though you're not on FB ! :) 
One of my husband's friend's grandma is having back to back seizures and is unable to talk . Please pray for her and her family ! Thank you ! 
Unitrends is hiring a project manager . We're looking for someone career young who is smart , has an edge and can grow a ton with the company . Email me ( sbharing@unitrend.com ) if you want more details and/or feel free to recommend others ! 
Unitrends is hiring a bright & ambitious < PROPMALE > project manager here in Columbia . Duties include administrative and project related duties for Chief of Operations , preparing reports and financial data , coordination & oversight of outsourced and internal projects . Need to work well with all levels of internal management , staff , vendors , etc . Need to be flexible and hungry ! 
is praying for Japan and also that this tsunami doesn't destroy Hawaii and the other islands in the next 30 minutes . Also , our west coast . I didn't really believe this 2012 hype , but I'm really starting to think with everything that has been going on that God is really gearing up to return soon . 
tired but had a great Zeta Sigma Day and a productive alumna meeting afterwords ! 
is sooooo tired of having so much house work to do every weekend !! 
