\What but design of darkness to appall ? -- If design govern in a thing so small . \"" 

What a perfect and beautiful day , it must be enjoyed ... Perhaps with a bike ride ? 
Just finished a 22 mile bike ride and is somewhat tired . 
Is heading back to Urbana 
Has moved into his new dorm 
What a downpour 
reality came crashing to wake me from my reverie . 
It is far better to grasp the universe as it really is than to persist in delusion , however satisfying and reassuring . - < PROPFIRST > Sagan 
Decided that he wasn't walking to class in the rain . 
I think it's time we blow this scene . Get everybody and the stuff together . Ok , three , two , one let's jam . 
I don't feel a thing and I stopped remembering The days are just like moments turned to hours 
A leaky faucet 
Test 1 of 4 for the week done . 
Test 2/4 complete . Friday is going to suck . 
She keeps Moet et Chandon In a pretty cabinet 
This week is finally over . Praise the FSM 
Heat of destruction , Flames of cleansing , ashes of renewal 
Back home 
I know that in time , it will just fade away . 
Haircut ! It's short ! 
Once again in the dorms 
A solitary soliloquy to solemn solopsism in solidarity . 
Within the limits of Saint < PROPFIRST > once again 
The bird of hermes is my name , eating my wings to keep me tame . 
A fatigued dream , thoughts unknown , a crooked stream , where dark seeds are sown . 
Imagine there's no countries , it isn't hard to do . Nothing to kill or die for , and no religion too . Imagine all the people , livin ' life in peace . You may say I'm a dreamer , but I'm not the only one . 
Back on campus 
Cold silence has a tendency to atrophy any sense of compassion between supposed brothers ; Between supposed lovers 
The poetry that comes from the squarin ' off between and the circling is worth it , finding beauty in the dissonance 
Callously , cautiously calculating the collected congruences culminating in a catastrophic cataclysm to consciousness . 
There is nothing more seductive for man than the freedom of his conscience , but there is nothing more tormenting either . -The Brothers Karamazov 
Such simple words to calm a soul , a fleeting phrase makes me ephemerally whole . 
Why must inspiration only strike in the final moments of my night ? 
So crucify the ego before it's far too late to leave behind this place , so negative and blind and cynical And you will come to find that we are all one mind , capable of all that's imagined and all conceivable 
Lofty realizations on the unseen ends of mankind . 
If it keeps on rainin ' , levee's goin ' to break ... When The Levee Breaks I'll have no place to stay ... 
They choose the path where n o-o ne goes . They hold no quarter . 
Cryin ' wont help you , prayin ' won't do you no good . 
Sounds so sweet and soothing , music wash it all away like nothing . 
Mighty arms of Atlas hold the heavens from the Earth ! 
Such wonderful and vivid dreams , only to wake and find myself holding a mirage . 
When Tool covers a Led Zeppelin song , epic is the only word applicable . 
No Quarter-Amazing song to listen to when walking home at 1am in a beautiful snowstorm . 
A maelstrom of consciousness , thoughts arc across the sky crackling with energy and power , my mind is restless . 
When the facts change , I change my mind . What do you do , sir ? A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds , adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines . Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago . 
Strange dreams that feel like my brain is trying to tell me something important , but I don't understand the meanings . 
The < PROPFEMALE > tells me a secret , my confidant . As full and bright as I am , this light is not my own and a million light reflections pass over me . It's source is bright and endless , she resuscitates the hopeless ; Without her we are lifeless satellites dreamin ' . 
I don't know what's the matter with people : they don't learn by understanding , they learn by some other way — by rote or something . Their knowledge is so fragile ! -Richard Feynman 
My life would suck so much if it weren't for music . It gives me an energy , a feeling that nothing else can replicate . 
Pull over there's a reason why my soul's unsound , It's you , It's that shit stuck under my shoe 
This is a rain of inspiration ! 
Must take this feeling of power , of urgency , of inspiration , and act on it , make it reach fruition . 
You raise the blade , you make the change , you rearrange me ' till I'm sane . You lock the door and throw away the key . There's someone in my head but it's not me . 
Back in Saint < PROPFIRST > for a week 
My muse is nocturnal 
Riding my bike into 45°F winds while in shorts and a hoodie , REFRESHING ! Also , good first bike of the year ! 
At the dorms , but happy to now have my bike . 
Say hello to everything thing you've left behind ... It's even more a part of your life now that you can't touch it . 
thinks most people take for granted what a truly amazing time it is we live in , to be able to have our favorite music at our fingertips at all times . 
Life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life , this is necessary . 
Will stop chronically procrastinating ... tomorrow . 
Song for today , \Let's go get high\ " by sublime . yup . " 
Jump into My Mouth and Breath the Stardust 
The white < PROPFEMALE > tree sat in the setting sun , bathed in its dying rays the petals ' edges turned to gold . 
Reading outside for a bit to enjoy this wonderful day . 
Felt transcendent for most of the day , then i felt really awful . Hooray 
Uneasy optimism on that physics test , either way fuck Fourier transforms . 
And as the sun becomes overcast , and clouds began to grow , you have no fears , for you have found the ebb and flow . You look to her , and she to you , and together you can wonder , of all the wonderful things to ensue . 
Is SOOO good at physics , you don't even know ( and is very very humble too ) . 
The ONLY way we can ever grow as people , be it spiritually or intellectually is if we challenge what we believe most deeply , and keep moving on until we find something that can withstand the rigors of life and all the challenges that we can ever throw at it . Because nothing you believe is worth protecting from being proven wrong . 
Anytime I feel down I just remember < PROPMALE > Hicks , it's all just a ride , and we can change it anytime we want . 
Drunken discussions on free will and physics are awesome , until someone pukes . 
Mindfucked by a discussion with my physics professor , and enjoyed every minute of it . 
Maybe pantheism 
The more I know , the more I can alter . Because everything is alterable , transient . ( I fucking LOVE knowledge ) 
Can feel brain changing , trying to capture this experience in words . 
Week of growth and change followed by study and nachos with an awesome girl and a lightning storm , happy . 
ISR Food , your days of making me ill are drawing to a close ! 
Drawn to you without recourse like a moth to a flame , consumed by your heat without remorse or shame . 
We may not be able to alter reality , but we CAN alter our perceptions of it , and that is a far more powerful tool . 
hates wish fulfillment dreams 
Trying to write something about cheese 
is bored and wants something to do 
A short evening bike ride was just what I needed 
LIGHTNING ! 
test in 5 hours yay ! 
2.5 cups of coffee is the best way to fly , I should know , I'm an aerospace engineer . 
Can't figure out what he wants to be when he grows up 
Happy to see his pets again . 
Finding no happiness in comfort , we struggled to suffer in joy . 
Some very good ultimate frisby 
Hey you , out there in the cold , getting lonely , getting old , can you feel me ? Hey you , standing in the aisles , with itchy feet and fading smiles , can you feel me ? 
You were caught in the cross fire of childhood and stardom , blown on the steel breeze . Come on you target for faraway laughter , come on you stranger , you legend , you martyr , and shine ! 
Got some of his favorite really expensive cheese , and is excited about it 
It was like fate at the library , went for one book that could not be found , put on reserve so as not to be remiss . Then searched for another by Salinger , again not there , but up a shelf what name should I see ? Sagan ... Let's see how his Science Fiction was . 
Mindfucked by < PROPFIRST > Sagan through his book , so good . 
In that smile , behind those eyes , exists a bright essence to which I can tell no lies 
Stranger in a strange land is one of the most incredible novels I've ever had the pleasure of reading , and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for something wonderful to read 
\I've found out why people laugh . They laugh because it hurts so much because it's the only thing that'll make it stop hurting . \"- Stranger in a Strange Land " 
Is absolutely ecstatic at all the new rare sublime he just got , it's all so good , and he should have not had to wait so many years to find this . I owe < PROPFIRST > Holm a great deal of praise for providing me with so much sublime I had not heard before . 
\Everything is for a while \"" 
Giant fucking heat engine 
I formulated a possible new economic model today , what did you do ? 
\Shut your mouth before I fuck it \"- Comment made my night " 
I can't believe I'm moving back to Chambana in a week . 
Fucking haircut 
Moved into his apartment , no internet for a week . 
\The brain is like a muscle . When it is in use we feel\ 
Has internet , hurray ! 
\Concrete rubble for concrete dreams \"" 
Thinks Bri is leaving way too soon 
”We make our world significant by the courage of our questions and by the depth of our answers . ”- < PROPFIRST > Sagan 
Who wants to go to the Stewart-Colbert rally ? I really want to attend . 
Just bought then ate some of the best cheese he's ever had . This is what life is all about . 
Evertyime I think I might feel a reason for it all , something comes along to remind me we're all just actors following a script we don't understand and had no part in writing . 
Lots of physics today , and wrote a poem . 
\I'm pretty lagrangian right now \"" 
His afternoon is turning pink as he rides the synthetic waves caused by the flapping of a Black Moth Super Rainbow during a truly inspired soma vacation . 
What the fuck was that dream ? 
\Does your soul cast about like an old paper bag ? \"" 
We need a new word to describe that utterly fantastic , completely boundless joy that one experiences upon discovering new music that just completely overwhelms you with how perfect it is . 
Neko Case just needs to fucking stop it , stop having such a beautiful fucking voice . 
is currently drowning in a wave of rank-2 Tensors 
Just got mindfucked by his professor , and it was fantastic . 
Well , I just failed miserably during that exam . Sad . 
\Their feet had no intention . They followed some magnetic drum ; prisoners of their destination . \"" 
It's important to just stop and appreciate how utterly ridiculous life is sometimes . 
Just went to a cheese shop and spent 20 dollars on really expensive cheese . It was one of the best experiences of my life . 
Why does inspiration to write only come when I have other things that I need to do ? 
I refuse to find it morally or socially tolerable that people willingly and knowingly endanger the lives of themselves and their loved ones in the name of superstitious beliefs . 
Well I just thought of the best decoration for a physicsist's apartment ever . This is genius . 
Does the truth , reality , have an inherent value in it ? Or do we only think it does because so often there are consequences for not knowing it . 
\Normal people don't set their own pants on fire \"- Matt Sulikowski on setting his own pants on fire . " 
Back in Saint < PROPFIRST > , and already bored . 
Thankful for friends . 
Was that poetry ? 
\We are what we think . \ 
\The vastness of the heavens stretches my imagination — stuck on this carousel my little eye can catch one-million-year-old light . A vast pattern — of which I am a part ... What is the pattern or the meaning or the why ? It does not do harm to the mystery to know a little more about it . For far more marvelous is the truth than any artists of the past imagined it . \"- < PROPFIRST > Feynman " 
Your memories are everything you have , so be sure to create good ones . 
Good birthday dinner with friends . Greatly enjoyed it . 
\Lives of great men all remind us \ 
\Within a million years of an idea \"" 
I still can't figure out why The Dude from The Big Lebowski was in Tron . That made no sense . 
ATTENTION : If anyone is interested , and IF this snowstorm breaks ( big if ) , I will be setting up a telescope for stargazing and viewing the Solstice Lunar eclipse at my house , all are invited . This is a late night-outdoor activity , so it's going to be fucking cold . 
Flying to Idaho today . 
Good to see mountains again . See those towering mounds of earth and constantly changing elevations , Illinois ? That's why you're boring . 
\I really feel that it cheapens the beauty of the struggle if in the end you get everything you want \"" 
Life is an experiment , test it . 
bri's here bitches ! 
Did a good deed today ! 
\You're going to < PROPFEMALE > that weight \"" 
Making pancakes . 
\And n o-o ne showed us to the land\ 
Hooray for biking weather . 
\Tell me are you a badfish too ? \"" 
Just got an A on that exam . 
\I see those flooded fields . How can people not know what beauty this is ? \"" 
\You say the hill's too steep to climb ... \ 
We do what we must , because we can . 
I need to have this much energy everyday . 
Destination : Furthur 
Sleep less , make up for loss of energy by eating more . 
Just like that , bang , in a flash the world remade , and my ears rang . 
A haze of logic , with the intent to understand itself 
\And I listen for the whisper\ 
\Everything was beautiful . Nothing hurt . \"- Kurt Vonnegut " 
\What am I to do with all this silence ? \"" 
If there's anything beautiful about human nature , it's the way we affect one another . 
Integrate xe^-(x^2+ix)dx from negative infinity to infinity ... Without wolfram < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Reason is my Reason 
And either way you turn , I'll be there \ 
Open up your skull , I'll be there \ 
Climbing up the walls 
Finally saw Waking Life and it is now one of his favorite movies . Big thank you for telling me about it to < PROPFIRST > G Hebert and < PROPMALE > Carmichael 
We go to edge city alone 
