keeps forgetting she actually has a Facebook account ... And is beginning to remember she has AIM . 

My cat just had her kittens !!! Anyone wanna adopt one ...? 
Playing \Friend Facts\ " and only answering a few seriously ... =D " 
So I found my camera ! It has a memory card , and batteries to boot ! The opportunity to post photos that aren't 5+ years old has presented itself ... now let's see if I follow through :D 
New profile pic ! I swear this is the only pic I've taken myself that I like :) And yes ... I have glasses now ~ 
Awesome day spent shopping and hanging out with my little sis- I don't get to do this enough !! 
I got a new phone ! I might even try to use this one ... I have texting again though ! woohoo ! 
Just got home from the most epic vacation ever . Now to get to work on moving arrangements ~ 
Why does technology hate me >:O 
Lie to me and tell me that everything will be OK ~ 
feel like I'm falling apart and not sure , at this point , if I should just let the pieces fall as they may or keep trying to hold it together for god knows what now . And I'm out of Goldfish ! 
Just when I think I've fallen so hard I can't get back up ... I always seem to find something to get me back on my feet . And I will not explain the name change . And I'm still out of Goldfish . 
Spent the evening learning to play pool instead of sitting on my ass at home ! Can't say how well I did , but had lots of fun :D 
\ ... and I feel bad fir tugbdujc . nwggxb down\ " \ 
Screw it . I give up . I'm totally just gonna give in ........ I miss coloring my hair XD and faze one of dramatic re-color is done ! 
???????????... 
\Is there a place waiting for me ? Somewhere that I belong ? Or will I always live this way ? \ 
7 months of not abusing my hair with dye job after dye job has left my hair feeling so silky and soft ~ And this new shampoo and conditioner leaves it smelling like peppermint < PROPFEMALE > ... Life is beautiful right now lol . Soft hair , I've missed you !!! \ 
\ 
Now to see if I can pull off purple without killing my hair's ( absolutely amazing ) texture ... heh . But first , I should get it cut . 
I refuse to shutnit , okay ? I might sqeeit , if you ask really nice , or at least ibtry ... but mainly , I really need to get an iPhone . Ally , I <3 yoooou XD 
I think I've decided ... I love sleep . My life has a tendency to fall apart when I'm awake . >_> 
At the end of the day when I crawl into bed and all the lights go out my thoughts can finally rise to the surface . Ya I'm a little bruised , slightly broken , and permanently scarred but I'm still here aren't I ? I'm still fighting , I'm still waking up and giving it my all . This life may be hard as hell but it's still a gift and i'm going to live every moment of it . 
Just got mah hair cut !! Next faze ... COLOR . 
Okay ... so the other day while I was ringing up this older gentleman ... I gave him his total and he flipped me off ! Then he proceeded to pay me like nothing had happened . Took me about 5 minutes for that to sink in lol ! Weird people live and work in Bethesda , I swear XD 
Yay for having a day off ! Boo for having no plans D:< 
So tired ... sleep actually sounds good o_O Now I know the world is coming to an end D: !! 
Amor animi arbitrio sumitur , non ponitur ... Dum spiro , spero . 
Tired of people making promising they have no intention of keeping ... tired of being deceived and led on ... But every shot to the heart makes me appreciate the tried and true people in my life . 
\ ... you're looking at pictures of girls ? \ " \ 
omg I actually have a day off tomorrow and no plans again ! DX \ 
Ideas ? Anyone ? 
Nothing beats a night spent riding motorcycles with your best friends . Alariya Tzedek I <3 you lol . 
Anyone know any good home remedies for a bad case of heartache and general depression ? I'm too spunky to waste my time waiting on something that will never come D: 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Wo needs to hurry up and help her get Final Fantasy Dissidia on her PSP so she can get to work on trying to learn the mechanics of a game that defies all laws of physics . \ 
And potentially pwn people with Kefka . Huzzah for the power of the prancing clown !! 
so apparently my computer at age 2 or 3 is officially obsolete as a gaming computer on any and every standard . at least now I know why my WoW experiences were laggy at best ? XD 
actually has plans for the next 2 days that doesn't consist of work or idling at home ! Post office tomorrow then Thursday I get to see if I still know how to be social :P 
getting that annoying urge to start drawing but no clue what I want to do ... < PROPFEMALE > + no inspiration = endless aggravation >.< 
wishing and praying me and Slinkers won't have to sit out the Cataclysm when it finally hits ... pre-Cata patch came out Tuesday and now I'm stuck here wondering what's going on D: 
is going to the aquarium !! Sooooo excited I can't even sit still XD 
Totally at a loss at what to do online now ... I wanna get on WoW but my computer's processor is made of waaaaaay outdated fail and is no longer supported by the game . \ 
Note to all my WoW buddies here ... If you see Slinkers online , it's not gonna be me that's playing her . So until further notice , JUST PRETEND YOU DON'T SEE HER ONLINE . XD 
Anyone not have my current cell phone number who wants it ? I finally have a good text and picture text plan XD 
Before you criticize someone , walk a mile in their shoes . That way , when you criticize them , you're a mile away and you have their shoes . 
Evening plans canceled for the evening so now I get to sit home and live with the fact that at 21 , I'm still a failing piece of shit that can't do anything right . Cheers . 
Malum quidem nullum esse sine aliquo bono . 
“I can stand brute force , but brute reason is quite unbearable . There is something unfair about its use . It is hitting below the intellect . ” 
I have my phone on all day and get maybe 2 texts ... I turn my phone off for 1 hour to have a serious talk only to turn my phone back on and see 16 new texts and 5 voice mails ... WHAT'S WRONG HERE ? >:O 
is single and completely unattached for the first time in 4 years ... It's a strange feeling but thinking to leave it like that for a little while at least . 
Is it a coincidence STRAP-ON backwards is NO PARTS\ 
... I'm going to bed now >_> 
Changed my tongue piercing for the first time ... the post is shorter now and the top stud is flatter and slightly broader ... now I get to learn to talk all over again ! XD ( lisp , lisp , lisp ) 
Just saw Paranormal 2 on holy shit that movie was a trip !! Been a while since I found a good scary movie that made my heart race and even make me jump XD 
I AM A HANDFUL at times ! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I am strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , at times I tell it like it is-I have made stupid mistakes in life , I am sometimes out of control . But if you can't handle me at my worst , then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL , repost ! I dare you ! I'll be looking for the ladies who are strong and not afraid to say so . 
Getting my new computer tomorrow !! Can finally sell my soul back to WoW lol ! 
is currently speculating that Alariya Tzedek really is a super hot , motorcycle-riding rogue in real life . With a spunky feline sidekick riding along side :3 
I created the sound of madness , wrote the book on pain\ 
Somehow I'm still here to explain\ 
That the darkest hour never comes in the night 
Love is like black ice ... you never see it coming . And even when you think you're being careful , it still knocks you on your ass . 
is waiting . Not sure for what though ... 
Had my iPod stolen and my phone nearly destroyed via drowning , and at work , my register was acting up , my photo machine had one hell of a paper jam , and the instant kiosk was down ... all this shit in 48 hours ... This is why I hate technology >_< 
Me and Slinkers are officially ready to face the Cataclysm on Dec . 7th ! Gearin ' up and ready to roll >:3 
Took some silly quiz to see what class in WoW was best suited to me ... Result ? Druid ! Good to see my choice a year and a half ago was the correct one , according to a 10 question poll ... XD 
Things are looking up , looking down . 
Spent half my shift at work today drawing mine and Alariya Tzedek's nekos . They're so cute XD 
Why is it the second I want to do something for myself , so many people get mad with me ? \ 
Fuck the world . Friendship is a sick joke . I'm only any good when I'm giving , and I've finally run out of shit to give . 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on fb until Monday , december 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
Eh , friendship may be just another twisted joke ... but I guess I'll just keep falling for it . 
Just when you think you've lost all reason to try ... something always seems to come along to give new reason to get back up . \ 
oh life and it's funny surprises . 
\OMG is that a giant boob ?! \ " Tsi Rocksmysocks ... you rock my socks :D " 
I've got so many drawings I've promised to do but I haven't the heart to hold a pencil for more then just a few lines =.= My inspiration seems to have gone ice cold . 
\I think they may have been aliens ! \ " \ 
Thinking I'm finally free of some shit that was holding me down ... I finally feel like my own person , not held back in body , mind , or spirit . Free . Finally free . It's a strangely vast and aimless feeling >_> 
Continuing my campaign to get shinies and name them after friends on GPXplus.net . Just got myself a Shiny Charmander clone >:) 
Well I get to work all of Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and 8am-4pm Christmas day ... Double time will surely make up for this though :P 
Since I don't see myself being online much , if at all tomorrow , I wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! Hope everyone has a nice day tomorrow :) 
Why is it I always run out of game time at the same time I run out of money in my bank account ... >_< \ 
Oddly , not missing WoW as much as I thought I would . Just missin ' the awesome people I get to play with , really . Though most of you guys are on FB ... Maybe another hiatus from WoW is creeping up on me ... 
?????????????? \ 
???????????? \ 
?????????????????? 
Seriously thinking of giving up on men . It seems I'm either putting up with shit I don't understand , or I'm waiting on something that's never gonna come >_> \ 
Now if only the heart had an on/off switch ... 
upon re-evaluating my last status ... how many times have I said I'm giving up on something and actually followed through on it ? fml . The cycle continues . >_< 
4-manning the Lich < PROPMALE > is just epic beyond words ... Actually got him down 16% lmao 
Wants to go frolic in the snow ~ 
No wonder near all of yesterday was so damn quiet ... My phone was dead o_O yey for 3 missed messages and 20 new texts ! -shot- 
Well ... back on my feet again it seems ... My heart , mind , and spirit are once more my own ... Maybe I'll give myself again someday , but for now ... Being my own suits me just fine ~ 
