Waiting , waiting , waiting .. waiting for school , waiting for a new place , waiting for a lot of things . When do we stop waiting and start enjoying what you have ? 

I'm st < PROPMALE > ing a new < PROPMALE > project . If you happen to find any small , cute , and/or odd objects , send them my way ! Buttons , < PROPFEMALE > figurines , barrettes .. anything interesting . Colour doesn't matter , I'll be painting them in the end . Thanks ! 
Havin fun in DC ! We hit the pool today and Caelynn took to it like a lil duckling :D 
Can't sleep .. feel blah . That about sums it up ... -_- 
Blah . Things are pretty much sucking right now :D 
I'm pregnant ! #2 is on the way 
Trying to find a larger place with the restrictions that we have isn't fun at all . 
My due date's March 20th , 2010 <3 
We might be moving to a place that doesn't allow large dogs . If anyone knows someone who would like two goofy dogs , let me know . I hate to give them up , but it looks like we have to . * sniff * 
I'm exhausted in every way and am ready for bed ... and it's not even 6:30 . -_- 
Just woke up and feel like death warmed over ... But , we're looking into getting a new apartment . Almost there ... 
Playing WoW and relaxing .. This pregnancy's symptoms are very eww so far . 
Got all the classes I want .. and most are online * dances * 
Had my first sonogram today , and the official due date is March 24th . The lil bean of a baby is goin strong ! 
Can't sleep ... it's freakin 83 degrees in here . :o 
Caelynn had a growth spurt , which means her schedule's whacked .. which means mine is , too . I just woke up and I'm still tired * rubs eyes * 
Blah ... this semester has a ton of tedious work so far . -_- 
Don't take 4 online courses thinking you'll be able to do the work * and * watch the kid at the same time . It's the opposite of efficient :D 
Here's to planning on skipping class tonight and having it canceled , instead ! 
Chili cook-off tomorrow ! It doesn't get any better than that 
Today has been great , all around . < PROPFIRST > surprised me with a late birthday present , I won 2nd place in the chili cook-off , and I took a nap without Caelynn . Yay ! * dances * 
< PROPFIRST > and Caelynn have been sick the last few days .. and today I feel pretty craptastic . Don't wanna go to school tonight * cries * 
If game design weren't inundated , I might just switch majors . This game narratives class is my absolute favourite .. and I usually hate writing with a passion ! :o 
Screw scriptwriting .. this is for the dogs 
Looking into attending Westwood College's online Graphic Design and Multimedia program . <3 teh interwebs 
I've been telling everyone about this retard of a teacher I have this semester . Well , it turns out he's dumber than a rock . He can't find anything to do with my final project site - and I've just double checked : it's online and my homework folder in his server space has the backup he requires . Seriously . WTF . 
This is not my day ... 
I just stumbled onto a < PROPFEMALE > with tips on boiling water . Seriously ? It even linked to a video on .. how to boil water . Because I never knew that you had to leave room in the pot for what you wanted to cook ! 
Caelynn slept all night and had to a be dragged out of bed at 11 ... she's now napping and has been for an hour . All I can say is : Wow . That , and , she's not sick , so don't worry . Must be a growth spurt :P 
I'm craving sushi . That is all 
If only we could promote being nocturnal in our children . I work best at night and am wide awake reading articles on marketing and copy writing ... but I know I'm going to feel like crap in the morning when Caelynn's wide awake and I just want to sleep . C'est la vie 
Well .. I'm going to get a sonogram tomorrow . Pro : I should be able to find out the sex ! Con : Going because we need to check something out . Nothing life threatening for me or baby , but there's a < PROPMALE > of two different pregnancy complications . 
It's too early to declare it official , but it looks like we're going to have a boy ! 
Heading to Florida for the holidays ! It'll be a relaxing trip this time - just Caelynn and I will be visiting . I can't wait . ^_^ 
Ahhh ... nothing like turning in an assignment one whole minute before the deadline ! 
I have the absolute worst teacher I have * ever * had ... horrible communication and I just got my first graded item back ( we've had weekly assignments from the beginning ) . In an online course , knowing if you're on the right track is just a little important . 
Caelynn turns one next week ! Still figuring out what I want to get or make for her .. it's sad . 
< PROPFIRST > and I went out on our first real date tonight ! Dinner and a movie - Where the Wild Things Are . We also grabbed some books for the entire family to enjoy ( Where the Wild Things Are , a Dr. Suess Compilation , and < PROPFEMALE > Skeleton ) . Doesn't get any better than that . 
Looove naptime with my baby girl - Fell asleep rocking her . What I'm not loving is the fact that she was warm and cranky earlier . Let's hope it was an oddity and she's not getting sick ! 
There needs to be some type of universal law stating that either all medications are safe in pregnancy , or , pregnancy puts overly painful anythings into a temporary remission . I'd be happy with either of those , thank you . :D 
Hate , hate , hate atuomatic form letter responses . I've had a company send over 8 different email from 5 different people , and only one person has bothered to read anything before replying . Granted , their reply is in the form of another form letter , but this time it's at least relevant . 
Had the sonogram today , it's officially a boy ! <3 
Oh man , today was exhausting . I got Caelynn into the doctor this morning with a high fever , and after traumatizing her for almost 4 hours with various medical tests , we've determined it's a virus of some type ( not the flu ) . Afterward , I had my own appointment and found that I have a legitimate reason to be tired 24 hours a day and feeling eww - fibromyalgia . It's not just all in my head ! 
We've decided on < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > for the name of our new lil one due in March ! 
There's really nothing better than watching big , fluffy snowflakes take forever to fall . They just < PROPFEMALE > in the sky trying to make the ride last that much longer . 
Leaving for Florida this Tuesday ! I just hope this brochitis / sinus infection clears up - Very eww right now . 
Holy hell , curiousity got the best of me and I checked the weather for Florida . It's going to be 80 when we arrive on Tuesday ! :o 
Happy New Year , hope it goes well for everyone ! I'm still in Florida with family right now , but will be back home on Wednesday . 
Happy New Year , everyone <3 
I came home last weekend to find out I have to move into a different unit in the complex by this weekend so they can complete repairs they've known about for a while now . Fun times ... -_- 
Yay ! Woke up to three leg cramps in the same leg last night ! Guess who's going to eat a bazillion bananas today ? :D 
It's official - We're moved ! We've still got some unpacking and all , but we're done moving and the old place is no longer in our names . We now have breathing room .. and < PROPFIRST > has his own basement man-cave ! 
If you know anyone who can take 2 medium/large female dogs , let us know ! Their kennels and supplies will go with them , we just want them to go to a good home . Wish we could keep them , but c o-o p rules have changed and there are no grandfather clauses . We'll be taking them to Animal Haven this weekend if we can't find a permanent home for them before then . :( 
Boo insomnia ! Sooo tired ... On that note , I wish companies would keep customer service open 24 hours . Why is it that I only remember to call these people after they close ? 
One of my fishies had babies last night ! Woke up to at least 6 baby mollies hanging out . I knew she was preggers ! Wonder how long they'll last with my angel and gourami ... >_< 
I'm a geek ... off to play < PROPFEMALE > Trek Online and love it ;) 
Guess what ?! Normal dish detergeant used in your countertop dishwasher turns your countertop into a massive blob of bubbles ! Awesome if you're a kid or think like one , which I guess I do cause I think it's pretty cool , but it's not so awesome to clean it up . <3 
So I was curious and decided to finally look up my grades for last semester . I officially rock school , especially considering the fact that even I got an A in a class I stopped showing up to after the second week ! 
Found an amazing short - it's French but subbed and very , very worth it . Watch the whole thing ! http://itismonday.com/2009/10/skhizein/ 
Baby boy can't get here soon enough ! I don't want to wait anymore >_< 
Blah and so on . Missing California and all she offers tonight . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day <3 
Contractions roughly 20 minutes apart for two days now . So ready for the boy to get here now ! 
Ugh , looks like things have stalled out for now . On the plus side I put up some shelves , cleaned , and am working on a new painting . Nap time for Caelynn and I ! 
Hate hate hate migraines . I can't wait until I can start taking my normal meds again ... >_< 
I am very ready to start feeling human again . Bronchitis paired with the discomforts of pregnancy and contractions just makes you want to curl up and hide under a rock until everything decides to go away . 
If anyone in < PROPMALE > county knows of any local natural health stores that might have cohosh , let me know ! I'd rather not have to order it online . 
Nothing like a spur of the moment wedding ! We'll be tying the knot courthouse style next week . <3 
Sometimes I just want to pick up and get away for a little bit . Nothing drastic or permanent , but something different and new . And you wonder why so many people are addicted to gaming . It's an escape . 
We saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland tonight and loved it- Go watch it ! Oh yeah , we also got married today and went to Ihop afterward . It doesn't get any classier than that . ;) 
Hate . Migraines . 
Sitting in KU Med Center being induced as we speak - < PROPMALE > will be here today ! They're inducing due to my blood pressure , not that I mind at this point . 
Heading to bed happy , despite my migraine . Lovin my kiddos and finally settling into and getting comfy with our new routine with < PROPMALE > . <3 
Oh man , it's beautiful outside right now ! Extremely < PROPFEMALE > and the sky just darkened in what feels like 5 minutes . I was about to say I'm looking forward to the storms , but it just started raining . ;) 
Just watched the remodeller's pop-up canopy tent blow past my front door . This should be fun 
It just took me 9 minutes to clean out my voicemail inbox ... ugh . I need to check it more often . :/ 
Love my kiddos . < PROPMALE>'s a sleeper and a cuddler ... they couldn't be more opposite if they tried ! <3 
Sister's water broke at 2:00 this morning . She'll have lil Phoenix < PROPMALE > by noon ! <3 
Walked Caelynn down to the park yesterday and had a blast . It's getting way too hot too quickly , though . 
Do the new VW commercials piss anyone else off , or is it only me ? The first person who punches me when they see anything but a bug is getting punched in the face . :D 
Ugh .. I was closing a book of an email to someone when Caelynn hit the ' back ' hotkey on my keyboard and I lost everything . One less email I'll be sending today , not writing that again ... 
So after about 3 days of migraine hell , I woke up headache-free today ! And what do I do to celebrate ? I hurt my neck and can't turn to certain angles . Yay ! Go me ! 
Woot ! I've been invited to Marlboro's Roadhouse Nights party ! Free food , music , and drinks . Does it get any better than that ? 
I just caught my 1 year old shaking my baby's crib to make his mobile jingle , and it actually made him stop crying <3 
Started a new med for fibro that also helps me sleep and am loving it . I actually slept last night and never woke up .. not even a lil stir . Imagine that ! 
My beloved 24in . monitor is dying a slow death . A 2-pixel-wide cyan line showed up last week and I could deal with one line , but now a yellow one is coming and going . * cries * 
Feeling pretty craptastic today . 
Two sleeping babies ! Mmmm ... time to myself . 
< PROPMALE > woke at some ungodly hour before the sun came up and it took my non-morning-person ass forever to calm him down . So guess what ?! Caelynn woke what feels like five minutes later just as I'm drifting back to sleep . They're in cahoots . 
Ah , the joys of motherhood . I can watch all the cartoons I want and blame my daughter . <3 
Well , tonight royally sucked . yay . 
Kids won't sleep . I have a migraine and no cigs . This does not bode well . 
Two hours of sleep , yay ! Dreaming of the days I can sleep in at least twice a week again . Stay at home moms need weekends , too ! 
It's amazing what a good night's sleep can do . Granted , that was alcohol induced , but I finally have an rx for ambien and plan on getting plenty of sleep during < PROPFIRST>'s upcoming 3 days off . 
< PROPFIRST > cut his finger badly enough that we debated on whether or not to take him in for stitches . Went from sleep to wide awake in a few seconds- most uncharacteristic for me , but good to know I can do it if need be . 
Caelynn found a ladybug in the yard today and had to pick it up to play with it . She squealed with delight when it crawled up her arm , then proceeded to hug and kiss it through her paci . She sat down to play with it a few times after showing us her treasure and about 5 minutes later took a < PROPFEMALE > finger and squished it . She then carefully stepped on it's remains and I decided it was time to go in . 
Caelynn's first word with two different syllables : < PROPFEMALE > ! We got up early enough that the neighbor's outdoors cats hadn't been brought in and she got to play with them . She shocked us by calling for them instead of her usual barking . Yes .. she grew up with dogs . 
Finally found something to help me sleep , let's hope I don't get used to ambien like I do with everything else . Not that I'd take it every night , but still ... Sweet dreams 
< PROPFIRST>'s favourite part of his days off : Being able to get Caelynn when she wakes so they can spend the morning together goofing off . Best daddy ever . 
Just got a message from my voc rehab case worker - I qualify ! Planning on going to DeVry for my bachelor's in web design management when the next term starts ! 
Little did we know , Caelynn knows exactly what shampoo is and can unscrew the cap . \ 
She took a sample bottle of shampoo I had just gotten in the mail and while I was making lunch decided to wash her hair . I found her on the floor in the living room rubbing the frothy gelled soap into her dry hair and giggling with pride . I didn't think it was ever going to rinse out . 
I love a good thunderstorm ! On the downside , it looks like we won't be going to the outdoor Led Zeppelin/Eagles tribute concert tonight . At least the tickets were free ! 
Getting excited about our trip to Florida to visit family in October . We'll be in Cape < PROPFEMALE > for a week visiting < PROPFIRST>'s side of the family , and then the kids and I are going up to Pinellas to visit mine for 3 ! <3 
Florida may be the lightening capitol of the world , but I don't remember any storms coming close to this one here in Kansas tonight . It's just flash after flash after flash . Aside from the power surges and losses , I'm loving it ! 
Woke up dizzy and unstable this morning - so bad that I had to make sure I took the right meds last night . This is crazy weird .. I feel drugged . My head's floating/bobbing and things look extra 3D , if that makes sense . o_O 
Only Kansas would have two seperate offices for auto registration and drivers licences and keep them on the opposite ends of town ... 
I'll always love you , < PROPFIRST > . Rest in Peace <3 
Ready to get back into the groove of every day life . I still have to unpack what feels like a million bags from our trip to Florida , but I'd much rather shop Painful Pleasures for new jewelry . I can't decide on what I want to wear in my nose ... decisions , decisions . 
Feeling pretty brain-dead today . -_- 
< PROPFIRST > surprised me this week with the plans of an official wedding ceremony in Florida next March on or near our anniversary ! He first asked our families to make sure we could hold it in my parents ' back yard and that our Kansas relatives could come . So sweet , and now I get to plan ! 
Daydreaming and planning the wedding . Trying to keep that balance between normal wedding and my own personal taste . It's harder than you'd think ! 
If anyone has any old/extra mechanical clocks , watches , and the like , lemme know ! I'm looking for gears and other metal findings for jewelry and costumes . 
Had a wonderful day today ! Spent time with the family , had a great meal , let Caelynn play in her pool ( and later the rain ) , and sat in < PROPFEMALE>'s backyard and watched some fireworks < PROPFIRST > grabbed from Missouri . Happy 4th , everyone . <3 
Ugh , feelin like death today . And what's up with kids never being able to sleep at the same time ? I couldn't sleep until after 2 , and then < PROPMALE > was up during all the wee hours in the morning . When I finally got him to fall asleep and was just dozing off , myself , I hear Caelynn waking up . I could have cried . 
\Sitting in green room with < PROPFIRST > Bieber ... must resist urge to roundhouse kick him in his midget face\ " -tweeted by Will Ferrell . Just one more reason to love him . " 
Bought some awesome vintage bottles and clocks for parts yesterday . < PROPFIRST > just happened to have the perfect nerf gun ( Maverick Rev-6 ) for steampunk modding , so I'll get started on that today along with designing our invites . Still not positive on my costume , though , but at least half the fun is planning and designing ! 
7 o'clock and it feels like 99 . At the peak , it felt like 109 . I hate summer . 
Bakin brownies and doing some more planning . So many ideas swirling around ... which to use ? Hmm ... 
We saw Inception tonight and can't praise it enough ! A new favourite for both of us . Great story , beautiful cg , just enough action , and top-notch acting - it's the perfect movie . Go watch it . 
Ugh , turns out my dizziness and loss of hearing in one ear is caused by Meniere's Disease . There's apparently no cure and it's progressive , often leading to a ruptured eardrum and tinnitis . Yay ! 
There should be a few universal laws , one of which being : You do not wake from naps more tired and out of it than before you went down . 
Caelynn's at grandma's and < PROPFIRST > has < PROPMALE > downstairs . It's quiet .. so perfect . 
Going to see Inception again tonight . If you haven't already , stop procrastinating and go see the damned thing ! 
Definitely not a morning person ... Busy day ahead and dragging . -_- 
We moved the wedding to Fort De Soto beach and reserved our space - it's set ! I grew up going there and have always loved it .. it's beyond beautiful and has many happy memories . 
Caelynn's spending her first night at home in her new < PROPFEMALE > toddler bed . I was worried about her constantly getting up and running around , but she's doing great so far 
It's way too early to be awake , especially considering the fact that I went to bed 4 hours ago . -_- 
If my phone weren't dead , this update would include a picture of Caelynn napping in her bed with her mouth wide open . I really am amazed at her transition . She isn't even using the blankie that she drags around everywhere - she's covered in her new set . 
Really wish my daughter would sleep in every now and then . How did two people who prefer to go to bed at 5am get someone who likes to * wake up * at 5 ? -_- ... zzZZZ 
Testing a method of bleaching peacock feathers tonight . Here's to hoping it works out so I can bleach my own for variation and play with half-dips and dye for the wedding decorations ! 
Bleh ... not the best of days . 
Wow . I just read an article about parents forgetting that their children are in the back seat ... often ending in fatalities . \ 
The solution ? Leave your cell phone in the back seat because if you're too scatterbrained to remember your own completely dependent flesh and blood , you'll be sure to remember the phone . Yay priorities ! 
Electric communication will never be a substitute for\ 
the face of someone who with their soul encourages another person to be\ 
brave and true . \ 
\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Dickens 
Oh man , I just heard about the Pandora Handheld . * gets her giddy geek on*\ 
Imagine a single , portable gaming device that runs Linux . It's pretty much a PDA with a qwerty keyboard , full gamepad controls including shoulder bumpers , 4.3 \ widescreen touch LCD ... Mmm ... Open Source . " 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Vs . the World\ 
To watch it is to love it . 
I can't wait until < PROPMALE > starts sleeping through the night ! -_- 
Not exactly looking forward to my MRI this afternoon . >_< 
Is it bedtime yet ? My head's going to ' splode soon ... -_- 
Awww ... Caelynn's first big girl cold . She got sick all over herself and the blanket we were cuddled under and all I could do was yell for < PROPFIRST > because I was both in shock and too afraid to move and make matters worse . <3 
Off to bed .. Let's hope the kiddos are feeling better tomorrow ! * crosses fingers*\ 
And yeah , even < PROPMALE>'s getting the cold . I now have two congested , snotty kids . Huzzah for Vick's Baby Rub ! 
Looking forward to the day we leave leave Kansas .. just not a huge fan . 
Trying not fall asleep while I wait for prescriptions at CVS . Sooo sleepy and this elevator muzak isn't helping . 
Sleeeeeep . \ 
That is all . 
I feel like the living dead this morning ... These kids need to learn to sleep in once in a while . I hope I never woke up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > ( or earlier . Seriously , WTF ? ) when I was young , wasting all those mornings that I * could * sleep in . 
Mmmm ... Two-day migraines . I know I love waking up with the previous night's headache still raging ! 
We always knew < PROPMALE > was large , but wow . He just turned 6 months old and fits into 24 month onesies . The length is perfect . \ 
He also started crawling today . No more scooting around for him ! 
Nothing like a heart attack to jump-start your morning ! \ 
Caelynn fell into the coffee table while running full speed and just missed hitting her eye on its corner . Instead , she's got a welt and will soon have a nice big bruise at the corner of her eye . 
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything , but you \ 
can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs . 
Really ..? I finish working on a graphic for the wedding and sit back to admire it and make sure everything's perfect . It is ! I move my pen to save it and send it off to the guy for approval when only my little corner loses power long enough to kill my pc . \ 
Need I mention the fact that I tend to work on things in little spurts throughout the day and haven't saved it since last night ? Yay ! 
Oh man , head's going ' splode and I had quite a few things I wanted to do today . * cries*\ 
On another note - Only 4 more days before I leave for Florida for the month ! I need to start packing soon ... 
Getting ready for my parents ' yard sale . There's a ton of stuff to get rid of ! 
Boo ! Forgot sunscreen and am burnt ... 
Mom's off on her trip to germany - hope everyone has fun during the visit ! \ 
I've been very crafty lately . Made a necklace , brooch , and am working on tea-dyed paper doily flowers . :D 
Sitting at Baskin Robbins with my dad and kids . Caelynn is loving the rainbow sprinkles ;) 
Bleaching my feathers now ... let's hope they turn out . They're looking mighty yellow right now >_< 
Taking Caelynn to the Fall Festival after her nap today . Should be tons of fun ! <3 
Had a blast at the festival even though Caelynn's still too short for rides ( which wasn't too much of a surprise ) . We won a blow-up < PROPFEMALE > doll almost as tall as she is ! Nothing better than watching her repeatedly hug and try to share her ice cream with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Death Cab's < PROPMALE > Gibbard is singing the national anthem for the Phillies / Giants game today ! I'm no baseball fan , but my tv's already set for today's game ;) 
Had a blast at the beach yesterday with my kids and dad . < PROPMALE > loved crawling around in the sand and Caelynn is a water baby like me . ;) 
Ugh .. flight's delayed by half an hour . I wouldn't mind if I weren't here alone with two kids 2 and under . 
Oh man .. the travel broke me . Feeling like utter crap on a stick today . 
Loving my new keurig coffee pot , thanks < PROPMALE > and Kathi ! \ 
This thing seriously rocks . I can also use my own tea for a cup brewed to perfection in just a few seconds . 
Oh yay ! Kids don't know about time changes and are tired an hour earlier ! More free time for mom ! * dances * 
Ugh , not the best of days . Where's the children's tranquilizers when you need them ? 
I was building a little cottage in a < PROPMALE > on our Minecraft server last night and logged out for sleep . I wake up to a raging < PROPMALE > fire ... and they can burn for four freaking days . Yay ! 
Learning Drupal for a site I'm making . This should be amusing 
Caelynn might not be ready to talk yet , but I only have to show her a hand sign once for her to know and use it ! So cute when she signs and glad we're able to work things out . <3 
It's bedtime for me . I do miss the days of staying up until 6 am , but you gotta do what you gotta do and I have a boy who likes to wake up at 4am * passes out * 
Tragedy struck ! We filled our freezer with so much food I had to remove my trays of coffee ice cubes . Oh woe is me .. being forced to drink home-made blended mocha . 
Off to dreamland ~ 
Went out for a quick smoke before bed and there are geese just milling around and honking . I had no idea they came to this area , but it's a pleasant surprise . 
Happy Thanksgiving , everyone ! I hope you all enjoy your time with friends and family <3 
Poor < PROPMALE > lost his voice ... he barely squeaks when he tries to babble or cry . It's so raspy it just * sounds * painful . :( 
I'm cranky . I'm tired , feel like crap in more ways than one , and I have a sick boy . Need coffee and a cigarette and maybe then I'll feel a little human . 
Would anyone happen to know ways to reduce vertigo and nausea ( caused by ear problems) ? I know they say to lie down and let it pass , but this is hell and I'm willing to try anything . 
Stepped outside this morning and was greeted by < PROPFEMALE > snowflakes . First snow of the season . 
Feels like we need to hibernate for winter or something . I'm all kinds of groggy after taking a long nap . 
I swear , if I hear one more fashion trend called ironic , I'll freak . I just read a blog about models wearing plush , gorgeous , ' ironic ' 70's fur . That's not ironic . Neither is your headband , huge sunglasses , or mustache . Call it retro , vintage , whatever ... \ 
And get a freaking dictionary . 
Baby's finally drifting off to sleep and I take a swig of coffee ... and choke , cough , gasp , the whole nine yards . Wide awake baby . * cries * 
Mommy with a migraine + baby that won't nap = bad news bears\ 
Also , don't add apple juice to your spiced apple chai while you're refilling your daughters ' juice cup . It makes the milk separate . Go figure .. 
What on earth made me agree to speech sessions at 8:30 in the morning ? -_- 
I went to take a nap at 4pm last night .. and am just waking up . My back is killing me ! 
I either have a stomach bug or the beginnings of the flu . -_- 
Caelynn's officially coconut flavoured ! When I thought she was quietly watching a movie on her way to dreamland , she was really snooping in the closet and had found some Bath Time Body Paint ... in coconut custard scent . \ 
She came to me all blue and proud . 
It's a very blustery day with teeny , < PROPFEMALE > snowflakes <3 
Blerg ... itsa pain day . 
Spokeo.com - A directory that lists your name , address , age , income , social networking sites , and more . Go to the site , look yourself up , and copy the url of your specific entry . Once you have that , go to Privacy and request your removal from their database . \ 
Go delete your profile now to prevent people from being able to pay under $3 to get * all * of your information . 
matutolypea\ 
n . ill humor in the morning ; “getting up on the wrong side of the bed” 
The set I ordered on Etsy will get here today ! * dances in glee * 
I am so not a morning person . Was going to rant , but it's just morning me talking . 
Reinstalling CS4 so I can work on guest book pages for the wedding . Not much longer now ! 
First week of the new semester ... and we get snowed out . 
Went to class and visited with < PROPFEMALE > for a short while afterward around 1:00 . I went straight to bed once I got home and am just waking up ... I love loooong naps . 
Ugh , I think our Kinect has already died ... what a POS 
Stomach bug .. boo :( 
Getting everything finalized ... Not much longer now for the wedding and old friends ! <3 
Another snow day tomorrow ... third week in and second week with snow days . Wow . My one-credit courses are going to fly by . 
Another snow day - no school for me and < PROPFIRST > got the day off from work ! <3 
Caelynn's got our huge fish net for the tank and is jelly fishing around the house . <3 
Loving Rift ! Give it a try while beta's open if MMO's are your thing ;) 
