I need to get drunk . I need 8 beers or 2 kegs to drink . Any takers ? 

Quote of the day :\ 
\Constantly choosing the lesser of two evils is still choosing evil . \ " \ 
I just realized that each of the kids makes me feel 10 years older , for each kid . So that means next month on my b-day I will be 53 . LOL . 
If someone says something stupid all by themselves and no one's around to smack them , are they a genius ? 
I found the graphic t-shirt I want . It says :\ Your fat . Dont sugar coat cause then you'll have to eat that too . \ " LMAO " 
Another t-shirt I want says : \what to gay bears and the World Series have in common ? No Cubs ! \ " lol " 
Found a new cable show that I love . Spartacus : Blood and Sand on Starz channel . Kinda shot like 400 . Gotta love violence . LOL 
Can not wait till Friday . I get the day off , and then I get to go out of town(kind of ) . I then when work calls I can pretend that I did not have service and ignore the call . LOL 
I can't stand the government most of the time . But just heard back from account after filing out taxes . YEAH ME !!!! At least Obama didn't screw me over this year in my taxes . LOL . But there is still time in his term to screw me over in the future . LMAO 
WOOHHOO !!! I get to go see Ralphie May Friday night . I am hella psyched . 
Woohoo !!!!!!!! The chiropractor gave me the ok to start working out again . I < PROPFEMALE > need to get ready for summer . lol . God I hate getting old ... right Sis ? lmao 
Is it morally or ethically wrong to slip Nyquil or Benedryl in the kids apple juice ? Not that I have or would ever do that , I'm just asking . Because Daddy needs more sleep than 3 hours . I'm just saying . LMAO 
Finally done cleaning house and sending emails after work and now get to head to bed . FINALLY ! Now I get to be back up at 8 and start my day all over again . 
Argh , I hate all these weather changes . Now I am sick . :-S 
Is hating having to to miss out on another 3 day holiday work . At least I get to go to the Cards game Monday . 
Taking kids to their first baseball game . GO CARDS !!! 
Today Livi gets the < PROPMALE > to see what it's like to start kindergarden . For the next month she gets to see how big kids go to school . Yes , it is really quiet in the house . LOL 
3 more days till I get my next day off . It'll be Fathers day and I'm just going to sleep it away . Lol . Woohoo fathers day for me . 
I hate having to see my kids get shots at the doctor's office 
I < PROPFEMALE > need a vacation or 3 day road trip . LOL 
Come on Friday , leaving for Lake of the Ozarks . Nice condo rented , with pool and such for the kids . Maybe rent a boat for a little bit to take them out on the lake . I just hope I still have kids , after 3 hours of driving with them . Lol 
Played with the new iPhone , now I want it . I'm tempted to say screw upgrade eligibility and just pay full price so I can have it . 
Almost done with work for the day . WOOHOO !!!!! 
Less than 26 hours till vacation starts . Lake of the Ozarks here I come . 
After today I < PROPFEMALE > need to go get a drink or 10 . 
Only an hour and half left before my first vacation in 2 years . Woohoo !!! 
Why is it that 2 little human beings require a suitcase twice the size of mine ? It's mind boggling . I should have paid someone to pack for me . Lol 
I am < PROPFEMALE > sunburnt from being at the Lake Ozarks . I need another vacation day just to recoup . 
2 days after vacation and I'm sick . I'm thinking vacation almost wasn't worth it . 
Whoever is driving the bus of life , stop so I can get from underneath it . 
I am feeling hella old . Maybe I need to go get a drink or 15 . 
Aiden is sick now . Poor little guy , got what I had . Hopefully it doesn't take over a week to get over it . 
Thank God , this shitty work night is done . Time for bed and be woken up by my little heathens in a couple of hours . Hurray ! Lol 
Needs 5 , 10 , or 25 beers . Been hell of a day 
Awesome day . Fired one person and write up someone else . Who has my beer ? 
< PROPFEMALE > needs to go drinking . 
Damn , is it ever an effin Monday . Could someone please speed it up to Friday ? 
It's < PROPFEMALE>'s second day of school , argh , she's growing up too quickly 
It's Friday and it's been shitty enough to feel like a Monday 
Feels like hell swarmed over me . I hate this walking in and out of A/C buildings into the heat . Crap keeps making me sick . Grrrr 
I feel like shit . Argh ! Just shoot me and put me out of my misery . 
Needs to go drinking ! 
My quote of the day . \ 
\Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are . \ " \ 
Ok everyone , after enough people saying I should start blogging , I did . The below is a link to my first of many to come blogs . Check it out . 
I need several ... dozen beers . 
Pray for my dad he was rushed to the hospital a little bit ago . His meds are causing his nose to bleed non-stop . 
Dad is home recovering/resting 
Needs to go get drunk . To stressful of a day . 
Needs some of the < PROPFEMALE > liquid ... beer for u dumb asses . 
My quotes of the day . \ 
\The more I know 
Taking kids to go see my parents and let them play at the park . O yeah get to deal with drunk idiots and obnoxious kids , no not my kids . They are angels , yes I am TOTALLY biased . Lol 
I < PROPFEMALE > hate insomnia !!! 
I just the newest Android phone on Sprint , Samsung Epic . I LOVE IT !!!! Beautiful phone . 
My cts(carpal tunnel syndrome ) is hurting < PROPFEMALE > much have slept since woke up yesterday . Argh ! I < PROPFEMALE > need some good drugs to kill the pain . Lol 
A few good drinking quotes , \ 
\Vodka is our enemy 
I so want to go drinking tonight . 
Is it Friday yet ? 
Can't wait to get off of work . 
Is going drinking tonight , any takers ? 
This week can not end soon enough 
Just got home from work . Have to turn back around and be at work at 8am . No rest for the weary . Guess I'll rest when I die . 
Already a shitty start of a week . Is it Friday yet ? 
Wishes it was payday Friday . 
Can't wait till Friday , I get a 3 day weekend . Wooohhhooo !!!! 
\I'd rather be hated for who I am 
It is Mother Effin Friday !!!! I have today off ! Hell-to-the-mother-fucking-yeah !!!!!!!!!!! 
Needs to go drinking !!! 
It's official , I'm bald now . Will post new profile pic after while . 
I so enjoyed having a Friday off . It so rare , I'd have a better < PROPMALE > of finding a left-wing Republican or a right-wing Democrat . 
\When your opponent is drowning 
\I detest life-insurance agents : they always argue that I shall some day die 
\Practical politics consists in ignoring facts . \ " \ 
Quote of the Day :\ 
\I begin to see that a man's got to be in his own heaven to be happy . \ " \ 
I am starting to look for a par t-t ime job , I need more $$ in the bank account . 
\to be free \ 
Thank effin God it's Friday !!!!!!! 
\A man's true character comes out when he's drunk . \ " \ 
Damn , its payday Friday ... I should be happy and relaxed . Why am I trying to see how late bars are open so I can go after work . LOL 
\A poor life is better than a good death\ " \ 
Great website to calculate your paychecks . paycheckcity.com Figures out salary or hourly , accounts in all taxes and deductions . 
Out with kids walking all over Gods green earth , so they can be in a sugar induced coma later . 
Damn it Friday , hurry up and get here 
WTH ! My little girl got punched in the mouth by some rat ass bastard child . If I see that punk ass MOFO , my car is big enough to run him over . The fucking bastard sucker punched her . 
Thank effin God its Friday , and payday at that . WWOOOHHHOOO !!!! 
Why the fuck won't my kids go to sleep . It's day light savings , why didn't they go to bed at the normal time ? Grrr ... love them , but Daddy needs his extra hour of sleep . LOL . I can use all the beauty sleep I can get . 
Raking leaves and so far 11 bags . Damn , I need to cut down some trees ... fuck you hippies ! You can find other trees to hug . Lol 
I bought 1 lottery ticket that won me a free ticket , got my free ticket and I won $100 . Woohoo !! 
\The only time a man thinks is when he's alone . \ " \ 
Runner up quote of the day :\ 
\Thoughts can be revised . Deeds cannot . \ " \ 
I saw that AMC has picked up Walking Dead for a second season . Woohoo !!! 
I so need a part time job . I need/want more $ in my account . Lol 
\If we want everything to remain as it is 
Woohoo !!!! Friday and it's pay day bitches !! 
Dad is heading to ER , might be pancreatitis again ! 
Dad is heading to ER , might be pancreatitis again ! Ambulance is on way to their house . 
Sitting in ER room waiting for Doc to come visit dad 
Dad was just taken to have a CT scan done . Hopefully find out what is exactly wrong . 
Dad has a cyst on his pancreas . What does this mean ? No fucking clue . Waiting on more tests to be done . 
You know the voices in my head may not be real , but they have some good ideas . 
I have a feeling that after I go see my dad at hospital , I'll want to get drunk . 
Left hospital . Need some time to think . Dad has MRI tomorrow to find out what needs to be done to \fix\ " him . " 
Dad is having his MRI . They are going to look at the cyst on his pancreas . They need to see if it is a fibrous cyst or a tumor . Will update as I find out information . 
On way to visit dad in hospital . 
Dad had his MRI done yesterday . It will be tomorrow before the scans are read and diagnosed . At that point , the Doctors will know then where to go from there . 
Here is a few quote that are too effin funny :\ 
\If I agreed with you 
Here is a few more good quotes/sayings :\ 
\If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes 
Has anyone had those moments , where someone just blind sides you with information that you did not even see coming ? And it was really good info that just blew ya away . I just had one of those moments , and I am speechless ... well almost . LOL 
My rant of the day : Hospitality is something you offer to people . It is not getting a phone call and being informed that you will be hosting family(or friends ) . Especially a few hours before they arrive ! WTF ! Rude much , you inconsiderate < PROPFIRST > holes . You are not guests , your intruders . lol 
I love wearing women's underwear :) 
The best way to state my general feelings for today is : F *** THIS !!! Your mom should have swallowed ! If you pull your head out of your ass , you could drive better . And finally , I should become an alcoholic . 
\A lifetime of cleverness can be interrupted by moments of stupidity . \ " \ 
General mood so far today is : ( Metaphorically speaking ) I'm like a cute puppy who is growling . You have the urge to pet me , but you will get bitten(or mauled ) . You have been forewarned . LMAO 
My rant of the day : if you buy something that costs $9.92 , u have a $10 < PROPMALE > . Why the fuck would you dig around trying to find the $ . 92 . The is one cashier and 10 other people behind . Pay with the $10 < PROPMALE > and get ur . 08 and get the hell out of the store . Us other people have shitto do other than wait around for your fucktarded ass to remember how to count $ . 92 
Is the day over yet ? 
Sitting eating pizza bites watching Scooby Doo with the kids . After 3 straight episodes I am done with Scooby . Or I'm gonna scratch my eyes out . Lmao 
Nothing like being woken up by having someone(my son ) putting his face 1/8\ away from my face . " 
FML !! Why am I just as busy doing shit(around the house or errands ) on my day(s ) off , as I am when its a work day . I need a vacation , where its just me with no cell phone reception or WiFi . I need to be in that old 80's commerical ... Calgon take me away . I know I just dated myself . LMAO 
FUCK insomnia !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Quotes of the day : \The mind cannot long play the heart's role\ " \ 
Argh , this has been a crappy day . I need t/p to wipe this day away . 
How sad of a life do I have , when a nice hot shower is better than sex . It was 20 mins of heaven with scalding hot wetness . Lmfao 
General mood for today : apathetic . 
I hate being trapped in my own mind with thoughts . Argh !!!!! FML !! 
Dad had a scope down his throat to view his cyst . They will have to do a < PROPMALE > surgery to remove the cyst and part of his pancreas . This means he will be out of commission for a while . Hope there is no complications . Just waiting to see the surgeon and schedule the surgery . 
< PROPFEMALE > loves the hotel room(with pool only reason for the hotel ) for her birthday . She is almost 6 , where the fuck has time gone ! She will always be my baby girl . 
1 word : ARGH !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Will my kids ever go to sleep before midnight ? Time for some Nyquil . lol 
My rant of the day : You(know who u r ) do not have to be 2 faced . I am a grown man , I can take the truth you don't have to lie . Be a grown man/woman , stand up tall and say what you think . I respect people who can say what they think rather than some1 being 2-faced . I hope < PROPFEMALE > leads you to the worst and dehibilitating disease . 
Cranky ... Monster migraine , so text , email , or message at your own risk . 
Anyone want to massage my head to help get rid of my headache . Not that head ... well maybe , it might help . LMAO 
I effin hate insomnia . 
GD it ! The migraines are pissing me off ! 
Not looking forward to working today/night 
I'm bored . * starts dancing around in his whitey tighties * 
Woohoo !!! I can now stalk someone new .... I mean I now have a new friend . * whistles and looks around innocently * 
DAMN !!! I need a starbuck's frapp , time to go to QT . 
Headache is killing me , damn meds haven't worked yet and its been over an hour . Grrr ... 
Argh busy day : picking up some supplies for work ; have 3 employee evals to do ; and get to drive all over the damn metro area . 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > and Aiden to the Magic House for Livi's b-day tomorrow . I don't know who is going to have more fun , them or me . LOL 
Time to head back to work . oh yea oh yea 
Argh I fucking hate people ! I so need to get drunk !!! 
Kids had a blast at Magic House and spending time with their grandma 
If you have a blonde moment and no one's around , do you have to admit to it ? 
Getting ready to play Candyland with Livi 
Wish I didn't have to work and could be at < PROPFEMALE>'s Christmas program at school 
< PROPFEMALE > me on < PROPFEMALE > Chat ! at ID : - The NEW cross-platform messenger for iPhone/Android/BlackBerry ! 
I'm so excited , I get to drive from East < PROPMALE > to < PROPMALE > for work . * yes that was sarcasim * 
Waiting to hear from parents about dad's doc appointment , to see when he has surgery . 
\You can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older . \ " \ 
My rant of the day : This goes to the C *** at the gas station listening to my cell conversation . According to the Constitution that this wonderful country is founded upon , it gives me the right to free speech ; it does NOT give you the FUCKING right to be offended . Take your bull shit and shove back down in that pie hole ... cause it looks like you obviously know which hole the pie goes . 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > effin tired but can't sleep !!!! I hate insomnia 
Please tell me its Christmas already ! Hate short work weeks , cause they crawl by < PROPFEMALE > damn slowly . 
\Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone . \ " \ 
To everyone traveling this weekend , be safe . Remember for Christmas I take cash or gift cards . Or nude pics , wearing < PROPFEMALE > hats or just stockings . Lol 
Argh ! I'm about to go crazy with boredom . 
Its 620am , wtf ! Y are my kids awake , its not christmas day . Now then asking me to cook eggs , biscuits and gravy ! What am I a bed and breakfest ? Lol 
Just did Christmas < PROPFEMALE > dinner , and kids got to open their presents at home . Next is tomorrow at Papa and < PROPFEMALE>'s house for the rest of the spoiling . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , or whatever holiday u worship or whatever . 
So looking forward to driving in the shitty weather tomorrow morning to take kids my parents . God why do they have to live in BFE , aka High Ridge . 
Is there any bar open Christmas night , so I can escape the family ? lol . I have a feeling I might need to get drunk . Call me Nostradamus . LMAO 
If anyone is bored such as I , hit me up on FB chat or text me , # on profile 
Woohoo !!! About to finish work for the day . * does airwalk dance * 
Season 4 of Californication started last night . Hell Yeah !!!! 
Woke up sick . Grrr !!! I have to much to do for work this week . Why this week ? Why not next week , or never . FML ! 
Argh , I feel more like hell swarmed over today . I hate being sick , plus < PROPFEMALE > has been throwing up since 6am . My poor little girl . 
Finally home . Time for cold meds and pass out . Here I come oblivion !! 
I need a drink or keg . 
Anyone wanna go get drunk wit me ? 
Rant of the day : I hate people who tell ya something and then do not follow through . Don't waste my F***ing time by telling me something and not hold up your end of the deal . Why do I even waste my time with people !!! 
I feel really bad , because Aiden is now sick with what I had . Poor little man 
General mood for today : blah 
Livi is still awake . I guess time to put the smack down on the Wii to my 6 y/o . She needs to learn that Daddy is the best . LOL 
\You know very well that I no longer think . I am far too intelligent for that . \ " \ 
This was the runner-up Quote of the day :\ 
\The truest splendors are not in outward things 
Will I ever get rid of this fucking cold ? Argh ! 
< PROPFIRST > has to pee . He wanted the world to know . Lol 
\No amount of money can make others speak well of you behind your back\ " \ 
Love nighttime cold meds , time for bed 
\Power is not only what you have but what the enemy thinks you have . \ " \ 
Rant of the Day : If you are going to ask for my advice , do not get pissed if you do not agree with my 3rd-party(or objective ) point of view . I am going to tell ya what you NEED to do , not what you want to hear . Remember , fucktard , you asked me . You went out of your way to call me and asked for my advice . I really hate people sometimes ! 
Have I mentioned how much I hate people ? 
Mood for the day : Argh !!! I know very eloquent . 
\My way of joking is to tell the truth . It's the funniest joke in the world . \ " \ 
Nothing is more frustrating than to get paid and have over 60% of your check gone before you even leave your house . Is it even worth the depression ? Y can't I be a woman and be on welfare and just pop babies out for a living . Lmao 
Why in bloody hell would a doctor try and prescribe an anti-anxiety and then an anti-depressant . Wouldn't that put you right where you started , except with a drug problem ? Or still fucked up with shitty side effects from the meds ? And I pay you how much to give shitty advice ? It's like paying a therapist . Lol 
* singing * I need 199 bottles of beer lined up on wall , I need 199 bottles of beer lined up on the wall . I'll drink one down and screw you not passing it around . Now I have 198 bottles of beer on the wall . 
I need 4 dozen drinks and a keg or 2 
\The perfect pleasure : money is neither fattening nor immoral nor illegal . \ " \ 
\Girls are so queer you never know what they mean . They say No when they mean Yes 
Dad's Pancreatic surgery is postponed . Had heart cath today and found blockage in front part of heart . Has to get shunt Thursday . 
Been feeing lazy last 4 days and haven't shaved . Now I'm looking like Grizzly Adams . Argh , time to shave . 
Is misery loves company , then why r u always alone ? 
Grrr ... too much going on . I need to get away ! I need to go out for a drink or 2 . Any1 up for it ? 
No school for the little demons tomorrow . Now if I can just make it home I'll be good . Thank God I've got a 2,000 + lbs car and 4wd , lotta traction . Only the other Fucktards driving scares me . Come on people , this isn't not the first time you've driven in snow . Grr .... 
My dad had the shunt placed in his heart this morning . All is going fine , but has to put up with the hospital food tonight . Gets released some time tomorrow morning . 
If the person who plows my subdivision makes another Great Wall of < PROPFEMALE > again I will shoot someone . I've shoveled(twice ) my driveway and down into the street(so I don't have to run over that massive mound/wall ) . Especially when the last time I did it , he drove by and waved at me . FUCK YOU WHITEY !!!! * devolves into mumbling about honkies/crackers/trailer-park-whores * 
Im so bored that I'd enjoy watching paint dry or grass grow . 
My dad is on his way home from hospital . Shunt is in and all seems to be fine . 
\The words of truth are simple . \ " \ 
My rant of the day : if you feel like you need to lie to me , then don't talk to me . I will always find out in the end . You will eventually screw up and contradict yourself . I don't have a need to lie , most I will do is become very vague . Most of the time I will cut straight to the point and tell you how it is . So don't waste my time , I have more important things to do than shovel your bull shit out of my way . 
Grrr ... I hate insomnia . Have a feeling I will be up very late . Have a feeling the kids will be way too early . 
Grr ... 
Laptop has gone bye-bye . I get a new laptop . Woohooo !!!! My nerd cock is fully aroused . 
I need to go out sometime soon , like Friday or Saturday . 
Just made the most amazing brunch . Southwestern Country Omelet . Make a normal country omelet , ham and shredded potatoes , cook it like normal omelet . Then top it with a black bean salsa and sour cream . The black bean salsa is : black beans , corn , tomatoes , cilantro , lime juice , red onion , jalapeno pepper , garlic cloves , Italian salad dressing , chili powder , hot pepper sauce , and sweet red pepper . 
My new laptop was bought today , but don't get it till Saturday . Woohoo !!!! * does dance in excitement f new toy * 
\All changes are more or less tinged with melancholy 
I so need to go out drinking ! 
I was just told I am morally ambiguous . LMAO . 
I get my new laptop tomorrow . Super stoked 
I'm thinking about shaving my head bald again 
Why can't my son leave me alone for 20 mins of \daddy\ " time . Frustrated man over here !!! LMFAO " 
\Man is a question ; woman is an answer . The mistake women make today is to offer themselves as answers before being questioned . \ " \ 
I hate ironing shirts !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Anyone who has been trying to get a hold of my on my personal cell ... Sprint and I are in a disagreement about my < PROPMALE > . So you can reach me on work cell ... 636-575-7547 
I need something to do , work is boring me . Any suggestions ? Preferably that has or involves alcohol . Lmao 
Not enough sleep . Time to get ready to take kids to their Mami and Papa's . I then get my new Laptop . It's got an Intel i3 processor( 2.58 ghz ) 4 gb of RAM and 500 gb solid state hard drive . Yes I know I'm a nerd . Lol 
\You are foolish 
I am just about done setting up my new laptop . Woohoo !!! Now I can get around to enjoying it . My nerd cock is fully erect !!! LMFAO 
\I'm afraid to be alone\ 
\I dont really know who I really am\ 
\Take my hand let's go 
\I remember brown eyes 
\I look alive\ 
I really fucking hate insomnia !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
GRRRRR ..... Frustrated today . 
People , if your scared to drive in this weather ... then DON'T FUCKING DRIVE !!!! My bit ass SUV will drive right over you , and no I won't stop to make your sure your alive . I will consider it thinning out the genetic pool . 
I hate being \snowed in . I have cabin fever already and ready to strangle the kids . " 
I am so fucking BORED !!!!!!!!!! 
I'm officially bored enough to run outside and do a naked snow angel . Any1 wanna join ? Or warm me up ? LMAO 
Cute kid moment : Aiden is watching the original Batman tv show and singing the Batman song . lol 
* starts counting sheep . Is now hungry for some veal * 
Woohoo !!! 2 of my 11 buildings are closed ... 9 more to go . I soooooo hope the rest are closed so I can have 2 days off in a row . 
\I don't believe that you have to be a cow to know what milk is . \ " \ 
Argh , I am < PROPFEMALE > bored tonight at work . Nothing like driving from East < PROPMALE > , IL to Creve Couer then to Earth City . I hate driving so damn much . 
\He who tip-toes cannot stand ; he who strides cannot walk . \ " \ 
A little over 1 month away is Mardi Gras . Wooohhooo !!!!! Show me the boobies !! 
\Choose a job you love 
Grrr ... work us boring the hell out of me . 
Argh !! 
Dear Lottery , when you decide to pull your head out of your ass ... please let me know so I can cash your ass and get a new life . lol 
Quotes of the day :\ 
\No one ever discovers the depths of his own loneliness . \ " \ 
Super Bowl Sunday and I didn't make any plans . How pathetic is my life ? 
Can't wait till Friday(payday ) , so I can get my tickets to The Point Party Tent at Mardi Gras 
Grr ... I think I'm getting the stomach flu that the kids had . 
It's official , Papa Bear has the stomach flu . Now I know how shitty the kids felt last week . 
Papa Bear is now wishing he would come home and find Goldilocks in his bed . I'd do some nasty things to her . Anyone wanna put on a blond wig and come over ? LMAO 
\Only one thing has to matter for everything to matter . \ " \ 
\People here are funny . They work so hard at living 
I am on strike ! Fuck Valentines day . Women get their b-day , Valentines Day , and Mother's day . Us men get Father's day(to those who it applies ) and our b-day , and all we get is ties or socks , and if lucky get boxers . Wow , who is getting the better deal ? Hmm ... 
Stressed ! 
Stomach flu earlier this week , and now its a sinus infection . FML ! I can't win . 
Heads up to anyone who has my personal cell # . It will be changing within the week . I'll post it when I change it . 
I need a drink or 40 . 
Really digging \Sell your Soul\ " by Hollywood Undead tonight . " 
I hope everyone has a good VD today . 
March 14 is guys equivalent of V-Day , Steak and BJ day . Oh yeah !!!! Lol 
Got my new phone , message me and I'll send ya new number 
Is going to Chinese buffet for dinner tonight . Yummy !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Broken by Seether featuring < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Kids are staying with my parents till Monday !!! Woohhoo !!!!! 
Can't wait to get off work . 
Woohhooo !!!! I have rest of night off and tomorrow ! Gotta love bosses who give you your b-day off when you didn't ask for it off . Bring on the alcohol !!!! LOL 
If I could get by with going through the rest of my life without dealing with people ... I would so fucking do it . People piss me the fuck off , by wasting my time ! 
How sad is my life , its my b-day and I don't have $ to go out and celebrate . FML 
I wish I was at a bar right now . 
I hate fucking drama . If want drama I'll watch General Hospital . I need more stress as much as I need an rectal exam with the Doc using sandpaper rather than gloves 
I need several dozen drinks 
Yo hoho and 3 bottles of Rum . 
Yo ho ho(no not talking to some of u girls ) and 12 barrels of rum , is what I'm needing tonight . 
Time to go get oil change and then Barnes and < PROPMALE > to get a book . Yes isn't my life exciting ! 
Argh have to be in bed in a couple hours . 420am is going to come WAAYYYY to early . Dad id having his surgery tomorrow morning . Oh yeah ! 
At hospital waiting for Dad to head back for surgery 
Dad is still recovery from surgery . Will be in ICU for at least tonight . Any1 trying to reach me on my 636# , it is dead so email me or text/call my 314# 
Dad is still in ICU , will be getting a regular room sometime today . 
Dad is moving to a \normal\ " hospital room . So no ICU ! Things looking good " 
Dad is in the area that is a step down from ICU . Doing ok , but still in pain and is doing the only thing he can ... rest . No idea when he will be out of hospital . 
Dad is doing as expected , fine . Don't know when he will be out of the hospital . Going up tonight to see him for a little bit . 
Is thinking of going to Hot Shots in Fenton for Swim suit/Lingerie contest with Woody and Riz(The Point ) 
Woohhooo !!!! Federal income tax came in today . * does little dance * 
At Hot Shots in Fenton for guys night with The Point . Oh yeah , bikini and lingerie contest . I live women with no self-respect . Lol 
Anyone going to Mardi GRAS tomorrow ? 
At hospital with dad , had a rough night last night and a rough day today . 
Starting work , lucky me another 10+ hour day . 
Half way through with my night . Would rather be at the bar working my way through a keg 
Yank my crank ! 
Good joke I just heard . :\ 
\How much cocaine did < PROPFIRST > Sheen do ? Enough to kill 2 and a half men . \"" 
Too much going on in the next 48 hours . When will I get to sleep ? Time for No-Doze , or 10 5-hour energy drinks . Keep the defib paddles warmed up . LOL 
Grr !!!! Says it all . 
Getting ready to head up to hospital and spend evening with Dad . Secondary bonus is I don't have to work tonight . 
I heard about this thing that is a large square fluffy thing called a bed . I also heard that on that thing called a bed , is rectangular goose feather filled things called pillows . The shocking thing is that I heard you lay down on them , and do this activity called sleep . What an absurd idea this \sleep\ " thing is . " 
I need copious amount of alcohol and sleep , in that order . 
Next person who pinches me for not wearing green , is gonna get bitch/pimp smacked . I'm < PROPFEMALE > , I don't need to wear green you fucktards . I'm green through and through , and not because of the green infection in my crotch either 
Time for a MOFO nap . 
I'm not motivated tonight , so I am < PROPFEMALE > not feeling it at work . Who's got the alcohol ? 
Would it bad to punch someone who is obviously not < PROPFEMALE > , when they tell me happy St. Paddy's day ? Two separate people , 1 was Of Latin descent and the other was Asian . U R NOT FUCKING < PROPFEMALE > , U DUMB FUCKTARDS , SO QUIT ACTING LIKE U R U AA FLUNKYS . You will not see me celebrating Cinco de mayo , cause I'm too fucking white , and obviously not Mexican . Grrr ... I hate people !! 
Son of a Bitch !!!!!!!!!! I HATE INSOMNIA !!! 
WTF !! I slept for less than 2 hours and now I have been awake for 3 hours and no end in sight . GRRRR !!!!! 
Spent all night Saturday(till Sunday morning at 8am ) with my dad at the hospital . Things are not looking so good , wondering if he will even make it out of the hospital at this point . 
Argh !!! I hate when work brings me to < PROPMALE > area . Too long of a GD drive . 
After tonight , I have rest of the week off !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Woohoo me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\No one can make you feel inferior without your consent . \ " \ 
Woohoo , I have tonight off !!!! * does his < PROPFEMALE > jig * 
SSHHHH !!!! I see fucktards !!! 
Call 911 , cause I'm about to go on a rant . People need to swallow rat poison and \thin the herd \"" 
Going to hospital to see dad . Hope dont get snowed in there . 
SOB !!!! Insomnia has been killing me last 2 weeks+ . Maybe I should become an alcoholic , then maybe I could pass out and sleep . 
At hospital with Dad . I'm BORED !!! Anyone wanna keep me company ya can text me 
I am excited , Sis is coming back to visit . I can't wait to see my OLDER lil sis and my nephews . Oh , and my bro-in-law . lol 
I am < PROPFEMALE > considering getting a tat < PROPFEMALE > n 
Time to go wash the car . Anyone wanna come help me ? Ya got to wear a bikini though . No I will not be wearing one , I haven't shaved my nipple or ass . 
If my kids don't quit playing with my shoes , and losing them , I'm gonna < PROPFEMALE > them up by their toes on the laundry line and beat them like a rug during spring cleaning . 
I am told women are good at multi-tasking . The facts that I use to dispute this is the following : women can't drive and talk on the cell ; walk and chew gum ; and cook dinner and do laundry . The first one is what started this tirade . lol 
how are you to spank a monkey when it flings poo at you ? 
I need some alcohol 
I am bored enough to run up and down the street in my whitey tighties 
\But time growing old teaches all things . \ " \ 
Argh ! Time to shave head and face . Shower time ! * does imitation of MC Hammer dance heading towards the shower * 
I am < PROPFEMALE > excited , my big(well she's actually littler than me)Sis is in town visiting till Saturday . I get to see my nephews also ! 
I wanna go see the movie \Sucker Punch \"" 
Heard this quote and found it very intriguing :\ 
\If you don't stand for something 
Woohoo , I just increased the the speed of my laptop . I had 4GB RAM , now with the Micro SD card it adds 14GB to ReadyBoost . Nice to click on a program and it instantly opens with virtually no lag time . My inner nerd has such a hard-on right now . lol 
I am < PROPFEMALE > SICK of politicians . Get the GD budget passed . 
