This day in history ... the opening of the Monterey Pop Festival , 1967 . Imagine if that had never happened .... 

Sometimes city living includes standing on the balcony , having a legitimate conversation with some raccoons , and feeling the electricity of the thunderstorm moving across the cemetery and out onto the lake .... 
I don't mean to offend anyone ... I respect the music and talent , but the man was a scumbag and a child molester . I hope he felt every second of that hearthattack , which we know he didn't because it was caused by chemicals . It's just a shame , all around . 
Rectify . Simplify . Amplify . 
is going to California ! 
It's not very far from sulfur to sugarcane ... 
is suddenly wide-awake .... 
8 days ... :) 
Usually the thing you're looking for is right there under your nose ... and you never even knew it :) 
The universe is totally working against me today ... any other takers ? 
That's the best thing about plans ... they can change ;) 
Nothing like cutting your own hair while you're intoxicated ... I think it turned out pretty good , I'll let you know tomorrow ;) 
Can't wait for 2010 ... 
\Don't Walk\ " means DON'T EFFING WALK ! " 
The best things in life are free ... but you can give them to the birds and bees , I want money !!!!.... ( that's what I want . ) 
People never fail to amaze me ... unfortunately today it's in the bad way . How does one become so damn trashy ? I won't name any names but I HATE to see yet another intelligent , independent female waste her life on garbage .... lame . Too bad , so sad . Take care of yourselves , ladies ;) 
The \other shoe\ " is officially dead . I killed it yesterday . Everyone can stop waiting now ... " 
34 days ... 
He knows what I'm thinking before I'm even thinking it ;) 
I could really use that e-mail .... 
The key fell out of the envelope .... of course . I reeeeeaaaaalllllyyyyy need that e-mail . 
So ... who wants to buy my car ??? I'll sell it to you ... CHEAP . ( seriously . ) 
Lines of communication are down ... apparently it's on to plan \B\ " ... Now I just have to figure out what plan \ " B\ " actually consists of . " 
24 Days ... Oh , and did anyone else notice that daylight savings time ends on Halloween night ? So that means I can stay at the bar until 6 am ..? Chaos . 
Just spent 45 precious minutes looking for a PARKING SPACE ... I'm sure not gonna miss that ! 
Really should be packing .... going to the movies instead :) 
My dad bought my mom a \wii\ " for their aniversary ... I think that is just about the cutest thing I've ever heard :) " 
I am moving in 11 days and I haven't packed a damn thing ... I should probably get on that . \Hurry up and wait\ " just turned into \ " hurry up \"." 
Is probably having the best last day of work ever ! Love it ! 
made it to California safe and sound and probably a little less sane .... and I will NOT be going to see New < PROPFEMALE > this weekend ... or any other weekend for that matter . I love you guys but you really need to get out more ;) 
Happy Thanksgiving , everyone . Hope it's the best dang turkey you ever did eat . Oh , and don't forget to support your local economy- skip the \Big Box\ " stores on black friday . What you pay for is usually exactly what you get ;) " 
Three cheers to the great lakes state ... it's good to be home . 
\Climategate\ " ? Really ? Is anyone really all that surprised ? I'm so tired of seeing and hearing news that isn't actually newsworthy . " 
I heart the < PROPFEMALE > girls ;) 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! I'm not ususally the mushy type , but I'd like to say ... I am so fortunate to have a life that has been filled with so much love . Over these 26 , oops , I mean 25 years I have been so lucky to have known so many wonderful people ... you are the ones who make my life complete . If I were to die today , my life would be complete- so full and < PROPMALE > in love , happiness , and amazing memories . 
Putting the celebrations to rest for another year ... Thanks for an awesome birthday kids ! 
Almost just got killed ! Just because you drive a big stupid ga s.u.v. does not give you the right to blatently run a red light on 16 mile ! Thank god I got my brakes done before I left Chicago or I would be super not alive right now . 
is soooo over it . Oh , and you people better clean it up a bit , I'm about ready to take out the trash , if you know what I'm sayin ' . 
is \like a really good pair of shoes \"." 
So today is suppossed to be a job-hunting day ... but this is apparently the cold that never ends ! I feel completely awful ... so unless they want a resume covered in grossness I think I better double-up on the ny-quil and hit the streets tomorrow . Boo ... 
nude ;) 
Needs to find a hobby ... or adopt a kitten . Not sure which . 
is going to get a < PROPFEMALE > today ! 
I hate it when I'm up late and I know all of the people I want to call are asleep ... Early road trip and then hiking tomorrow ... guess I can't complain ! 
Hiked to the \highest point in the Diegos\ " today ... it's finally starting to feel like California ! " 
This must be one of the 9 days per year it isn't < PROPFEMALE > in San < PROPMALE > ... it's a monsoon ! The wind sounds like it's gonna tear off the roof ! Staying inside with the < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Oh how I love wife swap ... seriously , where do they find these people ? Today it's a 40-year-old wannabe swimsuit model and a granny bison lover . This should be good . 
Of course I have company coming tomorrow and the unused bathroom decides now would be a good time to have plumbing problems ... urgh . 
Had an amazing time this week ... Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Experienced an earthquake this morning ... too weird ! Nothing like waking up to your bed shaking ! 
Just sold her car !!!!! ( score ! ) 
will not be watching LOST tonight . Yay for that ;) 
Why is Incubus so awful on my TV right now ..?.. I hate it . I weap for the future/past .... and nothing in between . 
Boy is home :) 
Seriously people , it's just some snow . It's February in the midwest . What were you expecting ? Remember back in the day when it really used to snow ? Like all winter long ? ( Maybe it just seemed like more snow because I was smaller ... ) 
It's rilly awsome that you can post statis updates to facebook frum you're phone .... Now if only you cud lern to spell . 
Survived the desert and had a pretty awesome weekend ! Crazy mountain passes , backwoods camping , and homemade pie ... ( you can't shake a stick at it ! ) 
and the Coachella countdown begins ... 9 days .... 
Let your freak flag fly ! 
Coachella was amazing ! ( two enthusiastic thumbs up . ) 
When it rains it pours ... just left one interview and immediately got a call for another . Love it . 
When did the internet get so boring ??? ( yawn . ) 
Happy earth day ! Did you know ... the fertilization process of organic foods is actually MORE harmful to the soil/food/planet than that of non-organic foods ? Also , if we only ate organically grown foods , 2/3 of the earth's population would die of starvation ? Consume smarter , buy local , and long live genetically engineered foods ... you've already been eating them most of your life anyway ! 
The lady downstairs called and woke me up at 5 am telling me to get out of the house because she mistook a bad skunk spray for a gas leak , and now the gas company is outside digging holes for nothing . What a waste of time and resources . How can you be 40+ and not know the difference between rotten eggs and skunk ? Crazy < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Had an awesome night last night ! Finally starting to feel like I'm in my element ... 
So I've been thinking I should maybe start a stand-up act . Knock twice if you agree . 
Feeling good , feelin ' great , feelin ' great , great , great ... especially considering the number of beers I drank last night ;) 
I've said it before and yet it just proves itself again and again ... Arizona is a place where people go to die . Just ask < PROPFIRST > McCain . 
So , let me get this straight ... The most interesting man in the world drinks dos equis , rides a one-wheeled mountain bike , has a robot that follows him around and changes his clothes , and has a snow-capped mountain growing out of his armpit ??? What is going on with commercials these days ? 
I love dipping my toes in the ocean at 7 am ... 
My , my , my ... the month of May is shaping up to be quite fantastic , if I do say so myself . 
Please take a moment out of this busy day and CELEBRATE yourself ... You a truely awesome . 
That was way too many airplanes ... but I made it ! 
Ready , Set , Sleep ! 
Why does everything have to be so difficult ? There are little pieces of me spread across the country , and I'm not sure I'll ever be able to put them back together ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! Off to the beach perhaps ? Then it's kareoke time ... not by choice . 
First night of work at a job I'm way too qualified for , however I'm thankful to have it ... Hopefully the stars will align and I'll be promoted in a relatively expeditious manner . Time to shine ! 
Cleaning , Hiking , Picnic , Beachy Sunset . 
< PROPFEMALE > earthquakes ... so many < PROPFEMALE > earthquakes . \ 
\ 
The big one is coming . 
Preparing to take over the world ? 
If I were any less active , I would be dead . Laziest day ever . 
That's ok , I didn't really want to work today anyway . Dicks . 
Kind of a big day tomorrow ... wish me luck ! 
Green light on school in the fall ... so excited ! Also ... LA for EDC with SDS this weekend . It's about damn time . 
Electric < PROPFEMALE > Carnival was AWESOME ... but LA is kinda gross . I don't see what all the hype is about . Made lots of new friends . Oh , also .... I heart < PROPFEMALE > Braxton . 
had a pretty huge day . Monumental , even . Everything is just falling into place ... 
Hey whiney people ... stop complaining . No one cares , and it is NOT making anyone want to have sex with you . Save the drama for your mama . Just sayin ' . \ 
( be positive . ) 
had an awesome time @ MGMT last night ! As for the weekend .... a large dose of sign-holding , some < PROPFIRST > time , and then it's off to AZ on monday ... yes , that's right , I wait until the dog days of summer to go to the desert . 
It finally feels like summer in SD ... and I couldn't be happier ! Lovin ' the sunshine ... \ 
:) 
Get ready Arizona ... here I come ! 
Ya know , I can't complain . Things just keep getting better and better . Finances are looking up , I finally have a tan , and I'm going surfing tomorrow . Plus I dragged my girl back here from Havasu , and she's having a blast . Good times and sunshine , my two favorite things ;) 
I love sitting in the lifeguard stand past midnight , watching the waves crash down the coast ... \ 
almost as white as the whitest snow . 
Friday just feels better . \ 
Even if I do have to work all weekend . 
Loooong weekend . Making dinner for my orphan , then maybe some evening beachy-time ? We shall see ... 
Uh-oh ... I think I feel a cold coming on . This is SO not a good time for it , either . 
Sometimes I am amazed by the sheer impact I have on people . You never realize how much you can affect a life with just a few words .... 
Adventurous day ... tried to go for a bike ride . It was going great until < PROPFIRST > did six flips and landed on his head . Poor < PROPFIRST > . Feel better < PROPMALE > . Just ate way too much ice cream , time for some rockband and a sugar-induced coma . 
Alright , orientation is over ... now I just have to go buy some school supplies . I seriously feel like a kid again . At least I have a job where I can do homework . ( score . ) 
First day of school was pretty AWESOME !!! I like all my teachers and I made a new friend and she made me a peanut butter and jelly for lunch . On the up and up . 
My weekend is here ! Now I just have to work all weekend and study for midterms ... but not tonight ! Off to the beach for a bonfire :) 
Hooray new phone ! 
Has an intense amount of homework to do . Boo . 
Had a busy but satisfying day . Sleepytime ... 
For the record , there is no OBPD . 
You can put the boy in a dashiki , but you can't make him dance . 
And the homework marathon begins .... 
Today was HECTIC ... to say the least . Thank god that's over ! 
Finals are over ! Time to celebrate ;) 
Brief encounter with ' americas finest ' , but otherwise a perfectly respectable evening ... Good friends , good times , good fire , can't beat it ! 
Sushi and Mischief in OB ... 
Just another beautiful day in SD ... now for something productive to do . 
Phoenix concert tonight ! 
Noodle House and Portugalia with Wifey ! 
I love my life ... 
Yet another less-than-productive day ... but I did at least manage to go grocery shopping ! Making dinner for my boo(s ) . 
Busy , busy week ! Back to school today , Vampire Weekend tonight , LA for trade show tomorrow , interview tomorrow ( wish me luck ! ) , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > on Friday ... so much going on !!! 
Another glorious sunset . 
First thunderstorm since I moved here- crazy ! I love it ! In other news , guess who is currently carrying a 4.0 gpa ? That's right , yours truly ! ( Do the happy dance ! ) 
Lomo Love at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s birthday ... 
Pardon me , FCC ... Why would you schedule me 6 credits this quarter and 15 the next ??? \ 
What's the basis ? 
Too many chiefs , not enough indians ... \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Hangar tonight ! 
Really ? 3am ? That is absolutely ridiculous ! Everyone boycott black friday ! Enough is enough . 
Um ... How is it exactly that the pokemon balloons have been in the macys parade for a decade , yet this is the kool-aid man's first year ? \ 
That just ain't right . \ 
Happy turkey day everyone . 
Passion pit ... 
Oh money , how I hate you ... \ 
Dislike . 
80 degrees on Sunday ! I am definitely going to the beach ! \ 
( yesssssssssss . ) 
Geez people get fiesty at the airport ! San < PROPMALE > , you will be missed , everyone else , brace yourself , here I come ! 
Wow , thanks for all the birthday love everybody ! Next year for my birthday , I will be in a lovely room in a very tall floor at the < PROPFIRST > , with a box of wine and a pizza , and NO ONE IS INVITED . Love you guys . 
If you seek a pleasant peninsula , look about you ... 
Headed back to MC tomorrow ... somebody claim me ! 
Excuse me , Mt . Clemens ... But what exactly is going on here ? It looks like < PROPMALE > hardy threw up and miss < PROPMALE > . The older ones are suppos < PROPMALE > to teach the younger ones ... get it together , people ! Stay classy , clemminites . I'll catch ya later . 
\I believe it's < PROPMALE > for a whale's vagina ... \"" 
Dinner date with Weggs ... 
Boo strep throat ... Yuck . 
Yet another beautiful day in < PROPFEMALE > San < PROPMALE > .... 
American consumerism at it's grimey-est .... 
is already having a wonderful day ! Now if I could just find a damn parking spot at Coachella , I'd be all kinds of set . Any leads ? 
Um ..... pillow fight day tomorrow downtown ! Who's coming with me ? 
There really is nothing less sexy than an aging hipster . \ 
Fact Confirmed . \ 
Stay thirsty , my friends . 
I really do heart < PROPFIRST > Smith ... \ 
I think I was born in the wrong decade . \ 
Thank you VH1 Classic . 
Sloth ....... 
Even my phone had chalk on it . 
For the record , I invented incomplisults . \ 
See also : inventi-brags . 
I love the rain ... 
is feeling extremely productive today ! Lets see what I can accomplish . 
Well in that case , I don't feel so bad ... I'm glad everyone had the same idea I did . \ 
( go team ! ) 
Oh my god I think it might snow ... 
Dear Radiohead , \ 
Thank you for being so amazing . \ 
I adore you . \ 
Sincerely yours , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Hey , San < PROPMALE > ! Who wants to have drinks with me tonight ? 
Hey grandma ! I thought you were supposed to be living forever ... Don't give up on me now . 
Hooray for the \hide\ " button . " 
Amd just like that , it becomes a non-issue . \ 
Just like that . 
So ... Has anyone seen the show baggage on gsn ? A-MA-ZING . \ 
Happy St. Patirck's Day , dudes and dudettes . 
I love my nerd herd . \ 
R.I.P. , LCD Soundsystem ... it was a good run . 
I freaking love pauly shore ... Where did he go ? \ 
Sunday is definitely my old cheesy movies day . 
