Hoping for a little more promise this year . 2009 was a horrible year !!! 

Livin the Simple Life , and lovin it all 
Wonder what my kids are doin ... 
My president is retarded 
Moving this weekend . 
Having to make a choice between my husband and my son . \Blood is thicker than water \"." 
Learned today that my waitressing days are behind me . I came home and cried from the agonizing pain in my legs ... I only had 2 tables of my own . How pathetic is that ? 
Looking forward to a little down time . Was off yesterday so we ran all over 2 counties doing the flea market thing . Yes , we're rednecks . 
6 more days and I'll know the gender of my other grandbaby . The anticipation is killing me . 
Got my cancerous mole removed today ... my face is sore as hell ! 
Tried a new recipe today : pepperoni and slim < PROPMALE > pizza . Pretty darn good , I must say . 
Where'd all these grey hairs come from ? 
Finally got moved !! Thanks < PROPMALE > for all your help . It almost looks like a home and not a storage shed anymore , lol . My aching legs !!! 
Had a very long Memorial day ... five days . Now it's back to the cafe ' & I probably won't be worth crap !! 
Went marketing at the New River Valley fairgrounds yesterday in Dublin . Today I'm nursing a sunburn ... but it was worth it !! Hubby loved it and is already making plans to go back in September ... yea !!! 
My first grand-daughter was born today . Can't upload photos from my phone onto my pc , dang it , but I should have some to share tomorrow . She's beautiful !! 
< PROPFIRST > took me to eat in < PROPMALE > City , TN after a long , hard day's work . It was a nice drive and the meal was delicious . It was first visit to < PROPFEMALE > Garden , but not my last . 
We placed 4th !! Good race boys ! 
Back to work tomorrow . I get to find out how we did over the weekend . I enjoyed working side by side with my son . That was fun . 
Another granddaughter born today . I'm racking up on little girls , lol . 
Got to read at < PROPFEMALE > Bed yesterday . Amazed I can concentrate with the sound of gunfire around me . Maybe I'm ready . 
Spent the past 2 days at the country club ... BORRRING !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > needs Christmas lists 
I found Heaven . It's in the Sunbeam brand heated mattress pads . My legs and back love it !! 
My planets are in perfect alignment this week for love and romance . Rest up , < PROPFEMALE > !! 
I've officially donated my body to University of Tennessee upon my death . 
Haven't worked a single day this week ... and liking it , at least until payday . 
I think I'm finally done with Christmas shopping ( YEA ! ) . Now , time for the shipping ( BOO ! ) . 
Catered a Christmas party last night and there's another one tonight . Wouldn't be so bad if I could sleep past 7am and my back didn't burn from pain . Definitely preparing for that tonight with a ThermaWrap and a bottle of pain pills . 
Got the next 5 days off YEA !!! 
Im racked with guilt . I feel so bad for celebrating a pagan holiday . My last year for this paganism . 
I'm ready for a permanent summer . What's the purpose of Winter , anyway ? 
I have a feeling it's going to be a great day , despite the snow . I'm going to beat < PROPFIRST > in Tennis , < PROPFEMALE > Pong , and Baseball . 
I am considering putting in my 2 week notice and applying for disability . I have more bad days than good and I can't do my job like I used to . 2 days of work = 3 days in bed , and 8+ hours a day kicks my butt . How depressing !! 
To everyone who sends me pictures and other media files to my phone : Just learned these types of messages cost extra . Please send them to me via Facebook or email . \ 
Thank you kindly . 
I see grass !! Wonder how long it will last . 
I've begun the disability process . I've found some crafts that look easy enogh and for which I have all the necessary supplies . Hopefully I'll get my W-2 soon so I won't be too much of a burden to my husband . Lord , give us strength . 
Of my whopping 19 FB friends , only 4 are non-family members . 2 of those 4 could be classified as family if I got creative ( < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s mom & the mother of one of my granddaughters ) , so that leaves 2 . Can you say \schizoid \"?" 
Today is my last day of work . I'm going to miss it , but I bet my body will rejoice . 
Jonny < PROPFEMALE > will be in < PROPFEMALE > , NC in April . I SO wanna go !! 
Sometimes I hate being me . I'm so frustrated with my health and inability to find proper treatment . But I shall persevere and become a stronger person along the way . 
?????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
It's daughters Week ! If you have a beautiful daughter(s ) that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????? 
Supposed to get up to 54 degrees today so we're going to trek over to the flea market in Bristol . Now I just have to rid myself of the massive pain in my back , side , and abdomen and I'll be good to go . Looks like a public intoxication day !! 
Yesterday was a great day . We went to the Dollar Tree ( at my request ) and then to Wal-Mart . For lunch , we stopped at Red Lobster . And no pain until after we got home ( YEA ) . That's an accomplishment in itself . 
Today is Nat'l Rare Disease Day ! Praying cures will be discovered for the millions afflicted . 
Got an appointment with a nephrologist at UVA on March 15 YEA !! I hope he/she gives my doc a course other than the one I'm on , which is none at all . 
Went to my urologist today and he told me I no longer have retroperitoneal fibrosis . He must be an awesome doctor because I am the first the be cured of it in the whole history of the disease . 
It's officially yard sale season ! This is my favorite time of the year . 
