i just made this thing today ! i need to upload pictures !! : ) 

I'm < PROPFEMALE > tired ! Leaving for Vegas friday ! : ) 
going to go shower ! leaving for vegas today !! : ) 
gooood morning : ) 
boring night !! ahhhh !! : ) 
it's been quite a while ... 
God is the only one far enough above us all to look down on anyone , and He is the only one who sees everything well enough to judge anyone . 
add my twitter !! :) twitter.com/summerbaby614 
follow me on twitter :) twitter.com/summerbaby614 
follow me !! :) twitter.com/summerbaby614 
i have decided that this year will be a good year . 
When it's cold outside , show the world the warmth of your smile :) 
Everything will be okay in the end . If it's not okay , it's not the end . 
Happiness is all around you . You're just not looking hard enough :) 
always loves new friends :) 
this is why i have deleted all my pictures ... lol . 
wish i wasn't feeling so lazy right now !! 
dance is love . love is life . therefore , dance is life :) 
text me while i lay in bed !! :( 
wish tomorrow could just be friday ! 
Just because he may not answer , doesn't mean he don't care . Some of god's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers . 
.. i need to take a holiday 
when you're dreaming with a broken heart , the waking up is the hardest part <3 
getting ready timeeeeeee 
tiredddddd . feel weird today .. hmm 
i need a good photographer !! if you know one PERSONALLY let me know please ! preferably somebody who is talented .. i need dance pictures :) 
exhausted :( 
see i was a problem child , been grounded my whole life , so now i'm running wild ;) 
first friday was gay as expected . but still beat iron man .. hahah 
tattoo fixed today .. then ended up making it bigger ha 
Don't let ' em say you ain't beautiful . 
thinking summer just needs to be here already :) 
girls with comb-overs = annoying 
today ended up being a really good day thanks to a couple people ... :) 
lalalalala ... :) 
\Heaven\ 
how do you keep your feet on the ground when you know you were born to fly ? 
down the road the sun is shining , with every cloud there's a silver lining , just keep holding on . every heartache makes you stronger , and it won't be much longer . you'll find love , you'll find peace , and the you you're ment to be . i know right now that's not the way you feel , but one day you will :) 
the next 4 hours of my life is going to be devoted to the sun .. going to the lake ! :) <3 this is the beginning of a beautiful summer ! 
today was very .. eventful . hahah 
oh ! and i just loveee sketchy people :) 
moms writing my english final for me whats upppp :) 
ONE more thing that i love !.. people who don't stick to what they say .. the best :) 
So much to do today ! But i'm excitedddd :) some people are just a waste of time .. over itttt :) 
Never let the fear of striking out , keep you from playing the game . 
I wanna feel invincible . I wanna feel on top of the world . I wanna live in the clouds and never come back down . I'm not asking for superman . I'm just asking for a boy that will look at me like I put the stars in the sky . <3 
every time you say my name , it's like a little prayer :) <3 
tanning and giving my dog a bath , and then church tonight ! it's been a while ! haha :) 
keep having mixed thoughts .. but not going to overthink anything . its summer and i'm just ready for some fuuuuun 
tonight will be fun :) showerrr timeee 
don't feel good . hate some people right now . unfortunantly i have alot to do tomorrow . 
Do something everyday that scares you . It's then that you'll discover what you're truly capable of . 
should be getting ready ! but i'm ready for the best weekend pretty much EVER 
i gotta feeling ..... :) 
every story has an end , but in life , every ending is just a new beginning . <3 
isn't it funny how day by day , nothing changes . but when we look back , everything is different .. 
gonna get my belly button pierced ahhh D: 
WELL ... hahahahahhahaha 
< PROPFIRST > thinks i should take up baking as a ' hobby ' .. i would but i think i would burn the house down 
When the tides of life turn against you\ 
and the current upsets your boat\ 
don't waste your tears on what could've been\ 
just lay on your back and float <3 
why does < PROPFIRST > duck wear a towel when he gets out of the\ 
shower when he already doesn't wear any pants ? just a thought 
i love sun dresses :) 
Life's a climb , but the view is great . \ 
\ 
forgot how much i love this movie ! :) 
not looking forward to this night . 
.. let's see how this goes 
We either make ourselves miserable , or we make ourselves strong . The amount of work is the same . 
.. actions speak louder than words 
going to run errands with miss shea .. how adult-like of us ;) 
your life is a flashback , a question , a photogragh , a statement , a story , a struggle , a < PROPMALE > to laugh . Cuz if you don't laugh you cry , the last crescendo when you die , so hit the rewind , listen , and playback , the soundtrack to your life 
You may say I'm a dreamer but I'm not the only one <3 
There is a bit of insanity in dancing that does everybody a great deal of good . \ 
Dancing with the feet is one thing , but dancing with the heart is another . <3 
some people are seriously just so rediculous 
Well , if the sky opened up and started pouring rain\ 
Like it knew it was time to start things over again\ 
It'd be alright , it's alright , it'd be easier that way 
Well-behaved women rarely make history . 
Heaven help the fool that did her wrong . \ 
It's too late , too bad , she's too far gone . \ 
If she's lonely now , she won't be lonely long . 
I want french toast somebody come make it for me pleaseee :) 
I wanna watch because of winn-dixie :) 
need to start packing soon !! excited for cold weather :) 
\I believe there is a force in this world that lives beneath the\ 
officially i have the best life i think .. hahahhahah :) love it 
.. i'm definitely not sure how i ended up doing that 
\Justin Bieber is in the hospital .. He fell off a \ 
No matter what people tell you , words and ideas \ 
can change the world 
i like people who bring me food :) 
mad when my phones dies and i'm not home and don't have my charger 
good morning ARIZONA :) it's nice outside today ! 
When you're awake at 4 a.m. and you don't miss anyone , that's when you know that you've been gone for too long . Or that there's no one really there to miss or think about . And you haven't been gone , but just alone for too long . 
he said i love you and that's what you're getting yourself into 
Church with < PROPFEMALE > simmons :) 
I hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean . 
no more phone for me :( 
can today please be over already .. 
“Take time to listen to your heart . Sometimes , you \ 
need to ask yourself who you really love the most . But this time , ask \ 
yourself who really just makes you happy . ” 
new phone . if you have my number text me so i have yours please :) 
can i just fast forward through the next 4 days of my life please ? 
my 2 year old neice just called 911 on my phone on accident !!! omg lol 
you're so funny . you're so NOT funny . 
you are not powerless . you are good enough . believe it . 
i love < PROPFEMALE > simmons and boys suck :) the next 5 days with her are gonna be good ! haha 
lightening my hair possibly ? :) 
pretty excited for these new tattoos :) 
creepers i swear .. 
shawty is a eenie meenie mini mo loverrr ksdjfgjklaje ; fjhdshd wish this song wasn't stuck in my head ! 
decided i need to get into a new studio . :) 
practice what you preach . 
just witnessed pretty much the funniest thing in my life ever . 
< PROPFIRST > eat world is still as amazing as i remembered . any new music suggestions ? 
.. never thought i'd believe in < PROPFEMALE > as much as i do right now 
loving atmosphere right now . and parachute of coarse ! 
that's not obvious at all .. hahahahhah 
i really should sleep and i can't :( 
happy 4th of july :) 
painting today :) if you need something to do tonight let me know . text me ! 
\The trouble with some women is they get all excited about nothing – and then they marry him . \"" 
Let us die young or let us live forever\ 
We don't have the power , but we never say never 
feeling good :) 
In order to be irreplaceable , one must always be different . 
“That’s the thing . Sometimes when you sacrifice something precious , you’re not really losing it . You’re just passing it on to someone else . ” 
I wanna be , forever young <3 
i like nice people .. thank you 
i have a cold :( 
8172 ) Is it sad that i love my dog more than most people ? 
whatever you do in life will be insignificant . but it's very important that you do it . <3 
really happy ! i'm so proud of myself for being such a strong person . :) 
babysitting the 2 cutest nieces ever ! just got done laying by the pool and swimming :) 
28 days ... 
it's 424367857 degrees and yet it's still freeeezinggg cold getting out of the shower ! 
extremely sad i missed the hills final show and after show tonight and i didnt even record it ! :( 
let's go to california .. i'm so ready for this 
3 weeks until i'm in Texas :) so . excited . !!! 
chipotle with my < PROPFEMALE > tonight :) 
these next few weeks will be goooood :) then texas first week of august ! with my love < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 
dipping chocolate < PROPMALE > crackers in mocha frappachino is officially my new favorite thing :) 
beautiful cali ... :) 
\Make a wish\ " \ 
yayyy carrots ! hahaha :) 
where you've been isn't nearly as important as where you're going . 
love outside right now :) 
so sick of packing ! moving is no fun :( 
my cat had kittens today .. gross i know . if anybody wants one PLEASE take one ha 
Los < PROPFEMALE > , I'm Yours - The Decemberists .. when it's 3 a.m. and i'm delirious i tend to listen to annoying music .. ha 
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it . 
interview at buckle this weeeek :) 
\I was hiding under your porch because I love you . \"" 
I think that's what's wrong with the world . People walk with their heads down , and never see how beautiful the sky is . 
And with a broken wing , she still sings . she’ keeps an eye on the sky . with a broken wing , she carries her dreams . man , you ought to see her fly . 
rise and shine :) today is a good day 
I'm just an ordinary person who has been blessed with extraordinary opportunities and experiences . Today is one of those experiences . 
:)) 
unbelievable . i really wish i didn't care so much for other people sometimes . i mean don't you hate when you do something for somebody who truly doesn't deserve it and even after they still don't appreciate you ? .. i do 
\And I love that you are the last person I want\ 
Just made cookies :) 
and it's the magic of risking everything for a dream that nobody sees , but you . 
' He who overcomes , I will make him a pillar in the < PROPFEMALE > of My God ' revelations 3:12 
Love you mama . I bet heaven is so much more beautiful now that it has you in it . <3 
take the initiative to change the things that keep you from what you really want . you'll be glad you did 
Just made the worst chocolate chip cookies probably ever 
new things i love ? hand/finger tattoos 
CAN NOT wait to just be in california already . time needs to hurry uppppp 
.. baby steps 
\I don’t know who I am . I’m not who I thought I was . I’m more . I’m complicated in ways I’ve never realized before . I’m not supposed to be simple . I’m complicated . I’m a mess . I can think a hundred differentthings at once . I’m one insignificant creature and I’m the center of the universe . My existence has no meaning and my existence is it's own meaning . I am therefore I am . \"" 
My hair is no longer black ladies and gentlemen 
i just love country music so much and eating ice cream even though i hate it :) 
I'm just an ordinary person who had been blessed with extraordinary opportunities and experiences . Today is one of those experiences . 
Love don't make things nice . It makes things a mess . We're not here to make things perfect . The stars are perfect . Not us . 
he's the song in the car i keep singing , don't know why i do 
random boy at qt stopped me while i was getting in my car to tell me i was the prettiest girl he has ever seen .. sweetest thing 
84 days til christmas :) 
The hardest thing about growing up is that you have to do what's best for you , even if it means breaking someone's heart , including your own . 
If only anyone had any idea how cool i look right now ... 
Sitting in the library because apparently my class got moved . Not sure why i didn't know about this 
i miss < PROPFEMALE > Gallagher !! something needs to be done about this ! 
71 days until christmas :) 
\it's funny how things don't work out sometimes . it's funny how they do . \"" 
exxxcccciteeddd :))) 
Attention world : it's not Giulia Abishalom's fault that she's iraqy 
.. to get what you want , you first gotta remember what you deserve 
why am i awake right now ? nobody knows haha hope everybody had a good night :) you are all wonderful ! 
In memory of < PROPFIRST > Romero . You are loved and missed . Keep < PROPFIRST>'s family in your prayers while they go through this tragic loss . RIP 10/31/10 :( 
\I can contradict myself . I’m not supposed to be simple . I’m\ 
You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings . 
who's an unhappy camper ? .. this girl :( 
I'm laying out in the sun in november . . . what is wrong with this ? 
There are two thousand known fears that are identified in us . However , \ 
we are only born with two kinds of fear . The fear of heights and the\ 
fear of loud noises . Guess where the others came from ? We learned them . 
Yesterday our troubles seemed so far away , I believe in yesterday . 
The world is still spinning and so are we and so are you . When the spinning stops--that'll be the time to worry . Not before . 
\and it's a great day to be alive\ " :) " 
< PROPMALE > potter is stupid . yeah i said it .. 
i loveee < PROPFEMALE > Headley ! and not just because she took me to chic-fil-a :) 
\Love don't make things nice . Love makes things a mess . We're not here to make things perfect . The stars are perfect . Not us . \ " ? :) " 
I think it's only necassary to let everybody know that it is not impossible to sneeze with your eyes open . I just did it 
\I love that you get cold when it's 71 degrees out . I love that it\ 
beatles albums are now available on itunes , i think my life is officially complete :) 
so . tireddddd . one person i would like to see right now and he happens to be 1000 < PROPMALE > away . and i hate being sick :( 
Sometimes the heart doesn’t know what it wants until it finds what it wants . - the office 
irritated at the fact that i could easily KILL this kid at halo but instead i have to let him win . this is ridiculous 
Oh oh oh I wanna go crazy , wanna go crazy with you ? 
.. 1 year and 10 months . hope everything is going good , you deserve it 
today was a good one . i am thankful for family , red nail polish , cake batter ice cream , the office , orange juice , down comforters , and < PROPFIRST > mccartney . goodnight :) 
.. a piece of the puzzle is still missing . same piece that's always missing 
who is sad and stressed ? .. this girl :( 
Something dies when you grow older , But you do the best you can 
I wanna feel invincible . I wanna feel on top of the world . I wanna live in the clouds and never come back down . 
Here’s one of the things I learned that morning : if you cross a line and nothing happens , the line loses meaning . And You keep drawing a line farther and farther away , crossing it every time . That’s how people end up stepping off the edge of the earth . You’d be surprised at how easy it is to bust out of orbit , to spin out to a place where no one can touch you . To lose yourself—to get lost . 
yay for beauty school .. let me do your hair ! :) 
What am i watching on true life right now .... 
An empty frame , in which the picture is always changing , makes a statement about how time is always passing . It doesn’t ever really stop , even in a single image . 
I think we spend too much time wondering why we’re not good enough . We spend too much time over analyzing , over-thinking , and overreacting . And putting ourselves down , so much that we don’t ever stop to see that well , we are good enough . You are good enough . We spend too much time with our heads down , and never get a < PROPMALE > to look up from the ground and see that the sun is shining and tomorrow is another day . 
< PROPFIRST > Lennon died exactly 30 years ago today . RIP to one of the most inspirational people that ever lived . 
Let me take you down , Cause I'm going to Strawberry Fields . \ 
Nothing is real , And nothing to get hungabout . \ 
Strawberry Fields forever 
Yesterday , all my troubles seemed so far away , \ 
Now it looks as though they're here to stay , \ 
Oh I believe in yesterday 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I've been a good girl all year and all I ask for in return is a tall dark handsome maybe tattooed , single , funny guy who can drive and has a good job . Besitas ;) - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Aldama 
weelll there goes that optimistic idea ........ 
And when the broken hearted people living in the world agree , \ 
there will be an answer , let it be\ 
For though they may be parted there is still a < PROPMALE > that they will see , \ 
let it be , let it be 
never let it be said that a dream is a waste of one's time , for dreams are our realities in waiting - < PROPFIRST > lennon 
He got hair down to his knees\ 
Got to be a joker\ 
He just do what he please 
Paranormal activity is by far the most ridiculous film i have ever endured 
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . It is our light , not our darkness that most frightens us . It's not just in some of us ; it's in everyone . And as we let our own light shine , we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same . As we're liberated from our own fear , our presence automatically liberates others . 
in all seriousness , who names their child Squatch ? i need to stop watching so much True Life 
lost my phone . . . awesome :) 
Hello < PROPFIRST > :) 
done helping or doing things for people who don't appreciate me . 
it's not as hard to be happy as you're making it . . 
Never ever again will i follow the directions on the back of the hot coco box :( 
i called this pizza place down the street from my house that i knew delivers and i asked them if they could deliver me a dr. pepper and that is all and they said no . this is sad because i still feel accomplished by the fact that i called a pizza place by myself . . 
i love you , is that okay ? 
officially never eating at < PROPMALE>'s ever again . apparently they cook their food with band aids now . . 
i . fail . at . baking . . 
don't ever want to feel like that ever again :( 
Just jump <3 
There are so many people in our lives . People that are with us for a short time , people who teach us new things then leave , and then there are ones that are always there . They're the people that are always supposed to be in our lives . They’re the ones you take for granted because you never expect them not to be there . And then one day they’re just gone in a blink of an eye and you don’t know what to do with yourself . 
nobody knows why i just rubbed chapstick on my cheeck . . .. 
After a while you learn subtle difference between holding a hand & changing a soul . You learn that love doesn't mean leaning & company doesn't mean security . You begin to accept your defects with your head up & your eyes open ; With the grace of an adult & not the grief of a child . After a while you learn that even sunshine burns if you get too much & rain only washes away the imperfections to make room for improvement . 
my roommate has been drunk since 10 a.m. but that is normal in our house . 
if you randomly start laughing , about something that happened the night before . people will look at you funny . 
new phone and new numberrr message me your number so i have it ! please and thank you :) 
. .. some people . are crazyyy 
if we stopped trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time . 
at this point in time i have realized how lucky i am to have the people i do in my life :) <3 
coachella .. why must you be so stressful 
anybody interested in renting a room ?! i'm in need of another roommate !!! let me knooww :) 
If I seem to be reckless with myself , It's the fault of no one\ 
All things have a place under the < PROPFEMALE > as well as the sun 
so sickkk :( my night is consisting of nyquil , ice cream and the < PROPFEMALE > montana movie <3 
:) S O L O haha over itttttt 
i wanna go crazy , wanna go crazy with you <3 
love when my mind is going 89432627 < PROPMALE > an hour . not really . 
I need something new . 
Guess what ? I have flaws . What are they ? Oh I dunno , I sing in the shower ? Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car . So < PROPFEMALE > me -- no , don't < PROPFEMALE > me . That is opposite the point I'm trying to make . - i love the Office 
disappointed . gotta love it . . 
< PROPMALE > Gatti hates poptarts . i can't really figure out how i associate with him . 
I've got a tight grip on reality but I can't let go of what's in front of me here <3 
hot fudge sundae poptarts . where have you been all my life ? 
.. no exceptions 
football is stupid . 
rise and shine :) 
eff < PROPFIRST>'s day ! 
give me something to do pleaseee :) 
love nights like last night <3 
that 2 minutes at mill ave was fun .. HA . people are so crazy . 
as hard as it is to say this , i really want to go see the < PROPFIRST > beiber movie . . 
reason number 1 why i'd hate to live in new york : walking long distanses in heels . ugh lol 
hommeee ... yaayyyy 
:( too much craziness for such an early morning 
I'd rather have a mind open by wonder than closed by belief 
i would like to thank : jordan the taco < PROPFEMALE > drive through guy . for saving my life . \ 
it's such a nice day today . gonna get some stuff done :) 
i can honestly say that it's always < PROPFEMALE > in philidelphia is my favorite show . ever . 
watching < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s episode of mobbed makes me cry !! sooo cute ! oh my goodness . i love love :) 
i need cute names for a baby kitten !!? she's a black cat and she's < PROPFEMALE > cute !! :) 
