Hoping to get a haircut soon , this craps gettin ridiculous .. 

im FINALLY gonna start doin shit on here cuz i got home interwebz , so .. yeah @__@ 
looking forward to going running tonight , i really need to get back in shape lol 
kinda bored , hoping game party plans materialize tonight , s'gonna be great X3 
party didn't happen , due to lack ' o ' place : C OH WELL , extremely loud techno music is a good stress reliever haha :3 
is looking forward to whatever tomorrow has in store . It's been an uneventful but positive day :) 
is floating on rays of life from whatever sort of sun is shining from inside me .. 
does NOT want to go to school tomorrow -___- 
Had a great day surprisingly ! ^^ had the feeling that even thought things are tough to work through right now , it all doesn't have to rest on my shoulders . People choose their own fate , whether i like what they pick or not , so i should stop worrying that i can't change it , cuz that doesn't fix anything . And all my friends helped me have an awesome day by just being there to make me laugh ! ^^ 
Am I the only one that thinks spy cookies are convenient ? o.O 
yayyy i can't wait til my garage is party-worthy , it's already got couches , tables , electricity and some cool deco , im gettin christmas lights and some paint later today , gonna deck it ouuutt X3 haha 
thought for ten years that her pierced ears were grown closed ; just found out they're as good as new O_O 
stupid annoying day , wish everyone could be chill in the world for ONCE -__- 
a picture is worth a thousand words ... sometimes those words cut like glass for reasons that shouldn't exist 
lookin forward to this weekend , gonna be fun :] but it's not totally packed with plans so i get to relax too .. on a different note , i've been kinda worried about almost all of my friends for so many different reasons . Everyone seems to have their own big problem all of a sudden .. if any of you need me , u know u can message or txt and im here 
having an INSANE day o.O just , exciting . ran around before school with < PROPMALE > and had lotsa fun , the expo thing was interesting , caught up with someone i haven't seen in a while . And now just when i thought the day was over , i was walking back from the store with my mom and we saw an injured cardinal on the side of the road . he has a broken ankle , but the tendons are fine , so we can fix it with a splint :3 
pretty much just enjoying life , spring is always filled with good .. people are so comfortable and open this time of year 
life is f*cking insane .. im ready to give my entire soul to make it out of this hole 
wont be at school tomorrow , family matters .. 
keeps forgetting it's friday , remembering it has been repetitively refreshing XD 
stress stress stress , but i was shown a little light today that has me in a better mood :] the word of the day is HOPE ! 
so , my phone is dead until sometime tomorrow morning-ish . if you needa contact me , do it here . THERE IS NO OTHER WAY o.o lol 
PROMSTRESS+FAMILYSTRESS+FRIENDSTRESS = GONNAKILLSOMEONE 
OHMYGODDDD im so tired .. and sore .. and HAPPY C : 
i feel like somebody threw me down a mountain D; owwww ... 
i have good prom pics but can't upload them cuz of something that's wrong with my internet connection . OH GOODY . : C 
needs sleep , cant get any sleep , loud people -.- 
having a happy time in life .. i feel like i should be freaking out about college/job/license/car/etc like i usually am , and im probably should be motivating and whatever , but im glad to be getting an unexpected break from my nerved-out brain lol :P 
I THOUGHT IT WAS SUNDAY and it's not !!!!!!!!! 8D 8D 8D i am SO happy right now , you just dunno :3 
Feelin loved and lovely , nostalgic and futurebound , befriended and friendly , wandering but not lost ... but most of all loved .. 
determination and purpose are the fuels of this world , i just found my spark 
i wonder when ill stop being completely exhausted D: the human body is annoyingly needy 
somethin's been screwing with my connection for a long time , gradually getting worse , and today it finally sabotaged my aol messenger : C i hate whatever it is , and i hate the fact that all the computer fixin places around here would either screw it up worse or steal my whole computer 
listening to a beautiful thunderstorm C : 
life is so fast and intense right now it's making me sick .. feels like pieces of me are gonna crumble away and i can't do anything about it . like when someone has a certain amount of time to live and they have to cram in all the good times they can before the end .... the word of the day is landslide 
=__= bleeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhh .. ? jesus christ god in heaven .. wtf . really hope i didn't f*ck something up 
bananas and old spice :) 
time .......................................... can be a real pain 
leaving for texas 5:30 tomorrow morning , gotta take the greyhound .. gonna be strange . i hope i dont screw up at my stopover in atoka .. bleh 
... kinda wants to throw up ........ 
fuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnn C : 
To anyone who actually calls/texts me , my phone is dead and gone . I'm gettin a new one either monday or tuesday , maybe earlier if i get really lucky . It should be the same number , but if it's not I'll let everyone know what the new one is . 
phone supposedly coming in on tuesday ! i need it .. SO BAD . 
my brain decides to torture me at night by making painful metaphors and scooping up nearly forgotten memories from the crust of time .. can't wait til the morning when i detach again .... 
phone coming tomorrow , hopefully : C crap takes way too long .. 
phones here !!! :D posting from it right now 
is loving life in all its dimensions , even appreciating the painful parts .. they provide contrast and make the best better ^^ 
i wanna move out so bad , sick of irresponsible parents and shitty appliances 
one month til my b-day ! kinda half-excited 
finally got my ID !! im a real person now lol 
just got off my first day off work !! epic C : 
< PROPFEMALE > and fun among the truest friends will always be one of the best things in life :) 
bla bla blaaaa .. can something new and exciting please happen ? now ?? i swear im a boredom magnet .. bleh 
my leg looks like its pregnant -_- 
lovin my job and hatin my home life .. can anyone say \extra hours please ? \"" 
feverrrr ... eww . i do believe it is naptime .. 
moms purse was stolen yesterday at piny cliffs in eufala . the guy who did it was native american and had a 6 tattooed on each bicep . he was with a white chick and they were driving a big maroon pickup . if u have any idea who it could be or how to find them PLEASE let me know 
i dont wanna leave this town .. there are too many people here who have changed my life . i dont want to be apart from any of them , i dont think i could stand it .. 
today is the start of a new and improved me . im dropping all my baggage , moving on , expanding my mind and extending my heart . im gonna believe in life again 
i hope no one takes this personally .. but im done here . there is nothing left for me to accomplish . i have transformed and its finally time for me to move .. the < PROPFEMALE > skies of fateful change are calling me home to texas at last :) 
my soul is loosing its warmth .. left all alonely .. blocked off from the new spark , the only true flame that can exist for me 
i need an opportunity to communicate plzzzz 
all is chaos ; all is calm .. i really only expect one person to understand that 
there is nothing out of reach , there are only arms that dont know what to hold .. 
there it is .. my fortune cookie finally came true 
ticktockticktockticktockticktock .. etc 
so happy i think i might explosively dissipate into some sort of powdery pink vapor 
time , give it time , give it time .. 
let the rain wash away the past , a new day is dawning 
layin in a broken down thunderbird , makin wishes and tryin to speed up time 
growin my hair back out , gonna dye it a hundred shades of green someday 
im late ! im late ! for a very important date ! 
heeheeheeheehee :] 
i realize theres not much to say on facebook when you are completely happy 
cold gas station ham & cheese sammiches .. part of this \delicious\ " breakfast D: " 
i have never wanted chicken noodle soup so bad in my entire life 
MOVING OUT IN A MONTH !!!!!!! GOIN TO < PROPFIRST > TEXAS FOR VACATION IN THREE WEEKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAAAAYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
the livingroom floor is gone , stuck watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on a < PROPFEMALE > tv in my mom's room with everyone , we all crawled out the window to eat chinese food earlier , fun day 
new carpet in the livingroom and the floor is fixed !! flippin sweet 
STARVING !!! i want the mexican food . 
finally got my permit , took me long enough lol 
oh facebook profile , you are neglected .. happy im so occupied though , pretty much happy all over :) 
the warmth is finally sticking around :D 
