Is it legal to kill Pidgeons ? 

I can now legally drive , thats scary eh ? 
saw Ant and Dec in the pub yesterday , yes Ants forehead really is that big . 
just finished a 5 mile run in 38 mins , which was nice . 
All i can hear now is my tinitus , fucking good gig tho . It was even better when i got my shoe back ! 
I'm in the market for a VW mk4 golf , does anyone know anybody thats selling one ? 
Misplaced your values , Forgot being the importance of being right , Don't sit there and act humble , I've heard your story a thousand times , No trust , All I got is lies , Boring , Alright , 
Have car , will travel ! 
is finally back online !! 
Should i go to the Post Office now or later ....... 
Just been to the Post Office !! it was amazing can't wait to go back !! 
I just made the best cup of tea ever . Fact . Gutted its finished now :( 
Just had toast for lunch , now watching the unit and drinking a cup of tea . 
Has just been for a shower and is feeling awsome . 
has a sore back . 
is sitting on his huge leather sofa getting high on spray paint fumes . 
Just saw a guy getting dressed on the bus ! WTF not what I want to see first thng in the morning . 
Deftones fuckin rule . 
is going to Cornwall , magic ! 
New tail lights on and looking supa fly ! 
Just back from a festival show , < PROPMALE > Kier at the < PROPMALE > Oak . Fantastic . 
can't wait till he goes to Crete . Gonna need the rest by then ........ 
has had an absolute fucking DISASTER of a day . Till fucked first thing this morn , Car ate £290 @ the garage needs more work too , so understaffed couldnt do what he needed too , Suppliers fucking me about , asshole customers , Holiday : flights cancelled AGAIN !, sink @ home leaking , computer slow as shit , theres prob more that i cant remember just now , but i can take it . 
is fucked .... \ 
cleaning the brass at Bierex at 1 in the morning is harder than i thought 
Lothian buses have 8 point posters up in Princes St instructing tourists how to use the buses , good work , except they leftout point 9 : On arrival at stop ignore all the people queing and stand at the front and 10 : When the bus arrives it's everyman for himself . 
Of all the cars in all of the streets they had to be sick on mine . 
is at the country manor in Cornwall , see you in a week . 
Just had a blast from the past ...... Spice girls you are far to amazing ..... True musical genius !!! 
I've just been fraped . Thanks Eilidh . 
May ' god ' have mercy on the goods of people that have pissed off shop workers . 
I don't like it anywhere , but it's normally on the chair or the floor . 
Tired , very tired , thanks to the arseholes having a house party till 4:30 . Then starting again at 8:30 . 
took the ' This is my Edinburgh ' quiz and scored 60% . Why don't you ? - http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=145378558815919 
roof caved in at work today . Awsomeness . Someone could have died , but they didn't , so it was cool . Wonder how much will still be there tomorrow ? 
met < PROPMALE > Cant today , was looking forward to chatting but got interupted by a customer and he left . Damn . 
just walked past some wee Hibs neds looking for some Hearts fans to fight . Just cos their team is shit and got beat . Again . Get over it . This is one of the reasons I hate football . 
Is it just me that doesn't give a shit about anything to do with the x factor ?! Honestly why do people care , they'll be forgotten about by this time next year . 
Finally it snows in Edinburgh ! 
This is the most exciting bus journey ever , going sideways , slipping downhill towards parked cars , all with the pedal to the metal ! Love it ! 
The smell of the city in the grip of winter storms : bacon rolls , coffee , burnt rubber and wasted clutches ........ 
Good deed for today : dug a people carrier out a snow embankment . Just watched a guy totally dingy an other motorist stuck in the car park . Are we not supposed to be helping each other out ? 
Anyone who buys the < PROPMALE > Cardle single is a fuckin mug . Biffy only released that single months ago . Screw Cowell , anything but this pish at no1 . 
It's a sad state of affairs when the best thing on , over 200 , channels is BBC Best Young Fishmonger of the Year . 
Where's everybody getting this snow ? I've been in town all day and not seen any apart from a bit of sleet this morning . 
Great snow again . That'll be me clearing the car park when I get to work then ! Can I get away with being ' snowed in' ? 
It's only dangerous if you don't appreciate how dangerous it really is . 
Happy Easter ! 
'' I'm going out for a while so I can get high with my friends '' Old Feeder is class ! 
Here we go again . 
Did anyone else see me in Lothian Rd yesterday ? 
Stupid weather ...... 
< PROPMALE > from InMe first solo single , not my usual cup of tea but this is sounding good . \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCSFFlHiJ0E&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
You know you've played too much guitar when you realise it's 1:30 am and you've got a blistered finger ...... 
< PROPMALE > Mcpherson , what a voice . How do you play guitar and sing like that ? Genious . £7.50 well spent . 
