I'm a different fly , I'm on some other shit ... 

fresh , fly , fitted 
is the coldest , which means he's the sickest ... and Theraflu won't do . 
is so fly ... you might see a nigga when you look up in tha sky like , \There he goes ! \"" 
stay's stuntin and fresh like Dougy . 
stays so fly he's on auto-pilot 
can't relate ... hes ridin with a swag that he got from out of state . 
so fly he needs a boarding pass 
is goin in ... 
Nigga I can't lose my whole city's behind me ... 
is so cold , he'll give a polar bear frost bite 
is fresher than will smith and uncle < PROPMALE > too 
Im a monster EVERYDAY is halloween ... 
Im always good like grandmas cookies ... 
I want the money , money and the cars , cars and the clothes , the hoes ... I suppose ... I just wanna be successful . 
Im so fly ... you might see a nigga if you look up in the sky like , \ There he go . \"" 
I got the swag flu 
I stay fresh fresh ... like im wrapped in plastic . 
Im so official all i need is a whistle ... Im goin in ... 
One life to live i can't let a day go by without me bein fly , fresh to death , head to toe till the day i rest ... 
Birthday Fresh 
I should leave earth , there's nothin more to do here ... Every day is Christmas and every night is New Years . 
Nuggets game 
I'm fresher than my last foot step ... 
At < PROPFEMALE > and about to go back to school ... shit 
I'm fresher than a freshmen ... real talk tho lolx 
I get home in the daytime , wake up by the P.M. tryin’ to finish livin’ out this dream so I be sleepin’ innn ... And they ask me if I’m lonely , I ain’t long as my moneys good cuz she’s my one and only ... critics got they face up in my business getting nosey , but I’m just out here puttin’ on for anyone who knows me 
I'm fresh to death , like i got dressed in a coffin 
Down the rabbit hole we go ... 
Listen my life ain’t nothing close to most of you You dudes are weirdos . My swaggers on ONE followed by a ZERO ZERO . 
I stay fresh like continental breakfast 
If being fly is the case , then i'm guilty ... Need a shower , filthy ... wipe me down . lolx 
Im so fly , I might take-off into the open sky ... 
Can't label my flavor , can't categorize my fly ... just set behaviors . 
Man they treat me like a legend ... am I really this cold ? Im really too young to be feelin this old lolx . 
Im the truth , why would i lie ? I walk around this bitch like a pilot I'm fly . 
< PROPMALE > niggaz be the Mile-Flyest ... 5280 
Headin back to the 303 ... Get at me . 
Postin up in Chicago tonight ... who's tryin to kick it ? lolx 
Back in Ohio ... yesss lolx j/p 
Lifes good , so I'm livin great . Call me out of town shorty , every week a different state . 3 cell phones , Colorado plates , on a 4 month march tryin to get my money straight ... 
\They say we're too material ... but money makes the world go round . \ " - Wiz Khalifa " 
THERE'S A MAN RIDING A HORSE ON TOP OF MY CHEST !... POLO FRESH ! 
Ain't nobody fuckin with me ... I run my city daddy ... I'm THE MAN where I live ... Tell em what my name is ... 
I cant lose my whole city's behind me ... 
I know yall wanna do me but my swaggers jacker-proof ... 
I've been around the world all girls like fly dudes ... 
Im FLYYY .... Fresh like a monday ... Gettin to the money , never touch the ground cuz ... IM FLY ! 
My phone stays on airplane mode ... cuz everytime I turn around I wake up in a different time zone ... lolx 
Home like I never left , back like a spoiler .... Hit me lolx 
Life's good , so I'm livin great ... Call me outta town shorty , every week a different state . 
Ohio to colorado to san < PROPMALE > to colorado ... time to chill out at the krib 4real lolx . Get at me 
graduation hurry up 
Man I got so many styles ... I am a group ... lolx 
Everytime I turn around I wake up in a different time zone ... 
I stay crispy like popeye's chicken ... lolx 
Back to the D tonight ... Hit me lolx 
Ohio to < PROPMALE > , I beat the sunset lolx 
'' I keep wonderin , how young can you die from old age ? '' - Drake 
I'm so fly I might start my own airline ... 
'' They say you get out what you put into it , so my all's what I give ... and I don't just talk about the life of a < PROPFEMALE > homie that's what I live ... '' 
Im so fly , I piss the wind off ... lolx 
Mile High Music Festival ... < PROPFEMALE > 
Life is a beach ... im just playin in the sand lolx 
My last day home ... Get at me 
That was the 2nd tightest summer fa sho ... probably cuz I was home for most of it lolx . Now back to Ohio I go ... 
I'm fly ... fresh like a monday ... brush these haters off me ... ill never touch the ground cuz I'm flyyyy 
I'm just an ordinary guy , but i dress extraordinarily fly ... lolx 
Nike's on my feet keeps my cypher complete ... 
Boyyy I stay fresh from my tapper fade to my fit ... don't even make me get started on the kicks lolx 
M.I.M.S. 
Riader hater 
Brand new 
T.G.I.F. ( Thank God I'm Fresh ) 
Butterfly effect ... shits crazy to think about . 
It's Nothin ... 
The swags a mile high ... Get like me ... polo's on my feet FRESH BY FORTUNE on my tee ! ( check out www.freshbyfortuneclothing.com ) 
D-Town bound ... get at me 
\My thoughts is kinda trippy ... real life black hippyyy \"" 
R.I.P. fam 
Everyday I'm workin , but my life is like the weekend tho ... lolx 
Fresh By Fortune Hoodies , Snapbacks , and Back Packs available for purchase in the online store now !!! www.freshbyfortuneclothing.com 
I use to get it in ohioooooo lolx 
Only I would get in an accident on my birthday lolx . Thanx for all the birthday wishes by the way 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . The screen on my phone is still broken from my birthday . So if anyones tryin to kick it ... call me , dont text haha . 
It ain't hard to tell ... 
Got my phone ... my 3rd droid ha . When is the iphone coming to verizon ? 
Coffy is the color 
I'm feelin like a black republican 
Pepsi center again ... wud it doooo lolx 
Excuse me ... were you saying somethin ... you can't tell me nothin ... lolx 
The snow is turnin ppl crazy 
For whatever reason I didn't realize school starts this week ... long last semester ? I think so ... 
If you ain't on my team keep it movin .... 
Sometimes not saying anything is saying enough lolx 
PUT SOME HOT SAUCE ON MY BURRITO BABBYYYY ! haha 
Long day 
\Oh no there goes that man again ... pose like I got my clothes off a fly manican\ " - < PROPFIRST > mcfly " 
BOY I GOT SO MANY 
Fruit snacks go hard 
Long trip in no time 
D-town chillin 
\I'd rather be judged by 12 than carried by 6\ " - Killa Cam " 
got my new phone . hit me 
Takes one to know one lolx 
Sometimes I think I can see the future ... I'm like Mr. < PROPFIRST > in this B ! +%# lolx 
Winter is my summer ... 
Can we please have a moment of silence ? 
Mista Fab show tonight w/ MOUNTAIN TOPPPP and < PROPFEMALE > Butter ... its goin down . < PROPFEMALE > lolx ! 
Mystery show w/ KB tonight in boulder . This is turning into a super crackin week ha 
People will push you as far as you will let them , but eventually enough is enough ... 
Anyone trying to go hard this weekend ? 
So fly I should swat myself lolx 
What a day what a day 
It is what it is 
Ghostland w/ MT and < PROPFEMALE > Butta ... < PROPFEMALE > 
I think I have a case of the Mondays ... 
Be careful what you wish for 
If you real you f$&# wit me , y'all ain't got an option 
WE DON'T SLEEP WHEN THE SUN GOES DOWNNNN ! 
