Why don't we celebrate the old year on December 30th ? 

whoever invented the breakfeast burrito should have a national holiday named in thier honor 
If all misfortunes were laid in one common heap whence everyine must take an equal portion , most people would be contented to take thier own and depart 
Is it bad wrong to be eating all the haloween < PROPFEMALE > that your supposed to be handing out ? 
i think < PROPFIRST > sandler is going through some difficult times . I feel kinda bad for him . 
Actually writing my English paper before its due , feels wierd not procrastinating 
I feel strange 
My head gets cold now 
I wonder if Coach opened my gift yet ? 
This has been the strangest and most frustrating week of my life 
I am not skilled at the < PROPMALE > of Christmas shopping , I've spent three hours over two days and only bought one gift 
left handed > right handed 
Driving to < PROPMALE > over icy roads in a ghetto ' 78 pick up truck ... This should be fun 
Going to the Bronco game tomorrow , hopefully I can see the 2nd straight win . 
sad that the break is almost over 
watched the greatest movie last night 
downloaded Dead Like Me onto my ipod 
After much study I've concluded that the best movies don't come on until at least 12:30 in the morning 
Hello my name is Seamus , and I type essays . -Support Group : \Hi Seamus . \"" 
I think I am the first referee ever to be threatened with a lawsuit by a pissed off mom . Story of my life . 
finally finished every college app and essay .... next up scholarships . 
I think the IRS/Federal Government just raped me 
Does anyone else put headphones in and not listen to anything just so people don't talk to you ? 
Sending out graduation invites is an elaborate extortion racket 
Frustrated 
In perpetual motion and the world below doesn't matter much to me 
Not feeling the whole getting up before 5 o'clock vibe tomorrow 
- out of order 
Ugly Americans is slowly becoming my new favorite show 
When I was a child , I spake as a child , I understood as a child , I thought as a child : but when I became a man I put away childish things . 
Stoked for Stoker Stadium 
Ran the best race of my life tonight 
It's the age of insanity 
Multi-classing 
I'm pretty sure the river as magical healing powers 
Graduation Invitations = Retarded 
Draft time 
< PROPMALE > Tebow ... that will make things interesting 
Strange how they nevered cancelled a trackmeet the first three years I ran , then they cancel two this year 
84.37% sure where I'll go to college 
I wish I could sing the beginning of the Lion < PROPMALE > 
They made a remake of Nightmare on Elm Street ... How dumb 
I feel lighter 
It has snowed more in April than in November 
Pumped for the 4x400 tomorrow night 
If I feel tomorrow like I feel today , we'll take what we want and give the rest away ... 
Skilled at writing BSsay's 
it's really sad when I hear about a oil spill on the Gulf coast and the first thing that pops into my head is a calculus equation 
I am so pumped for the Tiger tomorrow 
I love how my family functions . Mom's favorite mothers day present : We go golfing for the day while she stays at home . 
Why is there always the one song that comes on no matter how many times you shuffle your iPod ? 
On the receiving end some questionable room assaignments 
How in the hell did Lady Gaga get the most views for a video ? 
Finished with my final practice today , ready for regionals tomorrow 
my house is slowly turning into the O'Connor Inn 
I missed finals by . 17 seconds 
The best part of high school sports : The busride home 
Is on the bubble 
Irony : Almost crashing into a police car 2 minutes after you pay your car insurance 
Schools out for summer 
9:00 is way to early for graduation practice 
I got a 90.34% in AP English , great considering I had an 87 before the final 
no matter how hard you try you can't stop me now 
I gadgiatin ' today 
Nap time is probably the most effective use a daytime , it's a shame they took it away 
How can so many things go wrong in one day ? 
I think my psyche is changing 
Osbourne Cox ? 
I won't take all that they hand me down , \ 
And make out a smile , though i wear a frown , 
I wonder what would happen the rabbit got the Trix 
I can't believe that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE>'s parents wrote me a letter and sent me money , they must be some dedicated/amazing people . 
This world is big and wild and half insane 
I say candyman in front of the mirror 6 times just to show him who's in charge 
strange how we have a different natural condition to complain about for every season\ 
Winter : cold\ 
Spring : wind\ 
Summer : heat\ 
Autumn : cleaning up leaves 
Time ... is on my side 
bought a cell phone today 
Anybody know of some cool places to go back east ? 
It would be cool if it were possible for the Lakers and Celtic to tie . Yhat way everybody's fans would be pissed off and I would no longer see people trash talk via status 
Why are Disney movies so emotionally damaging ? 
It is odd that 3OH ! 3 said don't trust a hoe yet they sing a song with Ke$ha . 
Facebook offers more suggestions/recommendations than my mom 
I have a feeling Toy Story 3 will be epic 
I used to be indecisive but now I'm not too sure 
Softball players are the bane of my existence 
When did most rappers lose the ability to sing by themselves ? 
Skill : driving a stick while eating a bowl of cereal 
Our biggest obstacle in life is ourselves 
Honestly , who breaks in to a concession stand at the park at night and steals unmixed soda ? 
Just saw two ladies engage in road rage ... It was awesome 
I feel like I'm part of a select group when I'm the last person to make the light 
Breakfast burritos taste just as good at 7pm as 7am 
lazing on a < PROPFEMALE > afternoon 
I be Ka-bumpin ' 
Apparently the apostrophe in my last name is beyond the capabilities the federal governments computer system and made it take over a month to submit my financial information . It also took a dozen customer service reps to figure this out . \ 
\ 
Hooray Bureaucracy !!!!! 
Its strange how you pick up the most random skills at your job 
Sometimes I feel dumb when I say thank you after I bought something 
You're unique ... Just like everyone else 
I'm torn on where to watch the fireworks from tomorrow 
Watching the hot dog eating contest is probably the funniest thing I've seen in a long time 
Tiempo por fireworks ... In a couple hours 
planning the most b.a. trip 
Godwin's \ 
Law : As as discussion grows longer , the probability of a \ 
comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches one . 
I wonder who was the first person to tie their shoes 
I'm fairly disappointed in the quality of radio out there 
I'm happy with my AP results , although I only got a 2 in English I got a 4 in both stats and calculus . 
Why do all the obscure things always happen to me 
Why does Burger < PROPMALE > force me to make such difficult decisions ? 
Where did lady gaga acquire the skill to sing the most annoying phrase and make it sound catchy 
< PROPMALE > Yelnats ain't got nothin ' on me 
Last night was entertaining to say the least 
Life is a river 
Will be 3000 < PROPMALE > away in about a month 
Rain+ Thunder + Lightning = Awesome 
Woohoo rest of the day off 
got my trip all planned out 
found the most entertaining app for the iphone 
It's impossible to not feel like a badass when operating a chainsaw 
This is the clearest night I've seen in weeks 
\the book was better 
Adversity leads to diversity 
so happy ... Found out I already have 11 college credits 
What's this world coming to ... Cartoon Network doesn't even show all the time anymore 
is going golfing today with the legend know as < PROPMALE > Scarry . 
Had an awesome time golfing with Coach Scarry 
1 week till I dissappear 
Got my vehicle for college today 
There were 2 people fornicating in the park today ... Just another day at the office 
Only 4 hours left on my last day of work 
Went out with a bang 
Final day till I go thousands of < PROPMALE > away 
on my way to < PROPMALE > 
Kansas sucks ... It really really sucks 
What is this humidity ? Us mountain folk never heard of no humidity 
Missouri is the billboard capital of the United States 
Mississippi looked different than I expected and now m in the great city of New Orleans 
Going down to Bourbon Street 
The French Quarter is amazing 
In < PROPFEMALE > , NC 
Watching my Dad get lost in < PROPFEMALE > is entertaining ... If only he had faith in Google 
Buffalo wings in Buffalo = awesome 
Just finished visiting Niagara Falls 
On the road again ... an hour and a half earlier than expected 
Why does New York have a toll booth every 13 feet 
4118 miles\ 
18 states\ 
10 days\ 
59 hours driving\ 
A busted mirror , replaced alternator , and a couple encounters with state patrol \ 
After it all ... \ 
I Have Arrived 
Breathing sure is easy with all this oxygen 
My college has a hot tub wave pool and sauna how b.a. Is that 
silly engineers , liberal arts makes life so much simpler 
Sometimes when I'm in the crosswalk I look at cars and think \Go ahead hit me ... See what happens \"" 
humidity sucks , 70% is ridiculous 
Best horoscope text ever :\ 
Crabs can be incredibly private as you keep your feelings and disappointments to yourself it's time to tap into the companionship and compassion of others 
Locked my door with the key inside ... smooth 
Living in the international dorm is quite badass 
So disappointed that Google lied to me , how could it violate my trust like that 
Wow I'm not even in college for a week and A freakin ' hurricane is coming up the coast ... on a three day weekend when I was planning on going to the beach 
Had an great 2 hour conversation with two Albanian guys on my floor 
The unexamined life is not worth living ,,, 
Just hiked in the \mountains\ " to a 568 foot summit " 
Highlight of the day : getting the park ranger to yell at me 
I don't want to play ... I want to bang on drum all day 
I pretty sure everyone in Montrose has a clone in Orono 
freshman 15 here I come 
My Arabic Class Finally Starts Today 
It's so fun watching people psychologically breakdown the 2nd week of school 
attempting to convert my roommate to the ways of South Park 
I don't think they've heard of cheddar cheese in the New England area 
Let us remember those who lost their lives on this day 
Its kinda ridiculous when you've written/typed more in foreign languages than English during school . 
Rain rain go away , quit showing up every other day 
Irony : the RA locking themselves out of their dorm . 
College of Liberal Arts and Sciences = read for the rest of your life 
I think redheads were recruited to my school as an ethnic minority 
nobody taught these city folk any common sense 
It's weird how you go from 5 minutes late to class is early to 15 minutes before class is late 
off to go donate blood 
Sunday night football > Spanish 203 
< PROPMALE > salamo alaikum 
I say Hey I be gone today , but I be back around the way 
\Repay a wrong with friendly favor \"" 
Today I learned spending extended time around people from Massachusetts makes you an overall angrier person 
Reassuring comments on the sidewalks 
I've come to appreciate the finer things in life ... like getting the good parking spot 
Going to the hockey game 
Living on a ghost campus 
I just got flipped off playing Scrabble , didn't know I could bring out such hostility in a board game 
i like penis :) i decided to come out of the closet . all this hiding away is killing me . plus im stupid and decide to leave when my blown ass friend is in the room hahahaha lol oh yeah 
I'm going to shank the person who's been playing like a g6 for the last 3 hours 
South Park-1 Jersey Shore-0 
< PROPFIRST>'s is always the fun place to go after midnight 
My whole floor is a mini-asylum ... Wouldn't have it any other way 
* insert status here * 
I love the cold , makes me feel at home again 
My name in urban dictionary is the funniest thing I've read in a while 
No matter how bad you think you have it , there's somebody that has it worse . 
I have witnessed true genius today : a man with an umbrella wearing sandals and shorts 
Ready to go to Tosh . O tonight 
It feels like Colorado again : people have to plan their Halloween costumes around their coats 
The < PROPMALE > Broncos : the biggest headache a franchise can provide 
East Asian History = the bane of my existence 
You know you're in college when the water in the sink is hotter the the water in the shower . 
Its awesome watching everybody on my floor piss themselves over a movie 
Its funny when the Patriots lose , pisses everybody off in 6 states . 
T-minus 2 weeks til Canadian Breakation . 
My hate for the < PROPFEMALE > Dynasty cannot be described in words 
I love waking up and going to breakfast when everyone else is eating lunch 
< PROPMALE > decided they wanted to play football ... that's weird 
I finished learning the alphabet today 
Anyone want to go donate blood ? 
Things I learned on the east coast :\ 
1 . Wicked is used more than to describe the witch of the west . \ 
2 . You don't know your elevation at any given time . \ 
3 . Calling somebody an asshole is a twisted way of complimenting them . \ 
4 . There are things called toll booths that take the money you would use at Sonic . \ 
5 . Many places have only 25 letters in the alphabet . 
I love it when my weekends start on Thursday at 3 
4 days till Canada 
Dear Lord , what have I gotten myself into 
?????? ????? 
Write the bad things that are done to you in sand , but write the \ 
good things that happen to you on a piece of marble . 
Just finished burning CD's for the road trip . 
is in Montreal 
Canadian Thanksgiving with foreigners = priceless 
Just met a French speaking Japanese Neo-Nazi ... Gotta love the Subway 
This should be New Jersey's slogan \ yes we are worse than Massholes \"" 
Sitting in the hot tub having a good time combing my hair 
Its really pathetic how some people are so inseparable from their music . 
people are in the hot tub and on the floor , Keyna is playing and its 12:30 in the morning just another typical night on the K3F 
I often find myself thinking incoherently in multiple languages . 
18 years in Colorado and no snow days . \ 
3 inches of snow on the east coast and everybody pisses themselves with school being cancelled ? 
I love having my day start at noon 
Probably the only one who was happy when it was 2 degrees this morning 
Another late night fiasco with < PROPFIRST > Huber 
Good Luck with finals everyone 
I just ran out of stuff I can think about 
< PROPFEMALE > rum pum pum pum 
Flying back to Colorado on Friday 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone , flying back home tomorrow . 
resisting the urge to be a smart-ass through airport security . 
Back in Colorado .... 3 flights down 1 to go 
Home for the holidays 
When did Taco < PROPFEMALE > become so advanced ? 
Stupid time zones 
Rain in December ... WTF ? 
Tebow ran the winning touch down to where I was sitting ... Best game I've beento in a while 
Why do the good songs on the radio always come on when you pull into the driveway ? 
I believe I set the land speed record for a 78 pickup today 
ellipsis are fun ... 
Going to have my final < PROPMALE > G's burrito before I leave Colorado 
14+ hours of flight and layover , not including the bad weather and bomb threats on the east coast . It's going to be a fun day 
Back in Knox 
I hate jet lag 
I hate changing time zones , it's 1:30 and I won't fall asleep for 3 hours 
Finishin the day up with the Buddhism class 
It's about time the New England fans bubble got burst . What a great loss !!! 
No matter how long I'm out east I'll always be a western guy 
Somebody really needs to tell the lady in my class that not being able to fit in the desk isn't a disability 
Time for some flag football 
Dashing through the snow\ 
In sandals and shorts\ 
Over the drifts we go\ 
Bitching all the way 
Not a fan of the karaoke next door 
People need to quit crying about the cold . 
Is employed 
From Jordan :\ 
hey seamus fuck your shit lol your shit is shit y u suck so much . we were losing tonight in foottball because of your incompecible behavior ahahhahah fuck u hey also i kinda just made u tread ythis whole thing hahahahha in yur face again shit head ps shithead\ 
hahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahhahaahah\ 
What an articulate individual 
How many roads must a wise man walk down , before you can call him a man 
Movie+ getting pulled over by Maine police+ plus almost eating a full cake in 5 minutes+ taking videos of the random drunk guy = one helluva night . 
It would be great if my heater didn't sound like it's going to explode every time it turns on . 
classes canceled : * cue everyone pissing themselves over snowday * 
Tomorrow is a definitely a wear sweats to class day . 
Watching a french western , checking that off the list of things I'd never expected 
not a fan of having no money 
I think I'm going to sleep until Monday 
Sometimes things just don't go how you'd like 
aaaggghhh 
Should I declare the concentration on my International Affairs < PROPMALE > in Anthropology or Modern Languages ? 
Is it me or is it getting harder and harder to wake up for classes 
4 exams in 4 days , woohoo 
I don't know where I'm going , I don't want to see 
Seamus O'Connor-1\ 
Maine Court System-0\ 
Yeah 
Hooray sleep deprivation ... Calc 2 test in 5 hours 
I'm so ronery 
Walkin around a ghost town 
If it keeps snowing like this , I'm going to be like < PROPFIRST > Nicholson in The Shining after spring break is over . 
Doing donuts in the parking lot 
Learned a valuable lesson today 
< PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs the world is a whole new level of terrible 
Halfway through No-Shave spring break 
Pay day 
< PROPMALE > Horton's at midnight ... great idea 
Damn you Disney and your emotionally damaging films 
And let the fun start 
So lucky that work was cancelled today 
Japanese karaoke has started up again , didn't miss that over the break 
I know a place not far from here 
Back to the daily grind 
.... and let the sleep deprivation return 
Top of the morning to ya , < PROPFIRST > Go Bragh , and Happy Saint < PROPFIRST>'s Day 
Acadia for the day followed by rollerblading tonight 
I want to go back to bed 
The groundhog was wrong 
????? ? ??????? 
I swea , r the Maine police got me on lockdown 
Milk was a bad choice 
It hurts my soul to fill up my gas tank 
