loving the mulberries ~ hating the treecutters and of course loving work ! 

Bored like crazy on this BEAUTIFUL night ! hmmmm .... what can i do ( heh heh ) 
yay ~ get to work on my surfing tonite ! 
9 kids , 2 towels , a headband , and a nametag . Just another busy day in the life of a lifeguard . 
sooo sore from surfing , but i have no intention of stopping ! 
sooo tired . need to do some gardening ..... 
I must needs to sleep and get some peaches !!! 
havin fun w/adria . vacation is in like a week and i haven't STARTED packin ! AHHHH ! 
DQ on a hot day !!!! so awesome ! 
Sorta kinda tanned ... well for me . 
back in school ... mixed emotions 
talkin 2 < PROPMALE > . Cant wait for da football game tomorrow ! 
Had an awesome birthday ! got an awesome part in the musical and one in the play ! 
want to be done w/this cold . cant WAIT for < PROPFIRST > ! 
glad to be back to just me , sans the wig and sombrero 
really glad my migraine's almost gone ! 
3 DAYS tiil i see all your bright shiny faces !!!! yay !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Put the pedal to the metal as the sun goes down ... ahh ... 
AS IF i won't sleep tonite .... FFA was a blast , but my bed is calling !!!!!! 
so ready for musical ... really needing sleep . Becomeing my character ... don't think that's a good thing ! 
It's way too much fun to have bunka at my house to catch up ! we are cacckling like little hens ! 
< PROPFIRST > the MODEL FIGURE !!! its amazingly kwel ! 
Listening to Daughtry as I write the behemoth essay ... with a grand finale , of course !! 
back from eating too much food , and having fun with my awesome family . MMMM ... what a good 1st thanksgiving dinner ! 
Can't find a really shocking forensics piece ... 
Spent an hour today digging my car out of what used to be my driveway , but now is just a mass of snow !! 
Still excited from Thursday's game . Hope tonite will go as well , and tomorrow night !! Good luck Basketball ! 
Every light in the house is on .......... 
I love how ironic my life is ... whenever i think i have it figured out , i get a curve ball and i have to slowly stand up again , with my head spinning and heart pounding 
Excited for the party tonite ! and seeing < PROPFEMALE > again ! 
Going to see some friends ... must play the violin . ugh ! I need to start practicing more . 
Tired ! going to eat lots of ice cream ! mmm mm ! bummed i cant go to the gtg . ;(((( 
Waiting on a better day :) 
Just a night with me and my sis .... and lots of CNA homework ! 
Very excited about the impending get together ! 
Snow Snow going away ???? 
Exicted to see everyone this weekend ! We are gonna have a blast ! 
have to do some math and pick up my sis and then to bed ... im SOOO tired ! 
Playing hooky and doing errands ! 
Just got out of school . Drove home with all the windows open , music blaring , wind and hair in my face , and sunglasses on . Thank you spring for finally coming !!!! 
finally done with that scholarship !!!! 
Cansada .......... 
swaying gently to the music .... 
Play practice was great tonite !!!! 
Can't wait tilo Saturday is over and I can learn some new music !!!! 
Officially on spring break !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
love the rain !!! 
Had an awesome day with awesome friends !!!! 
so glad its the weekend ... can't wait for summer !!!! 
chairs and boat oars and donations , oh my !!! 
Dress Rehearsal !!!!! 
One first and two seconds at state !!! but so glad to be done !!!! 
Tired of school , sick of some people , missing others 
Off to the last night of play practice !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Last day of CNA ! sad and happy .... 
zzzzzzzzz a good day to scrapbook ! 
Back to work next week .... 
found my phone !!! but dont get it til Sun nite and the battery will still be dead . 
Off to WILS for the weekend ! Yay no more work this week !! 
Teaching swimmin lessons for the first time tomorrow mornin ! 
Takin my little sis to work for her first day ;) 
I love summer camps and all , but the food ... YUCK ! 
So you know how people talk about this one time at band camp ? Well why doesn't anyone ever talk about choir camp ??? 
Dear work , \ 
Why I don't know , but there is something about you I've missed . Maybe its the fact that you are never boring . ;) 
Wishing I could still spend more time with my lifeguard friends .... 
Last day of work this week ! yay !! 
I am officially in love with Boo U ! 
;((( no more vacation . I want everything back but the poison < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Let's play the Color gaamme ! (: Black : I hate you .! Pink : I like you .! Purple : I'd date you .! Blue : I used to love/like you .! Red : I love you .! Gray : I miss you .! Orange : I like talking to you .! White : I really care about you .! Sliver : We're close .! Green : You’re hot .! Yellow : You’re extremely funny .! Teal : Best Friends .! Set this as your status and see what you get and be honest please .! (: 
Cappex , Fastwebs , Zinch ... 
Missing < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ;\\ " \"\" ( " 
Cookies and girl talk ... the best combo ever ! 
Dear WILS 10 folder ... I miss you ... you should come out from hiding ;) 
Deep summer is when laziness finds respectability . ~ Sam Keen 
Im outta here !!!!!!!!!!! 
I love my crazy husband !!!! lol 
Vanderbilt I love you ! See you soon < PROPMALE > ! I miss you Pulaski ! 
working working school working 
Purple People .... nuf said ! 
Grease made my day ! 
Good luck Friday boys ! 
Finally have my pictures ! 
Dells ! Can't wait to be at convention again ! 
So if you're one of my new 16 boyfriends i didn't know i had ... clue me in here haha 
Thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes !!! 
Well we didn't beat ' em , but we SCORED and that's more than anyone else has done . Nice job guys ! 
Beginning to HATE scholarship applications ! 
Hate Hate Hate the cold .... so glad its gonna be nice next weekend ... can't wait to see you all ! 
Three tests out of the way .... almost all ready for the get together ... one night to set back and rest with my mommy's < PROPFEMALE > pie ... yay ! 
NO SCHOOL TODAY .... so just get to wait for all our guests ;) cya soon ! 
working this weekend .... blah 
We are soooooo going to dominate tonight ! good luck girls 
happiness is the best feeling ! 
~ Running from the falling trees ~ 
13 days until the musical ! ahhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Been pickin up wood all day ! 
First show today ! 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SOOOO SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO excited to be with my family for Thanskgiving ! 
Its official : Family is the best ! 
Stupid weather needs to stop ! 
There is something I will really miss about Crestview ... the sweet ladies and their words of advice and goodnight kisses are right up there : '''''''' ( 
Dear snow clouds , \ 
Please snow some more so I don't have school today ! 
Going to see my dear friend and then a date with my mummy ! 
I'm so glad for the oppurtunites of life ! Without the hard experiences , I know I'd never be who I am today ! 
Sweet is the rest that comes at close of day .... 
Ugh Mondays ! Don't like to have to go back to the real world ! 
First day of spring play practice done ! I think it'll be our best one yet ! 
I thank God every day for small miracles that help keep me true ! 
I LOVE my new job ! Singing , laughing , and making fudge and ice cream dishes ... what could be better ???? 
“Courage is the discovery that you may not win , and trying when you know you can lose . ” - < PROPMALE > Krause 
I hope you all have fun in Paree while i'm stuck here in muddy Wisconsin ! It's not fair ! 
Senior Class Trip = YES !!! Yay !! 
I don't think I can stand another gloomy day of rain and snow ! 
Fudgery here I come ! 
I CANNOT WAIT until Solo/Ensemble is over ! 
Thank goodness we have three weeks til state ! I need a break ! 
