smells like a brewery apparently ? Not sure if that's a good way to start the New Year , but it was fun so who cares ... 

? thunderbolt and lightening , very , very frightening me Galileo , Galileo , Galileo , Galileo , Galileo Figaro Magnifico o o o o .... ? 
Is seriously considering moving to Canada . Montreal , peut-etre ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is dead . < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett is dead . Wow . Who else is going to die today ? 
Got ...... terminated . Bah . Oh well . I was bored with that place anyway . 
Facebook + slow computer at work = lag death . 
Is getting ready to clock out for the last time . 
Has a bad case of deja-vu . 
Je deteste < PROPMALE > personnes stupide ...... 
Just found out I have a random flat tire . 
Wonders why he signed up for a summer course at 9:00 in the morning . 
Finds it really hard to believe that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is the biological father of those children .... 
Hasn't been this bored in a long time . 
Fete Nationale aujourd'hui! 
Is very nervous ... 
Slept in again , oh well school summer courses are boring anyway . 
has to write an essay comparing Christianity and Buddhism . I know NOTHING about boring Buddhism . 
Has five hours to finish this essay and no more summer classes . 
Great three weeks off and back to school again .... 
Can't wait another WEEK to get my damn katana . 
Is going to Rockford . Shouldn't be spending money considering my job situation but oh well . 
Would like to say that it's fun to trim branches with a katana . 
Has anime red hair . 
Really doesn't want to go back to school . 
Still doesn't know what classes to take , registration deadline is Friday . 
Why is upper tier math a graduation requirement at EVERY school despite the fact that it's one of the most irrelevant subject groups offered ? Not everyone wants to be an engineer . 
Hates YouTube . They are deleting all the DBZ fights due to \copyright claims . \ " Tres lame . " 
Highland + I still do not have my books + laid off my job so I can't pay tuition + I'm still not approved for financial aid = I am SCREWED . 
< PROPMALE > and English classes actually look like they will be tolerable . Not sure about Intro to Fiction though . As always , math is as boring and useless as ever . 
Okay cancel that . English 122 sucks beyond words . 
Math lab avec < PROPFEMALE > mere aujourd'hui . Sigh . What's next ? 
Wow ... I've been going through some old things ( including ~ 1000 Myspace messages ) and realized how I've completely changed over the years . Brainy and confident 5th grader --> shy and reclusive 7th grade through 11th grades --> worry exhausted , but somewhat optimistic high school senior ---> comptemplative , but restrained college student . 
Doesn't understand this damn yoville game . 
Wishes the government would regulate school book prices . A pile of paper is not worth $100+ . 
Misses having free time , but thank God I'm not one of the unlucky 1,500 kids going to FHS tomorrow . 
Wants to try his hand at fencing . Unfortunately nowhere near Freeport has something like that . 
These polls are amusing ... And I'm bored . 
Is too cool for school . Seriously . 
Just noticed that we can change our Facebook language to \English ( Pirate)\ " amongst other things . " 
Feels like skipping class . 
Hates classes that require you to speak as part of a \participation grade . \"" 
Just realized Lady Une from Gundam Wing looks like < PROPFEMALE > Palin . 
My desktop computer is full of viruses , now it won't even start properly . At least I still have my laptop , which is 10x stronger anyway . 
Kinda pathetic I have to force myself to do homework . 
.. est tres pissed . 
Is thinking about getting the latest PS3 model . 
Got in a minor accident . Bummer . 
pas possible ! 
hates saying good-byes . But it's better than farewell . 
Wonders how I managed to wake up every weekday at 6:00 AM four years of my life for \school . \"" 
Dieu merci c'est vendredi ... 
Funny how everyone is freaking out about a rumor that Miley < PROPMALE > is in town . 
Thinking about getting short-ish hair again . Sick of this mop top . 
veux de fish and chips . Like now . 
Noticed how random the clock chime at Highland is . One day it plays Halls of Montezuma and the next day it plays Deutschland Uber Alles 
So yeah , that dream about fighting off zombies with medieval weapons was kinda extreme . 
Cannot wait until this week is over . 
Is never procrastinating again !! UGH !!! 
Is still tired from last night . 
Is seriously thinking about studying abroad in < PROPFEMALE > for a semester . 
Is dismayed of the lack of storms this summer . 
Intro to fiction = tres boring . Sometimes I wonder why I haven't dropped the class yet . 
< PROPMALE > test tomorrow , I should study maybe ? Probably not . 
My sister got beat up . Wow that's funny . I'm embarassed to be related to that trashy wannabe anyway . 
Would like to go to the new Sonic , but every obese person in town is there . 
spends too much time on Facebook games . 
is so sick of this math \class \"" 
Wishes I could remember homework assignments . 
je sentis comme SCHEISSE 
Thinks I'm going to drop Intro to Fiction . The teacher is nice and all , but the stories are horrendously boring . Plus English 122 is way too stressful right now . 
Has zero energy . None . Null . Too bad colleges didn't have a class called \Sleeping Theory . \"" 
has an annotated bibliography I should do . 
Just saw Zombieland and was disappointed on the lack of variation of weapons . 
Looks like I'm turning in another assignment late . I need some motivation to do these projects . 
Finally got the motivation to start my project . Unfortunately , I haven't slept at all and I have to leave in a few hours . 
Is finally getting over this \mystery\ " sickness . " 
Sleep deprivation . Yay . 
Weekends only start after this lame Friday class . 
Physically - I want to take a nap . But the mind demands more Fallout 3 . 
Oh how I wish I could go to a real college . Maybe then I would have motivation . 
Is really sick of hearing about the following : < PROPFEMALE > Fox , 2012 , that kid and the balloon , the Gosslins , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Yay for the substandard American media . 
I really hope I didn't hear what I thought I heard earlier today . 
Oh no it's starting to get cold . That means all the girls are getting out their hideous Uggs/furry boots . Surprising some people still wear them . They were in style like four years ago ? 
And now one of my inspirational quotes , from the mouth of your President , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , straight to your heart . Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation ; for it is better to be alone than in bad company . 
Does not understand why people make a big deal about my self imposed celibacy . I don't want/need that nonsense . 
Is wondering how many Lady Gagas there will be this Halloween . 
Needs to get a costume . 
Bad hair day . Not fun . 
Needs a nap . Seriously . 
Dear American media , the disease you most recently relabeled as H1N1 is NOT a pandemic . Please find some real news to cover rather than trying to frighten the ignorant masses . 
has to write four more pages for this project before 1:00 , on zero motivation and minimal inspiration . Subject : Why it is important to learn a foreign language . 
Wrote my six < PROPFEMALE > paper in six hours , apparently it looks \high quality\ " so I'm happy . " 
Has a hard time finding clothes . Almost everything is so ugly these days . 
Is no longer super broke . Yay ... 
Wonders why people never give trick-or-treaters a trick rather than the customary treat ? I mean they are giving the host a choice ... 
Has had enough of Jokers and vampires for the next ten years . 
Is going out to eat with < PROPFEMALE > Kane , < PROPFIRST > Kane , and < PROPFIRST > Bastian . 
Is feeling more lethargic than usual . Not good since my sister is having flu like symptoms . 
Soiree ! Miche besoins de l'amusement . 
' s power level is over a million , which happens to be way more than 9000 . 
Is getting bored with video games ? 
Is so sick of all the dogs in my neighborhood . A crossbow would be perfect for dealing with that . 
Montag ...... yawn . Mondays and Wednesdays are by far the worst of the week . 
Damned applications posting the same results over and over . 
Has purchased a ushanka . They are tres sexy , don't deny it . 
Thank God it's the weekend . Only three more weeks of class . 
Friday the 13th ... 
Comrade Miche is going to get schwasted tonight ... 
The one class I absolutely want to take - Fundamentals of Meteorology - is full . I'm so sick Highland aka college lite . 
Sooo bored . Soooo sick of Freeport and its lack of entertainment . 
My sister wants to see the new Twilight movie . I've lost all hope in her . 
Has never felt more idiotic in his life . Good thing it's the weekend . 
Is inflicted with chronic boredom . 
Just had bread and Nutella in < PROPMALE > class , with some other foods - < PROPMALE > flashback to petit dejeuners in French class . 
What a boring holiday Thanksgiving is . Miche is no glutton . 
Main email account was hacked , so sorry to the random people on my contacts list that got spam . 
Hates giving speeches/presentations ... 
Is taking a long hiatus from Oriental style food . Ugh . 
Loves the snow , but hates driving in it . 
Would have fucking jury \duty\ " on a day I have to take finals . " 
Doesn't understand why people who have lived in Freeport all their life bitch about snow every year . It's not like we live in Florida . 
The most boring three hours of my life have ended . 
< PROPMALE > test today . I'm screwed . 
Needs to stop spending especially since I don't have a job . 
Will not be seeing this so called Avatar movie , thank you . Blue Mystique knock offs and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > do not make a good movie . 
Has noticed a recent and sudden Pokemon resurgence on the Internet . Strange . 
No longer feels like death . At least last night was fun . 
Needs to finish Christmas shopping . 
Rain on Christmas ? Seriously ? Oh well , at least it isn't 20 inches of snow . 
Joyeux Noel/Frohe Weihnachten ( and not \Happy Holidays \")" 
Hates when I get things I absolutely do not want or do not need . 
thinks he has reached that age where Christmas is no longer as exciting as it used to be . 
Feels like I'm the only person on this earth that could care less if football and all its players suddenly ceased to exist . 
is soooo ready for tonight . 
\Don't hide yourself in regret 
Wow . Oh my God ! I am soooo out of shape , there is no way I will ever be able to run a mile and a half with an acceptable time . 
Cannot wait until 7:00 AM when the MAG beta becomes public . 
has watched Ghost Hunters on and off for the past two days and can say that I am having second thoughts about visiting a real haunted place . 
MAG is pretty much amazing even in it's beta , wayyy better than Monotonous Warfare . 
is wondering what's with all the status updates that mention only a single color . 
is NOT looking forward to tomorrow . 
drinks soda , not \pop . \ " Okay ? Thanks . " 
I can tell already that this semester is going to suck . 
sometimes just feels like chopping all his hair off . Ughhhh . 
' s American literature teacher is way nerdy . But that makes the class more fun . 
Finally got a decent camera . I feel like I'm lagging behind in technology . 
is experiencing the phenomenon known as Thirsty Thursday . 
Oh joy , I have to read Huck Finn yet again for another literature class . Seriously , what does the education system have against more modern reading material ? 
is under the impression that Facebook wants me to be a cop or a politician with all these random ads I keep getting . 
Ugh this math class will be the death of me . 
wants another Coke float . They are indeed scrumptious . 
Loves silently gloating when you know you are vastly more intelligent than someone . 
\You have no < PROPMALE > to survive make your time . Ha ha ha \"" 
is about to get on the treadmill and play PS3 , who said exercising can't be fun ? 
wonders how I woke up at 6:00 AM all throughout high school . 
Hello , my name is Inigo Montoya . 
\Kill all sons'a'bitches ... thas ' ' mah ' ficial inshtructhions \"" 
wishes he spoke with an accent . A genuine one . 
just completely BS'ed his lit . essay . Ah well , now to turn it in . 
So apparently the \iPad\ " came out . Whoever is stupid enough to waste $500 on something that looks like a giant iPod Touch and has the same features as the iPod Touch is beyond me . " 
Ramen noodles for breakfast . I'm such a healthy eater . 
Really has a hard time staying awake in the math \class . \"" 
should've used ratemyprofessors.com before I signed up for Giaimo's class . Too late to drop now . 
Has to get Left 4 Dead 2 and MAG . Sigh . I need a job . 
sometimes just wants to quit Highland and leave Freeport . This town has nothing left to offer me . 
So I tuned into the Grammy's earlier and turned the channel after I witnessed an auto-tuned \live\ " performance . Does < PROPFEMALE > no longer support talent ? " 
is going to go destroy some zombies because I am bored . 
Doesn't have a look a like I don't think , so I'll try that myheritage tool and maybe post the crazy results later . 
according to urbandictionary , my nickname is short for < PROPFEMALE > . Nicht true . 
Okay this time I'll try my real name : handsome and intelligent man , < PROPFIRST > is very grounded and knows what he wants . < PROPFIRST > has the ideal person in mind and won't fall for someone fake . ambition and goals to take over the world is what he dreams up . give him his perfect partner and he will become complete like no other time in his life . < PROPFIRST > is like the sun and is legendary 
still has the old Facebook layout somehow , though I'm not complaining about it . 
Superboring Sunday more like it . We've already established I'm one of the few people in < PROPFEMALE > that hates football . 
What the hell ? Twitter is spamming my updates . Sigh . 
Needs to stop staying up all night , especially when I have a class at 10:00 AM . 
Brilliant strategy Highland . Only cancel evening classes after you figure out no one is attending day classes due to the snow . 
Hmmm , strange thundering noise outside followed by various items within the house rattling for a second or two . I do believe Northern Illinois just experienced a minor earthquake . 
Cannot concentrate on this boring essay about boring stories that involve boring American literature frankly because it is boring . 
Meant to take an hour nap before going to class , but ended up sleeping for way longer than that . Oh well . 
ugh . No motivation to do anything anymore . 
had a dream that I was part of an elite task group that had the mission to hunt down and destroy zombie babies that threatened to spread their infection to the rest of the population . Pretttyyyy strange ... 
just logged onto Myspace for the first time in months . That website really is a cyber ghetto now . 
Just two months until I turn 21 !!!!! Ughhhhh . I can't wait any longer . 
Is a bit peeved ... ah well . Can't win at everything . 
Thinks it's pretty nifty that Facebook now has Latin as a language option . 
Seriously , what the hell is with all the earthquakes this year ? Haiti , Chile , and a few smaller ones near Indonesia , ROC , And Turkey . I hope California won't be joining that list . 
One week of aimless classes left . Let's see if I can do this . 
Is very much not < PROPFEMALE > . The food is nasty and whisky is grotesque . 
Has officially withdrawn from < PROPMALE > class . The class , not the language . I need to move to Europe before I forget what French and < PROPMALE > I do know . 
It is now officially spring break . It is also snowing/sleeting outside . 
is apparently extremely stuck up and only cares for himself . I love internet insults . 
Hmmm . Met my brothers for the first time last night and I have to say they know a lot about cars , but I guess everyone does here ? 
Has concluded that : 1 ) . The people here in Huntington Beach dress wayyyy differently than Hollister wannabes in Freeport . 2 ) . I feel like I wear my pants too baggy now . 
is going to Hollywood and Chinatown hopefully . 
I think I should move to Southern California . The people here mind their own business and have better things to do than gossip . Plus there's lots to do , a lot of my family is here and I was born here anyway . 
It's almost 80 degrees here . Seriously ? I mean , it isn't even April . I guess the warmth did follow me back . 
Has officially begun searching for jobs . Not that there are very many options to begin with . 
Is determined to actually wake up and go to class tomorrow . 
Is really , really sick and tired of the birds here . 
Wants to paint his car . It's too scratched up and there's like two other cars that look the same that can sometimes be found in the Highland parking lot . 
Misses the days when teachers gave report cards periodically . I look on moodle after a few months to find I'm not doing as well as I thought . 
Apparently , those silly Canadians celebrate Easter on Monday . 
Oh thunder and lightening , how I have missed you so . 
Haha , wow . I really need to get in shape . 
If I ever decided to eventually move to California , one thing I would miss is these storms we get here . 
' s mother doesn't seem to understand I'm old enough to make my own decisions . 
Nine days left . You're not truly out of your teens until you're 21 . 
Made the mistake of typing \lol Limewire\ " into Google and pressing I'm feeling lucky . Now I'm going to have that song stuck in my head for a week . " 
Wishes I could have seen the meteor . I'm always in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
is in need of some adventure . Or a nap would suffice . 
Needs to make new plans for tonight as suddenly no one has money to do anything . 
Too tired to do anything anymore including celebrating pathetically enough . 
What the hell ? A whole fireworks display ? I didn't know I was so appreciated in this lame town . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone , even if I slept the entire time . 
I can't help wondering , but why the hell do we celebrate getting older ? 
< PROPMALE > Leeee tulibu dibu douchoo ! 
Looks as if I will be stuck at Highland for another year and a half . Guess that's what I get for slacking off for so long . 
Sometimes it seems like things go in slow motion , especially when I have to share the road with idiotic drivers . 
Hmmm nothing to do tonight . Guess I'll have a few shots . 
My favorite part in Avatar was the part where I didn't see it . 
Any normal person would be trashed by now , but not me . It's all about self control with a little bit of natural tolerance , of course . 
Wants to get a new hairstyle . 
So apparently Happy Meals have been banned in San < PROPFIRST > , California under the assumption that the toys will entice children ( or their parents ) to buy more and more of the meals , thus causing childhood obesity . Ridiculous , just like the soda tax idea . Not everyone can get fat . 
Hmmm decisions , desicions . 
Is < PROPFEMALE > suck at singing and dancing . No joke . 
This is preposterous . There should be a Tolkien quote day . 
Haircut tomorrow , still don't know how I want it done . 
Getting really sick of going to certain clothing stores and everything is plaid/flannel . This lumberjack style needs to go . 
Biology final in an hour , the hardest thing will be fighting the urge to sleep . 
Has decided that if I ever decided to smoke for some bizarre reason , I would need an awe-inspiring cigarette holder . 
Has come to the conclusion that superhero/villain costumes ( both live action and animated ) are hopelessly ugly , exceptions include < PROPMALE > Batman and a few others . \ 
I mean yellow and red ? I'm more inclined to think Iron Man will ask me for my order . 
Hmmm , looks like I will be pulling an all-dayer or whatever the equivalent of an all-nighter for a nocturnal person is called . 
So , ebay ... why is it that all the clothes I somewhat like are located in Seoul , South Korea ? Apparently , I'm into Asian fashion . 
Had a dream that I was on a boat . Or more specifically a very fast moving ship . But being on a ' boat ' sounds better . 
Must learn to tie a tie , providing the tie that I ordered from < PROPFIRST > Kong arrives anytime soon . 
Hmmm choices choices . Black or white ? What color shirt goes well with a grey military jacket ? Or maybe I should stop spending money I don't have ? UGHHHHHHHHHH 
Has it really been two years since I finished high school ? Wow . I'm getting too old . I would be done with Highland too if I wasn't such a slacker . 
Return the slab or suffer my curse . 
Soooo bored . Can't wait until this month is over . 
May or may not be in the process of developing an ebay spending habit . An intervention may soon need to be in order . 
Saturday night , nothing to do . Guess it's time to challenge myself and finish off this bottle of vodka . 
Yuck . I hate hot weather . I should move to Alaska or maybe somewhere in Canada , like Montreal or Quebec . 
is very much the most indecisive person on the planet . 
I swear it's hot enough to bake cookies in my car . 
Finally is starting to get his stuff in the mail , can't wait to wear it all . 
Has FINALLY discovered how to tie a tie . Only took like five minutes and Youtube . Amazing what can be accomplished when you actually make an effort . 
I want the future . 
has a minor case of Thalassophobia . No joke . 
There has been a party all day at my neighbors . However , all the attendees are loud , ghetto stoners and their crusty kids . Yuck . 
It's actually June ! This month is going to be purely amazing . 
is contemplating getting a pair of aviators ... just because . 
Why hasn't ticketmaster even bothered printing my tickets yet ? If I don't get them , I will be pissed . $200 wasted . 
tends to lose track of the days when he's not in school . 
Summer classes start tomorrow . At least I had the smarts to take online courses this time . Ugh . When can I leave Highland ? 
Found out there were tornadoes in Steator , IL , where my grandpa lives . He says he's too old to go stormchasing , but I'm still jealous . I want to see a tornado damn it ! 
Would probably follow the trend and delete his Myspace as I do not use it anymore , but that would be throwing away too many high school memories . 
feels like going on a random late night drive . 
is quite the bored one today . In other news , today is Kamehameha day according to Wikipedia . 
hates hot and humid weather . In fact , I pretty much hate summer period . I wouldn't mind moving somewhere where it's always cool and/or rainy like Seattle or northern Britain . 
Somehow my phone got into the washing machine . Well , I suppose now I have a viable excuse to get a new one ... as soon as I get the money . 
My sister has a Facebook now . Heh . I thought it wasn't ghetto enough for her . 
According to Yahoo , O'Hare is one of the airports to avoid this summer . That's encouraging . 
finally got a new phone . But I think the guy at Radio Shack messed up activating it because it's not working right . 
Not that I'm a soccer fan or anything , but those vuvuzelas really are beyond annoying . 
Hmm . It seems like , one way or another , I am always waiting for something . 
' s phone is finally working . Now to find something else to do . 
Severe thunderstorm warning . Yay ! Maybe I should go stormchasing . 
Father's Day and all the traditional gifts are , frankly , boring . Glad I won't be having any kids . 
Yep . it's officially summer now . The season of continuous dog barking , lawn mowers running , ice banging against cups , and the annoying flip flop noise . God help me . 
Finally got my Lady Gaga tickets in the mail . Now the waiting shall commence . 
May very well die of toxic fumes before I get to the airport . Oh , what a world . 
Just saw a few Freeporters at the airport , including Mr. Scheirer . That damned pretzel shirt stands out . Or I could just be imagining it . 
Has never seen more Asians and Mexicans in his life . I seriously feel like a minority . 
I feel cut off from the world when I have a computer without internet . 
Is not too aware of a lot things people my age are . I'm like an old guy in a young person's body . Maybe I just need to get out more . 
Going to the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Maybe if I go to the supposedly haunted areas alone I'll see a ghost . 
I'm a bit dismayed I didn't see any ghosts on the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , but the propeller room and the steam room were pretty dark and creepy . Felt like I was being watched even though I was the only person in the entire area . 
Is at my brothers graduation party . And I may or may not be in the process of getting trashed . How embarassing . It's not even the evening yet . 
Has never been more ashamed of himself in his entire life . I've made a complete fool of myself in front of 50+ people at Brandyn's party . 
Haha . Everyone is just now starting to get scrazy . Ummm I was like that 6 hours ago kids . 
J'allerais a < PROPFIRST > aujourd'hui . 
Tie and a faux dress shirt . Not appropriate attire for being in the desert . 
So yeah ... Las Vegas . The scenery is nice , but the entire city is essentially one giant scam . 
Lost his new phone in Vegas . Guess things really do stay there . 
Ugh . The more videos I watch that I made over the last few days , I realize that I hate my voice more and more . 
Why is it that whenever you meet new people they all ask you the same questions ? Like ...... Where are you from ? Do you have a girlfriend ? What kind of music do you like ? What kind of car do you drive ? Where do you work ? OH MY GOD . ASK SOMETHING ELSE . 
Would get sick when I'm out here . I have the worst luck . 
My aunt wants take me near the national border in San < PROPMALE > . I'm not so sure that is safe what with how irresponsible our government is . 
Completely thought I was going to leave on Tuesday instead of Monday ... guess this changes everything . 
Bored . Kinda fed up with everyone changing plans on me . 
< PROPFIRST > ' Miche ' < PROPMALE > is looking into postponing my trip back to Freeport by at least a day or two . Jeez , I haven't even had time to visit my other grandmother while I've been here . 
Wants some decent explosives , unfortunately most fireworks are illegal here just like in Illinois . 
Landed in Chicago . I did NOT miss this heat , that's for sure . 
is still mad at himself for not getting a picture of that F-15 that was flying below my plane earlier . I think I was the only one that noticed it . 
Haircut and going to < PROPMALE > to apply for a job tomorrow . I hope I get this job , it lasts from now and ends in December and is 2nd shift , which is what I need . 
I'm surprised my car made it to < PROPMALE > today , with the strange noises it was making and the crappy Wisconsin roads . If I get that job , I'm saving up for a new car . 
is watching Gundam Wing : Endless Waltz . There are some things I will never grow too old for . 
will be devoting this weekend to filling out my FAFSA form and several applications . Sigh . 
really wants some fresh Kripsy Kreme doughnuts . Oh , too bad there aren't any within like 100 < PROPMALE > or so . I hate small towns . 
So I guess I have Obsessive Computer Disorder . Thanks Urban Dictionary . 
The internet has decided to consistently display advertisements for the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Mandalay Bay , Excalibur , and New York casinos . Jeez , I want to go back west bad enough as it is , but this is making it worse . 
It never ceases to amaze me how people always bitch about the rain like it's something new . Go move to northern Chile if you hate it so much , I hear it never rains there . 
My basement is way flooded . Eff em el . 
These last few days have been quite shitty . I've lost friends before through disassociation , but never like this . A flooded basement and more bullshit from Highland isn't helping either . 
Went to the hospital for the first time in say ... 21 years ? Now I'm going to have a huge hospital < PROPMALE > to top off an already terrible week . 
Is never going to be in an online class again , especially when I don't have an internet connection for two weeks AND the teacher never responds to my emails ! 
Drinking in Milwaukee with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Ewww . Kidney pains and an upset stomach . At least it was worth it . 
So the potential competition at the Swiss Colony is looking pretty pathetic . Why wouldn't they hire me over people that look and smell like they haven't showered in weeks ? Yuck . 
If it were possible to beat stupidity out of people , I'd be slapping my sister around constantly . 
Oh my God . I have to get out of Freeport as I'm on the verge of insanity . According to the police , some children thought it would be cool to smash in the windows of two dozen or so random cars around town , mine included . And my insurance doesn't cover it as I only have liability . I can't take this shitty place and it's imbecilic people anymore . Everything has to go fucking wrong at once . 
LikE OmG , It'S FriDaY tHe ThirTTeentH we aRe AlL GoinG to GeT MuRDereD . \ 
\ 
Too funny really , all these statuses about it . I don't believe in such nonsense . 
is enjoying his last weekend of freedom before school starts again . These next two semesters are going to suck . 
Found out today that I actually passed Intro to Music , despite not having an internet connection for like three weeks . Sooooo relieved ! 
My dog died . We weren't very close , but I feel really bad that I often ignored him . I've had enough of this dying nonsense for awhile . 
Reallly cannot wait until next Thursday . September needs to get here quickly . 
My sister is 17 today . However , she most certainly will not be getting any presents or cake . 
Is brainstorming a crazy hairstyle for next week . I'm thinking something La Roux-ish . 
Slept in AGAIN . So much for having a good semester . I still think night classes should be offered . 
Ughh , why the hell do people always mispronounce my last name ? Seriously , is it that hard ? It's \Dee wit\ " not \ " do it . \ " For fuck's sake . " 
This may sound strange to some people , but I really want to experience a hurricane . Maybe a few tornadoes too , which always seem to be in the wrong place at the wrong time here . 
Left town with the rockshow . 
At the < PROPMALE > Center . Screw the opening acts , WE WANT GAGA ! 
Ahhhh I can't believe Lady Gaga is right there ! ll 
So Gaga didn't call me . I'm sad . But I want to go to the Monster Ball again . Maybe if she adds more dates nearby , I will definitely get floor tickets . 
Feels sick . I don't recommend Spike energy drink at all . 
has somehow acquired a cold . So much for enjoying the rest of the weekend . 
Is Highland closed today or what ? Damned staff never tells us anything . 
Has just about had it with being sick . Ughhh . 
is sooo behind in his school work , I might have to withdraw from a class . I'll never leave this place . Seriously , FML . 
has a colossal migraine , but on the brightside , it's starting to get cold again . Yay ! No more ridiculous tans , flip flops , various insects , and hot , muggy weather . 
My iTunes was hacked I guess . Someone used the $6.00 I had left , but Apple actually gave me a refund and a new account . I'm way surprised they did that . 
I hate driving !!!!! I hope I end up moving to a big city so I can just take public transportation everywhere . 
I really hate kids . Especially the noisy/screaming types like my neighbors have . 
Lost his aviators . Damn it . Don't really need them with this weather though . 
Needs money , possibly 200 by tomorrow . Ugh . I wish Highland would send out the aid checks NOW . 
So , today I was asked what my passion(s ) are . Good question , really , because I have no idea . 
Applied at Cimino's . I really hope I get the job . 
is so sick of hearing about football already . Seriously , why are people so obsessed with it ? It's BORING . 
is also sick of society's either/or mentality . Too many people are either unaware of or cannot grasp the concept of what it is to be ace . 
feels like an obese person trapped in a skinny person's body . I really need to lay off the junk food or else I will die of heart failure before I reach 30 . 
My sister is blasting her \music\ " and severely impeding my progess on a 200 point assignment due in 12 hours . I put music in quotes because autotuned chanting to a repetitive beat ( i.e. rap ) is not real music . " 
Has short-ish hair and I'm still not used to it . 
has been informed via Facebook statuses that a number of females like \it\ " in various places . " 
wants to visit a REAL haunted place and get locked down Ghost Adventures style . No fake/staged garbage either . 
Ugh . It's way too hot for October . 
plans on seeing a certain lady again . If I don't get money in time to buy floor tickets , I will be quite upset . I am not obsessed . 
So I think I may have gotten a job , I was just told to show up for orientation . Unfortunately , I have to wait until Nov . 29th to start making money . 
has several ideas for costumes this year , but they are going to end up costing a bit to make . If I'm going to dress up , I don't settle for the cheap , poorly made look . 
It really sucks having a broken hot water heater . Sometimes it's the simplest things we can take for granted . 
My sister got a tattoo . I am thoroughly disappointed/disgusted . \ 
But she got it done by an amateur ( since she is under 18 ) and they messed it up . Kind of funny really . 
Dear scientists , please invent a pill for motivational problems . I would also appreciate time travel and teleportation while you are at it . Oh , and maybe some way to stop aging before I reach 30 . And don't worry about accidentally creating a disease that causes zombification , it would be a somewhat fun experience . 
Every other November , I long for the day when I will not have to view uncreative and ridiculous political ads . The unsightly yard signs are even worse . 
would like to finally finish his , as the British would say , maths . Well , as soon as I get stop playing The Lord of the Rings Online , which won't be anytime soon . 
Okay , I'm aware of the fact that I know a lot of smokers . \ 
But , I'm also going to be honest here ... \ 
Cigarettes stink . Terribly . \ 
Not to mention they murder my allergies . 
Oh my , these are literally tropical storm force winds we have been having . 
finally has money again . However , it is not as much as I had hoped for . Now to decide what to spend it on . Nov . 29th needs to get here sooner . 
is doomed . 
So , apparently , the Illuminati use devices such as music , movies , and games to dumb down society through brainwashing/hidden messages . \ 
Well , I guess that would explain why I was somehow more book smart as a 12 year old than I am now . Still better off than a large percentage of Americans , though . 
finally got my phone reactivated ... again . 
So I went to dye my hair brown again and it turned a red color . Oh well , I kinda like it . 
Can't wait for Drunkfest ! Two days ! 
Oh , how I wish there really was a bizarre man that loves green and habitually hides behind a curtain while manifesting himself as a giant flaming head to bestow upon me the trait of courage . 
plans on getting half psychotic , sick hypnotic tonight . 
Drunkfest is pretty awesome . Met some cool people . 
I definitely have a hard time sleeping unless I'm home , but at least I am having fun here . 
really wants some lettuce , pepperoni , and ranch dressing . #wtfhealthyfood 
is mentally and physically exhausted . Not to mention going through game withdrawals . 
forgot all about my appointment with my counselor to schedule my spring classes . Ugh . \ 
Crapload of work to do within the next day , too . 
kinda wants to cut off his bangs . I'm starting to think they look ridiculous . 
has no intention of playing , let alone purchasing a game from a sell out series like Call of Duty . Please stop displaying ads for Black Ops . 
might just end up not going to school next semester . I've had enough of it , plus I probably will not have financial aid to pay for it anyway . 
-sigh- Sometimes , I wish I had a super awesome second personality . This one has problems . 
I've been seeing the number 1453 everywhere and it's beginning to make me paranoid . 
starts Operation Great Mistakes tomorrow if I can gather up enough courage . What is Operation Great Mistakes you ask ? Unfortunately , details at this time are confidential , but you are free to guess at your leisure . Although quite important , it's not bad or anything ( despite the name ) , just ... something I never even considered doing a few years ago . 
could honestly care less if The Beatles are on iTunes . Call me a blasphemer . 
So my big plan for today was postponed due to certain events . But it will begin tomorrow . In other news , I got my hair chopped off . 
Excuse my language , but fuuuuuuuuck ! I think I left another bad impression on someone , this time someone very important . Maybe this plan of mine wasn't a good idea after all . Or maybe I'm just paranoid , will try again tomorrow I guess . 
would like to torture and eventually execute whoever came up with all these rules for MLA , citing , etc . 
Is visiting my grandfather for Thanksgiving and checking out some old stuff . He has a -real- Colt . 45 that I want to play with . He's also bringing up my future and it really has gotten me thinking about a certain something again . I'm pretty sure I want to go now , but can I handle it ? 
may very well do a little shopping today ... for myself ! Ha ! \ 
No one else that I know of really wants anything for Christmas anyway . 
has to give a speech in about 10 hours , of which I have not prepared for . One thing that terrifies me is public speaking . 
is about to go to my first day of work in about a year and a half . I do NOT want to go , but I want money so guess I have no choice . 
I hate my job already . It's easy , but super boring . I want some adventure , not standing in the same spot for eight hours while on the verge of insanity . 
When I begin to lose motivation at work , all I have to do is remind myself that Lady Gaga floor tickets are on the line . 
has been having heartaches for a week now . I've had them on and off before , but not for a week at a time . Going to the doctor tomorrow and I hope it's nothing bad . 
I could care less for a lame fad , I just want to be associated with the < PROPMALE > of all motherfucking Saiyans . 
It never ceases to amaze me how people bitch about snow like they've never seen it before , despite living here most of their life . I , however , am somewhat happy because I finally got a snowblower . 
Really loves it when it seems that everything goes wrong at once . 
Wow some old guy seriously asked me if I knew the alphabet at work , that's how low the expectations for intelligence are here . The look I gave him was particularly nasty . 
Whatever happened to Christmas ? Now it's holiday tree , holiday cookies , holiday vacation , holiday pageant , holiday sales , holiday morning , etc . Bullshit , Christmas has been so secularized there is no reason to for the most minute of minorities to pretend to be offended . 
is finally done with school for the semester . Oh my God , finally ! Still think I have another year left , but I think it's best that I move on to somewhere else after spring . 
Just got my first paycheck in a year and a half . Now ... what to buy ? 
So I'm going through Highland's course catalog for next semester and it makes me want to move and/or change schools even more . Their course options really suck . 
So I bought what I thought was a red tie off of ebay due to the poor image quality and it turned out to be PINK . What the hell ? Oh well , it looks a bit retro so I don't mind . 
Kinda misses the days of Tri-County Christmas pageants . The ones where I lip synced all the songs . I could make it in today's music industry with my lip syncing skills . 
Damn grandmother had a stroke and grandfather is sick in the hospital . Not exactly good Christmas news . 
sooo glad I'm done with working at the Swiss Colony . I NEVER want to do that shit again . Now , what shall I do with my life next ? 
I hate my name ! It's too bloody common . Ugh . 
Tired as ever , but went out to eat with the family anyway . A drink or two makes things better as well . 
Screw cowardly political correctness , < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
is starting early on half of my New Year's resolution , the other half ... ehhh . 
Oh wow I can see the northern lights . 
cannot wait until February 28th and spring break in March ! UGHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
Overall , I would say I'm quite eager for 2011 . I have a feeling this is going to be a very decisive year , at least the latter half , if everything works out . It may also be my last year in Freeport , again , if all goes according to plan . 
Just ran 2.42 in thirty minutes . It may not seem like a lot , but it is a huge difference from 2.08 that I started with not even three weeks ago . I wonder how much better I will get in a few months . 
It looks like I'm going back to school , my aid appeal was accepted . But then again , how could you not accept a three < PROPFEMALE > appeal that was so expertly written ? Hehe , it was only supposed to a single paragraph in length . 
is thinking about transferring to another community college after this semester . I will only have 19 credit hours left to earn anyway . 
Overall , I would say that this semester is going to be a success . Especially geography , one of my best subjects , which will be an easy A . I still REALLY want to transfer somewhere else in the fall though I have yet to consider where . 
I cannot believe this ridiculous tax increase and even more money being taken out of checks ! A 66% increase . All because Illinois is having money problems . Stop allowing alcoholics and drug addicts to abuse welfare and the state would save millions . I guess this is all the more reason to move . 
wants to buy some fancy dress clothes . Just because . 
So ... I logged into Myspace for the first time in a long time today and I laughed . It helped me realize how much not only how much I've changed , but others as well . I still don't know what was with the hair though . 
I wish I could have a job like the people on Destination Truth or a show like Ghost Hunters . That would be so fun . The travel , the history ... 
I'm soooo sick of my car ! It always has some sort of problem . OMG . Now the battery is dead . I fucking hate cars in general . They are just a waste of money . 
I hate football . Especially all this Bears/Packers spam . I guess that makes me un-American . 
Ich bin mir absolut klar , ich trag den Namen Monster . 
A little over a month ! omgomgomgomgomg\ 
I can't wait ! I need to figure out how I'm going to get to downtown Chicago though because I have NO clue how . 
To go to class or not to go to class tonight . Ah , the choices I must make . 
I've been having some pretty strange and realistic dreams lately involving things like a tsunami in Southern California , getting trapped in a hurricane as a researcher of some sort , and the general location of the Holy Grail . Whatever . 
just did 2.57 < PROPMALE > . Getting better ! I will say that going outside in this cold weather after that feels remarkable . 
has the tune of some rock song my mom used to listen to in the ' 90s stuck in my head . I can't figure out the name of it or any of the lyrics and it is driving me INSANE . 
So the local news stations and the populace seem to think the world is coming to an end . It's just a bit a snow , I mean really . Something that northern Illinois has been receiving every year now . 
I don't care what anyone says , I like the snow , especially right after it falls . It makes everything in this dirty town look so pristine and perfect . Not to mention it keeps all the annoying people home . 
SERIOUSLY doesn't know what to do anymore ! I'm so bored with life here . 
* Insert non-football related status here . * 
Just ordered a 14.1 megapixel camera from Best Buy with money I shouldn't have spent only to find out it is backordered . What < PROPFEMALE > fuck . 
is counting down the days . Eighteen more until Chicago and an evening with my favorite lady . \ 
I hate to sound lame but it's true . 
So many people moaning about being single on < PROPFIRST>'s Day . It makes me happy to be ace . 
Monday cannot come quickly enough . I haven't been this excited in a long time . I'm ready to stand out in the cold rain all day if I have to . 
I hate being so skinny . Anyone interested in trading metabolisms ? 
Chicago , here I come . 
I can't believe I'm right next to the runway ! Tonight is going to be amazing . 
Stood out in the cold until my body was numb and encountered some pretty drunk people . I was also only a few feet from Lady Gaga which resulted in her making eye contact a few times . My voice is gone , my ears are ringing , and I met some cool people . Overall , the night was the very definition of < PROPFEMALE > . 
I miss Chicago already . It's one of the places I'm considering moving to eventually . 
I grow tired of the whole \baby momma\ " and \ " baby daddy\ " nonsense . Call me old fashioned but whatever happened to the concept of a mother and father 
What the hell does the grade \S\ " mean ? I certainly hope it means satisfactory or something of that calibre . " 
I just realized I haven't put gas in my car in like two months and it's still half full . Heh . That really hows how much I hate driving . 
You know you have Oriental blood in you when you incorporate rice into a breakfast meal ( even if it is a once in awhile thing . ) 
One of the things I hate about modern video games is voice chat . I never use it . Not only is it littered with little children , but if someone comes on with a southern accent , I get beyond irritated . 
My fortune cookie said that I shall step on the soil of many nations . \ 
Since one of my ambitions is to travel , that is very encouraging . 
You know it's spring when you have to clean bird crap off your car periodically . Accursed animals . 
is so scared about giving my demonstration speech tonight AND I haven't really prepared yet . 
