has opened up a new chapter in the book of enlightenment 

writing a paper about me .... anyone care to describe ? 
i love ramen 
should be doing my outline 
going to write history for new dnd character :D 
omg i'm alive 
Would yo be willing to murder an innocent person if it would end hunger in the world ? 
just incase anyone get's anything about a video from me don't open it some ass hacked my account 
mahna , mahna 
i have twenty four boxes of tagalongs in my closet 
twenty three boxes of tagalongs in my closet 
almost done 
22 boxes of tagalongs in my closet 
making music :) 
i wonder if you have a facebook ? 
i lost the game 
what should i write a song about ? 
become a fan of my new < PROPFEMALE > XD 
join my fan < PROPFEMALE > ! XD it's only a little egotistical 
i luv mah < PROPFEMALE > fans ! 
wasting time blink-182 :) 
is bald 
that's a little creepyXD 
little shop of horrors :) 
going to bed ... will be < PROPMALE > of the pool tomorow 
went to little shop of horrors , again . :) 
really hoping this cold doesn't cut into my weekend 
did < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
had second brakefast 
< PROPMALE > has a kid 
anyone with jones know what's due tomorow ? 
wrote some blog stuff 
lets burn down something beautiful ... so please understand this isn't goodbye . this is i can't stand you 
just shot ale 
just woke up from a five hour nap ........ 
Why would they take my shoes ?!? 
I'm not used to being alone on saturday night . 
last ap test tomorow :) 
I think it would be ironic if we were all made of iron . 
got home today and my xbox 360 wouldn't turn on .... now i have a ps3 
8436 
i don't understand < PROPMALE > of the w < PROPMALE > l spam ! 
self sacrifice is more of a state of mind , as opposed to an action 
just beat metal gear solid 4 .... again 
just talked to < PROPFIRST > beiber 
wants everyone to know that if they really care about my b day that they should buy me an enzo ferrari 
gonna wake up at 7 tomorrow ... 
Now more than ever , i need everyone to stick it to the man ! Stick it to the man until there is no more man . 
can anyone tell me who < PROPFIRST > laflam is ??? 
can't fall asleep ....... going to try again at 11:30 
adjectives on a typewriter , he moves his words like a prize fighter 
cried like a baby 
life is only as difficult as you see it as 
Anyone play MAG ? 
sooooooooooooooooooo sick 
home 
just got home ....... time to write a paper ! 
Not only did i get to finish my proposal tonight , but i get to wake up i 5 hours ! Also i get to prepare for the homecoming dance ! XD XD XD :( 
homecoming was awesome 
someone help me out .... i forgot the music theory site 
maybe if i go to bed now i won't be falling asleep in calculus 
Do you love your pineapple ? 
finally getting around to importing blink-182 cds to my ps3 
For an all-expense-paid , one-week vacation anywhere in the world , whold you be willing to kill a butterfly by pulling off its wings ? 
Would you be willing to murder an innocent person if it would end world hunger ? 
Wow ... finally the mag developers realized there was a game freezing problem .... maybe it'll get taken care of 
on and on reckless abandon ! 
i am an idea .. and idea's are bulletproof 
just beat god of war 3 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > where are you tonight ? And , who's layin ' there by your side ? Every night I fall a sleep with you , and i wake up alone . XD love Blink-182 
really happy about changing my language on facebook to pirate 
food-coma 
if i can't wish for more wishes , can i wish for more genies ? 
nutella ... win 
Every time i sovle my rubiks cube it makes me sad , because i'm not solving it anymore . 
I hit puppies with kittens , I hate children 
My most recent foe , the assassin , has been defeated . Now i shall move on to none other than the great dragon . I feel the journy will be long and perilous . Not to be far different from the days of the lost odyssey . THE CAKE IS A LIE ! 
foxy shazam has changed my life 
starting the revolution 
i think this storm was sent to test my sanity ... i can game only so much 
Just read the hellsing manga all of the way through .... again .... mind ( still ) = blown 
My warped is looking like it's going be really good . 
dubstep ? 
Listening to \You and I\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Michaelson on repeat " 
Jesus Christ Pepper is going to warped ! 
In the words of undercover brother , I got to get my cool back . 
