Aquamarine with brown and aqua flowers ^^ 

Slicing up eyeballs , I want you to know ... 
I can barely wait for Mass Effect 2 . I've preordered the collector's edition for the xbox and am refreshing my familiarity with ME1 with a full run through . It takes me a while because I do * every single side quest * ... and I can't shoot for shit . And I obsessively save before and after every decryption minigame because I refuse to bypass them with omnigel . I'm seeing an OCD theme here . Now for OCD ME2 . 
My Mass Effect 2 arrived in the mail today ! I don't even have my ME1 char done to import but Fuck It ! That sucker's gettin ' played ! * huggles box * I love you , video games . 
thinks the Diet Cokes in the work vending machine are breeding . If they reach the bottom row to interact with the Pibbs , there will be a Diet Pibb outbreak . Possibly mini-bottles . 
Stoked from beating ME2 and saving all of my crew . And Yes , I said \stoked\ " . * laughs * " 
Aarg , I finally broke down . It's all BioWare's fault for luring me in with their delectable games . * sigh * I got a Twitter account . Since Facebook's Twitter app refuses to cooperate , tweet me @sad_puppy if you want . 
Been waiting a while to see anything develop out of the HTC Supersonic for Sprint rumors . Today they announced the HTC EVO , which is the release name for the rumored phone . Still trying to decide between it and the Nexus One when it comes out for CDMA . Been waiting years for a new phone , and I'm not waiting much longer . ( Starving for an ebook reader . ) 
Does anyone have an HTC Hero and , if so , how are the games on it ? Not sure I'm prepared to spend a lot on a Nexus One or EVO , but would I be satisfied with a Hero ? The specs are significantly worse and nTelos has no date on updating to Android 2.1 . On the other hand , how often am I really going to need the higher processing speed ? Some games/apps that Android 2 . x , which is probably my strongest misgiving . 
Oh yeah ... and the Flash support ! The online Flash games !! 
It doesn't even have a camera flash . * bangs head against wall * 
doesn't want to get any older . I don't want to die before they develop technology to implant jacks in people's heads and experience stunning and scary virtual worlds . And , you know , work the bugs out of the system and hardware so brains stop frying . What if I'm too old to be compatible with the upgrade ?! Curse you , Sci Fi ! Raised my dreams for nothing ! 
is < PROPFEMALE > disappointed . Apparently my new position doesn't come with cake even though I still report to the same person for now . It's ok , but they just should have warned me instead of letting me find out on my birthday . I thought it was an April Fools ' joke , but it's just the bitter taste of disappointment . 
Thanks to those who clicked on my BioWare link for the last week and a half ! As long as everything goes smoothly , I'll be getting a surround sound headset / memory pack that I won a bid on . ( I was going to say RAM pack but .... no ... ) 
I'm thankful to the person who came over yesterday to make sure I didn't get electrocuted while setting up a pump in my flooded basement . We basically did everything I'd been considering already , but it was good to have someone giving confirmation . I'm not used to wading around flooded interior spaces while handling electrical devices . Yay for rubber rain boots ! First time I got to use them , too . xD 
Activated my HTC EVO about 1 hour ago . It's pretty fun . I saw a dig against the cluttered keyboard , but I love it . Everything on one screen ! 
Back from a 5-day weekend visiting the parents in Florida . Um ... not that I told anyone I left . Spent two days at Disney since Mom could get < PROPMALE > and myself in free . Wasn't it Disney that had Mr. Toad's Wild Ride ? I was looking forward to taking < PROPMALE > on it , but it was nowhere to be found . :( Let's hope I was just looking in the wrong park . 
