HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!! 

has had a very long day after a very long ( but awesome night ) and is very tired . going to bed to snuggle with my hubby . hope everyone has a great night . welcome 2010 
good night all 
Wake up , Wake up the sun is up ! Good morning peeps ! 
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY !!!!! 
how was everyone's weekend ? 
TGIF !!!! < PROPMALE>'s home for a whole week and today is our 10yr wedding anniversary . Life does not get any better then this . xoxoxox 
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY !!!!! 
enjoying a lazy day with < PROPMALE > 
i need a nap 
have a great weekend everybody !!! 
Feeling sad . < PROPMALE > just left for San < PROPMALE > . Going to be another long week . 
i am worn out and in need of a nap . driving to san < PROPFEMALE > and back sucks big time ! 
today is my baby girls birthday !!! where does the time go ? 
< PROPMALE > is coming home !!!!!!!!!! 
Life is Good !!!! 
had a fantasicly busy weekend my increadibly awesome hubby and our wonderful friends . completely wiped out now and ready for a nap . 
Just Breath 
If you can't be a good example , be a bad warning . 
Be the change you would like to see in the world ..... ghandi 
how much longer til football season is over ? 
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take , but by the number of moments that take your breath away . 
Driving to Tuscan Arizona tomarrow . Woo Hoo !!! Road Trip .... Road Trip ... Road Trip !!!!! 
Back from AZ . GOD what a long drive . my poor tushy will never be the same . 
visualize whirled peas 
just breath 
its not the years we spend on this earth that matter , but the love we share while here 
a mans kiss is his signature . - < PROPFEMALE > West 
Nothing would make me happier the to see my ex-husband ( the slimey rat bastard ) roasting in agoney in the firey pits of hell for all eternity . unless he was first to die a painfully slow death . preferably by my hands of course . 
Heading to the Bay Area tomarrow Mom having surgery for breast cancer . October is breast cancer awareness month . ladies do those exams . 
has a verry sick boy at home . maybe heading for er .. hope its not the swine flu . 
woo hoo . son feeling better no swine flu !!!! 
if the dog yacks on the floor one more time i swear to god i am going to kill him .. ggrrrrrr 
my baby boy is 14 today . they grow so fast . HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > !!!!! I LOVE YOU APPLES ORGANGES AND TREES !!! 
OMG !!!!! its 3am and i'm wide awake again !! i am so freaking tired . 
met my incredably , fabulous , handsome and amazing husband , < PROPMALE > , 16 blissfuly happy yrs ago today . 
night all 
Let's see how honest FB friends are ... leave a ONE WORD comment that you think best describes me . It can be only one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave one word about you ! 
good morning peeps 
what is everyone doing for halloween ? 
...... i make it a point to thank the lord when i got him on the line , i'm feelin ' good and eveything is fine ........ josh turner 
HAPPY HALLO-WEENIE PEEPS !!!!!!!! HOPE EVERYONE HAS A FUN AND SAFE EVENING 
..... i make it a point to thank the lord when i got hime on the line , i'm feelin good and everything is fine ...... josh turner 
with style and grace kick ass and take names ... conquer with love ..... and fight like a girl 
my heart goes out to the soilders and families of fort hood . what a yerrible tragidy . you'll be in my thought and prayers 
night all !! 
good mornng peeps !! 
had to have our old lab put down today . family is very sad . 
OMG WTF !!!!! I am soooo f**king tired of people telling how to live , what to say , and how to feel and then when i finally have enough and speak my mine i'm being a bitch . i'm tired of walking on egg shells around people . 
good night all .. hope tomarrow is a better day 
good morning peeps ! 
good night all !! sweet dreams ! 
my baby pasted her drivers test today !!!!! YEAH !!! congratulations sweetheart . everyone clear the sidewalks she is on the loose . 
has a killer headache 
I am thankful for the love and care of wonderful husband and very best friend ... Ron 
yummy dinner , hot shower , clean sheets and blankets , feeling almost human again . tomarrow should be a better day .... i hope . night all sweet dreams 
Today I am thankful for all of the men and women serving in the United States Armed Forces . May God keep and protect you 
Today I am thankfull for my beautiful , healthy , happy children . < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . you are the light of my life and my reason for living 
Today I am thankful for old friends returning to my life 
Today I am thankful for my Mother . Happy Birthday Mommy !!!!!! 
Today I am thankful for my siblings .... < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ... you guys are awesome and i love ya . 
The size of your heart is not measured by how much you love , but by how much you are loved in return ...... The Wizard of OZ . 
Today I am thankful for my Grandparents .. may you rest in peace in the the < PROPFEMALE > of gods eternal love 
Today I am thankful for Percocet ( thank god for drugs ) it is going to be a long , cold winter 
going to try for an early night tonight . so i'm off to bed . hopefully i'll fall asleep before 2 am ... aahhh we can only hope . night all 
Today I am thankful for the unwavering , continual love and support of the most amazing man in the whole world ... my husband .. < PROPMALE > Lucich 
suffering from the FB virus . god i hate being sick . 
Lifes tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise to late .... < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Today I am thankful for my wonderful cousins 
today i am thankful for my father may he rest in peace 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired :( ~ 
Today I am thankful to be feeling almost human again .. yeah for nyquil 
Today Iam thankful to finaly be feeling better 
Good Morning Peeps !!!! Hope everyone has a beautiful day ! xox 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 
turkey is smelling soooo yummy cant wait for it to be done . 
good morning peeps !!! 
Good Morning Sunshine !!!! Hope everyone has a great week . 25 shopping days until christmas . 
I've got lightening in my viens and thunder in my chest , all tangled up with you just trying to catch my breath .... 
good night all . 
YEA !!!!! the computer is up and running again . Oh Happy Day !!! 
hi all my farmville peeps . looking for more nieghbors . please add me . thanks 
22 shopping days left until christmas 
21 shopping days left until Christmas 
20 shopping days left until christmas 
good night all !!! 
18 shopping days left until christmas 
its SNOWING !!!!!!!!! 
17 shopping days left until christmas 
SNOW DAY !!!!!! no school today . lots of snow to play in YEA !!! 
16 shopping days left till christmas 
15 shopping day left until christmas 
good morning peeps !!! what a beautiful day . 14 shopping days left until christmas 
13 shopping days left until christmas 
12 shopping days left til christmas 
On the first day of christmas my true love gave to me ...... 
11 shopping days left til christmas 
On the 2nd day of christmas my true love gave to me .... 
good night alll 
10 shopping days letf until christmas ! 
life is not about waiting for the storm to pass , its about learning to dance in the rain . 
good morning peeps ! hope everyone has an awesome day 
GGGRRRRRR , i'm a woman on the edge tonight 
8 shopping days left until christmas ! 
good morning peeps !!!!! bbrrrr its cold this morning . just want to snuggle back down in my nice warm bed and cuddle with my hubby . .. maybe tomarrow . 
7 shopping days left until christmas 
Remember , the greatest gift is not found in the store nor under the tree , but in the hearts of true friends .... < PROPFEMALE > lew hoo 
give me one firm spot on which to stand and i will move the earth . 
6 shopping days left until christmas 
I am sorry to inform everyone , that this year Christmas has to be canceled . Someone told < PROPFEMALE > that i had been a good girl this year .... he died laughing . 
The best way to spread christmas cheer , is singing loud for all to hear .. 
peace on earth and in our hearts , let love ring out both near and far .... 
4 Shopping days left until Christmas !!!! 
3 shopping days left until christmas 
2 shopping days left til christmas 
2 shopping days left until christmas 
a hug is the perfect gift . it comes from the heart and one size fits all . hope everyone had a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas ! hugs to all . 
.... and i heard him exclaim er he drove out of sight < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night !!!! 
good morning !!!! hope everyone had a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas 
cleaned my car tonight , after the kids had barrowed it . guess what i found ? all the christmas cards that my son was supposed to put in the mail for me . guess i will save them for next year . hope everyone had a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas 
good night all ! keep your fingers crossed that the puppy sleeps alnight tonight . 
Good morning friends ! Happy New Years !!! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE !!!!!! Hope everyone has a fabulous and safe evening . blessings in the new year ! 
1-1-11 welcome to 2011 !!!!!! wishing everyone great blessings , love , laughter and happiness in the new year may all your dreams come true 
nighty night , sleep well . 
When did taking a bath go from being the ultimate punishment , to being the ultimate pleasure ? 
has the stomach flu . god this sucks !!! 
good morning facebook peeps ! hope everyone has a great day !! 
why is farmville not working ? 
good night all . see ya on the flip side 
feels like crap . wish this stomach thing would go away . 
purple 
is heavily medicated for your protection 
Wake Up , Wake up The sun is up !!! Happy Monday everyone ! 
why oh why are men ( some men .. not you baby , your perfect in everyway ) such flaming F***ing asshole ? 
*%$#@#!* aaggghhhh men !!!! i am soooo tired of all of their f***ing immature irresponsible bullshit !!!! GOD !! 
Good Morning to you , Good Morning to you , we're all in our places with sunshiney faces . Oh this is the way to start a new day . Good morning , Good Morning , Good Morning !!! 
Rather then move he let < PROPMALE > light the first one and pass it to him . 
IT'S TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN DONT . IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE REPOST THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR . AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!!!! 
HAPPY HUMP DAY !!!! 
feels like crap !!!! if i have mono the kids are in soooo much trouble 
my hubby is the most wondeful man in the whole world . i am truelly blessed to have him in my life 
feeling sort of human today 
clearly overestimated feeling better . did way to much and now feel even worse then i did before . oh well tomarrow is another day . 
i loved < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > in your bathroom because big bird told me to and he is my leader 
life is not about waitng for the storm to pass , its about learning to dance in the rain . 
live your life is such a way that when your feet hit the floor in the morning satan shudders and say \Oh shit she's awake . \"" 
If you are a wife ( I'm a girlfriend , close enough for government work ) , that has a wonderful husband ( he's a boyfriend , again government work ) that works hard and would give up anything just to give it to you ! God has blessed me and I love him very much !!! ? ? ? Repost if this is your man too !!! 
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need ! I love my kids . They may not be perfect but they are mine and I LOVE THEM UNCONDITIONALLY !!! 
rain rain go away !!!!! 
GOD OUR FATHER , WALK THROUGH MY HOUSE AND TAKE AWAY ALL MY WORRIES AND ILLNESSES ; AND PLEASE WATCH OVER AND HEAL MY FAMILY . This is a prayer I received today , and thought I should pass it on 
too funny not to share ! Using only 4 words tell me what you would say to me if we woke up in jail together . Then copy & paste this to your own FB status & see the responses you get !! 
Have faith . Like a child , you must believe . 
thinking about moving . hhmmm where to go ? checking out houses in florida . thats awfully far from home . 
i smell dust 
Have to admit I love my big sis more than anything just wish that we could all see more of each other .............. love my sister more than words can say . If you have a sister who is your bestfriend , has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin , copy and paste th ... is to your status . The world would not be the same without our sisters ! ? ? ? 
i came , i saw , i kicked dusts ass !... tomarrow we start on the upstairs ... it never ends 
what a beautiful day ! 
It's P.A.W ... Pet Apprieciation Week :) Change your picture to your pet for the whole week . Don't have a pet ? Then change it to the pet you wish you had ! Re-post this ! 
If you are a woman with a wonderful man that works hard and loves you , then repost this ... because great men are few and far between and I have one !!!! 
looks like we are going to get more rain . i hate the rain . give me show ! 
ONLY IN AMERICA ! : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this !! 
Good Morning Sunshine !!! 
\Go to urbandictionary.com and enter your first name into the search . Copy and paste the 1st entry ( no cheating and picking the one you like ) to your status ... " 
... its a womans world boys , like it or not , men buy the drinks but girls call the shots ... 
cut and colored my hair this weekend . 
live your life in such a way , that when your feet hit the floor in the morning satan shutters and say \oh shit she's awake ! \"" 
been baking < PROPFIRST > treats all day and now its time or bed back to the baking tomorrow night all xoxox 
has the mostest bestest , most wonderful amazing husband and friends in the whole wide world !!!!!! thank you all sooooo very very much for my awesome surprise party ! it was the best party ever ! i had a great time . thank you thank you thank you . i love you all ! you guys ROCK !!!!!!!! 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY !!!!!! 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY !!!! HUGS AND KISSES ALL AROUND !!! 
spent 3 very lond hours at the dentist waiting for my son to get his wisdom teeth pulled , only to have hime decide he wants to be knocked out when it gets done . had to reschedule 
*¨* • ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER ? ( or DAUGHTERS ) ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? Beautiful , Intelligent , Sweet .... 
Do not meddle in the affairs of dragons for you are crunchy and taste good with katsup ! 
ok all my facebook friends , my hubby and his friends have entered a dodgeball tournament as a fundraiser for our sons school now they need a team name . any suggestions ? 
need a dodge ball team name come on people give me something good ! 
is at the park playing on the mood swings !!! 
A Veteran is someone who , at one point in their life , wrote a blank check made payable to The United States of < PROPFEMALE > , for an amount up to , and including their life . That is honor , and there are way too many people in this country today , who no longer understand that fact ! Copy and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom . Thank a Service member !!! 
It might be me but the way i see it the whole wide world has gone crazy , so baby why don't we just dance ? 
TGIF !!! What a crazy week . so glad its over . going to relax this weekend and fuel up for another crazy week next week . 
Over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in California . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your facebook status . We are willing to post colors of our underwear , and places we were born . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our lives ! In the comments name a teacher who has impacted you ! 
had a CT Mylogram today . it sucked soooo bad . worst one i ever had . i am so ill now and everything hurts :( 
Dodgeball Tournament Today !!! GO FISH HEADS !!!! 
The Fish Heads Dominate !!!!! 1st Place in the first annual Ready Springs Dodgeball Tournament !!!!!! you guys ROCK !!!!! 
YAY !!!!! Just got the laptop back . i have missed you my friend ! 
just got home from the ER < PROPMALE > was admitted to the hospital with a possible heart attack . should know more in the morning after a night of tests . sleep well my FB friends 
just got back from seeing < PROPMALE > at the hospital . he is doing much better today . still running more tests . he is having a stress < PROPFEMALE > this afternoon , hopefully if all looks good he be coming home tonight . thanks everyone for your thoughts , prayers and phone calls . 
All is right with my world once again ! < PROPMALE > is home and doing fine . The doctors have confirmed what i have known all along , He has a big , strong heart ! Thank you all for your thoughts and prayers they mean so much . 
HAPPY EASTER !!!!!! 
loves how this one boy can make my whole day simply by looking over and smiling 
Do not meddle in the affairs of Dragons , for you are crunchy and taste good with catsup . 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching 
God bless the freaks !!!! 
If you have a HUSBAND that makes you laugh , that you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , who is your world , and a man that you can thank God every night for . Copy and Paste this to your profile with your anniversary date . June 26 , 1999 . thanks for always being there , i love you baby ! 
Its finally time to say good night , sleep well my fb friends 
i'm goin to be a GRANDMOTHER !!!!!!!! i have been dying to post this for a week . :) 
A successful marraige requires falling in love over and over again , always with the same person . 
women are like tea bags ... you never know how strong she can be until you put her in hot water . 
I am the master of my fate , and the captian of my soul ...... Nelson Mandella 
what a beautiful day ! the sun is shinning , the birds are singing and i am totally and completely in love with the greatest guy in the whole world . what more can a girl ask for ? 
on the kitchen table 
I have changed my job title from housewife to domestic goddess 
Whatever u give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give u a baby . Give her a house , she will give u a home . Give her groceries , she will give u a meal . Give her a smile and she will give u her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if u give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit . Post it on your wall if u agree . 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke as a joke , your house is a mess , you are drunk as a skunk , or your familly is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and NEVER question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one .... true friend 
Parents talk about the \younger generation\ " like they had nothing to do with it " 
off to have a physch eval today ( required for disablity ) so my facebook friends should i not return it has been an honor and a privaledge to have spent this time with you . may you all live long and prosper . xoxox 
I'M BACK !!!!! It would seem that I am not as crazy as everyone has lead me to believe . 
< PROPFEMALE > Union Football here we come ... < PROPFIRST > signed up for freshman football last night . god what a commitment . GO MINERS ! 
If you support POLICE OFFICERS , FIREFIGHTERS\ 
and EMS then please post this on your status and leave it there for at \ 
least one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !! This should \ 
appear in everyone's status !!!! God bless our Firefighters , Police \ 
Officers and EMS !!! 
was born free , but now i'm expensive ... just ask my husband . 
I have lost yet another cell phone . thats it I quit . since i seem to repel technology i see no sense in replacing the stupid thing again 
r Being a NURSE means you < PROPFEMALE > immense responsibility & very little authority .... You step into people's lives and make a difference .... Some bless you , others curse you .... You see people at their worst & best .... You see life begin & end .... You see people's capacity for love , courage , & endurance .... IT'S NURSES APPRECIATION WEEK ..... REPOST IF YOU ARE A NURSE , LOVE A NURSE AND/OR APPRECIATE A NURSE TO BE !!!!! ? 
.. never outsmart your common sense , dont let you praying knees get lazy , and love like crazy ..... lee < PROPMALE > 
What an awesome weekend !!! had a great time hanging out with family in the bay area , but glad to finally be home again with my boys . Happy Mothers day to all you moomies out there . hope your having a great day !!! xoxoxox 
Practice random kindness and senseless acts of beauty 
Right now there is a nurse helping a woman\ 
become a mom , a nurse holding the hand of a dying man , a nurse caring\ 
for a sick child , a nurse listening to an alzheimer's patient tell a\ 
story , a nurse missing their family while caring for yours . In the time\ 
it took to read this nurses all over the world are saving lives . It's\ 
nurse's appreciation week . Repost if you are a nurse , love a nurse or\ 
appreciate a nurse . 
MMMMMM CHOCOLATE !!!!! 
While u SCREAM at your woman , there's a man \ 
wishing he could whisper softly in her ear . While u HUMILIATE , OFFEND \ 
& INSULT her , there's a man wanting to remind her how wonderful she \ 
is . While u HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to\ 
her . While u make your woman CRY there's a man wanting to make her \ 
smile . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence . 
Women and cats will always do as they please , men and dogs should just relax and get used to it 
why is it that a kid i have drag kicking and screaming out of bed , looking like death warmed over for school will fly out of bed on saturday after being up all night , bright eyed and bushy tailed at 5 am to go fishing ..... sone of the great mysteries of life 
SHHHH , listen , can you hear it ? that my friends is the sound of an empty house . thats right ALL the kids are gone and its just me and hubby at home enjoying the peace and quite . Its the little things in life that make it worth living . 
Crap ! my puppy has eaten the cord to < PROPMALE>'s laptop . now i am stuck using the kids computer and the puppy is in the dog house in a big way . This is not good 
If you have a wonderful man that works hard\ 
to take care of you , would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , \ 
who's your best friend that you want to grow old with , & someone\ 
that you're thankful for every night , then post this as your status to\ 
give the good men out there the recognition they deserve , because great\ 
men arefew & far between ..... love you baby ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s girlfriend , Mikahlea and her father < PROPMALE > , were just in a very severe motorcycle accident and had to be life flighted to UC < PROPMALE > Medical Center . Please keep them and thier family in your prayers . 
6AM and i may actualy finally fall asleep i am sssooo freaking tired i could just cry . GOD help the person that wakes me up ! 
Planning 5 blissful kid free days in cabo 
steam cleaning the carpets today . woo hoo doesnt that just sound like one chukle after another . 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the \ 
United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : one \ 
Nation , under GOD , indivisible , With < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST\ 
IF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ! Let's see how \ 
many < PROPFEMALE > ns will repost ? 
Who ever is doing the freakin rain dance , needs to stop NOW ! I am no longer amused . we are a week away from june . enough is enough already . bring on the sun 
Day 5 of having a migraine . someone shoot me please 
wooo hoooo woke up headache free today ! now if only the sun would shine all would be right with the world 
sweet dreams my facebook friends . 
A USA military member is missing their\ 
family while caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this , \ 
military members all over the world are saving lives . It's Military\ 
appreciation week .... Repost if you are in the Military , love a Military\ 
member , hold memories of a Fallen Hero or appreciate the Military . 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would \ 
it say ? ( Copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you \ 
get ) 
Cop asked me if I knew that I was doing 85 in a 65 ? I said , did you\ 
know that you were doing over 85 in a 65 just to catch up to me ? 
what a lovely weekend ! went to my cousins wedding . beautiful bride and groom , receptions was absolutly amazing so much culture and tradition , spent time with family whom i havent seen i waaaay to long . i love you guys so much . and enjoy fantastic weather . now im home with my own little unit enjoying some peace and quiet . does it get any better then this ? 
off to get my new tattoo ... woo hoo 
good night my fb friends see you in the morning 
why does 6 am always come so freaken early ? 
Last day of school , and my baby graduates from the 8th grade . where does the time go ? 
off to graduation . congrats < PROPFIRST > im very proud of you baby ! 
last nights graduation was awesome . thank you to our wonderful family and friends who were here to share taylors special night with him . you guys are the best . 
spending the day on the lake with my wonderful hubby and kids . love you guys !!! 
Say this out loud .. I am we < PROPMALE > did i am sofa \ 
< PROPMALE > we < PROPMALE > did 
What an awesome weekend ! Beautiful weather , bbqing with friends , and a day at the lake . Now hanging out at home with the family watching TV . Life is good . 
It's a BOY !!!! :) 
Father's Day is\ 
approaching : Yellow roses grow in heaven , Lord pick a bunch for me . \ 
Place them in my father's arms and tell him they're from me . Tell him\ 
that I love and miss him . When he turns to smile place a kiss upon his\ 
cheek & hold him for awhile , because remembering him is easy , I\ 
... do ... it every day . There's ... an ache ... in my heart that will\ 
never go away . If your Dad is in Heaven , copy & paste 
HAPPY FATHERS DAY !!!! 
Making jello shots today ... yum 
Made 250 jello shots and birthday cupcakes today . almost ready for camping this weekend ... whew im tired 
That is it ! I have had ENOUGH !!!!! we are getting ready to go camping and it is F**KING RAINING !!!!! 
What a great weekend ! spent time with family and friends camping at the lake . weather was beautiful , water was a bit cold but everyone had a great time . Great way to spend our anniversary . now its time to unload and clean up but i am so glad to be home . 
This weekend my son , < PROPFIRST > says to me ... \Mommy ... Roar !.... that means I Love You in dinosaur . \"" 
Your body is a < PROPFEMALE > , NOT a 7-11 . You decide when its open and who gets to come in . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Love Hewitt 
Silence is < PROPFEMALE > , but duct tape is silver . 
PLEDGE\ 
ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE \ 
REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH\ 
< PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ... REPOST IF YOU THINK GOD , OUR COUNTRY AND\ 
OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ..... LETS SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL REPOST !!!! 
What an incredibly crappy day ! home alone sick . wish i was with family and friends enjoying this beautiful day ! hope everyone is having a good 4th of july . 
Live your life in such a way that when your feet hit the floor in the morning Satan shudders and says \ Oh shit she's awake\ " >:) " 
fairly productive day . st < PROPMALE > ed demolition on the boy's bedroom . It is going to take me at least a week to get to the point of primer before i can paint . kind of hate to paint over some of seans < PROPMALE > work ( not that you can see much of it under all of the posters ) but it must be done 
A\ 
daughter will hold your hand for only a little while , but will hold your\ 
heart for a life time ... It's \Daughter Week\ " - If you have a daughter\ 
the demolition on the boys room is moving right along . makeing better progress then i expected , i actually found the floor the other day . havaent seen that in a while . spent the day sanding and painting a dresser and will be washing the walls in preperation for painting tomorrow . may actually have the whole project done by the end of the weekend . wish me luck ! 
Hmmmm so maybe i'm not as strong ( physically ) as i thought i was . I think i bit off a little more then i can chew , by myself anyway , between sanding , painting and some wall washing i have used muscles that i forgot i had . my arms are killing me , can barely move my left arm . i think I'll take it easy today and maybe ask for help with the painting of the room 
time to kick the boys out of bed so i can get into that room and finish tearing it apart . beds come out today they will be sleeping on the floor for a while 
had a great night . had in and out burgers for dinner and then night slide as sun splash . 
Breakfast in bed today 
Yummy breakfast in bed , now off to get my nails done , then off to see our new nephew , then into Chico to < PROPFEMALE > out with friends . Busy but fun day . hope everyone has a great weekend xoxo 
Awesome , Awesome , Awesome weekend ! In and Out burgers and night slide at sun splash on friday and < PROPFIRST>'s Crab Shack and Laughs Unlimited in Old Sac with amazing friends last night , little bit of shopping today and now i'm at home relaxing with the family . Does it get any better then this ? xox 
My house was clean yesterday , sorry you missed it . 
I'm still hot .. It just comes in flashes now :/ 
I would like mornings much better if they started much later 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are moving out this weekend , Nate and < PROPFIRST > have already moved out and we are down to ONE !!!!!!!! 
The best and most beautiful things in this world can not be seen or even heard , but must be felt with the heart - < PROPFEMALE > Keller 
gonna be a long and busy weekend . helping < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > move tomorrow and playing with the new baby . dinner and dancing with friends tomorrow night , and then helping < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > move some more on sunday . whew i'm tired already . 
had a great night out with friends . now im cuddled in bed with hubby . good times 
If you can't be a good example , you can at least serve as a horrible warning ! :) 
My dear , dear facebook friends , please join me as we bow our heads in silence as we mourn the lose of my favorite pair of shoes . They were great shoes , comfortable and sexy and took me to a lot of really great place , they will be sorely missed 
two rooms painted , furniture ordered for one , waiting for the flooring in the other . kitchen is next 
why do children see a clean house as a challenge to be conqured and destroyed ? 
yep , its official even friday mornings suck . even a caffine IV wont help . its only 8am and i already need a nap . 
what a great weekend !!!! great < PROPFEMALE > with the kids , dinner in discovery bay with my sisters and thier familes and my mom . now at home getting ready to take a nap before i start the clean up process , life is good !!! 
thats it i quit !!! 
A PROMISE TO MY SON AND MY DAUGHTER : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you understand why I do it . Then I will know you are a responsible adult . All because I ... love you ! FYI --- this holds true for my friend's kids too ! 
People will tell you that this kinda love will fade , that being in love like this is only a faze , but baby after all this time aint nothings changed , all you gotta do is look at me that way , and there you go makin me fallin love again ..... kellie pickler 
i have whole house to myself today . no hubby , no kids , no appointments . what will i do with myself ? a day at the spa ? a mani/pedi ? mmm that sounds nice . but no i am going to steam clean my carpets and clean out the fridge and pantry . do i know how to have a good time or what ! hope everyone has a great day ! 
had a very productive and satisfing day . i am totally exaushted . good night facebook . sweet dreams 
ugh ! have a killer head ache . this is going to ruin all my plans for the weekend if i cant get rid of it and it is not looking good . :( 
getting ready to head to sac to < PROPFEMALE > out with our awesome friends . going river rafting tomorrow , woo hoo ! i can hardly wait . ( ive never done it before ) then off to chico on sunday to meet our new nephew . gonna be a great weekend . 
If you have a mom who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong ; copy and paste this to your status . Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! I love you Mom , and always will . 
The only thing that evil needs to succed , it that good men do nothing . 
so kind of a crappy day today . car broke down and of course i didnt have my cell , it was only going to be a quick trip to town what vould go wrong ?, not a payphone to be found , couldnt find a cell phone or jumper cables to borrow , 3 hours and $75.00 later my car if finally at the shop . hope tomorrow my machanic has some fair good news tomorrow 
OMG !!!! who put the crack in my caffine this morning ? i have been on a cleaninf frenzy ALL day , i washed all the walls , base boards , doors and some of the floors in my house i am ready to pass out now . ps i would not mind another shot tomorrow i would like to start painting . 
not feeling as motivated today as i did yesterday . still so much to do this project is not going nearly fast enough for me . 
God bless the freaks ! 
Love Never Fails ! 
God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things i can not change , courage to change the things i can , and the wisdom to know the difference . 
\SIGH \"" 
I loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you more the second\ 
you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You \ 
were only seconds old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I\ 
still would . When you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NATE !!!!! Love you son . hope you have a great day . 
spent the afternoon/evening at the fair today . OMG what was i thinking ? had a great time but i am in sooo much pain now i may never move again 
another day comes to an end . 
so begins another day 
making it an early night . good night facebook 
18 years ago today , at 3:23 AM I was blessed by the birth of my son , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Happy Birthday Darling ! It has truely been an adventure and a joy watching you grow into the person you are today . May all your dreams come true . I love you xoxox 
Just dropped my youngest off for his first day of high school ! \big sigh\ " where does the time go ? " 
Love doesn't make the world go ' round , but it does make the ride worth while . 
20 years ago today at 9:12 AM I was blessed with a beautiful baby girl . I wish for her today and always all the joy and happiness her heart can hold . Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I have stood when standing wasn't easy , and i have found something worth while , something to believe in . 
Pyshco but cute , so it all evens out 
Off to the hospital to be with Nate when is son is born . Happy Day !!!!! 
Happy Birthday to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Pettyjohn who finally made an apperance at 815ish this evening . Congratulations to Mom and Dad ( < PROPFEMALE > and nate ) more info and pics to follow 
The most precious jewells you will ever have around your neck are the arms of your children 
Well behaved women rarely make history 
Live life in such a way that when your feet hit the floor in the morning Satan shudders and says \Oh shit she's awake \"" 
Joined the gym today ... look out skinny jeans here I come ! 
BROTHERS WEEK ... If you have a brother who has made you laugh ... Pulled your\ 
hair ... stuck up for you ... drove you crazy ... hugged you ... watched you\ 
succeed ... saw you fall ... picked you back up ... cheered you on ... made you\ 
strong ... can't do without ... Copy and paste this to your status . 
spent the day in the ER today , oh what fun . 
I'm in shape ... round is a shape 
Please say a special prayer tonight for my cousin , < PROPFEMALE > and her husband < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > goes into surgery tonight for a heart transplant . please also say a prayer for the family who lost a loved one so that < PROPMALE > could get his new heart we are forever in thier debt . 
So pleased to announce that < PROPMALE > made it thru surgery with flying colors and his new heart is working great . thanks for all the love and prayers i know they were heard and answered 
Women are tempermental ... 90% temper and 10% mental 
The sexiest thing a woman can wear is confidence !! 
Cows make the perfect noise ....... it starts with a mmmmm and ends with an oooooo :) 
A woman without curves is like a road without corners . you get where your going quickly , but its boring as hell 
The reason its called PMS is because mad cow disease was already taken . 
To all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , \ 
salon cuts for ponytails , long baths for quick showers , late nights for \ 
early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags , and wouldn't change a \ 
thing . Lets see how many moms repost this . Moms who don't care what they\ 
... gave up , but love what they get in return . Re ... -post this if you're a mom\ 
and love your children !! 
2 blissful nights of wonderful sleep come to a skreetching halt . welcome back insomnia . i guess i'll get up and do some laundry and clean the bathroom . might as well be productive if i'm not going to sleep . thank god i will be knocked out most of the day friday . catch up on my sleep then . 
Sorry I missed church . I was busy practicing witch craft and becoming a lesbian :) 
I'm still hot ... It just comes in flashes now . :/ 
Do not meddle in the affairs of dragons , for you are crunchy and taste good with catsup 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , \ 
24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett\ 
27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPFIRST > Johnson\ 
21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , and\ 
... < PROPMALE > Tate 27 are all Marines that gave their lives this week , no\ 
media mention at all . Honor THEM by reposting ! 
One sagging breast says to the other sagging breast \ If we don't get some support around here soon people are going to think we're nuts \"" 
Psycho , but cute ... so it all evens out :) 
clothes should be tight enough to show your a woman , and loose enough to show that you are a lady 
save the < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE>'s!!!!! October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month . 
Spent 5 wonder days with my mom . we had such a nice visit i was so sorry to see her leave this morning . wish we lived closer . 
Give a girl the right pair of shoes and she can conqure the world ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Here's to parents who aren't \inconvenienced\ " by their children . Who \ 
Of all the joys of Womanhood , the greatest is being a Mother . 
What an awesome day ! Went to watch my very handsome 5yr old nephew run his very first motor cross race ! it was amazing , he was amazing ! and the Raiders won !!!! Great day all around 
Went to town to run errands and the bank is closed , DMV , closed , post office , closed , then i forgot to go to the store uuggghhh feel like i wasted a whole day . heres hoping tomorrow is better . 
I don't have gray hair . I have stress highlights . :) 
OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT- The government announced today that it is changing its emblem from an Eagle to a CONDOM because it more accurately reflects the government's polital stance . A condom allows for inflation , halts production , destroys the next generation , protects a bunch of pricks , and gives you a sense of secruity while you are actually being screwed . 
Save the TaTa's- ? Big ( • )( • ) Small (.) (.) Fake (+) (+) Perfect ( o)(o ) Perky (*)(*) Cold (^) (^) and even Grandmas \\o/ \\o/ Save them all !! ** REPOST ** for Breast Cancer Awareness ! ? -Save the TaTa's- ? 
I am fairly certian , given a cape and a cute < PROPFEMALE > , that I .. could save the world ! :) 
ITS MOMMY WEEK POST THIS AND THE DATE AND TIME YOU FIRST BECAME A MOMMY , ----- August 19 , 1990 9:13 am 
It is said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they spoke just yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live . And , they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will ...... always love them .. Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends !! 
.. ' theres only to people who's ever died for me , they laid down thier lives just so i could be free , they both went thru hell and both got back up again after they feel , they never pick the fight , but they're there to pick up the pieces god only knows we'd be without SOILDERS and JESUS .... to me they're heros for the paths that they chose ... one fights for my life , one fights for my soul .... ' < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
15 Years ago today I was bless with beautiful and perfect baby boy , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Lucich . Happy Birthday Tater Tot !!! Love You Oranges , Apples and Trees . xoxo 
Had an epidual taday , i am now completely drugged up and can not be held responsilbe for anything i say or do for the next 24 hours . :) 
I have carried a human life inside my body . I have comforted a baby on my chest . I have been poked , peed & pooped on . I've woken up to a hungry baby & stayed up all night with a sick baby , but I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror , I see a MOM , & there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a MOM 
Don't want to be without money- That's for sure ! This year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , ... ... will be without money . I cannot let that person be me . ...... 
Had such an awesome day yesterday . Great baby shower for < PROPFIRST > at Auntie < PROPFEMALE>'s house . she always has such amazing parties . surrounded by wonderful family and friends . It doesn't get any better then this . Thank you so much to everyone who shared this day with us your love and support mean so much . xoxox 
A politician sees his family everyday ; a deployed soldier once in 6 months . A politician flies 1st class ; a soldier flies in a C130 . A politician's pension is not reduced ; a soldier's is clawed 65% . A politician enjoys an expense account ; a soldier must justify extra ... rations . A politician ... vows to defend their country ; a soldier ... actually keeps that promise . \REPOST IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS \"" 
put this as your status if you know someone , or are related to\ 
someone , who has been eaten by Dragons . My wish for 2011 is that people\ 
will understand that being eaten by Dragons is serious business and\ 
isn't something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are\ 
... truly ... terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this as they\ 
have ... already been eaten ... by Dragons . 
I'm\ 
UN-APOLOGETICALLY AMERICAN ! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the \ 
United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , ONE \ 
nation under GOD , INDIVISIBLE , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all ! We \ 
used to recite this every morning in school , but no longer do this for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE ! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will \ 
re-post this and not care about offending someone ! LOVE IT OR LEAVE 
It's\ 
BROTHER'S WEEK .... If you have a brother who has made you laugh , \ 
punched you , stuck up for you , drove you CRAZY , hugged you , watched you \ 
succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you \ 
strong , someone you can't do without , copy and paste this to your \ 
... status 
< PROPFEMALE > was framed !!! 
I'm didn't lose my curves . They just got rounder . ;) 
Halloween marathon today !!! WOO HOO !!! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!!!!! 
Mornings come way to early . Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Have a freaking Headache , AGAIN ! 
its only 830 and im ready to call it a day and go back to bed . got home from taking < PROPFIRST > to school and the dogs have killed something in the living room . i have no idea what it is or where it came from but there is white stuffing all over the floor , they ate my glasses , my ribbon , and balloons for this weekends baby shower . 
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass . Its about learning to dance in the rain . 
Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity and sympathy does not help , but we can ... raise awareness 
Whatever\ 
you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will \ 
give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her \ 
groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile , she will give you\ 
her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if \ 
... you ... give her crap , be prepared to receive a ton of shit ! Post on your \ 
wall if you agree 
Baby Shower today , woo hoo ! 
Awesome baby shower today . Thanks to everyone who was here to share this day with us . your love and support means so much to us . xoxo 
Did everyone remember to turn your clocks back ? Got to love the extra hour . 
Happy Monday Peeps ! 
What the hell were the Titans thinking when they picked up a douche bag like < PROPFIRST > Moss !? 
MILITARY APPRECIATION WEEK : A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . Re-post if you are in the military , love a military member , a veteran , or appreciate our troops 
EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANTED YOU THERE ! I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS , BUT ALSO AS FAMILY . LET'S SEE WHO ON MY FRIENDS LIST ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY & PASTE THIS AS YOUR STATUS . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOu 
MILITARY APPRECIATION WEEK : A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . Re-post if you are ... in the military , love a military member , a veteran , or appreciate our troops 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste ... this as your status if you are a Veteran , know a Veteran , or Love a Veteran 
had a fabulous wonderful weekend in Big Basin with my family . Cant wait to do it again . 
Experience wildlife , raise teenagers 
Do any of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours ... 
My angel wings are in the shop being re-glittered today , thank goodness my broom is ready and good to go :) 
When\ 
doing your Christmas cards this year , take one card and send it to this\ 
address . Think of how many cards these wonderful people who have \ 
sacrificed so much would get . When making your card list this year , \ 
please include : A Recovering American Soldier c/o < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Army \ 
... Medical Center , 6900 < PROPFEMALE > Avenue NW , Washington , D.C. 20307-5001 . If \ 
you approve , please repost =) 
beer 
beer ( with absolut ) 
had a great night ! dinner in town with our very wonderful friends . good food , good conversation and a killer snow storm . very awesome . 
we are GO for BABY !!!! 
well at 9 am < PROPFIRST > was dialated to 2 cm 12 hours later , after 8 hours of pitocin , she was still at 2cm . so the doctor has stopped the pitocin for the night so she can get some rest . th rest of us have gone home to get some rest of our own , we will try again tomorrow . thanks to everyne for all the well wishes and support . hopefully tomorrow we will have more exciting news . keeping our fingers crossed . xoxox :) 
Once upon a time , i thought that i had already experienced the greatest days of my life , Today I was proven how wrong i was . Welcome to the world Brayden < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Cox . He arrived at 6:56 pm weighing 7 lbs 6 oz and 20 3/4 in long . Mom , Dad and baby are doing beautifully . He is of course the most beautiful baby ever born . thank you for sharing this perfect day with us . we love you all ! 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and Brayden came home from the hospital today . mom and baby are doing well and everyone is happy to be home 
hi everyone ! i just entered Brayden in gap kids cutest baby contest ! please follow this link to vote for him . Thanks !!! :) http://gapc-vote.com/?p=2705153 
Home made turkey soup for dinner ! Yummm 
Happy Monday !!!! 
24 shopping days left ' till christmas :) 
HAPPY HANUKKAH ! 23 shopping days left ' till Christmas ! 
Happy Friday everyone ! HAPPY HANUKKAH !!!! 21 shopping days left ' till Christmas ! 
HAPPY HAUNKKAH !! 20 Shopping Days left ' til Christmas !!!! 
HAPPY HANUKKAH !!! 19 Shopping days left ' til Christmas ! 
High maintenence , psycho bitch , drama < PROPFEMALE > with issues :) 
Happy Hanukkah ! 18 shopping days left ' til Christmas ! 
High maintanence , pyscho bitch , drama < PROPFEMALE > with issues :) 
PMS ... It's like the Force .. only different . 
Happy Hanukkah ! 16 Shopping Days left ' til Christmas !!!! 
Happy Hanukkah !!! 15 shopping days let ' till Christmas ! 
14 shopping days ' til Christmas !! 
13 Shopping Days ' til Christmas !!!! 
12 Shopping Days ' til Christmas !!! 
11 Shoppiing Days ' til Christmas !!!! 
10 Shopping Days left ' til Christmas !!!! 
9 Shopping Days ' til Christmas !!! ( sorry < PROPFEMALE > it has to be done :)) 
Here's to parents who aren't inconvenienced by their children , who don't view it as being stuck at home with the baby when they can't go out at night , who value time with their children , who don't pawn their kids off as often as they can with whomever will take them . Who accept responsibility .. and don't walk away from family . Here's to parents who enjoy being parents . Repost if you are a proud parent ... I AM 
8 Shopping Days ' til Christmas !!!!! 
7 Shopping Days ' til Christmas !!! 
6 Shopping Days ' till Christmas !!!! 
5 Shopping Days ' til Christmas !!!! 
I smile because you have all finally driven me insaine :) 
4 Shopping Days ' till Christmas !!!! 
3 Shopping Days ' til Christmas !!! 
2 Shopping Days ' til Christmas !!! 
resentment is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night !!! 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > L . Burke 11/28/71 - 12/25/10 May the lord bless and keep you and your family close to his heart . You will be missed . 
going to be spending new years < PROPFEMALE > with the love of my life !!!! i cant wait ! :) 
nap time ! 
making some yummy banana nut bread and some pumpkin bread 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l |^^^^^^^^^^|\ 
( ? #### Happy New Year 2011 #### ? |” \”; .. 
well we are off to a fabulous start today :| the dogs have eaten a whole bottle of my hormone pills , hope it doesnt make the too sick , and they have also eaten my address book , which i now need to update , so would everyone please message me all of your info phone # , address , bday , anniversary , and emails thanks and have a great day . HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!! 
Let's see how creative my FB friends n ' family are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's no fun 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised !! Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first !!!! 1% will re-post and 99% of the people on Facebook won't have the spine or guts to re-post this ! I KNOW I'm the 1% , what about you ? 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & not care about offending someone ! GOD BLESS < PROPFEMALE > 
I loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . I loved you the minute you were born ; then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around ... outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life . 
it is sooo Freaking COLD !!!!!! 
Finally thawing out i can almost feel my toes again . the sun is out but still so damn cold out there . 
? HUSBAND WEEK ? If you have a husband who is your best friend , works hard for you , has been with you through thick and thin , loves you when you're at your highest & your worst , and to whom you are PROUD to be married , re-post wIth your wedding date ? 6-26-99 
Why do they sell bras at Walmart ? I seem to be the only person wearing one when I'm in the store ! 
Happy Friday !!!! Hope everyone has a great 3 day weekend 
< PROPFIRST > is officially a High School Graduate !!!! CONGRATULATIONS BABY !!!!! I am so PROUD of you !!!! 
OMG !!!! I am exhausted ! I have forgotten what its like to have an infant in the house . He slept great , but of course he would because he is perfect in every way ( im just a wee bit biased ) I on the other hand woke up every time he moved . Clearly having him sleep in bed with me is not a great idea . but i just love him sooo much ! 
NAP TIME !!!!! :) 
It's daughter's week !! If you have a beautiful daughter that you love more than you can describe ; copy and paste this to your wall . Your daughter will hold your hand for a little while ; but will hold your heart for a lifetime ?.. 
it is with great sadness that i must say that my dear friend , the laptop is ill . it is being taken to a specialist who can hopefully cure what ever ails it and soon . in the mean time i am forced to use my sons computer . it , like me is old and slow and insanely unreliable these days . please offer up prayers for the quick and cheap recovery of my precious laptop . thank you . :( 
I cant stand it any longer ! Taylors room is FREAKING me out . if im going to be forced to spend time in here until my computer is fixed im going to have to clean , sanitize and fumigate this room ! UGH 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours 
YOUR SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . ITS SON WEEK .. IF YOU HAVE A SON WHO MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND , AND IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS :) 
Real friendship is kinda like peeing your pants , everyone can see it , but only you can feel its true warmth :) 
I am amazed , and in awe , of the wondrous , and the miraculous power of Duct Tape . WOW ! 
is a zombie today , and not one of the awesome < PROPFEMALE > of the dead ones either ... More like a night of the living dead one ... All slow and retarded 
A normal person has 1,000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please post 
got a hair cut yesterday , its gonna tale some getting used to but i think i like it . 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & not give a rats ass about offending someone ! 
if Snow White was so sweet and innocent why was she living alone with 7 little men who all shouted \HI HO ! \ " at her ? " 
I take you to be my lawful wedded fb < PROPMALE > , to have and harass , in < PROPMALE > quotes and nasty jokes , till lost Internet connection do us part :P xx 
Spent the day with Brayden , i love that little guy < PROPFEMALE > o much . He is < PROPFEMALE > good . Papa ( < PROPMALE > ) is taking him home and then coming back and fixing dinner . Life is good ! :) 
Smile and nod 
Redneck word of the day ... Disguise ... They ain't a cloud in disguise today !! 
mmmm cornbeef , baby red potatos , and sauted asparagus for diinner . now red < PROPFEMALE > cake with cream cheese frosting and snuggling on the couch . 
is feeling fan-freaking-tastic ! Could be because it's Friday . Could be because she's hopped up on Vicodin . Either way ... WOO HOO !! 
Since a lot of us will post just about anything on Facebook for all to know what is going on in our lives , I wanted to let you know , I have the hiccups . 
It takes years to gain dignity and respect , but only 2 or 3 Margaritas and a night out with the girls , to throw it all away !!! :) 
Redneck word of the day - Coffee : My granddad's got a cold , and every time he tries to coffee wets his pants . 
It's the Veteran not the reporter who has given us the freedom of the press . \ 
It's the Veteran not the poet who has given us the freedom of speech . \ 
It's the Veteran not the community organizer who gives us the freedom to demonstrate . ' \ 
It's the Military who salutes the flag , The Military who serves beneath the flag and it is our Military Brothers & Sisters whose coffin is draped by the flag . \ 
Support Our Troops 
I'm pretty sure the only reason I got out of bed this morning was because I had to pee . 
My nose is stuffed up , sore throat , and my head feels like it's gonna explode , Will someone please shoot me ? I'll love you forever ... I promise ... 
Would like to know if the keyboard feels any pain when it's poked in the I 
getting an epidural today ! woohoo gonna be a most excellent day ! :) 
If your dad was a hard working man and was your hero , helped you NO MATTER how bad you were or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one D ... ad\ 
I LOVE YOU DADDY !!!!! 
To celebrate Valentines Day , change your profile picture to you and your sweetheart together . Re-post , and make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Together for 17 years married for 11 :) 
found her < PROPMALE > in wrinkled tin foil , who slayed the paper machete dragon , and carried her off to his magical kingdom to live happily ever after 
watching my favorite movie of all time .. \The Wizard of Oz \"" 
magical is the moment when two hearts connect so perfectly that a lifetime of love can be experienced in a single kiss . 
?? To celebrate Valentines day change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other and make sure you tell how long you have been together !! \ 
17 wonderful years 
A real man makes everyday feel like < PROPFIRST>'s day <3 
The best sentence ever spoken- \I love you mom \"" 
It's Friday !! Yea ! Oh sorry , I was just practicing ! 
A pharmaceutical truck was robbed today , all of the Viagra was stolen , the police have asked the public to be on the lookout for a group of hardened criminals 
do you ever get the urge to give your sleeping spouse a wet < PROPMALE > ?! 
Finally home YAY !!!! Had a great weekend in the Bay Area with family , so glad to be home tho . I really need a nap . :) 
Please explain to me why young men and women who serve in the U.S. Military for 20 years , risking their lives protecting freedom , only get 50% of their base pay . While politicians , who hold their political positions in the safe confines of the capital , protected by these same men and women , receive full pay retirement after serving 1 term ! Re-post if you believe this is absolutely WRONG ! and a < PROPMALE > problem ! 
Tomorrow is my Birthday ( YAY ! ) and I have Jury Duty ( BOO ) 
... was established on this day in 1970 . \ 
As of today , i'm older then i have ever been . 
Thank You all so much for the wonderful Birthday Wishes !!! 
Good Night to all of my wonderful facebook friends . Thanks again for the Birthday wishes you have made my day !!!! 
is home alone and totally unsupervised 
*•.¸¸¸.•* ¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? \ 
Women are born angels . And when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly .. on a broomstick . Be warned . We are flexible like that . Keep posting this girls ! \ 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • 
You’ve heard about them in the news , maybe seen them in an airport or sat next to one of them on a flight . You might be a family member , neighbor , co-worker or friend with one of them . Who are they ? They are our nation’s warriors , the men and women in our Armed Forces , individuals who make extraordinary sacrifices for our ... national interests . They are awesome ! 
banana 
My mom made me laugh ... Wiped my tears ... Hugged me tight ... Watched me succeed ... Saw me fall ... Cheered me on ... Kept me going strong .... And ... Drove me a little crazy at times ... But Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever !... Put this on your status if you have or had a wonderful mom you love !! 
For the rest of February please change your profile image to your dog , cat or favorite animal . The object ? Not to see a human face on fb until Feb . 28 . This is a campaign to raise awareness against the cruelty of animals . Please copy and paste to your profile < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you ! Be the voice of those who do not have a voice . 
{{{ WOooooO-Saaaaaaah }}} 
so what happened to this crazy strom that everyone was so worried about this weekend ? brief period ( about an hour ) of snow , then rain , sun came out melted everything . today sunshine and not a cloud in the sky . have to same im kinda bummed 
energize < PROPFEMALE > arrested !!! charged with battery !! 
Monday has been canceled please return to your bed ! 
How many of you are willing to admit to making sure your arms or legs don't < PROPFEMALE > over the edge just in case something scary is lurking underneath the bed ... 
hasn't been up long enough to know what she is today . Stay tuned for further details as they develop .. 
Dear those driving the speed limit , I commend you for your upright lawfulness , but please get the hell out of my way . Sincerely , speedy Gonzales . 
mother nature is clearly bi polar and off her meds ! 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will make a baby . Give her a house , she will make a home . Give her groceries , she will make a meal . Give her a smile and she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges whatever she is given .... So if you give her crap , prepare to receive a TON of shit in return . Hope to see every girl on my friends list re-post this !! 
So let me get this straight ... ... < PROPFEMALE > Grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can be on divorce #9 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE , 53% of Americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses . Yet , same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Re-post if you find this ironic . 
Let's drink now and make bad decisions later !!! 
mmmm making cinnamon biscut peach cobbler for breakfast yummmm 
shit balls !!! I lost the remote ! now what ? 
Still havent found the remote i lost last night , but i have lost the remote for the upstairs tv . I am now convinced that the leprechans have stolen them 
thinks the food channel is just porn for dieter's ! 
My eyes may be open today , but don't let it fool you , my brain is still catching up on the sleep it missed last night !! 
An OLD man once said There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of LIFE , getting back up is LIVING ~ Re-post if you agree 
is home alone and totally unsupervised , lol 
Breaking News : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On and crashed into We All Have Problems before coming to a complete stop at Get Over It . Any complaints about how we operate can be forwarded to 1-800- wha-aaah with Dr. Snivel . Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bellyachin ' ........ If you like this repost to your status ... Im not having a bad day ... just thought it was cute ...? 
would like a redo for this day :/ 
I'm not short , I'm Leprachaun size :) 
The US Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right under the First Amendment to protest at military funerals . I invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your First Amendment is better than my Second Amendment ... Repost if you feel the same . 
is out of order 
. ah Facebook ... I would love to tell you what's on my mind , but then , tongues would wag , jaws would drop & minds would reel ... 
The Girl you just called fat , has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid , He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly , She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped , He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying ! 
I'm not shy . I'm holding back so my awesomeness doesn't intimidate you . :) 
Ever have one of those days when you wake up feeling about as useful as a white crayon ? 
If I had known grandchildren were going to be so much fun , I would have had them first and let them deal with their parents for me . 
Q : what do Irishmen sit on outside ? \ 
A : Paddy O ' Furniture :) 
Q : Where does green beer come from ? \ 
A : Who cares as long as it keeps coming !.. :) 
Q : Do you know how the < PROPFEMALE > Jig was invented ? \ 
A : To much beer ( as if there is any such thing ) and not enough bathrooms ! :) 
KISS ME I'M < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!! ;P 
Traditional 7 course < PROPFEMALE > meal for dinner tonight ... 6 pack of beer and a potato yuummmm ... lol hope everyone had a great St. Paddys Day !!! xoxox 
Who ever put good and morning together needs to be slapped :/ 
5 DEADLY TERMS USED BY A WOMAN . ( 1)-FINE- this is the word women use to end an argument when they know they are RIGHT and YOU need to SHUT UP . ( 2)-NOTHING - means SOMETHING and u need to be WARY . ( 3)-GO AHEAD - this is a dare not permission DO NOT DO IT . ( 4)-WHATEVER - is a woman way of saying F**K YOU . ( 5)-THAT'S OK - she is thinking long and hard on HOW and WHEN you will pay for your mistake . Re-post haha !! 
when are they gonna name a hurricane after me ? 
*¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? Women are angels . And when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly .. on a broomstick !!!! Be warned . We are flexible like that . Keep posting this girls ! ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* 
is sitting cozily by the window and watching the rain pouring outside .. now shouldn't the Cat-in-the-Hat be showing up by now :) 
Is it good witches or bad witches that melt when getting wet ? I've got garbage to take out its ' raining here . 
As a result of the crisis in the economy , the sun was laid off and replaced with pouring rain 
I'm in a mood ... even the sofa looked at me wrong 
I want it to rain Chocolate :) 
Lovely weather we are having today , even the dog looked at me like what the hell lady I'm not going out in that ! 
Somebody better call < PROPMALE > because we're going to need that ark ! 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you think 
if history repeats its self I'm totally getting a dinosaur ! 
I'm a little < PROPFIRST > of sunshine in a dark and dismal world . Quit laughing ! I really am ! 
is currently under repair . This process should be completed in 6-8 hrs . Leave a message at the front desk and we'll get back to you ASAP . 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( In honor of our military , wherever they may be . ) - Hmm ... Let's see who gets it and follows the instructions 
OMG !!!!! I am soooo sick ! someone PLEASE shoot me 
needs to call the zoo and tell them to come get their beasts ! i swear i have a porcupine in my throat , a woodpecker in my head , and an elephant on my chest !! 
woke up feeling almost human this morning , there may be light at the end of this sick tunnel after all . Happy Monday hope everyone has a great week xoxox 
Words from a Soldier : I took a job knowing I would never get < PROPMALE > . I've missed out on many holidays & spent them working . I may have to lay down my life or take one . My life expectancy is shorter than yours because of the stress . But yet you think I'm overpaid & and you won't pay me because you can't work together to keep our govt running but yet you will pay yourself ?? SHAMEFUL ! Post if you support our MILITARY 
I trust that you have thought of something completely illegal for us to do this weekend . 
Dear Congress , Last year I mismanaged my funds and this year my spouse and I cannot decide on a budget . Until we have come to a unified decision that fits all of our needs and interests , we will have to shut down our checkbook and will no longer be able to pay our taxes . I'm sure you'll understand . Thank you very much for setting an example we can all follow . Re-post if you agree . 
HEADS UP FB friends , Some applications are sending not too nice messages under YOUR identity . If you don't want to get in trouble with your friends , copy paste this message ! And if you receive a nasty message from ME , rest assured I'm NOT the one who sent it . Most come from a post saying xx answered a question about you . DONT GO TO THE SITE ! Re-post this to your status to let others know !!! Hackers are at it again 
OMG !!!!!!! You have to be a certian age and take a test to drive a car , you must also be of an age to vote , drink and to fight and die for your country , but ANY f***ing idiot can reproduce and it is always the ones that shouldnt that do it the most . I have seen ally cats with better parenting skills the some people i know !!!! 
is singing .. so long farewell auf wiedersehen goodbyee ... the sun .. has gone ... to bed and so must I .,, 
It's a LOL kinda day at my house - Lots of Laundry ! 
If you have a wonderful man who helps balance your whole world , who isn't perfect but is perfect for you , who works hard , would do anything for you , makes you laugh and drives you crazy , is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you are thankful for everyday , and who you couldn't live without , brag about him a little and post this as your status ? I love you < PROPMALE > ! 
has decided ... I'd rather be a < PROPFEMALE > than the Queen . \ 
The < PROPFEMALE > has responsibilities , A < PROPFEMALE > just has to be worshiped\ 
( all the perks , no responsibility ) 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l |^^^^^^^^^^| |P\ 
| ** SHOW SUPPORT FOR OUR MILITARY ** ||” \”; .. 
WARNING PLEASE READ - I don't usually post these but ... If someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance in your front yard with your arms in the air , DO NOT do this , it is a scam , they just want to see you naked . Please copy and paste this to your status -- I wish I had received this yesterday , I feel so stupid now ! 
As if Mondays didn't suck enough , I had to say goodbye to < PROPMALE > this morning . He will be working out of town for a while . My heart is breaking . :( 
SO . FREAKING . TIRED . WANT . TO . SLEEP . CANT . ALL . ALONE . SCARED . OF . THE . DARK . MUST . STAY . AWAKE . SO . MONSTER . UNDER . BED . DOESN'T . GET . ME . BOOGYMAN . LOCKED . IN . CLOSET . SIGNING . OFF . NOW . SLEEP . WELL . MY . FB . PEEPS . 
gonna sleep great tonight , < PROPMALE > is home !! we will all go to the bay area together tomorrow . taking Brayden to his great Grammy's house ! :) 
I loved you the minute I heard you were coming . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still will . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have child/children you love more than life 
Had a great time with my family in the bay area . so glad to be home and in my own bed . hope everyone had a fantastic week . :) xoxox 
Happy Easter my Peeps ! :) 
4 am comes way to early :( 
Family isn't always blood . \ 
It's the people in your life who want you in theirs ;\ 
the ones who accept you for who you are . \ 
The ones who would do anything to see you smile , \ 
and who love you no matter what .?? \ 
~ Re-post if you have at least one person like this in your life 
Let the shenanigans begin ! 
It's Friday !! Yea !..... sorry , I was just practicing ! 
Women do not burp , snore , fart or sweat . there fore we must bitch or we will explode ! LOL 
Ok , let's see who truly reads my status ! You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? NOTE : if you comment , you MUST copy & paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . ( 4 words is harder than you think ! ) 
is feeling fan-freaking-tastic ! Could be because it's Friday . Could be because she's hopped up on morphine . Either way ... WOO HOO !! 
< PROPMALE > comes home today ! YAY for me !!!!!! :) 
< PROPMALE > is home , all is right in my world again :) 
Hello and welcome to Monday ! Please keep all arms , legs and heads in the week till it comes to a complete and full stop on Friday . Thank you and enjoy your week 
please , be Friday , please be Friday !!! Are you serious its only Tuesday ?? 
In honor of Mother's Day I'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to your Mom and keep it there until May 9th . If you like this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB ... 
tonight at my favorite watering hole I think I'll order myself the newest drink , it's call the BinLaden : 2 shots and a splash of water ! 
Now I lay me down to sleep ... one less terrorist this world does keep ... with all my heart I give my thanks ... to those in uniform regardless of ranks ... you serve our country and serve it well ... with humble hearts your stories tell ... so as I rest my weary eyes ... while freedom rings our flag still flies ... you give your all , do what you must ... with God we live and God we trust .... Amen - Re-post this if you agree ! 
happy Cinco Dr Mayo !!!! 
there truelly is no rest for the wicked 
Nighty Night 
In honor of mothers day ... if you are a proud mommy re-post with the name , birth date , and birth weight of your child/children . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Lucich 8-19-1990 , 7 lbs 6 oz 20 in , \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Lucich 8-16-1992 , 6 lbs 13 oz 20 in\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Lucich 10-21-95 , 7 lbs 13 oz 19 in\ 
Brayden < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Cox 11-24-10 , 7 lbs 6 oz 20 in ( grandson ) 
