Is it possible to have swine flu a ( an illness not a hereditary disease ) run in your family .. in two weeks or less i believe my sister who lives in MO had it and now my mom who lives in MI has it .. i swear i better not get that shit the week of my birthday ... 

Thank you everyone for the Happy Birthdays on Wednesday ... It was a good one and hopefully this weekend is just as good ... 
Happy new year everyone . Best holiday ever ! All day football !!! Yay !! 
So now the only big 10 bowl game win is by Iowa that sucks yet on a plus note < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > will announce the firing of one the biggest disgraces to Uofm soon ! 
So how bad is it that the Big 10 conference goes 1-6 in bowl games but the freaking Detroit Lions can win 4 games in row ?? Seriously ??? Lol 
Corretion to the previous statement . Big 10 went 1-7 in bowl games 
Happy Easter !! 
Thunderstorm !!!! Hellz yea !!!! Sorry < PROPFIRST > , i know you hate them 
Rainy day plus no work equals doing absolutely nothing ! Wow i'm thrilled for to an incredibly boring day filled with silence . 
Seeing a bumper sticker that says \Out of a job yet ? Keep buying foriegn\ " isn't very unusal . However seeing it on a Toyota is . What is wrong with people ? " 
I just want to know what would possess him to do that ? I mean seriously he does realize he isn't really MJ right ? MJ got off however I'm think < PROPMALE > will not . 
If the homosapiens were in fact HOMOsapiens . Is that why they're extinct ? 
Broadcast Booth for some well needed fun on this horrible weekend 
How can you fight for something , when you know everyone else is fighting against you ? 
Nightmare on Elm Street 
So many things have happened in the past 6 years it's hard to believe that i can still remember like it was yesterday . R.I.P KMT . 
I love thunderstorms but i absolutely hate the rain . 
Love getting screamed at for something i have no control over . 
Haven't watched SNL since the Will Ferrel < PROPFIRST > Kattan days . But i wouldn't miss < PROPFEMALE > White for anything . Only a few more hours !! 
Had a great time this weekend , sad that it has come to an end . So nice to see old friends who have grown into family . 
Tried to avoid watching Grey's tonight so it doesn't end yet . However all of you posting how good it was aren't making it easy on me to hold out . 
Too many things going on in my head . I just want to run away from it all . I can't figure out which to handle or deal with first . 
Stupid comcast and their incredibly long waits . And stupid knee being messed up . Not having fun today . 
Haha lovin ' the Kwame song on WYCD !!! 
Gotta love a good thunder storm !! 
Just took a benadryl so more than likely i will be passing out shortly . 
Thank you for being a friend . R.I.P. Rue Mclanahan . Anything happens to < PROPFEMALE > White and the world would be over . 
Everybody's looking for that something , one thing that makes it all complete . 
Sometimes i wish my life was like a disney movie . The dark and gloomy part is only temporary and there is a guaranteed happy ending . 
Definitely had a lot more fun last night than I expected too . However i woke up a lot earlier than I wanted to 
I seriously hate finally getting the guts to kill a huge spider and then i miss it's lost and i'm paranoid all night . 
I watch the stars from my window sill , the whole world is moving and i'm standing still 
There are few things that i enjoy waking me up in the middle of the night . I gotta say a nice thunderstorm is definitely one of them . 
\This man is dead . Yesss . How long has he been dead ? Since he died . \ " Who says that ?? " 
Earthquakes AND tornadoes in one day ?!?!? FINALLY some great weather up in MI . Lol 
So freaking glad that today is my last day of work crap . Downside not making any money for that 6 weeks either 
It's finally here . No more pain ! Well soon to be no more . Let's hope i bounce back fast . 
Pain meds from the hospital were definitely the reason that i didn't feel a whole lot yesterday . Today OMG !! Talk about feeling the pain . 
Icing my knee and then going to sleep . Not much else to do . Life is so much easier when you are sleeping . 
Think i might go sit outside in the sun and read a book . Not much else to do . 
Yes everyone i know i've been hacked . Already changed my password . So please if it doesn't sound like me in a wall post then just delete it . 
All that i'm after is a life full of laughter 
Good news stitches are out . Bad news i'm more restricted now than i was before . Honestly i'd rather slip in the shower again and have my back screwed up . : ( 
Nice and cool outside . Rapid flashes of lightning and rumbles of thunder . Now this is what i call a nice summer night . 
Wow . Trying to get some sleep . Gotta say won't be easy . Can't get my head cleared long enough to close my eyes . 
Not gonna lie watched Deadliest Catch with my mom and bawled my eyes out . 
Seriously ? 63 more day . I have to wait 63 more freaking days . So not freaking cool . 
Headed to a pigbq with some friends ! Only 61 more days !! 
Miss her kiss her love her .. That girl is poison !! Haha so old school 
I've been so bored lately that the most interesting thing i can share is that i watched a baby bird try to fly and i saw a cloud shaped like tigger . 
22 years ago today a great man passed . I just wish I could have known you . R.I.P. Papa we miss you . 
After watching that movie mom and i both agree that we want to be buried with cell phones . Talk about messed up . 
Frustration , boredom , and pent uo aggression . Taking it all out the best way I know how . Let's just hope I remember how . 
You know you're addicted when Bejeweled won't load on the computer and you are seriously trying to figure out what else you could do for the night . Needless to say that now I have nothing to do . 
6 more days til UofM football and 24 more days until my favorite show comes back . God I love the fall ! 
Really ABC ! You couldn't find a more relevant celebrity than < PROPFIRST > \The Situation\ " ? Seriously there are so many better celebs that could dance with the stars . " 
Fall is the best season ever ! Thank god for football season !! Let's Go Blue !! 
Finally a Michigan game with no turnovers !!! Now that's what I call wolverine football !!! Thank god it's football season . 
I've decided that one day I'm going to have Grand Ball . lol .. And my mom gets to come .. hahaha 
HOLY HOARDERS BATMAN !!!!!!!!! 
So this day sucks . I still remember 9yrs ago sitting in Kiesel's second hour Bio class when Cookie walks in with the news . Then going to Hoov's history class afterwards only to find out that it had gotten worse . Not just that but 3yrs ago I get a phone call from my dad telling me my aunt passed away . Wow what a shitty day to remember . R.I.P. to all those who have passed on this day . Back in ' 01 and in ' 07 . 
So freaking excited !!! Only 1 day and 20 hrs and 25 < PROPFEMALE > til Grey's!!!! Yea I know I'm a loser . Whatever though . God I love fall !!!! 
Ok now I can hardly sit still ! Only 20 hrs and 20 < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
8hrs !!! Woooo-Whooooo !!! 
Upside at work making money . Downside it's raining and my knee hurts like hell . 8 hrs isn't to long is it ? Lol 
\I'll get over you ... I know I will ... I'll pretend my ships not sinking\ " Just heard this at work and feel that it is kind of fitting .. l " 
They say when life gives you lemons make lemonade . However that still doesn't help you since it still leaves you with a sour taste . So how are you suppose to get the sugar to make life better ? 
Only two days and I get to see my favorite Canadian !!! Yay !! She really does love me . Lol 
Tomorrow wake up breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > spend some time with her go to work come home and I get to see my Canadian ! Is it tomorrow yet ? I don't think I can wait : ) 
Today has been awesome ! Breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > , Bri , < PROPFEMALE > , and my dad . Went home and cleaned and hot ready . Went to < PROPFEMALE>'s dress fitting . Which is GORGEOUS ! Back home to relax . Now at work til 10 then home to FINALLY see my FAVORITE Canuck !!! Maybe a few drinks with my sister and her friends later too . Couldn't ask for a better day right now . 
Out of work . Now it's time to < PROPFEMALE > out with my crazy \DRAMA\ " loving favorite Canadian !!! Hellz yea ! " 
GO BLUE !!!!! Let's hope I can watch almost all of it . 
Wedding one down now off to number two : ) 
Weekend was awesome ! Minus the Michigan lose . Weddings were a both a blast . Congrats to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Like I said before gotta love the words Open Bar . lol Now it's back to reality . Taking a nap then going to work . Afterwards is only a mystery . 
Ok so I finally Sopranos and I now know why everyone who watched it was pissed at the ending . So not cool . And to top it off now \Don't Stop Believing\ " is stuck in my head . " 
Ok so I finally finished Sopranos and I now know why everyone who watched it was pissed at the ending . So not cool . And to top it off now \Don't Stop Believing\ " is stuck in my head . " 
You know I don't even care that Michigan lost today anymore . Only because Wisconsin beat the crap out of Ohio State !!! And I don't even like the damn Badgers ! 
I may be a UofM fan but I also like to see MSU do well . Unless they play Michigan of course . So you can imagine my delight when I check the AP poll today find that due to the INCREDIBLY AMAZING LOSS of the F*ckeye's to the Badger's last night that the \Mighty\ " have FALLEN face first to No . 11 and State is No . 8 !!! Wooo-Whoo !!! " 
Throw in the towel Farve ! You suck ! Should've stayed retired the first time OLD MAN ! 
So last night I couldn't sleep so I watched the orig Halloween and Scream . Tonight nothing on but Scream 2 . Is it me or was this stuff ever scary ? 
Oh how i love coming to work . Sarcasm ? I think so . Lol 
I officially think the secretary of state is the biggest waste of time with some of the rudest employees ever ! 
Yay yay yay i'm free ! 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes !! 
I can't handle this . It's too much . 
Woo !! Wooo !!! Woooo !!!! 
So glad that Conan finally comes back tonight . I don't watch it but I'm not gonna lie I'm so incredibly sick of seeing the \I miss Conan\ " commercials . " 
What do you do when you can't sleep ? Me ? Well I listen to the iPod and play < PROPFIRST > Bros . HELLZ YEA BITCHES !!!! LOL yea i'm a loser so what 
Worked ate dinner and now after a three hour wait the time has arrived for < PROPMALE > Potter !! Hell yes . 
And that is why Nobody Puts Baby in the Corner !!! Haha . I don't even watch it but it felt fitting 
So being to work today at 545am isn't fun . Then tomorrow at 445am . And now saturday at 6am . Dear lord . I hate retail ! 
So almost 3hrs in and I've had some crazies but at the end of all of them was the nicest lady ever . I got my first xmas present ! 
Only minutes away !!! The only football game that is important today . Go Blue Screw OSU !!!! 
It's up to the Badger's now . Anything to prevent a < PROPFEMALE > Bowl for Ohio . 
Why is it that I cry every time I watch the movie < PROPFEMALE > Harbor ? I mean I know what's going to happen . Just one of those movies I guess . 
Really Grey's ?!?! Really ?!?! Come on !!!! 
I love lunch !! Ham sandwich and cottage cheese . And a tall glass of apple juice . Yummmm . 
I wonder why they are still calling a game on tuesday night , sunday night football . Hmmm does that mean that we all have to live monday all over again ?? 
I am no longer a fan of the number 9 !! Stupid best buy ... 
Playing on my brand new computer !!! I love it soooooo much !!! 
How is it that I am just now learning about the Westboro Baptist Church ?? These people are freaking ridiculous to protest at a 9 yr old girls funeral . 
who doesn't love the song Poison ?? Seriously one of the best songs EVER !!! lol 
I love < PROPMALE > Dunham's Arguing with myself .. I just hate it when i watch it while someone is sleeping .. It's soooo hard not to laugh .. 
It's almost 5 in the morning and i can't sleep . So now I think I might just stay awake all night . Why not right ? 
Ok thank sucked ! Slash the only good part . And Fergie just ruined Sweet Child O'Mine 
Now that was a football game ! Thank god \Big Ben\ " went down flaming !! " 
Happy Birthday to my Momma ! Also my grandpa . He would have been 82 yrs old today . 
I hate it when my phone dies and I don't have a charger with me . 
Good job < PROPFEMALE > on your redemption for the SuperBowl disaster . Of course I think if you screwed up \The < PROPFEMALE > of Soul\ " the music world would kick you out for good . " 
I don't know what's worse feeling confused and angry with yourself or knowing that someone else is confused and angry with you . Yet there is nothing you can do to about . 
Hey everyone I finally got the videos of Magga at < PROPFEMALE>'s bachelorette party uploaded . It's quite hilarious if you ask me . 
“When your dreams turn to dust , vacuum” Sounds like a good idea to me . 
I love thunderstorms . Especially when I can't sleep . Even if it only happens once it's still one of my favorite things in the world . Glad that it could bring to a smile to my face . 
I have a question for any of you parents . Why is it that a parent and child can be sitting there talking to each other about old memories and the child always says that it seems like so long ago and the parent always says it seems like just yesterday . Can anyone answer that for me ? 
Loves when Pandora plays I Wanna Sex You Up ! lol 
How poetic that I'm on Facebook while watching Social Network . 
It is officially time to get ready for the wedding of the century ! Finally going to be able to call < PROPFIRST > my brother and have it be true . Love you guys'!!! 
Beach beer and sun ! What's not to love ?? 
30 people , 3 patoons , tons of food , and a whole shit ton of alcohol !! That sounds like trouble to me . Lol 
Last day in FL . I'm so depressed but , it's gorgeous outside so I'm soaking up as much sun as possible before the drinking commences . See everyone tomorrow !! 
We got no troubles life is DE BUBBLES !!!!! LOL 
I hate basketball but I do enjoy knowing that OSU just lost . Number 1 my A$$ !!! 
I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE Weeds !! 
If your Mom is or was a hard working woman , and is your hero , has helped you no matter how good or bad you were and is just the best mom ever , if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one mom ? 
Doing homework . Wow haven't said that in a long time . Sounds weird . Lol . 
