Something and something about the new year . 

Out of sight , out of mind . 
Hummer's . Again . 
< PROPMALE > has an infection . :( 
Back to amarillo . 
Ready to speak . 
Goodnight , Travel Well has a music video ? 
The Palm Pre commercial girl is freaking me out . 
Wants to hit someone . 
May be in < PROPFIRST > in 48 hours ? I hate sudden changes of plans . 
We're gonna take it down to the wire . 
< PROPFIRST > tomorrow . 
Not Never but Now . 
Wish for sleep , and sleep won't come . 
Talking in circles . 
My mom is in the ER ? 
Gonna see < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Best day i've had in a while . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > still has it . 
Im dying here . So tired . 
today very well could be the last day i'm 15 years old O_0 
16 . Go me . 
Best Birthday since i was about 7 . Thank you everybody . 
There is nothing quiet on the Western Front . You can hear me hitting my head against a wall . 
Birthday watermelon ! 
Nothing like working on a boat dock at 8 am . 
Is the only ninja turtle with a firearm , 
I hope this won't last a long time . 
Saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it . 
Black is the color , None is the number . 
Bass is overated . Turn up the treble . 
When things don't fall through , I sleep . 
This is my facebook post about homecoming , since everybody's doing it . 
So ... When is this going to work ? 
Oh my god . I have shamwows . 
Time for a nerd weekend . 
I can't do the talk like the talk on the TV . 
Happiness is when what you think , what you say , and what you do are in < PROPFEMALE > . 
\You sound like Jesus and Fergie . \"" 
Grayson-\It's okay mom . Don't you know I make sure all my friends are shatter-proof before I drive them around ? \ " Mom -\" ... Don't say that . \"" 
I'm telling you , Never order the picture package at school with 20 wallet photos . 
2+2 = 5 ( For really large amounts of 2 ) 
There has to be something going on tonight . 
Fever of 102.5 . I'm gonna figure out what is wrong tomorrow . 
May not be back to school for 7 days or untill I can go 24 hours without a fever . Everybody send me get well cards with money inside . 
I really need help with my reading questions for english . 
Somebody ordered a bushel of awesome , and I'm here to deliver it . 
Walking sideways through gutters . 
Just came into posession of a glass head . Can anybody paint it or something ? 
The fourth kind . sweet . 
There is a Looney Toons marathon on . Awesome . 
< PROPFEMALE > ? 
Best . Day . Ever . 
Why is it that the more I watch tv , the more attractive I find the KGB girl ? That's good marketing . Goodnight . 
I have an ipod touch now , and after i duct tape my phone to the back i'll have an iphone like all my friends . I'm so cool :P 
And it starts sometime around midnight . 
is hell on wheels . 
The Killers christmas is the only christmas . 
is going to be home alone untill the 9th ? 
These streets are old . They shine with the things I know . 
Considering the circumstances , tonight worked better than planned . 
Wake up at 3 . Do homework untill 5 . Sleep untill 9 . I had a very eventful sunday . 
Nothing makes me happier than finding new music from The Killers . 
I'll be the best , cause I'm a jealous mess . 
Who wants to see Avatar ? 
I shall be released . 
Is thinking about a new years resolution . 
I have 50 dollars on iTunes and need help spending it . 
I just saw a commercial that advertised \No Will Power Required ! \ " What's going on here ? " 
There will be no sleep here . Not tonight . 
needs to do something tomorrow . 
Thank god we made it around the sun again . I was sure we weren't going to make it this time . 
She takes the dark out of the night time and paints the daytime black . 
Just got words with friends . 
Everyone is having a hard time with something . What's new ? 
I'm picking my brother up at the airport . 
Mom- \I'm working on my fruits of the spirits . \ " Me- \ " So you're some kind of Jesus farmer ? \"" 
I think the celebrity I look like is Kanye West . But thats just what people tell me . 
Will not go quietly into that dark night . 
Go to cold stone 3 times to get some thrice cream . 
As life feels longer , awful feels softer . Well it feels pretty soft to me . 
Things are rough all over . Especially in my general direction . 
Epic night . Everyone who I saw is my new best friend(s ) . 
Blame it on the web , but the spider is your problem now . 
Makes no physical sense . 
Just because it is your second time around doesn't mean you've changed anything . 
Good news for people who love bad news . 
Ruined . 
Egocentric , Geocentric . 
Journals for Mrs. Hair ? 
These t-shirts are going to be the greatest thing since me . 
Strong enough to crawl . 
Turn off that damn tornado alarm so I can finish watching Deadliest Warrior . 
all the people you knew were the actors . 
Just drove behind a limo playing \I'm On A Boat\ " at full volume . I hope they enjoyed it . " 
Did I say too much ? Did I say enough ? I don't know . 
Everybody is just starting to show how sick they are of seeing one another . 
If this tornado warning ( which is forcing my parents into the closet into my room ) kills me , Remember me as i once was . :P 
the formspring thing is working better than i thought it would . 
Why is everyone being so nice on facebook ? and why did i have to figure it out without checking my notifications ? 
I wonder where < PROPMALE > Tung is ... my place ! 
Here comes a feeling you thought you'd forgotten . 
Tour guide-\Blah blah blah .... union station ... pretty building . Now for the first illegal u-turn of our tour . \"" 
I never really gave up on breaking out of this two < PROPFEMALE > town . 
Making sure the people I hate are doing fine . 
Opulence , I has it . 
I made an excuse , and you found another way to tell the truth . 
Have you had your wisdom teeth removed ? It is so so . 
Vuvuzela . Best birthday present ever . 
To everyone who wished me a happy birthday : Thank you . \ 
To those who didn't: We are no longer on speaking terms . 
Had a dream , you were there . Just another nightmare . 
Our common goal was waiting for the world to end . 
Who already misses me in first period physics ? 
If stupid was made of strawberries , we would be drinking a lot of smoothies right now . 
After talking up all the things I could do tomorrow , I realize that I have no school spirit . 
We all make mistakes . I choose to make mine on the dance floor . 
It is easier to ask forgiveness than it is to ask permission . 
Mom : \Yeah 
The whole point of mandatory education is to lock you in a building so you can look around and lose all hope for mankind . 
Did you break a guitar today ? Thought so . 
Truth is , nobody is telling the truth . 
When I'm walking I strut my stuff , man I'm so strung out . 
still wants laser eyes . 
And when I'm singing to myself , I'm really singing to you . 
can only be described by one word , Rawesome . 
You shall know the truth , and the truth shall make you mad . 
Sure she was attractive , but she had to start talking and ruin it for everybody . 
Remember , if somebody destroys your notes , it's your fault for not locking your locker . 
Anything is possible when you don't know what you're talking about . 
Time doesn't exist , clocks exist . 
\There is another fish in the water \"- Connor < PROPMALE > " 
Wake up from a nap . Check Facebook . One million status updates I don't understand . I hate facebook trends . What is this , Myspace ? 
I need music suggestions . 
Leaving Las Vegas . 
I don't make it rain . I chunk a stack . 
I feel a whole lot better when you're not around . 
This new car thing is pretty damn nice . 
It's good to be home . 
I was just told that I looked like < PROPFIRST > Bieber ... not sure what to think about it . 
Everything is Brilliant . 
