New Year's is over ... time to take down the tree ! 

Awww , Saints ! :( 
should be studying for my final . 
most awesomely done final exam I've ever taken 
just chillaxin ' at Joycie's . 
Hangin out at school , first day back ! 
think I actually did well on that stat exam 
grey's anatomy season premiere tomorroooooooooow !!!!!!!! 
I just want to get this whole application process over . 
is not enjoying her < PROPMALE > year . 
ready for the long weekend !!! 
I don't think I'm ever going to be done with this paper 
seeing snow ... kind of 
got accepted in the < PROPMALE > !!! finals start tomorrow :-/ 
about to take my online Psyc final exam , hoping for an A in this class 
watching It's a Wonderful Life , love this movie 
Wintersession is going to be interesting . It hasn't even started yet and I have an exam in 4 days ! 
had to leave my poor < PROPFEMALE > at the vet with an abscess and fever :( but at least her leg isn't broken after all . 
study study study 
gonna sleep this bad day away ! 
thinking i might go get my hair chopped off this week :) 
Happy new year ! 
exam tomorrow that I am not ready for . Ugh . 
The professor forgot to post the exam , get an extra day to study ! 
exam STILL hasn't been posted . I think we should all just 100's 
so mad . my cell randomly stopped working today and Sprint won't do anything for me ! 
my cell isn't fixable , so no one call/text ! 
yay , i have a phone again 
I smelled < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > sliding down a hill because I'm cool like that . 
Up In The Air is worth seeing ! Gotta love < PROPFIRST > 
Still awake . Studying for my final exam of the Wintersession !!! Ready for the semester to start . 
Finally , new episode of Grey's Anatomy tonight !!! 
Not feeling too spiffy today . Working on an assignment . Fun-ness ! 
Crazyness ! We are going to the Super Bowl ! 
just realized my text messaging isn't working , what the heck 
needs a good remedy for a scratchy throat so I'll stop coughing ! 
come ooooooooooooooon February 4th !!! 
got two assignments done today . so productive ! hah . 
tired of hearing myself cough 
likes to leave her Facebook signed in at the ULM library . Good thing I'm a nice guy and am not going to leave any embarrasing status message on her wall , or better yet , on her friend's walls . You're welcome , < PROPFIRST > , you're welcome . Always remember ... LOGOUT . 
woke up to my financial aid deposited into my checking account . Thank goodness !!! 
I don't like the \new\ " Facebook . " 
has some SERIOUS studying to do tomorrow . 
<3 Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! <3 
got some studying done over Mardi Gras break ! Lots more to do . Almost American Idol time !!! 
8 AM class .... arrrrrrrg !!!!!!! 
time to get the studying started , 3 exams tomorrow and I'm soooooooo worried about them ! I've put off studying way too long . 
Two exams down , one to go ! Did ok on one , not-s o-o k on the other , hoping this third one goes really well ! 
Just watched Crazy Heart , I recommend it ! ( though I always feel bad when I watch really good movies for free online instead of paying ) 
feels like a complete fool . 
seriously need to get started on my research proposal . 
one review down , one more to go . Why did I procrastinate on this knowing I have an 8 AM class tomorrow ? 
I just successfully figured out how to view someone's facebook photo albums who you are not friends with and have their photos set to private . This is a sign that I spend way too much time on Facebook when I have a really important assignment to do and am wasting time because I don't feel like working on it . 
been working on this written mid-term all day , only one more question left ! 
after watching the Oscars , I'm thinking I need to see The Hurt Locker . 
finnnnnnnnnnnally finished the mid-term and got it submitted just in time ! So glad to be done ! 
So glad I get to see American Idol tonight !!! I keep missing it cause of dang 3 hour night classes , arrrrrg 
why does time go by so slow at work yet so fast at home ?! 
Ugh , sick all last night and this morning . 
blfhoahfoeianOU&*^foenfo@#%ewanfnmco*hvorqaf .... that's how I feel today . 
feeling sleepy but I need to study for my exams tomorrow ! 
just finished my hours at the hospital for the week , now I have to start on an assignment , and I have work at the store in the morning . And I just want to catch up on sleep !!! 
is off work . yay ! 
just found out I MIGHT be able to use my financial aid for the summer session ! Gonna keep my fingers crossed for that one . 
me and my brilliant self got my days mixed up and showed up to work 5 hours early and they made me stay . now I'm working double what I was supposed to . bet I won't do that again ! 
sushi ... yummmmmy 
is off work yay ! 
Wonders why great value pizzas are 52 cents cheaper at the < PROPMALE > walmart .. I just saved $1.56 ! 
is ready to be off work , lots of studying to do tonight . 
35 minutes ... hurry up ! 
Need to work on my research proposal 
watching Meet the Parents , I love this movie ! 
got to register for my classes today , glad that's done ! 
ugh , I give up on this research proposal for tonight . 
hates having to go into work this late 
life would be easier if I could just source Wikipedia on research papers . 
almost done with my research paper ! Going to bed , work in the AM . 
One research assignment done , one more to go . I am determined to have it done by Sunday so I won't be struggling the night before it's due ! 
my dreaded 3 hour night class got cancelled , yay !!! 
It is so funny that after several months of my car leaking and running hot , and having several men look at it and tell me they can't find a leak anywhere , that I end up finding the leak after looking for it myself ! 
Oh my heck , final exam time once again . So much studying to do . 
Losing my mind over this research proposal 
35 pages into my proposal and I still don't have everything completed 
finished my proposal ( i think ) , 41 pages long ! 
don't want to be here . I have too many things to be doing ! 
Picked the wrong day to go to wal-mart 
studying political science , woohoo 
One down , four to go . 
second final down , third one tonight ; ready to be done ! 
President Cofer is leaving ULM ?! 
I thought I was gonna get a 3 week summer break ... turns out it's a 3 DAY summer break , then back to school . Fun . 
with me officially being a Senior now does that mean I get to use the \I have Senioritis\ " excuse ? " 
I NEED PEOPLE TO FILL OUT A SURVEY FOR ME FOR A SCHOOL ASSIGNMENT , IT'S ONLY A FEW QUESTIONS , IF YOU'RE INTERESTED SEND ME YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS . 
Oh em gee 5 o'clock traffic 
Not having a/c in your car will give you road rage like you wouldn't believe 
is at work , missing greys anatomy season finale :( 
The city of West < PROPMALE > is about to get all my money . 
google.com messed up making their logo interactive today . Totally distracting me from searching for an article for class ! 
I will never again sign up to complete a whole course in 3 weeks . 
Half way through Unit 2 in one day . About to try and get the third assignment finished and that will leave me with just one more assignment to complete in Unit 2 ! ( Yes , be jealous < PROPFEMALE >!) :) 
Come on 3 oclock ! 
American Idol time ! 
Writing about supporting the use of phenomenological analysis to offer validity to data collected in a study is not how I like to spend my summer . 
Come on 10 pm !!! 
Ramen noodles and < PROPFEMALE > , that's what's for dinner . 
about to bake some cookies :) Back to work tomorrow , processing freight all day , though , so I'm happy about that ! Less time spent cashiering the better . 
its tax free day on batteries ... 
The whole world is at wal-mart 
only one more assignment left and done with this Maymester . 
one more hour 
Lots of coffee . I am determined to have this whole assignment finished and submitted tonight . 
9 straight hours of work , done and submitted . 
wanting to get off work already ! ready to go eat tonight 
doesn't want to go to this new class in the morning . 
lots of terrible-ness today . but it'll get better . 
Finally ... ULM is going to let me work on campus next school year . No more cashiering for me ! 
really wish they would change the music at work , so tired of hearing the same boyz II men songs . 
is about to study some dsm 
sooo tired but I've got to study for this exam !!! 
final exam in the morning . Need to make an 86 to get my A for the course ! Lots of studying tonight ... 
is done with summer I ! 
got a 97 on the final and an A for the course , yay ! 
I'm gonna DIE in this car !!! 
Hates this class !!! 
Just watched twilight for the first time ! 
just finished my last homework assignment , then he puts up 3 more quizzes ! Test in two days and I'm so unprepared . Ready for this class to end ! 
enough Math for tonight , gonna wake up extra early in the morning to study more before the exam because I am so not ready for this ! 
got my car back , finally ! Nice to have it back but I guess it's leaking freeon so no a/c :( 
doing Math homework on a saturday night , woohoo ! 
had to drive all the way to work for a stupid 30 < PROPFEMALE > meeting 
No more studying for tonight 
second exam is done ! work in a couple hours , putting my \i'm quitting\ " notice in next week yaaaaaaay ! ready for both my summer class and summer job to be over . " 
Made a 100 on my math exam ! 
8 o clock can't come fast enough ! ready to get the heck out of this store ! 
can't get rid of this headache 
not even gonna stress about this exam tomorrow . I'm just ready for this class to end . Just one more week ! 
don't really know how I did on my exam , hopefully at least a B ! Work later today , have to close , blah . 
another A for math !!! Just one more exam ! 
Is in the longest walmart checkout line I've ever been in in my life . 
just went on a date that I actually think went pretty ok 
last exam of the summer tomorrow !!!! 
made the mistake of drinking an energy drink last night so i could study which resulted in me not being able to sleep a wink ! 
inception is awesome ! 
blah 
haven't been getting in till around 4am the past 3 or 4 nights . Think I need to go to bed as soon as I get home from work tonight ! 
working my last day at my job tonight , woo hoo ! I should just slack off today since its my last day anyway , lol ! :) 
just finished my LAST day at what will ( hopefully ) be the last retail job I will ever have to work ! Yay ! 
watching Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium with my niece 
if I tell you that I'm aggravated and you know it partly has to do with you , don't have your response be \well its easy to get aggravated\ " . seriously . " 
is actually feeling sleepy before midnight 
just made myself a couple fajitas ! yummmmmy 
I hate my car . I want to blow that piece of % ! $# up . For real . 
was just looking at a syllabus for one of my classes ... goodbye 10 point grading scales ! they don't mess around in these senior courses ! 
last weekend of freedom !!! hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > tonight , woot !!! 
margaritas at chile verde !!!!! 
drunkity drunk drunk 
does not feel well today 
I have 3 classes tomorrow , all before 11am ... not going to be fun !!! 
Someone go take the GRE for me , please . 
about to get myself into extreme study mode !!! From now through the weekend I am hitting these books hard ! 
i can feel a cold sore coming on . Blah . 
b-o-r-e-d . 
taking a study break to watch the Emmys 
does N-O-T like writing papers !!! 
I love my self defense class ! I get to punch and kick stuff . 
Children with special needs do not have an illness . Its not contagious . They only want what we want . To be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least two hours ? It is special education week , and this is in honor of all children who need a little extra help ! 
wish my fever would make up its mind ... stay or go !! not make me think I'm all better and then come back again . blah . 
I am determined to have this proposition paper done TODAY !!! 
Submitted my rough draft , finally ! Now , I have to work on my assignment that's due tomorrow . 
procrastination , we meet again . 
got my paper finished and submitted today , did some modules , took a quiz , read a story , now I need to work on this memo !!! this semester just sucks 
just ate arbys for the first time ... wasn't too bad , good fries . 
assignment due tomorrow or not , I'm watching the game !!! 
\The Singularity\ " is racking my brain cells . " 
This construction on louisville sucks 
class then work then back to class now at walmart in search of foooooood 
Finally got a new cell yay ! 
trying to get started on my proposition paper ... no motivation ! 
Woo !!! Who dat ! 
so sad that I had to use the money I was going to use to buy a new laptop on x-rays and tests :'( 
back still hurts today but SO much better than yesterday ! guess it was worth all the money after all . 
Grey's Anatomy season premiere tonight ! Woo hoo !!!!! 
time to go to bed !!! 
needs to get off facebook and start on assignments !!!! 
Come on Saints !!!!!! 
Hartley ... WHAT ?! 
I love it when classes get canceled and I can go home early ! :) 
so glad we have 2 days off for Fall break .... even though I have 3 assignments due DURING the break ! That should be illegal ... 
guess the good thing about not being able to do much is I can get assignments done ! 
Friday night & Walmart has 2 lanes open ... 
car is broke down ... again . I hate not having a vehicle to drive ! 
is writing my paper and watching the game . 
whoa it's been a long time since I've used Powerpoint ... 
I hate getting my oil changed . Blah . 
powerpoint has made my eyes hurt . NO MORE for tonight . 
On way to shreveport , woohoo 
woke up extra early today yet have still been rushing all day 
finally located my radiator plug , gonna flush my cooling system ( yes , by myself ! ) in the next couple days . It's soooooooooo < PROPMALE > . 
wish I could get motivated to just get this school work done and out of the way . Come on December 10th ! 
baked a couple cakes today for tomorrow and even managed to get some homework done ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! <3 
My very first time to Black Friday shop wasn't too bad after all ! Had to stand in line for 2 hours at Kohls but was one of the first ones in the door and got everything I needed and was out in 10 minutes ! 
Going to start my final exam studying soon ... 
so tired of looking at this material , and I haven't even started studying for the final that's tomorrow ! Thankfully it's at 3pm and not early ! 
2 finals down , 3 more to go !!! 
four down , only one more left !!! 
full on Red Lobster . About to take my very last final of the semester ! 
Watching A Christmas Story , I love this movie ! 
so bored at work !!! 
I hate paying bills . I wish my Momma was still required to have to pay for everything ! 
Gonna be off work for 2 weeks , yay ! 
I hope I just made the right decision ... 
it felt so good to have the strength to kick you out of my house and send you back to Ruston where you belong !!! Maybe you will finally move on since I did a long time ago ... 
I feel like I need a nap 
so happy to get to spend time with < PROPFIRST > tonight !!! 
finally got a laptop again !!! 
so full on Monjunis ! 
so ready for the weekend !!! 
TGIF !!! 
Walmart pisses me off !!!!!!! 
blah , guess I'm staying home tonight 
so glad it's Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just went and picked up my car , yay for fixed transportation ! 
fml !!! 
