' To the world you might be one person , But to one person you just might be the world ' 

Okay it is way to hot to be outside . I guess I will be waiting for the sun to go down before I begin my weekend ! 
Damn ... < PROPFIRST > Jacksons dead !! RIP < PROPFIRST > ! 
Be kinder than necessary , for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle ... 
It's 7:00 and I am finally off work . It's time to enjoy the weekend . To my FB Fam have a good weekend !! 
has a headache : ( 
All the things I really like to do are either immoral , illegal or fattening !!! 
Tonight I'll be your naughty girl ..... I'm callin ' all my girls .... We're gonna turn this party out ! lol .. this song is stuck in my head ... Come on 7:00 !!! I am ready to get off work and get out ! 
Is at work and thankful that at least I have a job to go to !! 
is learning to be thankful for the little money I do have . And not stress about the rest ! 
Today's Truth \The Lord will fight for you ; you need only to be still\ " ( Exodus 14:14 ) . " 
Some pursue happiness ; others create it . 
is enjoying her day ! 
Isn't it amazing what a phone call can do ?? I was having a great day & in a 10 minute span I received 2 phone calls that just stressed me out . People why is it that if ur stressed u feel the need 2 stress out someone else ??? Does is ever occur to you that you have not only messed up your day but your messing up someone elses !! 
God didn't promise days without pain , laughter without sorrow , sun without rain , but He did promise strength for the day , comfort for the tears , and light for the way . Wishing you all a beautiful Tuesday ! 
Getting ready to get off work and I can't wait . Come on 7:00 
To all my FB family , I just wanted you to know that I'm thankful for all of you !!! If I don't see you or get a < PROPMALE > to talk to you . I hope that you have a Happy Thanksgiving . 
Okay War Eagle Fans !! Im at work I need yall to keep me posted !! Tidey Bowl Fans need not apply here !!!!! WAR EAGLE !!!!! 
Thanks FB Fam for the Birthday wishes ... Love you guys ! And I'm praying that you all be blessed beyond measure this year !!! 
Go Saints !!! 
? Happy Valentines Day FB Fam ? 
is wondering what to eat for breakfast ????? 
Not feeling well , I think I got the coodies : ( 
i just killed 2 pigeons ! WTH ? Dang i got feathers on the windshield :( 
Todays Mantra : To Blessed To Be Stressed ! Now if I can stop being upset over something I can't change long enough to repeat it . It just might work ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal : To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same 
Getting my early morning study on ... Mid term exams suck ! 
All right FB fam .. Today is test day ... Wish me luck lol ! 
Okay FB family .. It is cold outside . I think a need a cuddle < PROPMALE > lol 
Life doesn’t always give us the joys we want . We don’t always get our hopes and dreams and we don’t always get our own way . But don’t give up hope because you can make a difference one situation and one person at a time . 
Keep believing that you have what it takes to make your dream into a reality . Keep thinking positive thoughts , and know that you have the ability to do anything . Find the encouragement inside yourself to know that you are worthwhile and that you are someone who deserves the very best there is .. Never accept anything less ! - < PROPFEMALE > Hill 
Lost my phone at freaking Walmart last night .. smh ... Darn I loved that phone ! 
Kudos to Walmart in Gardendale !! Not only did they find my phone but they took the time to go through the contact list and call my last contact to let them know that they have it . Whoo hooo !!! I am back in action !! 
Count Down People .. 3 days till my B'day and I can't wait ! lol 
Is soooo sleeepy 
Thanks Facebook fam for all of the birthday wishes ! I hope you all enjoyed bringing in the New Year and may 2011 be a year of prosperity for you all ! 
Eating Chinese .. yummy ! lol 
Why did it take me over an hour to get home from 280 today ? Some folks just need to catch the darn bus if you can't drive any better than that ! I am tired of sitting in traffic cause you don't know how to damn drive . Slow your a ** down moron ! 
I have had this knot between my shoulder blades for about a week now . I can literally feel it tighting at times . Does anyone know of a good and ligitimate place to get a massage ? Don't want to be caught up in a raid lol ... 
Whiskey 
This is a status I just could NOT pass up : When you < PROPFEMALE > the Bible , Satan gets a headache . When you open it , he collapses . When he sees you reading it , he faints . When he sees you living it , he flees . And just when you're about to re-post this , he'll try to discourage you . I JUST DEFEATED HIM !! Copy and re-post if you can . Any takers ?? 
is like really ??? Didn't see that coming .... 
is waiting on the scores from my finals ... talking about sweating bullets lol 
is sleepy . Good Night FB fam 
Is running low on smiles .. 
Got my scores from my finals FB Fam I passed lol .... Thank you Jesus !!!!! 
is thinking about switching churches ... 
is doing homework .. smh 
Good night FB Fam ... xoxo 
Man I should have stopped for breakfast : ( 
Whooohooo ! It is lunch time .. Been waiting on this all day lol Now what do I want for lunch ???? Decisions decisions ...... 
SLord i saw my boss call me ... Yes I even saw that last minute email ... I saw him getting up to catch me .. Nope nope nope ... U cant catch me . I punched th 
Sat clock and flew ! I am free ! No overtime for me ! 
I am thinking that coming off of coffee was a bad idea .. Omg ... the caffeine withdrawals are a hot mess ! 
Omg ... I am going to go to jail for whoopin my co-workers kid .. If he falls out in the floor just one more time !!! 
Is watching Love Jones . I love this movie ! 
I am watching the movie Distric 9 ... Glad I didn't spend 10 bucks on this movie at the theater 
On my way to the Mecedes children's marathon to watch my nephew run . Go LT ! 
OMG ... I am soooo sleepy 
Omg ! I am off work ! It has been a long day . It's time for a glass of wine and some candels ! # do not disturb ! 
Is choking on a Goody Headache powder lol ! 
Ok FB fam .. Explain to me why do people give their children names that are not pronouced like they spell them .. I thought my name was bad smh ( sorry Mom ) This girl just called in her name is spelled Teixeira and is pronouced Tay-sha 
I'm watching the movie Finding Nemo and it is pretty good lol ! 
Ugh cant sleep # Insonmia 
Lmbo ! Robot chicken is hilarious ... Omg ! 
Omg .. finished final's . Thank you Lord !! I think I hear the bed calling my name ! 
Have you ever made a decision to do something for someone else because you felt like it was the right thing to do even though you knew you could possibly get the short end of the deal ?? smh ... #screwedmyself :( 
