Is wigged otu slightly ... everyone's married ... what happened ? Two years pass ? 

has five weeks left ... crazy . 
is trying not to count the calender ... but he has 32 days if he was ... 
I leave for Winnipeg in two weeks ! 
I'm going to be home on the 9th of July . Pure insanity . 
I am homeward bound ! See you in 4 ! 
Has officially been an RM for about 24 hours . 
I really should be in bed ... 
I watched the Dark Knight yesterday . It rocked . 
Avatar is a sweet movie . Period . 
I'm hot . No , not like that ... it's just insanely warm in my house right now ... 
Pondering the infinite complexities of the cosmos and where I fit in the grand scheme . 
I'm leaving for work . Yes , at 1 in the morning . 
Pondering the many twists and turns that life takes ... the unusual paths we unexpectedly find ourselves walking , and considering the ever present constant of change . The longer I live , the stranger and more intricately complex life becomes . 
I just finished a 50 hour work week ... I'm tired . 
Life is crazy . Pure and simple . 
I have decided that radio is evil ... and mind numbingly boring . 10 hour round trip drives to Salt Lake may be a contributing factor to the aforementioned conclusion . 
Why do we fall ? So that we can learn to pick ourselves up . 
22 ? Feels just like 21 . 
Go to the brink and take a leap of faith , go to your limits and take one step further , rise above the breaking point and become everything you were meant to be . 
Taking a leap of faith into the unknown . Just hope I land on my feet . 
It's just been confirmed . I got the money to go back to school ! SUU here I come . 
Just got back from church a little bit ago . College wards rock , in case you didn't know . 
I hate that everything in this world revolves around money . Unless you're a Buddhist monk from Tibet , you have to accept the fact that the world is capitalist ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Wertz just made me trunky for my mission . I didn't think that was possible , but I guess it is . 
I'm not poor ... I just don't have a lot of money . There's a difference . Even if it's only in my head . 
The greatest trials and battles of our lives often occur within the halls of our souls . 
I've got a meeting with someone in the stake presidency this weekend . That's never good . 
Hold to hope , find your faith , and whatever you do ; don't let go . 
Surrounded by people , but somehow feeling alone ... making new friends , yet not quite feeling like I belong . 
Have you ever felt like your head might explode with everything you've got on your mind ? 
Ok , HUGE favor to ask . ANYONE who has any digital copies or files of my book from two years ago , please send it to me via e-mail . Some of my files have gotten lost , but I know there are complete copies in your inboxes , please double check for me . 
Just got called to be the executive secretary of my < PROPMALE > ... holy crap . 
Job hunting ... it's like head hunting but not as fun . 
I've got a date for Wednesday . Go figure . 
I'm feeling giddy . In a totally manly way . 
There is an innate danger in high hopes . 
Learn to stand on your own two feet . When it really comes down to it , you can't count on anyone but yourself . 
Just got back from the long weekend . It was nice to have some time to decompress and get my bearings . 
Reasonable people are usually asleep by now ... maybe I'll be semi-reasonable and go to sleep too ... 
Somebody backed into my car today ... thankfully the damage was minimal but still ... no bueno . 
My bishopric meeting tonight lasted 3 1/2 hours ... that's more church than most people get on Sunday . 
Homework ... so much that it's leaking out my ears . 
Trying to get myself back into writing mode ... I do it for fun believe it or not . 
It's been about 70 degrees all day . That . is . awesome . 
I've been home from my mission for exactly two months today . I was in a contemplative mood and decided to post two poems that I wrote just before I came home . One might have more meaning to those who served in the CWM , but I think the sentiment is conveyed anyway . A huge thanks to everyone that helped me make it . 
It's the weekend , WAHOO ! 
I'm slowly ... SLOWLY ... getting used to this whole RM/being home thing . I might just make it after all . Who knew ? 
I have a tag again ... I just got used to NOT wearing one . Except this one says : < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > de Water CCYSA 2nd Stake Executive Secretary 21st < PROPMALE > . It's a bit more specific than my old one ... Granted it's only on Sundays I wear it though . Or anything \official \"." 
This just happened in the library : A GUY walked by wearing a pink wig , aviators , a tight white shirt with pink < PROPFEMALE > wings on his back and a pink mini skirt ... I pray he lost a bet or something . Welcome to SUU . :D 
I should be reviewing for < PROPMALE > tomorrow ... but part of me wants to watch a movie ... 
I love the fact that I can read a Batman comic book , and I'm doing homework at the same time . Rock on . 
I just realized that tomorrow is Thursday ... which means it's almost the weekend . Sweet . 
Looking forward to the weekend ! 
Sometimes things don't go according to plan , sometimes it goes nothing like you had hoped ... it's times like that you have to trust that no matter what , things will work out for the best . Life always brings with it a few curves . It's how we take them that really matters . 
Halo Reach : Rocks . End of story . 
Well , got my rental car this morning . A Hyundai Elantra . The big surprise was who came from Enterprise to pick me up . I ran into my < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Nielson ( Lambert ) . Who would have known ? 
I don't believe in coincidence . I have seen too much in life to believe that people and things cross our path out of sheer happenstance . 
I got my car back ! Whoo ! It's as good as new . Well , the bumper anyway . 
Trying to make sense of people even though I know that people don't make sense ... 
I write instead of sing . I paint pictures with words instead of brushes and tell stories that need to be told . 
Essays , reading assignments , job applications , getting an American driver's license again , and church stuff ... this is going to be a busy week . 
There's only so much I can say about The Odyssey and Gilgamesh ... it's hard to fit it into a four < PROPFEMALE > essay . It's just not that interesting in my opinion ... 
Sometimes you just have to roll with it , and hope that there's not a < PROPMALE > nearby . 
I had an interesting realization today . My whole life is in front of me . I'm free to make of it whatever I want . My course is the one I choose . Nothing is set in stone . 
I don't feel like doing ANYTHING . I could be summed up as \meh \"." 
Friendships are fragile . They can easily break if not handled with care . 
It's rather wet and rainy outside today . 
I just realized that I unintentionally lined up all my < PROPMALE > Bros . movies together . And that is my random fact for the day . 
Falling asleep in my chair trying to read Medea ... quite sad . 
It's still wet and rainy , which is cool . I have a < PROPMALE > exam tomorrow which is not cool . No , there's no connection between the two . I'm just saying . 
I killed my < PROPMALE > exam today . Then I cooked it , chewed it up , and spit it back out . Twice . 
Just to clarify , I aced my < PROPMALE > exam . I thought I was being clever , but a lot of people seem to think that I bombed the exam . I did quite well . Mein Professor was impressed . 
It's Friday . Hallelujah . 
When it's all said and done ; life goes on . 
I'm tired ... and I'm afraid I may be getting sick ... so I'm going to bed . 
5+ hours of studying for a midterm today ... and the Dark Knight . Could be worse I guess . 
Oftentimes the greatest harm does not rise from harsh or angry words ; but rather from apathy and indifference . 
Trying to take life one day at a time . 
One week . 
I'm keeping my fingers crossed that this job pans out . 
Trying to slug my way through this essay ... so I can do some reading for tomorrow ... so I can read Plato for Friday ... I'm starting to think three English classes may be a bit much to tackle at once . 
Got the essay hammered out . Finishing touches will be tomorrow . Got a little bit of reading done . Now the real question is ... what do I eat for dinner ? 
I got the job ! Oo-rah ! 
Do you trust to hope when reason says to abandon it ? You hold to faith in a person when practicality says to walk away ? 
I honestly feel like I'm on the verge of snapping on something or someone . I've got a hundred things on my mind and the last thing I want or need is people second guessing me . 
It's 37 degrees right now . I've seen -40 . Bring it on Cedar . 
< PROPMALE > exam tomorrow ... BOO . 
Aced my < PROPMALE > exam . Even made my professor laugh . 
I love the fact that illegal immigrants run all over the place without any legal documentation and still get government papers ... but law abiding legal citizens get put through the bureaucratic meat grinder over simple things . It's a wonderful system . 
Pondering over what to do next ... 
It's Friday ... I could cheer . I'm doing a little < PROPFEMALE > jig in my head . Mostly because I don't know how to do one in real life . 
... yup . 
Why is it so stinking hard to find the run time on movie cases ? 
Here's the funny thing about a leap of faith ... once you make the leap , basic physics says you live with the decision . 
Finding the right girl is kind of like looking for hay in a needle stack ... 
I've been hanging out with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > all day ... he'd probably be better company if he wasn't dead . 
Learning to take life for what it is , accept it for what it's not , look forward to what it can be , and have the < PROPFEMALE > to be happy with it no matter what . 
Finished both of my four < PROPFEMALE > essays and am now fine tuning my presentation/ proofreading . Life just doesn't get much more exciting . 
There's snow on the ground here in Cedar . Last time I saw snow , I was in Canada . Crazy how time flies . 
I've been home for 4 months as of today ... that's just crazy . 
If people need an excuse to be your friend , then they aren't worth the time or effort in the first place . 
I watched < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim last night . Totally bizarre and totally awesome at the same time . 
So we got about four inches of snow last night/this morning . It really made me miss Canada ... just looking around at all the snow covered sidewalks brought back a lot of really good memories . 
Working on my book . 
Getting back into writing mode . It's a great feeling . 
Thanksgiving Break starts in a week . Oo-rah . 
Three days til Thanksgiving Break ! 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a prick , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are . 
Just finished the proof read of the rough draft for Phoenix Spire . Now the fun begins : the re-write ! 
All the snow reminds me of Winnipeg ... that and the last time I was dealing with snow on my car ... I was also wearing a suit . 
Out of school . For the week . And Deathly Hallows was awesome . 
Pushing forward because the only other option is going back . 
Happy December everybody ! 
At this point ... tired is an understatement . 
I haven't quite resorted to selling organs for money ... but I'm close . 
The re-write begins . 
Buckle up folks . It's finals week at SUU . 
Paper's done . Woohoo ! 
I think I need a new flash drive ... 1 GB just doesn't really cut it these days . 
American Lit final today ... here's to hoping . 
Two finals down . One more to go , then it's home for the holidays ! 
Done with finals ! I'm headed home for the holidays ! 
I had a completely lazy day today . It was awesome . 
It's almost Christmas , woohoo ! 
