Feeling a little better today .. I can breath some today . Gotta get < PROPFIRST > s hair cut sooo bad . Summer and < PROPFIRST > used coloring books and crayons today for the first time ... < PROPFIRST > tried to eat them and Summer tried to break all of them . Happy New Year to all ! 

The work day is almost over ... I am ready to go home and start my second job .... but ... by 8:30 .... it's my time ... \Hey honey\ " \ " put some beers on ice ! \ " LOL " 
O . K ... It's < PROPFEMALE > here at work and I hear it is raining bad at home ... stay at work or go home ... I never thought I would be asking myself that question ! 
I can't wait until my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > gets ride of his to-be ex .. she is nothing but a money hungry , spiteful , vindictive piece of work ! She is pulling one of those .. if you divorce me .. I am going to make you $$PAY$$ .. but all that does is show everyone her true 
Well , I can't sleep .. gotta be up in 2 1/2 hours ... this sucks ! 
I am so blessed to have such great friends and family ... who could ask for anything more ? I just want to thank everyone that has crossed my path .. I take with me a little something special about all of you and keep it very close to my heart ... though I don't get to see everyone as much as I would like ... my heart is with all ! 
It's Friday ... wooo .. hooo ... I can't believe the twins are going to be two tomarrow . Time is flying by so fast .. I don't want them to grow up ! 
FYI , My son < PROPFIRST > has Autism .. I found a child care facility that works with children with special needs and disabilities called DLC Nurse & Learn at 4101-1 College Street , Jax FL 32205 . They are in need of donations , sponsor ( adopt ) a child , donations of toys and wipes . 
If anyone is interested in helping with the needs of these special children , please send donations of some sort , as these children are very special and DLC is a very rare place that provide for the needs as well as the love these children deserve . 
Due to the economy , donations are down but these children's spirits are not ! Please let them know that < PROPFIRST > Keller sent you . Thank you in advance for your kindness if you have the ability to donate . 
Is it 5:30 yet ? Geezzzz this day is taking soooo longgg . 
Another night of no sleep ... trying to get some work done ... I hate it when I can't sleep ! Babies turned two Sat .... Hubby and I finally got a night out together ... thanks to my Kaileigh boo and < PROPMALE > for watching the twins .... I think it's been about a year since the last time we had a night out and we were too tired to have a good time . 
Took twins to the docs today ... been home with sicklings since Sunday . They said it's just going to take time ... thank goodness it's not the swine flu ! 
Work ... Work ... Work ... Ready to Play ... Play ... Play 
Twins have been sick for three weeks ... just changed Austins med . I hope this helps ... I need to get back to work ... can't sleep with fevers and throwing up . This strain is crazy ! I wish everyone good health .. take lots of vit . C ! 
I think the twins are on the road to recovery ... made it to daycare ... and I made it to work ... woohoo .. Pray that they continue to get well .. full recovery ! 
< PROPFIRST > is all set up to get his speech and ot inhouse at DLC Nurse & Learn ... getting the rest of the stuff for Hope Haven to do a Dio .... things are comming together ... look out < PROPFIRST > .... help is on the way ... wooohooo . 
Let's all pray that < PROPFEMALE > is found and returned to her home safe and unharmed ! 
I was just reminded that my cousin is dating the mother of < PROPFEMALE > . My daughter also reminded me of a family reunion two years ago ... < PROPFEMALE > was begging me to let her hold the twins ..... so I helped her since they were so tiny .... my heart is breaking ! 
We laid our little angel < PROPFEMALE > to rest today . The whole town of Orange Park shut down .. it was amaizing to see so many people there , how many hearts were touched and the releasing of the ballons . No mother should ever go through this ! This was such a rough day .. my heart was soooo broken ... our love for < PROPFEMALE > will never rest ! We love you our little angel ! RIP 
It's Friday ... wooohooo ... Going to have a great weekend . Hubby got all the stuff for me to have a big .. cold .. Long Beach when I get home ... what a way to start my weekend ... I sure miss the bartending days ... but at least I get to have a drink when I get off work with friends ! 
Wow ... what a great day this has already been ... I want to thank all of you for the wounderful birthday wishes ... ya'll are soooo sweet ... Thank You .. ya'll are what makes this B'day so awsome ... XXOO 
Two sick babies with high fevers ... another ear infection for both ... here we go again . 
We need alot of prayers ... Ted .. my grandchildren's father is at the emergency room .. getting a CAT Scan ... they think it's either Cerebral Palsy or a tumor on the brain .. Please pray for him and my daughter .. she is sooo worried ! 
Update on Ted ... the CAT scan came back with no tumor or bleeds . They said that he has Bells Palsy and gave him some medication . They don't know how far it may progress or how long it will take to correct itself or if it will . It's a wait and see . Thank you all for your thoughts and prayers . I really think that with them ... it turned out better than what it could have been . <3 
Babies are sick again ... can't sleep ... missing my hubby ... tomarrow is a new day . 
Babies are STILL sick .. and now hubby is sick ... I am sick of everyone being sick ! 
OK ... right front tire is flat ... one < PROPFIRST > to small ... one < PROPFIRST > missing pieces ... third < PROPFIRST > frozen up ... got spare on and it's flat ... air compresser is leaking and wont put air in ... is this the sign of my week to come ? UGGGGGGGGG 
OK ... thank's to my bests friends ... my tire is plugged/fixed .. and they threw in a tighting of another tire's stem for good measure to prevent a second flat ... Maybe this week will be better than I thought ... Thanks < PROPMALE > , Ric , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! I don't know what I would do without you guys ! 
< PROPFIRST > has a hearing test this morning .... now if I can get him there on time ??? Traffic ... traffic ... traffic ... I hate morning traffic ! And how the heck are they going to be able to keep a two year old still long enough to do that is beyond me .. this will be interesting ! 
< PROPFIRST > did great with the hearing test . The lady was sooo nice and helpful ! She had him sit on my lap in a closed room while she played sounds at different volumes . He responded to them by turning and looking for the sounds ... got a little cranky at the end with being closed up in that little room .. but it went well and he passed ! So now we know that he hears us ... he's just ignoring us ! LOL 
Day three of this week and babies are still well ... thanks for pushing that button < PROPFEMALE > ! LOL 
I don't get it .. some nights I can't get to sleep until 4 or 5 in the morning ... and tonight ... I can't keep my eyes open ... no matter what . Going to sleepy town ... good night all ! 
OK ... my newest dilemma ... 2 two year olds ... one with Autism ... and a Christmas Tree ... do I dare try it this year ? 
THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING . Let's see how honest FB friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if i have 20 brave friends who will do this . Ok < PROPFEMALE > your turn lol 
WooHooo .. got a wild hair yesterday .. took twins to tree lot and got a Christmas Tree ... got home .. put < PROPFIRST > in highchair with fries until I got the lights on and ribbon .. He is doing good ... we might try some decorations today ... but up high . A little at a time ... so far so good ... he has only licked the tree a couple of times ... and loves to smell it . Autism and a Christmas tree is a whole new ballgame ! 
Had a great Christmas .. hope everyone else did also ! Summer was running a 103.8 fever the night before Christmas < PROPFEMALE > but it went as fast as it came .... but ... she got me soooo sick ... missed work today ... gotta go in tomarrow ... have clients scheduled ... or I would stay home ! 
Why ???? I wish you would have come to me ... we could have talked and I could have shown you how much you have touched other peoples lives ... then maybe you wouldn't have taken your life ... My heart is broken ... you were always there for me .. why wouldn't you let me be there for you ?.... RIP Wild < PROPMALE > 
Well ... been up all night .. can't sleep ... I hate this ... in for a very long day ! 
It's bad enough that I must wake these beautiful sleeping babies .. I must also take them out in this cold weather ... this stinks ! They are not going to be happy ... at all ! 
Black ! 
Can anyone explain why .. I check FDLE monthly for sex preds in the area .. and nothing for miles .. then all of a sudden everyone gets a notice of one down the road ... yet neighbors say he has been living down the road for about a year now ... what's up with that < PROPMALE > County Sheriffs Office and FDLE ? 
Don’t Steal ! The government doesn’t like competition ! 
Going to the OP skating rink at 7:30 for a skating reunion ... then over to Whiskey River to see some old Crazy Horse friends ... what a great night this is going to be ! 
Time has gone by so fast .. and through the years we have lost touch with dear friends ... but when we get to see them again after so much time has passed and we still feel that special friendship .. that is a wounderful feeling . 
OK .. a part of my road is almost like a small pond ... almost had to lock the truck in 4X4 just to get out of the neighborhood ... water knee to mid thigh deep ( and that's on the sides .. hate to see how deep in the middle ) ... 15 feet wide and 15 feet across ... that's the MUD LIFE for ya ! 
NOT COOL .... Jason called .. wants me to go up to Blanding to get him ... his truck wont make it ... Michelle ... if I get stuck ... I am calling you ... you need to pick up his butt ... bring him to the pond ... and make him hook up my truck .. and you stay in yours .. cause it will be his fault ... ( it's really the rains fault but I gotta make him feel a little bad ) maybe I will get a good kiss up present for Valentines . LOL 
OK ... Jason went through the neighbors property last night . Almost got stuck that way then almost got stuck in our yard . Since 7:00 a.m. he's been digging a ditch headed to the neighbors , then to the pond in the the road . It's going to take him all day . I would help but , can't leave the twins in the house . Can you tell I am so disappointed . LOL NOT , it's cold out there , not to mention that his feet are prob . soaked . 
Well , the twins daycare is closed today ... so , I can't go to work . I am tired of cleaning the house ! Need to do something fun today out of the house with the twins . Maybe go to the OP mall to walk around and then to Argyle's McDonald .. they have a play area inside . What is everyone doing today ? 
Well , < PROPFIRST > has been running a fever between 103.2 and 104.0 .... took to the docs today and he is on some strong meds ! I hope I can get this fever to stay down ... or it's off to the hospital . Was up all night last night and guess I am doing it again tonight .. My heart breaks when my babies are so sick ! 
< PROPFIRST > can't keep the gatoraid down ... his meds down .. and wont even do a popsicle ... his whole body is red ... Aunt Shell is comming to the rescue ! 
Got a little sleep from 2- 3:30 am .. gave < PROPFIRST > more fever meds at 4 ... still has a high fever .. up and down ... just made another pot of coffee ... calling in to work ... my poor sweetheart is so sick ! 
< PROPFIRST > wanted me to send out a BIG Thank You and I LOVE YOU to his Aunt Shell ... he said that she made his sick time not so bad with the gummy Life Savers .... and how blessed our family is to have her in our lives ... we love you ! 
< PROPFIRST > kept down some dry Froot Loops ... but wont take the med ... this is going to be a all day battle to get one dose down ... and then a wait and see if he even keeps it down ... UGGG ... out of electrolyte ... and cigs ... this is going to be such a long day ! 
Well , < PROPFIRST>'s fever got up to 105.1 at 4:00 p.m. Rushed him up to the docs - they gave him two shots of the same thing and we had to wait to see if he would have a reaction before we could come home . Just sat down with Summer to grab a fast bite and what do ya know ... Summer is now running a fever ... I GIVE UP !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Babies have meds ... fevers are under semi-control ... they are asleep ... I am crashing .... between them .... Good Night All ... and Thank You to all that have sent prayers for < PROPFIRST > ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s fever is pretty much gone ... able to keep meds down ... now if I can get Summer's fever under control ... we will be on the road to healthy ! 
Geezzz ... the twins made it to daycare today and I made it to work ! WoooHooo ... I feel like I ran into a brick wall ... I think my body has let go of days worth of stress and worry .. and I am feeling it now ! Good night all .. and thank you again for all of your prayers !!!!! 
Got outside a little today and planted some tomato's , < PROPFEMALE > pepper , melons , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and other stuff ... hope it all takes .. there is nothing like a home grown mater ! 
Going up to WalMart to get Sum-Sum some big girl undies .. we are going to start trying the potty training ... this is going to be a mess ! Gotta get them out of the house ! We are getting cabin fever . 
OK .. got home with the new undies for Summer to try .. she was < PROPFEMALE > excited .. until she realized that the diaper was gone .. pitched a fit until I put the diaper back on and then she put the undies over the diaper ... she is missing the concept ... this is going to be harder than I thought ! 
Sum-Sum used the potty for the first time ... WOOHOO 
Been here and there , done this and that , Trying to become a better person one day at a time . I still make mistakes .. never claimed to be perfect , I am always learning . I see myself as work in progress . I think I will be done when I am about 90 .. LOL I love my life , my children , my husband and friends . The older you get the more you become you and not what others think you should be . 
Sum-Sum went potty in the chair twice in the last hour ... wow .. this might not be so hard or as messy as I thought ! WOOP WOOP 
Oh great ... is this a sign of how my day is going to go ? I have been up since 4:00 a.m. with the bigest migraine ... coffee comming and two Excedrin Migraine's .. I hope it works ... there is nothing worse than working with a migraine ! 
Upside down ... inside out ... going backward in drive ..... done . 
Apparently I have been < PROPMALE > since the 18th .... but with all of the fog in my life .... I didn’t even know that I took a step . 
Finally .. our little angel < PROPFEMALE > can rest in peace ! We miss and love you so much baby girl ! We will talk to you every night in our prayers .. look over us until we see you again ! RIP baby ! 
One day at a time ... walking through a fog ... missing my boy Tyler ... babies are growing sooo fast ... troubled waters ... day by day ... that's all I can say ! 
Made baby chicks and < PROPFEMALE > cupcakes for the twins daycare Easter party today , everyone was in awww , stopped at my usual place to get coffee and began to show the ladies there the pictures ... they loved them sooo much that I got two orders for a dozen each , I think I should open a cupcake shop with novelty cupcakes , they are so much fun to make .. and more fun to see peoples reactions . Will get pictures up soon . 
Well , the two dozen chicks and < PROPFEMALE > cupcakes have been filled and they loved them . While they were looking at them three customers came in .. saw them ... and wanted them ... offered money on the spot for them .. I need to set up a store .. any investors ? LOL 
Wow ... I just looked up at my picture board above my desk and saw my grandbaby < PROPFEMALE > with her mommy and just realized how much she has grown . I love you baby girl ! <3 
The office is sooo quiet today ... the calm before the storm ?? Kaileigh is watching my two with her two for a total of 4 all 2 and under .. LOL ... she's prob . pulling her hair out by now . Pictures of the cupcakes will be up tomarrow ... they are so cute ! Trying to get taxes done ... nothing like doing it at the last minute .. I hate tax time ! 
I am so proud of my children ... Parents teach their children right from wrong from infants to adulthood and pray that they have learned something alone the way ... Some learn harder than others .. but as long as their mistakes don't hurt others and they learn from them right away ... treat others with kindness and respect ... love God ... and are law abiding citizens ... a mother's heart flutters with pride . 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again ... I thought of you today , that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , & the days before that too . I think of you in silence , and often speak your name . All I have is memories , & a picture in a frame . Repost this if you have someone in Heaven ? 
Some people are better left unseen , unheard and ignored ! I have removed myself completely from the power struggle .. I will not participate . I know my place .. so .. I do not < PROPFEMALE > to play your power trip games . You pop on pages .. then you pop off ... please .... keep me on block ... don’t take me off block .... I don’t want to read anything that you have to say .... what so ever ... stay out of my view .. or I am going to get sick ! 
WoooHooo ... day of work at the office is over ... now time for my second job .. mommyhood .. getting babies .. going home ... making some dinner .. and cleaning the house .. when do I get my check for the mommyhood job ? LOL 
Someone that knew right from wrong and yet chose to do wrong over and over again at their own free will ... that is someone that doesn’t deserve your sympathy ! 
stole this from a friend .... life isn't about being who everyone wants you to be ... it's about being yourself and finding someone who loves every bit of it ... 
WooHoo .. it's official .. it's been filed ... now it's tick tock tick tock time ..... let's see how long it takes ... anyone taking bets ? 
Day three of a very-very bad migraine ! UGGG 
Severe stomach pains ... was it something I ate last night ? I am ready to call 911 ... Geezzz ... this is worse than labor ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s daycare just called ... he had a blowout .. now I have to go get the twins from daycare .. and he is excluded from daycare for 24 hours .. so I am gonna miss a half day today and a full day tomarrow .. loosing money .. paying for daycare that I can't use ... sometimes it's like I take two steps forward and then three steps back .. Geezz ! 
True friends can go long periods of time \ 
without speaking and never question their friendship ..... and pick up \ 
like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been . \ 
REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one . I am blessed to have \ 
many ! 
True definition of a mother ... the person who holds their children's lives together when her own is falling apart ! 
* The truth will reveal itself w/out you having to do anything * 
I might not be the most beautiful or the sexiest ... nor have the perfect body ... I might not be someone's first choice ... but i am a GREAT choice ... I dont pretend to be someone else ... cause i am to good at being ME .. I might not be proud of some of the things I've done .. but I am proud of who I am today .. take me as I am or don't take me at all !!! \ 
Copy & post this as your status if you love your life being YOU ! ? ? 
Wooo Hoooo ... we got Austin’s appointment with Hope Haven for a official diagnosis of the Autism ... then he will qualify for more help to get him on the road for recovery ! The downfall is they can’t get him in until November 15th , so now it’s the waiting game . 
This is gonna be interesting ~ Put this on your\ 
status and see how your friends respond . \If you know me well 
It's Friday ... Woo Hoo ... Hope everyone has an outstanding weekend ! 
Made baked chicken tenderloins over angel hair pasta with fresh spinach wilted , Italian tomatoes , < PROPFEMALE > oil and garlic .... yumm 
Cracker Barrel did me in ... I so don’t want to work .. I am ready for a nap ... had coffee with lunch and no help ! 
WoooHooo ... time to clock out .. get the babies ... stop and get the Quervo ... some food maybe ... then home for a little clean up and some fun ... anyone gonna come do some shots ? 
I hate this ... I have been up since 2:30 a.m. and I cannot get back to sleep . Good news though is I got some office work done .. so I am going to be ahead of the game next week . The sun is rising .. Austin will be up soon ... maybe I will make some cin . rolls from scratch .. to suprise hubby before he goes out of town . GOOD MORNING ALL ! 
Laid down with Summer to get her to take her nap ... she has been sleeping for about a hour and a half .. about to wake up .. and now < PROPFIRST > just went to sleep ... when is it my turn for a nap ? 
Let's flood FB !!!!. I pledge allegiance to\ 
the Flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which\ 
it stands : ONE Nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice\ 
for all . REPOST FOR OUR COUNTRY , OUR FLAG , AND OUT TROOPS ! Let's see how many \ < PROPFEMALE > ns\ " will repost this . " 
Summer is such a daddy's girl ... Jason popped into town for the night unexpected and Summer snuck in the bed with him and is fast asleep . I am going to be on the couch .. cause is does not matter what you do ... that child sleeps sideways ! 
Life aint always Beautiful ~ ~ ~ But it's a Beautiful ride ! 
OK ... I know I am in trouble when I grab a fork , the whole cheese cake and have a seat . I have lost the battle to resist ! 
Wow .... just saw some old pictures from the 80's when my ex-boyfriend was in a rock band and we use to < PROPFEMALE > out with another band called Leather Nunn ... boy those were the days ... I need to post some 80's pictures ... big hair and all ! 
What to feel ? I have tried to reach out through Facebook with no answer and I have called to get a \I don't know . \ " Out if sight ~ out of mind I guess . The change with physical absence was hard enough and now to top it all off ~ the absence of communication . Guess other things/people are a priority over us . </3 " 
OK .. Migraine coming on ... want to go on a trip ... away from here ... can't wait for July .. going to see family in Tampa ... booking a room on the beach ... much needed time away from everything ! 
OK .. day three of Migraine .. meds are not working .. sun .. sound .. thinking .. it's killing me .. when will it ever go away ! 
OK ... day four of Migraine .. made it to work .. but I just want to crawl under my desk and curl up in a ball in pitch black silence ! 
WhoooHooo ... ready to get off early to start the long weekend ... taking twins to Middleburg parade at 9:30 a . m .... then off to the races with Hubby ... extra day with Hubby on Sunday ... and I am off Monday ... this is going to be sooo nice ! Extra XXXOOO to my Kaileigh for watching the twins so I can go to the race ! 
Had the best time ever with Hubby at the races ! My driver < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > retired a couple of years ago ... couldn't bring myself to pick a new one ... told Hubby on the way to the races that I was leaning to Harvick as my new driver ... after that race .. I am now a Harvick fan .. woohoo ... go 29 ! 
I am soooo lucky to have such a wounderful friend .. and her family is just as special ! Even when I can be a pain .. she's there to help me ! Thank you sooo much Shitter for being so kind to me and my family ... and most of all ... thank you for being my friend ! XXOO 
Wow .... that thunder was sooo close and sooo loud that my but left my chair I jumped so high ! 
I am so done . Tired of automated phone help , bills , nanswered questions , flying blind , concerns , stress , children with more important things , doing almost everything by myself , trying to do everything and getting nothing done , I am just sick and TIRED . Over EVERYTHING . I AM DONE . The only light I see at the end of the tunnel is .. I can't even see that anymore .. I am sooo done ! 
LARGE salad with cucks , grape tomats , thin sliced < PROPFEMALE > ham , crouts , and Raspberry Hazelnut Vinaigrette .... YUMM ... that was a good as Paners ... LOL 
What's everyone doing tonight ? Hubby is gonna watch babies so I can get a break ! WooHoo ... Let me know if anyone is doing something . 
Getting ready to go put caps and gowns on the twins ... they are having a Graduation from the two year room to the three year room .. how fast they grow .. next thing I know I will be putting them in caps and gowns for Senior Graduation ! Can't wait to see how we are going to keep the cap and gown on Austin ... we shall see ! 
God decided I needed more wisdom , understanding and < PROPFEMALE > ; so he gave me my autistic child . ( Please support Autism Awareness ! ) 
Taking a second look at some friendships ... I thought friendship took two .. there is gonna be some changes ... tired of reaching out as a friend ... and others reach out when they feel like it . My eyes have just been opened ! Ignored others opinions .. but now I think they had a point ! 
Going to bed so I can stop thinking ! Good night all ! 
Thank goodness hubby's in town a day early , at least I can get a half day of work instead of missing a whole day . Gonna stop asking others for help .. cause they can't these days , or should I say , these last months .. or has it been for the last year .. oh well . Thank you so much Kaileigh and < PROPMALE > for watching the twins yesterday , so I didn't miss all of that day of work also ! Getting things into perspective ! 
How cute ... Summer just discovered the Snap , Crack , and Pop .. while eating her Rice Krispies ... she is laughing so much .. that I starting laughing . 
Go Harvick .... Race tonight a 7:30 .. whoot whoot ! 
Headed to bed .. twins are starting their first day in the three's room .. they are growing toooooo fast ! 
This morning was good for the most part with the twins ... neither one wanted to get up .. but .. when they got to their new class room .. Austin bolted .. loved the new things .. transition was not a problem .. but Summer on the other hand .. was not looking to happy about the change .. had a sad face when I left . 
OK ... was in bed by 11 last night .. but was up at 3 and couldn't get back to sleep ! I have been doing this for months and I am sooo sick and \tired\ " of not getting a full night of sleep ! Tried Melatonin .. didn't work .. tried a couple of night caps .. didn't work ... does anyone know something that may work without using drugs ? " 
Off to get the twins before the rain pours down like yesterday ! 
Doctor bound ? Back gum swollen in back like it's gonna pop .. numb face .. swollen face ... sore jaw .. can't move jaw much .. neck gland sore ... hurts to swallow ... this sucks ! Day three and it's getting worse . Don't wanna go to doc's .. I hate going ! 
If anyone has any old < PROPMALE > DVD's that they no longer want or use .. please let me know ... Summer and < PROPFIRST > just discovered < PROPMALE > and they love him . I would love to take them off your hands ! Message me if you want to give any away ! A extra thanks to anyone that does ! 
Not only did I stop and actually eat lunch .. I ate half the bag of Chex Mix with a large Green Tea ... My eating habits are soooo bad ! Usually one meal a day .. \dinner\ " ... and when I do splurge ... look what I go and do ! " 
Whooo ... Hoooo ... Saturday can't come soon enough ... getting \my\ " ride and back to AC ... broken AC in a vehicle in Sept . and two hot babies just don't mix ! Sending out some special <3 to my dear friends that help me on Sunday and for finding me such a GREAT DEAL ... don't know what I would have done without ya'll! " 
Just ate a big bowl of my homemade baked potato soup ..... now I am gonna start the ice cream maker for some homemade choc ice cream .... Yummm 
Please ... join Bring < PROPMALE > Home ! This is about a local Jacksonville , Florida child screaming for help . This story will be on the news tonight ! This child needs justice and a voice ! 
Wow ... it just hit me that the twins are turning three ( 3 ) on Sunday . They are growing wayyy toooo fastttt ! 
Well ... off of facebook I must goo ... I gotta get some work done today ! Come on Friday ! 
Please everyone remember to go to www.bringjaredhome.com in order to make a donation to help with the legal costs to bring < PROPMALE > home . Every dollar counts . This little boy wants to come home . We all love you < PROPMALE > !! 
Please .. Please ... Please everyone watch \Inside Edition\ " tonight at 7:00 ... www.bringjaredhome.com " 
Attention to all Surfers out there ... please go check out Surfers for Autism ... take what you love to do .. share it with a child ... and see the love , happiness and changes .. and just think ... because you shared something you love with a child .. you helped a special child ! 
I think I am gonna head up to the Wells Rd . Horse to do some dancing ! 
Migraine on right side behind my eye ... UGGG ... and if history repeats itself .. it will move to both sides in a matter of a hour or two and I will have it for at least three or four days ... I am not a happy camper ! 
PROMISE TO MY CHILD : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound ... all because ? I LOVE YOU ! When you understand that , I will know you are a responsible adult . You will ... never find someone who loves you & cares about you more than your mom ! Copy and paste this if you are a ? MOM ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s first day of County school ... he had a melt down ... when I was leaving .. I had a melt down ... Summer thinks we are both crazy ! 
Much better day today ... got up on time ... got < PROPFIRST > to school with a little melt down ... no melt down for me ... and Summer is happy that everyone is back to norm ! 
Been off the Net for a couple of months ... just popped on from a friends house to see my < PROPFEMALE > and what's been going on .... WOW ... I am sooooo blessed to have so many special friends and family ... Thank you all for the Birthday wishes .... my heart is full because I am sooo blessed ! 
I speak up to let someone know that I am upset because someone that has dumped on them time after time seems to come first ... and yes ... I have always been there , but I guess when I speak up and express my feelings .. which I never do ... my personal family issues of the past are put out there ... yet of all the times I have been hurt .. I have never put yours out there . I see how this works ! Guess it's all about you as usual ! 
Went down the road to check our mail and our key lock on the mail box has been busted off . I knew someone was messing with our mail and now it's confirmed ! Getting a P.O. Box because some people are dirt bags ! 
Loving my life , family , friends , little ones , being a \stay-at-home mom and much more ! With every struggle ... I am getting stronger .... and loving it ! Gonna make some coffee ... kiss and snuggle on my little ones all day ... maybe some house work ... then off to see the Middleburg Christmas Lights Parade . I am sooooo : 0 ) !! " 
Coffee ... check .... kisses and hugs from little ones ... check .... house work ... next .... then off for some fun .... : 0 ) For some reason .... today has and continues to be a great day ! 
Meatloaf , home made mashed potatos and cooked carrots and for a sweet finish ... sweet potato w/brown sugar .. butter ... french < PROPFIRST > marshmellows .... then off to the parade .... : 0 ) 
Change\ 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The \ 
goal ? Not to see any human faces on FB until Monday , Dec 6 . Join the \ 
fight against child abuse ! Copy and paste on your status to invite your \ 
friends to do the same . 
It's way to cold outside ! I do not like cold weather ! Wish we could move further south ! Fire place has been going for days , we just need to get our Christmas Tree and the house will seem more like the holidays ! 
Hubby's asleep .... twins asleep .... me .. NOT .... I hate this ! 
OK .... I can't take this .... I am gonna lay down and force myself to go to sleep ... LOL ... wishful thinking ! Good Night Facebook and friends ... see ya in a couple of hours . 
Had the best morning ... fell asleep last night by the fireplace and woke up this morning with a warm fire that hubby kept going for us and a little one snuggled up to me on each side ... that was better than coffee this morning ! Guess the twins and I are going to venture out into the cold today :o [ Gotta get out sometime ... I hate winter and coldness ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s been cutting trees to keep up with the fireplace . At this rate ... we might have 6 acres cleared by the end of this winter ... LOL 
Need some sleep ... doing Christmas sugar cookies with Summer ~ Lynn & < PROPFIRST > tomarrow ... lets see how many we can save for < PROPFEMALE > and not eat .... might be putting up a tree tomarrow night ... and the decor will start about 6 inches above < PROPFIRST>'s reach ... LOL 
< PROPFIRST > was up around 5 this morning ... don't know for how long before he woke me and the rest of the house up ... but long enough to take the guts of his pillow out and make it look like snow in the house ... ugghh ... cleaning already this morning ... thanks little man ! 
Wow .. it's 9:15 a.m. and it looks like it's 6:00 p.m. outside . They say there may be snow flurries tonight ... in Florida ... really ... not cool ... but the kids would love it ! 
OK ... that was down-right wrong ! The kids would not eat their Boston Cream Toaster Strudels .... so of course .... thinking about all of the children that have little to no food in other countries .... I just had to eat them ! Gonna gain weight before Christmas ... not good ! 
We got the Christmas tree in the house last night . Put lights in it so far .... and already < PROPFIRST > has taken them off about 10 times . I hope the newness wears off soon ... then maybe we can try some decor on it ... we shall see . 
Beer 
Well ... the Christmas tree with lights on it only ... has been knocked over about 6 times since yesterday by \Taz\ " ... good thing it has no decor on it yet ... that would have been a bigger mess ... the neddles are bad enough ... keeping vac close to tree . " 
Making some White Chocolate Peppermint Bark and then some Peanut Butter Swirl Brownies ... Yummo ... going to do two a night up to Christmas Eve ... wounder what's gonna be next . 
Today Summer ~ Lynn and I are going to make some Chocolate-Nut Fingers and Cream Cheese Spritz cookies in different shapes with my cookie press that I have not used in 4 or 5 years ... she is going to love it . < PROPFIRST>'s job today is to help Summer ~ Lynn eat them ... LOL 
Getting the twins up and ready to see < PROPFEMALE > \Ryno\ " ... gotta wrap a gift for them to open from < PROPFEMALE > ... then off to do a little Christmas shopping and food shopping . This is going to be a good day ... starting to look forward to Christmas now that some of the stress has been lifted . " 
Summer has a doc appointment at noon ... then back home to make some fudge , choc covered prez , trail mix ... and much more ... yummo 
Drinking my HOT Coffee .... and thinking how lucky the twins and I are ... we don't have to get out in this crazy cold weather today ! 
Thank You can't express how blessed my family is to have < PROPFIRST > Heinrich as part of our family ! More than a dear friend ... he is family ! To have someone with such a big , kind , loving heart ... and much more ... in my life is truely the best gift I could have ever been given ! Much love to such a very special person ! <3 
UGG .... gotta go out in this COLD weather this morning ... Sum~Sum's fav teacher from her old daycare called and wants to spend the day with her . Sum ~ Sum is sooo excited .... it's gonna be good for her ... but .. uggg .... I don't want to go outside ! Gonna drop off some homemade tater salid to my bestest after . : 0 ) 
? *¨¨* • ??? *• . ¸ ¸¸ . • *¨¨* • ??? *•* ¨¨*• ? ? \ 
??? H ? A ? P ? P ? Y ??? 2 ? 0 ? 1 ? 1 ??? \ 
? *¨¨* • ??? *• . ¸ ¸¸ . • *¨¨* • ??? *•* ¨¨*• ? ? 
Taking two three year olds to the dentist today for the first time .... oh .. this should be fun ! I can see it now ... \Taz\ " is going to bite and Sum ~ Sum is going to cry her eyes out ! I sooooo don't want to do this ! " 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a -itch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months ( or even years ) apart . They love you ... for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They know who they are !!! 
The dentist gave me a referral for another dentist for the twins . When I saw who it was .. I said “no way .. not taking them there .. that man was rude when I took my 21 & 18 yr olds 14 years ago” .. they gave me a look .... then asked again how old the twins were ... I said 3 ... then I got more looks ... NO they are not my grand kids & YES people ... I know I am crazy ! LOL 
Aww .. my heart just melted .... \Taz\ " just woke up ... ran over and gave me some good eye contact and a big - sweet smile . Autism may have taken your language ... but you still speak ... that was a good morning .... and I hear you ! I love my < PROPFIRST >!" 
<----- is still sick ... wish I could kick this ... but it keeps kicking back ! : 0 ( 
Wow ... I was insulted today ... and it was done in such a nice manner that I didn’t even realize the insult had been said until after the conversation had ended . 
I have a home made Chocolate-Coffee Cheesecake in the oven --- YUMMO . < PROPFIRST > Mericle & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Keller need to get here before it's gone ! 
Austin-Cinnamon Toast Crunch ( dry ) ... Summer ~ Lynn-Lucky Charms ( wet ) ... and she's blowing bubbles in it .. making a mess ! It's soooo funny how they are so different ! 
Oh .. NO ... the twins found the bag of Papa Johns Blue Cotton < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > s hands and mouth are blue ... and Summer is right behind < PROPFIRST > with the mess . Did I mention we are headed over to Sidders house when they get done ! LOL 
Milky Way cake is out of the oven and cooling ... now to make the Chocolate-Marshmallow frosting ... the house smells ... soooo .... YUMMO ! 
Tortellini Rose ' ... homemade garlic bread and a salid .... can't wait to finish and taste ! 
Black Beans soaking for the Chimichurris I am making tomarrow night ! First time making them homemade ... hope all goes well ... any hints ? 
Green Bay VS The Bears .... HUMMM Wounder who < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is going for ? 
Love and Friendship is about people bending ... not breaking ! 
Waiting for the Excedrin Migraine to start working so I can get up to Winn < PROPFEMALE > before the rain comes down . I sooooo don't want to deal with a certain person in the Pharmacy ! She is rude and I am gonna loose it if she starts her crap today ! 
Summer ~ Lynn just got her very first < PROPFEMALE > from Uncle < PROPFIRST > Heinrich . I was trying to show Summer how her legs bend and she said .... no .. no mommy ... you break her .. be careful .. and took her away from me : 0 ( .... she want let me play ! 
Hubby is soooo funny and he doesn't even realize it ! He works for Papa < PROPFIRST > Peanuts ... so .. I called and said \hey ... what cha doing ? \ " ... and he answered .. \ " nothing .. just slinging nuts\ " ... I busted out laughing ! " 
Thought Summer wanted chicken nuggets , made them . She sees them-melt down ! I say show me-she gets cheesecake . I tell her to wait while I < PROPMALE > a naked child with a diaper . All of a sudden I hear \oh man .. mess\ " ... she dumped the whole cheesecake on her feet . Gotta love little ones ! " 
Oh great ... just got twins out of the bath ... snuggled them up in blankets to get warm while I cleaned up bathroom . Came out to find them both asleep ... at 6:00 p.m. and they wont wake up ... that means they won't go to bed tonight until 1 or 2 a . m .... not cool ! 
< PROPFIRST > Moore < PROPMALE > needs to get my P90X done so I can start .... the Jacksonville Lingerie Football League is coming ... I need to get ready to play ! LOL 
< PROPFEMALE > L . < PROPFIRST > Sidders ---> < PROPFIRST > is doing the squeeky gate sound right now .. waits ... and then ( s)he is saying ( in < PROPFIRST>'s voice ) ..... Fking bird ! LOL 
Good night Friends & Family ... gotta get the twins to bed ( due to a late nap ) so we can go to the Mall tomarrow ! Hope everyone has sweet dreams and a great day tomarrow ! 
I hate this weather ... now I have to take the twins to the store in this wet-rainy-crappy weather ... and you know it's gonna pour down rain ... just as I am getting them out of and putting them in the car ... never fails ! 
I need a jersey that is half Steelers for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s team and half Green Bay for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s team ! I like them both ... so I am torn on who to root for on this game ! Hummm ..... what to do ??? 
We need to build < PROPFIRST > \Taz\ " one of those walls you can climb ... cause he is like Spider Man .... with zero fear ! " 
Soooo ready to \get out of dodge\ " and \ " hit the road\ " .... I feel a road trip to no where and anywhere is in order ! " 
It's been raining for days . Taz plays outside everyday from the time his eyes open until the sun goes down . Taz is not understanding that rain means he can't go outside ... so we are having daily meltdowns . This weather needs to get better very soon or I am going to have a meltdown with Taz ! 
I left a BIG bag of ceral open on the counter just in case \Taz\ " wanted more ... well ... I guess he did ... while in his room cleaning ... I hear something being dumped ... go into the living room to find the whole bag all over the floor ! My bad ... and another mess to clean ... never ending ! " 
Had one of the best weekends with Kaileigh Mericle , < PROPFIRST > Mericle , Ted Glisson Jr. , Hubby , < PROPFEMALE > , Daulton and the twins ... my kids and grandkids ! I sooo love having my family here with me .... just wish we had < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Keller here also .... that would have made it complete ! Great food , fun and games ... hooked on the XBox Knx ... that was a blast ! 
I am sooo MAD at Kaileigh Mericle and < PROPMALE > Glisson Jr. ! They got us sooooo hooked on the XBox Knx ...... lets just say ... Austin , Summer , < PROPFEMALE > and Daulton will now be playing Kinectimals at the house ... Thanx Guys ! ; 0 ) ~ 
Bad migraine ... Excedrin is not helping ... and my L5 that I had fixed ... I think is malfunctioning ... can hardly walk ... PAIN-Lots of Pain ..... this is not going to be a fun day ! 
OK ... I am going to lay back down in my bed ... close my eyes ... open them ... and the rest of this day is going to be wounderful ! Man ... I hope that works !!!!!!!!!!! 
All I can say is ..... O ... M ... G ! 
The Captain is ordering me to climb aboard ..... Yes Sir ... right away Sir !!! 
Fleetwood < PROPMALE > turned up high .... cleaning this house like a MAD woman ! 
Baked garlic chicken , rice and corn .... smells soooo good .... if only my stomach would let me enjoy ! : 0 ( Summer ate it up ... Taz took one look and ran . 
Not gonna keep talking about it .... just gonna do it .... ROAD TRIP ! Sooooooooooooo need to get away !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : 0 ( 
Sleeping ... and all of a sudden I get a wack in the eye at 3:30 a.m. Taz went from 0 to 100 in 1.2 seconds and is not slowing down and it's now 6:00 a . m .... coffee made .. think I am going to get started on some homemade cinn buns . 
Go figure ..... Summer just woke up and Taz just went back to sleep ... running on three hours of sleep .... what's new ? 
The problem with hearing one side .... is the person telling it will only tell you the side that makes them look the best or like the victim ... that's why they call it one side ! 
Well boy is out of the race .... it's on DVR .... going outside to get some sun and watch the rest later ! 
Fell asleep with the twins .... got about three hours ... and now I am up and can't go back to sleep .... UGGGGG .... I think my body has gotten so use to running on tired and doesn't know any different : 0 / 
Things to do ... places to go .... my life keeps running me ! 
A couple of hours outside ... fun in the sun ... now shower for me ... bath for twins ... off to run around ... and gonna pick up some sushi for me and something else for the twins .... this has been such a peaceful day ... and I am loving every second of it ! 
Taking some time for me ... and it feels soooo good ! 
Can't wait ... making plans to visit and maybe stay the weekend with my Minchew family ... I love and miss the old days .... gonna have sooo much fun ! Looking forward to living and not just going through the motions ! 
I love this movie ... Fly Away Home .... I think Summer will like it if I can get her up .... it's gonna be a late night ... she fell asleep in the car ... so there is no getting that girl up until she is ready ! 
We shall see ... with time ... we shall see ..... someone has a lot of work in front of them ....... not going to be the same ..... there WILL be changes ...... I found my strength once again and I am not letting go this time ! 
Another beautiful day outside .... going to soak it up .... didn't get my sushi yesterday since Summer fell asleep in the car ... was not about to wake her up ... maybe I can get some tonight ... we shall see what today brings . 
Gotta Love It .... Summer helps me put wet clothes in the dryer ... and she puts the clean silverware away all by herself ... and all she wants in return is watermelon .... I like this ... watermelon payment instead of cash .... hope it lasts ! 
OMG .... Summer & < PROPFIRST > found my puzzles ....... now I have about 6 ( 6,000 ) puzzles ... all over my bedroom floor mixed together ..... this is going to be fun ! 
Taz does not make a good snuggle/sleeping buddy .... I guess sometime through this night .... Taz took his diaper off .... I didn't know until I got a rude/wet awakening ! 
Trying to learn the basic steps to the XBox Zumba ... and that kicked my butt ... don't know how in the world I am actually going to be able to even do the first class .... huffing and puffing ... pouring sweat .... wow ... how out of shape am I ! 
Hello FB friends & family ... haven’t been on in days ... just did the e-file for taxes ... man .. I hate pushing that button ... I get soooo nervous every year .... I hate that feeling ! My BF “Shitters” ~ \Michelle L . < PROPFIRST > Sidders\ " makes me push that file button every year ... and laughs at me every time ! " 
WoooHoooo .... we got < PROPFIRST > ! A beautiful LARGE male black Lab ! 
Taking a taxi to < PROPFEMALE > L . < PROPFIRST > Sidders tomarrow to do a couple of loads of laundry ! : 0 ) 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE TRASHING , GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future ! 
< PROPFIRST > , our new LARGE black Lab thinks he is a poodle . If the twins make any sound when waking up he gets excited and tries to lay on them ... and give kisses . Summer said ... \ < PROPFIRST > -get down-to big-heavy-squishing me\ " . < PROPFIRST > has no clue just how big and heavy he is ... but he is such a baby . He WAS a neighbors . Neglected and starved-left outside during this whole winter with no shelter . Now he wont leave our side ! " 
Had a wonderful time on my date with my hubby last night . My beautiful niece Anondi < PROPMALE > and her friend did a great job watching the twins for us ... thank you baby girl ! We soooo needed some get away time ! I have learned through the years ... it's not about quantity ... it's about quality ! 
OK ... I am soooo ready to put the twins back to bed ! They both woke up in a foul mood ... and I am in a good mood .... that's turning bad ... not cool ! They get little sleep-in a good mood ... they get normal sleep-in a bad mood ... what is wrong with this picture ? 
I can't watch Nascar .. Summer wants to watch UP for the 1,000 th time today ... thank goodness for DVR ! 
Taz learned how to climb the playground wall . Thank God I was on the porch ! Saw that he was out before he hit the road . I jumped the wall & ran faster than I have ever before ! Can't wait until my dear friend < PROPFIRST > Heinrich & crew replace the wall with a 6ft . fence . Making it Ft . Knox so I can stop going into instant panic mode w/a 1,000 volt of nerves hitting me all at once ! 
Had a dream this morning that woke me up crying ... I hate those ... why does the mind do that to you ... and when things in life are going so well ? 
Getting a quote for building material from 84lumber to build a fenced in area for < PROPFIRST>'s safety ... I hope they don't send me a price shock ... not going to get my hopes up too high ... scared to see what they say ! 
Purchased all the building material for our Ft . Knox fenced in playground area from Homedepot .... $ 1,080 . 00 later .... this better keep Taz in ! Now to get it built ... UGGG ! 
WooHoo my dear friend < PROPFIRST > Heinrich & < PROPFIRST > got one whole side of the fence done ! It looks amaizing ! Returning tomarrow to do some more ... they may be able to get it all done tomarrow and then Taz can try it out ... and mom can relax knowing he is safe ! 
As Summer ~ Lynn put it this morning \Good Norning\ " ! I love this age when they talk so much but say some things wrong ... to cute ! " 
Looking at other outlets so I can get my car fixed ... been broke for over a week ... then off to look at washers ..... been broke for days .... but on the bright side ... the fence should be done today ... and \Taz\ " will be safe ! " 
Thank you soooo much to my two angels < PROPFIRST > Heinrich & George ... the fence is done and looks great .... Taz & Summer love it ... and I am sooo blessed that they heard the fear of panic for Taz's safety ... and was there to help the next day ! God Bless ya'll! 
You know ... I just noticed ... my phone not only works to make phone calls to friends ... but also works to receive phone calls from friends ... just saying ! : 0 ) 
Poor Summer ... she found the only fire ant hill that was right next to a tree in the whole new play area ... wow ... they ate her up soooo fast ! Summer was up crying that the bites hurt about every hour last night ... I wish this Calomine would last longer ! Poor baby girl ! : 0 ( 
Gonna try and get a sitter so I can go see all of my TP friends at the mini reunion on Sat .! Missed the last one ... but saw the pictures ... I think there is fun to be had ... LOL 
I had so much fun last night at the mini TP reunion ~ loved seeing everyone ! 
UGG ... Summer screaming ... MOMMY ... run to find a fire ant on her arm . Bleach ... neg .. Boric Acid .. neg .. Amdro .. neg .. grits ... neg ... burning ... we shall see ... I think I need a pro ... Dean Letendre ... to save us ! I am so over these fire ants !!!!! 
Summer didn't want ceral or pancakes for breakfast .... no ... she wanted Pistachios .. didn't think she would like them ... so instead of a fuss .... I gave them to her ... she loved them and ate half the bag ... well ... that back fired ! 
\Taz\ " has been in melt-down mode for the last 20 mins .... even a snack cake didn't help .... I think I need to get on the ship with the Captin ! Ahoy ... LOL " 
Well ... \Taz\ " s\ " melt-down has stopped ... found him passed out in the middle of his bedroom floor ... picked him up to put him in his bed ... and lets just say .... I found the snack cake ... it was between him and the floor ... what a mess ! " 
Good morning FB friends and family .... what a < PROPFEMALE > utiful day it's going to be ... a repeat of yesterday I hope ! Looking forward to spending time with my older children and grandchildren soon ... I miss them everyday ! The twins are having a blast in the new play area ... should have done the fence a long time ago .. then maybe I wouldn't have so many grey hairs now ... LOL 
AH-CHOO !!!! ........? (-???•?) ?....... If you're allergic to bullcrap , drama queens , head games , liars , and 2 faced gossipy people , keep this sneeze going ... I can't wait to see who'll re-post it ! 
Please join me in remembering YET ANOTHER great icon of the entertainment community . The Pillsbury Dough boy died yesterday of a yeast infection and trauma complications from repeated pokes to the belly . He was 71 . Dough boy was survived by his wife Play Dough , three children , < PROPFIRST > Dough , < PROPFEMALE > Dough , and Dosey Dough , plus they had one in the Oven . The Funeral was held at 3:50 for 30 minutes . 
Making homemade chicken and dumplings .... YUMMOO ... Summer will eat the chicken and “Taz” will eat the dumplings ... so it’s a win ... win .. dinner ! 
I can't believe my < PROPFIRST > is going to be 19 on Friday ... wow ... he has grown to be such a handsome , loving , smart and just down-right amazing son ! God gave me such a special gift when he gave me < PROPFIRST > ! My <3 melts because I was picked to be his mom ! 
I think we need to build \Taz\ " a rock climbing wall .... that boy thinks EVERYTHING should be climbed .... and it is driving me CRAZY today ! He has no concept of fear or danger .... so ... my nerves are on high alert ! Maybe I could put 30 pound weights on each ankle ... to keep him on the ground ... LOL " 
Thinking about my brother < PROPFIRST > today ... all the fun we had ... and sibling fights ... even though we didn't speak all the time ... I hope you knew how much you ment to me ! It's < PROPFIRST>'s Birthday today and I miss him ! RIP & Happy Birthday Dear Brother ! <3 
Oh Great !... Rainy days are not good days here ! “Taz” has a very strict “Autism” schedule with outside time ... and when it rains and he can’t go outside ... it’s meltdown day ... because his schedule has been turned upside down ! This is going to be a interesting day ! 
Had one of the best weekends with my children , grandchildren and hubby ! < PROPFIRST>'s Birthday , < PROPMALE > County Fair , Playing in the rain ... and much more ! Don't want the weekend to end ! Wish I could have them all back in Middleburg to stay ! 
