I just joined Facebook ...... awww I have no friends .... lol 

After joining facebook I friend requested so many people who I haven't spoken to in almost 8 years , lots of memories 
I went to chipotle .... on my way home I thought my engine was about to blow up .... I was rocking side to side , but then i noticedso were all the other cars .... then i was like ohhhhhh holiday earthshaking 
Driving a < PROPMALE > car in the kind of traffic we Californians face is an exercise in extreme < PROPFEMALE > and bitter frustration 
Good guys wear black 
Just made reservations for the Wynn in Vegas May 14th-16th .... woot 1 year wedding anniversary 
Breaking Bad is like a gritty , almost grown up version of Weeds . 
1 win in the books thanks to stifling team defense , 15 more to go and we got another NBA title . LETS GET IT LAKERS !! 
the hottest thing a girl can say to a guy who cooks : \i didnt know there was such a thing as too much garlic \"" 
there seems to be some sick phenomenon happening .... not only are guys wearing oober skinny jeans but they sag them exposing about 2/3's of some untastelful unders ..... wtf ? 
I don't really have a problem with the new Arizona immigration law . I never leave my house without my drivers license and I dont mind getting the extra screening at the airport cuz I'm brown . Thats life . 
I have officially been married for ONE YEAR .... woot \ 
Q : How will you celebrate ? \ 
A : Vegas Baby ! 
i just googled my tattoo artists name and it turns out Opie Oritiz has done work for Sublime's album covers , a ton of murals in Long Beach , sings for the Long Beach Dub All Stars , and is kind of a big deal ....... I just liked his portfolio ..... that works 
EAT IT BOSTON !!!!! 
YAY !!! Go CHI-SOX 10 in a row !!! 
Weee ! Free money ! Just got a 2K scholarship from California Math/Science Initiative for future educators 
So I just bought a MacBook Pro for the teaching program and while at the Apple store I played around the Ipad . Even though I have no use for it all now that I have an Iphone , Ipod Touch , Ipod Classic a macbook and a PC ..... i totally wanted one . Im such a Naperville kid . 
One week of grad school down .... something like 55 weeks to go .... but I love it so I'm happy . 
I went to go get my tattoo retouched and ended up going over the whole thing all over again .... yay .... awkward sleep for two days 
Going to CPR regretting the some of the choices made last nite ... where's the bottled water at 
So after driving to UCSB 6 days and now driving to Murrieta to visit the fam as of tomorrow night i'll have driven about 900 < PROPMALE > this week . 
Due to the unusually high volume if great people I have met in UCSB's TEP I kinda missed being at school this weekend 
Registered for the CSET Science Subtest III : Biology/Life Sciences on September 11 ....... should be fun 
.... iiiiittttttttttsssssss preeti time !!! 
54 Months being with you , 15 months being married to you , lucky me .... HAPPY Anniversary preeti 
anyone feel nerdy enough to watch < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs The world sometime this week ? 
Dinner at Capriccio's in downtown Ventura $42\ 
88 ounces of Blue < PROPFEMALE > with Orange $30\ 
Watching the Expendables $20\ 
Forgetting I'm a grad student for a day .... Priceless\ 
thanks P 
BEARS WINNNNNN ! 
FML .... the program must be getting to me .... I thought we had technology this morning so woke up at 6 .... turns out I dont have class till 12 ..... Can't make the drive back 45 minutes so thank god for Netflix online 
daaaa BEARS ! 
Weeeeeeee !!!!! Just got results of CSET : 120 Science Subtest III , one down and one to go and then hopefully I'll be as hirable as possible being math/science combo teacher ..... november 9th ..... CSET 124 
has not been able to keep solid food down since Wednesday night .... FML 
I just finished filling out my Official California Vote-By-Mail Ballot ..... YES on 19 , < PROPFEMALE > Whitman and < PROPFEMALE > Fiorina .... thats how i voted .... oh and against anyone already in office for everything else 
The Lakers are 3-0 , I spent about 70 hours with Preeti this weekend and I am finally able to eat whatever I want . Still not sure where the food poisoning came from but am sure glad thats over . Im happy 
Just finished < PROPMALE>'s H.W. I can't really complain .... I lost one night working but can happily remember at least 20 nights I didn't do anything and went to sleep .... thats a win 
i gotta feeling ....... tonight's gonna be a good night 
To anyone who took a minute out of their lives to wish me happy birthday ... THANK YOU < PROPFEMALE > MUCH ... I don't have the best relationship with my family and the friendships I have made with y'all mean literally EVERYTHING to me .... so thanks ! \ 
Special thanks to P ... cuz she is my wife and she made my Friday dope\ 
Semi-Special thanks to < PROPFIRST > for introducing me to Washington Apple Shots .... I think I had about 7 yesterday 
As I was teaching today a group of students asked about my ring .... I told them that I am married and as I am walking out to go to my next class a girl states from her seat \I wish I was married to you Mr Q\ " ...... LOL .... the joys of middle school " 
starscream against child abuse 
THE NEWEST MEMBER OF MY FAMILY WAS BORN LAST NIGHT ! Welcome to the world \as of yet unnamed male Toy american eskimo puppy\ " . He was born in Texas and his eta is 1/20/11 . Soooo stoked right now " 
When I walked into 4th period Literacy class today I was thrown a surprise \THANK YOU\ " party and got hand made thank you cards as well as a standing O from my ELL's .... the first suprise party i've ever had done for me and it was thrown by 6th graders .... lol ... the joys of middle school " 
daaaaa bears ! 
Letter of Introduction .... done ..... syllabus .... done .... time to start making videos that cover the next 5 months of instruction .... yay !!!!! 
Was thinking today that school is still a game , but being a teacher I just changed teams 
Re : State of the Union 2011 . I am glad Obama spent time talking about education . In 139 days my fellow UCSB teacher candidates and I are going to head out into the workforce ready , eager and willing to face the challenge the future holds for the children of this country . Game-changers is what we are . 
late night working is turning in to an early morning ... 
