singing a little < PROPFEMALE > gray ... oh yeah 

life is one big annoying circle ... 
controlling yourself is easier than controlling the world around you . can i get a \hooray ! \ " for paxil ? " 
I can't handle stupid people . Like the guy who stole my $ 1,400 dollar ring . My new motto : never trust anyone . EVER 
awww food ..... mmmm . such comfort 
skipping class is a no no but falling asleep in class is worse . right ? 
halloween was awesome ! that extra hour to party was the best part . lol ! 
We have all kinds of medications to fix our problems . Tylenol for pain . Malox for indigestion . But there is nothing you can take to heal a broken heart . 
feeling slightly po'd 
its such a wonderful day ! i just woke up now at 3 ... thinking i deserved this 
its sad how people dont know what they have till its gone 
< PROPMALE > took me rollerskating last night ! it was so much fun ! I haven't been in 13 years 
all work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl 
yada yada yada blah blah blah 
im so excited i could do a jig ! my brother is moving back to kansas ! now i can keep tabs on my little emma ... YA ! 
is too tired to care .. will revive so i can enjoy my weekend off 
Sometimes you forget about the people who love you the most until your all alone 
Sitting out by a bonfire . Stars and open country . NOTHING can beat this 
< PROPFEMALE > was so cute today ! She came up to me n gave me a BIG hug n kiss . 
La-de-da ! 
Will take initiative ! 
Going on a picnic ! 
Its Saturday evening .... startn to PAR-TAY ! WOO HOO ! 
There will always be a scar 
Its a great day to be alive ! Except the cloudy weather is killn the mood ... 
Ya ! Its Friday ! Doin a jig 
< PROPFEMALE > up . Shoulders back . There ! Now im ready for work ! 
Sometimes you just feel a-l-o-n-e 
Im told you can count on only 1 hand the amount of friends you can trust in your lifetime . 
Your future looks bright . ( Fortune cookie ) 
Saturday ! And I have off ! Hmm ... what to do ? 
Lets go blow some money 
Straight up balln ! 
Has decided her life isn't as f*cked up as some people's 
Totally having awkward moment right now n just using my phone to get out of it ... 
Hungry for a nice big steak . 
Was up at 445 this morning for work . Retarded 
feeding the ducks ... 
to party ? or not to party ? that is the question 
I saw that going differently in my mind ... 
I can already feel my bed underneath me ... my eyes are heavy . Lack of sleep or the drinking game that came with the party last night ? 
With the mini < PROPFIRST > stuffed to the gills we are well on our way to Omaha . Nothing screams family bonding time more clearly 
Ummm . 
Some things were never meant to be 
Riverfest ! 
Nothing is ever as it seems 
Work could not be more boring 
Super excited bout working this evening . NOT ! 
< PROPFEMALE > does not come with old age . 
Is getting on the swings 
< PROPFEMALE > limeade time ! 
It was like a slap in the face- a punch in the gut . I didn't know what to say . Sometimes truth hurts . 
Tired but so Happy it doesn't matter how heavy my eyes are . 
Is going to make a change in her life ... 
Going rollerblading :) 
Will NOT put up with any BS today 
Trying to see thru the mess I've made .. then you came along and made everything right in my world :) 
Going to the lake tonight with my babe ! Im super excited ! 
We wouldn't worry so much about what people thought of us if we knew how little they did - Aunt < PROPFEMALE > 
So full of happiness I feel like I might burst ! 
Pain is weakness leaving the body 
Headed to wall park . Hope theirs some skateboarders 
Super excited bout this weekend ! 
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% on how you react 
Kanopolis lake are you ready for this ? 
Should I go to the wedding or not ?.... I can't decide ! 
Hanging with < PROPMALE > . 
' Content ' would be a good way of describing my feelings right now 
Wow ! Contentment doesn't last long ... LOL . now I wish I had a < PROPMALE > . This weather is just right 
Going swimming ! Woo woo 
Aunt < PROPFEMALE > is coming to visit ! This means lots of delicious food .... 
R.I.P. Butch Nightingale . You will be missed by so many 
Of course if Aunt < PROPFEMALE > is here we are having liver n onions ! Duh 
Short night .... ugh 
I can't believe How exhausted I am ... 
In the last month I have made so many new friends . I couldn't Be happier 
Shopping with < PROPMALE > n < PROPFEMALE > . Will take pix of < PROPFEMALE>'s new outfit n post on FB 
I wish I was riding in the grain truck with < PROPMALE > instead of Going to work ... this sucks 
My one day off in 7 days isn't really a day off at all . 
Super excited about the manor soft ball game today . Along with grilled hamburgers n a volleyball game following ... 
Possibly moving into my new apartment 
Good night world ... 
Finally moved into my ' new ' apartment . Thanks for all your help < PROPMALE > . Couldn't have done it without you 
Wishing I was still in bed ... 
My stomach hurts :'( 
Making monster cookies tonight with < PROPMALE > . Anticipation is mounting 
Unpacking boxes today ... loving moundridge with its quiet little streets 
How do I rate ? A flat tire 230am . 
Putting up Sweet corn ... :P 
Putting margarine on a fresh ear of sweet corn is like putting sour cream on top of pumpkin pie .. 
Not sure what to think ... ill just stop thinking . Brilliant idea ! 
O what a beautiful mornin ! O what a beautiful day ! 
If It makes you happy !... It can't be that bad !... if it makes You happy .. then why the hell are You since sad ? 
In a land far far away ... 
When I get off work at 2 . Im Going to bed . For the night 
< PROPFIRST > Doe : you still love me right ? Me : I Like the idea of loving you . 
There's gonna be a party tonight ...! 
Got offered the opportunity of a life time ! Phoenix Arizona for 6 months during the winter . Job is offering 15 an hour .. should I take it ? 
Finally got Saturday off for the Unruh reunion ! Can't wait to see my family again 
This has been one of the best Unruh reunions I've been to in a long time ! Thanks everyone that came . Im proud to call you guys MY family ! 
9 shifts in a row . Shift #1 today . Why did I do this to myself ?! 
Teach me how to Dougie 
BTW meteor shower TONIGHT ! 9PM CST 
Babababa baddd to the bone ... 
If You push the ' like ' button on this status I will personally write something that I like about you n post it on your wall 
I really really Want to go out tonight ! Haven't danced in so long ... 
Hi ho . Hi ho . Off to Work I go 
So ready for the weekend 
Every morning mercy is new 
Aunt < PROPFEMALE > n grandma are coming over today to help me unpack boxes cuz they know how bad I hate opening boxes n having spiders pop out at me . I love my family 
Going to watch THE EXPANDABLES 
In < PROPFEMALE > a French kiss is called an English kiss 
Loving life 
Ready to take a long nap . 
Never did get that nap yesterday . Or to bed early . 
Everything is perfect . That scares me ... Aunt < PROPFEMALE > always said ' if it sounds too good to be true .. it probably is ' 
Got some wheels today . All thanks to < PROPFIRST > Holdeman . He's the best car dealer ever 
I am so ready for a completely different job . Any suggestions ? Besides anything related with nursing or hospitals . 
Getting excited bout Halloween ! What to dress up this year as ???? 
Double pay ? Sure I'll work on labor day 
Get to watch my lil < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! Can't wait 
Is learning to trust more difficult then building it back up again ? 
Happy . That's all I got to say 
If I got a < PROPFEMALE > for every thought I had of you ... 
After 2pm today I will be on a 9 day vacation . I've been living n breathing for this moment for the last 2months . 
Going to Montezuma for Lindseys wedding . 
It turns out that our motel was as crappy as I feared it would be . 
You boys ready for this ? Colorado here we come ! 
Even the simplest act of kindness can make someone's day . 
Such a beautiful day ! 
Going to the zoo with < PROPFEMALE > n Aunt < PROPFEMALE > n < PROPMALE > 
Why do I have to be up ?! The sun doesn't even want to be up yet .. 
Got a flu shot today . My arm hurts :( 
Getting my hair done n taking myself out tonight to dance off the stress of work . 
Someone told me I look like < PROPFEMALE > Ried so I have now dyed my hair dark brown 
Decided I needed to smile more so when I'm old n gray my wrinkles will create a happy looking face .... 
Off to work I go . I WILL take a nap when I get off work . ( I hope ) 
Getting to work 25 < PROPFEMALE > EARLY . That's a record folks . 
< PROPFEMALE > for my thoughts ? O no , I'll sellem ' for a dollar . They're worth so much more after I'm a gonner 
My life is pathetic . I don't know what to do with myself if I'm not at work . But I dont want to be at work . 
Saturday night and I'm working a switchback ... how lame 
Haven't stayed up this late in awhile 
Eat , sleep , work , eat , sleep , work 
Good people should be glad there are bad people to help them realize their good 
Going to watch TRON in the new Imax theater tomorrow : b super excited ! 
Thankyou to everyone for the happy birthday wishes . It means a lot to me . Headed to see TRON at the new Imax theater :) 
When pigs fly 
I love my job . 
.. even white boys got to shout ! BABY GOT BACK ! 
O yeah ... Merry Christmas everyone ! 
* sigh * where's the sunshine :( 
Lovin this weather ! 
Wanting to go out tonight ... feeling bored 
Wishing for some fun ... to suddenly strike down upon me . Come on people ... its FRIDAY ! 
Got all excited about working out only to find that < PROPMALE > took the nice headphones to Arizona ! :( and left me with these prehistoric ones . Not cool . 
Going out tonight . Anyone game ? 
It took an hour and a half to get from Wichita to moundridge yesterday evening . Ridiculous . Winter sucks 
I was only mesmerized by the snow for 3 < PROPFEMALE > . Now it would be great if it would disappear 
Picked up an application for the first time in 3 years . ( I can't imagine working some place for 10+ years ) I'm so excited and nervous ! Wish me luck . 
I'm good at what I do 
Firemen are so hot . ( no pun intended ) 
Countdown begins ! < PROPFEMALE > here I come ! 
Headed to Hutchison . Can't wait to see you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPMALE > is coming home today ! Woohoo ! 
I have off this WHOLE weekend ! Shake , shake , shake your bootay ! 
Bustn out the stilletos tonight girls ! Cellll-I-br8 good times . COME ON ! 
Since everyone else is saying something bout football I guess I need to as well ? Woohoo ! Super bowl Sunday ! 
The rumors are true ... We're gonna have a baby ! :) 
If anyone has ANY ideas on how to fight nausea ... please let me know . 
Feeling way better today . Plus I get to work with all my awesome friends this evening ! : b < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Marrissa . 
You too < PROPFEMALE > . Sorry you're not feeling good tho . 
Day 1 of moving day : rearranging storage unit . 
Somedays I really hate my job . I'm not sure I'm cut out to be a nurse ... 
I love our new apartment ! 
I cried tears of happiness today . It's been 3 years since I've done that . I'm so happy with my life . 
Eggs fried in Bacon grease ( over easy ) and buttered toast . MMMMM 
Being Human ... Syfy channel . Awesome 
Nothing like reaching for the spare roll of toilet paper only to find a huge Brown Recluse spider on the roll ! Talk bout being caught with your pants down .... 
How do you relieve stress headaches . I've drank gatorade n taken tylenol over 3 hrs ago . Hot shower ... etc . anymore tips would be welcomed 
Life in the fast < PROPFIRST > . Surely make you lose your mind ! 
Just go to your happy place , < PROPFEMALE > . Happy place 
March is MS ( Multiple Sclerosis ) awareness month . I am asking if every1 could please put this as ur status for 1 hour if u , some1 u love , or som1 u know has MS 
In bed . And it feels nice . 
Yes . It is true that I have a 3 day weekend starting tomorrow . I am also smiling because of it . 
Going to work :( 
Don't be fooled . Just cuz I'm prego doesn't mean I don't want to be out gettin tipsy like the < PROPFEMALE > , but I'll just stay at home tonight . 
Just brushing it off 
Going thru the motions 
