So far 2011 looks like a great year ! 

hates not being able to find socks ... 
I love cashews . :) 
just got a new basketball ! Hoo-rah ! 
I don't know why , but the anticipation of the first day of track gives me butterflies . Strange feeling ... :) 
is amazed at how much water ends up on his clothes when he does the dishes . 
True loves kiss = trump card over everything ... 
Why does seven and half < PROPMALE > feel like it takes forever to finish ? 
If I ask if < PROPFEMALE > Montana sings a song that I hear and you reply ' No , it's Miley < PROPMALE>' I don't think I'll ever speak to you again . It's the same person !! 
is gald he doesn't have to deal with 3rd and 4th graders making fun of him all day for another year . :P 
had a good easter other than his annual chocolate < PROPFEMALE > who just happened to be deformed :) 
had a pretty long day of school because of the track meet . :P Time to do homework but don't know if I can hold a pencil ... Thanks < PROPFIRST > ... 
It's a good thing I was wearing my power balance because I almost tripped and fell when I was reaching into the stove !! 
I would like for the people that were texted by my phone during the track meet to know that I didn't have that phone in my hands !! Other than you mom , that was me ! 
I just realized something ... Fans are awesome !! 
I love when I get in the shower with my glasses on , it always makes me laugh ! 
hates it when he can smell food cooking because he can't eat it yet !! 
wishes the electricity wouldn't run away everytime the big , bad rain starts showing what it can do ... 
had to go to java jacks but I'm not complaining because there's no such thing as a bad snow cone as long as it's free !! :) 
I officially played the longest game of ' Sequence ' ever ! I think I would have been better off playing monopoly ! 
loving my day off !! :) 
My phone finally gave out . It started to get real hot and then just stopped . :( 
I wish i had a giant peach that i could ride across the ocean . :) 
Back to the good ole days of sleepin with a stuffed animal at my grandparents house ! Stupid boogey men ... :) 
Sometimes , we all need a good slap in the face . And that , my friends , is the point of a mosquito . 
I don't know what it is today but i can't seen to stop cutting myself with there darn scissors ! 
Man , I'm straight up awesome when I feel like it !! 
my favorite fire works are the ones that go boom and make colorful lights ! :) 
Well , everytime i get older i wish i was younger . Oh wel though , glad to finally be fifteen ! 
How does that even happen !!! 
I can find a way to hurt myself sliding through grass ? How do i do it ? 
At four today , my training will officially be over and i will finally be able to claim the elite title of ' professional mosquito warrior'! Behold ! :) 
just finished changing the music on his ipod since seventh grade . It was about time ! 
I just tried to find my phone so I could charge it . Sounds like something a woman would do ! :P 
I have a bed to myself ? How strange ! 
If it's the thought that counts , then i can count way higher than i realized ... 
Basketball ! Cross country ! Church ! School ? I guess ... 
I'd like to thank < PROPMALE > Avary for making this summer The Rocket Summer ! I don't know if I would've made it through my job without him ! 
Uno is obviously not a skill game ! 
I need to turn in all this paperwork the school made me fill out . Seriously ! 
After playing tennis i always think the same thing , ' Ryomo Echizen was ridiculously good!' I guess that's why he's the < PROPMALE > of tennis and i'm connor ! :P 
My challenge may be harder than I originally thought ! 
going to bed at 10 on a friday ? Why yes , that would be me ! :P 
Thank goodness for whataburger ! 
I seriously need some super glue !! :( 
I miss my ipod SO much ! :( 
wow , that was pretty soon and unexpected ! 
so excited that it's finally regionals ! 
I totally don't ' dig ' chemistry . 
The texas marching band is blowing my mind ... :O 
Waiting on results for the ACT may actually be the most stressful part of my life , so I guess I really do have a blessed life ! 
lol I totally just did that ! 
Loving robotics more and more right now ! 
In apples to apples , Bubble Gum > < PROPFEMALE > Keller ... How could this happen !! 
