Wow playing beer pong wit my pops cant believe hes letting me : D 

Confused about this facebook thing \/" 
So far still think myspace is better 
Ahh flu shot :/ 
Ok wats a poke nd wat is the purpose of em 
Shit got to do hokes hw :( 
My nips r hard :p 
#69 that rihanna song makes me hungrh :) 
My momma found my ipod :D I knew I loved her 
Fancisco Aguayo I no im ugly but wat r you 
Retreat was pretty koo feels good to finally hav my phone back :) 
Waitin for the light at the end of the tunnel :/ 
Nothing makes ur day , like a fresh cut :p 
off brand cocoa puffs r the best study food :D 
Ahh stuck on 8 for econ study guide 
Chillin need something to keep me busy ;/ 
4th days over for me , my boy < PROPFIRST > got expelled lifes a fukn bitch my last friends gone :( 
Always find random things < PROPFEMALE > I clean my room ... just found a flute from like the third grade lol 
Couldn't sleep heartbreak is a motherfucker ... 
My moms the best she brought me comfort food :) 
Just ate a 2 nd a half pound burger :) nd then I have to go eat dinner in a couple hours with < PROPFEMALE > :( 
Fighter is a dope ass movie :) 
Gaither just stepped on white vans :( hella day kill 
First Class with ms. tozlian tomorrow :D 
Whose going to the game ??? 
Feels like txting everybody :D 
Hmm always get attached to the wrong people :( 
left my charger out my moms so and my phones been dead all day :( going through txting withdrawls !! 
Do we have school tomorrow ? 
Is tomorrow odd or even ? 
Whose going to the v basketball game ? 
Do we have school tomorrow ?? 
Thanx MTV for showing such depressing videos . Can tell todays gonna b great :/ 
Ahh this hamlet paper is bullshit :( 
Todays one of those days wer u just get under the covers and watch movies til the storm clears :p 
Does anybody know < PROPFEMALE > ghosophs book reports due ?? 
New phone nd no contacts :p need some < PROPFIRST > 
What are hidden friend requests ??? 
Damm dissed ha 
Man me and my cuz bored as hell .. Whats everybody doing tonight ?? 
I get girls soaked cuz im a wetback aha - < PROPFIRST > castro 
Guess u think your above me but ive gotten better ;) 
Apparently my face goes from chink to scream mask all in one sentence of a story lol :p 
Visiting sonoma state and I definitely dont fit in here ha everyones white !!! 
Going to big hat day with the fam .. Anybody going ?? 
Whose painting the school tomorrow ?? 
Ahh mom made me take senior pics . in tower ha hella embarassing .. people were staring hard aha 
Today was great :D actually felt like a senior today * blah 
Strawberries nd orange juice :) YUM !! 
My little sister gets an answer key with her hw and she doesnt copy .. :/ what a retard lol 
Don't know what to research for ghosophs project :( :( 
Miss my little color spot ... fuck dress code :( 
Thankful that < PROPFEMALE > Gonzalez is taking me to school but does the hoe have to take forever to pick me up :( 
Fuck regret waiting to the last minute for ghosophs project .. because now im sick and can't even read cuz my heads throbbing :( fml 
I want to invent a weed condom lol :) 
Whats a good place to go for a ditch day ? 
So much is happening all at one time :\\ i can't take it 
aha man i look tore up in all my prom pics im either too cheesy or i like pissed off and i look like a chink lol all bad :p 
Prettty koo day went to the mall with < PROPFEMALE > and seen my boi lokz ha , hella missed that foo nd chilled with the cuzin for the rest of the day :) 
Dayuum crushing hard ;) 
Ahhh tired x ) learned how to play horseshoes :) so today wasnt a waste aha 
Dayuum horoscopes onpoint :) 
What times the powder puff game ? 
Whats the clap ? 
Haha the girl < PROPFIRST > showed that skinny girls can be thugs too :) lol 
Man cant believe i ate it in PE in front of everybody lol :) fml 
Whered did this wind come from lol I feel like im in Pismo :p 
GOONIES !! What What lol .. I want to do the Truffle Shuffle :) 
Proud of My Boi < PROPMALE > ... Ha he would graduate before me aha 
You Don't got say much to make me smile :) 
So I was doing my gov . Study guide with the help of my iPOD and put it in your mouth came on aha kind of took my mind off studying lol :p 
Just took my final , final aha which is good cuz I studied for days :p SIKE !!!! Ha gotta love cellphones 
I feel like today went by too quick :( im going to miss everybody :p hope everyone remembers me 
Last nite was a mess aha Grad nite was filled with gangsters and jersey shore outkasts xp it was fun while it lasted but now its time for mimis :/ 
