Forget about it being a new year its a new decade ! 

I guess its time to be apart of this facebook addiction lol . ( pics comin soon ) 
man I got some ugly toes 
has a project due Sept . 7th and hasn't started yet 
At this rate im not ganna finish Ms. Bulls project til monday 
time to knock this project out ! 
off to the hospital to see mom 
just to make sure sen1or skip day is Sept . 7th , right ? 
Tomorrow is going to be a good day 
Grandpa cooking ribs on the grill , and its almost done ! 
I don't know what my grandpa put in his BBQ but im pretty sure its illegal because I think im addicted 
Iv been to the hospital so many times this week to see my mom its starting to seem like a second home 
Braces free sence yesterday , now I got to learn how to talk right with theses retainers lol 
not ganna wear my retainer at school , makes it wierd to talk 
mom gets out the hospital today ! 
I have a feeling that tomorrow is going to be a good day 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue ;p 
I look at her , she looks at me , I look away , she looks away too ... 
Old habits are hard to break but its all worth it in the end 
I think to much , next time im just ganna go in and do it 
Trying to figure out this dang Rubix cube ! 
Can't wait til track comes , im ready to do like 5 different events lol 
Its time to man up because if I don't do it soon im ganna regret it ... 
itsa rainin ' pretty hard I must say 
Im so freaking hiper at night it dont make sence , I swear im nocturnal ! 
I have the greatest idea for a senior prank EVER !!! Im just curious how many people would streek during halftime on the last football game of the year ? 
this is confusing , feels like I ODed on cough medicine be accident then trying to figure out why the TV is so bright when I turn the lights off xD 
chocolate covered apples with caramel and ... sprinkles !! Sounds pretty good right about now . 
that nyquil really does the job of taking out the cold 
so much techno I might as well be a robot lol 
that was a good episode of Criminal Minds 
time to shave the mustache 
is aprart of something bigger than myself 
Iv taken all the cough medicine in the house over the last 3 days and im still coughing ... 
almost time to go to church ! 
finally back from church lol 
I hope what I just did does'nt make things wierd ... 
iv had de javu like 3 times today , its freaking me out 
I probly should have stayed away from the keybored today ... 
forget last comment its all good :P 
Life can be a good as you let it be 
my stocks doing good today #2 xP 
Today was a good day , so that means tomorrow can be an even better day 
This week keeps getting better and better :) 
My day does not feel comeplete when we don't talk ... 
just found like 20 packs of Orbit gum in my parents room , they holding out on me ! 
Its funny how all I have to do is change my diet and do a little exercise and I lose almost 10lbs . The human body is a funny thing . 
Monday is either going to be a good day , or a bad day . But im hoping for a good day xp 
Im so confused about what is going on bewteen us , but ill figure it out soon 
Oh crap just check the stocks game and im down -88% :/ 
All I have to say is ... \Where is Perry ? \"" 
Ganna see where things go tomorrow , so tomorrow should be a fun day ;P 
Got to love how dogs can be like 10yrs old and still act like a puppy 
Nothing like driving at night 
Hmmm ... never met anyone like you before ... 
Today is ganna be a good day 
Im feeling a connection , hopefuly there is enough spark to make it work . 
is liking where things are going ;) 
just got home from ACT's ... Someone tell me how some of the stuff in the math and science parts I never seen before lol . Everything else I felt pretty good about though . 
Im feeling productive , I should write a book or something lol 
Now with the ACT out the way only thing left is to take a trip to TN Tech and check it out . 
UFC is intense ... 
There may be a possiblility ... 
I really should stop doubting myself and go for it 
To all who know , im going for it ! 
Life is ... 
This is so ... hmmm 
Got to love it when you seem to never have homework :) 
Va prendre une pause jusqu'à ce que je dis facebook cette fille comment je me sens vraiment à son sujet ( its french ) 
Je lui < PROPFEMALE > dit permet désorm < PROPFEMALE > s de voir où il va partir d'ici ( also in French ) 
AHHhhh ... im so frustrated with myself today ! 
Why did I sleep with the fan on last night ? Now my throat is starting to hurt ! 
Tomorrow is Friday ! Hope I do what I have been meaning to do all week . 
Can't wait for 3rd period today ! 
Today was one of those \WTF did I just do ! \ " days ... " 
Really missing living in Washington state atm ... 
Flux Pavilion is a beast ! 
Dang beard won't work with me , looks like ima have to cut it down a bit lol 
Iv watched so many youtube videos today ... Yay November ! 
Red < PROPFIRST > ... 
Its wierd how I was born in < PROPMALE > , GA but Seattle , WA feels more like home than < PROPFEMALE > ever did . 
electro radio , life is good 
Who else is doing \No shave November \"?" 
A-N-G-E-R is just another word I never learned to purnounce . xD 
Strangers have the best < PROPFEMALE > 
I got some big plans , just hoping that everything will fall into place . 
How come they have handheld fan , but they don't have handheld heaters ... I need to patent that . lol 
\The weak can never forgive . Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong . \ " \ 
Everything is falling into place perfectly , now all I need to do is take a Trip up to Tennessee and check out TN Tech for my self . 
You learn soemthing new everyday , well atleast I do lol 
My left eye just started hurting for no reason , same thing happened to my leg earlier ... I think someone is trying to do some vudoo on me lol 
If you could create your own dream job in your own dream location , what would it be and where ? 
I hate the smell of itailan food ... 
Random memory : I remember when I was in 1st grade my girlfriend broke up with me without even telling me and she just started going out with another guy ... Ohh good times lol 
If I didn't know any better id say tomorrow is ganna be a good day . 
15 more days ... 
lol Like this if you ever thought I was wierd ... C'mon don't be scard ! 
My mind is running off ideas like crazy right now . I'd write all of it down but its all writen down in my head . 
Is it just me or did the text box for searching on youtube get bigger ? 
Ill be glade when \No shave November\ " is over so I can shave lol . " 
LMAO , I love collegehumor.com 
I lost something today that I can't get back ... \ 
\ 
MY PET SQUIRL !!! Dude got ran over by a car ... 
I need to go to sleep ... 
10 more days til my B-Day and 14 more days til \No shave November\ " is over . And I think im going to shave off all my facial hair when its over but idk . " 
Trying to figure you out is like trying to pull a whale out of water ... 
Birthday next week , OH YEAH ! 
Wow , that was a good dream ! I see someone totally different now lol 
Can't wait to graduate and get out of < PROPFEMALE > , so I can go do my college thing and go find a rave to go to lol 
my does my tooth hurt ... 
Listening to techno + multi-tasking = best idea ever ! 
is playing games on www.omgpop.com 
\Inbox me if you want to see the grossest thing in your life\ " Warning : You may throw-up ! " 
I had a dream that I pushed a friend in a shopping cart to work while on the interstate ... 
Thank you everone who told me Happy Birthday ! :) 
Just a late reminder but if you have Ms. Bull 2nd period remember to have some notes for the project lol . 
I never have hw and im perfectly fine with that 
WHY IS IT SO COLD ! I don't want to go to school today ... 
Came up with a senior prank in 7th period . All I need is dress shoes , some tube socks , and some baby oil . 
OHhhh SNAP ! 
Why are all these strange people I know trying to add me on facebook . For example : http://www.facebook.com/#!/profile.php?id=100001583545416 
saying good bye to the facial hair ... 
I look so much younger w/o facial hair lol 
FORGET HAVING HAIR IM GOING BALD ! 
FRAUD ALERT : Apparently the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to their favorite cartoon is actually a group of pedophiles . They're doing it because kids will accept their friend request if they see a cartoon . Nothing to do w/ supporting child violence . It was on that TV show that warns you about internet fraud . It's on tonight's news . Pass this on to everyone who has a cartoon profile picture . 
The reason I don't jump on facebook bandwagons 
I don't want to take the Econ . EOCT tomorrow ... 
About to have some fun with this superhero project for marketing . 
Off to grandma's house ! 
SO MANY PROJECTS ! why did all the teachers start giving them out so close to the winter break ? 
Why do some teachers give us projects that have nothing to do with the subject they are teaching ? 
LOL My mom thought all playboy playmates were prositiutes ! 
My mom is still trying to make me finish shovoling the driveway , right after my dad said he hurt his back . My mom is crazy ! lol 
So since we don't have school tomorrow does anyone thing we will have to come to school Friday ? If we do I think I might just stay home lol 
With all these snow days I'm kind of scared what days they might make us come back to make them up -- if they make us make them up ... 
So no school this whole week because of snow ... I guess I really did OD on the snow dance . lol 
Suzin ? Suzin ? Suzin !!! ( yes that is how you spell Suzin ) 
Just listening to me some techno * fist pump * 
I guess this what I get be trying to be a over ahciver in Ms. Bulls class . I should have done the quotation book lol . AHhhh ! 
Good thing I have understanding/merciful teachers lol . If I didn't my days in school would be so different . 
Got accepted into St. < PROPFIRST>'s ( Staten Island campus ) . Don't plan on going though . I just wanted to see if I would get accepted . :P 
Someone save me from the boredom that awaits me tomorrow ! lol 
Finaly home ! 
Just realized that we are going to school tomorrow when we should be out for mid-winter break ... WHY ! 
I better not be getting sick ! \ 
People need to spreading their germs around me lol 
Don't be surprised if I'm not at school tomorrow . I have a feeling that I'm not going to feel so good in the morning :/ 
I missed school because I'm sick but I'm not even mad lol 
Today was one crazy day . 
About three months left of HS and we haven't even planned a senior prank yet lol . 
I wonder what I missed in school today . lol 
Pulled my hamstring during track practice ! yay me lol 
If I made a list I would cross you off of it right now .. 
back from track meet . \ 
Lets just say that the throwers relay went by fast . :P 
I want to go back to running . \ 
Low-key : I have no love for throwing on the track team anymore . 
