Happy New Year ! 2011 . Out with the old and in with the new ! 

I feel like im missing something . I feel incomplete . 
I have Spanish class tonight . I hate Spanish . :( 
Sitting in Composition II right now . I have a feeeling that I am going to really hate this class . And the teachers voice is mildly annoying . Oh boy . 
Gonna go out and have some fun this Saturday night . Not sure where we are going to go yet but if you would like to join you are more than welcome too ! 
I love those freecreditreport.com commercials . They're just so catchy . 
I had some very insightful thoughts today ( for once ) . Looking forward to a big change ( hopefully ) . 
At school . Soooo boring . :( 
My Birthday is at the end of this month . What present are you gonna get me ??? 
Happy . Easter . 
Drain the Ocean on National Geographic Channel + A jumbo sized box of Nerds < PROPFEMALE > = Best 2 hours of my day so far 
Deadliest Catch :) 
My belly hurts :( 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > . Lalalalala lalalalala ... 
Got a haircut with < PROPFEMALE > today . I look like < PROPFIRST > Jett . I like it . :) 
Uploaded pics of the new hair cut so check ' em out ! 
Soooo sleepy . Going to bed now . Sweet Dreams :) 
Just because you're not paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you . 
I want to have my palm read . 
Eating watermelon :) 
I want hookah :( 
I am so tired of trying . I suck at life . 
is watching The Sandlot . 
has slept 2 hours in the last 39 so I'm off to bed now . Night :) 
Writing my reseach paper on killer algae due tonight at 6 ! Why do I ALWAYS procrastinate ? Stop distracting me facebook . 
I think I need anger management and a lot of Xanax . GAH ! 
Was supposed to work at 9 . Got to work at 7:40 . I fucking hate my life . 
Pretty Little Liars is on ! 
Two can keep a secret if one of them is dead . 
Chilli and cheese french fries with jalepenos :) my belly is gona hate me . 
Is very frustrated that people are so upset over the new immigration law . If they would only read it instead of jumping to conclusions they would see that it doesn't violate any part of the constitution . The law is actually a re-write of a law that was alrady instated in Arizona . 
It was only clarified so we as a state are able to enforce the federal laws concerning border control that the current and previous administration did not enforce . Illegal immigration is a problem in this state . It has overpopulated Arizona , helped in the depletion of natural resources , and aided in the bankruptcy of our state . 
The law is even helpful in that those who are found to be illegal gain AMNESTY in this state , on average for 7 years , during which time they are given state funding and a work visa and begin the process of legalization . So please tell me , what is so wrong with the law ? 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! Ok . I'm better now . 
Needs some rest ! 
Sis , Boom , Bah . 
is watching Serenity . 
In the end its not the years in your life that count but the life in those years . 
Looked up the definition of Neurosis . Apperently I am the poster child for being neurotic . 
Pretty sure I aced my final tonight :) 
I wanna go see that new < PROPMALE > DiCaprio and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > film Inception . Looks pretty BA . 
What's this ? The streets are lined with little creatures laughing , everybody seems so happy , have I possibly gone daffy ? What is this ? What's this ! 
I'm sooooooo hungry :( 
Going to see The Last Airbender with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
OBAMA was a bad choice for president . Filing a lawsuit against Arizona because its enforcing FEDERAL laws that were being ignored . I call Bullshit . 
Does anyone know where to get Mayhem tickets not online or at the box office ? Zia , maybe ? 
Who is going to the Mayhem Festival this year ? 
GRRRRRR ! Some people are very reliable and not always in a good way . I guess people really never do really change . 
has a crush on Travie McCoy :) 
You've just crossed over to ( dundundun ) the Twilight Zone . 
needs to make some changes . Soon . 
Skittles + Fizzl'd Fruits = Fizzling vomit enducing < PROPFEMALE > . Yuck . 
Its gonna be MAYHEM today ! Yeah baby . 
is watching Just Friends . Just Hilarious . :) 
Me HUNGRY ! Give me COOKIES ! Mmmmmmm coooooookies ! 
Kung Fu Hustle :) 
Sticky-icky-icky . Its sooooo humid out . I hate AZ . Can't wait to get out of this state . 
Oh , Family Guy , how I love thee :) 
Life is too hard . Can I go back to high school ? I liked life so much better then :( 
I need a new job . 
Woke up for work ... I'm sick ... Fever ... Achy muscles ... fml . I'm going back to bed . 
has the flu . YAY . 
Flu .. flu ... go away and you don't have to come back another day . Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuugh :( 
So I'm all for SB1070 but those fanatics on the border pretending to be police ... you're not helping the situation , you're just making it worse . 
Loves the E Trade baby commercials . :D 
FB Mobile sucks . Gah . Technology makes my life so much more difficult . 
I love sheets just out of the dryer ... BED TIME ! 
Called out Thursday and Friday sent home as soon as I get to work today and I have tomorrow and Monday off . My check is gonna suck next week . 
Poor Smeagol ... 
If you have a fb why make it fully private ? Pointless . Now I think I know you but I'll never be sure cuz you're an idiot . 
What a good friend you are , Samwise Gamgee . 
feels a little better today but I'm so ready for bed . 
I wish there was a \dislike\ " button ... " 
Wants a Mini Giraffe ! 
Is it weird that I have a crush on < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? :D 
GAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH ! I am so OVER this flu . My fever is back . Just my luck . Called out of work again for tomorrow . I hate my job but I hope they don't fire me . 
So many movies out that I wanna see ! I wish I would stop being sick ! 
Is upset that they blocked part of SB1070 but now that several other states are trying to pass similar laws it may eventually change . On to the Appeals Court ! 
hasn't been swimming once this summer :[ 
Ugh . I'm off to bed now . Gotta be up at 6 am . I hate my life right now . I still haven't done my Sociology homework for tomorrow . Guess its gonna be a busy day . 
fml . 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > Potter ! Hahaha . 
So I went to the hospital tonight . I have a UTI . Gave me antibiotics and Vicodin . ALSO my potassium was really low again . Got more tests for that . Woohoo . 
Definitely , maybe . 
I wish I was a conman . 
Got bit by a cat at work . I fucking hate my life . 
Why does your nose run and your feet smell ? Hmmm ... 
American History X = Great Movie <3 
Ready for some sleep ! Zzzzzzzzzzzzzz ... 
Had an awesome time with the guys last night . Can't wait to do it again ! 
Sooooooooo tired . :( 
Its raining and the sun is shining . Only in AZ . 
Smokin ' some hookah yeaaaaaaaah boy . 
Is confused but don't ask why cuz I'm not sure . :/ 
There is something I've never uttered aloud . I feel like now is my only < PROPMALE > to share it but I know in my heart what I want to happen never will . :( 
Sometimes I wish I could just stop thinking . Gah ! 
Watched Grown Ups last night . Gotta say , it was pretty hilarious . :) 
I think I wanna go out drinking and dancing this weekend . Hmmm ... 
I think I need another drink . 
Finished writting and typing my paper : CHECK\ 
Finished my yummy drink : CHECK\ 
Going to sleep : CHECK\ 
\ 
Goodnight . 
I really hate my job :( 
I'm so f*ing done . Goodnight . 
Today is a weird day ... 
Shut yo face . 
Feels very emotional today . Weird . 
Mmmm ... hot wings are YUMMY . 
Had a pretty awesome night last night smokin hookah and chillin with the guys :) I'm glad guys are drama free . ( Usually ) 
I WAS in a good mood :( Upside ? I may be getting the Samsung Galaxy soon yayuh . 
Havin ' a drink :) 
is watching Blade : < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFIRST > Reynolds = YUMMY . Yeah . Baby . 
< PROPFIRST > Reynolds is hot even when he's getting his ass kicked . :) 
Off to bed cuz I gotta work tomorrow . :( Goodnight all . 
needs a nap . 
feels hollow . 
Malibu is yummy goodness in my tummy . 2 down and I'm not sure how many to go . I'll let you know when I get there ! 
Don't you know that when you touch me baby that it's torture . \ 
Brush up against me I get chills all down my spine . \ 
When you talk to me it's painful . \ 
You don't know what you do to this heart of mine . 
Teach me how < PROPFEMALE > Dougie teach me teach me how < PROPFEMALE > Dougie ... 
As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I take a look at myself and realize there's nothing left ... 
Needs to relax and just go with the flow . Hahaha yeah . Riiiight . 
is defective . 
Sociology mid-term tonight ... vomit . 
Dear Life , Fuck you too . <3 < PROPFEMALE > 
Lucky Charms :) 
I think it is my bed time . Sleeping in tomorrow , ya-yuh . Nighty night . 
I don't understand why people are so UPSET over the Mosque being built near Ground Zero . 
UUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH ! 
Fifth Element 
Ooga Booga ! 
Did you know a female kangaroo has 3 vaginas ? I didn't . Thank you National Geographic . 
Well , Kiddies , I'm off to bed now . :) 
Power went out in the whole neighborhood for some reason . WTF ? Finally back on . 
Name something you find in a bathroom . ANSWER : A razor blade and a note . :) 
Pride and Prejudice <3 
Unbreakable . 
Why do I waste my breath ? I think its time to breakaway and spend some time away from the world . 
Goodnight facebook world . 
Ugh ! 
Had an AWESOME night last night even though I was a little more drunk than I would have liked . Haha Denessa was trashed . Great times . 
Outside playing in the rain at work . AWESOME ! 
Looking forward to the rest of my night :) 
Goodnight my Facebook peeps . <3 
Staind <3 
Trying to clean house but I keep getting distracted . Ooooh what's that ! Shiny . =( 
There's a skeeter on my < PROPFIRST > whack it off ! Haha . 
I give up . The . END . 
So unmotivated . I just wanna lay in bed all day . 
Well ... I suppose I should finish cleaning ... hmph ... 
Have to sit through Criminal Law class tonight ... ugh . I just wanna go home , crawl into bed and never leave it again . FML . 
I wanna go drinking tonight . Who's down ? 
White Collar <3 . I think I have a new favorite show . 
Going shooting tomorrow . Testing out some new guns . Watch out ! 
Goodnight <3 
Going shooting . If I don't come back , its probably because I \accidentally\ " shot someone . =D " 
Off to bed . Goodnight all <3 
So sleepy :( 
Ugh . I don't wanna work in the morning . =( Goodnight . 
UGH ! I can't take anymore . Good fucking night . And fuck tomorrow too . Gah . 
Wants to see Easy A :) 
Kick Ass rocks my socks . 
Sleepy Hollow <3 
Please don't eat the daisies . 
Ugh . 
Ugh my phone is on thr < PROPMALE > . If you text and I don't text back its probably because my phone is smashed into bits . Grrr . 
Zombieland , oh , how I love thee . <3 
So my phone is officially kaput until futher notice :( So if ya need to talk to me please send me a message on here ! 
Fun party last night . I love dressing up ! 
However long the night , the < PROPFEMALE > will break and no one really cares if you're miserable so you may as well be happy . Just sayin ' . 
Sublime <3 
Just a few more days until I move ! Can't wait . 
At age 4 we think : Mom knows everything . At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom\ 
doesn't really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn't know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn't exist . At 18 : She's old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this . At 35 : Before we decide let's ask Mom . At 45 : I ... wonder what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask Mom about this . Post this if you have/had the best Mom in the world ! 
Just a few more days ! I can't wait , I'm so excited . 
Is moving today and tomorrow ! Yay ! 
Moved into the new apartment mostly and now I'm unpacking . This is my favorite part ! =D 
Children with a disability are not sick or gross . They only want what we all \ 
want , to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour . It is Special Education Week and this is in honor of ALL children made in a unique ... way . 
Is happy today :) 
Things are not so black and white when the walls are spattered with blood , are they ? :/ 
Just watched the movie Pirate Radio and it was pretty awesome :) 
Marley & Me is NOT a comedy Direct TV ! :( 
What is this \number game\ " that won't go away ? " 
I have a new guinea pig ! She so sweet and cute . Name ideas ? I was think < PROPFEMALE > but I'm not sure . 
I fucking hate inconsiderate people . UGH ! 
Is watching Zac Efron on the TV . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me ;) 
Last day of 2010 thank god its almost over ! 
The reason for time is so everything does not happen at once . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Sometimes , I wish people would just leave me the fuck alone . Gah . 
Xanax , you are my only friend today ... I'm so glad I can depend on you . You make me feel so much better . :) 
People . Are . Dumb . That is all . 
Smokin hookah . Yum yum . :) 
Signs . I forgot how much I liked this movie . 
My guinea pig died ! :( RIP Dizzy Bobbles . She lived a good guinea pig life . 
First day of a new semester ... I don't wanna go ! :( 
Sooooooo sleepy ... g'night facebook world ! 
has TWO albino guinea pigs now . 
had a revelation today and is ready for some big changes and to stop overthinking things . :) 
Watch me unravel , I'll soon be naked , lying on the floor , I've come undone . 
Gotta get ready for < PROPFIRST>'s wedding ! Wish you and < PROPFEMALE > a happy and healthy life together cousin . :) 
I'm not happy , I'm feeling glad . I got sunshine in a bag . I'm useless but not for long , my future is comin on ... 
I don't know what you heard about me but a bitch can't get a dolla outta me . No Cadillac , no perms , you can't see that I'm a motherfuckin P-I-M-P . 
I fricken love the song Grenade by < PROPMALE > Mars . To me , that's what real love should be . That's what I'm waiting for ... ( ; 
Damn you Knox ! 
This game may as well be OVER cuz clearly , the Bears are done . 
Shameful . The entire game , just ... ugh . 
Down with the Jets ! Go STEELERS ! 
Way to go Steelers ! Kick some Jets ass ! 
Steelers dominated the Jets yeah baby ! 
Finish cleaning now ? Nah . Think I will leave that for tomorrow :) 
Goodnight :) 
I don't wanna and you can't make me ! Childish ? Yeah , well , we all have our moments so shut up :) 
Well I'm bored now ... guess I will go back to sleep . Maybe iit will be for longer than two hours this time o.O 
Well , that was a bust . As soon as my head hit the pillow I'm wide awake again . Damn . I just wanna sleep ! Oh well . Such is life , right ? 
Ugh ... why is it everyone either has their phone service shut off or a broken phone ? You guys suck . 
Drank a Redline . Now I have lots of energy with no outlet . It may get destructive ... lol . 
Girl drop it to the floor I love the way your booty go , all I wanna do it sit back and watch you move and I'll proceed to throw that cash . 
I love bein so fresh n so clean , clean ! :) 
So apperently only about 5% of people worldwide dream in color . I dream in color all the time . I would like to know what people they ask for these \statistics \"?" 
Work all day tomorrow then right after I gotta head to school and try and sit through 4 hours of math . UGH ! I so hate Tuesdays ... 
Nighty night :) 
Work ... School . I feel like everyday is the same . Grrrr . 
is wearing mismatched socks today :) 
So today officially sucks big hairy monkey balls . Oh well . Such is life , right ? 
I need a drink . Malibu and orange juice ? Yes , please . Heavy on the bu . :) 
wants to see I am Number Four . 
My name is Mud . 
Had a good nights sleep last night , work today has been fun and I don't have class tonight . I hope the rest of my day just gets better ;) 
Makin bank on taxes this year ! Hells to the YEAH ! :D 
Lol . Went and saw No Strings Attached tonight with < PROPFIRST > . It was so funny . My cheeks hurt from laughing ! :) :) :) 
Well , I'm gonna head to bed ... had a pretty awesome day and night . Best I've had in a while lol . I hope tomorrow is just as good ! 
Didn't fall asleep til almost 5 am and then I was up at 8 . Only 3 hours of sleep but I'm in a good mood . Weird . It probably won't last lol . Off to work soon ... 
So I thought I had to work at 10 today but then right before I'm about to leave ... I remember , I CLOSE Thursdays now ! Now I don't have to go in til 3 . Fuck yes . 
This is your chance ... it won't last long . You better take it now or always wonder , what could have been ? Whatever you fear , don't let it stop you . 
Know me without fear . Trust me without wondering . Love me without restrictions . Want me without demand . Accept me for who I am ! 
Your heart won't heal right if you keep tearing out the sutures . 
Rawr . 
Hurt my ankle on the way to work tooday . :( 
I'm not a damn mind reader so if you have something you need to say to me just fucking say it otherwise I'm gonna go on with my life . Ugh . 
Is not feeling so hot . I better not be getting sick :/ 
Time for bed ! 
doesn't like to share . What's mine is mine and you can't have it . Hands . Off . 
Is in another good mood today . Man I'm liking this . Just happy to be alive , ya know ? 
My tummy hurts :( 
Oooh I love me some Social D :) 
Whew ! I think I finally got my phone to stay on for more than 3 seconds ! I was very irritated lol . Today didn't go as expected . :( Sorry @ < PROPFIRST > Rodriguez ! 
Oh geez here comes < PROPFIRST>'s Day ... not my favorite day lol . Maybe this year will be better than the last couple hahaha . 
Just got sleepy . Zzzzzz . 
Goodnight world . 
Ugh so sore today and I don't know why ... oh well good morning you . Yes , you ! 
Sliced my thumb cutting an apple . It really hurts :( lol 
Watching Hancock . 
Holy cold wind outside , Batman ! 
Time for bed ... so sleepyyyy ... 
Work is soooo slow today . One phone call and one Standard Poodle to groom today . Only three hours left ... ugh 
Fuck yes ! I am so happy ! That made my month ! 
Tomorrow : New phone . Goodnight ! 
Got my new phone . Its awesome ! 
Time for bed . Im so tired . Goodni ... zzzzzz 
Ugh . Time to start my day ... 
Class in a bit then going to a fresh n funky party tonight with April Gallegos . 
Had a blast tonight got to < PROPFEMALE > with an old friend and make some new ones ! Im enjoyed my night , thanks \ 
April . :) 
Watching The Blind Side . 
Ugh ... go to a party or watch the game at home ? 
GO STEELERS !!! 
That halftime show was ... something else . 
Touchdown STEELERS ! 
Disappointed . 
Why did I watch Paranormal Activity before bed ? Someone save me ! Lol . 
Can you keep a secret ? Cuz the best little secrets are kept and you're my best little secret , yet . ;) 
At the salon getting my hair did . 
Ugh I feel like crap today . I think I'm getting sick again . :( 
Ugh ... my tummy hurts :( 
I feel like drinking tonight ! 
Had a good night n got to catch up with some friends I haven't seen in a minute . :) 
Its way past my bedtime but I'm not sleepy ... 
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank , but < PROPFEMALE > a little bit closer , see roses really smell like poo-po o-o o . Yeah roses really smell like poo-po o-o o . 
Omg I just literally fell on the floor laughing so hard oh you made my day thank you BJ . 
Man I was having such a good dream ! Stupid alarm . >.< 
Ugh I don't wanna work today ... 
Somebody come burn my Petsmart down so I can leave this place ! >.< 
I <3 you Slacker Radio . You're so much better than Pandora . :) 
You turn my mind to mush and you don't even know it . :) 
Walked to work today in the rain and it was nice . Walking home in the rain ... not so much ! :( 
99 Apples tastes just like a jolly rancher . Mmmm . 
At long last , sleep , you have finally arrived ... good night :) 
On my way to the casino gonna get crunked ! 
Gettin my drunk text on ! :) 
I dunno why I'm watching this movie , it always makes me cry . A Walk to Remember I hate your guts ! 
Ready to go home ... ugh 
Psych :) 
My apartments are on fire ! Oh geez . 
Today has been very eventful and its only 4:30 . I hate today ! It needs to die . 
Uuuuuuuuuuggggggggggghhhhhhhhh ! I really hate this day . I need to break something ! 
Breakfast Burrito , I <3 you . 
Do I have to go to work tomorrow ? Someone please take care of me n pay all my bills :) 
Make sure ya frisk me good , check my panties n my bra . I'm a rockstar . 
Falling asleep , no problem . Staying asleep , apparently impossible . Sleep , why do you hate me ? I can't function properly on 2 hours of sleep ! 
I wanna new tattoo ! 
Its so nice outside tonight ! Taking my time walking home . :) 
I work tomorrow morning but feel like going out tonight . Hmmmm , what to do , what to do ? 
I left my damn phone charger at work ! I suck at life . :o ( 
... isn't sure whether to speed up or slow down ... 
\You've got a gun . I've got a gun . Lets write a tragic ending . \ " - FFDP " 
Sleeeeeeeeeeeep ! At last . Goodnight :o ) 
The thing about love is that you're always at its mercy ... 
Workin a double today but so far its been a good day . :o ) only 6 hours to go ... 
Know what bugs me ? When people don't respond to texts ! Ugh . Lol . 
Oh man , last night was awesome :o ) just so tired today and I still have to go into work . Oh well . You only live once , right ? Haha unless you're me ! 
< PROPMALE > Mars , you speak to my heart <3<3<3 
Had an A-MA-ZING weekend ! Now , off to work ... ( o: 
Off work a little early :o ) but I can't sleep yet :o ( too much to do still ! 
Need ... sleep ... need ... sleep .... 
Oh geez today is gonna be such a looooooong day . Working a double on St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Lucky me . Lol . 
Party at my place Saturday . Hit me up for deets if you wanna come . :o ) 
Its so nice out right now . I'm enjoying my walk home . 
Mmmmm 99 Apples . So tasty . Feelin good . :) 
Munchin on somes brownies ... Lol . Special ones . 
Party tonight 6236286396 hit me up if you're down ;o ) 
Had a blast last night . :o ) 
Mmmm I wanna do last night over again :oP great times . 
Vacation time ! :o ) <3<3 
Awake already !? This is supposed to be my vacation shouldn't I be able to sleep in ? :( 
... can it be like 9 o'clock already ? 
Thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday . It was a blast ! :o ) <3 
One shot for my pain ... One drag for my sorrow ... Get messed up today ... I'll be okay tomorrow ... 
Hes on my mind all the time :) 
I karate chopped my sister in an elevator because thats how I roll ! 
