I like sucking black cock for an appetizer , anal for the main course , and jizz for dessert . 

yay for guitar hero 
there goes 5 and an half hours of my life gone to beating guitar hero 2 on medium . 
Doesn't know whether I should get Prototype or Assassin's Creed 2 ? 
okay time for me to do the crazy . I going to play Raining Blood then battle < PROPFIRST > after . Wish me luck . 
ouch my fingers hurt now 
Why am I and other ppl still awake ? 
If your good at something , why do it for free ? I wonder how much you can get ? 
Do you know why girl's bathroom are always on the right and the guy's bathroom is always on the left ? Girls are always on the right because they are always right and guys are always on the left because they are always left out . 
self esteem is about your self not what other thinks about you 
Why do people measure life by the years , instead of how good the years were ? 
Transformers was a good movie . 
awakened by neighbors vacuum . < PROPMALE > tell your mom she shouldn't vacuum in the morning on summer vacations . Well off to play tennis 
O.O 
... crap interview tomorrow for a landscape job and then dentist , which might mean I got to pull my wisdom out . I hope I get the job and not have my wisdom pulled . 
interview got rescheduled . got my wisdom teeth pulled . bought a new camera 
omg i have swollen cheeks . I look like quagmire 
Yum cha time . I better see my cousins there 
that was a get time at < PROPFEMALE > County . Heehee gunna upload some pics of nerdy < PROPMALE > and maybe a video . 
I wonder what's a better sound than heads being popped ? 
don't think i'll be sleeping 
Man I want the night goggles for Modern Warfare 2 Limited Edition 
Na na na , na-na na na Na na na na , hey < PROPFIRST > 
At < PROPMALE > right now from my aunt's comp . 
Mexico Wins !!! 
yikes wake up listening to Chop Suey 
off to disney land ... 
finally back home 
... my second cousin that are a little spoiled are here 
Wow got suspended from xbox live cuz some kid thinks I glitch my stats in Gears of War 2 
shit i need to think of a group name for my labor studies class . Some one help me . This is an afternoon class . thee group has 3 hotel management people and 2 in culinary arts . So plz ppl help me here 
What r the Pythagorean triples be side 3-4-5 and 5-12-13 ... it can't be similiar to these or the others 
blah what's sleep 
... hm im bored 
do u really believe that they caught a chupacabra ? 
sweet got my acceptance letter to culinary program for spring semester . Time to cook some bad ass food 
SF State is awesome 
Time for Yum Cha ... cousins you guys better be there , why do I always got to be the only one there ? 
dang cousins . y didnt you guys come to yum cha it was ye < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ... well at least < PROPMALE > was there . You guys better be there , altough I understand y < PROPFEMALE > wasnt there 
I'm wondering if you can be in a relationship with your job ? 
waking up to Stricken is some what peaceful idk 
man my fingers hurt because of < PROPMALE > thanks a lot , but GH : Metallica was awesome 
Time to play dress up and going to a wedding dinner 
loving the video of the baby dancing to beyonce's video 
Chorizon burritos are the best 
wow I waited at my stop for 10 minutes come back home to see when the next bus comes ... 21 minutes . -_- 
why don't people put butter on the crust instead of the in side of the bread ? The crust is the part that needs butter not the fluffy stuff in the middle . 
I dont know bout everyone but this rain raped me ... is the way to file a law suit ? 
Wow come home and I start hearing \Know your Enemy\ " RATM is awesome " 
Bored , tired , and can't sleep 
Had some epic fusball games with Christian and < PROPFEMALE > . Lol that last game was totally epic . Good job guys hope to play some more in the future . 
I think hostess will start gain some profit because of Zombie Land 
Bored time to watch movies 
wow just realized that if I put my router in a higher place I would have a better connection . 
I just realize I can get any recipe for free at my culinary libabry . If anyone needs any recipe , just ask and I'll get it to you in 1-2 days . I'm gunna start cooking alot of stuff now ... I need a tester . 
on a movie spree ... so far I've watched 8 movies in the later 36 hours 
Woke up to You're going to go far , Kid 
cant wait for xbox live to have facebook 
Time to return L4D 
oh god just realized black friday is coming up soon . time to save some money and earn some 
ugh now I dont have internet ... sry < PROPMALE > but i got to use ur internet for awhile before I get another modem 
Assassin's Creed 2 is awesome 
Assassin's creed 2 got some interesting puzzles and secrets 
Omg these freakin puzzles in Assassin's creed 2 is hella hard . You got to know your history 
Oh god I got to kill 4 specific ppl without weapons in Assassin's Creed 2 
I have to buy pictures of < PROPFEMALE > lying on bed . I see why Assassin's Creed 2 is rated M . 
X ( only after 9:48:07 I have only 38.4% god this game is long 
Finally got internet but I hate that I had to buy a modem for no reason , and this \new modem\ " doesn't work " 
mmmm time for Assassin's Creed 2 
Just beat AC2 . Nothing's the Truth . Everything is Permitted . 
too bad I cant have Last.fm while i play games 
started to play on a website I havent played in a long time . you could win free stuff if you play long enough . Its actually pretty fun 
wow woke and lost the game 
God Im gunna be so tired today . Cousin from Austrialia is at Hayward and is gunna sleep over at my place for a bit . 
I hope im not the only one going to this thing . Cousins I hope I see you guys there and Grandma's sister's house ... I think we're having Thanksgiving there . 
Wow listening to Christmas music on the drive home on Thanksgiving ... Man Black friday is gunna hurt 
I know im late but Happy Black Friday . Ugh Im gunna die today 
mmmm Costco pizza 
... I found out that if i sleep before midnight I have dreams 
So big . So angry . So dead . 
Man I'm gunna have a bad schedule next semester cuz I procastinated too much . 17 units next semester , 5 classes . I don't even know if I should list my classes on here . 
Sweet just finished setting up my new modem/router and getting awesome connection 
wth isnt it suppose to be hella cold today and maybe rainy . Its < PROPFEMALE > outside so dont think im bringing my umbrella . 
Finally got Modern Warafre time to play campaign 
I beat Modern Warfare 2 on hardcore in 6 hours 12 minutes ans 3 seconds . Yay me now for Veteran and Mutiplayer 
Sorry to people who have been getting weird messages . Yes I did get hacked and now I changed my pass . Hopfully this wont happen again . 
Just got back home . Watched Avatar in 3D . 
Hmm boredom . I guess this is a good time to order books for my classes 
is it just me or is there gunna be a lot of mythilogical movies coming out in theathers ? 
Yes finally beat Modern Warfare 2 campaign on veteran . 
Finally gets to setup the 32\ in the back room " 
So sad . I got to order books for my classes now 
Joker and the theif was stuck in my head all day , so I went to Pandora and the first song it played was the excat same song . Thank you Pandora . 
just woke up and fully awake 
no cant play on xbox live this sucks . at least I have internet ... btw I'm at my dad's place 
Man missing modern warfare 2 already . I wanna nuke someone 
yay finally back home and my phone is about to die cuz I forgot my charger . XD I got a new ipod touch ... now I need money to buy apps 
First day of cooking class ... hooray ? 
oh god first day of my 9-8 in school and its raining 
so tired bought my knives for 260 dollars now i got to spend another hundred on my uniform 
Omg my 120gb hard drive stop working . Now I need to send it in for repair or a new one and need to move everything back 
Come on Colts 
No time to play xbox 360 . Switching off from football and winter games 
Dam I slept at 2 now I got to leave for school . First day for kitchen duty . Anyone wanna go to CCSF cafe or the restaurant and try out the food cause i'll be cooking today and it would help if you guys tell me what you think about the food . If you don't have that much just go to the cafe and get a burger , cuz we're making burgers today . 
So this week my position is Assistant pasta sauce and omelletes 
Okay NoBody better omeletes because I just learned how to make french omeletes today 
finally got home now i can relax . Had to do 8 orders of Ravioli in 15 minutes because apparently it was really good 
I don't know why , but I feel like eating hella food even though I'm full 
Ahhh someone help me idk what to make for my pasta special someone give a sauce they like besides < PROPMALE > and pesto 
shit got to study for my test tomorrow . Got to read 30 pages . Only 6 out of 50 people passed the last test and I wasnt one of them T.T 
wow congratz to the saints 
y am i awake when class is at 12 ... oh well guess i should study for my test today 
i think i want to watch < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland 
dang i sucked today in modern warfare , but was hella good at Gears 2 
wow hella lucky first game in waste land . I threw an Emergency airdrop and got 2 ac-130 , chopper gunner , and emp . well i guess one game is good enough for me time to read for Asain American Studies 
ugh so tired idk if i should play gears 
O.O I got cooking class today so this is gunna be a long day today 
< PROPMALE > , You may find that it is hard to focus on your chores and personal duties today . You mind is wandering all over the place , and you find yourself distracted by strange events , challenges and synchronicities . Avoid taking any new herbal medications today 
fuck still awake 
damn just finish watching Se7en and it was awesome 
I dont know y I ever bother looking at the leader boards in games , cuz all the time i check at least the top 10 are glitchers 
wow my registration date is june 22nd I wonder if this is really good or really bad 
wow no more internet at my house 
I wonder why we had Ace of cakes competition today in the kitchen ... I dont suppose it has to do with anything bout today 
O.O < PROPFEMALE > vs . Capcom 3 
So bored cuz I dont have internet for xbl 
Why do I have to make 10 pizzas in 1 1/2 hour and then have a midterm after it ? 
\You have not lived until you had ... \ " Chef Ng " 
wow made 30 orders of bbq chicken and 10 pounds of mashed potatoes for nothing 
Its nice to have pho and pad thai in school , but i wish they gave more in their pho ... pad thai on the other hand is awesome 
Some bs ... giving blood means no cooking ... on the other hand I can still play games , but still no internet . I need to go to someones place for internet 
I think I'm start a project over the summer in making pho ... I got the recipe , but it takes like days just to make it so I might need some people to um sample my broth or soup or whatever you call it 
Gunna be Sous Chef start Thursday ... I'm gunna have to do hella shit god dam 
Cinco De Mayo means hella enchilladas being made in my class ... too bad im making the vegeterian one 
why is it that when i tell ppl i want to cook they think i bake cookies and cakes for fun ? 
its the weekend and im bored man < PROPFIRST > hurry up and get home so can play SF4 
When can I finally get my own internet 
So what happens when u mix ammonia and magnesium ... do you get a bomb or a bluish green fireworks ? 
Wow the moment I get a permit my mom wants to start praticing 
So its that time again to leave SF and go to my dads for mysteries adventures 
Shit I got set up nooo 
mmm home made tacoes 
Boredom strikes can someone amuse me 
Dad is great . He gave us chocolate cake . 
ah finally back home in my bed . had a nice crazy party week at < PROPMALE>'s and wish it could haappen more ... what will happen next i dont know 
Man I want to hire the A-Team 
Go Boston beat LA 
Mmm tofu is so good for you 
O.O multiplayer Assassin's Creed now thats a game 
yay for home cook Asian food 
Oh my finally got a red ring for the first time since I got my xbox 
Yay finally fixed my laptop now lets see if I can bridge my connection 
1 more day and i get internet 
dang i get my internet on the 26th 
I think its time to eat my first meal for the day 
hot dam finally got a hair cut noooooo 
So if you know the answer ... What is love ?... 
In soviet Russia , TV watches you 
wow i just realized i ended up with all the junk food from the beach what the hell 
So , I have 2 extra tickts to A's game tomorrow at 1pm ... I'm probably going by < PROPMALE > so anyone interested 
aw man should i get turtle beach or tritton 
might actually get halo reach 
yes last week of crappy internet ... and maybe for < PROPMALE > if I feel like letting him know my secret password ... 
I want to watch the Ong Bak trilogy once I get my internet ... hurry up Monday 
man wake up early to realize I still dont have internet till 8 god speed up the time please 
ahh hot links and anime what could be better 
3 more minutes 
Oh Baby the internet works now 
Is the such thing as too much friends ? 
O.O going to bed with 5 pillows and 3 blankets ... how the hell did all this get here 
Wow I have an awesome Comp , but I dont know what do with it 
Since when did the Green ranger became a MMA fighter 
Yay for financial aid . 2 checks 480 each 
why is sniping so hard on these books 
So how much are people paying for this book , cuz i don't know how much i should pay for it ... Nutrition for Life 
I have a big fat puppy laying on my chest when I woke up from my nap 
crap cant remember this lock combo 
mmm just woke up from a 4 hour nap 
what is this new naruto movie 
time to make mirepoix and stocks 
sweet my speech book looks brand new and i only paid 35 
i want to marry < PROPMALE > :D 
Why are females more wanted ? 
wow my ac adapter blew up now I got to buy another one 
I like to thank < PROPMALE > for making me gain 5 pounds thanks so much , but hopefully i could lose some of it tomorrow in the kitchen 
cooked my face for an hour before realizing the salamander was on while I was cooking 
i think i need to go to sleep 
man back to rice pilaf again , then I make stew 
home alone , but now my chargers cant charge my laptop 
just got home and is full of home cooked sweet and sour short ribs 
time to make mexican food , which is my first meal of the day 
so anyone else up at this time for class ? 
... so everything was 86 , now its my turn to eat . 
stupid paypal says I got to wait 30 days for a refund to appear on my account 
... So ... why are people complicated again ? 
I wish I had pants 
T.T 200 for a droid incredible ... why does it cost so much 
My lunch is basically 1 cup smoothie 
wow never thought this would happen ,... cant sleep cuz im think bout someone 
its that time again , time to reformat comp so it can download this and not say this is corrupted 
Anyone have a reformat cd I can borrow cuz mine doesn't work and I no longer have a working computer 
Anyone wants to go to a Mexican wedding 
Yes my computer finally works 
I think its about that time ... 
just woke up from a 5 hour nap ... time to go to sleep now 
why am i still awake 
wow never went to sleep hopefully i will still be awake for the Giants game 
Up Up Here We Go ! 
I play Russian Roulette everyday cause it's a man sport ! 
learned the $ came from pesos 
wow Deadpool does the moonwalk when he walks backwards in MC3 
Why did I have to stay home because of section 8 ? 
Happy Black Friday to all the people who are awake right now ... Go get ur stuff 
It is a sad day today 
Time to go old school and play on my sega gensis 
Guess whos back 
I like to thank < PROPFIRST > Villaluna for reminding me how to make good Ramen . 
Yes Hangover 2 !!!! 
Why is it that when you eat something spicy , milk can always cure it ? 
CCSF have really awesome cheese burger ... now I got to wait another month before I can have another one 
Time to watch some Invader Zim 
It was good to see family again ... also very fun to spend time with friends ... Jim Acedillo you got some crazy ideas 
having leftover seafood from the hot pot yesterday in my porridge ... it actually taste alright 
Its good to have internet again ... now if only it was stable 
could've made 180 if I just did what I wanted in the first place instead of deciding not to make the investment 
Ahh Axis and Allies is officially my favorite strategy board game even before chess 
