applied for student housing at UAB . Hey . It's cheaper . 

doesn't want to give up the trip ... :( 
wonders if there shall be cake . 
feels stressed again now that the road trip is over . 
registers for grad school classes tomorrow . o.o 
MY KALANCHOE PLANT IS DYING ARGH WHAT THE HECK IT JUST FELL OVER AND ITS ROOTS WERE DETACHED ...!! My babyyyyy .... 
Should I request a room mate from UAB and halve my housing costs AND get $300 ... or bask in an apartment that is all my own and a bedroom that is all mine ? Decisions ... 
successfully made coffee for the first time . Mmm french vanilla . 
F@( < you , Alabama , for having car insurance cost twice as much freaking more than it did in New York . Wtf . I'm poor enough ALREADY . 
doesn't really know what to do but figures it will all work out . Somehow . 
thinks that Chef Boyardee tastes better than it did when she was a kid . 
had a good time at the gym today , but wonders why weight machines have to be different everywhere . At least I figured out ONE of them ...? 
is still full on Thai food and feels like doing nothing much for the rest of the night . 
can't wait for yet another DMV adventure . Maybe this time it won't be as horrible and hopeless . I'm so getting there a half hour before they open so I'm first in line . 
Exam in six hours , I'M PUMPED ARE YOU . 
knows it is very late and she is very crazy when she dances with her reflection in the window . 
Cooking Fail #507 : Do not bake large amounts of soy sauce . ( FYI , it turns into something resembling cake . ) 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE>'s first time in the dollar store was the most amazing thing ever . 
SPORK . 
likes this < PROPFEMALE > cake ! YUM . 
wants freaking Housing to turn on the freaking heat already . I had cold feet ALL NIGHT . 
I think at least one of my toes is broken . Why am I such a klutz ? D: 
Giving up on studying for the night . I feel like I'm H-bombing my chances at a decent grade on this exam but oh well . 
Goooo Tigers but I hate listening to sports on the radio ... 
wants to be a slave to her western blot no longer . 
is ready for round two of Alabama DMV fail tomorrow . Except not really . 
Worst day in recent memory = today . 7 hours of it left , though , so it's not like I can't make it better . 
is finished with the semester and celebrated with happy hour followed by a good , long nap . How refreshing ! 
black . 
So in 2011 or 2012 there's going to be a < PROPFEMALE > Trek sequel . To the prequel movie , that is . I'M PREMATURELY EXCITED . 
HOW IS PASSING TOMORROW EVEN GOING TO BE POSSIBLE . APS was not worth this stress . 
I feel like a facebook whore adding so many people within a week . Every person I've added should give me at least a five dollar < PROPMALE > . 
Joy is realizing that you get to sleep in an extra 30 minutes tomorrow morning . 
I'm making like < PROPFEMALE > and doing an artsy picture for my profile pic . 
Post-concert recovery day is going awesomely . 
has a lot to look forward to . 
Oh , hockey . <3 
I'm so over IBS 701 . I want to throw my notes off my balcony and watch them scatter in the wind and give papercuts to passersby or maybe that one big packet will actually behead someone . I'll test this out later . 
THEY'RE GOING TO DETROIT , THEY'RE GOING TO DETROIT ! 
things i bet you haven't done today that i have : choked on your energy drink and spat it all over your study notes . yay , now they're sticky and wet . 
thinks the cigarette smoking man is the best love-to-hate-him character ever . 
97 and humid , with no breeze . Just the way I like it , for four days straight . Admit it , you're all jealous . 
I'm sitting in the teen section of the Hoover Public Library near the \Teen Series\ " shelves and I see that there are about FIFTEEN of each of the Twilight books . I can't believe it . " 
I am not cut out for troubleshooting PC issues of any kind . Kind of like how hippos aren't cut out for dancing ballet ( unless they're from Fantasia ) . 
Got into a paint-scraping parking lot accident today . Just what I need ! If I have to pay for anything out of pocket I'm going to cry more than a little , and may have to resort to putting myself out of my misery in some way . My car already needed repairs before the accident , so I don't even CARE about some scraped paint . I'm so sick of my life , it's one thing after another . /end complaining 
Anyone know of anyone in the Birmingham area looking to rent out some space in the next couple months ? I can't afford to keep living where I'm living . Preferably < $400 a month , ideally < $350 with or without utilities , no deposit necessary ... I doubt such a place exists . If so though , let me know . 
LOOKS LIKE I'M GOING TO TRY MY DARNEDEST TO MOVE BACK TO BUFFALO WITHIN A FEW WEEKS . Let's see if inter-state job-searching still sucks ... ( I expect it still does ! ) 
I got my car's wheel bearing fixed so it doesn't rumble at speeds greater than 5mph , got new brake pads that were apparently shot , got the oil changed , and found out the check engine light was nothing < PROPMALE > . Goodbye , $750 , but hello car that feels brand new to drive ! It should be able to make it to NY without a hitch , now . 
needs to stop getting tension headaches almost every day . 
I wish I could go home right now and leave a big money tree behind in my place . Also , teleportation . Wish I could teleport home . While we're listing impossible things , I'd like to get a pet dinosaur and find a freaking job in Buffalo , too . Wow , that would be great . My goals and dreams , let me tell you about them . How much could I get if I sold a kidney ? An eyeball ? Who needs two of these things , anyway ? 
Two weeks . 
is in North Tonawanda to stay . 
oh wait what am I doing up ? gosh this is what happens when you get SO INTO your resumes and job listings you forget you need to be up nice and early . 
