Goin to help my mom at the church and try to get my school rollin 

I love my baby she is my world !!! 
All these limp < PROPMALE > aliens say I got Girth ! I bought a Telescope so I could holler back at earth ! 
Gonna Blow something UP ! 
Goin to the eye Doc today ! 
I hope I get to talk to me < PROPFEMALE > Today !!! 
Missin My < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Going to register for the rest of my classes today ... Wish I was here when < PROPFEMALE > Called Last Night ! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > then to the Gym to get my swole on haha 
Making my way to a sculpted bod haha 
< PROPFEMALE > Vickers I love and miss you !!!! 
Missin My Girl I Love You Baby !!!!!! 
I love you Em and I miss you ! 
Going to eat with the folks then home to wait for < PROPFEMALE > to call ! 
I had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > miss her a little already ! 
Missin my Baby Mamma ! I love you so much Em you dont even know ! 
Gonna go to Brinkley today , bout to go pawn the box to get money to go , I hope my mama will get it back out for me , ;) 
Going there to look for a job BTW heh 
I actually meant Clarksdale also , bout to head out dont know why I put brinkley ? 
OK N/M about Clarksdale , going to work out then to try and get my books for school , try to get workstudy while im there ? 
Goin to grab something to eat then back here ... 
Got the shit beat out of me and my car stolen , sht from my house is gone and i have no idea wat the fuck happened to me , the cops told me to keep my mouth shut and i got beat the shit out of again ........ WHY ???? 
i just woke up in the yard and the cops wont help me . what happened ????? car is stolen and shit from in here is gone im hurt !!!! 
Nothing is missing inside , the car is gone , no keys , no smokes , no money , i got the shit beat outta me , i cant remember what the hell happened ........ 
I guess I was riding , I dont know who was driving but it must not have been me , my leg is pretty injured but I will live , I am not going to be leaving this house anymore unless its for a damn good reason , I am going to walk to the school monday and I am n 
What happened , I hate this shit and its how things always end up , I guess you really have to hit rock bottom to see things clearly 
Considering military 
Sick with hate for myself I am such a godDamned idiot why must I < PROPFEMALE > on in this way ? 
The tow man said all that needs to be done is putting the airbags back in I hope thats really the case ... 
Woke up sick for my baby mama again damn sympathy pains haha 
Smoked half a cig when I woke up , going to see if I can make that last all day 
I need to find things to do with my time , Ms Hagler said her husband might need help at his work so I hope that comes through ... 
According to my moms scale i weigh 162 thats damn little I need to build muscle mass 
Cant wait to hear the news from the doc 
Well we might be nearing the end of the first trimester my baby mama went to the doc and got told that she has been pregnant for longer than 6 weeks and the last time I saw her was May before 6 weeks ago , so I might be a pops faster than I thought !!!! 
The recruiter for the army said if I have a felony they wont take me , oh well I guess 
Check out the dead weather its < PROPFIRST > White's new shit !!! 
Ok headed to orientation I hope your feeling allright baby 
Goin to the Gym be back in a couple hours 
Going to fax this form to the school so I can get my Aid , then to the Gym , thinkin bout you baby ! 
Missin my girl Love you baby 
If you like wrestling , classic wrestling that is check out my youtube videos that I have favorited , lots of real cool shit to watch other than wrestling also 
Goin to the gym wish Em was here to come with me ! 
Going to the gym 
3 hr gym day great workout 
Chillin out < PROPMALE > and relaxin on cool ... 
Needs Chop to come and fuckin jam that guitar like only he does !! 
Jammin some thrash before class 
Goin to LR today !!! 
Halloween 2 was super awesome check it out ! 
Going to LR today first ultrasound and 4 days with my woman 
Studying in the morning 
BLLEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAHHH 
Let the lovin ' take ahold cuz it will if you let it 
Is in love with his baby's mama ! 
Getting ready for a big day of class both at home at at the college bleeeh 
BOOOOORRRREEEDDDDD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Monkey Sling Doo 
Smokin sherm got me trippin ' smash yo face through a wall 
Biology for the masses 
Math today and last time I went it pissed me off so fuckin bad I wanted to destroy the room 
We be blunt cruisin ' 
GAAAAAAAAAH monday monday 
Another great workout at the gym , tweaked my shoulder a bit but feels fine now 
I love her so much and I fucked up so bad ... I am sorry and I want to make it up to you more than anything in the world 
Is so tired of being a fuck up 
Wants to see his gorgeous baby mama 
Is so glad we got things worked out , I love you baby !! 
Music is our escape from Reality , It's the one thing everyone in the whole world can share and enjoy , and frankly , I think we need it .. 
My baby mama is better than your baby mama ! 
Needs to go to the gym 
I walk around like I got an S on my chest 
Jammin my mp3 2146 songs to choose from hahahaha 
We get to find out male our female in just 4 more days ! 
3 more days WOOHOO ! 
1 and a half days and we will FINALLY know , then all I have to wait for is the opportunity to hold it wich i actually the harder thing to wait for ... 
Today is finally the day I get to see my baby and my Baby Mama !!! 
Have to wait until monday now , stupid shit , the ultrasound tech is sick but I HOPE that I am still going to LR today anyway job interview !!! 
I love my baby mama she is the most beautiful woman in the world ! 
OOOH yes they float THEY ALL FLOAT and when your down here ... YOU'LL FLOAT TOO ! Happy Hallows 
Wonders ver seriously why things are the way the are sometimes ........ 
Love halloween , watched some gory stuff and that always makes me happy , I love my girl 
Insight of the creepy kind 
Needs a new copy of 1/4 Bag and a copy of his new joint 
http://www.facebook.com/home.php?#/posted.php?id=1433957137&share_id=88242471156&comments=1#s88242471156 
Slangin Toys !!! 
Cowboys need this !! 
Laundry mat time 
How are you supposed to do right if noone will hire you now ? WTF do they expect you to do its bullshit 
Helping move is hard but its ok 
Screw job on < PROPFIRST > with all this BS officiating 
WTF now they get a free challenge too out of challenges and get one anyway WTF 
chillin and we chillin in the club all night 
Beunos Aries DVD is the shit megadeth is the shit ! 
VORE Tonight in LR at Downtown Music see me there ! 
< PROPMALE > EXPLOSION ! 
Newest member of Whole Hog bbq Slanging that meat 
Grind 2 Shine 
Ra 
Wing Stop and Whole Hog Now 
Sorry Foo ! 
Skoo 
Skoo and Work is all I do hahahaha fixed my shower head though its nice in there now 
I love my baby mama she is so gorgeous ! 
DP kinda looks like < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in the face hahahaha 
Icey again dammit 
Unloading the frenzy on AvP for the 360 
Got a new 93 lesabre with a kicker 12 , amp , and a kenwood bbooooy 
My girl's water broke at 5:30 this morning , at the hospital waiting for Asher ! 
She is dialated 10 CM pushing starts in less than 30 < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Had Asher at 4:20 PM great day ! 
Baby is improved , off of most of the cords and such , might get to go home monday 
Goin to Green Jelly monday ! 
Misses BACW 
New band is doing well , workin on material starting to get it goin well the music is solid I just need to work on my shit ... \we\ " need to I should say " 
Mo Murda Mo Murda hahahahahahahahhaha 
Slammin the ham ! 
Working class hero is something to be 
No Cigs Day 4 
http://www.ovguide.com/video/predators-2010-movie-trailer-hd-922ca39ce10064fbfd11eca6a569f004 
HAMBURGERS ... CHEESBURGERS ... FURBURGERS ... SUCKAMYBURGER ! 
You hafta get UFC 2010 
Wonders EXACTLY the PRECISE number of shirts Hulk Hogan has ripped off in his lifetime .... I bet it is in the millions 
Wants some new ink 
Going tonight to watch UFC Lesnar VS Carwin .... Either at Hooters or Fox n Hounds come on and chill with me drink beers and watch beatdowns ... 
AND STILL UFC HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD < PROPMALE > \NO NICKNAME NEEDED\ " MOTHERFUCKING LESNAR DUE TO A CHOKE MIDDLE OF SECOND ROUND AFTER EATING EVERY SINGLE PUNCH < PROPFIRST > COULD THROW !!!!!!!!!! " 
Lullillilly lullz 
Dilligently fucking my sons mom ! 
Asher and I love his mommy ! 
Loves his fiance ' more than anything in the world ! 
Born of < PROPFEMALE > 
Start commenting the SotD ( means song of the day by the way ) 
Truckin and Fuckin 
September 10 < PROPFIRST > texas Avenged Sevenfold ... I will be there 
FUCKING SPECIAL OPS !!!!! FUCK 
Smells like somebody shit in your cereal !!!! < PROPFEMALE > 
Suck it And Fuck it 
Doin The DooDoo in Whole Hog 
shit fuck and taldo tarded 
Fail that class and Imma whoop yo ass ! 
Off to spring river today and I am ready for my vacation 
Back from spring river canoeing and camping kicked ass ! 
Who can make it to LR tonight for Green Jelly ? 8 bux at < PROPFEMALE>'s starts at 9 
http://www.bushmaster.com/catalog_xm15_BCWA3F_16D-XXX.asp 
Jammed ie a motherfucker last night it was awesome , my boys got a LOT of new toys for the jam room !! 
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FUCKING FOOTBALL ? 
JEEEEEERRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !!!! 
Coffee and Whisky ( Insert like button here ) 
I miss my baby and his mama I love you guys come home soon 
Bang yo ' head against the stage ! 
bloan load 
http://www.myspace.com/solinertia 
Midolize it ! 
Go into the water ... Live There Die There ! 
We's Gonna Be Bigger'n Jeesus 
That shit will fuck you up like perkiset ! 
Macho Fuckin Madness 
Working < PROPMALE > day 2 weeks till fungus is amoungus 
SONNEN GOT TAPPED IF HE WOULD HAVE MADE IT TO THE DECISION HE WOULD HAVE TAKEN SPIDERS BELT TAPPED AT THE END OF THE 5TH HE FEELS LIKE A PUNK LOL 
Cowboys win a dull game 
I'm not sayin Big Sexy's the man no I'm the man I'm the MACHO Man YEA 
Fighting < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is like eating chinese food 20 < PROPFEMALE > after I do it I am going to want to do it again-Chael Sonnen 
Im not Dog the Bounty < PROPMALE > I do no Issue Apologies LOL 
My son takes his bottle with his own hands now and eats by himself , still have to feed him the solids but that is ok 
I think I need MachaHolics Anonymous 
Just took the codest shower in history haha 
I just saw < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > strait punch Slater in the face , never thought that would happen , Slater took him to the ground and punched him in the face too violence in Saved by the < PROPFEMALE > 
Everyone should watch Kick Ass it is actually funny as hell 
It's time to Hassel The \Hoff \"" 
My pic shows why Jui Jitsu is the SHIT look at that face ... Bloody and winning OOOH YEA 
Asher HATES grits LOL 
College dorm rodeo , ya get a volunteer to bring a fatty to his room , when their in the middle of gettin it on , the college buddys barge in , hold her down while one sits on her back and rides her while she is bucking trying to get away .. 
my fuckin 360 red ringed i bout it when they first came out so meh I am going to get the new one that just came out when I get my monies 
new Res . Evil movie coming to a sperm imporium near you 
Nymphetamines 
Who wins between Boxing legend < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > or 5 Time UFC Champion < PROPFIRST > Coture ? 
Also tonight Benividez VS < PROPFIRST > 2 on VS channel the first fight is on right nizzy 
WEC card was the shit last night , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > defends his Title on VS TV for free sep 30 
Keep my name out ya mouth , and I'll keep my thang out ya spouse . -1/4 Bag 
NatasNFL ( ID# 522127)\ 
\ 
Yahoo fantasy football league 9 spots open joine me 
I just ate a turnip dipped in chloroform I think I just put my oregons to sleep 
Jump up jump up to get down ! 
Who wants to go see MurderDolls < PROPFEMALE > Cooper and < PROPMALE > Zombie Halloween night at Verizon Arena ? 
My girl and I got a house , we move into it within the next couple of days 
Sharks can only be found in two places on earth , the northern hemisphere and the southern hemisphere ! LOL 
pOOp and scOOp but do no drOOp 
Dont forget the draft is today at 9:15 PM see you there 
Lets get krunk on Mansinthe 
What the fuck is that .... Oh its me being fucking AMAZING 
Avenged was the fucking shit .... Disturbed was pretty good but should have been before \ 
Avenged ... Seeing Hell Yea was cool < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > fuckin rocks 
I am the football man with the football plan check out my teams and cry both of them won ! 
I destroyed the mushroomhead show here in LR and in fantasy football ranked 3rd bitches 
Saw Casualties and GWAR wed night and it was one of the best shows of all times , now I have 2 gore stained GWAR shirts and yea Zilla I know you hate that ... 
The zilla is going to punch me ... n o wait he is just going to delete me from his list , what an old faggot .. I hope I meet him some day so I can pee in his skull 
Chillin like a mega villain , Lookin to rock you out with my cock out 
Just got back on the nets ! 
Rocking it like it belongs to me ! 
Drop you foo 
who wants to go to the beale st music fest this year ? 
Court today shittay 
Evil1SamNatas add me on live 
Fucking work again be back round 9 
PUKE AND RALLY !!!!!!!! 
Vote for who you think will win < PROPFIRST > \Bones\ " < PROPFIRST > es or Shogun Rua ? " 
Jones dominates becomes youngest UFC Champ in history 
Got hotel in west memphis 
P double O P 
Early morning Stoned Pimp 
People who get offended are pussy kikes , also i do not give a shit if it is hurtfull to you or yours I hope I am striking your chosrds dix 
I feel pretty good except for the cancer\ 
- < PROPMALE > 
Asher slept in his own bed all by himself all night long 
Wonders where to get a good knife 
I think my laptop got an STD from porn ............................ 
Smokin and xboxin !!!!!!! 
Ash is so badass ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡¤¥€ 
I love me wife 
Quill it 
I am the wonderWall 
My laptop went critical sry i cnt answer mssgs 
