only two days till i get to see my family for the final tme before i deploy . such a bittersweet feeling . 

ya i just took all those quizes . god im bored 
i could not have possibly had a worse night . :( tomorrow cant come soon enough 
if something doesn't fit is it the wrong piece or do you have the wrong puzzle ??? 
life is not about what you do , its about who you do it with . 
leavin sunday for afghanistan . time to do my job :) 
my last full day in the U . S .. really wierd feeling 
packin up this morning . afghan in 26 hrs 
gonna miss all of you . your the reason im going.be back next year . 
i am in gemany right now so far everything has gone well . one more plane flight to manis then in a couple days ill finally go to afghanistan . call when i can love you 
im currently in kyrgzstan . im on an air force base . will be here a couple days doin nothin . not too bad so far . glad i have good friends wit me . missin you mom . 
i've decided this yeard wont be that bad . with all this food i may get fat . :) go figure . SGT's have lightened up a lil since we < PROPMALE > in a forigin country cant figure that out . tiff i didn\t know i had to remind you . mom needs reminding but you'll always b " 
still stuck in kyrgystan . cant leave for another 3 day . go figure . air force cant get a plane up lol 
in bagram right now but still dont know if it permenant . not too bad here and only a lil dangerous where im at . 
life is not reall too bad in afghan . at least not on base . 
sick and sore . but cant really ask for a day off here :( 
turns out im leavin bagram to go to kandahar . jus dont know when 
got switched to night shift . so now im awake when you are 
middle of shift right now .... woot . 
miss the states .. mostly home 
finally no more 12 hr shifts . down to 8 again 
frikin haji stole my shoes while i was in the shwer . thats some bs :( 
just got promoted . ya im the shit lol 
if you finally find the perfect one but it doesn't fit do you try to make it fit , or risk finding one that fits but isn't perfect ? 
moving in another tent across post from where i work to make room for pilots . yay i get to ride the bus for an hour to and from work , fml . and guess im going to khandahar on the first 
is all this really worth it , i gave up everthing i had , but it coninues to take more . 
in bagram afghanistan i meet an old friend from high school go figure . < PROPFIRST > rittermier is here too 
400 more soldiers just got here its so crowded . hope i go to kandahar soon . 
way too long left here . one day at a time is the only way to make it 
kandahar delayed again . dam 
told my sgt the war on terror would have to wait . sounds like my old man needs help with the hay ... lol . 
im allergic to dust-mites and im in the desert , not a good combo 
today is the day that the terrorist network will learn to regret , im am here to make sure of that . 
boredom is worse than death 
wishin i could chill at home with friends 
hates the army's stupid shit . let put infantry in charge of intel ?????????? what ? 
going to kandahar dont know when ill be on the net next . dont worry mom ill call asap . 
only been here for a day , i should have stayed in bagram , everythhing is worse here , less space more walking and a poop pond in the middle of post so it smells awsome FML 
sorry havent posted in a while mom . lil harder to get cpu access here . but all is well . as much as it can be anyways . 
all i can do here is work and go to the gym , hopefully it will make me smart and ripped , then again .... ya im too lazy ;) 
the isn't always a right way to do things . sometimes life sticks you with a lose-lose 
gym and heat are killin me . missin home . hope < PROPFEMALE > will be ok :( 
wish i could just chill . 
PT , PT , PT . thats all there is to do on my free time . i need lots of snacks to counter this or ill lose all my fat , at least thats what i keep telling myself 
never thought going to the gym would be slightly fun 
just want to thank everyone for your messages and comments over the last few months , knowing there are people at home that care makes things a lot easier over here . 
kiss me while im still alive , kill me while i kiss the sky , let me die on my own terms , let me live and let me learn , now ill follow my own way and ill live on to another dam day , freedom carries sacrafice , remember when this was my life 
sucks when you sit back and think about things , only to realize your completely alone 
its way too long till ill see home again :( 
cold , sore , tiered and hungry . and the army goes rolling along 
sometimes in life you learn your lesson way too late , but i guess better late than never 
hate not being able to be there for the ones i love when they need me 
just want to be home 
just when i thought the army couldn't get any worse 
why do they continue to make rules against relaxing while on deployment as if it wasn't stressful enough . fml 
3 months till i get some leave 
i hope everyone has a very good christmas . i'll be home in 2 months hope to see you all 
gym .. shower .... xbox ... eat ... sleep ... repeat 
bordem strikes again 
fuck this place . have to go to work on christmas and chritmas < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > n though nothing needs to be done 
im not going to make it . fuck this unit and everyone in it . im on the edge , i dare someone to push 
amazing how easy it is to sleep off anger 
so tiered 
yay off to the gym at 1244 a.m. 
61 days and counting 
new cpu is awsome 
49 days 
46 days 
sick ,... sucks 
missed the most important b day , sorry mom wish i could have been there 
somehow going to the gym puts me in a good mood 
pt test in 6 days , today i ran a 1440 , 2 mile and murdered my triceps at the gym . hard work better pay off 
32 days 
will be on around 9 am or midnight . U.S. time from now on . schedual change 
new job description . soooooo much to learn . my brain hurts . 
gym = pain 
hey sorry to those who been tryin to get ahold of me . its hard to get on the net with my new schedual . i'll massage you as often as i can 
i just ate at a TGI Fridays in Afghanistan . < PROPFEMALE > truly is a wonderful place . The food tasted exactly like it does back home . i have never been so happy about how my food tasted . was the higlight of my past six months and it was only a burger . kinda sad huh lol 
no more i net in my room so will only be on half hour a day at the mwr . see you all soon 
afghan is flooded who woulda thunk 
sorry im not on much , with this big OP going on there is a lot of work to be done miss you all . 14 days 
only1 WEEK and i can be back home . too excited to sleep gonna be a looonnnnggg week 
IM IN < PROPFEMALE > 
AWOL sounds amazing right now lol 
couldn't possibly be any happier than here now . home with family is as good as it gets 
home in afghaniland 
missin an old friend right now . wishin i could just sit and talk 
sooooooooo bored 
only three months . soooooo done with this place 
so many questions . too much time to think about them . its official im going crazy 
first birthday im not really looking forward too . yay same as every other day 
got the night off for my bday . love all the birthday comments . makes my day . :) 
got 2 things for my b day . ate dinner with civilians who got the afghani waiters to stand me on a chair and dance while they sang , and i got sick . still ... prolly the most fun i've had in a while 
i really hate working with people who can't do thier dam job 
haven't lost myself in a long time . need to get home need to get fucked up 
i wish i was better at taking the advice i give others 
love little boys who think they're tough .. so cute 
my roomate gets a day off . in return i get no sleep FML 
2 months . 
my friend has a kid named Enzo .... poor kid 
so my < PROPFEMALE > is going to be blown all to hell here in a couple hrs 
skills i have developed on deploment ............??????????.......??????.... playing spades . 
5 < PROPMALE > - 39mins 45 sec . and afterwards i feel great . never would have guessed i'd still be alive . 
7 weeks ... 
for those who hear about the attack on KAF , just letting you know i am ok . 
piss poor leadership over the last couple of months has led to several problems that could have been so easily avoided . gotta love the army 
i don't have a lot of access to fb for the last month im here . sorry but see you all when i get home . 
ha well i did get my self in trouble actually lol . leave it to me right . 
maybe i should join border patrol . great way to serve my country . 
maybe today will be the lucky day that i catch a mortar round . seems to be th quickest way out of this god forsaken place . 
looking back i have been through so much .... yet so little 
Hoooah vandalism of gov't property 
no matter how many good memories i have home is always better than i expect 
gettin ready to mow the yard . who knew i'd be excited about smelling cut grass for thefirst time in a year 
gonna be canoeing in michigan till mon . 
good people , canoes , camping and JELLO SHOTS . makes for an awsome weekend . Caones n Booze ' 10 
you would think a soldier would know better than to leave his facebook account open to a hostile takeover .... especially by his Mother ! National security is in bad shape ! Love ya < PROPMALE > ... 
love being honest with people when its not what they wanna hear , so fun . 
im not drunk shit is just spinning 
back to the army world . fml 
went to get a new room today . they literaly gave me the key to the supply closet . welcome to odin 
got to see my gf on skype tonight . so happy . can't wait to see her for real 
You talk to God , you're religious . God talks to you , you're psychotic !!! 
great night out with my good friend < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . saw the expendables . good movie . 
the world as a whole is an illusion . not because whats around us isn't real , but because we all project our own meaning on life 
got to talk to my amazing gf . been a good day 
parot bay captian < PROPFIRST > . gonna make this 3 day weekend so good . one more day ... 
my beautiful GF is on the way to TX . can't wait to see you babe . 
slept all day , now going back to sleep for pt . good day , if only she was still here . 
wants more 
got promoted i am now officially \PFC-2 Kiskaden \"" 
be home 4th throgh 8th before i go to HI . hit me up if you wanna chill . beechy you don't have a choice . 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why would we continue raising pay ... for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? Keep it going if you agree 
who is greater ? einstien for his brilliant mind or those who had the courage to give his insane ideas a < PROPMALE > ? his mind was a gift . giving him a < PROPMALE > was a choice . 
for all you fools that don't knoww my lil sister is the shit . love you < PROPFEMALE > 
never thought it could be so hard to find something worth my time 
Home on the 21st . 
Is happiness something you must seek out in the world , or is it something to discover within yourself ? 
stormin hard in HI . i love storms . gonna sleep good tonight 
Can't wait to be home for xmas . hearin bout a blizzard at home . love the snow . 
choices ........ 
WOW 
guess first impressions are right , you really arent worth my time 
I hate high school . Send me back to afghaniland . 
Flyin home tomorrow . got that sense of relaxation you can only get going home . 
loves his mommy very much and wants everyone to know hes a mommas boy ... 
spent the night with my little sis at the mall and a movie . only way to start a vacation . 
Eventually , we all learn our lesson . It's the level of humiliation to get us there that fluctuates . For example , some day , I'm going to learn to go to \Account\ " in the upper right and log off Facebook before I go back to bed . " 
< PROPMALE > out with my gf tonight . ;) \ 
was a good xmas 
it will always be the little things you miss the most 
You know you've been slacking when physical therapy is more vigorus that your normal work out . 
stuck living in the shadow of my mistakes . when will i be allowed to move on 
Missin home . But all out of leave . 
just found this old pic . Vandalism 
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT : The PH basketball team might be the best team out there , as far as skill , in the state . But even if they are not , they still have the prettiest girls . And if you don't believe me take a look at a beautiful blond named < PROPFEMALE > . Although my favorite .... well i won't name any names but she can be a little fiesty . ;) 
Couldn't have gone any better . 
haven't felt this good in a long time . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue : one I need to work on :) 
STEAK .... soooooo goood . 
I came to cock block like a square f***ing mile chicken . 
Open mouth insert foot . I just mastered that skill 
Homesick today 
All Good here in < PROPFEMALE > Harbor . So far only three maor waves . though it was the tenth wave than did damage in Japan . Warning is still in effect here . Gonna try to get some sleep now and hope it doesn't get any worse . 
It was you who could me high , whatever it takes for you to stay with me . 
havin a good night with the girl and going to diner with friends 
