Sometimes I Wish My Life Was Different . But Doesn't Everybody ? 

Ey 
Bored my nephews went to day care 
It would have been 2yrs 2day 
Nobody gives a fukk if my shit comes up missin but fukk if there shit came up missin u better watch the fukk out 
Wtf ha 
So ... My phone got shut off again 
My phones back on yeah 
Fukk my life I hate being sick 
Bored at home wit my bby gurl <3 
I miss you Miss you so bad I don't forget you Oh it's so sad . I hope you can hear me I remember it clearly . The day you slipped away ..... Was the day i found It , won't be the same I didn't get around to kiss you Goodbye on the hand I wish that I could see you again But I know that I can't \ 
R . I . P 3dwin 
I think my sister < PROPFEMALE > needs stop gettin on my stuff and writing about her self 
I didn't post ipod links onyour pages those i 
my stupiid phone isnt working it keeps freezing i cant even press any buttons it sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 111 
What in the hell this waking up early is some bullshit never again 
My lil girl has an ear infection ...... Its so sad :( 
ImA dO mE !!!! 
got my pictures developed so excited 
All I did was think about how much I wanted him here today 
I can't sleep layin here nxt to my bby nd watchin tv so much stuff is runnin in my mind 
I only fukk wit bad bitches no homo 
Its nights like this i wish he was here but my baby girl is here thats all that counts she makes my day :) 
dyed my hair black blue 
< PROPFEMALE > is watching \your baby can read\ " shes not into it yet but she will soon " 
Im That type Off Girl that could be so hurt but still look at you and smile ,.... The type of girl that can brighten up your day even if i cant brighten up my own 
BREAKING NEWS : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Hell Over It . Any complaints about how we operate , can be forwarded to 1-800-Boo Hoo ! with Dr. Sniffle Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . If you like this , repost it . If you don't ... suck it up ! Life doesn't revolve around you .. 
Whatever you give a woman , She will make it greater ... Give her sperm , She will give you a baby . Give her a house , She will give you a home . Give her groceries , She will give you a meal . Give her a smile , and she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her crap , Be ready to receive a ton of shit ... A REAL woman will keep this going . 
i fukked up my bangs now i look fukkin stupid hahahahaha 
im so irritated at everybody !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
she finally let go of her fake smile & the tears slowly rolled down her face as she whispered to herself \ i dont want to be me \"" 
been sick all day my entire body hurts , & \ 
missed my neices daughters b-day today 
< PROPFEMALE > my baby girl is finally crawling she figured it out all by herself today yay =D \ 
now im waitin for her to walk cuz she really wants to 
do you ever jus want to write down your feelings or say ur feelings and you know you have so much to say but when you go to do it your mind goes blank 
cant rely on nobody these days just got to do it myself or im just goin to keep gettin dissapointed 
