wants college to start again 

Just got my computer back but lost a lot of data . Could use some serious expertise right now . 
I'll see u all tomorrow at oswego guys ! 
ready to go home 
already back and nothing seems to change , for better and worse . 
Question to all : Since FF13 is already out and FF14 looks like another version of 11 , my question is for FF15 , would you prefer a fantasy ( knights and princesses ) or a sci-fi game ( spaceships and robots) ? 
I can't stand this constant feeling of rejection I keep getting from these meetings I get . I'm the only one tonight AGAIN !! Truth time , people , should I continue this anymore ? I just can't stand feeling rejected . I know , I sound melodramatic and emo , but please tell me : am I wrong for feeling this way ? And if so , can you give suggestions on how to make my club better ? I just can't keep being ignored . 
Don't forget to see Fantastic Mr. Fox and Coraline in the Campus Center Room 137 at 3 pm today ! 
Who would be good voices to play < PROPFEMALE > and Aqua in BBS ? 
hoping that the rain will fucking go away > ( 
Great movie , great day , thank God for < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
feel like total crap , today is not my day . 
does anyone have a dvd of Up or Ratatouille for me to borrow for the night ? 
is angry and needs something to punch . Any suggestions ? 
Where is everybody ? R we doing iron man 2moro or not ?? 
will anyone trade pokemon with me later i want to evolve something ? 
Apparently a rumor appeared that < PROPMALE > Nemoy would aka Spock would voice Xehanort for birth by sleep/ 
Bored as fuck So 2 all my friends enjoy ur summer ! 2 those who truly give a damn about my advise : if a movie with animals of any kind features a famous actor , they r most likely sell outs , love ur parents so u get into the will before the time comes :) , trust urself in any decision u make because lets face it its ur life don't fuck it up , n above all , any problem in life can always be solved with bacon pizza 
needs to find something fun to do . Suggestions ? 
what would you guys say that after i try to become a teacher , i try to become an animator ? 
so Square Enix and Sony Playstation are being sued since FF13 destroys PS3 consoles . 
Just finished the last chapter of Full Metal Alchemist . Gotta say , as endings go , pretty damn good . :) 
question because i'm bored : of all FF games , which one had the best battle system ? 
since that last one was actually pretty funny , how about this : which FF has the best storyline , counting the online ones and the spin-offs ? Because my top 3 are FF Tactics , FF6 and FF13 . 
Bored , here's something new : name the greatest moment you can think of in One Piece ! Mine : When Nico < PROPFIRST > cries out that she wants to live ! 
i've just learned about a show that has dwarves saving dogs . Television fails so much ! 
Damn . One Manga is ending . No more free manga :( 
does anyone know how to edit manga pages or what stuff i would use to do it ? \ 
really appreciate it . 
Just came to say i'm sorry i haven't been able to talk to anyone lately . been dealing with a lot of shit in my life , but all of it will be worth it if i can get back to my friends :) thanks for putting up with the weirdness that is Cappy . 
so , here's something new , since i'm boreded : what is your favorite non-Square rpg ? 
wants to rule the world . Then poptarts . preferably smores . whats ur favorite poptart flavors ? 
wants to minigolf like pre-Tiger Woods . 
can't wait til 2moro ! 
a good birthday present would be coming to my club hint hint :3 
feels like crap and feels like throwing up :( just one class today so skipping . 
has a new-found respect for janitors . 
just found out there is a high school of the dead anime :3 
was hoping anyone wanted to < PROPFEMALE > out this weekend :) 
wants something to look forward to ... 
has a new sense of purpose and a new reason to fight . One door closes , another will open , and given time , it'll be so worth it :3 
Adventure time , best moments : go ! 
they just ditched the whole old email 4 oswego ... that's gonna suck 4 some people :/ 
wondering how to not freak out about life anymore :/ 
plans to see something exciting at some point he doesn't quite know where yet 
Put this on your status if you know or love \ 
someone who is gay . My wish for 2011 is that people will understand that\ 
being gay is not a disease nor a choice -- people who are gay are not \ 
looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights . 93% won't copy and \ 
paste this . Will you ? 
have me costume , free today , give me costume if wanna < PROPFEMALE > :3 
has had enough of being pulled around by teachers who don't really care about him . The time for change is now ! 
i need a ride back to < PROPMALE > , NY , which is around chester/poughkeepsie/NYC/orange county/etc . If anyone has a car and/or is going in that direction , i can pay gas and I pack light :3 Please respond ! 
if anyone is interested , who's going to the < PROPMALE > potter movie ? would love to go with others :3 
does anyone live near NYC/Monroe/Middletown/etc ? I need a way back to Oswego after thanksgiving badly !!!!! 
to all those i haven't seen , have a happy thanksgiving :3 
asking if there is anyone who is going all the way to Oswego , I have money !!!! Please !!!! 
has a question : does anyone know if a < PROPMALE > Adapter for my laptop is expensive and if I can get it at other places besides a < PROPMALE > Store ? Mine broke and I really need a new one soon . I know , everyone hates < PROPMALE > s , but I really need this . Thanks ! 
finally has computer and now has Psychic Moves ! Now , my ultimate technique : Teleport ! The greatest ability of any lazy man !!!!!!!! 
hoping for a better tomorrow ! 
bored so : favorite rpg characters besides the main hero/heroine ! Go ! 
can't wait for this week to end :/ 
is free if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out :3 
has discovered the power of Rockmelt and LIKE ! 
is free to < PROPFEMALE > if anybody wants to ! 
wishes winter was over already :/ 
needs to get a new stylus for ds ): | 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas , happy holidays , you folks know it all :3 ! Everyone be happy ! 
doesn't know who watches doctor who , but saw christmas special and was wow ! happy holidays all ! 
wants to burn a movie from my < PROPMALE > onto a blank memorex dvd-r but it won't let me ! does anyone know a good program i can use or how to do it ? Please respond ! 
doesn't like home much >_< 
feels a mixture of fear and excitement , can't wait to c evryone 
will see you all tomorrow ! 
asks that u call out if u r back ! 
some things different , some things the same , when will be content with both 
finally got doctor who series 5 ! 
needs to do something exciting , anybody have something they wanna do ? 
work sucked , dumped the mop bucket twice :( need a good sunday 
wants to do something AMAZING ! Interested anyone ? 
I will find someone to join me at the village , rest assured :3 
going job hunting , here's hoping right ? 
finally went to see Rango ! It was pretty good ! Now what else is there to see ? 
bored , booooorrrreeedddd . so fricking bored 
One of my new favorite cartoons :3 
Sly cooper 4 ! Woooo ! 
feeling horrific , skipping class to go to work :( 
