Why do family members steal from one another ............... so agg ! 

cleaning up ....... new year , time to clean ! 
man my b-day is in 2 days .................. and i feel so old .............. OMG ! I AM GETTING OLD ! 
is finally home ......... B-Day 2morrow ...... pretty excited !!!!!!!!!!!!! Sweet 16 ! 
Brought in the new year right with a praise party ! Thank you god for letting me see another year ! 
time to start socializing again . need new ppl to fill up my fonebook . new year . new friends . 
< PROPFIRST > Myers , Dreaming With A Broken Heart is now my officially my favorite song . 
is just so bored ........ man i hate not having nothing to do , or nobody 2 talk 2 . So agg !!!! 
is realizing that you do need friends in this world ........ they are just a want not a need . U can do bad all by yourself baby ! 
going get my nail done .... then off to rue 21 . pickn up a few sweaters for this FROST BITE ! weather lol . Everybody stay warm ! 
Chillin . My day was awesome . Little Bored now . Think I am going eat Lol . 
I just thank god for each and everything that he has done for me up to this point . Some people say it for just a show , but after all I have been through I can truly say Thank you jesus ... 
Well history was made today . God really showed up and showed out for the New Orleans Saints and the REAL saints . We have the victory in both the natural and the spirit 
well its raining . I love the rain . The way it sounds makes me feel so peaceful ...... and now I am began to a very poetic vibe right now . Well going to bed , school in the A.M. Nite ! 
I crazy how things can show you how much you have changed from the years past ...... I thank god for maturity and changing me into who he wants me to be ..... 
Man , what can I say ...... I am pretty ....... lol 
Man ..... I need something 2 do ....... so bored . Talkin to my sista . 
Its funni how in elementary school you wanted to be friends with everybody that was popular or whatever and then when you see them later on in high school , they wasn't even as popular as you thought they was ....... well thats my thought for 2nite ..... 
well I am gettin ready for church .......... I have to sing , dance and act 2day , god help me lol .......... 
today was awesome ...... man my life has really changed over the last few months . I mean stuff has been turning around for the good . I am just waiting and expectin to see what going to happen next . No matter if it is good or bad I know it will make me strong and changed me and my life even more ...... 
wow ; Ican tell that this week is gonna be alittle topsy turvy but with god on my side its gonna be like one quiet storm ; Lol , smokey robinson :) 
Lawd ; Today was full of up's and down's;But in spite of it all I still had joy :) 
At the house ............ Going to the penthouse later . BBL . 
god shows his love in the strangest ways ........ 
well my awesome easter is finally coming to end . wish it could of lasted longer but there is always next year . i just thank god for another great easter . 
rolling on the big yellow bus . wind blowing through my curls . sun is shining . feeling like a little kid . having a back in the day moment . 
what awesome words of encouragement before school . he has made me glad and I will rejoice . 
well I feel just like so good right about now ........ filled with so much joy . The devil tryna bring me down but it ain't even happen . I am too blessed baby . 
I sit here listening to the water of the river flow freely without a care . the sun smile at my face and the wind blows through my hair . I don't know what my purpose is , or where I need to be , but until god shows me .... I'll be all i know to be ...... simply me . 
in the midst of witnessing to somebody ........ I just started to get teared eyed cause it like everything this girl is experiencing I experienced similiar things ...... I need to go pray h lol ...... 
well curiousity killed that cat and I ain't about to have that ....... 
if you been delivered stand up on your feet and praise the lord ....... kirk < PROPMALE > good way to start the morning ...... 
church . blah . was . blah . awesome . blah :) 
the main thing . blah . is to keep the main thing . blah . as the main thing . In other words . blah . watch what you do . blah :) 
relaxed . the rain is just so peaceful . i feel like writing some poetry . any suggestions ? 
on the way to school . feeling pretty good . the joy of the lord is my strength literally ;) 
sitting here by this river , talking to god a little . My spirit feels so calm and peaceful . I can truly say today was a very peaceful and relaxing day . 
Its hot ......... move ! Get off me ! Get off me ! lol . 
< PROPFEMALE > , I love you ! hehehe . 
just watchn this awesome movie called preacher's kid . That is an wonderful movie that I recommend to anybody . It really teaches you a lesson . Lol 
Life is like a box of chocolate . 
I sit here as the sun kisses my face . Joy is filling my heart , a smile has been planted on my face . Today is another good day . 
laying down , looking out the window . feeling a wave of relaxing coming over me . can't wait to hear the rain tapping on my window pane . 
skating . blah . woohoo . blah . then . blah . sleepover . blah . with . blah . miss jayla :D 
I am like so at peace right now ...... I can't complain .... 
Slept good last night . Woke up to morning rain . My body , mind , and soul is at peace right now . Looking forward to church tonight 
are we having a shut in and I didn't get the memo ...... Its time to GO !!!! Lol . 
can you believe now , when you're on yours knees now , begging and pleading ...... can you believe , when all that you got is doubt and no one can pull , your heart is slowing down .... can you believe ? -Robin Thicke 
You don't have to always fuss , fussing doesn't get you anywhere and doesn't get you anything . 
thats why I am easy , easy like sunday morning :) 
so like ohmigod what the heck ! 
some people just have no taste in girlfriends/boyfriends ................ smh 
Wow so thats how it is like ..... man how rude ...... smh 
not feeling it today at all ........ I wish I could go home ...... 
when there is a glow on you , a twinkle in your eye , and a smile on your face , that can only mean one thing , today is a good day :) 
just finish taking my midterm ..... lord I hope I did well ......... 
today is going to be a wonderful day .......... I rotc awards ceremony today . i thank god that i am finally getting promoted . 
lets the record show , that < PROPFEMALE > Pratt is now a petty officer 2nd class as of May 5th , 2010 ! Woohoo ! Thank you jesus ! 
god is really looking out for his ppl . I found $3 on the ground today at school . It may not seem like nothing big to you but its big to me and I thank god for it too :) 
just thought of something . as you grow in life , you realize yourself doing things that you said you would never do . anybody else think so . 
like what the heck ! It is so freakn boring ...... 
so like I can't believe this is really happening .... like the past is the past . I am only going forwards , ain't got no time to go backwards . 
as the school year starts to come to an end , I realize that I've grown so much . 
If I don't remember anything I was ever told in life I will remember this \the grass is never greener on the other side . \"" 
I am coming out of my comfort zone , though it may cost me some friends , I walk alone ..... 
okay attention eveybody listen up . ark of the covenant ministries are having their last day of revival tomorrow . if you haven't already heard this whole week was awesome and yesterday night was just outta this world . so if you wanna get in on what god is about to do tomorrow , message , comment this . i promise you will be glad that you did . god is about to do something and I promise you don't wanna miss it . 
like so we chillin in 7th hour and we ain't doing crap so ....... anybody wanna txt . hmu 
well my day is going good so far . I mean I didn't have to do anything for two class periods :) So hmu . 
so I had a good day . even though some stuff happen today that wasn't very pleasing ...... I still managed to keep a smile on my face and my spirits lifted . And I also passed two of my finals so far . 
so what will I do today ? 
so why do I feel like today something is about to shift in my spirit ? 
well my exams are almost over . I can't wait , a few more minutes and I am outta here . 
last day . can't wait to get outta here . 
out of skool ..... going to act the fool ..... 
so its like my first day of summer was all about relaxin ' and getting my sleep up after 9 mths . On a mission this weekend , so don't bother me . 
I believe that everything happens for a reason . People change so that can learn to let go . Things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're are right . You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust nobody but yourself , and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
so . blah . I . say . blah . goodbye . blah . goodbye . blah . 
If you can't handle me at my worst you sure as hell don't deserve my best . 
okay attention ppl . my phone was reset the other day and I have nobodies number . so would yall be so kind to message me yall number plz . thank you 
well I am at the nail shop . just finish gettn a mani-pedi . Now ready to get the hair done . Can't wait til saturday for mom's wedding :) 
so check it . it is 2 in the morning and my moms wedding is like today and haven't gotten any sleep . lord give me the strength and keep me at peace today . 
Well today is the big day WOOHOO ! My mom's wedding day is finally here . I am so happy . The lord blessed my mom with a good man and she deserves it . Love you mom :) 
Check it . 3 hours left til the big shabang . Alittle sleepy . But also bored . So I just can't wait until this is all over because I will finally get some SLEEP :) 
well moms ' wedding was a success . so happy for her . now I am about to go to my house and crash w/ stepdad's fam . sleepy so sleepy . 
I am so tired . lord give me the strength . after service its over straight crash and burn . its gonna be a tko lol . 
happy that I get to go home with the parents tonight . get to spend a little time with them . I thank god that they are finally married . everything is finally coming into place . I thank god . 
okay lord , I am actually having a good . thank you lord . chillin by the pool relaxin before church . 
If I was to every get a < PROPMALE > to do things over again , I wouldn't change anything cuz if it wasn't for my past , I would be the person I am today . 
The difference between school and life ? In school , you're taught a lesson and then given a test . In life , you are given a test that teaches you a lesson . 
so today is going good so far ....... I really feel that the next two years in my life are going to fairly awesome . 
its funny how when you sit back and think about the ppl you know , most of those ppl you haven't talked to in months or years and you are just realizing it . 
Alittle agg right now but I still have joy with a smile . Can't wait to get to Alabama :) 
Yay . We r finally in da suburban :) Now time to roll to Alabama baybeeeee ! 
YES LORD WE ARE ON THE ROAD ! ALABAMA HERE WE COME BABY ! 
Nothing like a good old trip to New Orleans :) 
Its funny how your day can be so relaxing and peaceful , it seems so unreal . 
Just finish taking a nice walk . Now going to the carwash . Still enjoying my peaceful , relaxing , and unreal day :) 
Don't < PROPMALE > a dream , hop on and ride it . Imperfection is beauty . Madness is genius . Its better to be absolutely ridculous than absolutely boring . 
Its HOT ! Moove ! Get off me ! Get off me ! 
so watchn ATL . Ain't seen this in a quick minute . 
realizes some things just aren't meant to be . 
waiting for the bet awards . man I want a freakin hot n spicy right now lol 
the tribute to haiti was priceless . I actually started crying lol . 
I am done . Facebook I am done . Yall know yall crazy . I have been kmsl all night . Yall some str8 up fools lol . 
the awards show was phenomenal . I laughed , I cried and just kmsl at these people on facebook . Now time to watch the boondocks . 
a life lived and loved will never be dull 
ohmigod ! I've never been this bored . Man I need a job and fast . And I still want a freakin hot n ' spicy lol . 
my life as < PROPFEMALE > really rockz 
on a day like this the question of what to do pops up . God I need a job . 
so I am really proud of the decisions I am starting to make . I am really growing up tear , hehe . 
its glad to know that someone's always got yur back . 
like need something to do . I hate feelin like I am in jail . I feel like bustin loose . 
man like really whats next ? anybody else wanna give me some bad news ? 
if you like this status I'll tell you what I like , dislike , and wanna confess about you . 
ain't nothing going back to vzay every once in a while . really clowned for the short time I was there . planning to go back more often . 
thats why I can't be without you , I won't last without you , I need you , I need you . I am so last without you , I know that I would fail alone , I need you , I need you . 
at a church baby shower for < PROPFEMALE > bonnet . love that gurlie . kmsl . 
I like to move it , move it . We like to MOVE IT ! 
so I have a burn on the top of my forehead . Ain't that a load of bull . 
like a flower depends on rainfall , like true lovers depend on phone calls , like a song need a tune , my heart depends on you . 
Its crazy to say but I am like sooo ready to go back to school . 
everyone go on myspace and hit me up . < PROPFEMALE > pratt or < PROPFEMALE > pratt@yahoo.com 
just did my own hair . did a pretty good job . very proud of myself . happy . tomorrow can't come fast enough . 
Up watchn the preachers ' kid so sleepy lol . 
good morning fb . the joy of the lord is my strength . woke up this morning feeling good . can't wait to see what the rest of my day will be like . 
so I am chilling . About to go back my penthouse . Watch tv till I go to sleep lol . 
so stayed up til like 3 this morning clownin with < PROPFEMALE > . man that was funny . on our way to church , time to party . 
and the gates of hell shall not prevail . 
yesterday's tragic incident made me realize that lifee is really too short . its scary how god will use something so tragic to open your eyes and make you wakee upp . My prayers go out to < PROPFIRST > zeno's family . 
Its kills me when people talk about how this person is this , and this person is that but you know something about that person that they don't even know . 
phillipians 4:13 - I can do all through christ who strengths me . 
so I just finish cooking and curling my hair . I thank god just for letting me see another wonderful day . 
So ..... I need a job . The next 27 days need to go by very quick . Congrats to the Bonnet Family on the new edition . 
like dudes can b so rude now days . Anyone agree ? 
Looking back over the last 2 to 3 years , I just thank god for my mom . Through all the hell I put her through , she never gave up on me and she never stop loving me . I love you mom . 
watchn beat street . this is what you call a real movie . 
I was in a runt and didn't even know it . I just thank go for sending that something to bring me out and make me smile :) 
Psalms 121:1 -2-I will lift mine eyes to the hills , from whence coneth my help . My help cometh from the lord , which made heaven and earth . 
I love you jesus , I worship and adore you just want to tell you , Lord I love you more than anything . 
So like the phone is trippin AGAIN ! I don't understand whats the problem . UGH ! \ 
\ 
WHY PHONE . JUST TELL ME WHY !!!!!!!!!! 
its after 2:30 . Time to say nitenite . see ya facebook . Later ! 
when listening to old skool music , you really get lost in time . I think I just pulled an all nighter lol . 
There is no greater love than to lay down one's life for one's friends . 
< PROPFEMALE > Saintsbaby Every you can like my pics lol . 
I am COMING FROM BEHIND ! I GOT MY BLOOD BACK ! 
ohmigod I am holding < PROPFEMALE > and I put her to sleep . She looks sooo peaceful in my arms man . Tear * 
Its been a year and 3 mths . I just thank god that I made it thus far . What was made to take me out only made me stronger . Thank you jesus . 
bored so like this status and I'll tell you what I like and dislike about you . Seriously do it ! 
Ohmigod less than a week until school starts , THANK YA JESUS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hallelujah ! 
doubt is a pain too lonely to know faith is his twin brother . 
two main words for the next few months : sacrifice and focus . 
its a personal praise . point ____ 
deal with the reminders . 
< PROPFEMALE > I am cutting the hair tomorrow . pretty excited . I figured it was time for a new look . 
man like I can truly say i am blessed . 
God can only give you back what you gave him , so if you ain't gave him nothing thats exactly what he is gonna give you -----------------> nothing . 
I am the child of a < PROPMALE > . 
if I had to do it all again I would't take away the ran cuz I know it made me who I am . 
\The secret of the lord is with them that fear him and he will show them his covenant . \ " Psalms 25:14 . " 
nothing like early morning rain . Now I really wish I coulda stay home . 
emotional rollercoaster . 
like I can honestly say there is no such thing as friends in this world . no true friends anymore . 
if god was the right guy , I be the right girl ! 
my throat hurts . my tummy is turning . ugh . I have feeling today is not going to be a good day . 
its no feeling like when things start to take a toll on you . 
the best is yet to come , you ain't seen nothing yet . 
i just ripped my darn skirt . now I am a little upset . but I its all good . 
Mrs. claws ( insider ) lol . 
this is the season of GRACE ! 
although I am sick , I think this is gonna be a good day . To god be the < PROPFEMALE > . 
dreams are real and all you have to do is just Believe . 
so I get to school to find out they switch my schedule again . ugh ! 
sooo once again the devil tried to bring me down but no weapon formed against me shall prosper . 
feeling anti-social ; may turn off the phone ; so if you text me and I don't txt back;don't get offended . 
goodnight fb :) 
Still a big kid at heart . 
it trips me out when people think that this person is one way and in reality they really aren't . 
this calls for the biggest praise party ever ! 
falling love with jesus was the best thing I've ever done . 
A righteous man may have many troubles , but the LORD delivers him from them all-Psalm 34:19 
I love god soooo much . he is not like man and he is always there when you need him . no matter what . 
Like somebody go find me on oovoo ! I finally got one lol ! 
Trust in the LORD with all thine heart ; and < PROPFEMALE > not unto thine own understanding- Proverbs 3:5 
If you gon be of the world , you minus well do it big in the world . Ain't you sense of you tryna coming get salvation and come half stepping . Real talk . 
if life gives you lemons , make lemonade lol . 
sometimes I wonder why do some ppl even have facebook ? Imjustsayin . 
nite fb 
just finish putting the finishing touches on my paper . really not feeling well at all . lord give me strength on today . 
I can search the heavens high , I can search the earth below but there is no one , no one . 
September 10 marks a beautiful point in my life . 
this is the day of jubilee , we celebrate for we are free . went throwback for a minute . 
though my morning may be off I am not going to let that ruin my whole day . 
if I could change anything in my past , I wouldn't change anything because my past made me who I am today . 
I had my first actual talk with god today in a long time . I am his child , the worshipper . 
so I know I am blessed annd highly favored b/c I have to go to school but I am excused from all my classes . lol . Challenge day 2day ! 
Ohmigod challenge day was soooo awesome ! I thank god for letting me have an experience like this . 
never let'em see you sweat . 
the grass is never greener on the other side . 
give it all he wants it all . 
right now I just feel like crying until I can't cry anymore . Lord plz help me . 
sometime you gotta get real with yourself and stop blaming the devil for everything thats going wrong in your life . have you ever stop to realize that is might be you ? Imjustsayin . 
I hate dream killers . Always tryna shoot down my dreams . Don't hate booboo . Imjustsayin ....... 
If you don't like me , tough cookie ! cuz this is who I am baby all day everyday ! 
glass , < PROPFEMALE > , and reputations can be easily broken ; never well mended . 
One person can effect the whole crowd ! 
living my lifee like its < PROPFEMALE > ! 
so who wants to txt me on my NEW PHONE ! 
so I am about to march for homecoming . 
Life is so unpredictable , you have too take it one day at a time . 
so its after 3 in the morning and I am feeling better than ever . 
I thank god that I am free . Freedom is sweet . I thank god for his continuous grace and mercy that sometimes I don't deserve . Lord I just thank you for everything . FREEDOM ! 
signing off in 5 ... 4 .... 3 ... 2 .. 1 Nighty night ! 
can't wait til I go and hit the bed . I NEED SOME SLEEP ! 
ohmigod my best friend is leaving . I am so happy but then I am a little sad . But this is all for god's < PROPFEMALE > . So to god be the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > Saintsbaby Every !!! 
it scary how sometimes you think you got it all good with god and you can be sinking . Singing in church ..... sinkin . playing the instruments ..... sinking . thats scary . 
The joy of the lord is my strength . And the gates of hell shall not prevail . 
just saw my girl for the last time tonight . I really will miss her so much . love you fayfay ! 
Ohmigod the freakin lights are off at comeaux ! 
I just can't believe he is really gone . My condolenses go to < PROPFIRST > Hebert's family . We love you < PROPFIRST > ! Gone but not forgotten . 
Funeral is tomorrow . Feeling anti-social right now . Don't text or call unless its about something important . 
Saturday came around fast . Lord just give me strength . 
you never know when your time is gonna be . So live each day like its your last . Life is too short . RIP < PROPFIRST > Hebert ! 
-TBH ? 
somebody hmu ! 
lord give my strength . thinkin it was a b-day I brought all my b-day things . I get to school and find out it is an a-day . this is just not my day at all . now I am unprepared and I don't like it at all . god please help me ! 
so annoyed . like this and I'll do the tbh thingy AGAIN ! 
settling into bed . like this status if you wanna txt ...... very bored . 
I hate when people go on and on about their drama , dumping all their problems and drama on somebody else . 
so I am on facebook ....... now what ??? 
Its after 6 o'clock in the morning . And I am up . Going read phillipians chapter 3:7 -10 and pray . later ...... 
It is after 1 in the morning and I can't sleep . Lord please let me sleep . 
I am too blessed to be stressed ; I have too much confidence in myself to be insecure about or intimidated by someone else . 
just ran for the first time in a long time . And to be honest it felt kinda good lol .... 
I'll keep holding on , I'll keeping holding on to you and I won't let go . 
I will keep holding on cuz I know you are strong enough to bring me out of this storm . No weapon formed against me shall prosper . 
something's gotta die , something's gotta give . I am sayin my goodbyes cuz I still gotta life to live . 
My face is clear . My smile is radiant . And I am as happy as a < PROPFEMALE > . When you obey god and your leadership , I believe everything will start to look different . I mean everything . 
Just finishing eating . Now I am layin down . Holla . 
never underestimate the power of a black girl , cuz we rock ! 
this is gonna be one crazy fun youth night lol . 
time to turn the mirror on me . not worry about nobody else and their issues . I am examining myself . 
If you love something , let it go . If it comes back , its your . If it doesn't , that means it never was . 
ask me a question in my inbox and I'll answer it on my status , c'mon I won't use your name . 
Q : why you stop talkin to me ? \ 
A : bcuz you really annoy me ! 
today is going to be a long rainy day . 
Q&A anyone ? 
Q : what ever happen tew our friendship ? \ 
A : I really don't know like . 
Q : what was your first impression of me ? \ 
A : you was quiet but goofy and crazy :) 
Q : u think I am cute ? \ 
A : why should my opinion even matter ? 
Q : do you ever think we will be close like we use to be ? \ 
A : honestly I don't think so :( sorry . 
Its raining and I hate this am history reading guide . I am really sleepy . 
Man I really miss alot of my old frins :( . Like this status if you are one of my old frins . 
man I am in church . waiting for it to start . somebody hmu . anybody . 
thank god for waking me up on this cold morning . 
in french . sub . andhungry . hmu . lol . 
Ima close my eyes and before I know it I'll be graduating . Wow time really flies . 
soooo bored . just got back frm < PROPMALE > world . man its still early dang . hmu . 
cold weather . I love it . now all I need is my bible and some hot chocolate . 
Only god can judge me .. 
lord just keep every one in perfect peace . 
watchn friday ; washin clothes ; another borin saturday nite .... 
thank god for letting me see a day that wasn't promise . 
I am hungry who wants to feed me ! Lol . 
I know its old but tbh ? 
what if ..... 
this flesh is only temporary , my real home is in heaven . 
is breaking the bond ....... 
Happy Thanksgiving to all . Psalms 100:4 ; Enter into his gates with thanksgiving , and into his courts with praise : be thankful unto him and bless his holy name . 
awaken by the rain hitting the window pane . 
Cold weather = Boot shopping :) 
chilln in rotc . lord plz send some air my way . it is freakin hot and muggy . ugh ! 
It may be cold outside but I rather be freezin here , than in hell burning up :O 
unless you have gone thru what I have gone through then don't judge me . 
Heaven waits for me and you and You and YOU too ! 
I am staying off facebook the rest of December . The next time you will hear frm me is next yr on January 4 . Dueces . 
I thank god for letting me see another christmas ! Spent alittle bit of time with fam today . It felt so good to spent time with them . Now I am chilling . Seeing what the rest of my day is gonna be like . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! \ 
FYI : Birthday is in 9 days :) 
I miss my fam already .... I wanna cry :'( 
Falling maybe the easy part , but the hardest part is getting back up . 
sooo bored and it ain't even midnight ....... this sucks . 
I was a fighter in the world and Ima be a fighter in the church . I am not gonna let let the devil punk me out this year . I refuse to go into 2011 with the same crap I dealt with in 2010 . I have a second < PROPMALE > to get it right . So I am going in to 2011 SWINGING ! 
God grants < PROPFEMALE > to those who love it and are always ready to defend it . 
ohmigod the satellite keeps going out . this is ridiculous . lord help ! hmu ! 
Its crazy when don't have a status lol . 
happy to b in church just wanna break down in tears . 
Just got out of church . It was off the chain . Now its Q&A time . Anybody inbox me . 
2010 a year that brought along its share of good and bad . but I am just happy to know that in approx . 3 days , 9 hours and 59 minutes , I will have made to 2011 and the age of 17 years old . Thank you Jesus ! 
in 2011 .... like it . 
Its the New year and it seems like everybody is breaking up ............ sad :-| 
Thought for today : \ The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space . \"" 
Thank you god for letting me see 17 yrs old . 
I almost let the devil use me ! In church ! But I refuse to let him use or get to me . My birthday will be awesome til the end . 
Some people say walking takes too long \ 
But I say with walking you can't go wrong \ 
Why should you rush all way through life ? \ 
You won't get very far running all the time\ 
Look at me \ 
I'm trying \ 
Every day \ 
I fall down \ 
Make mistakes \ 
Get back up \ 
Try again \ 
Next time that \ 
You see me 
like this and i'll tell you my honest feelings about you . 
Throughout life some people will treat you unjustly and cause a deep scar in your heart . LET GO AND LET GOD DEAL WITH WHAT THEY DO . Hate would only consume you . Instead , you should move forward with faith that God is always by your side and as long as you treat others fairly and with compassion , believe that the tears you cried in the past will certainly be replaced with innumerable blessings from Him ... soon 
just found out I passed my abundant life class with a 91 average ! To god be the < PROPFEMALE > ! That means if I can accomplish this I can do anything . 
When a girl ceases to blush , she has lost the most powerful charm of her beauty . 
dreamed about soe Mcdonalds cookies now I want some . kmsl 
on my way to beaumount . somebody hit me up . 
Made it to beaumount . I am tired already and I ain't even did anything yet 
No matter what I may lose this year , No matter what I may gain this year as long as I got god everything will be alright . 
if I can finish abundant life with victory , then I know that I can and will finish everything with victory . 
What do i like about you . \ 
Do I see us goin out \ 
Do I think your pretty/sexy .? \ 
Do I want your number ? \ 
What do I rate yuh \ 
... Do I see us hanging out\ 
To be real . \ 
#Like :) 
\Don't make someone a priority if you are only an option ......... \"" 
missed church to stay home and take care of my sick mother ..... I am such a good daughter who loves her mother :) 
I just finish talkn to my long lost bestfriend :( \ 
#tears 
Lord please let me make it thru the rest of the day . Not feeln well . 
Out of the depths I cry to you , \ 
Lord , hear my voice . . . \ 
From my fears , failures and sins , \ 
I cry to you . \ 
Lord , hear my voice . \ 
From the depths of my heart I cry to you , \ 
from the darkness of myself . \ 
From life's shadow I cry to you . \ 
Lord , hear my voice\ 
For you are merciful , Lord , \ 
forgiving to us all . \ 
And so I wait , Lord , \ 
your mercy comes as sure as the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Song of the day : \We need a word from the lord \"- Vickie Winans " 
In < PROPFEMALE > . Bored . Good time at church today . 
When one door of happiness closes , another opens ; But often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us . 
I am so happy !. I just found out I can upgrade on the 25th or the 27th of this month . I thank you jesus ! lol 
Really starting to realize you can't trust and depend on nobody but god . 
Just found out my upgrade is not until February 27th not January ! Ugh I am so upset but it's okay lol 
who wants to bring me some cranes .... I would really appreciate it . lol . 
just finish my hair ......... military ball tonight can't wait :) 
If you can't handle small things god gives you then you don't have to worry about him giving you the big stuff\ 
#Real 
Its one thing to be bored and at home , but its another thing when you bored , at home , and SICK ! WHY ME LORD . 
Sometimes you have to realize who is really for you and against you . 
Ohmigod I hate being SICK ! Ugh ! 
Lord thank you for putting that sleepy spell on me :) Nite fb . 
makin an attempt to go to school today lord please give me strength 
Lord heal my body please lord ...... I really don't like missing church much :( 
In home furniture cuttin up lol . Actin like a kid in a < PROPFEMALE > store lol . 
The great reversal : Many who are first will be last and many who are last will be first . 
Some people come into our lives and quickly go . Some stay for a while , leave footprints on our hearts , and we are never , ever the same . 
Loving the weather right now . 
When you get feed up with the same stuff year after year you start to take charge . 
Man this is getting serious . No school tomorrow . Everybody please be safe on the roads . 
The way I see it , if you want the rainbow , you gotta put up with the rain 
Work like you don't need the money . Love like you've never been hurt . Dance like nobody's watching . 
I rather sit in a corner by myself with a puppy & a goldfish and be at peace , then to have someone in my life and I am wonder why I ain't got no peace . 
if you don't want ppl talkn about you , don't give them something to talk about ! 
If you love me , comment on this status . \ 
If you think I'm a good friend , like this status . ( :\ 
If you ever had a crush on me , poke me . ( ;\ 
If you hate me , message me and tell me why . ) :\ 
If you're not scared , post this as your status !!! 
lord why do I just feel like crying ? lol . man I feel so overwhelmed and Idk why lol . 
just drop my ace boon coon back to job corps ( flaboyant ) man I swear I miss her already .... but I still got my ace boogie(komplicated ) . I love these chicks fareal . 
Lafayette in t-minus 15 mins ...... lol 
remember when ........ like it . 
God can give the power to break the chains off of your life . All you gotta do is ask . 
lunchtime :) 
just slipped in the shower ............ feel like I broke my tailbone . OUCH ! that just made me wanna go to sleep ...... GOODNIGHT :( 
Tailbone still hurts alittle . I have feeling today is gonna be a long day ...... 
Just finish rearranging my room . I feels so much roomier in here lol . 
Ohmigod I want the HTC inspire 4g ...... and I think my mommy might buy it for me hehe . 
Happy Valentines Day Fb :) 
good friends are like stars , you don't always have to see them to know they are always there . 
sitting in math ..... there is a sub and everybody took it upon themselves to leave ...... hmu somebody . 
The hardest test in life is forgiveness . 
There comes a time in life where you can be cool , then there is a time in life you gotta act like a fool to get results :) 
Hold my hand lord while I'm on this tedious journey <----------------------- Where you at Komplicated lol :) 
Sometimes I wonder how some children was raise ......... \ 
#wonderin ' 
Instead of some spring cleaning this year , I am going to do some spring fasting ...... 
the music you listen to in the morning can affect you whole day ....... \ 
#seriously 
I hate getting my feelings crush ........ lord help . 
I just realized that when you are a leader you have to watch what you do in front of ppl . Thanks bishop ..... I really understand where you are coming from now ... 
I am not going back , I'm moving ahead , I'm here to declare to you my past is over , in you , all things a made new , surrender my life to christ , I'm moving , moving forward .. 
Some days I just feel like giving up . But then I have to realize that god didn't bring me this far for me to just throw in the towel ..... 
I just learned something cool . \ 
M . A . D . \ 
Mutual Assured Destruction 
No matter how hard you may try to hide it , if you a child of god its gonna show . 
Chilling to the game at brown park . Hmu :) 
< PROPFEMALE > sat so < PROPFIRST > could walk . < PROPFIRST > walk so Obama could run . Obama ran so our children could fly ... 
I think I am about to die . 
You can't be like everybody else when you are brought with a price . 
I can't hold it , ( cuz you don't know how ) much the lord has done for me .. 
I am my mother's child ... 
Even though he knew sometimes I'd fall , yet and still my name he called , he loves me . Jesus I am so grateful for your love . 
sometimes its good to be alone ...... gives you time to work on yourself 
Haha the devil thought he was gonna stop me from walking across the stage <----------- nigga you lie haha ! I am doing so good in school right now and it was only by god that I have made it this far ... 
Man why do ppl misunderstood some of the stuff I put on fb :/\ 
#misunderstood 
really thinking about deactiving my facebook seriously <-------------- and not activating it again . \ 
#thinking 
You are holy , oh so holy , you are holy oh so holy , what a privilege and an honor to worship at your throne , to be called into your presence as your own . 
Shout out to < PROPFEMALE > Pratt Haygood .... Although we have our arguments and disagreements , you are still my mommy and I am still your daughter . I love you mommy ! 
Today is going to be a smooth day ..... despite the rain :) 
sittin in american history watchn October Sky ... Love this movie 
I don't care what nobody say . Comeaux did their thing and even though they didn't win , made this far and I am happy . Good Job boys .... ya'll did ya'll thing tonight ! \ 
#comeauxtilIdie 
Lord knows I wanna march .... but I can't do it . 80% < PROPMALE > of rain !? So I am chillin today booyah ! 
Jesus ! You keep on ........ looking out ...... for me ! 
You can't buy love ...... If you could buy love Christ wouldn't have had to go to Calvary . 
My name is peaceful .... 
You bless me over and over and over again ..... 
Cooking . And to say it's my first time really cooking I am doing a great job . To god be the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Everybody be careful tonight .... There is a tornado watch in effect for our area . 
About to lay myself down to rest ..... long day tomorrow . Later fb . 
Lord help me and my mind ....... jesus plz ! Aotcm praise him for me tonight plz ! 
yes lord ! I am going to church ! YES LORD AOTCM HERE I COME ! 
I got revived and refueled tonight at church .... It was meant for me to be there tonight :) 
I smile even though I hurts see I smile , I know god is working so I smile , even though I been here for a while , I SMILE :) 
Take what you have and run with it you'll be surprise how far it will take you . I just encouraged myself lol :) 
Today my name is sunshine 
What a peaceful sunday night ! 
Hmmmm who feels like bringing me lunch lol , but seriously . 
My god ! It time to get it right people the six year old boy that died today should have been a wake up call for everyone .... 
New phone today ! I am sooooo HAPPY ! 
I am loving my phone already :) 
This seem so profound to me .... god would not put you in a position to be tested if you didn't know anything about it ..... 
Peace be still 
God knows what's best for us . Some of the stuff we want him to give us he doesn't because he knows we can't handle it . 
purpose by design :) 
I am standing in the need of prayer < PROPFIRST > P . < PROPFIRST > , now playing . 
If law was still like it was in exodus 20 , a lot of us would have our tongues . Lol seriously . 
Today is one of those days I wish I could just float away on a cloud ..... just me and Jesus . 
Finally finish testing . Thank god . I did good . Hmu . 
Lord right now I really need you to keep me . 
Although the end of my day was rough ... I still had a blessed and joyful day . I can honestly say the lord is about to start blessing his people financially . 
Blah . 
If you change the way you look at things , the things you look at change . 
Experiencing the negative emotions is part of life . Only if we are able to go through them with our full consciousness can we also appreciate and benefit from the positive ones 
Sunday starting off bad already ...... My phone hasn't been receiving texts messages since yesterday . Lord help me . 
beautiful sunday ... just finish putting rollers in my hair .... ( new technique :) ..... relaxing 
Lots to think about , nothing to worry about . 
Sometimes you have to forget about what you want and remember what you deserve . 
If I have ever learn anything in this world I have learned this , people are going to talk about you til the day you die . Whether what they are saying is true or not , people are going to talk . So when I saw somebody talking about me today ... I didn't get mad nor did I blow up because I knew that person didn't know me and what he/she was saying wasn't true . So I let em ' talk\ 
#real 
Inbox me questions , I am bored :) 
Though it maybe a rainy day .. my smile will shine through it all 
Reppin ' the KINGDOM ! 
There ain't not testimony if you have gone through a test , ain't no message if you have gone through a test 
Lord knows that it was only him that kept me today ....... 
I walking in authority , living life without apology , its not wrong dear I belong here so you minus well get use to me ... 
My mom put a rinse in my hair today !!!!!!!! It came out so pretty :) 
Can't nobody put you in a heaven or hell so don't be ashame when you have fallen . 
I hate when you take a nap after school and you be up all night . Man ! 
I am calling for all my leaders and my church family ..... right I could use some words of wisdom and encouragement 
I thank everyone was an encouragement to me today . There is nothing like a awesome church family . Just like < PROPMALE > I am fighting for my life . 
“For every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it . For every truth there is an ear somewhere to hear it . For every love there is a heart somewhere to receive it . ” 
Nothing is Impossible , the word itself says \I'm possible \"" 
