I think that now that he is dead everyone has suddenly forgotten that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > liked little boys . Im not torn up about it and I think its creepy that some people are as sad about it as they are . 

I am playing Farmville and watching Lopez Tonight on youtube in A.P. Gov . right now ... School is amazing . 
I am shopping/freezing my pants off in Seattle !! YAY !!! 
Really wishes they was a magical homework < PROPFEMALE > 
Can't wait for the THMS Science Fair to be over and is horrified that she has to repeat the procress in 3 weeks : , ( 
I like giving peope that are mean ass cookies at Get Sweet lol 
I won something at SARSEF !! YAY !!! At first my goal was to not cry during judging lol but it turned out to be tons of fun and I will get a prize for the stress and BS it put me through : ) 
I won 2nd place in the medical science catagory at AzSEF !! YAY ! ( AzSEF is the state science fair ) THMS kicked some phoenix butt and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are going to ISEF !! : ) 
I took a picture with < PROPFEMALE > Huerta today ! 
I can't wait until prom !! Yay !! : ) 
Oops ... I forgot to name the < PROPMALE > in the last post . It is HB 2281 that I am talking about . 
I am not looking forward to waking up at 4:30 am , but I am excited about being in < PROPMALE > where I can wear coats and long sleeve t-shirts . : ) 
I just got back from < PROPMALE > ! I love that city so much . It has the coffeeshopliberalness of Seattle and the sunnyness of Tuscon . Except it is freezing in the winter . 
I am getting ready to sleep at the school for a vigil against HB 2281 . We r going to take shifts sleeping back to back which should be interesting . Then I have the pleasure of going to school . At least I won't be late : P 
OMG ! TUSD Chicano Studies is in the LA Times : ) 
It means so much to me and I am incredibly honored to have the support of my community . I am so filled with the love for my classes , friends and community and with their love for me that my heart may explode : ) ( thats a good thing ) 
I am proud of what we did today and have no regrets , nor should anyone else . We stood up against the oppressors of this State and gave a voice to those who cannot speak out . 
You can obviously tell that the news on channel 4 is much less unbiased that 9 , 11 and 13 . Fox , which was either 11 or 13 is the worst . The journalist was also really rude and pushy and many people refused to give him interviews . 
I was pleasantly surprised that out presentation didn't suck ass . 
How many high school students can say CNN visited my classroom today ? Really ... I want a number lol : P 
Wow ... this is may last day of public school . HECK YES !!! 
In 10 hours I will begin U of A orientation ! Yay ! 
I am FINALLY done with my U of A schedule . It took me FOREVER , with all the research on professors and trying to find classes that wouldn't conflict it was a pain in the butt . I will be taking either 14 or 16 credits next semester , I havent decided yet . I am so excited to not have to be somewhere at 8am . Now on Mon and Wed I start at 9 , Tue is 11 , Thur is only one evening class at 5:30 pm and Fri is 11 . : ) 
England plays soccer dirty ... just like their teeth : P 
It is super awesome that Mexico beat < PROPFEMALE > and Switzerland beat Spain ! : ) I can't wait to see which good teams will majorly f-up next : P 
Did anyone else notice a political message in Toy Story 3 ? I would list the reasons why I think so but I don't want to spoil its awesomeness for anyone who hasn't seen it yet . 
There should be a limit to how hot it is allowed to be . Then if it passes the limit the power switch to the sun should just be turned off ... 
I am going to Europe !!!! I have a 14 hour flight ( with 2 layovers ) to Frankfurt , Germany . PLEASE DO FACEBOOK MESSAGE ME !!!!! I will miss everyone and I would love to hear from mi amigos all the time about anything , it doesn't have to be super exciting but your specific typing will remind me of your personality and it will make me smile ( depending on who is messaging me ) lol 
DO NOT TEXT OR CALL ME !!! Until August 8th , when I will be home : ) Please just stick to facebook messages or emails at erin_cain_hodge@yahoo.com . 
Im alive !!! I have successfuly landed in Germany and everything is fine . I have my own room and my family is very nice . I cant belive I am all the way across the ocean from all mi amigos y familia . We are going into town ( Darmstadt ) today to see if there are Green Day tickets left so I can go with them on July first . : ) 
OMG ! So at the grocery store in Darmstadt they are having an American week . They are selling nasty looking pre cooked pancakes that are like 2 inches thick , pickels , hot dogs in a jar abd swirl bottles of ketchup , mayonnaise and mustard . It was too funny . 
Green Day was AMAZING !!! Even if you are not giant fans you must see them before you die lol . It is obvious that they put a lot of time , effort and money into making it a good experience . Some good bands really suck live , but Green Day gets even better . 
If politicans had the hearts and brains to really understand the destruction the immigration system causes families and how badly is screws with peoples lives something would be done about it by now . 
In Germany people eat doughnuts , pizza and french fries with a knife and fork . All I have to say is WTF ?!?!?!?!?!? 
Go The Netherlands !!! I hope Germany kicks ass and makes Spain cry ! lol 
I am officially the shortest member of my family : ( I think I deserve monetary compensasion and a sorry note lol 
No !!! Germany lost : ( But at least Spain is a good team and they are also a very good looking team except for that guy that scored ( bleck ) . Germany is super hot too and thats all that matters lol . 
Okay , so in Germany the garbage trucks are < PROPFEMALE > - Benz . WTF ? 
Attention ! : Boo boo's and bad asses lol you know who you are ... \ 
When I get back I want to < PROPFEMALE > with you all so much that we are sick of eachother okay ? We have a lot of time to make up for some of us being gone : ) 
On the bottle of ' salsa ' at the grocery store in Germany it say that it is ' Tomato Chile Sauce ' lol . 
Did anyone else notice the < PROPMALE > goalies butt yesterday ? lol cause his last name is BUTT : P 
NO !! NO !!! NO !!! Not Spain GODAMN !!!! As I said before , at least they are overall sexy ... Was I the only one who wanted to beat the shit out of the referee ? The Netherlands deserved to win cause the referee was a lil fu ! ker and Spain has some really fugly players and havent they like never won before ? Anyway , Spain can suck it and I think some of their ' injurys ' were BS and I hope that the Netherlands win next time . 
I love < PROPFIRST > !!! I had my first rude French waiter experience with < PROPFIRST > at dinner last night , which was interesting . I also took the metro to a palace and saw the outside of the Louvre , Arc of Triumph and Notre Damn . The weather is really nice here , not as hot or humid as I thought it would be . My favorite part of the city so far is around St. Germain . 
I saw a French dude peeing in a corner of the Metro station yesterday . I am now scarred for life . 
Even CNN Internationa is covering SB 1070 . They are doing a whole week of immigration around the world because of it . 
SB 1070 is also in Aljazeera right now and they played a clip of < PROPFEMALE > Garcia 
It is very frusterating hearing about protests and action in your home from foreign news stations on a different continent and knowing how awesome it must be , but not being able to be there : ( I am seriously amazed at the attention SB 1070 is getting internationally . It is all over the place , even on the non-english news stations . 
So ... I know that what is going on in Tucson and Phoenix is awesome but honestly I am a bit confused to what exactly is going down . If anyone could please fill me in on the blocking of traffic and the people getting arrested in PHX that would be much appreciated . 
I think that what we could call sexual harrassment , the French call flirting lol . Not that anything imparticular has happened ... its just an observation . 
I messed up my laundry and my white shorts are now my light blue shorts lol 
I will be home on Sunday !! And I turn 18 in less than 48 hours : ) I am seeing Versailles tomorrow , the Louvre during the day on Wednesday and then at night the Eiffel Tower . 
Thank you all for the birthday messages on my < PROPFEMALE > . That is so sweet . I also want to give a really big thank you to you all who wrote me letters . < PROPFIRST > gave them to me when we were on top of the Eiffel Tower and she has me crying on video . That really touched my heart , that even though I am so far away I am still with all my friends and family in spirit . I have read all of them tonight and I love every single one . 
I leave Frankfurt at 10:50 am on Sunday . After my 9hr flight to Detriot , 4hr flight to PHX and 2hr drive home I will be home at about 8:00 pm on .... Sunday ! : ) 
I will be on a plane home in 3 hours !! 
I am home ! After 16 hours of travel time I am finally back in Tucson . : ) 
I dont think many people in the world understand how it feels to walk out of your house and want to cry because it is so hot outside . Or what it is like to literally feel the sun burning you skin . 
I am so happy it rained ! I thought our neighbors tree was gonna fall down the cause of the wind though . It is almost as if rain is our reward for putting up with the weather from hell . 
I had this plan that I would bike to the U of A three days a week , and I tried it out today and that is no longer the plan lol . It took me 45min just to get from Alvernon to Mountain on the bike path so I bet it would take me 1.5 hours to get to school , which totally defeats the purpose of having class start at 11 . 
Gabe is Quaigon < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > is Obi < PROPFEMALE > and I am Anakin Skywalker . We decided < PROPFIRST > Lopez was Yoda ... Apparently < PROPFEMALE > s new dream is to be Yoda . This stuff really only makes sense if you are apart of the boo boo's and bad chicks krew , but you can try lol 
I got my very own laptop !! It is a super cute pink HP netbook : ) 
So ... who else is a little freaked out about tomorrow ? 
I have been to 2 of my college classes so far and I havent cried lol . My LGBT studies class is cool and my U.S. History class is lookin like a snoozer but o ' well . I still cant believe that I am not just visiting this campus . I have never seen such a high concentration of white people in Tucson lol it is very weird . 
Dude ! The rain is crazy ! The light at Tucson and Speedway is out and a tree next to the trident bar and grill totally uprooted . Colombus was flooding really badly and this guy got sprayed by this car and mom and I couldnt stop from laughing lol 
Is anyone else taking Biology at the U of A this semester ? 
I am now a proud owner of an iPhone 4 !! : ) 
We need to launch a help < PROPFIRST > with her bio homework network , ok ? Cause Braulio and I don't know what the heck we are doing . 
I keep having these ingenious plans to get ahead in my homework , but they never work out cause my homework just never ends . : ( 
Yay ! I have survived my first two college exams : ) 
The Town is a freakin fantastic movie . < PROPMALE > Affleck is hot lol . 
My english essay talks a lot about racism . One of the guys that peer edited my paper circled a bunch of sections and said he just didnt understand what my point was or he didnt get what I was talking about . I am not sure at this point if my writing is legitimately confusing or if he is just really out of the loop on racism ... 
I just wrote two essays in 50 < PROPFEMALE > . One on technological advances that allowed cities to grow and the other on westward expansion ... oh joy . 
I am sooo greatful to sparknotes right now lol . Without them , I would actually have to read horrible , boring books . : P 
Mmmmm brains !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > quotes : \ I wanna squeeze u cuz u have a big head\ " and \ " your so lucky charmish ! \ " lucky charmish is her way of saying a person looks really < PROPFEMALE >." 
< PROPFEMALE > \what's that thing with the food inside and you press the button ? \ " Me \ " a vending machine ? \"" 
How do books become classics ? It is definitely not because they are entertaining , or good . Have you ever read The Oddessy ? Cause it SUCKS ! 
So , my email was hacked or something and is sending spam to people on my contact list . I am sooo sorry and I dont know how that happened . But , I also have no idea how to make it stop . So if anyone does know how to make it stop , then please share it with me . : ) 
I love three dollar Wednesdays : ) 
Erin : I want some indian food . Celina : I think I saw some funnel bread over there . Erin : do u mean fry bread ? 
Oh . My . God . Who else is watching the jersey shore edition of south park ? 
Guess who got an A on her math midterm ?... ME : ) 
If your girlfriend is taller than you , can you still call her shorty ? 
I am sooo excited ! Tomorrow Glee is gonna be < PROPMALE > Horror Picture themed , and then next Monday < PROPFIRST > Swifts new CD comes out !! : ) 
I love the new < PROPFIRST > swift CD !!!! 
This essay is going to be the death of me : ( 
What the &@$ ! Is wrong with you Arizona !?!?!?!?! I have a dream ... That i will live in a state with people who value civil rights , who value education and who care about our communities well being . This election makes me really want Tucson to become the 51st state lol . It is so sad that people can &@$ ! Up so bad at their job and still be reelected . 
Voting for someone who has never been a teacher for state superintendent of public Instruction is like appointing someone who has never been in the military to secretary of defense . Again , WTF Arizona ?.... 
I have woken up at 550 to enroll in U of A classes because I am a freshman and I have to make sure that I get the classes that are least horrible . Enrolling for you classes at the U of A is THAT competitive . : ( 
I am so excited for the bonfire !!! I can't wait for this week to be over so I can have fun with all the boo boos and bad chicks !!! : ) 
I am so sick of the religious preacher people on the U of A campus . I AM NOT INTERESTED !! 
Happy Thankgiving/Things-taken day !!! I am super excited to be having a big delicious dinner with my awesome family : ) 
I was reading my facebook posts that I put up while I was in Europe and it made me really really thankful that I have such amazing friends and family cause they didn't forget about me even when I was so far away lol : ) 
< PROPFEMALE > kicked < PROPFEMALE > in the mouth on accident while they were playing and < PROPFEMALE>'s tooth fell out lol . < PROPFEMALE > was like \ thanks < PROPFEMALE >!\" she totally didn't care she got hit in the face . : P " 
In\ 
honor of rivalry week : Put this as your status if you know someone who \ 
suffers from being an Arizona State Fan . Being a Sun Devil Fan is a real\ 
disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure \ 
for SDFD & sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% \ 
of U of A fans will repost this simply because we know how to copy &\ 
paste , as well as tie our shoes 
Omg I couldn't find the elevator in the math building and I had to get to the 8th floor . I climbed the stairs and then once I got to the 8th floor guess what ... I found the elevator . : ( 
U of A ! U of A ! U of A ! Let's kick some ass ! 
13 < PROPFEMALE > paper = NO FUN .... now im going to do my OTHER 13 < PROPFEMALE > paper : ( 
I am so excited that my first semester of college is almost over !!! : ) 
I have decided that I have the most insane friends EVER . Its like , I wanna hangout with them in public , but we are too innapropriote to be out in public lol . But I still agree that the BC , BBB and GGG are the most entertaining people you will ever meet lol : ) 
You know your a college student when your definition of ' fancy ' is somwhere that doesnt have a drive through : P 
< PROPFEMALE > canes are ... the bones of reject elves . Lol 
I am going to Mexico for Christmas with mi amiga < PROPFEMALE > !!! We gonna partay !! lol : ) 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are having an awesome time in Mexico !! I have had so much beans and tortillas ... mmmm : ) 
The IRS says that tax exempt organizations cannot give substantial amounts of money to political campaigns and organizations but then LDS church gave millions of dollars to prop H8 and they are still tax exempt . WTF ? Is millions not a substantial amount of money ? 
19 people were shot , five of those have died . 
I'm waiting in line to see yo mamma Obama !!!! Yay !!! I really hope I get in . If I don't get into McKale then they are going to put the overflow into the football stadium which isn't ideal but its better than watching it at home on the T.V. I am sooo excited !!! I cant believe this is happening in Tucson : ) 
I got inside McKale !!! It was sooo awesome !! I am totally high on life right now lol . 
This semester is the first time I have taken a math class where there are obviously way more males than females . I'm in Math 120R which is pre-calculus and there are 21 guys and only 8 girls . I really hope that this is just a scheduling coincidence cause i would hate for the number of girls in calculus next semester to drop even more . 
Group work kills . 
I accidentally fed my cat dog food lol . Oops ... 
This kid I was babysitting just asked me what a cassette tape was . I have never felt so old in my life lol . 
Some a-hole , old white men are preaching about the evils of abortion on the u of a mall today ... : ( Why can't I learn in peace ? More importantly .. Why cant women on this campus who HAVE had abortions learn in peace ? It must have been an incredibly difficult decision but it was still THEIR decision . They choose what was right for THEM . You are not their god , they do not answer to you so go away ... 
Awww now like a block down there is a lady with a sign that says \ free hugs\ " : ) " 
Sheriff Dupnik : ) Thanks for telling the truth about the state we live in . Admitting that you have a problem is the first step to getting better . 
I'm happy there is an Aljazeera application for my iPhone . I just downloaded it and I like it a lot . It sucks that they don't have an actual T.V. channel here , like they do in Europe ... 
Our pipes froze ... again . 
I don't really care about the \Big Game\ " but ... GO PACKERS ! " 
Who just won the Superbowl ? I wasnt watching the game and I really only care about the end result lol . 
I haven't learned my lesson . I believe I never will . But I must remember my friends love me very much . They simply take advantage of my memory lapses . :) <3 God Bless the Bad Chicks , Boo Boos & Gossip Girl Gabe ! I love you guys ! 
I love my friends but ... I cannot trust them with my cell phone . I now have a passwords protected phone , to save it from my FRIENDS . Not strangers lol . 
So ... now that I have a password on my phone , all ' they ' can do it try to crack the code . All of their failed attempts resulted in my phone being DISABLED for 5 < PROPFEMALE > ... then they decided to try it again and now I can't use it for 15 < PROPFEMALE > . They have now lost their iPhone privleges for life . 
What is with the news channels in this country ? Things like genocide , people starving to death and female genital mutilation are happening and you are reporting on the Superbowl ?!?!? Ah ! That is just lazy journalism . 
Mubarak has resigned !!! Yay for Egypt ! 
Big News : My mom got a job at Microsoft and she is starting Feb 28th . Then , all three of us are going to move there in July : ) . I am going to miss Tucson lots and lots but living in Seattle is a great opportunity . Living there will be an exciting adventure , difficult at first but worth it in the end . Most of my family and all of my friends live here so I will b visiting very frequently . 
Woohoo ! I had an awesome night clubbin with my buddies ! I can't wait to do it next Wednesday lol .... As long as I am fully recovered by then . 
< PROPFIRST > sheen , < PROPFIRST > Connery and < PROPFIRST > brown have all had women come out and bring charges against them for assault or domestic violence . They all go to court get probation or whatever and then a month later they are back making millions like nothing ever happened . You know your world has problems when the media covers celebrity drug scandals and theft more than when they assault another human being . 
Wow the high in Seattle is 50 and the high for Tucson is about 80 ... 
Wow . CNN just advertised a special they are doing titled Unwelcome : The Muslims next door . Doesn't that sound like a horror movie ? Don't they realize that they are perpetuating islamaphobia by titling it that ? 
Irais\ I would marry < PROPFIRST > brown .. But then he would hit me : (\"" 
No quiero hacer < PROPFEMALE > pollo . No quiero hacer < PROPFEMALE > pato . Entonces muevo mi nalga ... My math class is soooo boring ! I translate strange things into Spanish when I get bored in math lol 
I am so excited for Cornel West ! I just got in line and I'm actually surprised that there are not more people here . 
