Happy New Years !!! :) 

Nothing to regret , no cringing voicemails .... priceless . Gratitude 
Wise Words : The key to wisdom is not how much you know , but how well you understand how little you know . 
Wise Words : Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something , loves something and has lost something . 
says Happy Easter Everyone ! 
says death before decaf ! 
î purpose in the universe . Do not let yourself slip back into the old ways of reacting . 
îWise Words : Be calm , be true , be quiet . Do not get emotionally upset by anything that happens around you . Feel a deep , inner security in the goodness and 
has six months .... :) 
had doughnuts and a rockstar for breakfast .. so healthy ! :) 
Just noticed the white arrow in the Fed Ex logo , between the e and the x . Weird .. has that always been there ? 
Oh the pull of my homebodyness is strong today .. pulling myself out of the house kicking and screaming ..... 
I have found my new favorite place to read , the lobby of the Provodence hospital . It is quiet , has a huge skylight , comfortable , and a little surreal .... Perfect ! 
believes he is allergic to alcohol , because every time he drinks he breaks out in handcuffs ... 
wonders if God might have invented Coffee for his \less than motavated children\ " like < PROPFIRST > this morning ........ " 
What a beautiful day ! < PROPFEMALE > days in Oregon are the best :) Have a fantastic day ! 
thinks we should do our best to face this and every day with peace and hope . 
thinks that those that leave nothing to < PROPMALE > will do few things ill , but they will do very few things . 
does not think there is something more peacefull , then being comfortable in bed with < PROPFEMALE > weather outside and purring happy cat on belly . 
is riding the wave ..... 
is sweating blood on the < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Funny bumper sticker : Don't make me come down there ! -- God :) 
thinks time takes care of a few things , love takes care of the rest . 
says thanks for the happy birthday wishes and that he can't wait to start using his aarp discounts ! 
thinks serenity now , insanity later .... 
just dropped in .... to see what condition my condition is in .... 
thinks it is not easy to find happiness in ourselves and it is not possible to find it anywhere else . 
thinks “texts from last night” is hilarious disconcerting and entirely additive . been saying one more < PROPFEMALE > for an hour . 
Happy screw you < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > day ! :) 
Steel is strong because it knew the hammer and white heat ..... Troubles always pass . 
Wise Words : You will turn over many a futile new leaf till you learn we must all write on scratched-out pages . 
Wise Words : When you live in reaction , you give your power away . Then you get to experience what you gave your power to . 
Wise Words : Never explain . Your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe it anyway . 
Wise Words : You can always tell a real friend when you've made a fool of yourself and they don't feel you've done a permanent job . 
Wise Words : Toss your dashed hopes not into a trash bin , but into a drawer where you are likely to rummage some bright morning . 
hates drinking dreams .... 
thinks age is a question of mind over matter ... if you don't mind , it doesn't matter . 
thinks you should decorate yourself from the inside out . 
Oh insecurity ... how i loath thee ..... 
Wise Words : It's hard to listen while you're planning something you think needs to be said . 
Wise Words : Handling criticism : If it's untrue , disregard it . If it's unfair , keep from irritation . If it's ignorant , smile . If it's justified , learn from it . 
Wise Words : It is better to sleep on things beforehand than lie awake about them afterwards . 
Wise Words : Be more concerned with your character than your reputation . Because your character is what you really are , while your reputation is merely what others think you are . 
Wise Words : Life can only be understood backward . It must be lived forward . 
Wise Words : I hear and i forget . I see and i remember . I do and i understand . 
has delt with the whole going bald thing(blamed parents ) but now has ear hair too ! Wtf ! What's next ? 
Wise Words : In matters of style , swim with the current ; in matters of principle , stand like a rock . 
thinks just be yourself , there are enough other people . 
Wise Words : When i die , i want to go peacefully like my grandfather did , in his sleep --- not screaming , like the passengers in his car . Happy Friday ! :) 
Sun 1 < PROPFIRST > 0 
is rolling down the street Smoking tobacco and Siping on regular juice Laid back ......... 
just realized he has embraced the \fist bump \"." 
thinks defeat is not bitter unless you swallow it . 
Every clumsy backward look will pay for itself . Every tear you've cried , or wanted to cry , will set your broken bones . 
thinks there is nothing wrong with striving for perfection , as long as we realize that we will never attain it . 
Optimist : Someone who isn't sure whether life is a tragedy or a comedy , but is tickled silly just to be in the play . 
Happy Full < PROPFEMALE > Everyone !! 
Wise Words : Physical strength is measured by what we can < PROPFEMALE > ; spiritual strength by what we can bear . 
Humility is not thinking less of ourselves , but thinking of ourselves less . :) 
is once again a Viking ! :) 
Wow ! What a beautiful sunrise ! :) 
Oh the < PROPMALE > is in prime form tonight . Humanity ...... Seriously ? 
thinks we should try to make the most of all that comes and the least of all that goes . 
I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind . Some come from ahead and some come from behind . But i've bought a big bat . I'm all ready you see . Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me ! 
Wise Words : Failure is the condiment that gives success it's flavor . 
Friendship = Not feeling awkward around another person . Priceless ! 
Wise Words : It's not easy taking my problems one at a time when they refuse to get in line . 
Wise Words : Better to lose count while naming your blessings than to lose your blessings to counting your troubles . 
Wise Words : Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . 
Just noticed i set my hat on the bed . Any suggestions to alleviate the bad luck i just bestowed on myself ? 
Wise Words : A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses . 
Is embracing the idea of being a perfectly imperfect human being . 
Wise Words : Let your love be like the < PROPFEMALE > rains , coming softly , but flooding the river . 
it's never a good sign when all the spoons are missing in rehab ...... 
thinks worry is just negative goal setting . 
Wise Words : Get away from the dream that you are but the effect of something and know you are Cause Itself ! 
nothing like finishing up a nice run with a cigarette .... the American way . 
Wise Words : Love does not consist of gazing at each other , but in looking together in the same direction . 
Wise Words : What lies behind us and what lies before us are < PROPFEMALE > matters compared to what lies within us . 
Wise Words : It's not who you are that holds you back , it's who you think you're not . 
Wise Words : Life's problems wouldn't be called \hurdles\ " if there wasn't a way to get over them . " 
Wise Words : Dreams are free .... so free your dreams . 
Wise Words : A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . 
Wise Words : Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk . 
Wise Words : Believe those who are seeking the truth . Doubt those who find it . 
Wise Words : Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth . 
Wise Words : Reason and Faith are both banks of the same river . 
At the end of class i put my hands out as if we were going circle up like at the end of a meeting ! The lady next to looked at me oddly . Woops ! :) 
Wise Words : When the pain is great enough , we will let anyone be Doctor . 
Wise Words : A stumble may prevent a fall . 
Embrace the squareness . 
So had a nice dose of humility today . I got a ticket for smoking on the < PROPMALE > platform , lucky though she wrote down the wrong last name . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is such a bad boy ! :) 
Going to Fright Town saturday the 9th of October , anyone want to go ? 
Wise Words : Some people walk in the rain , others just get wet . 
Wise Words : < PROPFEMALE > the friend who tells you a harsh truth , wanting ten times more to tell you a loving lie . 
Wise Words : Those who think it is permissible to tell white lies soon grow color blind . 
Wise Words : Pretty much all the honest truth telling in the world is done by children . 
Wise Words : My whole life is waiting for the questions to which i have prepared answers . 
Wise Words : Two roads diverged in a wood , and i took the one less traveled by , and that has made all the difference . 
thinks that the only normal people are the ones you don't know very well . 
Wise Words : Through effort , vigilance , restraint , and self-control , The wise person can become an island no flood will overwhelm . 
Wise Words : For one who is awake , whose mind isn't overflowing , whose heart isn't afflicted , and who has abandoned both merit and demerit ... Fear does not exist . 
Wise Words : Whoever recovers from doing evil by doing something wholesome , illuminates the world ... Like the < PROPFEMALE > set free from a cloud . 
Wise Words : We are never prepared for what we expect . 
Wise Words : The person whose conscience is easy , will never fear a knock on the door at midnight . 
Wise Words : Ah , so happily we live without hate among those with hate . Among people who hate , we live without hate . 
Wise Words : We have a choice everyday : To act on yesterday's good intentions or get an early start on tomorrows regrets . 
Wise Words : Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself . 
Wise Words : Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time . 
Wise Words : The important thing is this : To be able at any moment to sacrifice that which we are for what we could become . 
Note to self : When getting on the < PROPMALE > , please notice before the doors close that everyone is holding their nose closed . Then pick a different car . 
The < PROPMALE > this time of night is like tfln , only live . 
Wise Words : Do what you can , with what you have , where you are . 
Wise Words : It's hard to have a good day with a bad attitude , and it's hard to have a bad day with a good attitude . 
Wise Words : An important psychological principle is that if we want to change the way we feel , we must first change the way we act . 
Wise Words : My days , one at a time , consist of reality , created by God , plus my attitude , created by me . God and I are thus co-creators of my day . 
90 in 90 is really cramping my lazy ...... 
You keep playin ' where you shouldn't be a playin'/and you keep thinkin ' that you'll never get burnt/Ha ! /I just found me a brand new box of matches and what he knows you ain't had time to learn . 
Wise Words : If you don't get lost , there's a < PROPMALE > you may never be found . 
Wise Words : Everyone should strive to learn before they die what they are running from , and to , and why . 
Wise Words : They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night . 
is saving the earth one freezing ass < PROPMALE > after another ...... brrrrr ! 
Wise Words : The road to success is always under construction . 
Really interesting , moving . http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=90526632 
Wise Words : Worrying is like a rocking chair , it gives you something to do , but it gets you nowhere . 
is going to Federal Prison today ....... 
Wise Words : Feelings are much like waves , we can't stop them from coming but we can choose which one to surf . 
Wise Words : If things go wrong , don't go with them . 
Wise Words : Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow . 
Wise Words : If you can find a path with no obstacles , it probably doesn't lead anywhere . 
Wise Words : Life is a test . It is only a test . Had this been a real life you would have been instructed where to go and what to do . 
Everybody knows , the bird is the word ! 
Wise Words : Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors . 
Wise Words : I keep the telephone of my mind open to peace , < PROPFEMALE > , health , love , and abundance . Then whenever doubt , anxiety or fear try to call me , they keep getting a busy signal - and soon they'll forget my number . 
Does anyone know why the flags in Portland are half mast ? 
Wise Words : Better bread with water than cake with trouble . 
Everyone says , \don't wait till the last minute . \ " Why are they so hell-bent on taking away my most productive time ? " 
Work tip : Always have a half eaten sandwich on your desk so it appears that you have been too wrapped up in work to eat . 
Wise Words : Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday . 
Wise Words : My life has been full of terrible misfortunes , most of which never happened . 
Black Swan is AMAZING .... see it !! 
Wise Words : When you're feeling your worst , that's when you get to know yourself the best . 
Wise Words : God instructs the heart , not by ideas , but by pains and contradictions . 
Wise Words : Never be bullied into silence . Never allow yourself to be made a victim . Accept no one's definition of your life ; define yourself . 
Wise Words : For peace of mind , resign as general manager of the universe . 
Quiet sense of calm ..... 
Wise Words : I have learned to live each day as it comes , and not to borrow trouble by dreading tomorrow . It is the dark menace of the future that makes cowards of us . 
Wise Words : Wanna fly , you got to give up the shit that weights you down . 
Relating to the squirrel i saw this morning gathering leaves for it's nest . 
Wise Words : Most of our faults are more pardonable than the means we use to conceal them . 
Wise Words : Courage is resistance to fear , mastery of fear , not absence of fear . 
Wise Words : Love is an act of endless forgiveness , a tender look which becomes a habit . 
Wise Words : You can't wring your hands and roll up your sleeves at the same time . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !! 
Wise Words : The man who wins may have been counted out several times , but he didn't hear the referee . 
Wise Words : Bad is never good until worse happens . 
Wise Words : Life is either a daring adventure or nothing . To keep our faces toward change and behave like free spirits in the presence of fate is strength undefeatable . 
Wise Words : Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . 
Wise Words : Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save . 
Wise Words : I pray that i may < PROPFEMALE > good things into the year ahead . I pray that i may < PROPFEMALE > on with faith , with prayer , and with hope . 
By GGG , it is going to be a fantastic and beautiful day ! Yay ! 
Wise Words : Success is getting what you want ; happiness is wanting what you get . 
Wise Words : If you don't like how things are , change it ! You are not a tree . 
Wise Words : Reason is not automatic . Those who deny it cannot be conquered by it . Do not count on them . Leave them alone . 
Really feels like phoning it in today ..... 
Wise Words : Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness ; it is generally the by-product of other activities . 
Wise Words : The more sympathy you give , the less you need . 
Wise Words : When you come to the end of your rope , tie a knot and < PROPFEMALE > on . 
Wise Words : Happiness doesn't come from doing what we like to do but from liking what we have to do . 
Wise Words : Make the most of all that comes and the least of all that goes . 
Wise Words : Enjoy the little things , for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things . 
Had a double esspresso and a < PROPFEMALE > bar instead of a rockstar and a < PROPFEMALE > bar because you gotta make healthy choices ! 
Wise Words : Forgiveness is the fragrance that the < PROPFEMALE > sheds on the heel that has crushed it . 
Is it going to rain today or what , always teasing us with the promise of rain ..... 
Wise Words : Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place , but far more difficult still , to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment . 
Wise Words : Our human < PROPFEMALE > is not perfection but growth . 
There is 5 < PROPFEMALE > Thai , then there is OMG i think i am losing the ability to see color , 5 < PROPFEMALE > Thai . Whew ! 
Wise Words : Adopt the pace of nature : her secret is < PROPFEMALE > . 
Wise Words : It is well to remember that the entire population of the universe , with one trifling exception , is composed of others . 
Wise Words : Conscience warns us as a friend before it punishes as a judge . 
Wise Words : There's something wrong if you're always right . 
Is so happy to be able to leave is umbrella at home today ! 
Wise Words : Learn to laugh ; it is a discipline to be mastered . Let go of the everlasting burden of always needing to sound profound . 
:( ....... 2/9/11 ...... hopper ... 8 by 8 = Gratitude beyond words . 
Wise Words : A mind which presently is clouded by illusions originating from the innate darkness of life is like a tarnished mirror , but once it is polished it will become clear , reflecting the enlightenment of immutable truth . 
Whoa pdx , wtf , is it winter or something ? Brrrrrr ! 
Happy Birthday to The Man in Black . 143 
Bumper sticker : \If you lived in your heart you'd be home by now . \ " Word . " 
Wise Words : ( About the realm of falling in love , etc . ) \There is still a great deal unknown about this phenomenon capable of transporting an ordinarily \ " civilised\ " man and woman in to a state which under other circumstances we would associate only with a frothing lunatic . \ " :) " 
I think a Wolf has invaded my stomach , so hungry lately ! 
Wise Words : The sword in its scabbard , and the tongue in its place , will never cause tears to be shed . 
Wise Words : The house of pride is usually empty . 
Is willing today to be perfectly imperfect . 
Wise Words : When it becomes clear that you cannot find out by reasoning whether the cat is in the linen-cupboard , it is Reason herself who whispers , \Go and look . This is not my job : it is a matter for the senses . \ " :) " 
Wise Words : There are many bleached bones on the battlefield of decision , because at the moment of decision , people pause and die in the waiting . 
Wise Words : The mind makes false assumptions and deludes itself . 
Wise Words : Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't . 
Wise Words : It's okay to look at the past , just don't stare . 
Wise Words : Courage is simply the willingness to be afraid and act anyway . 
Wise Words : In the depths of winter , i finally learnt in me there was an invincible summer . 
Love is real ..... real is love . 
Wise Words : I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how i react to it . And so it is with you . We are in charge of our Attitudes . 
Wise Words : Until you make peace with who you are , you'll never be content with what you have . 
Wise Words : The good life is a process , not a state of being . It is a direction , not a destination . 
Wise Words : Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory . 
Wise Words : Life can only be understood Backward , but it must be lived Forward . 
Has the worst headache ever , boo ..... sucks you can't get Flintstones chewable morphine anymore ! 
Wise Words : A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way . 
Wise Words : Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones . 
Wise Words : Wisdom is the quality that keeps you from getting into situations where you need it . 
Wise Words : Whatever we worship , short of God , is sure to be our undoing . 
Wise Words : I have had dreams and i have had nightmares , but i have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams . 
Wise Words : I'm afraid to win , and afraid to lose ; i hate a draw and can't stop competing ; otherwise i'm fine . 
Wise Words : The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others . 
Wise Words : Look at life through the windshield , not the rear-view mirror . 
Wise Words : A true friend is someone who thinks you are a good egg even though they know you are slightly cracked . 
Can't believe he just had Cheetos and a Rockstar for lunch . You got to make healthy choices ! ;) 
Ummmm .... Voodoo Doughnuts . Yummy ! :) 
Wise Words : One should always play fair when one has the winning cards . ;) 
Wise Words : Never miss an opportunity to make others happy , even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it . 
