finally got a face book 

might get her cell phone turned off due to hear dumb . 
its raining all day today ! i dont know if im still going to the festival 
is going to a gay bar tonight with a bunch of girls :3 ima have fun :D 
Who's going to reactor ? Cause i need a room hoes xD 
boredness 
so pissed off , what a shittastic day ! 
gettin off line to go make myself some not my moms cookin ! 
has stupid homework idk what the hell i am doing -sigh- 
hmn 
worried shell spend halloween alone once again ... 
I HATE FARMVILLE ! HATE IT !!!! 
if anyone has a picture of me they should let me know i want it xD 
i really need to update my face book and be on no ? -sigh- it just dosen't amuse me 
i hate face book , its navigation system sucks ass ... 
Times are getting hard and I see that money is why its so hard because I have none . I am really afraid of whats going to happen to us . really am ... fuck the fucking system , its not here to help us at all ... 
I miss the simple times . 
I hate when .... there is all this space around you , buuuut nooo the stranger sits RIGHT next to you 
i am addicted to that stupid face book game 
Last minute getting ready for acen ! 
back from acen , tired as hell , crabby too . 
Im so sick of this .... 
Fuck this face book shit . I don't talk on this , I hardly ever check it . If you REALLY want to get into contact ask for my sevral aim screen names , or my phone number . If we're close I'll give it to you . I mean if you have my number then why are you takling to me like this ? its so slow when a phone call is instant . 
Hailee , I love you . You are my best friend , and the most real friend I've ever had . And everyone else don't take offence ; grow up already you all know Hailee and I , seceretly joined together at birth and then separated and adopted by different families ..... 
I really need to get my act together . 
< PROPMALE > has cancer . 
Im in edwardsville till the 6 or 7th of july . 
I am so fucking face book retarded ! I want to delete people I dont really know from my friends list but im too dumb xD 
for real how the hell do i delete peopel ! 
okay i deleted a lot of people I had no clue who they were or people I just didnt care to keep around . Eh Ill try to be on this thing more often its just so jaldskfja ; sldfjae ! @#$% 
:/ I thought I was over this , but I am still treated like I dont exist , hidden like a dirty secret swept under the rug ... ugh .... :/ this is why i hate face book . I come on to try and stay in touch and i see things I dont want to see ... 
okay goodnight ! 
I have work today , 1-1am i think O.o 
i worked 11 hours today 11x8 = 88 hardly seems worth it :/ 
Ah a day off this is rare . I feel I should be doing something ~ 
I want to cosplay Marik from yugioh ! 
hey can anyone hook me up with a good place to watch ALL of yugioh in japanese ?? without downloading 
YM : \And now 
blarg 
-foams at the mouth- INUYASHA FINAL ACT -falls over and shakes- xD gah FINALLY ive only been waiting for like five damn years GOD DAMN > O 
= . = 
getting off face book , talk to me on aim : MissSweets313 
whos going to anime iowa ? <-- needs a room for thur . fri . and sat 
FAIL whos going to aimie iowa ! > O 
Attention my friends who can sow . I need someone to make me a few things . They're rather small . And I'd pay you for it . But you'd have to make it just by me giving you measurements ... 
This will be the loneliest birthday . 
Attention my computer geek pirate friends . I want the sims 2 , please help ! 8D 
Last night I managed to stab myself in the knee ..... with a pencil . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > oh wait I AM < PROPFEMALE > xD lol 
So sick of this . 
Dear lord please keep me on track ! 
I hate it when people say \Oh your < PROPMALE > looks like blah blah blah from the blah blah show\ " good way to be ignorant and insult < PROPMALE > ist . 8D " 
MMMmmnn Kinky Vampire sex =/// = lul 
Fuckin work god damn it . 
facebook is gay <3 
k , getting off face book now for it bores me . 
Is it bad that I already forgot half the people I knew in highschool ? I mean , I never could remember people very well when in highschool , but now its even worce xD 
e , e I dont know half the people on my facebook friends list Dx 
I need to stop a procrastonator . -panics to finish school shit- 
fml gosh damn it 
blah blah blah yeah . Thats cool . Facebook stuff face book stuf BLAH xD idk 
< PROPFEMALE > , who is going to Anime Central ( Acen ) this year ? I'm looking into reserving a room and would like a few extra's in the room ! 
