its just 2 cold !!!!! 

twilight sucks 
Im gonna kill < PROPMALE > ! he snuck onto my computer ! im gonna have to do some < PROPMALE > damage control ! 
I got a new haircut . 
Making a BACON LOG !!!! We invented it a month ago . I call it heart attack log ! 
HAPPY 4TH ! 
have to finish my book report soon so I can go outside on a beautiful day like today . I luv it when I get rained on ! 
went to game cafe yesterday . really fun . played halo 
OMG !!! my young women in < PROPFEMALE > group is going is going to sing at a t bones game in august . so excited ! gotta practice the < PROPFEMALE > spanngle banner ! 
I can't wait till I get to go back to < PROPMALE > ! i have just been so happy and upbeat lately . Maybe its because all of the kids at < PROPMALE > are sooooo awsome and nice . 
< PROPMALE > is driving me up the walls ! I cant wait 4 him to go back to summer school ! 
i am soooo bored ! 
went down to lske jacomo for driving lessions . I WENT INTO 3RD GEAR !!! :P 
i cant wait . < PROPMALE > starts on the 17th ! im < PROPFEMALE > excited ! 
just got done with the lab work . they took lots of blood . ill get the results on the 12th 
<3 luv the warm weather . going to take a walk with my bffuf . 
i walked 7 < PROPMALE > yesterday . feet hurt like crazy !!! 
talking to my besties . luv ya u guys ! 
great day for a walk . 
tired . had a really bloody dream and didnt sleep much . my eyes are now half open . 
really sleepy . gonna catch some zzzzs 
<3 just another lazy day . i think ill finish writing my book . <3 
just got back from the orthadontist . got spacers put in . ill get some pics later . 
i find it amazing when people are distracted they can misplace things . ( like the mayo in the freezer ) O: ) 
very busy this week . tues orentation at < PROPMALE > , wed doctor appointment and friday is my first half day of school . 
<3 orientation tonight ! im so happy ! :) 
bck from orientation ! my scheduel is sooo AWSOME !!! i start off with womens choir . i luv it !!!!! im in house theta . 
im magicly delcious ! 
getting ready for my first day of school ! so exctided ! 
just got b ack from < PROPMALE > . It was sooooooo ASWOME !!!! i really like all my teachers and all my classes . i think im going to luv going there for the next four years . :) 
<3 <3 jakey is at the cousins house so i get to relax and enjoy sitting on the couch while i still can . <3 <3 
back from a sleep over at my bffuf's house . we were soooo random ! FUN !!!! 
last lazy sunday . :'( oh well it was great while it lasted . 
making pizza for dinner . the douigh is PERFECT !!! B ) 
<3 <3 WOW !!! today was my offical first full day of school ! i am tired , but i luv it ! i walked home today . :) <3 <3 
finished my second full day of high school ! I really love it there ! 
got my braces on today ! They hurt when I try to chew hard food , so im having soup tonight ! School was good today . 
got done I just got done with my research on obama's health care plan . I really really like it . If you want to know how it works inbox me ! 
today < PROPMALE > joined me and mom on our daily walk ... again . I luv that kid but he gets to be a little much ! lol 
<3 <3 I am soooo happy ! today in competive debate , i beat out a republican on the topic of health care ! he was an annoying little thing , but i did it ! lol :) <3 <3 
school was good today . found out that the guy i like shares a locker patric blow , one of my old friends at nativity . anywho , school was good and i have a big project coming up for my pre ap english ! :) i <3 < PROPMALE > ! 
im addicted to frakle ! 
open house tonight !!! fun for the whole family !!! 
tired , had a busy week !!!! <3 
urg ! i feel terrible ! i hav to stay inside today . :( the weather is nice . doc appiontment at 10:50 today . 
staying home today again ! this flu is kicking my butt !!!! 
home again but i think this will be my last day ! i got my temp down to 98.4 !!!!! im so happy that im going back to school soon ! its been very quiet here . 
i was back at school today !!! then when i walked home , the sun felt sooo good on my skin that i started to burst out into song randomly . :) 
TGIF ! even tho it was a two day week for me LOL !!! 
i dont get it . why would you NOT want to see Obama talk to your kids about their education ? its not like he is going to brain wash us . Its becuase he's a democrat isn't it . well news flash ! the republican party is worse ! they did 8 years of nothing !!!! and weren't going to start !!!! 
back from santicalagon ! my feet and back r killing me !!! 
i am sooooo tired !!! going to bed early tonight . 
this has been a long week !!! no rest this week end ! 
just got done with the st. marks youth group bussines day . soooooo tired !!!! 
geez !!! i was busy this week end ! first , i had to go to a debate lession , then sight singing , home coming , cantored today , watching the game ( of coarse ) and im going to a ncyc meeting tonight . ill sleep in next week end ... i hope . 
took the bus today for the first time this year becuase it rained . yuck . 
<3 zzzz nothins goning on for tonight ! so ill take this time to SLEEP !!! <3 zzzz 
not much home work today and thats was about all that was good about today :( 
Yeah for the weekends !!! 
guess what guys ? I MADE IT INTO CAMRADA(competive choir) !!! THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER !!!!!!!!! <3 <3 <3 <3 
just got back from choir practice ! they cast me to me soprano 1 instead of 2 ! 
trying to get some opions here ... well , and facts . i want to know what all of u think about all this new technology . do u think that it will replace human interaction ? ( im doing this for debate so be HONEST !!! ) 
hello , how may i enlighten you today ? thats going to be my new answering message for my cell ! :) 
the one day when my little brother is out of the house and there NOTHING on tv !!!!!!! 
my concerts at 7 tonight at < PROPMALE > ! im soooo excited !!!!! 
:P 
mmmmm ... biscuts and gravy for breakfast ! 
is wondering , WHAT IF ???? 
going to work at the fish fry !!!! 4-9 
just about every one in my my family has a birthday in october ! im out here all alone in decemeber ! :'( 
havent been on facebook for a week , so to make up for lost time ... Happy bday to sis , < PROPMALE > and grandpa . i worked the fishfry last night , and i went to my grandpa snow's house today . thats all and whats with the news feed thing and tag thing ? 
I luove this time of the year . its so beatiful and soft . the colors of the trees inspire music and poetry ! MMMM !!! the smell of fall in MO . is the best !!!! 
ok . so to all my buddies at truman ... what iare you allergic to ? I dont want to kill you with my food ! :P 
going to NCYC today . just got done packing , now on to my homework ! 
Im HOME !!!!! NCYC WAS THE AWSOMEST !!!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving !!!! mmmmmm ..... turkey !! 
Im so excited !!! my party is tommorrow !!!! I am cleaning my whole house and cooking like crazy ! 
got two teeth pulled today . :( my teeth hurt and I can't go to the lock in and i miss <3 < PROPMALE > <3 
I am missing some one right now . Hth did some one like him end up liking someone like me ? 
THANK GOD !!! Finals are OVER !!!!!! YEAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
YEAH !!! I finally get to sleep in !!!!! 
Just came home from shopping with my bffuf !! but now my little brother's friend is over here . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas every body !!! Last night was soooo GREAT !!! we forgot to record the coventry < PROPFIRST > though ! XD oops . lol 
so bored !!! my bffuf is out of town . :'( 
is anyone throwing an awsome party new years < PROPFEMALE > and can i come ? :P 
just got back from babysitting ! sooooo tired !!! 
Happy New years < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
My New Year's resolution is to not bite off more then I can chew . :/ this is going to be a challenge . 
My hair is really really red !!! :D pics promised 
taking down the Christmas tree . :( 
haha ! sorry kids , u got to go back to school tomorrow and I get to stay home !!! :P 
ARE YOU SERIOUS ? NO SCHOOL TOMORROW ? I AM SOOOOOOO BORED !!!!!!!!! :P 
im so cool , to bad that its freezing !!!! 
does anyone from < PROPMALE > know if the dance on fri is still on or not ? 
if i have one more day off , I am going to die of boredom 
i am sooo bored plus i miss all my friends !!!!! :P 
when will it stop snowing ?!? 
HELP !!!! im snowed in with my VERY loud and VERY annoying little brother and he is watching and singing stupid songs !!!!!! 
really missing my friends right now !!!! :'( 
my little brother thinks hes a gummi bear !!!!! HELP !!!! 
bored . no dance tonight . :'( oh well . i hope i have school monday . ( knocking on wood ) 
YWIH are having a program tomorrow !!! fun !!!! :) 
well it finally stopped snowing !!! :) 
just got back from my benefit concert !!! we raised over $ 5,000 !!!!! YEAH !!!!! 
:) 
Life is soooo dramatic !!!!! 
I am going to do a solo for compitions . any suggestions on what i should do ? 
going to court warming tonight !!!! This is going to be REALLY fun !!! :) 
weird week . first lunch with < PROPMALE > , then < PROPMALE > asks me to be his debate partner ( i think he has a death wish or something ) and tomorrow is the carrer fair . FUN !!!! :P 
the past two days hav been REALLY great !!! :) 
MY HOUSE IS HAUNTED !!! THE BLENDER TURNED ON BY ITSELF !! 
SOOO BORED !! doggies are in though . THEY ARE SOOOO CUTE !! 
Family nigth tonight !!! my fave night of the week becuase we all get to sit around and watch tv !!! :P paradise !!! 
tried out for concert choir yesterday !! I feel really good about this ! 
I CANT WAIT FOR TOMORROW !!!!!!! SUPER FUN !!! 
been a little sad for no appearent reason . 
game and dance tonight !!! :D 
so i am off for about five days !!! i hav off today , tomorrow , the weekend , and monday !!! :P 
Big drama this weekend ... cant wait to go back to school !!! 
NO MORE SNOW !!!!!!!!!!! 
for lent this year i am going to give up becoming a fan and joining groups !! FUN !!!! 
IM BACK !!!!!!!!!!! :) miss me ? Alot has happened so I will write notes and anyone who cares can read them !!! THANK GOD LENT IS OVER !!!!! 
mari-alis came over today !!! she is sooooo cute !!! :) 
choir practice later . OH FUN !!!!! b back at 9 ! :P 
i have a concert tonight !!!! my barbor shop quartet is sining !!! our name is EPIC !!!!! 
Why does everyone want to know which twilight character I am ? 
why are the people who are cutting programs for public schools that they don't even understand what they are doing ? Can we cut THEIR salieries so we can save a few bucks ? 
if people want to talk to me then talk to me !!! 
Anybody know of any job openings ? for example : fast foods , stores etc 
:P hehehehehhehehehehehehehehe . evil girly laugh ! 
just got back from lessons !!!! :) 
today was weird :/ 
I wonder .... what makes a hero a hero ? Is it that they are strong and true to others ? Is it how smart they are ? Or is it that they are the underdog who will always rise above ? So what makes a hero ? I beleive that a hero is some one who tries to make life and exsistance better for another life form . So do I consider myself a hero ? Yeah ... I guess you could say that . ;) 
encore audition was today !! it was fun ! 
Lots of stuff going on !!!! :) EOC , Trutones , Encore and much much more !!! :) 
scratchy throat , GO AWAY !!! :P oh well at least i hav time to get better before my audition for trutones !!! 
i have off today !!! HAHAHAHA !!! 
BORED !!!!!!!!!!!! :P 
Im done with people that hurt me ! im DONE !!!!! he can beg im not taking him back . She can apologize all she wants but im not going to b her friend again . Can anyone tell that there's a good explination why hurting one of your best freinds if fun ? becuase i cannot find the logic ! 
mom pointed this out to me today . When ever < PROPMALE > and i have a spat it is ALWAYS around an important music event !!! lol ! tomorrow im rying out for GCB , Friday is the banquet , monday is trutones audition and next friday is encore !!! looks like we are going to have alot more arguements this month !!! lol jk ! ;) 
do think ? should i get red highlights or purple ? 
M-A-R-V ... i am McLovin My Life ! 
okokokay now listen ... noone kill me b/c if i die people will miss me and i will miss LOST so ... and i really want to get them off of that island ... gilagon is homocidal 
< PROPFEMALE > Munkers was at my house today !!! she is my BFFUF !!! if she cuased any trouble so sorry !!! 
just got home from trutones auditions !!!!!! :P wont get results till friday !!!! > : C 
Trutones call backs monday !!! 
Encore tonight !!!!.... and pot roast , get excited . lol :) 
last night was encore ! :P i totaly epicly failed on my solo !!!! :'( 
* I MADE TRUTONES !!!! * 
Jacob : is Ruban Usher now ? Me : LOL !!!!! 
happy that there is only 8 days of school left , but sad that there is only 8 days left to b with all of my friends . :( 
wow theres a lot of stuff going on this week !!! FINALS !!!!!!! :P 
luvs u ! 
enjoying the last moments of civilization before I go into the wild ! I'LL MISS YOU ALL !!! lol ! 
Back from floating SAFE AND SOUND !!! OMG !!! thats enough advanture for a little while !!! 
dance tonight !!! FUN ! 
SUMMER !!! cant wait !!! my goal is read everyday , watch tons of musicals and basically get ahead of the game for next year !!! i know . im an over achiever !!! 
<3 <3 has just learned that \Wicked\ " is going to be turned into a movie !!!!!!! IM SOOOO EXCITED !!!!! <3 <3 " 
got the job at mcdonalds . first day is tomorrow . mchumiliation . 
ok for those of you who want to visit me at my first day of work , I have a few rules :\ 
1 ) NO PICTURES !!! & 2 ) You can say hi but after that , if you are not going to order anything , GO AWAY !! I love you all but the people behind you in line may not see it my way ! 
just got off my first shift ever and im hungry and tired !!! 
had fun with bestie !!! omg I LOVE HOT TOPIC !!! 
is missing all her besties from < PROPMALE > . :( 
is getting ready for work . oh well ... GLEE is on tonight !!!! :D get excited ! 
30 minutes till I see my love ..... GLEE !!! <3 
finally got her bottom braces on and they hurt . :( 
This is going to be a great rest of the week ! Today im going to the mall with < PROPFIRST > and then saturday(I have to work but ) Aunt < PROPFEMALE > is coming over !!!! XD 
hates when smoke detectors go off for no apparent reason . XC 
COFFEE ! :) ... Im out of creamer ! :( 
YEAH !!! its raining !! maybe mcdonalds wont be very busy today !!!!! ;) 
tired ... yawn . 
wish me luck . my young women in < PROPFEMALE > group is auditioning to sing at a t-bones ' game !!! :) its going to be * EPIC * !!! ( thats my quartet's name ... lol ) 
is bored !!! :P 
is bored ..... again . what a shocker . 
wonders if \frostys\ " in canada are called \ " chillys \"" 
working today !!!! 
Today i will start to eat healthier . :( no sugar , less fat and a whole bunch of whole grains and veggies . wish me luck !!! 
weird yellow outside 
So yesterday was a total FAIL on my diet !!! had sonics and a shake . :\\ this is going to be harder then i thought . going for a short little walk today to make up for it . 
Good morning my lovelies ! how are my favorite people doing ? :) 
had fun wioth < PROPFIRST > yesterday buying a swimming suit ! Working today and cantoring tomorrow . p.s. looking for work . mcdonalds doesnt give me enough hours . 
work was brutal . they only gave me 4 hours today :( 
happy father's day !!!! :P Have a great day ! 
wants to know is a frog happier then a toad ? lol !!! 
is thinking about stuff ..... 
:p got my labs done today . ( which means that people took my blood for samples for those of you blessed enough not to have the need for it . ) oh how i love needles !!!! 
dogs+nail clippers+me = PAIN & HAIR !!!! :P 
urg !!! i had today all planned out !!! :P oh well ill just relax , i'm in no big rush . 
yesterday i got my first check . $58.36 for 9 hours of work . :\\ 
day 26 of absolute boredom . I am thinking about writing a book about a monkey , a shark and a race to be the world fastest animal . Any thoughts before my brain turns to mush ? 
hangin out with my friends tonight !!! :D love you girls !!! 
* yawn * last night saw Eclipse with my besties !!! it was AWESOME + lots of fun + movie was EPIC !!! :D 
is pondering the mysteries of the universe .... jk I'm to busy for that . 
:P working on the 3rd how un-American !!! cant wait to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! :) 
happy 4th everybody !! ^_^ 
arms are sore :\\ any suggestions ? 
just got back from seeing toy story 3 !! :D I loved how it ended !!! so hopefully they dont make another one cause it was perfect !! 
stupid < PROPMALE > had to get his video game when its just about to rain !!! :( im soaked !!!! 
woke up about an hour ago . :\\ blah . ( zombie sounds ) MUST HAVE COFFEE ! 
dumb dogs caught another bird . :'( it looked like a baby to . 
wonders why so many people suffer from abnormal strangeness(and not the good fun kind ) . Hmmmm ...... 
going to a sleepover at < PROPFEMALE>'s!!! then i have my recital Saturday , cantor and YWIH practice on Sunday ! 
Had super fun at < PROPFEMALE>'s house last night !!! stayed up till 2 then had to wake up at 7 to get ready for my recital !! ( P.S. for those of you who don't know .... I'm hyper when sleep deprived ! ) :DDDD 
RUN PEACHY RUN !!!! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > , Madi and < PROPFIRST > tonight ! :D 
Welp guys after july 31 you will never again have to listen to me whine about my job at mcdonalds !!!! :D 
Going to the mall today with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! :D Grandparents are coming over and then later I might make brownies ( yes dad I remembered . ) fun ! 
:P its hot outside . I walked to the library(I walk every where ) and got a book . really sleepy now . :/ 
If you like this status I'll tell you what I like , dislike , confession and first impression you ! :) 
Welp tomorrows the big day ! wish me luck ..... 
Well guys my last day is next Saturday ! its all worked out but you would not BELIEVE the day i had yesterday !!!! LMAO !!!! :D 
hey guys , I'm 25 .... on < PROPFEMALE > . :p 
so mother nature .... more rain I see . how original . -_- 
going to the orthodontist today ...... FUN . :/ 
My teeth hurt . :P I hate my braces . 
is not available at this time . leave a comment and I'm sure she'll stop spacing long enough to answer you back . Sorry for the inconvenience , ily ! * Beep * 
just got home from my last day of work at mcdonalds !!! :D ok now i have to try to get a babysitting job and prefect the songs for funerals and I'll be set for next year !!! :D 
ok just got done with my map . X/ just have to do notes , vocab , and poetry and go to the library . :p 
wait ... What .... no pasta ?!?!?!?! NOOOOOOOOO !!!! :( 
you've all just lost the game !!! 3 :) 
Ok so my mom wanted to make ricecrispys treats .... so long story short there is a giant sqaure of ROCKcrispys/chexmix in my freezer . but on the up side i made brownies !!!! :D 
is a little grumpy this morning so sorry . I am starting to wake up earlier so I can get used to it by the time school starts . :( blah . 
Why does it always have to be the PRINTER that doesn't work ? Why couldn't it be something useless and unnecessary ? 
I'm officially a professional singer ! :D yeah get excited !! 
( heavy sigh ) I REALLY hate all this spamming going on ! It's getting really annoying really quickly . >:( 
<3 <3 <3 <3 only an aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister , and love like a friend ! if you're an aunt who loves her nieces & nephews , post this as your status ???? Baby Mari-Alis is coming over today !! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and Mari-Alis came over for dinner !! :D pics promised !!! 
Busy busy busy !!! So much going on and so little time to do it all !!! :D hope all of my lovelys are having a great rest of the summer !! 
going to practice for mass , then going to Brie's party !!! :D 
had alot of fun at Brie's party last night !! in a few hours im going to Nativity's choir picnic . and on a random topic my brother is doing the polka in the kitchen . Snaps for Jakey ! 
decided not to go to the picnic after all be cause im a little tired . :\\ 
i <3 my Schedule !! all my classes are really close to each other and I already know half of my teachers ! this year is going to be epic ! :D 
Summer is about to end . :( goodbye sleeping in till 10 and hello waking up at 5:30 (sigh ) 
Ok all my lovelys ! I'm going to the retreat tomorrow so be good and play nice ! i'll see ya when i see ya ! :D 
I need a good read . Any suggestions ? :) 
Hey everyone im back !!! :D the retreat was sooooo much fun !! its nice to be home tho . 
its one of my fave times of the year . thats right back to school shopping ! ^_^ yeah but also there is something about the last day of summer that is really special . maybe its the coffee ??? 
Oh time why are you so fickle ? \ 
when winter comes you drag on . \ 
when summer comes your are gone ! \ 
minutes sometimes take form of hours , \ 
and hours sometimes take form of days . \ 
I shall never understand time and its ways . :/ 
first day of school was today . it was great !!!! 
going to the back to school dance ! 
Had fun at the dance last night .. I danced with all my friends and hun . Now tonight I will go over to < PROPFIRST>'s house for a sleep over !! :D told ya this was going to be a fun year !!!! 
< PROPFIRST>'s sleepover was a blast !!! im soooo tired !! going to see mari-alis !!!! :D 
relaxing .... life is good . :) 
back from first trutone practice !!!! :D 
HOMEWORK+me = not happy X ( 
has a plan now . I just needed a little inspiration , a little kick in the right direction . and I think I've found it . :D 
this year is going by soooo slowly . Thats ok I am having so much fun !!! :D 
I am trying out for the musical ! :D And my brother just realized that I am a genius so its all good ! 
So yesterday i felt stupid , crazy and just plain goofy lol !!! ;) I have a plan to fix that !!! 
Ok so my goal for this year is to try not to be so self centered and actually < PROPFEMALE > out with more of my other friends that i dont get to see on a daily basis . wish me luck on rejoining the human race !!! :D 
This has been a GREAT weekend so far . :D having so much fun !!!! To bad about the drama that awaits my return to school . :/ ( sigh ) 
So ends a perfect weekend . See you soon my lovelys ! :D 
So Tuesday I tried out for the musical and tomorrow I'll know for sure if I made it . UGH !!! The wait is ALWAYS the worst part of it !! * sigh * 
I made it into the musical !! its not a big part but im still supper excited !!! :D 
this has been one of the best weekends ever !!! went to a sleepover , watched the baby , cantered at mass , and now watching scary psycho-thiller movies !!! :D if my weekend is THIS good then tomorrow will be better !!! :DDD 
This week has been weird . :/ oh well !! :) its over and now we can all just take a break and chill ! :D 
whose ready for homecoming ? :D I am !!! lol can't wait to see my lovelys there !!! 
I am going to love today !!! :D SUPER FUN !!!!! 
ok so Homecoming wasn't as fun as I thought it would be . :/ oh well at least I got to see my friends !!! :D 
Monday ..... * sigh * 
TGIF !!!! :D hope everyone has a great weekend !!! 
DA BABEH IZ HERE ! DA BABEH IZ HERE !!! :D mari-alis is over for a brief visit to see my dogs . TOO MUCH CUTENESS !!!!! ^_^ 
hmmm .... I love it when everything works out . ^__^ * peaceful * 
District auditions are tomorrow !! hope everyone gets plenty of rest and water . So good luck !!!! :D 
needs some serious R&R !!!! lol 
Cantate was awesome !! Loved hearing different choirs and loved the weather !!! 
going to the maverick's game !! oh how I <3 hockey !! :DDDD 
-_- 
* sigh * having one of my downer moments .... :p maybe its because I found out when I get my braces off . * sigh * T.T 
-w- i am very happy . Aunt < PROPFEMALE > is here , < PROPMALE > has a new turtle and its only Friday ! ^__^ 
DANGIT I LOST THE GAME !!!!!! XP 
oh wow !!! thats all I have to say about this week . :/ 
Going to help my daddy fix an old computer up !!! :D get excited ! 
sooooooooo ..... I had some free time ..... thats rare . :) 
Ok so I have to stay up till 2am tonight for my EEG . I HATE being awake all night(especially if its for no reason . ) any suggestions ? 
This might be a good time to work on a song ! :D I have ALOT to express tonight . 
Well that was fun ... 
tongue is soar and i have a debate tournament ! :P 
( sigh ) 
Soooo excited for Halloween !!! 3 :) hehehe 
Happy Halloween !!! 
no trick or treats for me this year . didn't even dress up . :'( super sad . 
wow .... what a month ! 
Oh joy ! watching scary movies with Dad and < PROPMALE > !! :D snaps for killer clowns !!! 
Best Chiefs day of the year : Raiders day ! =D its going to be a good match up ... hehehe 3 :) 
Raiders are cheating !!!! >:O 
..... sigh ..... I think I might be going crazy .......... to late . 
lol ok so 2 things . 1 ) the IWC ( < PROPMALE > Debate Tournament ) is coming up and I need judges for Dec 3rd and 4th . any takers ? email me for details . 2 ) tried on my costume for Hello < PROPFEMALE > today ..... :D HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!! ( you'll see what I mean ) 
is thinking about trying out for midsummer's night dream but is undecided ... any opinions ? 
omg omg omg !!!! tomorrow is Wednesday and I don't have any choir practices !!!! =O this has NEVER happened !!!!! ^__^ 
staying up till about 2 am is not the best idea when one has a head ache .... just thought you should know . 
is enjoying her day off !!! :D Just need more cough drops ... 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . i have been so blessed this year !!! I love you all !!! :D 
Just finished one AR book . Time to start on the next one !!! :) Im getting there slowly . 
How is it that I havent gotten to sleep in at all this break ? GAH !!!! >:O 
What some don't know is that my friends are like family . And if you mess with my family I will mess you up . 
I really hate mondays !! Today really sucked and I still have a long way to go before I'm done ! on the bright side , I don't have any homework to do !!! :D 
anybody going to the game tonight ? :) 
I just want to say thank you to all of you who have stood by me these past few months . I am very grateful that you stand up for me when my back is turned and someone tries to bring me down because I'm unique . I love that you all see me for me and not epilepsy . Thank you for all you have done . And for those of you who have tried to bring me down ... nice try . :) 
Thank you all so much for the birthday wishes . I love you all !!! have a nice weekend !!! 
Just got back from YWIH concert !!! it was awesome and I had alot of fun . Now on to Trutones !!! 
:p way to cold oh well im tough ! :D besides , it gives me a good excuse to stay in and sleep !! :) 
* sigh * tomorow im going back to school where the drama has grown since I left . * sigh * 
just wants this week to end already . :/ most of you know why . 
is very annoyed . -_- PLEASE STOP THE MINDLESS TALKING !!!!! 
I finally finished wrapping up all the presents !!! :D 
The finals are OVER !!!!! :DDDD and only 4 days till Christmas !!!!! :DDDDD so yeah im pretty happy right now . 
As my brother would ( and will forever say ) its the < PROPFEMALE > of Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . So get all your present shopping done and wrapping finished up . As for me I will be cleaning , baking and hanging out till Christmas day !! ^_^ YEAH !! 
My niece Mari-alis came over last night and she just keeps getter cuter everytime I see her !! :) < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Sis and Mari-alis !!! 
What can I give him as poor as I am ? \ 
If I were a Shepard I would give a lamb . \ 
If I were a Wise Man I would do my part . \ 
Then what can I give him ? \ 
I will give my heart ! <3 
BEST CHRISTMAS EVER !!!! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and \happy holidays\ " !!! ;D " 
Last night was awesome ! now I get to do my hw . :/ 
My new year's resolution is to make a resolution i can keep :) whats yours ? 
So who's ready to kiss 2010 goodbye ? I AM !!!! hard year but I'm thankful to have gotten through it with amazing friends and family !!! Thank you God for another year and I hope that the coming year will have a little less drama !!! happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > everyone !!! :) 
This week has been alot of things . Its been great , tragic , and exciting . It goes to show that things WILL get better . Its always darkest before the < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
sigh . Not again chiefs !! this looks like a game we played last year !!! :'( oh well there's always next year . 
Imma gonna make a snowman !!!! :D 
is snowed in ! lol !! thats ok . at least I dont have to go anywhere today ! :D 
it is ICKY out there ! Ice everywhere ! Everyone be careful out there !!!! 
Miracle of the day . My lil bro's school did not get a snow day today . So my bro is arguing and yelling and suddenly says a lil prayer asking God if he could have one more day off ! My mom and him get into the car she turns the key and nothing . My mom's car battery died .... -.- REALLY ??? 
the llama song is stuck in my head . -.- really < PROPMALE > Snow ? I mean REALLY ????????? 
have done it ! I have scrolled back to my VERY first status !!!! :D I was soooo positive back then lol !! 
I'm an Ophiuchus , hmm ... that's ok i didn't really think i was a Sagittarius anyway .... 
:O deals is closing ? NO !! :( 
Even though my last name is snow , winter does not amuse me . Especially when I'm coming down with a cold . -.- \ " , 2011-01-18 18:11:34 " 
Its been a while since I've walked home in the snow . it was very nice ! I now remember why I love snow in the first place . :) 
Tomorrow begins ANOTHER day isolated in my house with my lil bro . < PROPMALE > Snow STOP PRAYING FOR SNOWDAYS ! D:< 
Dear Old Man Winter , \ 
You are cutting into time with my friends and several important choir practices ! I am going insane from the dramatically white and COLD world you have created . You have warn out your welcome so PLEASE GO BACK TO CANADA ! Your cousin , < PROPFEMALE > Snow . P.s < PROPMALE > Snow still loves you . -.- 
he does 5% of the work and gets 75% of the pay because he complains !!!! >:( 
Be careful out there ! My mom and I got stuck in our driveway and thanks to our neighbors we got unstuck ! 
well looks like I am going to have school monday . I might have a whole week of school ! GASP !!! ;) 
So much stuff , so little time . The universe has decided that my New Year's resolution was not possible and has overloaded me with more joyous activities , but forgot to calculate the number of hours i have to sleep !! lol !! 
is going to a debate tournament and then court warming !! :) good weekend ! 
Last night was alot of fun !! but next time I'm wearing flats !! lol 
< PROPMALE > Snow !!!!!!!! I TOLD YOU NOT TO PRAY FOR ANOTHER SNOW DAY AND YOU HAVE BROUGHT THE WRATH OF GOD UPON US !!!!!!! 
4 songs are memorized ! now 8 to go !!! :D 
First side of the driveway is finished after about 30 < PROPFEMALE > . Now a quick tea break then the OTHER half of the driveway !!! Thank you Snowpocalyspe ! \ 
-.- 
I am bored of out my mind !!! Any suggestions ? 
< PROPFEMALE > episode on the brain !!! :D <-- neuro geek 
finally !! I get a snowday w/o my lil bro !!! :D ...... its very quiet ..... lol !!! 
I <3 french !! we made crepes and I still have a very large bottle of chocolate syrup in my backpack !!! lol !! good times !!! :D 
I have promises to keep \ 
and < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep ! :) poem of my life . 
Just got home from the Worlds of Fun audition . long story short , I did good but didn't get called back . Oh well i think I might apply for a job at sonic's . 
I'm gonna just chill out this < PROPFIRST>'s day . I've been single all year , tomorrow doesn't mean anything . :D besides I like being single ! 
Anybody else feel randomly tired ? :/ 
my head is wrapped up so looks like im not going anywhere for a while . :/ 
So day 1 of my EEG was ok . :/ but what kind of test for nocturnal epilepsy has bright lights and annoying sounds at night to watch you sleep ? more improtantly , how in the world AM I supposed to sleep ? 
I feel very sleepy . I cant wait to get this stupid EEG done and over with !!!! 
Last day of EEG !!! SOOOO happy ! no more sleeping with the wires and staying in one spot for 12 hours . No more recording my every move ! When I get unhooked I'm never going to take the freedom of mobility for granted ever again ! I'm not going to complain about being to tired or not having my hair be perfect ! I'm gonna live my life and move as much as possible !! :D 
ITS OVER !!!! HALLELUJAH ! :D yeah !!! 
So excited for contest today w/my quartet ! :D wish me luck ! 
So i went to competition with my quartet and I got GOLD !!! :D I made it to the top 4 out of 15 quartets ! :D 
Woots !!! Sink or Swim is finally over for Choir !!! Now for the part that everyone loves , the waiting for the posting . :p Hope everyone did good and Swam !!! :D 
When you step back and look at everything that is going on in the world today , suddenly , your problems seems very small . Please pray for Japan and all the other countries who are being affected by the earthquake !!!! 
I have a new goal . To start another all out poke war .... :) this is gonna be fun !!! 
I LOVE THE SPRING !!! ( I just HATE the pollen ) :) 
How is it that my brother is ALWAYS on break with me ? -.- 
Is there anything better then coffee and hash browns for breakfast ? I think not !!!! ;D today's gonna be a great day !!!!! 
I got a 1 at Pre-contest !!!!!!!!!! :D Look out Districts cause here I come !!!!!! :D 
I am soooooooooo excited about contests this friday !!!!!!! Hope everyone does well !!!!!! :DDDDDDD 
gooooooooood MORNING !!!!!!! :D and what a great morning it is !!!! Last night I got 1's across the board !!!!! that means that all my ensembles and my solo gets to go onto state !!!!!!!! :D Thank you to everyone for supporting me and working sooooo hard to make all this possible !!!! WE DID IT !!!!!!!!! 
Anybody hiring right now ??? 
