Happy New Year to all my loved ones ! We had a fabulous nite with family and then friends . < PROPMALE > was devastatingly handsome in his suit ! I do believe I fell in love with him all over again ! He never ceases to amaze me . < Silly grin ! > 

I'm tired this morning . I was up late with Ms. < PROPFEMALE > planning an amazing seminar we are going to hold January 18 . More details to follow but rest assured that this will be an event you DON'T want to miss ! 
is worn out after a VERY long weekend of food , family , and fun . I am relaxing and resting with a wonderful glass of homemade wine and waiting on my man to come cook me a steak . :-) 
is enjoying the lovely pitter-patter of the rain . What isn't so lovely is the aroma of wet dog wafting throughout the house . Why is it that the dogs want to come and roll all over you when they are wet and smelly ? I guess they just want to share the love . 
is happy . Thanks God !! 
Happy Father's Day to all the Dads . 
is ready to finish my project from hell .... cleaning and decorating < PROPMALE>'s house !! LOL ! And ... I finished my chaps ! Yeehaw ! Oh yeah ( I'm full of info today ) , this Saturday you can have your < PROPMALE > to BE IN THE MOVIE \A Few Brains More\ " . Put on your finest " 
is nursing a sore foot . Icepacks are our friends . 
is wondering why I agreed to ANOTHER puppy . Sigh . 
says \Good Morning World ! Have a blessed day ! \"" 
is ready for the weekend . Everyone stay safe and remember your sunscreen ! 
is blessed by friends old and new . 
is pleased with the mediation today . No settlement reached , but many steps in the right direction were taken . Thank you , God , for your hand in this today and everyday ! 
is ready for the weekend and some quiet time before the kids get home . 
is tired after a long , long weekend . Looking forward to playing with the puppies tonight and watching \Gran Torino\ " with my hunnie . " 
is feeling a huge sense of accomplishment ! < PROPMALE > and I just completed replacing the heating element in the dryer ! The house is almost together now !!!! Yay !!! 
No more bullshit . 
has a headache . 
is asking EVERYONE to pray hard for my sister-in-law , < PROPFEMALE > , and her family . She had a severe asthma attack yesterday & is now in bad shape . Don't have all the details yet as they are in OR and she is \ex\ " family . The doctors don't know the extent of brai " 
is asking EVERYONE to pray hard for my ex-sister-in-law , < PROPFEMALE > , and her family . She had a severe asthma attack Wednesday & was without oxygen for at least an hour . The doctors don't know the extent of brain damage yet . She is on a ventilator and they have 
Got bad news last night about < PROPFEMALE > . I don't even know how to type the words . Basically , she's brain dead . They are going to take her off the ventilator and the doctors give her about two days after that . < PROPFIRST > is flying out today to be with his family . Pr 
This is going to be very unorthodox , but we are trying to raise money to get < PROPFIRST > out to Oregon to be there with his family . He needs another $500 to get his plane ticket . If you can contribute ANYTHING , please let us know . I have a paypal account set up 
UPDATE : < PROPFIRST > made it to OR on Saturday afternoon and joined his family at the hospital . < PROPFEMALE > passed within 10 minutes of being removed from the ventilator . Many thanks and much love to all of your prayers , support , and help . < PROPFIRST > and I haven't been marri 
is thrilled with jumping through hoops and cutting lots of red tape in an effort to get past this chapter of my life . Only with God's help can I do this without being totally pissy and bitchy . Ya'll pray for me that I will get a very positive and speedy r 
Missing < PROPMALE > who left for the Mopar Nats today .... but maybe I'll get some stuff done at my house rather than his with him gone ! Then again , maybe I will just be a couch potato and do nothing . Decisions , decisions .... 
is wondering where all my energy has gone . Gonna make cupcakes for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday tomorrow . I can't believe my baby is gonna be 13 !!!! 
Happy Birthday to Tabby ! Happy Birthday to Tabby ! Happy Birthday , I love you ! Happy Birthday to Tabby ! 
is hot and tired . I am looking forward to a QUIET day tomorrow . The last several have been crazy ! 
is gonna enjoy a lazy Friday and then watch movies with my sweetie tonight . I'm loving my ' drama-free zone . ' :-) 
is happy . 
rode < PROPFEMALE > Bike for 1.5 < PROPMALE > today . This is the third day in a row I've gotten off my tuckas and rode my bike . Each day I've gone a little further . I'm so proud of myself . 
Day Five on < PROPFEMALE > Bike . I'm about to keel over ! Ya'll keep encouraging me ; I've got a LOT of weight to get rid of and need all your prayers to keep me going ! I REALLY want to be a size 10 by Christmas . It's gonna take a whole lotta peddlin ! :-) 
is back from a visit with my Mom and Step-dad in Swan Quarter . It was nice to visit , but it is SURE nice to be home . The mosquitos down there are something else .... they are huge and THIRSTY !!!! I'm so glad we don't have such monsters here ! 
is recovering from the kick-off party last night . We met some great new friends and had a great time . You guys come check out River City Arts on 3rd St in Smithfield . I volunteer every other Saturday and have a blast . Have a great weekend everyone ! 
I feel like I got kicked in the gut by one of the horses but I feel WAY better than I did Monday morning during that gallbladder attack . Thanks for all the prayers . Now , it's back to the couch for me ..... 
I am having a great time at River City Arts at the new exhibition \1\ " . You guys all need to come out to Smithfield to see it ! The paintings this month are AMAZING ! Don't forget about the AG Indie Film Festival coming up November 18-21 . Let me know if you are interested in volunteering !!!! " 
Hanging out at the River City Arts wondering whether or not I should go audition for Wheel of Fortune this afternoon . Hmmmm . 
Come play with us Saturday nite at River City Arts as we watch the original \Night of the Living Dead\ " at 7:30 . Costumes encouraged ... so are snacks ! Bwahahahahahahahaha ! " 
Happy Birthday to my daughter , < PROPFEMALE > , and congratulations for getting her Learner's Permit so now I can make her drive everywhere !! Woo hoo !!!! 
I'm gallery sitting up here at River City Arts and working on AG Indie Film Fest stuff ( really , < PROPMALE > , I'm multi-tasking here on FB !!! ) . It is a gorgeous day to get out and about . Come see the cool exhibition and get some info about the Festival . It's gonna happen 11/18-21 . Check it out !!!! Come see me !!!! Get outta the house !!!! I mean it !!! 
WE NEED VOLUNTEERS for the AG Indie Film Fest . November 18-21 . It is a great opportunity to see great independent films and meet new people . In addition to the movies , there will be a theme party each night . We especially need help on Saturday the 21st . Come on , you know you wanna ! For more info , contact me or check out www.myspace.com/AvaGardnerFilmFestival 
I have started a new adventure today ... I am your newest , friendliest < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > lady . Check out my new website at www.marykay.com/barrie . I'm excited to meet lots of new people and share the joy of looking and feeling your best . Come on over , you know you wanna ! BTW ... we have great gift ideas for Christmas . Guys , if you want help getting something for your favorite lady(ies ?! ) , I can help you out . 
While you are dreaming of wonderful < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > products , don't forget the AG Indie Film Festival that starts this Wednesday and runs thru Saturday ! Let me know if you can volunteer any at all . 
I'm up at the Hastings House working on Film Festival stuff ... PLEASE come and view these awesome films . You can get additional info at myspace.com/ < PROPFEMALE > GardnerFilmFestival and on facebook search for < PROPFEMALE > Gardner Independent Film Festival . There is still time to volunteer and still time to purchase tickets for screenings and parties !!! I'd love to see you there ! 
HEY YOU GUYYYYYYSSSSSSS !!!!!! Come on over to Smithfield tonight and tomorrow for the AG Indie Film Fest . We will start screening at 2pm today and finish up with a Mad Hatter Party at RCA and the < PROPFEMALE > Gardner Midnight Stroll . Tomorrow we start early with a 9am Breakfast with the Filmmakers . We will have screenings and workshops running all day then we will have the Wrap Party and Awards Ceremony Saturday night at RCA . 
I am working on my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > contact list and cleaning up my poor little < PROPFEMALE > who has a stomach bug . I don't know how many towels and washcloths I have put in the washing machine . I hope she feels better soon . 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone ! God is so very good and has blessed me to be surrounded by loving family and friends . Hold your loved ones tight and be thankful for all your blessings , big and small . 
Making sweet potato souffle and apricot-chambord baked brie to take to < PROPMALE>'s parents for yet another Thanksgiving feast . I love this holiday ! Wouldn't it be nice if everyone showed their thankfullness every day and didn't reserve it for just one day ? I am so thankful that I feel like I am just going to burst wide open ! :-) 
Thanksgiving is officially over & my tummy is full . Now it's time for me to get down to business . I need everyone's help ... I have been challenged to do 30 facials by Dec . 14 . I can schedule individual sessions or groups of up to six . It would be easier to do the groups ! I have great goodies for the folks who volunteer to be my hostesses ... gifts you can keep for yourself or to regift for Christmas . PLEASE help me out ! 
I am loving life and praising God ! 
Just finished with the Christmas decorations ... the house looks so pretty . I know the reason for the season doesn't involve trees and stockings and little twinkly lights but I sure do like looking at them ! Must be the eternal child in me ... I just LOVE Christmas decorations . Sigh . :-) 
My next challenge is to have four skin care classes between Christmas and New Year's . Let's get together and I can show you a great glamour make-over just in time for New Year's < PROPFEMALE > ! Don't forget that I can help you with those last minute Christmas gifts too ! I wrap and deliver within a 30-minute range ! :-) 
I really do not like having pneumonia ... again . On a better note , < PROPMALE > makes the BEST steak in the world . Who needs the Angus Barn ??? :-) Let's schedule a skin care class and a glamour make-over before New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . 
is enjoying some much deserved down-time with the kids today . We have been slugs today ! Recharging our batteries for this week's festivities . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy New Year to all my loved ones !!!! 
I am feeling SOOO smart ... I just loaded a new operating system on my daughter's little netbook computer ... and it works ! LOL !!!! Whew ! Now I can relax and watch \District 9\ " with the children . " 
I am procrastinating about putting away all the Christmas decorations . Ugh . I wish it was done already . Different note : I really want to start 2010 on a good foot by getting my business up and going . Be ready for lots of updates from me on cool < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > stuff . :-) 
Happy New Year ! 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... wonder if I have 20 , or more , brave friends who will do this . 
nothing 
Vulcan Pick Up Lines has got to be one of THE funniest sites I have seen in a LONG time ! Thanks for the laugh !!! Thanks , Doree , for finding that ! 
I just got back from my very first January Jamboree with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . It was AMAZING ! The support and friendship in that room of 1000 women was unbelievable . 2010 is gonna be my year to do some really big things . I am gonna make it happen ! Watch out ya'll , put your seatbelts on and hold tight ! Yeeeeehawwwww ! 
I am reflecting on what a difference a year makes . Thru God's grace and < PROPFEMALE > , the sun still shines and life moves on . Prayer with true faith have made forgiveness possible in my heart . Thank you , God , for all you have done for my children and me this past year . 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand IN FRONT OF THEM !!! 
I loved a snowman in an elevator because I'm cool like that . 
We had our first meeting of the year for the JoCo Artists Guild . It was very productive and we all generated a LOT of great ideas ! I'm looking forward to a great year as the new Prez ! :-) 
Very interesting car < PROPMALE > in < PROPMALE > just now . Way to go RPD and NCHP ... especially the stop stick patrolman ! That was a great toss !! You are my hero ! Praise God no one got hurt and the driver was finally stopped safely . 
TEAM : Together Each Accomplishes More ( Thanks , < PROPFIRST > F . for sharing your wisdom with us ) 
Tired from a L O N G night at UNC with < PROPFEMALE > for a sleep study . Glad to have my girls at home and snugglin ' with me . I am a happy Mom . :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and follows the instructions ) 
What a beautiful , glorious day ! Thank you , God !!! 
Mmmmmm , cold pumpkin pie for breakfast . I just LOVE that stuff ! 
I absolutely LOVE looking out the front window and seeing my beautiful horses . What amazing beings they are . Thank you , God , for blessing us with them ! 
If you judge the package , you may miss the prize . -- < PROPFIRST > Fortenberry 
I am looking for someone to be my guest at my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > meeting tomorrow night . Join me for a lot of fun and information . You'll get a FREE gift just for joining us . The meeting starts at 6:30 in < PROPMALE > . I can drive if you'd like . :-) I promise it will be fun . I am trying to meet several challenges and you can help me ! 
Help , help !!! I'm on a scavenger hunt ... I need FOUR models for Tuesday night's meeting ... One with blue , one with brown , one with green , and one with < PROPFEMALE > eyes . PLEASE let me know if you can help me out . There are free gifts for all who help me out ... in addition to my undying love and affection ! 
on the kitchen table ... 
Jewelry party at my house tonight at 7pm if anyone is interested . Please RSVP by 2:00 pm today . 
It is a BEAUTIFUL day out and I LOVE being outside brushing my horses . They are so funny and sweet . I can't wait until Rowdy is big enough to ride ! :-) 
If you believe your daughter is amongst God's greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and give her a hug ! I ? MY DAUGHTER 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin , still loves you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults . Copy and paste this to your status ... I love you girl !!!!! 
I'm enjoying this beautiful evening with all my four-legged friends . :-) 
Ok all my horsey friends , I have been a bad mommy and have not taught my 19-month old colt how to wear a blanket . I've been working with him today and all I got were cold toes and some fence repair . Thankfully , he still loves me ... we made nice after he broke the fence . I really want him to wear the blanket cuz he's shivering . Any tips for me ? 
How do you cheer up someone who refuses to be happy ? How do you get someone to see how blessed they are , even if they have gone thru hell ? If their unhappiness only affected them , it would be bad enough , but when they hurt the ones who love them the most & only want to help them , it is SO frustrating . Dear God , pls help heal these wounds & fill my friend with love & hope instead of despair & anger . 
Performances on the Grammy Awards have been pretty kickin ' so far . Go < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > performing with the < PROPMALE > Brown Band . Wootwoot ! 
OH MY GOODNESSS !!!! BUTCH < PROPMALE > , the most amazing , wonderful , kind , talented musician is playing the banjolin for < PROPFIRST > Swift on the Grammys !!! GO , man , GO ! 
Wootwoo ! Butch < PROPMALE > just got a < PROPMALE > clip shown on The View . I wonder if they will talk about him ? 
I'm gonna venture out into the snowy wonderland ... Wish me safe travel mercies !!! 
I am back from my snowy adventure . I saw one truck looking like an upside-down turtle at the bottom of the hill . I am SOOOO glad to be back home where I am gonna stay for at least another 24 hours ! :-) 
It is time for more blanket-desensitizing with Rowdy . Maybe he won't have a total freak-out today and I won't spend an hour fixing fences again ! Silly little horse ! 
I'm back in from the snow/slush/mud/goop that is in the pasture . The lower part is really gross and mucky . It was fun being out with the dogs and horses though . The cat was not too pleased when the youngest dog pushed him off the mounting block and started wrestling with him in the snow ! I LOVE my animals !! 
Yay ! The kiddipoos are back today . We've got a bunch of new movies to watch and a perfect day for some games . I feel an Uno Attack coming on ... 
Each day must be cherished for the gift that it is and the opportunity it gives us to move our dreams forward . 
I am feeling the love ! ~~~ :-) 
If you're happy and you know it , clap your hands !!!! :-) 
If you're happy and you know it , clap your hands !!!! I am clapping like crazy over here ! Thank you all for your sweet birthday wishes . You are all very kind and I am grateful for each and every one of you ! 
Panglossian ... rather than being called a Polly-Anna , I think that I actually should be called Panglossian . I learned something new today ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
I need your help ! I am trying to meet a REALLY big challenge for our Career Conference in March . My deadline is February 28 to qualify . PLEASE place your orders now and book a party with me . I am running special Career Conference specials to make this a win/win experience . THANK YOU !!!!! 
Dear Lord , Thank you for your many blessings . I am praying that your will be done with my business and that I meet the challenges that have been placed before me this week . In Jesus ' name I pray , Amen . 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood . 
I just watched the Tiger Woods statement/apology . I want to believe that he can change and do right for his wife , his children , and for himself . He said the < PROPFEMALE > had told him that his apology to her would not take the form of words but his actions over time . How true . It was a moving statement and I guess time will tell . I will pray for them as a family . Fixing a marriage is always preferrable to breaking up one . 
It is hard to type when you have a 10 lb cat demanding attention . 
Guilty pleasure : sitting in the recliner with my < PROPFEMALE > cat curled up next to me . Extra bonus : looking out the window and seeing my horses soaking up the sun . Ahhhh , life is good . :-) 
I think I'm gonna make one of my mandarin orange cakes today for a friend's birthday . I haven't made one in a while and hope I haven't lost my touch ! On a different note , the saddle is beckoning me , calling my name .... I don't think < PROPFEMALE > is though ! She is enjoying frollicking in the sun . I'm watching Rowdy trying to roll over . He is so cute . 
But the fruit of the Spirit is love , joy , peace , < PROPFEMALE > , kindness , goodness , failthfulness , gentleness and self-control . Against such things there is no law . -- Galations 5:22 -23 
But the fruit of the Spirit is love , joy , peace , < PROPFEMALE > , kindness , goodness , faithfulness , gentleness and self-control . Against such things there is no law . -- Galations 5:22 -23 
Yummmm .... can't wait for sketti tonight with some of our friends . Just got back from the store with all the fixins'! 
What a beautiful day ! There is something so amazing at watching the wind blow through the < PROPFEMALE > tree just outside the window . I love the way the shiny leaves reflect the sun and the wind makes them all shimmer . Ahhhhhh , God is good ! 
A true friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if your home is tidy or not , if your car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect ... A true friend just loves you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true friend . ? 
Click \like\ " if I have ever made you smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile :) " 
Copy this into Your Status and See What People Rate You ... 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Lovable . 6 : Club head . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Boring . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Adorable . 20 : The Best 
We're going to see my Mom in Swan Quarter . What a beautiful day for a drive ! 
I've got a headache ... and my feet are cold . :-( I am ready for the sun to come back up and warm up everything ! 
Lord , please bless this day and the words that come out of my mouth . 
I am running 2 specials : #1 -$150 of any product you'd like for only $100 . ENDS Sunday , March 14 , 2010 . #2 -Hostess Extravaganza Special ... qualify to win $262 of product for just $24 . Ask me how !!!!!! 
Alrighty all my FB family , I am embarking on a 16-wk weight loss program starting Monday . Say lots of prayers for me and plese send me lots of encouragement !!!! 
The Lord is my Shepherd , I shall not want .... I am sooo blessed and I just have to spread the joy ! 
Yay ! There's no place like home , there's no place like home ! < PROPFEMALE > is feeling better , just cranky ( not that I blame her , I'm a wee bit cranky too ! ) . Thanks for all of your prayers and thoughts . Now , I'm going to crawl into my own bed and zonk out ! 
Facebook challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost this , I hope I am right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he died for YOU and me . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . I am not ashamed !!!!!!!!! 
I am excited about attending my first MK Career Conference today and tomorrow . What a great opportunity to learn from some of our finest leaders and share with other fabulous consultants ! Ya'll will just have to forgive me when I get back and am over-the-top excited about sharing everything I've learned !!!!! Yay us !!!!! 
WOW , what a wonderful , exhilirating , exciting , exhausting , fun experience I had at Career Conference . I loved EVERY single second of it . Now I am loving my jammies and recliner . Tonight I rest . Tomorrow I begin my S.W.I.M. ( Smart Women in Motion ) action plan . WootWoot !!! 
First order of business ... clean up this house !! I got busy with other things and the house seemed to explode all by itself . How does that happen ? 
People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness , they are not looking for a cure , only acceptance . They are not disabled just differently abled . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour . Special Education week March 22nd to the 26th 
Hmmmm , the day is full of possibilities . Where to start ? 
Alrighty , all you artsie and sorta artsie types ... grab your sketch book and pencils and meet us at the Starbucks in < PROPMALE > tonight at 7pm . We're having a drawing party . Come on , it will be fun ! It is a beautiful night to be out getting fresh air and doing something different !!!! 
I had fun at Starbucks drawing with the Artists Collective group . It has been a LONG time since I picked up my pencils . It was a nice break from some of the other things I've been working on . However , I S T I L L need to clean up this house . Ugh . Isn't their a House < PROPFEMALE > out there somewhere who needs a home ? Sigh . 
Check out < PROPFEMALE>'s new wheelchair ! It is awesome , amazing , wonderful , groovy , comfortable , and , and , and ... well , I don't have enough adjectives to cover it all ! We've waited a long time for this and < PROPFEMALE > LOVES it like crazy ! Thank you , Lord , for the design of this chair that gives her so much relief !!! 
This little light of mine , I'm gonna let it shine . Let it shine , let it shine , let it shine . :-) 
If you have a wonderful Husband , finance , or boyfriend , who works hard to provide for you and do anything just for you , then copy and post this as your status and give the honest , well behaved men out there the recognition they deserve ..... because great men are few and far between ...... 
Loving life and living less large ! :-) 
The lovely green haze of spring has begun in < PROPMALE > around here . The question of the day is whether to wash the < PROPFIRST > today or wait until the pollen gets a little thicker on it . 
Righteous indignation only works for those who are self-righteous . My Lord teaches me that forgiveness heals ... He's correct . Let go of the past and move into the future with an open , loving heart . 
Righteous indignation only works for those who are self-righteous . My Lord teaches me that forgiveness heals ... He's correct . Let go of the past , move into the future with an open , loving heart , and appreciate the blessings of the present . 
Pollen , pollen everywhere . It turns things green , it fills the air . It makes us sneeze , it makes us wheeze . Please , oh PLEASE , don't get on my cheese . 
It is the end of Week 3 at the gym . Only 13 more to go for this program !!!! I am proud to say that I can do 10 minutes on the elliptical without stopping and without passing out or throwing up . A big improvement from Week 1 . LOL ! 
Alright , ya'll ... My workout motivation is next to nil today and I have been informed by the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > show that cookies are addictive as heroin . Duh !!! Like we didn't know that ? I am going to become addicted to the elliptical machine . Really . I am . I mean it . 
At the doctor trying to figure out why one of my pupils is bigger than the other . Ugh . 
Ok , note to self ... be sure to wash my hands thoroughly after putting Tab's scopalamine patch on her . Seems the active ingredient in her patch is what made my pupil go all gi-normous . The good news is that it is temporary , the bad news is that it is gonna be this way up to five days . So , if you see me in sunglasses for the next few days , that's why ! LOL ! 
I am feeling incredibly blessed . 
is excited to be flying to < PROPFIRST > , TX for a weekend seminar . I am NOT excited about having to be at the airport at 4:00 am . Yes , you read that right . Pray for me ! Happy Weekend everyone ! God Bless . 
I am back from < PROPFIRST > exhausted . It was a life-changing trip and I am so excited about implementing the new skills I've learned . I could not have asked for a better experience . Ok , the being at the airport at 4:00 am was not super great and made for a L O N G day . That is a small price to pay for excellence though ! I am commiting to being laser focused with consistent activity ! 
Today's quest includes continuing my strategic planning for the next 13 months and consciously living \on purpose\ " rather than reacting to circumstances . I am loving my life ! " 
Happy , happy beautiful day !!!! 
Is there anything better than homemade cream cheese frosting to go on a homemade pineapple cake ? I am making a birthday cake for an amazing woman and now I am thinking I may just need to make another one to keep here ! Did I mention it is ALL homemade ?! :-) YUMMMM ... 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . But Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week ,.. and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help , compassion & understanding . 
This is the day the Lord has made ; let us rejoice and be glad in it . -- Psalms 118:24 . Each day is a valuable gift given to us by the Maker of days . Let's use each day wisely , enjoy each day fully , & appreciate each day genuinely . 
I had a GREAT time with some of my grrrlllls last night . Nothing like good friends , great wine , and a hot tub . Oh yeah , and Waffle House at 1am . :-) Thanks ladies ! I had a blast . 
I'm sad that my dear , sweet cousin < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > has passed away . We are all going to miss her , especially my Mom . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is definitely in a better place now . 
I heard a question posed at my cousin's funeral that got me really thinking : What kind of legacy do I want to leave ? Not monetarily , but me , as a person , a mother , a sister , a friend , a wife , a daughter . Things that make you go \Hmmmm . \ " Thanks for all your prayers and love . I am truly blessed . " 
Today's pondering ... I'm working on personal growth at the same time I am working on personal shrinkage . Is that an oxymoron ? 
is wondering what happened to the text on my profile status . Oh well , it was time to change it anyway . Remember why we celebrate Memorial Day ... ( hint , it is NOT for the hot dogs on the grill ! ) . Tell a veteran you appreciate what they have done for our country . 
I'm supposed to be a grown-up , so why don't I feel like a grown-up ? Mischief and mayhem are still bubblin ' strong in my blood ! LOL !! 
Reflecting on all those who serve our country and their families . My oldest nephew is in Afghanistan . God Bless and Protect our troops . Honor those who have died for our freedom and liberties . One nation , under God , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and justice for all . 
Starting the day with a fresh attitude and joy in my heart ! 
Nothing like a homemade carrot cake to show your man you love him ! Happy Birthday , < PROPMALE > !!! 
Ok , if nothing shows your man you love him like a homemade carrot cake , what does a SECOND homemade carrot cake show about how much you love him ? LOL ! The first one was so good , he's asked for another for us to take to sketti nite tonight . Silly man . Well , silly me .... it's in there baking right now ! 
I am so very blessed . Thank you , Lord , for this beautiful day and all of your many blessings . :-) 
So why did I pick such an incredibly hot and humid day to empty out the storage room ? UGH !!!!! 
is living , loving , and laughing . 
Our first pampering session of the weekend went really well ! I LOVE this new space and our \classroom\ " ... I feel all official and stuff . :-) " 
This little light of mine ... I'm gonna let it shine . This little light of mine , I'm gonna let it shine . This little light of mine , I'm gonna let it shine . Let it shine , let it shine , let it shine ! 
Even with all the issues , I truly believe that the United States is the best place to live . One Nation , Under GOD , Indivisible , With < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for All . Thank you Lord and thank you Soldiers for all you do . 
Tell your loved ones just how much they mean to you each and every day ... you never know when they will be taken from you . 
is tired of political ads already . Heavy sigh . 
is devising a plan .... 
is LOVING summer with my kids . I am blessed ! 
Non-pet owners who visit and like to complain about my pets : 1 . They live here . \ 
YOU don't! 2 . If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' fur'niture . 3 . I like my pets a lot better than I like most people . 4 . To you , they are animals . To ...... me ,... they are my babies who are short , hairy , walk on all fours and don't complain ! Copy & Post if you love your pet ! 
Love is a slobbery kiss from your horse after he ate a pear . I just LOVE pear chunks in my hair ! LOL !!!! 
is looking for THREE Carnival of Madness tickets for the < PROPMALE > show on 7/25 . 
Psalm 30:2 \ 
\ 
2 O Lord my God , I cried to you for help , \ 
and you have healed me . #Bible http://j.mp/anu8u7 
is taking a different path by praying for those who plot and scheme against me instead of stooping to their level . There is a reason for these tests and I am praying too for discernment . 
Ok , here's the scoop . I'm going to < PROPFIRST > next Tuesday for a conference . I'm going to have a few free hours ( about a day ) ... what must I absolutely do whilst I'm there ? Wild < PROPMALE>'s Western Store is definitely on the list , but after that ? What's a girl to do ? 
I took Maddi and Benji to the NC Museum of < PROPMALE > today and had a blast ! The new collections are stunning . I'm tired but happy . Love , love , love my children ! <3 
Working on what to take to < PROPFIRST > . I am determined to only take ONE bag . Really . I mean it . Seriously . 
I'm closing out my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > month early because I'm leaving for < PROPFIRST > Tuesday morning . Contact me by Monday night for my End-of-the-Month Specials . Try our new Cooling Bronzing Stick to help fight this heat ! Also , ask me about our Kiss Domestic Violence Goodbye fundraiser ! 
I cannot believe it has been a year since < PROPFEMALE > left us . You always knew where you stood with her ! :-) < PROPFEMALE>'s body may have been petite but her heart was enormous . Be sure to tell your loved ones how much you appreciate them and pull them close , for only God knows how long they will be here with you . 
Ok , ya'll . I'm outta here at 4:00 am for < PROPFIRST > . I'll be back late Sunday . Pray for safe travel mercies and that I don't get so excited that I pee my britches ! Lol ! Stay tuned for Seminar updates ! 
Romans 12:2 \ 
2 Do not be conformed to this world , but be transformed by the renewal of your mind , that by testing you may discern what is the will of God , what is good and acceptable and perfect . #Bible http://j.mp/bIsTSt 
Faithful are the wounds of a friend ; profuse are the kisses of an enemy . -- Proverbs 27:6 
Enjoying time with my beautiful girls . I'm going to be sad when school starts again . 
Yesterday was wonderful ... I spent the day with my beautiful sisters , ran into one of my BFFs and had lunch , chatted with an old < PROPMALE > , then fried chicken and some movies with my awesome boyfriend and my girls . It is well ... with my soul . :-) 
Fourteen years ago today , a little angel came down from Heaven to bless our lives with her beautiful smile . Happy Birthday to my beautiful < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you !!!! 
My dates are booking up fast for my FALL FRENZY challenge . Help me reach my goal of 10 parties from 8/23-8/30 . Contact me today ! 
At the Mopar Nationals with < PROPMALE > . Wow ! 
Home again , home again . 
But I say to you who hear , Love your enemies , do good to those who hate you , bless those who curse you , pray for those who abuse you . --- < PROPMALE > 6:27 -28 
is looking for a few more hostesses to receive some amazing gifts for helping me with my Fall Frenzy Challenge !!! I am SO close to meeting my goal , I know you all can help me out to get me over the finish line ! Send me an email to let me know you can help . Thank you to all my FB friends and family for helping me with this !!! 
is looking for FACE MODELS for our \Find Your Way to Beautiful\ " contest . Anyone 18 years or older is eligible and could win $5000 !!!! WOW ! Contact me now to schedule your makeover . " 
would like to remind folks that mental illness is just that ... an ILLNESS . If someone is having a heart attack from heart disease , do you just stand by and say they are just trying to get attention or do you help them ? If someone is having a mental breakdown from an untreated illness , do you toss them away saying they are just trying to get attention or do you help them ? I know what my God calls me to do . 
I will go over , under , around , and thru any obstacle that comes my way . How ? By knowing that God loves me and my kids love me ( 2- & 4-legged ) . May peace and God's love brighten your day . 
is busier than a three-legged dog on a blacktop road on a hot August day . I am feeling incredibly blessed and am so glad to be heading back to BSF tonight !!!! :-) 
BSF was so awesome last night . I am looking forward to getting to know my new friends and learning all about < PROPMALE > . 
Ok , so there has been a fire lit under my rear end to really get busy these next few months . I WILL be debuting as a Director in January . Get ready , < PROPMALE > , here I come !!!! 
Liars and cheats really irk me . Lord , help me to love the unlovable . 
I love my boyfriend . 
Remembering how hard it was to be almost 16 . Give your teen a hug , if you've got one . I love you , Maddi . 
Which way do I go , which way do I go ? Guess I'll just sit here until I figure it out . :) 
It is too pretty of a day for ugly things to happen . I am in a good place but I have some friends who are not and I am sending up prayers for courage , hope , and love . Oh to have < PROPMALE>'s wisdom .... 
Poison < PROPFEMALE > is NOT my idea of fun . Ugh ! 
is feeling the love ( I love you , Maddi ) . Please say a prayer for my mom . She had back surgery yesterday . Hope to have her back at home soon . 
Still at the hospital with my mom . She did NOT have to have the heart catheterization ( Thank you , God ) but she is still having issues with her hip . Keep the prayers going up for her !!! 
Mom is doing better from surgery and heart issue . Still trying to figure out what is going on with her hip so we can get outta this hospital ! It is a blessing to be able to be here with her after all the things she has done for me . Keep the prayers going ! 
Well , I just can't seem to get away from the hospital . Now I'm here with < PROPFEMALE > who has some viral thing going on and needs some fluids . I feel so bad for her . Asking for more prayers for our family and that she will feel better soon . 
COSMETIC GRAVEYARD Sale this Saturday and Sunday !!!! Are you ready to be BOOtiful ? 
is blessed . 
Thank you , Father God , for putting your servants in my path to wrap their loving arms around me . Your love and compassion for me are overwhelming and I thank you for your many blessings . I feel your light shining in me and through me . In Jesus ' sweet and precious name , Amen !!!! 
Is it just me , or is Dierks Bentley super cute with an amazing voice ? Sigh . And I don't even like country music that much ! LOL ! 
is thanking God for His beautiful and wonderful painting outside my windows . The fall colors are glorious . Go God ! 
My oldest daughter just got her driver's license this afternoon . Wow !!!! She is the grooviest person I know and I just love her to pieces !!!! :-) <3 
Be a part of my First Annual Thanksgiving \Pink Lottery\ " ! Place your order anytime between now and 7:00 pm Thanksgiving evening and your name will go into a drawing to receive your order absolutely FREE !!! All you have to do is call me or visit my website at www.marykay.com/barrie and place an order . Happy Thanksgiving ! " 
Why is it when you don't feel well , you get all melancholy ? 
Well , I know why I haven't felt well . I have double pneumonia and an ear infection . Ya'll pray that I feel better soon . I have too much to do ! 
I love this time of year ! All the pretty lights and sweet thoughts make me smile . Remember the reason for the season and spread His joy as you go about your day ! 
is asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON ...... EVERYONE'S wall ... even if it's only for an hour " 
is L O V I N G my Christmas tree and other decorations . One of my sweet friends came by and helped me decorate it because I have been so sick . Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > !!! I am feeling incredibly blessed ! I love you all ! 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient has one : To get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , In honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer of any kind . 
It's < PROPFEMALE > Saturday . Cleaning house is just way too much fun . Really . I mean it . Seriously . 
At ER with Tabitha ... again . 
You may think I'm weird , but I had SUCH a good time mucking out the horse shelter today ! The horses were SO cute watching me load up the wheelbarrow . I do believe that I amuse them . :-) 
What a wonderful night spent with my loved ones . I am looking forward to more good food and fellowship as we celebrate Christ's birth . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , dear ones . 
1 Corinthians 10:13 \ 
13 No temptation has overtaken you that is not common to man . God is faithful , and he will not let you be tempted beyond your ability , but with the temptation he will also provide the way of escape , that you may be able to endure it . #Bible http://j.mp/aVM3Nd 
My baby makes the BEST country beef ribs ever ! Yumm ... 
Note to self .... don't wait an extra day or two to muck the barn . The mess seems to grow exponentially . My arms are killing me today ! 
thinks her girls R O C K !!!! 
Alright everyone , I need your help . I am working on BIG goals for 2011 . For January , I need to have 20 faces and 11 interviews before the 31st . Contact me if you are willing to help me earn a great prize ! Earn free stuff just for helping me out ! I will definitely make it worth your while !! 
is thinking that some warmer weather might be just fine . 
Raindrops keep falling on my head ... 
Happy Foundation February !!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is launching two BRAND new foundation formulas and I have been challenged to \stripe test\ " 30 faces !! Contact me to set up your appointment before time runs out . AND ... let me help you with your < PROPFIRST>'s gifts . I gift wrap and deliver ! " 
Thank you for all the sweet birthday wishes . You guys sure know how to make a girl feel special ! <3 
Foundation February continues ! I need to \Stripe\ " test a few more faces to meet my goal this month . I'm taking appointments for this weekend and next week . Get your spot now ! Get entered into a drawing for a FREE foundation of your choice . " 
Sugar Dixon-Shock 
It is not too late to get entered to win a FREE foundation ! I need a few more faces for testing our new foundation during Foundation February . We are trying to Save the Nation with Foundation ! 
For the record , spaghetti squash does NOT taste like spaghetti ... it tastes like ( wait for it ... ) SQUASH !!! It is a good thing I like squash . But I don't like it with spaghetti sauce . I do not like it , < PROPFIRST > I Am . 
I am having a total geek moment watching IBM's Watson on Jeopardy . There has even been a < PROPFEMALE > Trek reference already ! My pulse is racing ! I love it !!! 
And life goes on . It is a beautiful day out ! 
is ready for her daughters to be well and back at school . Sigh . 
< PROPFEMALE > had a bad seizure tonight . First one in several years . Say prayers for her , please . At Wake Med until she feels better . This virus is yucky . :-( Glad Mic is w me & my < PROPFEMALE > is on his way . 
Poor little Tabby is still having a hard time . It is awful when your babies don't feel well . Praying we get out of here tomorrow . 
Tabby is feeling better but still having some problems . We are gonna be at Wake yet another night . They are taking great care of her but they don't have a lot of options for parents who would like to eat ! Sigh . I could use some CACK . 
< PROPFEMALE > has been sleeping since about 2pm with no puking ! YAY !!!! Maybe we can start her regular feedings soon . I'm scared to lay down to take a nap cuz that seems to be the trigger for her to start acting up again ! LOL !! 
Woot woot ! Freedom !!! We are leaving this hospital and heading home . YAY !!!! < PROPFEMALE > is all smiles . :-) 
For the rest of February please change your profile image to your dog , cat or favorite animal . The object ? Not to see a human face on FB until Feb . 28 . This is a campaign to raise awareness against the cruelty of animals . Please copy and paste to your profile < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you ! 
has ONLY 25 gift certificates left to sell by Sunday , Feb . 27 . Get $150 worth of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > for just $100 . Keep them for yourself of use them as gifts ! Use them now or use them later !! I take cash , check , charge or a combination of all three ! 
I just got back from the most amazing Extravagant Conference at church ! And my friend , < PROPFEMALE > , was blessed as the Most Extravagant Woman for her testimony and loving spirit . I am so grateful that I took this time today to refill my cup . I am living Extravagantly from this day forward !!! 
What a glorious day ! The sermon was awesome . Lunch was good . Riding my horse was priceless ! With the Oscars tonight , could it be ANY better ? 
I am working my business EXTRAVAGANTLY now ! Ask me about March's specials and help me reach my goal by March 15 !! 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ......!! 
Come out this Saturday , March 5th between 9am - 2pm at Premier Athletics of < PROPMALE > located at 231 Guy Road , < PROPMALE > . This event is to help raise money for the competition fees for All < PROPFEMALE > . We will have our < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > table set up with lots of goodies including our newest foundations and foundation primer ! 
What is your take on the \shape-up\ " shoes ? My orthopedic doctor recommended them to help the foot I injured in a car accident . He did say that they didn't work too well for getting people in shape but they are supposed to be great for arthritis . Suggestions ? " 
At the request of a Facebook friend - We are asking everyone to say a prayer for the US \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON EVERYONE'S PAGE ... Even if its only for an hour . I am HONORED to re-post\ 
Y'all say prayers for me to have strength , love , < PROPFEMALE > , and wisdom at a meeting I have to go to Wednesday afternoon . It's time to slay some dragons . 
The past is gone , but not without its scars . Praying faithfully that my testimony will keep others from experiencing the pain we have gone through . There is nothing we cannot overcome when we let go of the anger , the hurt , the fear and hold tight to our Father . 
Living Extravagantly can be hard work ! I'm glad that I am surrounded by loving family and friends who love on me when needed . I'm blessed to have a loving God who lifts me up when life happens . Here's to another day ! :-) 
I had a blast yesterday at the Fairgrounds looking at groovy cars and hanging with groovy friends ! And , of course , my < PROPFEMALE > ! It was a real treat to spend time with him all day ! 
could use a bit more energy . I have SO much more to do and not enough time or spunk to do it . 
Is loving her daughters with all her heart . 
Prayer Warriors -- I need some serious prayers for my family right now as we are going thru a turbulent time . Please lift us up to our Father for some peace and healing . Thank you and God Bless . 
< PROPFEMALE > 
One adventure ends ; another begins . Every prayer , every good wish , every healing thought is needed right now . God will get us through this . 
Feeling blessed by a wonderful lesson at BSF last night . I thank God for the beautiful , Godly women in my life . :-) 
You and I end up in a police car together : using only 4 words what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along .... 4 words are harder than you think 
needs a bigger closet . Sigh . 
It is a beautifully dreary day . It is a great day to be snuggled up with a good book , a cup of tea , and a sweet , warm < PROPFEMALE > cat sleeping on your feet . 
30 Day Song Challenge \ 
day 01 - your favorite song : Bohemian Rhapsody by < PROPFEMALE > 
Blood , guts , AND cool music ???? Grey's is awesome so far !!!! 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you ... I'll be looking for the ladies who re-post . ? 
30 Day Song Challenge\ 
day 02 - your least favorite song : Achey Breaky Heart , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Breaking News ...! $50 to fill up your car gas tank ( barely ) OR $50 to start a MK business .... Which one can change your life ??? If you've EVER thought about doing what I do : spare time , part time or full time .. inbox me TODAY for MK's biggest Starter < PROPFEMALE > Special EVER ! Just $50 to start ! And the next time you pump gas , it could be for your free MK Career Car ! We are earning our first FREE CAR now !!! 
