Happy funkin New Year !!!!!!!! 

wow its 1/1/11 
I LOOOVE < PROPFIRST > Radcliffe 
I love the 80s !!!! 
Remember me is sooo good < PROPFIRST > p . is better in it than Twilight it is well worth watching but very sad ; ( 
Rain Thunder and Dank -Perfect Combo 
I want to have a party with lots and lots and lots of Sake and homemade Chinese food .... mmmm veggie sushi , kung poa chicken , rice , noodles , cream cheese rangoons , and warmed sake .......... I can't wait for my house warming party ! 
couldnt get paid enough to move back to tumbling < PROPMALE > weed Pahrump AKA Tweekville Thank god I dont live there anymore !!!! 
Got a vampire problem ? Call < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Frog ! 
Why do I always feel like killing someone every time I hear Lady gaga ? 
ugh ! watchin wwe with maboy gotta love him : ) 
By the summer of 1941 , Hitler's army was on the move And Europe was about to fall For millions ... It was a death sentence But for the Belski brothers it was a declaration of war 
I just found out < PROPFIRST > Napier is alive 
Bielski 
My horoscope was right ....... 
God I'm so frickin sick and tired of having female issues My vagina hates me these days Not only that I'm sick and tired not funny stuff at all and I take my female vitamins ! Fu** ! Well could be worse I guess ... but it still sucks bigtime 
Some people are so immature about vaginas 
Its amazing how many females don't know about themselves Good thing I am studying to be a Gynecologist I love to educate people Also good thing I am not too embarrassed about the truth something < PROPMALE > knows nothing about : 0 Just kidding < PROPMALE > ; ) 
loves < PROPMALE > more than anyone ; ) 
Pulled pork sandwiches , salad , corn bread , baked beans and red mashed tatoes sooooooooooooo good Im an amazing cook haha : ) 
ugh ! still not getting better ! what the hell and no doctor till after the holiday this sucks 
I love unsolved mysteries 
I want my tattoo redone !!!!!!!! But Im scared someone will screw it up even more wish someone could do like a rough draft or something lol 
Gotta fire 3 people at work I hate this ..... 
is watching The Lost Boys one of 5 of my favorite Vampire movies That list does not include Twilight 
Twilight is not bad tho just not a fave 
You will never grow old , you will never die , but you must feed Thou shall noooot faaaaalllllll ......................... 
he said he might open it back up but he stays on youtube mostly hes got a whole profile on there as like AK74srthebest0909 
It is always beautiful in this town ; ) Everyone is jealous 
I hate being home without my love Guess I will read my book to keep my mind off it Reading Girl , Interrupted 
And there in his arms , she became someone else . Someone more like herself . -Waltz into Darkness 
Girls with natural big boobs are better than girls with fake big boobs so wish all you want for bigger boobs youll just end up spending money on boobs we already are born with : ) 
Yes RIP Stoney RIP < PROPFIRST > You will always be remembered I will go to the graveyard where you are buried < PROPFIRST > where we will party together and add to the collection of Jager on your grave That was your favorite 
You have that young syndrome I bet when you have kids people will think theyre your siblings just like my mother in law Shes in my pictures Im serious Which when are you gonna pop a few out ? 
I can't believe this I feel horrible and thid is why I want to devote my life on helping females with female issues I guess thats the downside of being a woman 
I love Ahnold Schwarzenegger Total hardass I don't care what anyone says 
What Decade Fits Your Personality Best ? -- My Result : 1960's . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/207044/referrals/status?aid=100001097775118 
My decade personality was the 60s Go figure 
Baked penne with ricotta , mozzarella , parmesan , some broccoli and garlic bread mmmmmmmmm oh and a pina colada and some garlic < PROPMALE > boursin cheese on rice crackers also < PROPMALE > potter and my 2 best friends with me : ) Now I just need to feel better 
I have two days off finally the same as my love thank god we can finally have a breakfast together 
its getting colder and Im sooo excited ... Hot cocoa , hoodies , snow , yummy food , boots , and my birthday : ) heck yes people !!! 
hahahaha my boyfriend just fell asleep with a beer in his hand and dumped freezing cold beer alll over his chest hahahahaha dork 
Watching A Haunting on Discovery One of my favorite shows ! 
My apartment smells like a bakery !!! < PROPFEMALE > bread and chocolate cookies : ) 
Today is a lazy day with my boy : ) 
Watching ghost adventures on Travel Channel Sooooooo intense That is my dream job for sure ! 
Scorpios rule the world ! 
My work is coming to the slow season sucks sooooo bad my checks will be pathetic Oh well least I gotta job Gotta keep tellin myself to stay positive and don't worry so much !!! 
My work gives me a real heart attack I really need to learn how to chill without the expensive meds 
Sneaky foods : Be very careful what you buy in the grocery store because what may LOOK healthier isn't . EX:Bertolli's chicken pasta has 1350 mg salt , Breakstones fat free cottage cheese has 400 mg salt like eating 3 bags of pot . chips !!!, also Prego trad . tomato sauce has 10 g sugar !, ocean spray juice has as much sugar as in soda , low fat frozen yogurt 21g sugar ! So watch out for sneaky foods : ) 
Mississippi is the most highest percentage of overweight people Colorado being the leanest Utah second leanest In 1985 only 10-14% of the American people were overweight Now ? Over 30% !!!!!!!!!!! Gross Put down those forks people ......! 
I hate Lady Gaga !! and < PROPFIRST > z he has the same exact rhythm in every song no talent P.O.S. 
Wow every person in Cedar is pregnant and I thought everyone was hard for cash guess not im in absolutely no rush for that thats for sure 
I heart Ghost Adventures 
It is Friday night and I am a loser tonight ... sittin @ home , made some dank stir fry n cookies , not drinkin or smokin or hangin out with anyone but my boy and my brother watchin Ghost Adventures and lookin like a scrounge hell ya !!!! 
In every real man a child is hidden that wants to play . \ 
\ 
Friedrich Nietzsche\ 
This reminds me of my love < PROPMALE > 
My job stresses the friggin crap outta me ! I'm sick of this town and the seasonal out of work crap I'd be better off quitting and filing for unemployment benefits 
watchin friday best movie ever to watch when ........... 
A few awesome close friends is better to have than a crowd of mediocre friends you could easily do without ... Why waste precious time on people your not willing to commit to a long and wonderful relationship 
Scorpio's at heart rock on ........! 
Yay < PROPMALE > is coming over then < PROPFIRST > ryback then drink some white russians and some beer and eeeeeeeeeeet !!!!!! 
Dank = Mississippi Mudd 9% Beer , Pabst Blue Ribbon , White Russians , Mudd Slides .... and unfortunately Milwaukee Best but the rest = dank Where are you < PROPFIRST > ?! 
Funniest word = Shit skin lol Im drunk listening to Sicmade music 
Welp , another day of my life is over ... just watchin The Haunting and chillin with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
New Ghost Adventures is on people !!!!!! don't forget to watch it on Travel !!!!!! 
yaya ! its Fall now ... gonna go visit nature 
I love you < PROPMALE > Dowd !!!!!!!!!!! 111 
Watchin fear and loathing in Las Vegas and eating SPAM Don't hate on Spam I grew up on that shit ! but anywho funniest movie ever ! Impress her with this ! Impress her with this ! 
I'm sick of having nothing ... I need a career 
< PROPMALE > Dowd + Stache < PROPFEMALE > = better than you lol 
I hate it when someone acts more like a salesperson than a friend ....... Anyways work wore me out big time today Soooo many people got fired so now its just me and 3 other people running the whole hotel and only me and my boss are the only ones who actually WORK ..... @ least now I know my hours aren't cut tho 
time to watch a movie and chill Work was friggin hard today ... 
I hate dumb females and it seems like I am surrounded by them everyday in this town I want to take my brothers AK-47 and rambo it up on their faces .... >.< 
Watching Batman animation series best show everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! Grew up watchin it 
Finally my one day off has come ... 
life sucks and then you die ...... 
HELLo people 
I loooove the rain !!!!!! 
white russians are my fave 2 oz smirnoff vodka 1 oz cofee liqueur the rest milk maybe a lil choc syrup maybe a lil coffee soooooo gooood ! We been trashed listenin to old rap like allll night .... love it ! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is the shit biyatch ! 
Puff Puff Give Get a nigga killed fuckin up the rotation ! 
I am going out ! And if the fresh air agrees with me I might go everyday ! lol watching secret garden 
Just got done Watching the news drinkin coffee reading the newspaper and still listening to the storm 
Just read an article on < PROPFEMALE > Bruni Just goes to show how inhumane people are Woman have no rights If she did commit adultery and conspire to kill her husband thats if she conspired I hardly think bringing the poor girls spirit down by humiliating her then giving her 99 lashes then stoning her is a reasonable punishment 
Thats not just punishment theyre making an example of her ... I really \ 
think we should learn to love more If it is so give her a jail sentence \ 
don't kill her for sexual behavior thats between her and her husband .. I \ 
feel for this woman and her children 
I wanna see new < PROPMALE > Potter !!!! Huge fan ! 
uhg ! my work needs to learn how to communicate better ... I hate < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
I am a worry wort ... 
Being on your feet all day sucks I am sooooo tired I just wanna sit in my recliner and watch a movie and chill and make a white russian 
I love Weeds ! cant wait to watch the new ones 
I think its time to visit nature at its prettiest I looove autumn !!! The < PROPMALE > is absolutely gorgeous looks like its on fire and I wont forget the scooby snacks ; ) 
mmmm coffee @ 7:30 at night 
smoke a cig and drink coffee in the freezing cold outdoors 
Another day off to spend with my love : ) 
I heart < PROPMALE > : ) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is awesome I looove her Halloween specials 
Time to organize this huge pile of recipes I have 
I have been dying to go dancing but theres no where to dance here .. literally dying !!!!!!!!!!! thats when I miss Vegas = ( 
Now I must settle for dancing in my apartment listening to < PROPFEMALE > & Blondie drinking white Russians I think I could go for a scotch and coke tonight 
So I just read an excerpt from a new book called Fragments about my idol < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > I can tell you it is a must have for even if you don't read .. It includes poems , letters , notes , and diary entries of everything she endured growing into a woman ... Very sad , but very inspiring as well ... It will make you cry and be grateful for everything you have 
Happiness lies in your own hands 
Man I need a sewing machine I love sewing it sux 
Imperfection is beauty Madness is genius And its better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring And when it comes down to it I let them think what they want if they care enough to bother about what I do I'm already better than them --- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Hollywood is a place where they'll pay a thousand dollars for a kiss and 50 cents for your soul --- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
If any of you have a youtube account add me I'm ScorpioGoddess1988 
Love is a bird She needs to fly Let all the hurt inside of you die 
Got payed today To bad every < PROPFEMALE > is goin to bills ... Lifes a bitch and then you die 
Seeing Obama on TV ruins my happy mood .... Obama's job description : Giving speeches all day about things that won't ever happen because he's too busy giving speeches 
God this country is hopeless right now Since when was every single political official a clueless self beneficial embarrassment ?! Those people are holding the very few that have a clue back and are making our country look absolutely horrible They need to take notes from our forefathers It makes my blood boil and this whole job upheaval is still going on I think I might join the national guard 
Ugh Finally time to work out and lose my belly fat that has got to go ASAP lol ! 
Doing yoga is the most effective workout I've ever done ... My whole entire body is sore !! 
Agh ! I am soooo sore No workin out for a minute I think its time to pop a muscle relaxer and chillax fsure 
Ya I feel miserable today : ( bein sick sux and its like a freezer outside ... I wish < PROPMALE > was here to take care of me ... 
Im sooo tired and sore and miserable and hungry and cold Over the counter crap doesn't cut it 
I totally forgot that my birthday is in like 2 weeks .... that sucks 
watchin paranormal state and ghost adventures right now looove Chip Coffey 
Halloween is great fall is definitely the best season !! 
Just made 2 yummy pumpkin pies while watchin Nightmare before Christmas ... That movie is awesome to watch when you're in a room full of purple and orange lights ... Next time makin Egg Nog Cheesecake with gingersnap crust its soooo delicious You wish you were as good of a baker as me ! 
Haloween game to play-100 candles : Light 100 candles in a room Get friends together Take turns tellin ghost stories while holding a candle in your hand Once your story is over blow out the candle By the time you blow out the last candle 100 spirits will be in the room with you ... 100 stories is a lot so bring a lot of friends 
Does anyone know if egg nog is in stores yet ?? 
Dude Godfather is soooooo long but its a good movie !! < PROPMALE > Pacino is one of my fave fsure 
Its time I bought a new gun ... Shooting is great 
These are desperate times ... 
The Lovely Bones is an awesome movie 
Has anyone tried the Acai/cleanse combo diet pills ? I heard it really works , but still a little iffy ... 
Potheads are harmless and drunks aren't 
I have decided that I'm going to move far away and only keep in contact with the only two people I really care about . That is my goal 
Man , I really need to go back to college and get a real job right about now ... It's not like I spend much time @ work but college is soooo friggin expensive !!!!!!! 
Ghost Adventures is on in 10 minutes !!! 
It is sooooo freezing outside in this dress So not ready for winter in this freezing town 
Time to watch Batman and moke ! 
I need a change of scenery in my life : ( 
Just got finished doing 20 minutes of yoga stretches , 40 squats , 20 yoga crunches , 20 reversed crunches , 40 yoga push ups , a few things on the total gym for about 20 minutes , and 90 jumping jacks for cardio Got my workout in for the day ! Now time to make a soy protein shake 
Watchin the classic movie station all day today : ) Old films are muuuuuuch better than any of the new stuff < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Monroe , Bette Davis , Audrey Hepburn , Maureen O Hara , Humphrey Bogart , < PROPFIRST > Lorie , James Cagney YOU LIVE ON !!!!!!!!!!!! 
These workouts are really kicking me in the ass now ... wish it was easier losing weight ... mmm maybe I should take up on a meth habit thats what every other female does in this town 
I really hate it when I'm wide awake cuz my brain won't shut up and let me fall asleep And then < PROPMALE > is sound asleep like What are doing Take a sleeping pill !... Chya like that'll help ... 
Time to make my own recipe of ambrosia salad : ) 
I'm so not ready to be 22 ... Life goes by tooo fast Why do I feel so old ? 
Walking on < PROPFEMALE > GrEEn 
is gonna make a recipe for cookies that make you love from my \ Witch in the kitchen \ " book " 
A think a shopping spree and a haircut is desperately needed 
I miss Vegas : ( There's not a variety of personalities in this place ... everyones the same person I HATE ! damn it all to hell i think its time to move already ..... 
Putting some more pictures of my love and myself up tomorrow thank god I love pictures ! 
Happy Birthday to Grace < PROPFIRST > , a very beautiful and talented actress of the < PROPFEMALE > Age 
Vows are spoken\ 
To be broken\ 
Feelings are intense\ 
Words are trivial\ 
Pleasures remain\ 
So does the pain\ 
Words are meaningless\ 
And forgettable 
Thanks everyone wishin me a Happy Birthday ! muah ! 
ThANK you all for my happy birthdays !!! you guys are awesome : > ) 
ugh ! I feel soooooo dehydrated from alcohol ..... damn white russians 
Wow this has been a day of laziness 
My birthday was great thanx to all of my family : ) 
Time to go visit the < PROPMALE > one last time before the freezing wonderland comes Gonna be covered in snow soon : ) 
loves < PROPMALE > and is very happy : ))) 
CEDAR PEOPLE = LAME PEOPLE 
Have a drink and shut up or shut up and get out 
Never take the easy way out 
The snow is coming ! Almost time to go snowboarding and sledding Soooooo fun ! 
I'm so ready to start over somewhere else ! This place is a never ending cycle of failures You could live here 100 years and still not move up in life and theres absolutely nothing to experience because everyone and everything is the same It's just not meant for people me I think I'm becoming insane .... all in good time I guess 
ugh ! my boys and their damn wrestling shit ..... 
Need a female piece ! 
I looove Colorado ! wanna move there sooo bad ! 
Everyday we're dying .... 
Tomorrows gonna be different I swear this time ! 
Cedar people are bogas for friends so not worth my time Just glad I've got a couple amazing friends to be around : ) 
is watching The Good Girl 
is gonna watch Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and eat a granola bar for dinner 
is going to work out awhile no slacking that's not good 
Just got done lifting weights now its PROTEIN ! PROTEIN ! PROTEIN ! if ya wanna look like the situation ! then tomorrow its yoga ! 
Yummy shake for gaining muscle : 3 ice cubes , 1 banana , 2 tbls peanut butter , 1 1/2 scopes chocolate whey protein powder for men or EAS chocolate soy protein powder for females , and 1 1/2 c skim milk Mix it up in a blender and chug ! 
Time for bedtime tea Goodnight FB 
there is a blizzard outside it's crazy ... seems like this'll be quite a freezing winter here in Cedar City Utah this year 
I wish I had like an endless prescription to happy pills then I would be endlessly happy 
Why can't anyone else I know have insomnia like me ?!!!!! 
Since everyone is thankful for something today on FB I can honestly say I am thankful for < PROPMALE > and his family , my family mostly my brother < PROPMALE > , and I am thankful for the earth and everything that grows on it This is what I am thankful for 
Goodnight FB finally going to sleep at a decent time lol 
way too early to be up for stache 
Just went shopping for thanksgiving and it was hell 
Time to make my roasted sweet potato cheesecake with pecan crust and my eggnog cranberry cheesecake then its pumpkin oatmeal walnut chocolate chip cookies ... and the best part of it is that everything doesn't have a lot of fat in it ! : ) 
Time to watch E Wock adventures and try and go night night walking on < PROPFEMALE > green like Jethro Tull 
Wow it felt so quiet and alone this weekend with all the snow covering and darkening us Got at least a foot ! 
Why does every single person have an iPhone ? those phones got the most bad calls at AT&T and why would you want a phone that does 20 different things its a phone for Christs sake ! Why don't we just start putting everything important in our lives on our phones now ... 
Stache is not here today , but feel free to leave a message 
Christmas shopping ! 
Finally getting the hot water heater and air fixed for this freezing cold ice box of an apartment 
Skinnys vanilla latte coffee creamer is delicious ! and fat free : ) 
Ghost Adventures tonight ! 
Whatup dogs ?! 
shoes.com is the awesomest 
is watching practical tactical and drinkin a vanilla latte 
You say that money isn't everything , but I'd like to see ya live without it 
loves the nightmare before Christmas soundtrack 8 ) 
is making frosting for Christmas COOKIES !!!!!!! 
is working out with weights today and listening to < PROPFEMALE > 
wants to eat shit snowboarding already 
I freakin hate the postal service ! This is like the 5th time theyve lost my package and they don't have any of what I ordered left either ..... they are seriously over payed 
Music makes the people come together 
I hope you feel the same way too : ) 
To see a world in a grain of sand\ 
And a heaven in a wild flower , \ 
Hold infinity in the palm of your hand\ 
And eternity in an hour . 
thinks running in the freezing cold rainy weather was a bad idea .... 
is watching wrestling then ghost adventures : ) 
is watching Russia on the travel channel 
So not excited to go to wal mart and finish Christmas food shopping I totally wish you could just order food online and just have it delivered in an hour That store gives me a migraine headache 
It's a damn cold night , Tryin to figure out this life lol 
is going to put in a movie and try to sleep a little bit earlier tonight like 1 
* : * :: * :: < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!! * : * :: * : * 
It is really weird to me how it is normal in Utah for really young woman who have barely even lived themselves to get married and have children when they've just barely been in their 20s You have your whole life to do that ! Why not be young while you have the < PROPMALE > and do something for yourself first like concentrate on a career ? Utah is the only state like that too Mormon culture I guess ..... 
had a wonderful Christmas : ) 
is listening to classic music and reading < PROPFEMALE > Rice's Called out of Darkness A spiritual Confession 
Wow everything looks soooo bright from the snow ! Hurts my eyes more than the sun 
It's a pictorial representation of the order of < PROPFEMALE>'s mind 
Why are snowboards so expensive ?! 
This year has been really lame ... hopefully next year will be a lot more exciting and meaningful in fact I know it will be ... : ) 
It is sooooo hard for me to get rid of hiccups Its soooo annoying ! 
is watching Raw and bottling homemade beer .... MMMM Whispering wheat ale 
Today is a chillax day 
The movie Fear makes me want to marry < PROPFIRST > Wahlberg He is hot stuff 
Has anyone seen Ghosts of Girlfriends Past ? So hilarious ! 
Just watched the south park where they all try and get scrotum cancer so they can smoke weed and they bounce on their nut sacks holding support weed signs Soooo stupid , but funny ! 
I definitely need to move somewhere else ...... somewhere with opportunities 
just listening to metal and workin out with the total gym ..... must .... get .... rid .... of .... love handles lol ! 
just got done w/ yoga and now cooking a pot roast and watching the departed w/ buddies 
watchin Equilibrium with Christian Bale , the best actor of all time 
is going to see The Fighter with Christian Bale , best actor ever lol 
I'm so sick of this economy its a never ending cycle of misery for everyone including myself & I hope the world ends in 2012 
Scorpions forever and ever and ever 
I think that the new zodiac signs are all bogas because I've studied astrology thoroughly for years and none other than Scorpio can describe me and other scorpions I know best Also every personality trait from everyone Ive ever known has pointed directly to their symbol .... Im just gonna pretend that were still the same symbol as always I dont even come close to having the personality of a libra 
1 hr til Zak Baggins goes on a ghost adventure .... totally wish I had his job 
Life is one huge bummer right now 
MMMMM Homemade Ber !!!!!! Got < PROPFEMALE > red fermenting too That stuff is bomb 
Whatchu got on my 40 homie !... Yeah , you got somethin ' Ya'll some high rollers 
I hate not being able to pay my bills ... Makes me feel like a huge pile of nothing ... 
Wow didnt go to sleep til 4 ... 
RedbuLL ! 
watchin Little Caesar old 1930s < PROPMALE > Capone movie w/ < PROPFIRST > G Robinson Great Actor ! 
I hate insufferable know-it-alls Okay we get it you're smart ... Now shut your face ! 
That settles it ... America is a bunch of greedy pricks and I'm movin to Canada 
ugh .... life 
Ghost Adventures !!! Are you guys excited ?! I know < PROPFIRST > is !!!!! 
Going to go shooting out in the woods today cuz the weather is amazing ! You people wish you could see how gorgeous it is ! 
watching 3:10 to YUMA cuz Christian Bale is the best 
http://search.barnesandnoble.com/books/product.aspx?ean=9780300070880 & 
time to make meatloaf 
Never have anything in your life that you cant walk out on 30 seconds flat if you feel the heat around the corner 
St. George was fun .... I get soooo sick of being in this town after so long It depresses me .... 
PPL in Cedar City are seriously worthless as a friend ... and theyre boring too 
wow I am glad I don't live in Egypt ... 
I cant believe the comments that people have on student < PROPFEMALE > websites ... Almost every comment , the person felt so hopeless and suffocated that they were thinking of suicide . It really makes me feel horrible to know that we live in a country that doesn't care about young people killing themselves over something as evil as debt and don't want anything to do with you unless you pay up 
Let's go all the way tonight No Regrets Just love We can dance until we die You and I Well be Young forevaaaaaaaaaaaaaa lol ! 
Just got Vision Quest in the mail ! GREAT movie !!!!!!!! I loooove the 80s ! 
Just got done watchin a movie called TAPS with < PROPMALE > cruise and < PROPFIRST > penn It's waaay good , but sad ..... < PROPFIRST > Becker is a great director 
I am going to pray that all my bills disappear today ... 
< PROPMALE > Gibson called < PROPFEMALE > Ryder an \oven dodger\ " thats is sooooooo rude cuz I loooove < PROPFEMALE > and could care less if she's jewish ... but thats kinda funny ... < PROPMALE > really hates those jews ... " 
Everyone go to my profile and click on the link and vote against the Small Arms Treaty !! 
I really wanted to work out today , but of course I'm sick and cant : ( 
Lame , Lame , Lame , and shitty . That is what my life is ... 
The End of My Poem on FBs My Notes :\ 
In the end there is nothing\ 
In the end there is you\ 
In the end there is no one who will comfort you\ 
In the end there's no mercy\ 
No absolution of guilt\ 
In the end there's just you\ 
And the lies that you built 
God , I hate sinusitis ..... 
Yay ! I get food stamps ! Finally I can live off the government for a change ! lol ! 
ugh ... someone send me some antibiotics ! 
In the middle of the night , Head on my pillow ... Looking like a little ghost ... Seems like all of the things that ya gave your family , Have all gone up in smoke ... In the middle of the night , You don't know what I'm thinking , But still the stars still < PROPFEMALE > and shine ... Seems like all of the time , our boat was slowly sinking ... You didn't even seem to mind ... Now all I wanna do ........ is sleeeeeeeeeep 
Sooooo I'm REALLY hoping that I can get my lil Russian Blue < PROPFEMALE > from Vegas ... I need a companion for when my love is at work to keep me company : ) 
Football is the worst sport out of everything ... even T-ball ... THE WORST Boooooooorrrrrrrrrrrriiiing ............... I'd rather watch 8 hours of senior citizens play golf ..... 
Po Po Po Poka face 
meow 
ugh .... that is how I feel 
People on Cash Cab are effin stupid as hell They couldnt even come up with 5 most populous cities in the US ... LoL I love Cash Cab 
Wow Egypt is crazy ! Just watched AlJazeera LIVE 
Jilian Micheals is a fake .... 
Valentines Day is 4 days away ... yay 
I think I'm dying of stress disease 
The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct acting from inner necessity . The creative mind plays with objects it loves . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Gustav < PROPFEMALE > 
Just got done makin the hugest < PROPMALE > head cake ever ! 
Is this the gun you used on < PROPFIRST > , On me ? Is this the family gun dad ? 
I < PROPFEMALE > the thought of always havin you here by my side ! 
Any ideas for amstaff/boxer dog names ? 
< PROPFEMALE > my new pup is a total character runnin around like a wild woman ! I LOVE our baby < PROPFEMALE > ??? Happy Valentines Day to our new family ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > is cold up here We'll have to get her a lil sweater @ the store ... She wouldnt go pee in the cold for some reason only in the house 
Watchin animal cops .. People are idiots they dont have the resources to take care of their animals , but they dont wanna give them a better home so they just suffer and then die ... poor things 
watchin < PROPFEMALE > with my < PROPFEMALE > ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is a feisty one right now ? I think she's teething cuz she wont stop munchin on her rope and her bone 
Relax , you go talkin like that and you'll have your belly to the sun , your best suit on and no where to go , but hell 
I am SO SICK of this wind !!!!!!!! >.< 
I've learned more from reading up on things and studying myself from books and online research than I ever have from a teacher ... kinda makes me wish I could just study things myself and take a test to earn a degree instead of wasting my time in a classroom ... 
ugh .... I am so mentally tired 
< PROPFEMALE > is actually drinkin water today so thats good ? Thank god Poor thing has the puppy flu So sad : ( 
So I guess some idiot on you tube decided to hack into my account and post rude and ridiculous comments on some videos ... people really have absolutely no life 
< PROPFEMALE > is being a total brat right now and is running around the house 50 < PROPMALE > per hour .... guess she's really glad to be feeling better 
Things are so friggin hectic lately ! I need a strong one Who cares if its only noon 
It's Chillax o ' clock 
Time to make tator tot caserole even tho I just heard some REALLY sad stuff today 
So has anyone heard of the people killed by pirates on a yacht ? Crazy 
Welp , the news today is really bad ... I think I will clean , do laundry and then take < PROPFEMALE > out now 
Holding onto something for so long get's stronger and stronger the longer its held Eventually energy that strong has a will of its own It never ends positive ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is freakin driving me CRAZY today ... If she doesn't stop running around and biting my pants and takin off with my laundry and chewin up my couch pillows its the crate for her ! 
Time to chillllllllllll out 
Why do people have to be so ugly alllll the time ?!!!!... I am SICK of rude people ... I have zero tolerance for rudeness 
2 days with my 2 loves < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Thank god .... 
Gonna try to work out tomorrow with some pilates stuff I'm always busy doin other stuff tho , but no I WILL work out !!!!!!!! 
ugh , no matter what I do I cannot get into shape I think I'm just gonna starve for awhile and then start to really work on some pilates and yoga I just wanna get rid of my belly and gain some muscle tone in my mid section , but no matter how much I work out it never happens ... and I don't eat bad food either .... starving plus exercise is the only thing that works , but its really unhealthy and gives me headaches = ( 
Time to start my 2 hr workout with pilates and resistance stuff and then protein ! protein ! protein ! like the situation says on Jersey Shore lOl !! 
Everyone should work out ... Lot of Americans are really fat especially in < PROPFEMALE > its like the number 5th fattest state next to all those southern cookin states ... Colorado bein the 50th cuz theyre healthy and Utah the 49th ... yes , people are fat and lazy and eat toooooo much Pass the word ... 
Just finished watchin FEAR since it is awesome and I love < PROPFIRST > Wahlberg .... cuz he's a bad boy which is really hot and he's just a freakin amazing actor !!!!!!! 
Wow I ran like 20 errands today Now it's time to chillax and enjoy the company of my baby < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > and ...... 
Time to get the day started since its like almost 12 and I feel like a zombie Hardly got any sleep like 4 hours .... ugh 
< PROPFEMALE > is a fussy girl .... Time to tuck her in ? 
Ugh ! I HATE the wind My hair looks like a rats nest I need the shining sun already I miss seein the sun and just waiting to get ready and go outside and do stuff ... This is really havin a miserable effect on me .... 
Wish I lived in New Orleans right now I ? Mardi Gras aaaaand < PROPMALE>'s Cake is YUMMY ! But you probably have no clue of what I speak of .... 
~ I think its time to take a lil day trip on payday ... I am in desperate need of getting out of this town for awhile before my mask of sanity slips ..... >.< 
? ~?~ ? I'm careless about everything ..... Life is too short to care so much about everything LIVE LIFE WITH A FREE SPIRIT AND OPENLY , DO WHAT YOU WANT AND LOVE THE ONES THAT COUNT ? ~?~ ? 
Those Jersey shore bitches need to be shipped away from < PROPFEMALE > I am so sick of dumb bitches on TV that make the U.S. people look like fools ... also the girls next door along with the Kardashians along with pretty much every dumb preppy bitch on TV .... 
My horoscope is so true everyday : You are likely to distance yourself from others now , feeling the need to withdraw and reflect . Your thoughts are inclined to be heavy , critical , and pessimistic at this time , so it would be good to realize that you are only seeing part of the picture , and perhaps seek the advice of an older , experienced person who has passed through some of the challenges you face . 
I'm totally in this mood : This is not a period when you feel like pushing your own interests forward in which you are especially energetic or full of stamina . Other people's concerns and needs receive more attention from you now , & you are more inclined to do something which serves others , perhaps a group you are associated with . Cooperating w/ others for some idealistic purpose is very satisfying for you at this time . 
Zak Bagans is my hero 
Anya = PIGGIE 
Tomorrow is Lent and I'm makin a < PROPMALE>'s Cake ! 
Watchin The Nun Story with < PROPFEMALE > Hepburn on TCM , my favorite channel ? Good movie to start off Lent : ) 
Delomelanicon 
I can't wait until St. Patrick's Day !!! Its the main holiday at my house ; ) Hooray for the < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
? ~ Saint < PROPFIRST > was a Gentlemen ~ ? \ 
Saint < PROPFIRST > was a gentleman , \ 
and he came from decent people , \ 
In Dublin town he built a church , \ 
and on it put a steeple ;\ 
His father was a Gallagher , \ 
his mother was a Brady , \ 
His aunt was an O'Shaugnessy , \ 
and his uncle was a Grady . \ 
Then success to bold Saint < PROPFIRST>'s fist , \ 
He was a saint so clever , \ 
He gave the snakes and toads a twist , \ 
and banished them forever ! 
Thank you Jesus for the sun thats shining outside today I was beginning to think spring forgot about us .... 
I feel horrible for the people in Japan ... like 300 deaths that they know of so far , but there's about 200 more people they can't find ... I'll pray for them tonight 
May your blessings outnumber\ 
The shamrocks that grow , \ 
And may trouble avoid you\ 
Wherever you go . \ 
~ Irish Blessing sending Shamrock love to everyone 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is my hero If any ladies are lookin for a hot bod I suggest tryin any one of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s dvd videos cuz they kick ass ! Even if you're a busy person she has 10 minute workouts as well and workouts for beginners Also advanced workouts She's badass Do it ! No excuse if youre fat !!! lol ! 
I think thats ..... blood 
Jamaican me crazy ! 
I'm gonna kill ya Charlie ... cuz I can't bear the thought of you sellin out ! 
I'll dress you up in my love ... alll over your body ... from your head down to your toes lol I ? dancin to good music ! 
? Poverty stole your < PROPFEMALE > shoes , not your laughter ? 
< PROPMALE > got called in today = * ( I hate being alone ... and I hate waking up to sad news which I have woken up to sad news everyday this week seems like .... just a bad week for me 
I love chillin with < PROPFEMALE > homies AKA Brycedog/Erickdog/Anyadog and watchin ghost adventures 
I just want summer already ! ! ! Im sick of sweatshirts ..... 
My horoscope is extra true today : You are interested in the big picture and have less attention and interest in details . Studying new concepts is also favored ; your ability to understand abstract ideas and your < PROPFEMALE > to grow intellectually is strong now . Anything than broadens your mind appeals to you at this time 
My < PROPFEMALE > isn't feelin very good = ( poor girl 
SO TRUE !? You feel free to concentrate on the things that are most important to you now . Getting what you really want and moving toward achieving the things which are important to you may involve surrendering something or eliminating something from your life at this time : perhaps an attitude , a situation , or an attachment that has been impeding you is now released .? Definitely an attitude ! 
I miss Zak Baggins , < PROPMALE > Groff , and < PROPFIRST > ..... 
BUT YOU DON'T LOOK SICK ... It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( PTSD , Lupus , Fibromyalgia , CFS , Dysautonomia , Diabetes , Crohns , Behcets , Arthritis , Menieres , IBS , Epilepsy , MS , Depression , RA , Lyme's Disease , Ulcerative Colitis ) 
allergies suck .... 
Does anyone know of a good show comin up in Vegas ? I'm dying to go to a concert Last one I went to was Megadeth like in December 2009 I think ... 
