trying to figure out what to do now 

Is board and lonly waiting for < PROPMALE > to come home so we can go to the party . 
am home now not well but home now 
ok am feeling better not fixed yet or fine again bnut better , and I officialy hate hospitals 
Wants to play D&D on saturday so is hopeing for snow . 
is sad , her colesterol is 246 
I need to forget what just happened . Maybe it was a bad dream . 
To many things on a list to do or get done and I really just want to mope on the couch . 
So I figured that I should post a shout out to all our friends that have time and boxes to call me and come on by with the boxes you can spare . We are really tring to get packing now . Please we really do need the help . 
Still moving need extra hands . I wonder if I can have some implanted then removed later . >.> <.< where are those friends I need !?! 
Ok done-ish Packing . Now for the sleeping on the floor and cleaning ! 
We're Here ! just not in our own place yet . 
Am kinda settled in but still have work to do . Husband needs work .. know and brain doctors ? 
Riss wants to be a stripper . 
Is slowly thanking all for wishing happy oldness on her . 
I wuve you cuppy cake ! 
Going to Spokane call me and we can get together . 
apathy is killing me . but will it work ? 
SO the apathy thing is n ot working . Not to mention you have to notice the change in order to have it do something . 
And when you go go go go I know And it never ends It never ends 
Need's help . No idea what to do next . 
SOOOOOO bord ..... 
Back to the grind ? 
Lord Jesus Christ hit by car ! real news story ! \ 
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/37015837/ns/us_news-weird_news/?gt1=43001 
Nothing I think I am loosing it 
I got a bad notion i am loosing control of what little was left of my life . I don't want to go back to the start . I am too old for that right ? 
Went to hospital last night .... they did nothing ... my bloodwork was ok ... sent me home with pain meds . 
I am so hopefull things are finaly getting better ... corse two jobs and many bills are still standing there looming . 
Saturn is in Libra finaly .... lessons to be learned and balance to keep . 
Do you every get tired of the people who apologise for shit all the time but never do anything to change the problem ????????????????????? Just one big empty feeling of \I can't do anything so I am not gonna use my brain to change it . I am gonna use my butt to flatten this couch cushion . \ " Fucking fuckers . " 
Do you every get tired of the people who apologise for shit all the time but never do ... http://chatter.com/a/fay2x?ref=nf 
My phone number is changed ... and the system told everyone at like 10:30 sorry guys chat me if you want it and you were not in the auto send list . 
Have you been feeling stagnant lately , Aquarius , as if your life is going nowhere ? What happens today could change that . An unusual group event could put you in touch with people who open new intellectual , career , or spiritual doors for you . Stimulating conversations could turn your head toward opportunities that you were never aware of before . Onward and upward ! 
Help !!! I need a place to stay in Spokane for like the 6th , 7th , 8th , and 9th . 
Thank you guys I knew I had friends ! 
OK all I am Officialy moving back to Spokane . Would love help loading in tricities on Sat and unloading in Spokane on Sun . 
really noone wants to help me tormorrow ??? 
Today , the < PROPFEMALE > moves into quirky , independent Aquarius , a sign that thinks ahead of the mainstream , breaks all the rules , and holds the spark of creative genius . This is a great day for thinking outside the box and coming up with innovative solutions to age-old problems . The < PROPFEMALE > in Aquarius also allows us to step back from our personal dramas and view ourselves with cool detachment , very good for accurate self-assessment 
I just finished filing my taxes with TaxACT , you can try it for free : http://budurl.com/TaxACTFB1 
I totaly feel special today thanks guys ! 
In fact I have friends that are better friends than I am a friend . 
For real though I do have better friends than I am . 
Comedy night at jokers ! Prime Rib at 6:30 !!!!!! 
