Images of everyone of what you see just illusions of . What we were meant to become , Awakened fire of the Son inside . Everything within me cries out The phoenix is rising , My heart overflows Everything within has burned out . the fire is rising . New life 

baccalaureate thing in a couple hours . Hopefully this wont be as long as the chapel was :P 
has to be up and ready by quarter to 7 tomorrow even though I dont have an exam grrrrr ..... 
Spanish exam today after that ridiculous moving up thing . Then work till 10 
So goodnight gravity , It has kept me down . But I always get just one more try . I always get just one more try . And in the morning I will find my heart . And in the morning I will find my heart -Goodn night gravity-Falling up 
I found my place among the seas , I found this grace upon my knees 
turned 18 , and will finish highschool on the same day ! Today would be perfect if the pre-calc exam would find a small hole to crawl in and die :D 
thanx for the birthday wishes everyone ! :) 
is 18 and done with highschool . WOO ! 
I feel like I lost three hours of my life last night that I will never get back ....... drive in was fun though :D 
got an iphone :D 
trying to pass time before work at 4 
just ate an entire carton of blueberries ..... 
And we were sixteen at the time , nothin could ever change our minds . We were one step below invincible and we always fought it 
think im gonna go down to the library 
just got back from being a lil lost downtown 
well , what do you know , I only have a few more days of officallyt having to deal with CCA and they still found a way to make life more complicated , fantastic 
Had an awesome time at prom last night , but is so very tired lol 
What lies behind us and what lies before us are < PROPFEMALE > matters compared to what lies within us . ~ Ralph < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
And we were 16 at the time , nothin could ever change our minds we were one step below invincible and we always fought it . And you've never been the same you were so scared to make a name and I wish youd come back now . I wish you well , i wish you well , on 
And we were 16 at the time , nothin could ever change our minds we were one step below invincible and we always fought it . And you've never been the same you were so scared to make a name and I wish youd come back now . I wish you well , i wish you well , on 
Is completely done with Highschool , CCA , all of my awesome friends , Im not sure whether to be completely ecstatic or horribly depressed :/ lil of both I think 
wow , so many people dying recently , MJ , < PROPFIRST > mays , who's next ?? 
what is he dippity doin ? 
work till 5 then beccas grad party :) 
There's more to livin than being alive 
V for vendetta = amazing movie 
is in Roth !! :D 
Spacek signed with montreal !!! :( 
by some bizzare turn of events , I did better on my precalc exam than I did spanish .... how'd that happen ??? 
off to be poked and prodded so I can go to college soon . I think I need a shot :/ lol 
bleh , tired 
does not want to wash another dish for a while ..... 
When I go , don't cry for me In my Father's arms I'll be The wounds this world left on my soul Will all be healed and I'll be whole . Sun and < PROPFEMALE > will be replaced With the light of Jesus ' face And I will not be ashamed For my Savior knows my name . -All my t 
is putting some music together for the party 
When I go , don't cry for me In my Father's arms I'll be The wounds this world left on my soul Will all be healed and I'll be whole . Sun and < PROPFEMALE > will be replaced With the light of Jesus ' face And I will not be ashamed For my Savior knows my name . - Jars of 
thanx to everyone who came to my grad party :D 
This I pledge , and I'll take it to my death I'll lay my life down for you and die over again I and I , I'm not ashamed of the Most High Even if I die tonight , if I die tonight This I pledge , and I'll take it to my death You can bet your life on my words an 
Falling down is oh , so hard I am torn , I am bruised Finding grace in every scar I am whole , I am new -How've we come this far ? Wavorly 
\I hate living without You Dead wrong to ever doubt You But my demons lay in waiting Tempting me away Oh how I adore You Oh how I thirst for You Oh how I need You \"" 
ok , its july 15th and I havent gotten my letter 
hmm scam artist and child molester came into work all on the same day . Fun Fun 
fantastic 
anyone know of someplace that's hiring people ? 
\I believe you and I will overcome I believe you and I believe in love Whether you think I'm so confused Or if you feel the way I do So don't give in to this hate within Living in this world of pain Don't let it bring you down The world is a ghetto \"" 
Even though you feel all alone It can't rain everyday It don't rain forever Your sunshine may be gone but i know It can't rain everyday It don't rain forever so let it reign down ! Reign down ! reign down ! reign down on me now ! 
It is not good for all our wishes to be filled ; through sickness we recognize the value of health ; through evil , the value of good ; through hunger , the value of food ; through exertion , the value of rest . - Greek Proverb 
anyone going to < PROPFEMALE>'s and feel like giving me a ride ? 
As I’m building up this house I wonder what of it will stay . It seems You just take things away . And I’ll admit , I shouldn’t say these things . But I have got to hear from You somehow . Does this have a point to it ? God , I wish I could hear You . You s 
I've been as far as you can go I've learned a lot and now I know You're never gonna get me on the floor again I'm prepared to take you to the end Never gonna play your games again Bring your whole team and all your friends But I hope your listenin ' Haunt 
is gonna see how rediculous TO's show is . Im honestly a little scared 
if you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , either good or bad . When you're finished post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about 
just got a message from < PROPFEMALE > about my \enrollment status\ " you'd think not having any sort of contact with them for over 6 months would have given them a clue .... " 
Got up about two hours ago and went to sleep about 4 ago . What's wrong with me ??? lol 
bored out of my mind ..... 
Is about to enter his attic that hasn't been touched since a bat flew into it a year . Lil worried about what sort of fantastical furry thing(s ) may or may not still be there . 
going to the mall con Kindred 
tired , bored , confused 
\Brother take my hand Lets separate ourselves Leave behind this place -Don't ever look back -\"" 
Take my life , I need you now Draw me closer draw me closer I'm on my knees , I'm crying out Draw me closer I want to be closer to you I've traveled down so many roads that only brought me pain And with every bridge I burned you could've turned away But you 
bored out of my freaking mind . 
Wow , one of the few really awesome days we've had this summer and I have absolutely nothing to do or anyone to do it with 
once again it seems I have absolutely nothing to do today ..... 
Cant wait till I can leave for college 
anyone feel like giving me a ride to leannes tonight ? 
bleh this week sux , kb needs to come fast 
And when push comes to shove , I'm not used to walking away I keep on looking up , because these times are getting tough Tomorrow's gone and it's the same o ' song Father fill my cup , give me strength to power up A life to shine , you're the < PROPFEMALE > in this r 
has something to do tomorrow FINALLY 
fiberglass is itchy ...... 
29 days ..... 
trying to think of a good/thought provoking/inspiring song lyric to put here .... 
Bent , but not broken Tempted , but not shaken Kept in the shadow of His wing Held by the power Sealed with the promise By the One who is over everything-Life as we know it , < PROPFEMALE > 
grad party , and packing for KINGDOM BOUND !!! 
And ive seen many things But they don't look like home , They're just the bright lights from a city glowing all night long , and ive seen many faces , but they all look the same , Home is the place you are and i just wanna let you know , that i've done a few t 
STILL needs to pack haha but so pumped for KB :D 
had pretty much a good week at kb :) 
searching for the best possible prices on textbooks ... o joy 
Good luck means nothing to me so exactly what does that mean for me now ? have I given up on almost everything ? my scars are easy to see haunting reminders indeed and they still bleed for the first time I'm down on my knees begging , pleading now intercede please show me how 
Well you deserve only the best in me without you i've lost it all I know I've taken for granted all these years the things that seem so small and I'd give anything for one more , just one more try to notice the things I'm holding on to right now in my mind 
going to target for college shopping . 
It is not good for all our wishes to be filled ; through sickness we recognize the value of health ; through evil , the value of good ; through hunger , the value of food ; through exertion , the value of rest . -greek proverb 
17 days !!! probably the longest 17 days of my life .... 
Runnin ' through the high school hallways this is all we've known until now . and I don't ever wanna slow down , packed up , and I'm ready to go now . All the days we've been traveling together I won't even look over my shoulder till I find a cure for getting older-All the days 
For anyone who wishes to contribute to the < PROPMALE > Hand needs $ for college fund , im gonna be having a garage sale this weekend . U should all come and buy stuff lol 
Bills having conference with Vick ????? 
has to set up a garage sale then work with my grandparents tomorrow morning , should prolly get on top of that whole sleep concept soon ....... 
garage sale !!! 
so . flipping . hot ! 
I've always been strong But can't make this happen ' Cause I need to breathe , I want to breathe you in 
you're asking nothing of me just say good bye and I'm free it's so easy , I don't understand but I want it more than anything can't seem to begin to release this guilty conscience for peace it's so hard till I'm back here I'm back on my knees begging , pleading now intercede please show me how 
haha 6 shots were just fired not even a block from my house . I just LOVE buffalo 
We have the strength of ten men , when we go down we get up again . We have the power of a barrel blazing red , We’re in your head . We have the power of a barrel blazing red , We wake the dead . 
i know its just a preseason game , but the bills offense is looking awesome right now 
CRAP i just saw that Coors commercial that repeatedly says you play to win THE GAME !! I lost the game :( 
sooo tired . should prolly go to sleep 
made 140-150 this weekend from a garage sale . Which is pretty much the extent of the rest of my money for college stuff :P 
is owning < PROPFIRST > at internet pool :) 
just got my first two text books . Is it pathetic that I was more excited about the bubble wrap than the books themselves ?? 
When you feel like you cant fly You gotta know I got the answer for ya baby , Drives ya crazy , it's not over Theres so much more to life then this 
When you feel like you cant fly You gotta know I got the answer for ya baby , Drives ya crazy , it's not over Theres so much more to life than this 
It hurts when you need me And I can’t break your fall It hurts when you can’t see And it hurts 
Let go and let God 
1 honest answer . You can ask me one question ( send it to my inbox ) any question any thing . No matter how awkward can be , ill answer it honestly , no catch . But i dare you to post this as your status and see what people ask you . pass it on ... 
didnt think that if he added another class , that means more books to buy :/ 
in exaclty a week , i will be in houghton :D 
in exactly 1 week ill be in houghton !! :D 
ugh anyone know how to get rid of the popups for that windows anti-virus scam thingy ? freaking annoying 
FIXED IT !! booo ya , take that technology :P 
k , guess its still there . ANd now my AIM doesnt work . stupid virus ....... 
As I look up to the sky today Well I can see you looking down on me It brings a smile to my face again S-S-S-Satellite 
hey bills , how bout you stop sucking tonight hm ? 
so I lift it , I said I lift it up to you ; And I surrender all of me , to you , to you , to you , and everything I'll ever be , to you , to you , to you , and I surrender all of me-Lift It , TFK 
Got absolutely covered in old house dirt but earned some $$ :D 
four days ...... 
so freaking tired :P and once again covered in 100 year old dust :P 
just kinda wondering what I did wrong .... 
Life source , in resurrection , these bloodstains Shining face , this morning stars reflections Embracing light , the clearness of sunrise Tower strong , in this refuge , my fortress 
Oh the sweet serenity , I'm beautifully addicted . You are more than I can take , I crave you undiluted . You calm the ache , I come awake , When you are everything you are . Feel the fear dissipate , You < PROPFEMALE > me away . When I hurt , when I bleed You're holding me . Feel you scratching at the surface , Under my skin 
is finally gonna start packing ....... 
The lesson in breathing , is never using control Seconds to misplaced i've never been so unsure To the heights there is hope It's been waiting all along-Hotel Aquarium 
I hate allergies >:| 
forgot how good the Green Mile was 
this time tomorrow ill be in houghton ..... 
ok , I went almost four months without being nervous or slightly scared , why now ???? 
so many people I want to see before I leave ..... so freaking little time :( 
Letting go is the hardest part of loving you What can I do to make it home without you ? When you say it’s ok to spread your wings and fly away Letting go is the hardest part of loving you-Letting go , kids in the way . Tomorrow I leave for houghton . To all my friends : im going to miss you so much , more than you can understand 
first day wasnt bad , I cant believe im saying this but i cant wait for classes to start 
rockin out to some P.O.D. with KOW 
in the campus center till church 
After , 1,000 years in the west and the churches get'n bigger daily without understand'n worship . ( say what ? ) Some regenerate but a lot ain't saved . You walk outside and be surprised cuz the block ain't changed . And the < PROPFIRST > they be get'n me . Something just ain't hit'n them . < PROPFEMALE > ain't christian they practice'n the ritual . -Send me , Lecrae 
first day of classes tomorrow , lets see how this goes lol 
should prolly sleep soon . Western civ bright and early tomorrow lol 
has FYI later but am otherwise DONE ! :) 
If You are for me who can be against me I’ll not fear the one , not fear the one , who’d take my life , take it with his hands When the enemy’s around me I won’t run , I will stand , confident , He’s with me , I’m in His hand When the flood rises against me , You’re my Rock , Fortress , Deliver , Advocate , my defense -Fearless , Disciple 
\Give me your eyes for just one second Give me your eyes so I can see Everything that I keep missing Give me your love for humanity Give me your arms for the broken hearted Ones that are far beyond my reach . Give me your heart for the ones forgotten Give me your eyes so I can see \"" 
who has skype ? 
under a tree with nothing to do haha not having omework is both a blessing and a curse :P 
really hoping i dont have an ear infection .... 
goin to the drive in :D 
had an awesome time at the drive in . IB is a great movie 
just woke up :D 
bleh I feel like crap , stupid headache 
And it hurts when you’re lonely And I’m standing right beside you there-TFK 
All the pain in your eyes My regrets have never known such sorrow All the shame that you hide Resolutions are the same tomorrow 
Roth 4 east is officially shen without the smell ;) 
finds myself awake at 230 with thoughts that wont seem to go away unless i write them down .... never again will I have a thought provoking conversation before going to sleep 
ok , hopefully i can sleep now .... 
is wondering when/if any of this will ever make any kind of recognizable sense 
soooo tired 
Give me your eyes for just one second , give me your eyes so I can see 
As I travel down this road I wonder if I should turn home All this time I’ve felt alone My head in my hands Where were You when I was in need ? And I look back to find You chasing me Sometimes I try and I miss the point of it It’s about time we die we’re not down here for us 
I'll run and not grow weak Walk and will not faint Climb the highest mountain to dive off And I'll fly high on I'll fly high on broken wings -Dive , Disciple 
trying to think of a topic for my psych paper :/ 
ok , finally gonna start this WILA paper ..... I dont wanna :P lol 
ugh I hate writers block !! >:| 
just cant focus lately ... 
yay for the weekend :) 
ahh corrections are due in half an hour and I cnt find that stupid paper !! 
probably gonna do some hw .... anyone wanna do anything ? 
just worked out for like an hour and a half and is now going to play soccer ... i swear by the end of the day im gonna be reduced to a puddle of sweat lol 
Dance party 4e Roth !!! 
needs a haircut :/ 
watchin the Bills game and hoping for the best haha 
only the bills could have blown that ..... 
ugh , not feeling too good ...... 
going to sleep in the hopes of waking up NOT feeling like crap .... 
I lift my voice to sing out , Let the sound of my heart ring out , These hands aren't holding me down , Never again will I be without 
bleh , colds suck 
this cold needs to go away .. 
There's more to living than being alive-Alexithymia , Anberlin 
You are the strength , that keeps me walking . You are the hope , that keeps me trusting . You are the light to my soul . You are my purpose ... you're everything . How can I stand here with you and not be moved by you ? Would you tell me how could it be any better than this ? 
Spanish Homework isnt cooperating >:| 
sleeeeeeeeep :D 
ahhhhhhhh .... weekend :) 
finally doing that survey Houghton picked me for ...... so akward 
just lost all the pics and apps on my phone >:O 
my floor came in 3 for the Roth games !!! and Shen : epic fail with the flour 
i dont want to fake , i dont want to break i dont wanna say anything , anymore . Everytime you walk away , i wish you'd stay , instead of pushing further away-Broken Wing , TFK 
would go to bed ...... but that would require me to put sheets back on it . Fail . 
The Bills won ..... so this is what it feels like 
finally starting to get resources fr my psych paper . i forgot how much I hate looking through libraries 
Ok , i have been getting random calls from Buffalo public schools about twice a day every other day for three weeks . Just listened to their message all the way through for the first time . Apparently my child hasnt attended school in 2 1/2 weeks . Not only do I have a child im not not aware of , but the little booger is skipping school .... 
and we were sixteen at the time , nothing could ever change our minds , we were one step below invincible , and we always fought it , you've never been the same , you were so scared to make a name , then you threw it all away , and i wish you'd come back now . 
working on psych ... 
with down-cast eyes , theres more to livin ' than being alive 
this whole get 20 sources for psych is sorta kicking my butt 
my brain is like completely fried from psych and I still have to do tha stupid WILA paper :/ 
is writing a paper ....... on pirates 
this pirate paper needs to walk the plank ... 
back to B-lo for the weekend :) 
busy day tomorrow . need sleep .... 
is a freakin idiot 
soccer game at 430 at the Field of dreams , then studying for this beastly psych test tomorrow :/ 
game cancelled :( 
Hago mi tarea de espanol 
psych test ..... 
soccer game isnt cancelled so far . Keeping my fingers crossed .... 
I close my eyes to see the light thats leading me . 
sleeeeeep and does NOT want to get my psych test back tomorrow . I prefer blind denial :P 
spot was awesome !! I love the fact that no one here takes the swine flu seriously haha 
You make oceans from the rain . Breathing life into this place . And I will drown inside your love until I see your perfect face . And nothing I’ve acquired means anything at all Cause you’re everything I needed . You’re so much more than I deserve 
i'm weird 
Roth is sooooo freaking COLD !!! 
\Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm \"- < PROPMALE > Churchill " 
I'm wasting time that could be used for sleeping in western civ ..... 
And nothing I’ve acquired means anything at all , Cause you’re everything I needed You’re so much more than I deserve . And I thank you Lord 
Has a soccer game at 430 against what is , basically , the JV guys team ... should be interesting lol . 
considering going to Honduras or Costa Rica for may term .... 
watching the sabres game in hopes that at least one Buffalo team wont embarass itself this year ... 
\This is the correalation between salvation and love \"" 
Honestly bills ? < PROPMALE > ?! 
Everything I have ever been made of , hates who i am . Im so glad you waited . Cant get my mind off how you could love me . im so behind you're so far above me . And youll always be the wind under my wings , above me 
Highlight of my day : Heat in roth :) 
really wishes this western civ test would just kinda go away . If only denial actually worked .... 
Go sabres !! good to see that at least one Buffalo team can play above a highschool level 
one more class till break :) 
I'd like to make myself believe , That planet Earth turns slowly . It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep , Because my dreams are bursting at the seams . 
go sabres !! :) 
finally listening to TFK's new cd :D 
I am on my knees ' Cause You're everything I need And I've made a mess of myself On my own Now I am on my face And I'm calling out Your name And I won't run away , ' Cause I'm already home 
whoa , the bills didnt lose . Im astonished 
ahhhh ! health test in like half an hour and I have no iea what to study !! >:| 
up way too early ..... 
none of my sources are working for my 12 pg term paper ... begining to freak out a little 
soooo tired , 8 a.m. is WAY to early for a class 
Only cowards keep dormant their sleeping strength , and soon you'll find , Only the fearless will reach their potential's peak . So tell me , If death is victory how afraid of life can we be ? - O sleeper 
Just doesnt know what to say anymore ..... 
Going to sleep , too tired/stressed out to be awake 
why does fb insist on making stupid \improvements\ " all the time ? " 
My help ended up not being needed .... came home for < PROPFEMALE > didnt earn any $ >:\\ 
Lord , I give you control . It's in Your hands , as it has been all along . 
cant freaking focus !!! grr 
finishing paper = fail . getting much needed sleep after this weekend's commotion = win 
wow , watching homestar with < PROPFIRST > lol 
ugh too many freaking papers this week . Dear houghton : Im wasting trees , arent we trying to go green here or something ? 
Hear the call peace fall from trial to triumph I want your hand in it all allow me to know where to stand in it all , Life Giver , Lfe Giver- Hindsight , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Is officially the worst procrastinator EVER . What the crap is wrong with me >:| 
Conversion embraces not only repentance but faith . No man can turn to God without faith , and faith cannot be excercised without turning away from ourselves to God . 
I might sound like a fool But I think I felt you moving Closer to me Face to the ground To hide the fatal cut I fight the weight I feel you lift me up You are the shelter from the rain And the rain to wash me away 
May have just singlehandedly taken out an entire < PROPMALE > with all the stuff I just printed out ... 
Would go make my third(maybe 4th dont remember ) cup of coffee to keep me up for this paper . But the paper is on addiction and the hypocracy would just be to much for me to handle :P 
I dont see myself sleeping anytime in the near future :P 
has whatever sickness thats floating around houghton :P 
No shave november lol 
God is God and I am not 
go sabres !! :D 
I stayed up to watch a sport I dont even care about .... wow , Im an idiot lol 
Remember , remember , the Fifth of November , the Gunpowder Treason and Plot . I know of no reason why the Gunpowder Treason should ever be forgot 
boooored :P 
just had coffee at 10 at night . ugh why do I do this to myself ? 
Is being serenaded by the musical talents of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > :D 
There is hope for every man A solid place where we can stand In this dry and weary land There is hope for every man , there is love that never dies There is peace in troubled times Will we help them understand Jesus is hope for every man 
Until I draw my final breath , I'll breathe for you 
loves it when classes get cancelled :) 
Sometimes , i feel like a monster , and times , ifeel like a saint , i'm on my knees , you're my favorite disease 
2 minutes late .. 
studying for psych .... 
Studying for this psych test has fried my brain . 
UGGHHHH !! 
My eyes stare to find , just what's behind this blind notion of mine , is it genuine ? Cause sometimes , it plays tricks with my mind , some call it asinine But it's like love or hate , now is that real or fake ? Cause it's a real thin line , but that's your choice to make The question at hand , help me understand , is this your plan ? I think I can , can I think , then I think I can 
cramming as much of this info into me as I can in an hour and a half :P 
Dear Houghton : Pretend there are prospectives here and turn the flipping heat on . That is all 
paper = fail so gonna work on some way over due psych labs that i completely forgot about ... 
is a girl 
Is going to write love on his arm tomorrow for TWLOHA day , anyone care to join ? 
My life be like Ooh Aah , Ooh Aah 
Is thinking that AMP at 930 was not a good idea lol 
ugh Bills 
wow , way to go bills you got blown out by the TITANS 
The patriots lost , that almost makes up for the fact that the Bills are incompetant 
has a sudden craving for chinese food , but the cafeteria is free . hmmm 
studying for western civ = epic fail 
mmk so raquetball is pretty much awesome 
\The tension is here Between who you are and who you could be ; Between how it is and how it should be \"" 
If the world was on fire and nothing was left but hope or < PROPFEMALE > And take all that I could require , is this love ? Or am I on the floor over-desperate ? Hold hands streaming of blood again ? It's me on my own . Helpless , hurting , hell . Will you stay strong as you promised ? Cause I'm stranded and bare . Meanness is washed up and all that I have is God . 
WHy must I be in this boring class so early in the morning ??!! 
wants to play some raquetball ... 
Two cancelled classes today :) 
tired and I have no idea why ... 
needs to find a way to make money this weekend ... :/ 
This I pledge , and I'll take it to my death I'll lay my life down for you and die over again I and I , I'm not ashamed of the Most High Even if I die tonight , if I die tonight This I pledge , and I'll take it to my death You can bet your life on my words and everything I said You can't take away my love for this sacrifice Even if I die tonight , if I die tonight 
Two more days ..... thats 5 classes . I gots this 
wow , awesome chapel 
Give me your eyes for just one second . Give me your eyes so I can see , Everything that I keep missing Give me your love for humanity . Give me your arms for the broken hearted , The ones that are far beyond my reach . Give me you heart for the ones forgotten . 
Give me your eyes for just one second Give me your eyes so I can see Everything that I keep missing Give me your love for humanity Give me your arms for the broken hearted The ones that are far beyond my reach Give me you heart for the ones forgotten 
Writing a health paper that im pretty sure is almost identical to one I wrote my senior year .... 
debating whether I should bother getting up at 8am for western civ tomorrow 
Everything I have ever been made of hates who i am ; Im so glad you waited . Can't get my mind off how you could love me . Im so behind , you're so far above me . And you'll always be the wind under my wings , above me . 
sooooooo boooooooored ! theres nobody here !! 
Is never letting < PROPFIRST > touch my phone again lol 
Absolutely HATES driving downtown , I get lost every freaking time :P 
I havent gotten to see like anyone since I got back , anybody want to do something tonight ? 
watching Elf when I really should be doing HW lol 
Don't let go , don't give up hope . All is forgiven . You're breathing in the highs and lows . We call it living 
Bak at houghton . With a LOT of hw to do tonight/this morning .... 
I dont see sleep in my very near future .... 
Ramen noodles really ?? I was forced outside in the cold/wet away from the crap load of HW i have cuz someone burned Ramen noodles ??? Can cooking possibly get easier than Ramen noodles ??? grrr 
Why must I procastinate so much ????? 
3hrs . of sleep was not the best thing I've ever done ... 
I cant wait till this stupid psych paper is over and done with >:| 
And you can sing until there's no song left . And I can scream until the world goes deaf . For every other word left unsaid , you should've took the time to read the signs and see what it meant . In some ways everybody feels alone , so if the burden is mine then i can < PROPFEMALE > my own . If joy really comes in the morning time , then I'm gonna sit back and wait until the next sunrise . 
snow :) 
Someone came into my room and stole 6 poptarts . Im not sure if I should be pissed off , or confused about why anyone would steal poptarts . 
I refuse to sleep until this stupid paper is over and done with ! 
That may have been the most boring chapel I have ever been in . :P 
My life has become consumed by paper writing . 
Im a closing paragraph from knocking out two papers in one day , impressive no ? too bad both of them were due two days ago :P 
is looking for two more people to go on the trip to the galleria tomorrow . anyone interested ? 
If I have to write one more paper , I may explode 
earning $ this weekend = epic fail 
so tired ... 
its snowing :) 
Dear houghton : Shield your eyes 
loves how my western civ class seems to triple on test days lol 
Finally getting the snow that bombarded B-Lo last night/today 
im better than you , yea yea yea 
apparently I need to change my facebook password ... 
Writing a paper on how Christians can be better imitations of Christ ..... I dont even know where to start 
Finally , a decent amount of snow in houghton :) 
First semester classes are over :) now for exams ... 
anyone know if the Fitness for Life exam is tomorrow ? 
have an exam in 4 hours and Im still awake ...... im such an idiot 
Ok , trying sleep one more time .... 
Fail 
I’m trying to remember when your presence fell like rain . These hollow things have replaced you . Lord , I need you back again Take me to where I should be , ‘Cause I don’t belong here . I know Without you there is no hope for me . I’m undone , Make me whole 
studying psych until forever ... 
I’m trying to remember when your presence fell like rain . These hollow things have replaced you . Lord , I need you back again Take me to where I should be , ‘Cause I don’t belong here . I know Without you there is no hope for me . I’m undone , Make me whole- Seventh Day Slumber 
There's a burning in my heart everyday I come to You , I look to You and say When will I become everything That You've intended me to be 
wathcing the Grinch , a.k.a. my favorite christmas movie ever :D 
still cant hear out of my left ear , I hate sinuses >:| 
Buffalo Bills = fail 
The sabres have scored more points today than the bills did ... fail . And just saw one of the greatest efforts from Lalime and Myers in a shorthanded goal , wow . 
ear infection ..... fantastic :P 
Why do I have to have bad reactions to nearly EVERY anti-biotic thats tried on me ?? grr 
If death is victory , how afraid of life can we be ? - Oh Sleeper 
I hear him speaking to me . For the first time , he cleared my head . That’s when he said : “Only cowards keep dormant their sleeping strength , and soon you’ll find , \ 
only the fearless will reach their potential’s peak” Tell me , if death is victory , how afraid of life can we be ? If death is victory , how afraid of life can we be ? 
Watching Brohm play makes me incredibly thankful for Fitzpatrick .... 
The Bills fired their entire coaching staff lol 
Bring me back so that I can feel you again Take me to that place I was before All I want is to hold my head up high So take this life and set it aflame again 
Bored :P 
K , last semester kicked my butt , thats not gonna happen again :P 
Just got massacred at raquetball by < PROPFEMALE > Salzman 
http://indiaresource.org/news/2009/1033.html http://killercoke.org/ Pretty messed up ....... 
So tired , and so much HW :P 
so tired today , and still has to go to work at some point today ... 
Oh , what love , oh , what love In joy and pain In sun and rain You're the same Oh , You never let go 
walking to subway cuz im an idiot and thought dinner ended at 630 instead of 6 :P 
ugh so much homework and so little energy to do it on :P 
See , if I never have anything , I'll never have to lose anything ; but then again if I never had anything worth losing , I guess I lost everything . Either way , you could say , pain will become a result from both . So actually I'm giving in to the very thing that I fear the most : Losing it all , everything , completely unaware , that a fear of failure was the one thing that was taking me there . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
really should be sleeping right now :P 
pretty sure < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is TRYING to make more of a fool out of himself and the Bills , and has never more heavily considered rooting for another team . 
ugh , Western Civ ... 
I muse within my mind . How can I take something falling , and raise it to fly again ? I know I cant , I know I cant , But I know God can . - We as Human 
ugh my head ..... 
If I missed any of my Houghton friends : http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=267018142452&ref=nf My friend is selling these shirts for Haiti and I can pick them up for you if you want one 
exhausted , but glad I got to play a legit game of soccer for the first time since October :P 
all of these fake notifications telling me that people are tagging me and posting things to my wall are realy starting to get on m nerves :P 
Very glad i went to chaple this morning . 
So goodnight gravity , it has kept me down . But I always get just one more try , I always get one more try 
Kinda getting pumped for August , maybe even more so than I was all of last year :D 
just owned < PROPFEMALE > Salzman at racquetball . 4-0 , revenge is sweet :) 
hmm , well Western Civ managed to be even more of a waste of sleep than it usually is . I honestly didnt think it was possible 
Happy its friday , sad that the north pole invaded houghton :P 
This week starts Doppelgänger week . . . Please change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you have been told you look like for the week . Retro week was a blast last week , so let's keep the fun going . Post this to your profile and message your friends with it ! \ < PROPFIRST > Mansfield " 
WORTH A MINUTE OF YOU TIME Call the Nestle Crunch Hotline at 1-800-295-0051 , After a short ad , when you are asked if you want to continue in English or Spanish , just wait quietly for about 10 seconds and you will smile . Promise ! Keep going and press 4 . Listen to the options then press 7 . lol this is so funny 
Should really start my homework ... 
bleh , think I might have strep :P 
needs another job , 50$ every two weeks just isnt gonna cut it :P 
Completely forgot that I had a psych test this morning , ugh . 
prolly going to the pool later 
Western Civ in the a.m. , o joy ! 
Weird fact that just made my day : Parents in certain parts of Africa greet their babies with handshakes lol 
Bout to start my third movie of the night . Final destination was straight up messed , Hurt Locker was awesome , American History X , here I come . 
ONly an hour and a half till the Super Bowl ! Go Colts !!!!! 
oooo your love is a symphony all around me , running through me . oooo your love is a < PROPFEMALE > underneath me , running to me . With my eyes wide open , I've got my eyes wide open . I've been keeping my hopes unbroken 
Preparing my devotion for Spanish tomorrow -- a devotion that would be so much simpler if I could do it in English :P 
If I get one more campus wide email today , I'm throwing my laptop out the window . 
\Why can't we feel what it takes for us to be real ? Why can't we see what it takes for us to believe ? Why do we say all of these things that bring us down ? You can't bring me down \"" 
10-16 inches of snow on the east coast ..... that ususally happens like at least twice a year in western New York . Pansies :P 
really bored today .... 
\It's not screamo ! its metal !!!! \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Varriale hahaha " 
was actually kind of productive today , lets see if I can keep this rolling :D 
Let the video editing begin :D 
Adobe decided to be stupid and such and made me lose all my video .... not happy 
Everything I have I count as loss , everything I have is stripped away . But before It started building , I counted up these costs ; ain't nothing left for you to take away 
\I hate to be the theological vulture to tear the meat off of the carcass of your dead hope\ " haha " 
Video editing attempt 2 , hoping my computer will cooperate :P 
Doing HW till forever .... 
seeing < PROPFIRST > Mullen rap may have been the happiest moment of my life ..... 
Will probably be video editing into the wee hours of the morning , then gets to go to Western Civ . at 8 a . m ..... 
FINALLY finished the video .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Epistles midterm , Spanish , then break :) 
watching < PROPMALE > Gump :D 
sooooo bored . 
Go USA ! :D 
Wow , USA is wiping the floor with Finland haha 
The guys commentating the US hockey game are knuckle heads , why would anyone care how many dogs the players have ? 
\Some men die under the mountain just looking for gold . Some die looking for a hand to hold \"" 
just had Ramen and a hotpocket for lunch and Im not even back at Houghton yet .... 
Click \LIKE\ " if I have EVER made you smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile " 
Really ? five campus wide emails today already ? can't they just send one big annoyance rather than a million little ones ? 
\How can I stand here with you and not be moved by you ? Would you tell me how could it be any better than this ? \"" 
Has an interview in an hour for a camp counselor job 
haven't heard a word Doezma has said since last semester and STILL got a 91 on that test , why cant all me classes be like this .... 
Hoping my psych test goes as well as western Civ did lol 
How do you know which way the wind blows ? 
seeing < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland tonight 
< PROPFEMALE > in wonderland is officially one of the trippiest movie ever made , second only to Across the Universe . Good , but trippy lol 
Think I might go for a walk 
Wishes I didn't have class so I could go outside . So warm out :D 
woke up three minutes after Western Civ started ... this may be a record for me . 
Anyone going to that Lambenbuhler thing ? 
Around the ceiling of the heart is where we feel the things that send us away , to where the blind can see the stars . So do you see the stars , do you see the stars ? 
I honestly dont think I've ever been more relaxed than today , and I didnt even go to the stress fair . Def needed this weather 
purging my room of mess , while playing my music obnoxiously loud :) 
\Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant ? I'm halfway through myfishburger and I realize .... I could be eating a slow learner . \"- bahahaha " 
I’ve got my back against the wall , but I still hear the blue sky call 
If you want to see zoolander at 730 , come to roth 4e :D 
overslept church by 2 hours ... daylight savings fail 
So we lift up our voices , we open our hands to cling to the love that we can’t comprehend 
Gonna have a 3 hr bio lab next year . I already want next semester to be over :P 
needs to find a summer job 
Kinda sick of people coming into my room and taking stuff . First time ur funny , second time ur pissing me off 
Kinda wishes power went off more often . Never see stars that bright in B-lo , and everyone was crazy lol 
Filling out a NCAA bracket ... I don't even watch basketball 
I won't stand back while the river runs dry , dive in like it depends on my life . I won't sink down when it's over my head . The fire in my eyes let's you know I'm not dead . I won't shut down when the mountains won't move , climb to the top if it's the last thing I do . I won't slow down when there's mud on my neck . If you feel safe then you haven't lived yet 
Cristo rompe las cadenas 
I'm here thinking that I hear your voice , but it's somebody else . It's always somebody else . Don't leave me please , I beg you God . Tonight bring me peace , I'll never sleep without the dreams of you alive here with me . 
Autumn's sweet , we call it fall . I'll make it to the < PROPFEMALE > if I have to crawl , and with the birds I'll share This lonely view . 
I hate season transitions here , its always freezing in the dorms :P 
Tonight's the night the world begins again 
Bored+restless+ 11:30 dont mix well :P 
Wow , what are we back in high school ? Grow up . 
Begining to believe that taking a Bible class that consists of mainly junior/senior religion majors may have been a poor life choice .... 
\I've dammed the emotions to keep my lanterns lit . I'm shaken by this longing that course through my veins . In my mind i can't make sense of it \"" 
Working on a quotes/lyrics thing for my door when I should be doing HW , yeah I got my priorities straight ;) 
\You're needle girl in a haystack world . You're breathing in the highs and lows ; we call it living . \"" 
I never cease to amaze myself with how incredibly stupid I can be :P 
sleep , and then selling my life to that paper tomorrow .... 
Breathe it in , and let it go . Every breath you take is not yours to own , it's not yours to hold 
my soul once again belongs to this paper :P 
cant wait till this paper is over and done with :P 
Sabres clinched the playoffs . This pleases me :) 
ugh , too many things to do/on my mind 
Forget break , I just want this whole semester to be over already . Need a fresh start . 
Thinks prof . < PROPFEMALE > put it pretty well . I know His guidance is there , I just dont know where it is exactly . 
The boy in the striped pajamas is officially the saddest movie ever .... 
I am searchin for the shade of the tree , heard about it from a tune in the breeze . They say it exists on the side of the road , but which road nobody was told . All i know is I must find a road that leads where nobody goes . Where i can roll down all the windows where the wind blows down those fears and foes So let go of the steering wheel let go let go . - So high so low 
Young man control in your hands , slam your fist on the table and make your demands . Take a stand , fan a fire for the flame of the youth got the freedom to choose . You better make the right move 
If death is victory , how afraid of life can we be ? 
I think someone should suggest music for me to look up on youtube :D 
ugh , So close to probably winning with my bracket . Why michigan state , why ? 
Covered in dirt and sawdust from hauling lumber and buckets of dirt of of a basement 
By grace uneven , at the banquet portrayed , through death , this life is saved . 
About to introduce kindred to the wonder that is zoolander . 
Can't . Freaking . Sleep ! Grrrr 
I've just been convinced that Miller isn't human . 
Is break over yet ? 
I'll keep my helmet on just in case my head caves . If my thoughts collapse or my framework snaps , It'll make a mess like you wouldn't believe . 
The more I see , the less I know the more I like to let it go . Hey oh , whoa 
Really happy I got to see < PROPFEMALE > Lokey and < PROPFIRST > Puskas today without any car issues :) 
Watching Ace ventura :) 
Soccer game soon :D 
finally won :D lol 
Scored a goal . Booyakasha ! 
Took a while to see all the love that's around me . Through the highs and lows , there's a truth that I've known and it's you . I've always been strong , but can't make this happen ' . Cause I need to breathe , I want to breathe you in 
I am invisible just like you . Just a reflection of what I consume , now I myself will be consumed . Consumed for the sake of you 
Goin to mail in my application/deposit for my Dominican Republic trip :D One step closer 
I don't remember the last time I could say I was where I wanted to be . Still you see through this mask hiding all my flaws , you see something down deep in me . Bring me back so that I can feel you again . Take me to that place I was before , all I want is to hold my head up high so take this life and set it aflame again . 
So much to do today . Homework , planning fundraising , group project , soccer game at 8 , work 
grrrr , die paper , die . 
Let's go sabres !!!!! 
Go sabres :) 
Five words , repeating over in your head . That’s all you ever have to do . Five words . Is it really that hard to say ? You’re worth more than this . 
Feels like blasting some music . Darn you quiet hours ! 
Going to sleep , assuming my brain decides to cooperate and stop thinking for a while . 
Just like water reflects the face , so the heart reflects the man 
Five words , five words is all it would take to change your heart and mind . You're worth more than this 
Bout to watch the Departed , love that movie . 
Wish I was at party in the plaza :P O well , sabres will still win :D 
Theres a burning in my chest , every day . I look to you and say \when will I become what you intended me to be ? \"" 
It's enough to make you mad , it's enough to make you go crazy . And I'm amazed I haven't yet 
You arose from the ashes , like a phoenix with a heartache 
grrr Boston 
With downcast eyes , there's more to living than being alive . 
Big < PROPMALE>'s , trying to make a dent in this stupid paper 
9 forum responces due by 9 am ..... shoot 
sabres better win tonight !! 
I . Hate . Boston . 
I've always been strong , but can't make this happen . Cause I wanna breathe , I need to breathe you in . The fear of becoming , I'm so tired of running , I want ro breathe . 
blah , I feel like crap . Stupid colds 
Still feel like I've been hit by a truck :/ 
No longer feels like I've been hit by a truck , more like a Honda Fit now 
Woo go sabres !! Would have been awesome to see Miller fight Satan 
Recently received a rather amazing hug from Jedidiah Boswell ;) 
Getting this Psych paper done , then possibly going to the skating thing in the gym 
Almost killed about 8 people , and I can't feel the left side of my body . Orther than that skating was fun :) 
\It's easy to get flies when you've got < PROPFEMALE > . It's easier to get < PROPFEMALE > s when you're fly . \"- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Mansfield " 
Just got back from training for the camp I'm working at this summer . Super excited 
4 pg psych paper due tomorrow morning . grrrrrr 
\So shines a good deed in a weary world \"" 
Just had a deep theological conversation with Bonanno rather than writing my paper . Who said procrastination had to be counter productive ? :D unfortunately , I only get graded on the paper , not my philosiphizing . 
' s facebook has been taken over by me ( < PROPFEMALE > ) by request of owner until after finals . it is too much of a distraction for mano 
First year of college is over :) 
Worked with my dad most of the morning installing a door and moving boxes , now to put a couple dents into the paper from hell 
\There were so many fewer questions when stars were just the holes to Heaven \"" 
I am searchin for the shade of the tree . Heard about it from a tune in the breeze . They say it exists on the side of the road , but which road nobody was told . All i know is i must find a road that leads where nobody goes . Where i can roll down all the windows where the wind blows down those fears And foes . So let go of the steering wheel let go let go 
Why do they still make regular < PROPMALE > &cheese when easy < PROPMALE > tastes exactly the same and takes like 1/10 of the effort/time ??? 
this paper is finally almost done . Now I dont know what Im going to do with myself after its done :P 
It's done , it's finally done ! woo ! K , now that my paper is done , summer can officially begin 
k , I want to do something non-brain numbing tonight . Anyone want to do something ? 
Bored :P gotta find something to do tonight 
cleaning my room , which is covered in cat hair/dust . No wonder I've been sneezing :P 
Seeing < PROPFIRST > Black in a serious movie is one of the most bizarre things ever 
I need new friends .... 
\We all need a little more room to live \"" 
A . Iron man was a legit movie B . I need my own car , Im getting sick of dealing with this every other time I need to go somewhere . 
Obama came to Buffalo and they brought him to the east side ... that seems like a bad idea to me . Especially with Buffalo's track record with Presidents .... 
\Name a shrub after me . Something Prickly and hard to eradicate\ " haha " 
Had a fun night with some pretty cool people . But now I need sleep lol 
I got more hours of sleep last night than hours I've been awake today , why am I so tired ??!! 
\We were the kings and queens of promise . We were the victims of ourselves \"" 
Realy needs to stop letting < PROPFIRST > see my phone ... 
I passed < PROPFEMALE > Epistles , miracles do happen ! :D 
Going to see The Regiment's game 
meh 
Very jealous of all the CCA seniors that are going to the DR tomorrow . Good luck guys ! 
sooooo bored :P 
< PROPMALE > Gaffigan is the man lol 
On craigslist . Car searching for dad , job searching for me :P 
job searching sucks :P 
Is a temporary Flyers fan . Im just gonna ignore the fact they have Briere ... 
hot/ridiculously bored . Possibly going to Vintage later 
Got a pretty sick nasty job possibility yesterday . One that would involve me spending a lot of time on the water this summer :) 
\I know not your sorrow 
Whoever is prank calling me REALLY needs to work on their Indian accent 
sleep , then going to see my friend's baptism in the morning 
Bored out of my mind . Anyone want to do anything ?? 
hmmm , like this status and I'll tell you what I like/think about you :) ( yes I stole this , o well ) 
hmmm , like this status and I'll tell you what I like/think about you :) ( yes I stole this , o well ) 
Finishing my support letter , which should have been done a month ago ... 
Thinks everyone should check their event invitations :) 
Can you feel the beat of a thousand marching feet , searching for passion in a lifeless dead-end street ? They're breaking down the walls , they're knocking at the door ; searching for a soul that gives them more . When the music dies , the apparations of < PROPFEMALE > will rise 
Did this already , but not many people responded the first time :P \like\ " this status and I'll tell you what I like/think about you :) " 
Support letter done , now I gotta work on addresses to send it to 
It's a bone cold night . I'm breathing in the air . It's freezing up my lungs , as I fight for words to share with you , to tell you what you've done to me . You ripped me from my set in stone complacency . You < PROPFEMALE > from the ashes , like a phoenix with a heartache . 
I've been having the WEIRDEST dreams lately . I think I may be going crazy .... 
Your sunshine may be gone but i know it can't rain everyday , it don't rain forever 
I should curse the day that I fell apon your sword . Cause I'm a poor boy and your smile is a drug that I can't afford . 
Troubled soul don’t lose your heart . Cause joy and peace He brings , and the beauty that’s in store outweighs the hurt of life’s sting . There will be a day with no more tears , no more pain , and no more fears . There will be a day when the burdens of this place , will be no more , we’ll see Jesus face to face 
Goin to < PROPFIRST>'s for a while . Some stone cold chillin to be done 
Please teach me how to breathe because this air keeps failing my need . Fill my lungs with what wont bleed from my enemies . That's when He said , \If death is victory how afraid of life can you be ? \"" 
Job aps , who knows , maybe someone will actually respond this time :P 
Interview at UPS on Wednesday . holla 
Made about 300 at the first day of the garage sale and I have not 1 but 2 job interviews this week . This week blows last week out of the water :) 
I called , you answered . You came and rescued me , and all I need is to be in your presence\ " , 201 0-0 6-13 15:31:28 " 
who knows , maybe I'll be able to sleep tonight . 
( 404 ): \ 
There is nothing wrong with wanting a slide attached to your staircase 
I would make a horrible druggie . I can't even be around paint thinner for more than five minutes without feeling sick :P 
\The heart is deceitful above all things and beyond cure . Who can understand it ? \ " Jer . 17:9 Great Vintage tonight . Interview at UPS tomorrow morning . What can brown do for you ? Give me a freaking job hopefully :P " 
Well , today was interesting . I had to calm the nerves of some paranoid suburbanites after someone set off a < PROPFEMALE > bomb near my house , then took < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to the police station after her purse got stolen by the hobo that let us borrow his shopping cart 
Just saw the new karate kid , I may actually like it more than the originals ... 
determined to have these support letters in their envelopes before this day is over :P 
I may have single-handedly demolished a few rain forests , but my support letter is finally all printed out . Not to envelope/address them .... 
Oh , give me the beat , boys , and free my soul . I wanna get lost in your rock and roll and drift away 
apparently I missed a really good USA world cup game .... 
Apparently there was an earthquake ? That would explain why my chair was moving .... 
Misses Houghton .... a lot 
Anyone know of anybody/place that's hiring ? 
Sabres lost Tallinder AND Lydman , and signed a random d-man from Pittsburgh . Way to go < PROPFEMALE > Regier ..... 
Just saw a man arguing with his shoe . I freaking love buffalo 
Blackbird singing in the dead of night , take these broken wings and learn to fly 
Stuck in my house all day/night . If anyone feels like driving to buffalo to chill tonight , text me ... 
Don’t close your eyes . This is your life and today is all you’ve got now . Yeah , and today is all you’ll ever have . 
More painting in a bit , hopefully get this apartment done soon :P 
\Breaking away from everything that’s hopeless . The road ahead looks wonderful \"" 
Just about done trying ... 
98 degrees is way too hot ... 
Off to watch The Regiment dominate the court tonight 
When enough is enough , that's when you know you're halfway there . 
I , will not look away this time . Take all these cuts , and make them shine 
I leave tomorrow for the week to work at < PROPMALE > Family Kids Camp . Pumped to see what God does this week :) 
Back from an awesome , but tiring week at camp . 
God provides :) 
sooooo bored . Vintage later 
Wish I had the money to go see Switchfoot at Darien Lake tonight :P 
I have run out of room on my iPod so I'm clearing out stuff I dont listen to . This is , pathetically , the most difficult thing I've had to do all day 
\I'm the desperate and you're the savior \"" 
Drinking coffee at 730 may have been a poor life choice ... 
\Is this the point where we give up ? Now is this the point where we give in ? Now is this the point where we turn ourselves in ? \ 
So sick of drama , I can't wait till Im back at Houghton . 
Finish screwtape letters tonight ? I think yes 
Ready for the most exciting two weeks of my summer :) kb till Thursday , then la Republica Dominicana on Friday :DDDD 
Leaving in 5 hours for the Dominican Republic :) 
Safely in the DR and having an awesome time :) 
Last night in the DR :((( spent the day feeding a village , then the beach , and the pool 
Back home ... wishing I was still in the Dominican :/ 
2 weeks 
Chillen to some City and Colour :) 
\Time will continue without you 
10 days :D 
So often , I'm the sleeping prayer . More often , I'm the weeping betrayer . Sometimes I play the martyr , become the traitor . The humbled sinner , has never been a role I knew to play . My God , oh , my God – what have I become ? The self-addicted one . My God , oh , my God You never failed me , You're what I need . 
All because of you , I believe in angels . Not the kind with wings , no not the kind with halos . The kind that bring you home when home becomes a strange place . I'll follow your voice , all you have to do is shout it out . 
Whoa , the Bills actually look like they're playing football , I could get used to this 
I have a week left until school starts and NOW all the places I applied to are responding to me , fantastic ..... 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs the world is pretty much one of my favorite movies ever 
I . Hate . Allergies . 
Hoping that being back in Houghton will get me out of this rut 
Starting to pack on a day that isn't the day before I leave . Hmm maybe college is teaching me something .... naw 
Suddenly even more pumped to go back to houghton than I have been for the past few weeks . These next couple days just need to go away so it can be saturday :D 
\Remembering that you are going to die is the best way that I know is the best way to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose \"" 
Actually , thats a lie . However I will pimp slap Nate Kindred with my ring hand . 
Wish I could make some coffee , but I already packed up my coffee maker .... 
Back to Houghton in the morning :) 
Room all set up for the most part . Let the semester begin :) 
Class in da AM and I can't sleep . Perfect start to the semester :P 
Took a nice shot to the forehead during my softball class , o what I wouldn't do for a few PE creds . 
So , Toy Story 3 is pretty ballin 
Watching IT Crowd with < PROPFIRST > Boutwell , its been waaayyyy too long 
Nap :) 
So tired , why do I always schedule 8am classes ?..... 
Up from my nap , off to softball soon 
We'll have the days we break , and we'll have the scars to prove it . We'll have the bonds that we save , but we'll have the heart not to lose it . For all of the times we've stopped , for all of the things Im not . We put one foot in front of the other , we move like we aint got no other , we go when we go , were marching on . 
one class away from the weekend .... 
First charcoal corral , now olean for pizza at 1am . Yeah , this was a legit night :) 
Wow , great opening drive Buffalo ...... 
Has the sabres season started yet ...... 
If anyone wants to watch Vintage tonight come to Roth 205 at 8 :) 
Absolutely loves this kind of rain 
Come on and get up\ 
Show me what you're made of\ 
When push comes to shove\ 
Here comes another round\ 
It's all come down\ 
To your last second < PROPMALE > 
Last class is cancelled , so early weekend :) 
So tired , which means a nap is in order 
All I know is what it did take to make this . All I am is what it will take to break this . \ 
Light it up now , light it up now . \ 
Throw up your rawkfist if you're feelin it when I drop this 
C'mon bills , at least get positive yards before the game ends please 
Is NEVER telling < PROPFIRST > Peck a story again ....... ever 
Falling asleep to < PROPFIRST > dennen , city and colour , Mumford and sons , and a variety of other awesome people :) 
Going to sleep early :) 
About to go deep into the woods with Jonsey the jonesquatch ! o.O 
On hour five of the supernatural marathon :D 
Floor camping trip :D 
Im sore just about everywhere , but camping was a blast 
No more \ Mr. Checkdown\ " = the Bills actually being watchable . " 
I have the same personality type as < PROPFIRST > McCartney and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ftw 
No more Edwards !! :D 
May be becoming a < PROPFIRST > cash fan due to Jedidiah Boswell 
Come to Roth 205 tonight at 745 for Vintage ! 
listening to the Fray , then sleep early :) 
I need to stop finding new music , I'm running out of space to put it :P 
Well , Houghton's Bubonic Plague is finally starting to catch up to me . Thanks a lot < PROPFEMALE > Keegan , < PROPFIRST > Peck , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and Kamille < PROPFEMALE > McKinney :P 
Cant wait for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Mansfield and < PROPFEMALE > Salzman to get here tomorrow . And hoping that < PROPFEMALE > Colson has an \accident\ " and stays home . Just kidding !!! :) .... sorta ... " 
I am soooo freaking tired today 
Trying to force myself to study for bio :P 
So , God is pretty awesome :) 
Falling asleep to some city and colour , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > dennen , < PROPMALE > and the whale , and Mumford and sons :) 
STOP RAINING !!!!!! rawr 
Cleaning up the disaster zone that it my desk/closet 
Like my status & I'll tell you :\ 
1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . \ 
2 . The color you remind me of . \ 
3 . My first memory of you . \ 
4 . The animal you remind me of\ 
5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . \ 
6 . My favorite thing about you . \ 
7 . Give you a weird nickname . \ 
8 . What's on my shirt now . \ 
9 . Challenge you to post this post 
Tenth Avenue North concert !! :DD 
My room is being over run by lady bugs ..... 
Awesome chapel 
C'mon sabres , really ? Must both buffalo teams lose frequently ? 
Vintage tonight at 8 in the Roth lounge !!! 
Heading home soon :) 
Sitting on my porch on this beautiful night . Too bad I can't see stars in Buffalo ... 
Nothing says home like some stone cold chillin with < PROPFIRST > Albrecht and witnessing an impressive display of domination by The Regiment . Two < PROPMALE > ho's runs helped too 
Sabres are playing , but < PROPMALE > Gaffigan is on Comedy central . Im so torn right now .... 
\Bippity Boppity Bacon ! \ " ... Yeah < PROPMALE > Gaffigan won " 
Heading back to houghton :) 
So inexplicably tired right now :P 
So often , I'm the sleeping prayer . More often , I'm the weeping betrayer . Sometimes I play the martyr , become the traitor . The humbled sinner has never been a role I knew to play . My God , oh , my God what have I become ? The self-addicted one . My God , oh , my God You never failed me . You're what I need 
Ugh , can't wait for this day to be over 
Will probably be camped out in Java for the foreseeable future :P 
Was in java for almost three hours and still has a plethora of hw to do tonight . I have more hw today than I have had all freaking semester :P 
retreating back to Java for hw :P 
One class away from a much needed weekend . 
Has now officially seen Beauty and the Beast , along with its numerous plot holes thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Keegan and Kamille < PROPFEMALE > McKinney . I can now die knowing that I have experienced all that is good on earth . 
That that don't kill me , can only make me stronger 
Whoa , buffalo . Look at you lookin like a somewhat legit football team all of the sudden . 
looking up some new music , any suggestions ? 
Singin don't worry about a thing , because every little thing gonna be all right 
Guess who remembered about cleaning the bathroom as he was lying down to go to sleep . That's right , this guy . :P 
Laundry , Moss Lake for lab , some hw , then Vintage :D 
Vintage in roth lounge in half an hour ! :) 
Studying for Psych with < PROPFIRST > Peck 
After finding a 3in insect from hell in my room , operation \vacuum the crap out of everything in my room with more than two legs\ " has officially begun . Stupid bugs ..... " 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > Jones fall in the creek :) 
I heard the reverberating footsteps syncing up to the beating of my heart . And I was positive that unless I got myself together , I would watch me fall apart . \ 
And I can't let that happen again , ' cause then you'll see my heart in the saddest state it's ever been . \ 
This is no place to try and live my life . 
Looking for a free couch for next semester ... any ideas ? 
This overtime is ridiculous ... 
Not looking forward to waking up early to schedule for classes tomorrow ... 
\So you say the present is just a pleasant interruption to the past . And you don't wanna look much closer cuz you're afraid to find out all this hope \"" 
DJ Clink is the best person EVER !!! 
Sorry for the loss CCA varsity , you'll win it next year 
I have a broken disposition . I'm a liar who thirsts for the truth . And while I ache for faith to hold me , I need to feel the scars and see the proof . I use one hand to pull closer , the other to push you away . If only I had two hands doing the same thing lifted high . And it feels like giving in , it feels like starting over , it feels like waking up and you know it’s coming . It feels like a brand new day , open your eyes 
Staying up till 230 prolly wasn't the best life choice .... 
Just got a wrong number call saying I need paper proof of rabies ..... 
Keepin ' it old school with < PROPFEMALE > 
Class ended early , and my bed is just as warm as it was when I left it :) 
Wants to thank all the veterans who are serving or have served . Especially < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Jedidiah Boswell , and my cousin < PROPFIRST > . Love you guys :) 
Had an awesome night with Kamille < PROPFEMALE > McKinney , < PROPFIRST > Peck , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . And thinks horses are pretty much awesome 
Doing hw in Big < PROPMALE>'s for the foreseeable future :P 
In these bodies we will live , in these bodies we will die . Where you invest your love , you invest your life 
My name is < PROPFEMALE > and I like pretty pretty < PROPFEMALE > with my pretty pink pony pals 
< PROPFIRST > Peck is a jerk :P 
This dinky little paper will be the end of me :P 
My favorite part of my body is either my liver or my left pinky toe . I love dancing peacocks 
My name is < PROPFIRST > Rudd and I am a dancing catholic hippo 
sleeeeeep 
Cancelled lab = more time for napping :) 
Watching < PROPMALE > Potter with Jedidiah Boswell , cuz we're awesome like that 
Proving the haters ( Kamille < PROPFEMALE > McKinney and < PROPFEMALE > Keegan ) wrong by making a pie . 
I love rain , just not when I step in 5 inches of it ..... 
Na na na < PROPFEMALE > na na , < PROPFEMALE > na na 
\This is the correlation between salvation and love \"- unwinding cable car " 
Goin to ra cha cha for < PROPMALE > pottah with some pretty sick nasty people 
I fer serious have the best friends anyone could ever ask for 
I'm out of pants , guess I should do laundry ... 
whoa , Bills with a comeback ? Miracles do happen 
Going to my morning class will probably be a game-time decision 
There's a show on animal planet called \Hippo Hell\ " I dont think I can resist this ... " 
First legit snow of the year , now I feel like I'm home :) 
Cca sucked the last couple dollars out of my pocket for a basketball game .... yet another sign of being home . 
Awesome night last night with some amazing friends , now to improve upon my embarrassingly scarce Christmas music library 
Just found out that my future roommate is also my 2nd cousin once removed . Cool beans , cool beans 
Falling asleep to some Mumford and sons , back to Houghton tomorrow :) 
ugh , good try Bills ... 
O hey , I have a project due tomorrow and I dont know what Im doing for it yet . Selling my life to the library for the foreseeable future .... 
Why is every place on campus freezing cold ? I shouldn't have to wear a winter coat indoors :P 
Vintage was pretty awesome 
I absolutely love snowy days like today at Houghton 
If any yeti meows , it's a pink yeti 
Dear Houghton office of residence life : You're full of crap . That is all . 
I have awesome friends that don't change my status to weird things :P 
Needs to better protect my facebook from < PROPFIRST > mansfield 
No matter how many times I see Across the Universe , I can never completely understand exactly what's going on .... 
I know I can't be the only person who has ever tried to pee while doing a handstand . UUGGHHHH sooooo messsyyyyyy . 
Chilling with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Mansfield , < PROPMALE > Quebral , < PROPFEMALE > Salzman , < PROPFEMALE > Colson and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > = an amazing weekend 
Should probably be sleeping , but instead is drinking suicides with < PROPFIRST > Peck and failing at doing homework 
' That's not a suicide , you only used three of them . Thats more like ..... self-infliction\- Kamille < PROPFEMALE > McKinney " 
Dfkskurjeuqjrjgjfikshsehir jetwhedkwgdeykeyr jfjsoej heckling ceding ffkhfgkgd FDIC 
Is a cotton-headed ninny muggins 
I bite my thumb at you < PROPFEMALE > Keegan , Kamille < PROPFEMALE > McKinney , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
There are still burning embers , of the life that you restored . Jesus , you embraced me when the world had closed the door . Take me to where I should be . Cuz I don't belong here , I know . Without You there's no hope in me . I'm undone , make me whole . 
Time will continue without you . So , in the end , its not about you . But , what did you do ? Who do you love besides you , beside you ? Many died in the name of vanity . \ 
Many die , in their mind's eye , for justice . You've got one < PROPFEMALE > moment in time for life to shine , to shine ; burn away the darkness 
We rise and fall together , our hearts still beat below . You can't stand by forever , \ 
you're the kid with a bullet soul . Are you ready to go ? 
We live within a world that fails \ 
With pain we cant control \ 
You sustain us with the love that knows and we're\ 
Overwhelmed 
\When my heart was grieved and my spirit embittered I was senseless and ignorant I was a brute beast before you . Yet I am always with you 
Dear Houghton office of residence life , after carefull thought ... you're still full of crap . Seriously , I pay 30,000 $ a year to be here , dont give me crap excuses about why you dont want to do your job . 
I dont think I have ever loved youtube more than I do at this moment 
i am a big fat meanie jerk butt face ! 
Relaxing to City and Colour when I should be doing hw .... o well 
Watching A Christmas Story with < PROPFIRST > Boutwell 
In the heat of battle my father wove a tapestry of obscenities that , as far as we know , is still hanging in space over Lake Michigan . 
Does anyone have glitter ? 
Thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Keegan and Kamille < PROPFEMALE > McKinney are particularly awesome individuals for taking an obscene amount of time to cut out little pictures of horses to fill my secret < PROPFEMALE > bag . Seriously , love you two 
\Open your eyes and look within : Are you satisfied with the life you're living ? \"" 
i dont see myself going to sleep in the near future .... and I have an exam at 8am . ugh break please come quickly 
ugh way too much to do in the span of three days ... 
This is gonna be a City and Colour kind of night ... 
Screw this , Im taking a nap . 
Day after day I'm more confused . Yet I look for the light through the pouring rain . You know that's a game that I hate to lose , and I'm feelin ' the strain , ain't it a shame . Oh , give me the beat , boys , and free my soul . I wanna get lost in your rock and roll and drift away 
Finished my exam early which means I get to sleep now :) 
I won't sink down when it's over my head , \ 
The fire in my eyes let's you know I'm not dead . \ 
I won't shut down when the mountains won't move , \ 
Climb to the top if it's the last thing I do . \ 
I won't slow down when there's mud on my neck , \ 
If you feel safe then you haven't lived yet . 
After finishing that psych paper , Im a quarter of the way through my remaining finals week from hell :P 
\Rueben 
Super proud of my brotha from anotha motha < PROPFIRST > Albrecht for passing his private license test can't wait to ( hopefully ) fly with him over break :D 
We would not lay down \ 
We won't live in vain \ 
We won't be drained \ 
And I got to maintain \ 
I won't let my life go to waste \ 
I'm a struggla \ 
Rise and never fall cause I been through it all \ 
So ask yourself and think twice \ 
Would you want to live the life of a struggla ? 
Can't sleep ... :P 
Only one exam stands in between me and freedom . Did Ii study for it ? No . Will I regret that decision ? Only for a few minutes 
Getting up early , but going to < PROPFEMALE > Salzman's house way late any way . Poor life choice ? yes , but those are usually the funnest ones any way :) 
You're all I want , you're all I need . You're everything , everything . How could I stand here with you , and not be moved by you ? 
Got a B- In spanish :D 
After a week of non-stop stress , and a severe lack of sleep , I declare this day to be a lazy Sunday afternoon ^___^ 
Going to see the Trans-siberian orchestra with Nate Kindred hollaaaaaa 
Slept until almost 2 , I love break :) 
Don't wanna leave this world knowing I breathed in vain . Looked out for myself , so sorry , so ashamed . Don't wanna leave this life knowing I barely tried . Chased all my dreams that I hid away on the inside . Live , I wanna live on fire . Die , I wanna burn out brighter , brighter than the Northern lights . Wanna live to feel the daylight 
Got a C in Lit Voices .... so much for that being my best class ... 
Watching Snow Day , haha I love this movie 
Just went christmas shopping with < PROPFIRST > Puskas and < PROPFIRST > Brown for 5 hours .. and all I got was some coffee :P 
It's 3 a.m. ....... why am I wide awake ? 
The Bills just signed some one named Boo Robinson , bahahaha 
And I'm freeeeeeeeee , free fallin ' 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
If I hear one more comment about < PROPMALE>'s interception record , I'm going to vomit .... 
God'll take you through hell just to get you to heaven . So even though it's heavy , the load I will still < PROPFEMALE > . Grin and still bear it , win and still share it . All you can do is handle it , The worst thing you could do is panic . Avoid insanity manage to conquer every obstacle . Make impossible possible . Even when winnings illogical , loosing's still far from optional 
I need to focus 
\You're a skid-mark on the underpants of society \"" 
Finally going to earn some money today :D 
My facebook has apparently been hacked by my \inspirations\ " < PROPFEMALE > Salzman and < PROPFEMALE > Colson . They made some interesting changes to my info < PROPFEMALE >...." 
Only I would manage to get lost in Daemon . Probably the only campus in NY smaller than Houghton .... 
Just had a coloring party with < PROPFEMALE > Colson , < PROPFEMALE > Salzman , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Mansfield . Yeah we're cool . Too cool for you :P 
Mmmk , I've had my fill of drama for a while . Sunday , please come quickly ... 
Wow , well done Marshawn Lynch 
So ... I've gotten about 4 friend requests from people thinking I was a < PROPMALE > Hand from Atlanta that was killed on new years < PROPFEMALE > . 1 . I look absolutely nothing like him 2 . If I was dead , why would you be looking for me on facebook , asking me if i was dead ? It's not like I'd be online to reply any time soon .... 
Why was I such an idiot last semester ?... 
Java/hw will be consuming my life for the near future 
Dear NY Jets , Im really not that big of a fan of you , but I'm even less of a fan of the Pats . Sooooo , if you could cause them some nationally televised humiliation , that'd be awesome , thanks . 
Dear New York Jets , thanks a bunch :) 
A friar and some nuns just walked into Java , robes and all . I love houghton :) 
Dear Houghton , thanks to you o-so-convenient paycheck schedule , I'll be broke for two more weeks .... thanks a bunch 
Cause this is not about what you've done , \ 
But what's been done for you . \ 
This is not about where you've been , \ 
But where your brokenness brings you to 
It's just way too freaking cold out ..... 
I've got some friends , some that I hardly know . But we've had some times , I wouldn't trade for the world . We < PROPMALE > these days down with talks of the places that we will go . We live on front porches and swing life away , we get by just fine here on minimum wage . If love is a labor I'll slave till the end 
\Is this another complication I face ? Here is the mistake coming back to catch me 
I HATE STATISTICS 
Vintage tonight at 8 on the 2nd west lounge of Roth , come check it out :) We're having pizza and wings tonight too 
Teach me to fill my lungs \never stop breathing blood\ " \ 
\Self-control is the Spirit-given strength to be mastered by nothing other than God \"" 
\I don't give a fig \"- Dr Fischer " 
Drugs and Behavior will be the end of me :P 
Is , now , officially a psych < PROPMALE > :) 
I'm having very intense feelings for you right now . 
On second thought , it's Kamille and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > with all those intense feelings , not me 
Is a packers fan for the day . Go pack go ! 
1 . The black eyed peas have no talent whatsoever\ 
2 . What on earth is on his head ?..... 
Wishes that Jedidiah Boswell were here tonight :( 
My drugs and behavior book is telling me how to make moonshine . Who says college doesn't teach real life skills ? 
< PROPFIRST > Rudd , you are SOOOO beautiful . When you dance with me , I love the way your hips swing . I want to nibble at your toes . \ 
\ 
Love , \ 
< PROPMALE > 
< PROPFIRST > Rudd's toes are crusty and nasty , I would never want to nibble on them 
Dear stats professor , if I wanted to take an online course , I would have signed up for a online course . I've had enough of this confusing technological crap 
Sabres are only two points out of the playoff right now :) 
< PROPFIRST > Peck , watch yourself . < PROPFEMALE > sucks :P 
My paycheck is twice what I anticipated it being , 2/3 of my classes have been cancelled , and today's chapel speaker reminded me of Orpheus from The Matrix . Fridays truly are magical :) 
At spot , third row , directly behind the prez and dr mills . Hollaaaaa 
I've been holding on so tight . Look at these knuckles , they've gone white . I'm fighting for who I wanna be . I'm just trying to find security . But You say let it go , You say let it go , You say life is waiting for the one's who lose control . You say you will be , everything I need . You said if I lose my life it's then I'll find my soul . 
Dear whoever sent me a happy valentines day note . Thanks :) 
Whoever thought that starting a class at 8am was a good idea needs to have their head examined 
I need words , as wide as sky . I need language large as this longing inside . And I need a voice bigger than mine . And I need a song to sing You , that I've yet to find . I need you , oh I need you to be here now . 
My flag is turning white , I need your hope tonight . For the first time , surrender saved my life . Keep my eyes focused , you are the long run . There's no time for giving up , we'll make it , we'll make it . 
I'm a < PROPFEMALE > girl , in the < PROPFEMALE > world . Life in plastic , it's fantastic ! You can brush my hair , undress me everywhere . Imagination , life is your creation ! 
Bsgdsygdjfiriywskfibgdsywiqjeofpfcjxbddyieprjtvdkxlspwirurhxbxhsyqyworprkxknxbsgstduditjtfmcmcnxbzvfafqfwueorpfurjybdkxldieiwprhfabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzhdhdjfikekabsdhdjdodpqpqiurtvdbxxmxnalslfjbxbfhrheytwrieoqpwuwhevrbhdyquqoeprirutbbnxmxmvlshffjxhskaldbdhruruqoqpeirutbtbxbcmxmbxvdhdkalworirhtbdfufywiworjrjdnbxmxncjfifvwfsdirprpqirrntjsjdysyuduridjdjxncnxbdgsjieidndksoor 
does anyone have a white tie ? 
You calm the storms , and you give me rest . You hold me in your hands , you won't let me fall . You still my heart , and you take my breath away . Would you take me in ? Take me deeper now ? And How can I stand here with you and not be moved by you ? Would you tell me how could it be any better than this ? 
is listening to his favorite song \Because you are a woman ! \"" 
I have friends of questionable moral fiber . AKA Kamille McKinney and < PROPFEMALE > Keegan 
With my eyes wide open , I've got my eyes wide open . I've been keeping my hopes unbroken . Your love is a symphony , all around me , running through me . Your love is a < PROPFEMALE > , underneath me , running to me 
i LOVE baby cemetaries ! 
Is reading < PROPMALE > and Hobbes ..... for homework . I love college :) 
Is an expert kisser , according to the 8 < PROPFEMALE > stems I tied at dinner :) 
About to head out to Indiana/Kentucky for the week with two , pretty awesome people :) 
aaaaaaaaaaaa 
is crying and can't figure out why ! 
Back on campus after a week with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and Kamille McKinney . Awesome week with two of the best friends a guy could ask for :) 
The times you doubt me , when you can't feel the times that you've questioned ' is this for real ? ' the times you've broken , the times that you mend the times you hate me and the times that you bend . well my love is over , its underneath , its inside , its inbetween , these times you're healing and when your heart breaks . the times that you feel like you've fallen from grace . the times you're hurting the times that you heal 
Will be off of this for lent 
Finally home :) 
Gaustad knocks Briere on his can and then dominates a fight . This game is already showing promise :) 
Dear hate , I know you're not far\ 
You would wait at the door of my heart\ 
I was amazed at the passion in your cries\ 
Dear anger , you made me so high\ 
You were faithful to show up on time\ 
Such a flame that was burning in your eyes\ 
I let you go\ 
But you're still chasing\ 
Go ahead\ 
Put a target on my forehead\ 
You can fire\ 
But you've got no bullet\ 
I was yours\ 
But I'm not yours anymore\ 
Oh , you don't own me 
About to get coffee with the always attractive < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Mansfield ;) 
DRRRREEEWWWWWWWWW STAFFFFOOORRRRRRRDDD 
Vintage , and then blasted tenth ave on the way back home . That was a good night :) 
Drove downtown to work in the library .... only to realize that I had no quarters for parking . fail . 
\Take away the scales from my eyes 
Witnessed a valiant effort of a The Regiment game last night , and even relived my high school < PROPFEMALE > days and did the score board ;) 
Ok , sabres . Lets shut these whiners up 
Sabres win it in OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVERRRTIIIIIMMMMMEE :) 
Sin has lost it's power , \ 
death has lost it's sting . \ 
From the grave you've risen\ 
VICTORIOUSLY ! \ 
Into marvelous light I'm running , \ 
Out of darkness , out of shame . \ 
By the cross you are the truth , \ 
You are the life , you are the way\ 
My dead heart now is beating , \ 
My deepest stains now clean . \ 
Your breath fills up my lungs . \ 
Now I'm free . now I'm free ! 
And we are His portion and He is our prize , \ 
Drawn to redemption by the grace in His eyes , \ 
If His grace is an ocean , we're all sinking . \ 
And heaven meets earth like an unforeseen kiss , \ 
And my heart turns violently inside of my chest , \ 
I don't have time to maintain these regrets , \ 
When I think about , the way \ 
That He loves us , \ 
Oh how He loves us , \ 
Oh how He loves . 
Nxhsgsgsiwowlsjfbxhdhfjroworurrhwnwdyjjhhpyiygbnkkjhbnjlgmxcfhhwowhchdyeoqptjtjfnfnffdhrupsueudjxbcbmxchskskfuuwiqpwpruruhhchxndmfgbjfufidodpeotitjfjdnccgfjrkeoeidhfhfjgieoeotitjrhggyfhjfkrotfjfufuhdheyeuehdjkfogoqoruhrjdmcncbgfhskdiudgsjekfidbdhfifitj'nnjdjriektjfb!!!!!!! 
O the joys of being a Buffalo sports fan .... 
Houghton blackout ' 11 wasn't quite as insane as Houghton blackout ' 10 , but that was fun :) 
Stand tall against all who will dare to shake you\ 
Don’t let them shake you . \ 
So grip your fist and swing until your knuckles bleed\ 
We can’t sit quietly because there’s more to life than we see\ 
So if you are the new breed scream , “I am immortal in you”\ 
This is the call of the new breed , I want to feel what change your < PROPFEMALE > brings . \ 
Please teach me life lived fearlessly , and I swear , I’ll make a stand here 
and by and by , and through the tears , \ 
and things you've taught me through the years , \ 
my whole life was designed by you , \ 
I'll never know anyone half as true\ 
So I lift it , I lift it up to you , \ 
and I will never forget , \ 
the times that we've been through , \ 
so I lift it , I said I lift it up to you ; \ 
And I surrender all of me , \ 
to you , to you , and \ 
everything I'll ever be , to you \ 
and I surrender all of me 
i like eating fish sticks all the time nom nom nom :3 
Goal of the summer : get a car 
aoirgoiajigdjaoigfjaidgpoaogahfhsifgjoieargihskfmcvhiurekfdnhgeuraojrlkfnadkhryaqiwentojnsoaudyhundakjthlkewhaisndkfnahjtaisdhfksdfnkjadauhtiaudnfoawehiuahdgiuahiuwuetyadnf1234567890 :D 
It’s just a crack , the smallest of flaws\ 
Your legs have now failed you to crawl\ 
From the dirt , insurgent to warning , from lion to nothing at all . \ 
Look and see , you’re feeble and weak , for your body fights only your heart\ 
Call to me , and unleash the strength\ 
Your soul will begin to roar . \ 
Give me your eyes so I can see through fire\ 
Give me your strength so I can stand so strong 
One class , two exams , and a couple papers away from summer :) 
And now , \ 
So desperately I have been waiting for you . \ 
To bring down your hands . \ 
To make this all okay . \ 
To make me whole again . \ 
I know that this is the way . \ 
I know this is the way you planned for it . \ 
I will < PROPFEMALE > you home again , home tonight . \ 
I will < PROPFEMALE > you to let you fly , to let you fly 
Hey , if anyone wanted to go to the Dominican this August , and I haven't contacted you , please let me know asap :) 
O to grace how great a debtor \ 
daily I'm constrained to be ! \ 
Let thy goodness , like a fetter , \ 
bind my wandering heart to thee . \ 
Prone to wander , Lord , I feel it , \ 
prone to leave the God I love ; \ 
here's my heart , O take and seal it , \ 
seal it for thy courts above . 
Philippians 3:10 -14 
One down , one more to go . O , and a crap load of papers and such .. 
Has the maturity level of a 4 year old ..... 
Satisfy me , Lord , oh\ 
Yeah I'm begging You , help me see\ 
You're all I want , You're what I need\ 
Oh satisfy me , Lord\ 
You're beautiful\ 
You're more than all this world can give 
