meh i'm here aren't i ? 

I'm in a very peaceful mode today . I've had a great weekend and life continues on ... 
there , i have added a photo , lol . it's a bit out of date because my hair is a more-on-the-side-of-red-brown , but at least the weight is right ! I've officially lost 56lbs since giving birth last July . For those that haven't seen me , that was all the weight i gained during pregnancy and then about 20lbs more . 
if you look at the link i posted all of my photos are a year old . The newest being the long lost family . since those photos I have dropped 56lbs . I'm very proud of myself because that was a LOT of hard work . For those of you that have had kids , you know what I'm saying . I will try and get new photos on here soon . I may post new baby photos too !!! You guys rock ! 
omg I hate tuesdays ... * yawns * so sleepy .... it's too hot here !!! 
why are tuesdays so slow ?! yippee I'm leave for the rest of the week ! 
You ever feel like time moves slowly to intentionally force you to acknowledge the world around you ? Like you have to just stop and realize that you're alive and that each moment you waste is lost forever therefore you must < PROPFEMALE > each that follow ? 
must go get midget .... syl ! 
i'm off for the week !!! yey ! finally a break , lol 
I'm chilling here on the internet wonderin what all you happy people are up to on a Thursday night . 
i just got done working out for 3 hours and man am i going to be sore tomorrow ... possibly today 
i somehow insanely managed the energy to go for another hr long walk 
Yey , another Monday morning .... 
I'm feeling awesome and I hope you guys are too ! This is the best Monday EVER ! 
up late tonight ... brody has pneumonia .... i had to take him to the doc with a 103.3 temp . 
Brody is feeling better today . Thanks guys for your support . I didn't go to bed until 1 last night . Not so tired but just worried about my Brody Bear . Today I'm feeling good and I hope you all are too ! < PROPFEMALE > , I love you girly !!! You'd better call me or I'ma tell mom you's ignoring me ! :P Tell mom I want to do a VTC this weekend so she can see the midget . 
Fable 3 needs to come out NOW !!!!! 
I'm a total geek and I'm damn proud of it ! You don't like it ... well , then poop on you . I play video gams and watch scary movies and I am totally addicted to Neopets ! 
Question of the day : Do you believe that women can rule the world without holding grudges or being vindictive and spiteful towards one another ? ( heated debate at work for some reason , lol ) I don't think it's possible . Any thoughts ? ^_^ 
rushed brody to the hospital today with a 104.3 temp . They drugged him up and said his test results were better today than yesterday . They don't know what caused the fever to resist the motrin . He is home in good condition , resting . I'm staying with him tomorrow to keep him away from other kids at day care so he doesn't spread the germs . He will return to day care thursday . Let's hope tomorrow is less eventful . :) 
omg , i haven't really slept in 3 days and right now i feel ( and probably look ) like afriggin zombie .... This tape library is going to be the death of me !!!! 
Question of the Day : Why is it that if someone tells you that there are 1 billion stars in the universe you will believe them . But if they tell you a wall has wet paint you will have to touch it to be sure ? 
slowly working on getting photos both old and new uploaded 
Question of the Day : If it's true that we are here to help others , then what exactly are the others here for ? Just wondering ... lol 
Happy Friday the 13th everybody !!!!! 
rubberbands of doom ! Colberg , you sing the sound of music one more time ... * deep growly voice * I will find you !!!!! 
Question of the day : If you could go anywhere is the world , where would it be ? Why ? 
* shakes a fist * ALL A-HOLES WHO RUN RED LIGHTS ON PURPOSE SHOULD BE PUNCHED !! Or karmically punished , as wishing pain on someone would bring that back to me .... damn road mongers .... you all annoy me ! * twitch * Why am I still in Florida with all these damn tourists and rednecks ????! *_* 
Question of the Day : What do other drivers in your area do that makes you angriest ? Me ? When idiots run the red light once the other light has already turned green because they are stupid or not paying attention . A few months ago someone almost T-boned me and my son on my way to base and the light had been green for us for about 15 secs and the idiot had to swerve around me to keep from hitting me . 
mmmmm popcorn ... 100 calories of crunchy goodness ... 
strained my hamstring during my run today ... i have to test next week so lets hope that it gets better 
I am at peace with the world around me ... I can't believe how good I feel right now . All I did was meditate for 20 minutes and I just feel great . 
Peacefulness has gone away ! Now I am just antsy for SSgt Results ! There is the slight possibilty we might find out the afternoon . 
OMG I don't think I've been this nervous and anxious in a long time ! They need to release the promotion list NOOOOOWWWW !!!!! * twitches * 
Well , I didn't make it but damn was I close . I missed promotion by 1.08 pts . I was the no . 3 nonselectee for my career field . Whoot ! I know you're like ' why is she cheering ? ' I at least know that I did well ! I scored pretty high on my PDG 
I'm staying positive and feeling much better . :) 
is now expecting baby number 2 !!!!!!! Yippee !!! The Hubby and I are PREGGERS ! 
oy sooo tired .... no morning sickness yet but man i am just beat . doc says i should be about 7- 7.5 weeks . i'm already showing :P 
brody is gonna be a big bro ! :) 
i am sooooo tired 
i need a nap 
why is it that doctors try to scare the crap out of you when you're pregnant regardless if you've had a baby before ? * annoyed * 
Awesome news ! I just found out from my doc that this should be an easy and safe pregnancy and that I am no longer high risk ! * dances to celebrate * 
currently working on my vid ... joy 
is gonna see her baby today !!!!! I've been asked to play lab rat by my doctor to a bunch of new doctors at the clinic who are learning the ultrasound machine . I'm so excited ! 
I have just learned that I am apparently only 5wks preggers , lol . That's twice now I've been tagged at 4wks with a pos preg test . Doc says it's all good . 
I would like to send MANY positive thoughts and energy to all my friends ! Thank you for being you ! HAPPY FRIDAY WHOOT !!!! 
OMG whoever is responsible for the totaly addictive awesomeness that is Panera Bread , YOU ARE MY HERO , MAN ! * munches on an Asiago Cheese Bagel * 
i'm enjoying my only cup of coffee a day that I can have ... damn caffeine limitation ... 
Quote of the day : \ugh this sausage tastes bad \"- anonymous coworker :P " 
this ad i'm looking at to the side about loving < PROPMALE > looks like the dude is petting the dark side of a cat .... creepy ... 
My positive thoughts , prayers , and hopes are with North < PROPFEMALE > and the rest of the east coast . Be safe and good luck . 
feeling good and jittery . taking some time off soon so a nice extra long relaxation period coming to me . :) 7 wks and 4days today ! Friday makes 8 so I'm doing good . 
tiiiiiiiirrrrreeeed * yawn * is it 1630 yet ? 
loves the crazy pics that come with new equipment exhibiting what NOT to do because you know the only reason why they have it is because someone has been stupid enough to do those things . Lol 
* mmmm chocolate .... * 
is daydreamin about steak for sum reason ... * mmmm steak * damn preggy cravings ... 
TIRED !! Busy busy busy ! omg next week is gonna be crazy ... 
Hey peoples , sorry I haven't been on in a while . There's been a lot of crazy things going on at work , and I've just been too exhausted to come online . I still love ya'll and hope your days are goign well . * hugs * 
Bah , sorry guys , I've been really busy with work lately and the work load is steadily increasing . I've only got a little bit of time left before I have to stop going out to the field to film so I'm using it wisely . :) 
new pics available on < PROPFIRST>'s thing ! 
I am now 19 wks and we are having a little boy . < PROPMALE > will be the newest addition to our family in April !! 
whoever said it doesn't get cold in florida can kiss a rock . i'm freezing down here ! 
Whoot Friday !!! 
Happy Holiday's guys ! I hope everyone's having some good times , :P 
getting nervous as delivery approaches .... only 3 months to go . 
is recovering from the worst stomach bug she has ever had and still having problems . 
i just spent all day moving stuff and i am beat ..... 
i want to punch my chiropractor because i don't think he knows what he's doing ... OW 
HORMONES !!!!!! ARGH ! I hate this whole not being able to make it to even 9pm . How freakin sad is that ? I even missed New Years because I couldn't stay awake . I'm so annoyed right now . 
STEELERS GOING TO DA SUPER BOWL ! WHOOOOOOOT !!! I know , old news , but i'm excited ! 
baby has pnuemonia ... poor thing went to the hospital with 104 temp . 
drugs are bad ... mm'kay ? percocet on the other hand is fantastic and makes me not feel my hernia anymore ... awesome ! @_@ 
is sooo ready to be done with this pregnancy . :P For now , I'm just enjoying my hot cocoa and banana . Mmmm Mmmm ... 
is enjoying watching her belly dance on its own ... poor baby's had hiccups 2 times today :) 
has anyone ever passed a kidney stone before ? 
< PROPFIRST>'s getting me to pick up gardening again . With a patio right outside the bedroom , as long as everything's potted , i can garden easily without straining myself . :) 
is scared and looking for comfort . Have any of you ( talking to ANYONE who reads this ) had to give Prednisolone ( steroids ) to their little ones ? Brody might have Asthma , but the doctor isn't sure . He's had a persistent respiratory infection that just won't go away . I gave him the meds without reading the sheet they gave me that explains the side effects and now I'm terrified . 
Brody made it through day 1 with no issues . Hubby and I just got back from an OB appt . Ultrasound was < PROPFEMALE > insanely clear , we saw full face . The most adorable CHUBBY little cheeks you have ever seen and he definitely has his big brother's pouty lips . I don't know if the world can handle two absolutely adorable Stevens boys . < PROPMALE > is gonna be < PROPFEMALE > o cute . I can't wait to see him . 
I hope everyone is having a great day . :) 
Take care of the ones you love , because you never know how long you'll have them . May the Higher Powers watch over my family throughout this and the next couple of days as my < PROPFEMALE > finds her way on the journey through life , death , and the beyond ... To my family : I love you all very much , and I'm saddened I can't be there with you through this crucial time . Give her a kiss for me . 
Rest in blissful peace , < PROPFEMALE > . We will all miss you . I'm sorry I didn't have more time with you . Give Daddy a hug for me when you see him . 
Just a few more weeks and lil baby < PROPMALE > will grace us with his presence . Brody finally figured out my gigantic belly is NOT for punching but for a gentle < PROPFIRST > and rub to say ' hi ' to his lil brother . :^) I definitely will not miss being pregnant . I just look forward to the next step in being a mom . 
anybody else feel like facebook is trying to take over the world ? 
Could use a little humor right now so : You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note ; If you comment , copy and paste this as your status . 
Poll ; When I am finally done with being pregnant and b/f and all that , I want to dye my hair again . I just can't decide on color so I'm looking for help from my friends ... Back to a soft blonde ? Stay red ? or go a dark brunnette ? 
say cheese and smile ! 
I seriously want to punch morons who post stupid and rude crap in response to insightful messages because they think they're funny . If you can't say something in a respectful manner towards someone , even if you oppose , then don't freaking say anything at all . 
oh the days of sleep are long gone and in their place is a perpetuallly sick child and a jumping bean in my belly that can't tell time .... 
3 days with 3 hrs of sleep a night and I'm dyin ' .... I miss CAFFIENE !!!! 
Why do we even have Web based health assessments in the military ? If I have a problem , usually I go to the doctor , don't most people ? So why would I want to be asked a bunch of personal questions by an impersonal program ? Freaking thing told me I'm fat and lazy because I'm gigantically pregnant and am too far along to exercise a whole bunch . Assholes .... 
Had two very painful contractions last night ... a sign of what may come sooner rather than later . I'm about 90 minutes apart between each one and they're not consistent . Damn braxton hicks contractions . OOOWWEEEE !!!! 
total geek moment for me , just now .... they're bringing back sailor < PROPFEMALE > , so sad that i'm excited about this , lol 
i am a total dork and damn proud of it ! Shout out if you're dork too , lol ! 
This is so sad that I just drove across base so I could get an omelet from the chow hall .... what's sad is the omelets on base are better than iHop's 
Dude , you guys have GOT to freakin see this video !!! Someone got footage of a basking shark down by the pier in Panama City getting a little friendly with a lone kayaker . If it were me ? I probably would have instantly peed myself , lol !!! 
mmm < PROPFEMALE > gummies :) 
I wish that if someone had a problem with you , they would be able to come out and say it rather than run and hide from the situation , we are , after all , adults .. At the same time , I give up on trying to deal with high school BS because I've moved on . You can only try to help someone so much before they have to figure it out for themselves ... 
some peoples ' children .... 
can I give birth now ? lol 
FML 
Created 3d globe in after effects for my latest work project . I'm proud cuz it looks cool as hell ! 
\Cheers to the freakin ' weekend- I drink to that s *** yeah yeah ... \ " \ 
You can't beat a double chocolatey chip frappucino from starbucks when you've been denied all else :^) mmmm tasty !!! 
Tomorrow I see the doc for my 36 wk check up ! Hurray , full term ! Now I just need to hope I'll go into labor soon so I don't have to wait until the end of April for the surgery . :^P I can't wait for little baby < PROPMALE > to be here ... 
Apparently gardening for 3 hours straight is a bad idea ... I went to doc today to find out i sprained my wrist and gave myself a severe case of carpel tunnel , lol . I'm learning that I am soooo NOT ambidextrious , :^P 
No more number crunching !! brain hurts .... Planning for a newborn when you have a toddler is rough . Why the hell is day care so freaking expensive in florida ??? 
anybody who's never heard of < PROPFIRST > lynch , go on youtube and look him up . one of my favorites is ' your sister ' , enjoy the dirtiness !!! 
I'm contemplating getting another tattoo at the end of the year . I want to get get a butterfly with the celtic pentagram worked into the design right in between my shoulder blades , below my current tattoo ... 
I need to go into labor soon , lol . All is well in my hectic little world but i'm going to go crazy if I don't get to see my baby boy for 3 more weeks .... 
I think i've decided that I'm going back to a soft strawberry blonde to match brody's color and this year I'm not going to cut my hair . Just reset my bangs with the thick chunky cut . 
