Who hates twilight 

Just sitting here in front of my computer , waiting to see what the hell you guys are up to . 
wonders why , every time i opens the fridge , there is lots of stuff in it , but nothing to eat ? 
Q : What should you do if you see your Ex in pain , limping and bleeding ??? \ 
\ 
A : Take a deep breath , reload , aim and fire again . \ 
yeah thats what i'll do 
i believe that when you treat people as they are , they will remain as they are , but when you treat them as they could be , they can become what they should be . 
For some reason women think child birth is the hardest thing imaginable . They've obviously never tried pissing straight with an erection 
next time your having a bad day imagine this : your a Siamese twin , your brother on your shoulder is gay , your not , he has a date coming , you have only one ass 
wondering how many of the $1 bills in my wallet have been in a stripper's ass crack ? 
Women have special powers . They get wet with out water , They bleed with out injury , They make boneless meat get hard , and make men eat with out cooking 8-) 
Sometimes I just don't think < PROPFEMALE > works fast enough ... where's my gun ? 
I respect all those people who hate me because my middle finger rises up and salutes them . 
I have an angel on one shoulder , and a little devil on the other ... what's it mean if the angel agrees with the devil ?? 
Women always say there's not a single honest bone in a mans body , but the bone in a mans pants is the most honest , u can always tell if he likes you or not ..................... the truth 
says , sometimes the realest one is right in front of your face and you don't even know it . Someone that makes you better without trying to change who you are . 
I lay here wide awake & wonder if the Sandman stopped for a pint on the way ? I should file a grievance with the fairytale union ....... jerk .............. well good nite FB ............ trying to get some sleep 
I apologize if you don't like my vulgar , rude , crude , socially unacceptable , blunt and , at times , foul language ... you always have the option to kiss my ass 
If I poke you and you poke me back ... did we just have Facebook sex ? and if i poke you and you didn't want to be poked ... did i rape your < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Little boy in the bath with mom . Boy says ' whats that hairy thing ? ' mom says ' its my sponge ' boy says ' oh yeah i saw auntie < PROPFIRST > washing dads face with hers !............ hahaha this is fucked up 
I'm not perfect , nor a saint ; never pretended to be ... I am a human being , trying to find my way in life , just like anybody else , only my approach is different . 
I ask for < PROPFEMALE > to deal with stupid people and courage to tolerate their ignorance because Lord only knows if I ask for strength I will beat them to death ! 
I don't know about you , but a highlight of my childhood was talking into the fan to hear my robot voice . 
All those who proclaim that dog is man's best friend , have evidently not played with a pussy 
Everyone is entitled to being retard once in a while ... But your just abusing the privilege 
the tooth < PROPFEMALE > is a bad influence cause she teaches little kids that they can sell their body for money 
Do what you feel in your heart to be right , for you'll be criticized anyway . You'll be damned if you do and damned if you don't . -- Eleanor < PROPMALE > 
Someone asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up ; I answered happy . They told me I didn't understand the question ; I told them they didn't understand life .. 
When I die , I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did , in his sleep ..... not screaming , like the passengers in his car 
The Perfect Breakfast As a Man Sees It\ 
You’re sitting at the table and your son is on the cover of Wheaties , your mistress is on the cover of Playboy , and your wife is on the back of the milk carton . 
I may not be able to draw blood from a stone but I sure as hell can draw blood from you once I crack you up side the head with that damn stone . 
The only thing I feel motivated to do today is procrastinate ................. FML 
letting past grudges go so i can move on to a bright and better future .. with god all things are possible 
wonders do stupid people have any idea how close they are to becoming homicide victims on any given day ? 
I realized that the grass might be greener on the other side , but that could just mean that there's more shit over there fertilizing the land 
truth is . everybody is going to hurt you . you just gotta find the onesworth suffering for . -- < PROPMALE > Marley . 
\Capital punishment turns the state into a murderer . But imprisonment turns the state into a gay dungeon-master . \ " Rev . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
If you don't like your job you don't strike . You just go in every day , and do it really half-assed . That's the American way . 
Recession is when your neighbor loses his job . Depression is when you lose yours . And recovery was when < PROPFIRST > Bush lost his . 
When you die , I'd like to go to your funeral but I'll probably have to go to work that day . I believe in business before pleasure . 
“Demented and sad , but social . ” 
peace FB i/m off this 
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent . 
Women are like cars : we all want a Ferrari , sometimes want a pickup truck , and end up with a station wagon . 
Illegal Immigration is not a new problem . Natives use to call it white people 
It's funny how people can remember everything down to the smallest detail , but when it comes to the money they owe you , all of a sudden the memory blacks-out . 
I wonder why people feel the need to brag , gloat , and boast about what they have ; is it because you are ugly or insecure ? Or maybe you're just both . 
Has the sudden urge to push someone down the stairs and jump on them from the top . * gets list of annoying people * 
When life hands you lemons , squirt it in some one elses eye and then stand there laughing . They can't see you , so why bother running ?! 
What’s the ultimate rejection ? When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep . ( joke ) 
Sponge < PROPMALE > , it's been over eleven years . You're not getting your license . 
I'm bi-polar and paranoid with quite a bit of obsessive compulsive disorder ... whats your excuse ? 
I wish life had background music , a laugh tract , and applause for when its appropriate . 
When I was born the devil said Oh shit ! Competition ! 
i see dumb people and i cant shoot them why isn't being a complete imbecile a federal offense punishable by exile to dumb ass island 
In 2011 the US government will start shipping retards away , i teared at the thought of losing you , be strong , wear your helmet and take your crayons , remember we stil have Facebook 
What is the meanest thing you can do to a person ? Take the light bulb out of the bathroom and leave the plunger in the toilet ! 
whats good with niggas jumping off of buildings 
I don't know why people ALWAYS think that my status is always about them and take it personally ... DON'T FLATTER YOURSELF ! I shouldn't have to watch what I say 
There are 4 things you can never recover : The stone .. after the throw . The word .. after it's said . The occasion .. after it's missed . The time .. after it's gone . 
I have to wonder what idiot ( and how many of them ) it took to have \Allergy Warning : Contains Milk\ " posted on the back of a chocolate milk bottle . I mean really ? " 
is wondering why the fuck do people talk to you like shit and then gasp at you as if your the bitchiest person in the world when you say something back . 
In this present crisis , government is not the solution to our problem ; government is the problem ... 
Stupid people cause accidents , see that's why I \accidentally\ " punched you in the face " 
After watching a CSI mini marathon I now know at least 10 ways to kill you and not leave a trace ... you might wanna watch your back . 
I Love My New Jacket . Its White , It has Long Sleeves , It lets me Hug Myself , I cant Hurt Myself ( Unless i headbutt a wall ) and It buckles Up Nicely . 
boondocks was type gay ........................ again 
\I've noticed that everyone who is for abortion has already been born \"- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
You know something ? Every time I see you , I see right through your fake disguise to the true Cum-Guzzling Gutter Slut that you really are . 
You see officer , I did not hit him ... I high-fived his face and after that , I knuckle-touched his < PROPFEMALE > , but I did not hit him ... do u believe me ? 
this is the terminator ! \ 
_ _ _ __ _ ? ____ _ _ _ copy and paste him everywhere\ 
....... ? ? ' ? ' \\????\\???/????/'?' ? ? ? ?........ so he can kill bitch ass niggas everywhere\ 
............. / \\ .................. 
I don't need you to approve of me , I've already accepted myself the way I am , and that is fucking awesome ! 
Ducks go quack , Cows go moo , guys stick it in and girls go OOH ! :) 
I'm reminding every one to never argue with someone who is not on your level of intelligence . Hand them a box of crayons and walk away knowing that you are smarter . 
Just for today I will focus on what I can control , not on the things I can't control . I will also realize that the only one I can truly control is myself . 
what is the difference between a wife and a hooker ? the wife is on a contract and the hooker is pay as you go 
I think the dumbest people get < PROPMALE > creating the stupidest shit ... it has become apparent to me that CLEARLY I am too smart to be < PROPMALE > . 
I wonder if more children were conceived because of alcohol or more alcohol was consumed because of children . 
Hanging on to someone who isn't adding value to your life isn't loyalty , that's stupidity . 
Next to every hot chick is a guy completely bored with what he once would kill for . 
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first , the lessons afterward 
Tell me what you regard as your greatest strength , So I will know how best to undermine you ; Tell me of your greatest fear , So I will know which I must force you to face ; Tell me what you < PROPFEMALE > most , So I will know what to take from you ; And tell me what you crave , So that I might deny you . 
lol at the boondocks ...... they on some mad < PROPMALE > shit\ 
fried chicken flu FTW 
I would like to say thank you to my Face Book fam for all the birthday wishes 
if I look at you with a blank expression - don't worry I'm fine ... I'm just plotting my revenge against you ... 
How to face life's most stressful situations , Live life like a dog , If you can't eat it , And you can't hump it ... Piss on it and walk away . 
The brilliance of your mind is completely destroyed by the ignorance of your mouth . 
I went outside once ... The graphics were alright , but the gameplay sucked . 
I’m looking for a woman who’s a lady in public and a TSA agent in the bedroom . 
Whoever said money can't buy happiness is obviously wrong , a couple dollars can buy me a pack of Oreo's . 
Wonders why people that get welfare checks don't have to take a drug test but the people willing to work have to ? 
New high power rifle with scope-$15 , 000 , High grain magnum ammunition-$150 per box , Getting that one \Special\ " person that screwed up your life in the cross-hairs ......... PRICELESS ! " 
I have learned that happiness is a choice we make everyday when we wake up . You create your own and can't hold yourself responsible for anyone else's 
why does everybody stock up on bread , milk , and eggs before a snowstorm ? is there something about snow that makes people crave french toast ? 
It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men ....... smfh niggas need to step up and take care of their kids . 
Tell me what you regard as your greatest strength , so I will know how best to undermine you ; tell me of your greatest fear , so I will know which I must force you to face ; tell me what you < PROPFEMALE > most , so I will know what to take from you ; and tell me what you crave , so that I might deny you . 
A wise man once said , believe half of what you see , none of what you hear , But around this town , people believe everything they hear and make up what they see 
Women always say there's not a single honest bone in a mans body , but the bone in a mans pants is the most honest , u can always tell if he likes you or not 
Just think in about 40 years there will be little old ladies running around with saggy tattoos and rap music will become the < PROPFEMALE > oldies . 
Reminder : Don't forget to pay your taxes . . . 12 million Illegal Aliens are depending on you ! 
a smart man tells his women to shut up , but a wise man tells her that her mouth is beautiful when its closed 
Wonders why we need a holiday for love . We should show it 24/7 , why do we need a yearly reminder ? If you can forget who you love , then there is no love at all , February 14 , 2011 is just another Monday . 
REGULATORS 4 LIFE ..... rest in peace Nate Dogg 
niggas is bugging with this Wetschester Smut List shit 
