is thankful for my Mom who loves my little girl and shows her almost daily ! 

is thankful for so many blessings ! I am grateful that I have a job that I love and a boss who is very understanding , gracious and forgiving ! 
is thankful for new life and old life which becomes new again ! 
I am thankful for bedtime for a certain little Chinese girl . 
is thankful for Evann's sweet friends and their sweet parents ! 
I am thankful for a little girl who loves American Girl tea parties and who can then switch gears to feed animals out of her hand at Global Wildlife in Louisiana . What a beautiful day for both ! 
loves when the \Elf on the Shelf\ " returns for the Christmas Holidays ! It is amazing how much the behavior in our home improves during this time of year . Is Christmas intimidation wrong ? " 
Wow ! I am overwhelmed by the sweet and wonderful birthday wishes from all my friends ! Thanks to each and every one of you . Off to my \surprise birthday party\ " which Evann has talked to me about for two days ! She asked me if I would remember what she has told me because she really wants me to be surprised ! Must be old ! " 
It's going to be a beautiful day on Okaloosa Island ! Last minute road trips are the best ! 
Great day in Ft . < PROPMALE > . Way too much sea grass in the gulf , but would rather have sea grass than oil . Evann learned how to boogie board and is hooked . 
Local news from Destin reports that the oil will be affecting these beautiful sugar white beaches by Friday . So sad for the locals and the wildlife . Impact will be devastating on so many levels . :'( 
Gotta love a Gunga who takes the granddaughter shopping for school uniforms ........ even if it is with my debit card ! I greatly dislike shopping of any kind . 
Is anybody going to the waterpark Friday ? Evann ( and possibly a friend ) would like to go if they could hitch a ride . 
Evann's 2nd grade teacher is < PROPFIRST > Patterson . Anybody else ? 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for hosting a very fun party for an awesome group of 2nd graders ! We had a blast ! 
I like it on the front seat of the car . 
Six years ago today , my little wompus cat was placed in my arms in Nanchang , < PROPFEMALE > . I had no idea what an incredible journey we would take together since that day . God knew exactly which little girl was mine , and He miraculously matched us together ! Evann Yan-Ruan < PROPMALE > , you are a blessing , and I thank God for you EVERY day ! Happy Gotcha Day ! 
Shhh ! Just booked a birthday trip to Disney World for Evann's birthday in May ! Surprise ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to you and yours ! May your day be filled with family , friends , love , laughter , peace and joy ! Happy birthday , Jesus ! 
Income taxes done ! 
I am more than overwhelmed by all the many sweet and kind birthday wishes and greetings from all you ladies and gentlemen ! Thanks for making an old girl smile ALL day ! You're the best of the best ! 
Happy Chinese New Year ! 
It is guarded ........ and it's RED ! 
