Ausschuss 

Fragt sich wenn irgendein , das einer nicht Ausschuss ist 
In Leben sind Sie nur ein Leidtragender ebenso lange wie Sie belive es , so zu sein . 
just got a car ! 
back from copper river 
LMFAO - YES 
back from San < PROPFEMALE > 
back from meet 
NCIS LA 
I potrzeb ? polski koszule . s ? one zdatne wielkie 
Wie hat < PROPFEMALE > Sieg gemacht . Wir schlagen Zahl vier 
back from meet . Held captive to endless songs . 
Foam in Foam out 
If you have 3 quarters , 4 dimes , and 4 pennies , you have $1.19 . You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar . 
cant wait for friday 
is going to diseny tommorrow 
is back from diseny . 
is fighting hypothermia 
good look at region Varsity XC 
is fixing a powerwasher 
The < PROPFIRST > ' 172 ' can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar < PROPMALE > in the bushes at the base of the < PROPMALE > Memorial . 
rode home on top of < PROPFIRST > 
wish the XC seson was not over 
is washing paint out of hair 
had a good Sunday 
In the average lifetime , a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator 
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors . 
Crocodiles swallow stones to help them dive deeper . 
is going out on the lake 
worst idea ever , $ 2,000 Yamahaul engine broke . Got on island , fire wouldn't start . Starts to drizzle no big deal , just a little water . 10min later a monsoon emerges . So we are stuck on an island , in the dark , huddling around a useless fire , as a ocean of water falls on us . we then travel for 20min to dry ground , to arrive just in time for the rain to stop . Worst day ever . 
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672 . 
is glad school is out tommrow . Wish i could go to practice . 
is pumped for state 
is in a better mood 
fedor vs rogers 
is ready for tommarrow 
is ready for the XC banquet . Tonight is the best . 
Had a great seson with the team this year . Thanks alot guys , can't wait till next year . 
great day to run , for the committed . You know who you are . 
finale notepad 2010 
On the new hundred dollar < PROPMALE > the time on the clock tower of Independence Hall is 4:10 
I have millions of eyes , yet i live in darkness . I have millions of ears , yet only four lobes . I have no muscel yet i control two hemispheres . What am I ? 
Go on , get out - last words are for fools who haven't said enough . To his housekeeper , who urged him to tell her his last words so she could write them down for posterity . ~ ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , revolutionary , d . 1883 
Only two days of school this week . 
What does Aids feel like ? - Steedly 
Erntedankfest ist der ein Tag des Jahres ich habe angezogen Lauf und darf bis ich fühle krank essen 
is eating leftovers 
USC Won ! 34-17 
if you have been invited to my party , I would like to know if you will or will not be attending by Thursday . you can call , email , or send me a message on facebook . Thx 
hope everyone had a good time at my party . 
1941 ? 12 ? 7 ?????????????? 1 ? 
got to ware my tux ! 
is babysiting 
its cold 
hasent shaved since thursday 
is ready for exam week 
< PROPMALE > Shimabukuro is a beast . Ukulele master . 
I got to eat Brinner 
is ready for 2 weeks of R&R 
Christmas Shoping take forever . 
der Weihnachtswaffenstillstand 
< PROPFEMALE > comes tonight . 
hunting mask saved me from the cold . 
a man a plan a canal panama . it says the same thing spelt backwards . 
Ribs , and Steak ! 
\had a nice easy run today . \"" 
new sweats ! #3 
The length of a response is inversely proportional to the stupidity of its parent post . 
it is snowing . 
has mild hypotherma 
good party , good weekend . 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > basketball game ! 
Canada Vs . USA in mens hockey for gold . tied 2 to 2 in over time ! 
is sick of sun glasses ! 
pizza for breakfast . 
\Your sternum is the bone in the middle of your chest . \"- Tj Longshore \ " Where is my sternum ? \"- Lannon McCoy " 
has to get up early , befor the sun , on saturday ! 
Selection Sunday !! 
Its like Christmas , only less Jesus . 
nice warm weather for the meet !! 
hates being sick . 
is back from charlston ! 
laid down pine straw today . 
fish from 5-1 . sleep . go play soccar at ccp , eat at waffel house ( power outage ) . Good day . 
can't make up my mind on what to do . i hate big decisions . 
is going to < PROPFEMALE > beach . 
is on the deck of our beachfront condo . 
BREAK UP LINES Do you believe in love at first sight , how about misery after 3 years ? Hey I was just wondering , are you doing push-ups with your knees down ? Cause I don’t think this is working out . Hey is there a movie called other people ? Because that’s what I want to see , right now . Are your feet tired ? Cause you’ve been stomping on my dreams for a while . 
gets to celabrate the end of hsap testing by going to carowinds ! 
the intimidator at carowinds is insain ! 
sleepy head 
??????? 
Crab legs and crawl dads for dinner ! 
you smell good - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Murphy 
I will put all of my eggs in one basket , because they are my eggs and i will do with them as i please . - < PROPMALE > Nash 
loves a good thunderstorm after a day of deforrestation . 
watching the lax championship . 
started today with an 8 mile run , followed by spreading a 2,000 lbs . pile of dirt over a 1/2 acre of wooded land . 
actuly had a great time at a wedding . 
missed you . 
is going to bama tomorrow . 
\A girl definitely invented the word ' yay!' because no guy I know has ever used it . \"" 
needs to get out of this cage . 
can not wait for the lexington meet . 
will i stay or will i go ? 
hates being sick on a friday . 
If you are living for tomorrow , then your not living today . 
Good snap clemson !!!!!!!! War Eagle !!! 
waiting on something , not sure what but i know i am waiting on it . 
done packing ! now i wait . 
facebook needs a sketch button . 
needs something to do . 
every thing did . 
ip man is the best movie ever . 
A Victory without danger is a triumph without < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Corneille 
well i am the son of an Auburn grad , and a < PROPFEMALE > grad . this is going to be fun . 
all day ? 
My sins are soaked by the waters of his salvation . I may give in to temptation , but i will never be able to test his forgiveness . If i ever turn away , he will bring me in . If i < PROPFEMALE > upon him , he will lift to glories far beyond what i deserve . I may fail him more times than not , but he will never fail me . In Christ i will find love and salvation . If i'm not living through Jesus , then i'm not living at all . 
Disney - part 2 . 
Disney is all about the after hours . no lines . 
glad i'm half auburn . 
thank you everyone for all the happy birthday wishies . 
Your my boy Ranger ! Rep Ranger till the day i die ! RIP Rangr . 
It is going to be Biblical ! 
no delay for me .... hurra !!! 
All Day ? 
Sushi for lunch . It will be a good day . 
Chocolate milk . Can i say any more ? 
Water may be the basis of life , but Chocolate Milk is the purpose . 
When ever it eats a rat . - < PROPMALE > Lorick 
Walk around the club ! 
Logical decision of the week- sleeping outside on the ground . 
Your welcome Facebook 
Krispy Kreme for all 3 meals today . It was a good day . 
salmon , thats whats up . 
I love you more than anything on this earth , happy Valintines day < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Every day may not be a good day , but there's something good in every day . 
\thats easy\ " Shut up < PROPFIRST > Bress . " 
Procrastination might be the thing i do best . 
Is it wrong to hit a pedestrian with your car when you are running from a tornado ? not that i did . 
\But i'm not a poor person ! \"- Matthew Hite " 
\Larry Bird is always watching . \"- Thomas Fitzpatrick " 
have what you need , and want what you have . 
