My Babies and my niece 

Life is full of ups and downs . Its who you share those ups and downs with that matters most . No one will ever love and understand you like your family or who you see as family . Its ok to have falts when you are loved . 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
One more day to go . 
What a beautiful mess this is ! 
MMMMMM ...... PIZZA ! 
15 hours of overtime and still going strong ! 
Baby your my sun shine and like the < PROPFEMALE > you push it all away . 
Takling to the lawyer today . Wish me luck .... 
Everything went as well as could be expected . Still more to do . Thank you guys for the kind words it means more then you know ! 
Love you < PROPFIRST > ! Tell eveyone I love them to !!! 
Is it ever going to end ? One minute everything is ok the next its world war two . 
Makeing dinner for the kidos . Then sleep ! tomorrow is a big day . 
is missing my babies :-( 
is sleepy . 
is glad to have my babies back home !!! 
Ok so i heard my cat ( Drako ) screaming . I went to go see what the hell was going on and saw my cat hanging from the blinds by his back foot . He was all puffed up . Oh yeah , I had just gotten out of the shower and hadn't finished getting dressed when this happened . Not wanting to touch him with areas exposed I threw the towel from my head over him witch pissed him off more because he was now caught and wet . 
Its better to have loved and lost ........... Then to spend the rest of your life with a psyhco .... :-) 
Baby grils party was today had a blast !! 
is excited !!! my floor gets fixed tomorrow !!!! 
Sub floors and dry wall down .... Hard wood and tile to go !!!! :-) 
My hito is a Monkey ! MONKEY MONKEY MONKEY !! 
Thank you guys for the birthday wishes ! Had a wonderful day hanging out with the kidos . 
My head has kinda been in a fog lately . Im feeling much better today . My babies can lighten even the darkest rooms . I love my babies !!! 
Its time to pull myself out of this funk Ive been in lately !!!! 
MONKEY BUTT !!!! 
Divorced and my dog ran away ... Dam my life is starting to sound like a country song .... LMFAO 
Looking threw some old memories today .... 
Good night everybody !!! Back to work tomorrow ... 
I FOUND MY NIMAWAY !!!!!!! I tired to post her mug shot but it wouldn't let me :-( \ 
Silly dog she is getting fixed so maybe she'll stay in the yard now . 
My Nimaway Is home !!!! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB til Monday , Dec 6 . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 4 hours ago 
< PROPMALE > out with my cuz today with the kidos . I love my family !! 
IS BORED !!!!! 
Men always want to be a woman's first love . Women have a more subtle instinct : What they like is to be a man's last romance . \ 
-- < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
Say's MONKEY BUTT !! 
Is going dancing !!!! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > shits on pigens ... LOL 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well ..... Be a good sport and play along !! 
Is PISSED !!! Dont mess with my babies ! 
Took pictures with the kids today . Now I is tired . 
BLAH !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . Check out the Christmas pictures .. 
I need music !!!! 
Monkey butt !! 
singing ... woo you got that something ... boy i wanna be where you are , and i falling for you ... cant even fall for some other man cuz brother man ! you know how to get hip to my heart .... LOL 
Enjoying my < PROPFIRST > so much .... Like you babe ;-) 
My wrist is killing me :-( ouch ! 
My mom made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , saw me fall , cheered me on , kept me going strong , and drove me a little crazy at times . But moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom whom you love . ? 
I love my < PROPMALE > !! 
So in love with my < PROPMALE > ... 
If your Dad is a hard working man and is and always will be your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your Dad or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you can't replace your dad !!!! 
