is working slowly ... very slowly ... on essay #1 . gah 

Co-producing a Dir en Grey music vid ... debating the use of hot dogs for visceral organs . who ever said summer isn't productive ? 
black lipstick really stains your eyelids ... 
had some good fondu 
yay for celebrating the 4th of July on the 3rd ! 
One skatepark , one sleeping dude , and over 1000 photographs ... The Sleepwalker is complete ! ( watch on youtube or else ! ) 
I'm back from Flagstaff ! this weather is disgusting in comparison ... but < PROPMALE > Potter tonight yeah !!! 
trying to get a caffeine buzz from < PROPMALE > grey tea ... not working so well 
Calculus review packet for summer ! HAHAHA !!!! Wait ... it's not a joke ...??? 
Chandler Cinemas closing down ?!?! Nuhhh !!! Where is < PROPMALE > gonna go now ? 
Pre-assigned lockers ? What kinda BS is this ??? 
Saw < PROPMALE > . Burned my eyes out . It was worth it . 
Here's to hoping that calc packet isn't worth any points ... 
didn't realize i was walking on thin ice ... 
There's something just plain wrong-sounding with the new \Batman : Widening Gyre\ " title . WTF is a gyre anyway ? " 
5 < PROPFEMALE > anime episodes rock 
homecoming was OFF THE HOOK !!!! :D 
Going to Michigan tomorrow ! Be back in a week . 
I'm baaaack !!! what a great trip ! 
WEEKEND 
Epic weather ! 
psyched for saboten-con tomorrow ! 
is having computer problems :( tech meltdown 
Saw Cirque du Freak today ... had more fun re-dubbing it in the theater than actually watching it XD 
R.I.P. my poor philodendron 
If you like anime - watch Paprika ! 
Going to CANCUN for spring break !! :D 
Thank you , Eiichiro < PROPFEMALE > , for making my dreams come true ! 
I've decided to run away and join the Peace Corps to avoid paying back my student loans :D 
Last Night = wow 
Watching Kick-Ass instead of sitting in econ : priceless 
Finished my Poison < PROPFEMALE > costume - and it looks freakin awesome !!! CANNOT WAIT for Comicon !!! 
Real MSN Today headline : \What's a butt facial ? \ " Seriously ? " 
Attempting to catch up on the entire series of Avatar before the movie comes out : 3 down , 58 to go 
With Graduation and Comicon over , I now must integrate myself into normal society . T_T 
is going to NAU freshman orientation today through friday . 
Stop jinxing me , Taiwan ! 
got to play secret agent today . well , sort of . 
Few things are more disturbing than molting animatronic dancing cats . 
\View Photos of Me ( 666)\ " ... sick coincidence or what ! " 
Live for the adventure ! People who ask you if you want to see their spaceship ( metaphorical or otherwise ) will transform your mundane , mediocre life into a mind-bending trip filled with excitement and meaningful cosmic connections ! Do not let fear be the cause of missed opportunities ! No matter how fleeting , the most intense moments are what define life ! Jut say YES ! No regrets ! Haaaaaaaaa !!! Take that , reality . 
In need of some serious comic book therapy . Starlord - Annihilation : Conquest here I come ! 
I am having recurring strange dreams about going to college . Curse you , subconscious mind , for being so susceptible to anxiety yet so creative at the same time ! 
Packing , cleaning , and attempting to make a fruit tart : my final salute to housewifedom ! 
Bummer 
Just watched Jersey Shore for the first time . I think my brain just died . 
read a book . ( An actual work of literature this time , not a comic book I swear ! ) LeGasp ! 
Moving to Flagstaff today . Sayonara Phoenix ! 
Great techno + stereo sound , noise-cancelling headphones = HEAVEN 
Got out of lab early ! Nothing beats 2 hours of unforseen free time . 
Watching episode two of H.O.T.D. which took 3 hours to buffer . Ah , what sweet rewards come at such cost 
Tonight I crossed an anti-oppression picket line to attend the Dirt Nasty/Ke$ha concert . How the tables have turned . 
had an awesome bday ! thanks to every one who made this day extra fun , especially my great party-planning roommate !!! :D 
I just did homework for 8 1/2 hours straight . I AM A MACHINE !!! 
Weird vibe today ... everything got canceled :/ 
Beneath the clothes we find the man ... and beneath the man we find his ... nucleus 
Watched The Big Lebowski last night . Was overwhelmed by its hilarity . Had to hit pause to collect myself . 
Had a close encounter with a skunk today at the bike racks . Ran away . Avoided getting sprayed . 
home for the weekend ! 
Opened the window to hear a bunch of girls belting out an off-key rendition of \One Time\ " by < PROPFIRST > Bieber . Promptly closed the window . " 
I was having an obscenely frustrating day , but then I got a totally thoughftul cheering-up from < PROPFEMALE > M Carlson and everything was better !! So nice ! T_T :D <3 
Gah ! The word I was trying to think of two weeks ago just randomly popped into my head : sorghum . Thank you , brain , for the delay . -__- 
I am saddened by the absence of < PROPFIRST > Milliner ' s fantastically-fabulous snazzy-snappy personality in my life . 
Heading home tomorrow for Thanksgiving . 
I'm baaaaack . Call me , my Chandler peeps ! Let's < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
Nutella break before class ? I think YES . 
Powered by the music of Captain Squeegee I shall conquer these two final weeks of the semester !! 
It's 3:29 in the morning . I ask myself , why am I still awake writing my final portfolio ? I answer , because I am a ridiculous person . 
back for winter break - it's going to be a good one ! 
Finally got my hands on a copy of Green Lantern Blackest Night !! :D :D :D No thanks to Atomic Comics , which was sold out . Atomic Comics , store of consistency and dependability , how could you let me down ? T_T Must . Read . Immediately . 
Going to San < PROPMALE > tomorrow :D :D :D 
