yay Phone at work ..... dang it breaks over 

the wind sucks ! but hey got off early Cuz of weather 
Black = I hate you . \ 
Pink = your cute . Purple = I would date you . Blue = I did love you . Red = I\ 
do love you . Orange = I like talking to you . White = I really care about\ 
you . Silver = We're close . Green = You're Sexy . Yellow = I can't live\ 
without you . Put this as your status and see what colors you get . 
in pain , restless , and royaly fucked . maybe I am a bad guy ..... 
yay karaoke .... I still can't sing worth a dam though 
Describe me in 1 word using the third letter of YOUR name . this is fun . answer me then forward to 10ppl & c wat u get 
Why does life always have to piss you off ? Honestly ! Anyone have an answer cuz I sure as hell don't! ? 
Expensive day . Oh well it was delisious . 
Work kinda sucks when you finish earlyand have nothing to do . 
yay lunch 
son of a godforsaken little AHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hate my life ! 
work sucks today . too freaking hot for it . 
yay Brisk !!!!!!! 
How can dreaming about a great memory feel like such a nightmare ? 
If one dies completely alone are they missed ? And if they are missed does one care ? 
I'm gonna die 
Lost , alone , and cofused with one question on my mind . If tomorrow was your last day how would you spend it ? 
Ever notice how the answers to the most puzzling questions are usually right in your face but you don't notice them ' til they smack you ? It really hurts ! 
Time to get back to the basics . Just drop off the radar and chill with the ones I can trust . Lets see if I can't get back into the swing of the good old days . 
Time to get back to the basics . Just drop off the radar and chill with the ones I can trust . Lets see if I can't get back into the swing of the good old days ........... Yeah harder than I thought . Especially when I can't control what's on my mind ..... :( 
Guess the only way to be noticed and acknowledged anymore is to be what everyone knows and remembers me for . I wanted to give up being an ass and go back to being the nice guy . All I can say is Fuck that and Fuck you . 
rotflmfao 
good night for a Walk 
stupid ghost bus 
seat belts fucking hurt ! 
why do people complain to me about being sober ? what am i supposed to do about it ? 
Would it be bad for hitting someone telling me to deliver a threat to my best friend ? 
PW is freaking addicting !!!!!!!! 
Eh ..... life sucks at times ...... But not as much as blind dating !!!!!!!!!!!! 
SCREW BOARD GAMES !!!!!!!! 
Still hates bind-dates !!!!!!! 
