So ... I can officially say that 2010 is not really anything special .... 2012 , now that will be cool . I will finally be able to take the day off of work for the end of the world . lol . 

GOD ! the Navy is STUPID ! 
Enjoying a drink in Bangor , Maine . I never cease to be amazed by the kindness of strangers to servicemembers . 
Djibouti ... well , it doesn't exactly suck , but it is like walking around in an oven , and my sleep schedule is jacked . On the upside , I have my bike , I will have plenty of time to go to the gym , and I will never be late for work . On the down side , they made 
Well , I didn't make Chief , and I am no longer the LPO ( apparently I'm arrogant , among other things ) , but at least I got the orders I wanted . 8th & I , here I come ... now I just have to get through living the next 8 months in what feels like the left armpit of the world . 
SO ... it rained tonight . That was wierd . I was under the impression that rain was , like , impossible in Djibouti this time of year ; it just never gets cool enough for the water to condense ... El Nino , I'm tellin ya . 
is reading The Case for Mars by < PROPFIRST > Zubrin . In case you've never heard of him , he's the guy who figured out how to send people to Mars , on a legitimate scientific mission , not just flags and footprints , back in the late eighties and early ninties , using 1960's < PROPFEMALE > technology , for 11% the cost of the plan that was originally put forth by NASA during the same time frame . Genius . 
Just had a great time with my daughter at her school on her birthday . Moes for dinner , then Busch Gardens tomorrow ... when will I find time to finish my homework ? Ah , the trials of R&R , neither restful nor relaxing , but still good . 
Breathe .... 
There is suffering . There is a cause for suffering . There is an end to suffering . There is a way to the end of suffering . 
I never thought that the phrase \I'll think about it . \ " could possibly sound so good . " 
Fatboy Slim's \Weapon of Choice\ " ... arguably the best music video ever made . " 
3 hours or so till I have to leave for the airport . The only thing to look forward to over the next 2 days will be Castle Frankenstein ( I hope ) . 
You know what ? Thanksgiving loses a bit of its luster when you're getting a divorce , stuck in the left armpit of the world , AND you have given up meat .... AND WHATS THE DEAL WITH NO PUMPKIN PIE ? It's a conspiracy , I tell ya ! 
so .... yeh ... 25 < PROPMALE > may have been a bit much for my first time back on the bike in < PROPMALE > in a few months . I am gonna have to invest in a CASE of powergels . 
TDY kicks arse .... 2 days in Germany , long layover in London ... all on the government dime . My only question is how come Kid Rock and < PROPFIRST > Mencia come to do a show for the troops in Germany , but in Djibouti we get someone's kid brother's garage band ? I'm just sayin . 
Does it make me a dirtbag Sailor that , if they would take me , and give me guaranteed orders to Bolling AFB , I would switch to the Air Force in a heartbeat ? 
So , yeah ... aparently the Air Force thinks that the Navy equivalent to their Independent Duty Medical Technician is not an Independent Duty Corpsman , but rather , a Hemodialysis Technician . right . 
I just realized , I am about to get on a plane with 4point leather restrains in my luggage . In Germany . This could be interesting . 
Oh yeah , and 7 months worth of NuvaRing .... HA ! 
Is London bound . 
OK ... so , I'm not QUITE London bound , yet . Apparently I inadvertently set my watch back to Djibouti time ... and I am 2 hours early for my airport shuttle . Doh ! 
is wondering if it will be worth the gastronomic * ahem * difficulties I will have to endure if I opt to have fish & chips . 
So ... back in Djibouti . Say hello to dysthymia . 
If you are annoyed by the fact that it has been 40 years since we made the space travel equivalent of going to the corner 7-11 , and stopped doing even that less than 10 years later ... sign the petition found here . www.HumansToMars.org 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ( although it should be in September ) . I miss you all . At least I don't have to deal with sickies today . 
Delaying finishing my homework .... odd , I love being in school , but I hate doing the homework . 
So yeh ... sleep . I should have gotten some . Too late now . Coffee will be my friend tomorrow . 
so .... tired .... of Africa . 
So , it's official ... I'm a masochist . In the past week I have both reenlisted and registered for the < PROPFEMALE > Corps Marathon . Now I just need to learn how to run ... 
Finished watching \Firefly \"; the greatest TV show that barely was . " 
55 
Looks like I got ahead of myself ... 52 . 
31 
27 
13 
Bahrain . 
Sicily . 
Spain . 
San Dog .... 
Happiness is a belly full of fish tacos and a used book store . 
Next to last flight .... Thank goodness . 
3.6175 ; not good enough to graduate with honors , but then again , neither was my level of effort . It WILL suffice for just about any Masters program in the country , though . 
Three and a half years ago , I couldn't even spell graduwat , now I are one ... 
Wow , and here I thought no one liked me . Wait a sec ... how many of you do I still owe money too ? 
I don't post much ... but this is important : Contact your Congressperson at ( 202 ) 225-3121 , and ask them to vote NO on HR 5781 , set to be debated on the floor tomorrow . This < PROPMALE > would authorize NASA to spend 5x as much money transporting astronauts onboard Russian spacecraft as they would spend developing domestic commercial spaceflight capabilities . If you feel strongly about this , spread the word . Thanks ! 
So ..... Sleeeeeeeepy . 33 days left . 
For all of my friends who don't know ... I am in the middle of the process of becoming a very different kind of Sailor . Please don't get offended if I don't have the time to say much to you at the moment ... I barely have time to handle the small stuff right now , like dishes and laundry . 
Ah ... 5 20 hour days so far this week , looks like another one tomorrow , too . GET SOME ! 
Dang ... it feels good to be a gangster . 
has joined millions in exercising the final guarantor of our rights . 
