Kid countdown : seven days and counting ... or as my daughter puts it \That's one less than eight\ " ... she's six and such a little smartypants . " 

Just saw \The Proposal\ " this evening ... very funny . And < PROPFEMALE > Bullock is amazingly hot ... hard to believe she is 45 now . Whew ! " 
Making chocolate chip cookies ( ahead of time ) for the kids .... gotta have sweet treats !! 
Mmmm ... \There and Back Again\ " and no worse for the wear . And the kids are discovering all their toys again . Doesn't get much better than this ... wait a minute ... or does it ? " 
Great day a Cedar Point with the kids .... until it started raining ( late in the day ) . Can't say how much fun it is to see kids ride their first roller coaster ... simply incredible !! 
gettin ' ready for the block party . It's our annual neighborhood craziness . 
Long day at the Detroit Zoo ... way cool !! And the < PROPMALE > animatronics is pretty awesome . 
went to the < PROPMALE > Paisley concert . Righteous , dude !! Actually , it was a lot of fun ! I have got to do that again !!! 
has to go back to work today after two weeks of vacation ... < sigh > , but still gets to enjoy having his kids around for six more weeks !! Yeah !!! 
never really thought much about what its like or what it means to be a parent . Its kinda cool ... and I really like it . It helps to have awesome kids , too . < Just lucky I guess > 
had a frustrating morning , a reassuring and positive afternoon ... and really enjoyed being with his kids at the end of the day . And on that high note , \G'nite ... and thank you \"." 
Long weekend with the kids .... found out that my youngest ( age 2 ) must be part fish ... first in water other than the bath , and he is \swimming\ " like a pro . Just amazing !! To bad the summer is coming to a close here soon . " 
was just wondering .... how many mosquito bites can one person get before it is considered TORTURE !!! Yeeeeeooooow !!! 
' s daughter [ Kaitlynn ] is going in for a tonsillectomy ( and adenoidectomy ) on Friday .... she is nervous ; her brothers [ ages 4 & 2 ] were absolutely horrible today with their behavior ... rarely does it reach such levels . I am thinking this ... is unvoiced fear and concern for their sister . They are all very close . 
and the kids are off to the Renaissance Festival to see kings , princesses and jesters ... oh and horses & jousting ! Did I mentioned face painting and magic ? 
... for those who think peeing standing up is soooo convenient ... remember there is a learning curve and unfortunately is challenged at 2AM with urgency ! I got ithe puddle and him all cleaned up and back in bed in a jiffy . Whew !!! 
My oldest boy ( age 4 ) has discovered that he really likes PB & J with a slice of Am Cheese in it ... oh and chocolate milk , too . Interesting .... 
Up early packing for the kids ... and tonight is the long drive to take them home . Gonna be sad ... won't see them again till Thanksgiving . 
had a really good time at the < PROPMALE > Rucker ( formerly of Hootie and the Blowfish ) concert ... he puts on a good show . 
has discovered that while riding a mechanical bull is REALLY fun ( even sober ) , the muscle aches the next day are not so . Can anyone say \please pass the Motrin \"?" 
is feeling nostalgic and needs a Beatles fix .... or maybe some CSNY .... something pre-80's puh-leeeez . 
really doesn't like that achey tryin-to-get-sick feeling that always comes with a change in seasons . Blek !!! 
discovered that golfing is kinda fun ... it helps if you are also drinking beer and smoking cigars with great people , but fun nevertheless . Thanks < PROPMALE > ... 
finally got the sprinklers \winterized\ " !! Geeez !! Soooo not ready for Winter ... much less Fall . < sigh > " 
is listening to classical guitar and reviewing ... they say such music increases your brain power ... whoa feel the rush !!!! < smirk > Yeah right !! 
is West bound and down , eighteen wheels are rollin ' , I'm gonna do what they say can't be done . I've got a long way to go and a short time to get there . I'm west bound , just watch this \Bandit\ " run . " 
is just thinking how \anticlimactic\ " things are becoming . I guess it is time for some new adventure to embark on .... " 
is gonna go explore the outer limits of adrenaline and fear at Cedar Point tomorrow ... should be simply wicked !!! 
is very tired tonight . To much adventure maybe ? Naaaah !! Not enough coffee !! 
.... Some months are tougher than others .... this month is wearing on me a bit . It is still a productive and interesting month , nonetheless . 
... To my friends , thank you for simply being who you are .... You are appreciated . 
Ever have one of those days .... don't feel like doing much of anything ... and don't care much either . Ooooh Blah !!! 
In Rochester ... for a few weeks ... doin ' the OB thing ... very excited . Oh did I mention its less than 30 days now ..... Yippeeeee !!! 
is busy , busy delivering babies this month ... so far four in two days . The attendings are good and the residents very helpful . It's awesome !! Definitely a good choice in coming here !! 
is going to \night float\ " for L&D tonight for the coming week . This should be interesting ! Hopefully lots of deliveries . " 
... baby count . Up to ten thus far : three last night . And had some really good educational discussions with the OB resident ( ie lessons learned the hard the way kinda stuff ) . I like it !! 
is heading into the final stretch ... six 13 hour nights in L&D . Should be awesome !! Baby count ... 30 deliveries in 3 weeks . 
Mmmm ... 13 hrs of night shift ... 5 deliveries ... and a gazillion progress notes . It's time for bed . G'day . 
thinks life after residency ROCKS !! Who would've thunk that juggling five trauma victims could actually be kinda cool .... 
Finally figured out how to get FB on my phone . Horseback riding lessons today ... horse : 1 me : 0 . Ended up in the dirt after a short gallup . Ah well ... :-) 
At Wisconsin Dells for the last weekend before the kids ( all of them ) start school ! Oh its gonna be a new world after that ... lookin ' forward to it . 
First day of school for the kids ... went well : no emotional upheavals , no traumas or dramas .... gonna be a good year . 
Horseback riding lessons : started riding bareback to develop better control . Kinda fun , but tough the junk if you know what I mean . 
My two oldest are taking riding lessons as well .... with saddles ... in case you were wondering . 
... I know this is really just a bit of silliness , but I was just reflecting on some new friends , some old friends and some friends I haven't haven't heard from in awhile . They do hold a specialplace place in your life ... in your heart . They give you a sense of grounding , a sense of reality ... a sense of truth . Thank you so very much . 
is discovering that he works way to much lately ... it is sad when when the highlight of my day is getting home so I can sleep . Oooooh boy . Guess I will have to change things up again . < wink > 
cleated the the drive with a snow blower and shovel ... still took 1 1/2 hours . Was just thinking what a unique experience it is to have your mustache get all icy and frozen Hmmm Kinda cool . 
On call in the ER again this weekend .... get to sleep at home , see my kids , make banana nut muffins ... and zip in to the ER to take care of people . La < PROPFEMALE > loca , baby . La < PROPFEMALE > loca . 
I love technology ( sometimes ) .... it makes me smile when I can assign funny-silly ring tones to my friends and family . Then , there are those other moments with my computer ... we won't go there . It's not a happy place . < wink > 
