Ready for School !! 

College is killing me .... taking all my energy away 
I hate raining day 
zzzz ........ I need more sleep ...... but school time is one . 
I think my car's passenger seat is down ......... ruined my day 
Finally it is done .... at least it is worth it ..... 
why does it has to rain all the time ...... 
i NeEd gOod SleEp !!! 
It is finally chinese new year haha wish everybody happy new year ! 
Ready to do my essay ~~~ 
finaaally it is done 
Still working on my brochure ..... 
It is finally done . Now , I can have a nice sleep ... 
Finally , the exam is done .. i have a feeling that i made a 90+ But my past experience is telling me that my feeling is often wrong ... 
I screw up ..... 
i am losing faith 
Why care so much ??? just let it flow .. 
one more exam to go ..... 
going to my math class .... 
last class haha ...... can't wait ... the break is just around the corner .. 
Full time job + 4 classes = ??? 
just came out of gym .. feeling good after playing pain ball . 
Can anybody find jonny < PROPMALE>'s actual obituary for me ?? 
OMG ...... Now I will have to rewrite my essay ..... 
is ready to eat . 
is ready to work and finish the day 
I just pass the writing sample .... one more step , and i will be outta this class . haha 
is in his last class and ready to go home 
has totally forget about his project .... 
needs a long vacation ...... 
is allergic to the afternoon sunshine !!!!! 
' s day been ruin by someone ...... 
today is not good for anything .. but I think I will be fine 
hates grammar ....... but compass exam for writing is on next week .. 
has three more essays to write during the weekend ....... 
is nearly broke ... bankruptcy is right around the corner from him .... 
is ready for the last final exam of this semester 
just finished all his final ... Good day for him .... 
time is passing slowly and I am bored 
I guess the summer is over for me .... 
Does anyone knows what are the classes that required for psychology < PROPMALE > ??? 
hates writing essay on a exam ............. 
Try to get his essay done ... But something stupid is bothering him ... \ 
He just want a quite moment , gosh , is that too much to ask for ... 
I guess i picked the right < PROPMALE > ...... 
Exam tomorrow ..... 
is sitting in his history class .... waiting for the exam to get back .. 
I think i just bomb my test ....... 
I am on Skreeky now ! ( channel = Facebook ) . Message sent from my Skreeky app . Download at http://skreeky.com/download . 
can't sleep , but gotta get up at 6 tomorrow ... someone save me !!! 
my math class is going to be 3 freaking hrs .. gosh , I'm not ready for 
got a A in my history class , haha 
Can someone explain to me the differences between personality and character ???? 
is turning into a grade junky ....... 
Personality to character is as same as diploma to capability . 
done with my review sheet for math\ 
now moving to english essay .... \ 
when are the all the works going to end ????? \ 
...... I just want some free time ... 
is stuck in the library because he has no umbrella !!!!!!! 
have no idea he is having an exam today 
Why does the darn rain always has to start when I am trying to leave the damn library ?????? 
Does anyone knows a biology professor name < PROPFIRST > G . Swift ???? 
one more week of school ....... 
Next week is not the last week of school for summer !!!!! 
Just had a 14-hour nice and long sleep ...... The world suddenly look so good !!! 
I need to get this essay half way done tonight !!!!!! 
i'm almost there , just one more body paragraph !!! 
is trying to proofread his essay ...... What a boring job !!!!!!! 
Done with the compass Haha !!!!!! 
I am so sick of the weather !!! It is so darn hot !!! 
I finally dropped my english class on fall , HAHA 
Woke up at 7:30 , trying to get the class he want , but the darn class was still full lol 
Now , I'm having all freaking 4 classes in two days(TR) !!! 
Still changing his schedule ~~~~~ 
I hope I will pass all the 6 classes on the fall ~~~~~~ Someone wishes me good luck !! 
It is good to drive on the side of highway that does not have a traffic that is moving like a turtle . 
I am ready for school ~~~ 
I hate listening to a professor talking about his syllabus for the whole class period !! 
my freaking books costed me 750 dollar !! 
School is going to continue for 115 days and 20 hrs ...... So let the countdown starts ~~~~ 
has so much too read for tomorrow's classes ... Hates them 
I wish teacher will take an hour to finish her attendance sheet 
this year , half of my professors don't teach .... 
boring convocation . fortunately , it was only half hour ! 
I think both of my biology classes are teaching the same thing .. haha 
why do all the professors want to do stuffs at the same time ... I just don't understand ... all my classes are having their first exam and essays due on 8 and 9 of next month . 
I am going to ace all my classes this semester with NO EXCEPTION !!!!! I promise !!!!!! 
My math professor better not pass the staff evaluation form out to the class at the end of the semester !!!! 
< PROPMALE > favors the prepared mind\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Pasteur 
I am adding people on Skype . If you have one , hit me up ... 
people who do not know how to drive need to stay away from highways !!!! 
this is totally unacceptable !!!! 
Writting a freaking letter to my professor ! 
The circle is still there !!!! lol 
Just received two exact grades on both of my biology classes ! Weird but happy :) 
The sun needs to move out of the way so that the clouds can take over ! 
Have a cup of coffee sitting right in front me , but not sure I should drink or not ~ 
Guess what ? Coffee helps me get sleepier ! 
I am sick :( 
Anybody has any ideas about how to solve writter's block ?? I hate writing essay !!! 
18 credit hours next semester , let me know if anybody wants to take some classes together ~ 
Darn ... I guess I will need to live with it ... What a life :( 
Finally finish all my registrations .. haha , glad that i am done :) 
It is going to be a long night ~ ~ 
heeeeeeey ! < PROPFEMALE > has taken over :) :) haha 
Sitting in a plane heading to new york ! I just freaking love my days off :) 
So much memories flashed back at once , but they were simply representing the past ; things don't come back after they pass you no matter how much you miss them . 
I'm sick of being sick .......... 
new year's < PROPFEMALE > ???? but how come I just don't feel any thing about it :( 
worst day ever .. 
Just got a ticket for driving 68 on 19/41 , I can't believe this !!!! 
my math book was stolen by some idiots during jogging class . what a SOB ! 
This thing is so freaking cool !!! \ 
http://to.pbs.org/fzrHyv 
I really don't understand what my math professor is talking about :( 
I hate afternoon sunshine !!!!! makes me drowsy 
installed Facebook for Windows Phone 
ready to get my first test grade in chemistry back , hope I will survive from it ;) 
I think I accidentally throw my lab data sheet away yesterday night :( 
Cut myself while sleeping , how the heck does that even happened ?? 
Has anybody taken Principles of Macroeconomics yet ? 
What’s on your mind ? :) 
why am I so stupid ? 
anybody wanna come out of the closet with me ? 
Aleaha get off my darn facebook !!!! 
My account Got hacked by this evil sitting next to me lol !!!! 
I really need to stay away from my laptop !!!!!! 
