If I could go back in time and do it all again ..... I wouldn't 

sitting in a lecture class .... * sigh * 
Not looking forward to him being in the same state as me again 
Found an awesome friend and have been spending time getting to know him . Whatever I had to go through to get to this point suddenly seems worth something . 
doesn't want the stress anymore . good thing I'm reaching back out to God now ! 
I finally found my own place !! Going to check it out at 5 today ! God Bless ME ! 
is going out of town this weekend ! I'm excited about this ... gonna be emersed in nature and I'm gonna be CAMPING so it's about dang time something happened like this . Had to take 3 days off of work which is gonna sting on my check , but I believe that I really need this time to get away . Good luck to me ! :) 
So this weekend ? Yeah , took the whole weekend off to spend time with a special person and WHAMO right down on my arse ! Guess I can get other stuff done this weekend . Might not be as much of a blast as it was gonna be , but let's not let it be a waste of days off . Why are all guys so ..... nevermind .... 
Well wait ... he wasn't really special I guess . It just would have been a special time cuz it was supposed to be a fun time for my birthday ... camping , fishing , 4-wheeling ... you know . I was just extremely disappointed ! 
I saw the dude tonight . You know , the one I was interested in . He cried because he had to let me go .... didn't see that one coming ! :( 
Why can I not get a f***ing break !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why in the hell are you doing this ! I know you love her but God is love , and if God is love , is what you're feeling really love at all ? 
What am I supposed to do ... God help me !! 
Friday night I went The Refuge for a rock concert and as I was wearily praying for my friend on mth , God said that I don't have to worry about him anymore . He'll take care of him . I felt a huge weigt lift and I broke down in tears . I was so thankful ! Today I found out that my friend got caught and is now back in jail . The crazy thing is ... they caught him Friday night . 
Got a presentation to give today on rBGH injection in cows . Don't ever want to drink milk again . Anyone for some Almond Breeze ? 
Wishing that my procrastination was a good thing .... 
GOT MY LICENSE BACK ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
I need more friends on Fishville and Country Life . Will you please help me out ?? 
Love is Pain 
Anticipation can get to ya !!! 
No letter today .... :( 
If you love something , let it go . If it comes back , it was meant to be :) 
Got his second letter . It was wonderfl ! :) Can't wait to visit him !!! 
When God builds you up , the world tries to tear you down . It's your choice on whether or not to let it . God - give me strength ! 
pink and black 
Visiting people in prison .... hmmmm .... don't know what quite to expect but I guess I'll find out soon ! 
Going to the Refuge Rock concert !!!!!! My brother is definitely going with me ! So excited ! 
http://www.pelourinho.com/movies/c003702/ Can you do this with the simplist drawing program ?? 
1st Corinthians Chapter 13:1 If I speak with the languages of men and of angels , but don't have love , I have become sounding brass , or a clanging cymbal . 
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xbol51_parkour-motion-reel_creation 
New job , new home , prison visit , no money .... Life has its up's and down's ... Lets have a few more ups shall we ??? 
Prison visits turned out not to be too bad . I may have a new job :) Got my check ... small small small ! Life seems to be coming together finally !!! Thank God !!! 
How can it rain when the sun was so bright ? I'm standing in the rain , weathering the storm . Where's the rainbow ? I have to see it soon ... and when I do , it will be worth it . 
No freaken way ! We just had a mini earthquake ! Please tell me you felt it too !!! 
Got a prison made card in the mail from my < PROPFIRST > . It was rather sweet !!! Wasn't expecting it so I am WAY SUPER EXCITED about it ! 
I'm trying to search for friends but nothing is coming up under the search !! What in the heck is going on !! 
I went outside last night and shot off the new weapon with my Dad ! I had a blast ! Dogs , watch it ! 
Sick again . Does it never end ?? 
Got a < PROPFEMALE > the other day and I got to go out to the movies ! I also got to chill in a quiet spot and I got a hug ! Looking back , it's okay I'm sick , cuz I had a great time . 
Don't let ' em say you ain't beautiful . They can all get f***ed , just stay true to you . 
Got my Culinary Arts Degree in the mail yesterday ! Freaken right ! That shit aint weak ! 
I reunited with one of my best friends ! Oh happy day ! 
I miss my man and it's driving me NUTS and I'm getting irritated cuz I NEED HIM HERE !!! 
Please pray for me to listen to and gain wisdom in these times I'm stumbling through . I fear that God's voice is only an < PROPFEMALE > to me now . 
\I don't think marriages berak up because of what you do to each other . They break up because of what you must become in order to stay in them . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Matthau " 
Sitting by a fire in my own living room ... priceless ! 
Got internet and cable in the apartment today ! whoop WHOOP !!! 
Smiled through 40 laughs and cried through 40 tears . 
Being alone just kills me ... but nothing to do about it . It has to be done . 
When life bites you in the butt , turn around and see what it was that hurt you ! 
Smile ! You never know who's watching ! 
The concert was FUN ROCK ON 
Hallelujah grace like rain , falls down on me . 
I can only imagine what it will be like to approach Jesus in Heaven , see him smile and embrace me like a father who has been longing for his child to come home from war . 
Had a VERY interesting day . VERY ... wow - 
You've got a couple more hours to wish me a happy birthday before it's belated ! LOL 
When you're 3 years old : \My mom is the best ! \ " \ 
Had an awesome time at Thai < PROPFEMALE > tonight with my family . Brother < PROPMALE > , thank you SO MUCH for all the SUSHI ! You always take care of me :) I love you all :) 
Burnt my peas I was going to snack on . Where has my mind gone ? Big day tomorrow .... 
Built a fire . Listening to rock jams . Got prep done to make some Chinese food . Got me some tasty drink in my hand ... much needed day off !!! THANK YOU GOD ! 
A little girl just asked me , \Where does music come from ? \ " What would you have said ? " 
Three eggs , two pieces of toast and a bowl of cereal ... now that's a delicious dinner ! 
The wait is almost over :) 
Laugh Anyway ! 
Hey EVERYONE ! I don't have ANY < PROPFIRST > in my phone ! Please message me either on here or if you've got my number , text me your < PROPFIRST > PLEASE ! Thank You ! 
Can't wait to get all my stuff packed and ready to go !!! 
I've come to find that only one man will ever really love me for me , and I should never forget that !!!! 
Still looking for an apartment that's affordable and close to work ... any suggestions ? I work on the NW side . 
A lettuce sandwich , PB & J , and a little Reese's Puffs cereal , I'm full . 
Why do I always have one hell of a time with just about EVERYTHING !!! 
FML 
:( 
Had one of the best < PROPFIRST>'s Day ever ! Thanks babe ! 
MOVING !! Will be offline for a while . TTYL !!! 
Gettin started again takes a lot of time , money and < PROPFEMALE > . No internet yet but hopefully soon ! 
