is doing pretty good . Glad my mom came home yesterday from the hospital , so just helping her around the house . currently listening to ipod and enjoying the last of my break . :D 

I am supertired from the plane ride over from < PROPFIRST > . Although I am sad my European adventure is over now . I had so much fun . 
I am sad about my Europe trip being over . I had so much fun with the SC and Montana kids . I just hope we can do another trip together . Also I am sad over < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s death . May he rest in peace and may God bless his family and three kids . <3 
Just finished the Photo Journal at Panraven on my Europe trip ... I still really miss Europe . Although I am currently trying to find frames for all my < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > things for my memory wall ... guess now I will go listen to him on my IPod , most likely the 
Booked my dad's trip to Buffalo . Now putting the finishing touches on my < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > memory wall in my room . I am going to put on my IPod and listen to him with my favorite songs like \Give In To Me\ " \ " P . Y . T\ " \ " Human Nature\ " \ " Dirty Diana\ " and so on . OH ! " 
Finished my room organizing today and put up my < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > memory wall . I am so happy ! Now I will listen to my favorite songs most likely \ Give IN To Me ! \ " Yeah ! " 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > memory wall is up and room is beautiful . Now I am really tired and going to bed falling asleep to MJ . Good Night . Ciao < PROPFEMALE > ! ( Still miss Europe ! ) 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and going to start application process for college . I really miss Europe and need to find a way back to < PROPFEMALE > . 
is not happy about school schedule coming in today , but will relax . I will start to listen to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and start scrapbooking my 600 pictures from Europe . I need a european vaca . with all the stress of college and school starting soon ..... 
Just got back from the < PROPFIRST > Archeluta/Demi Lovato Concert with eight year old neighbor . It was fun and I had a great time . Now I will head to bed putting on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! Ciao ! 
has busy schedule this weekend : shopping , gym , painting , movie with < PROPFEMALE > , scrapbooking , college essay , and of course while all this happens listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! Miss him and Europe so much ... Ciao ! 
is tired . Trying to decide what to do tonight . Most likely a movie either < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Live Dangerous Tour or something else . I wish I could go to Vienna to see the tribute concert . 
Going to bed with a smile on my face ... gotta get up early tomorrow . Good Night ! Ciao < PROPFEMALE > ! Aurevoir ! 
alrighty ! I am seriously confused by certain messages from ppl , but I am excited as well . 
is going to go watch Twilight tonight and then sleep in ..... super excited !!!!!! Ciao < PROPFEMALE > ! 
just talked to a friend in Egypt ... even though I think the calling card ran out ... LOL ! 
is tired from school and now stupid brother broke wrist during football ... great ... what's new . We are HAUDRICOURT'S ..... always have bad luck .. 
is in a pretty good mood !!!! 
Whew ... 2 many connections . Talking to Montana and London @ the same time ...! 
is happy bc the more ppl u know and talk 2 , the more u discover who u really are ! 
just came back from a walk . Man it is hot outside , but pretty . Guess I am ready for fall to feel a little more of a breeze ... 
is happy and tired at the same time . plus sad bc no plans for 2night !!!! yeah ! 
is still tired , but awake enough to do something . Now just really bored ! 
just finished watching Point of Life . was pretty good with < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > Crowe . Now I dont know what 2 do ! 
doesn't feel good and is going 2g take a nap . But will stay online ! 
is listening to xm radio + wonders who in the hll is picking the music . It's terrible . LOL ! 
doesn't feel good , but apparently it isn't just me . Somethings going around .. 
has two songs going through my head . One about pokemon and one about some sort of party .... i think .... This is Ridiculous !!!! LOL 
Is so confused .... I feel like I did something wrong , but can't figure it out .... I'm Clueless ! 
I just dont get it ... 
is feeling a lot better ! 
is talking to some friends and the jiggly puff song still remains . I HATE THIS !!!!!!! LOL ! LOL ! 
is up very early ... couldn't sleep ! Alot is on my mind ! 
Toooooo Much . Going into Overload , Shut Down Mode . LOL ! 
Long day wz up @ 5am ... but now wide awake ! 
Doing psychology work and is frankly a little bored this weekend ... I need something fun to do or someone to talk to ... LOL ! 
is bored . Doesn't know what 2 do ... LOL ! 
plans just changed tonight ... and now has nothing to do .... I'm quite bored ! LOL ! 
anyone want to go to a paramore concert on october 27th 
statistics is driving me crzy !!!!!!!!!! I can't figure out if I am right or wrong ......... urgh !!!!!!!!!!!! 
just finished watching the 1937 version of Wuthering Heights .... it is so bitter sweet . My heart feels for Heathclife 
Doing everything , but making way for One Tree Hill !!! I'm becoming an addict !!! LOL ! 
Finished watching One Tree Hill . It was when Peyton and < PROPMALE > get married . It was so sweet , but left off with a < PROPMALE > hanger . I'm n aww .. Well going to go to sleep and sleep on it ... LOL ! Ciao ! 
I need a new hobby or something to be obsessed about . It's so boring !!! 
lol ! I looked up to see how many < PROPFEMALE > Haudricourt's in the world there were and guess what ! There's only one me !!! LOL ! Typical !!! 
just finished watching The Duchess . Amazing movie , of course I always get emotional . It is based on a true story . 
Is awake and bored . Have nothing to do this weekend . 
Just got the New < PROPFEMALE > movie tickets for the midnight showing !!! Yeah !!!! 
very bored ................................................................................... 
the only thing I can do is watch movies and listen to songs that describe my mood right now . LOL ! You'd think this weekend wld be more exciting . 
is very bored this weekend and need something to do ! 
needs suggestions on what to do ...! 
is extremely , out of her mind , bored ! 
became so bored that I created the < PROPFEMALE > ingles pig tails with my own hair . It is quite funny and a big amusmant to my family ... LOL ! ( I look like I'm three ) LOL ! 
misses alot of ppl and wld like to travel to see them . Songs remind you of them . Like the Goo Goo Dolls who r from Buffalo , NY like me ... i miss my fam . 
i'm online , but not online .. lol . so txt or call if u want to talk . will be going back to sleep in a minute . wz up early ... lol 
kinda bored and lonely . 
idk what to thnk anymore . I am becoming so confused w ppl . besides that my status is bored , comme ce , comme ca . and kinda lonely . lol 
has a wicked headache , probably from the things i can't stop thinking about .. 
good nite . all ... mght be on tomorrow 9909 or might not . probaly not . so see u soon . lol 
just got a new phone !!! Is feeling better . and is very excited to see < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow !!! ( but not excited about ACT ) .. lol 
having Fun at < PROPFEMALE>'s House !!!! 
just got up from a 3 hr nap . wz busy day w paper . I had so much fun w < PROPFEMALE > last night !!! Now getting ready to watch the VMA's . Ciao ! 
OMG !!! The New < PROPFEMALE > trailer 3 looks awesome ... I am so glad I got the midnight tickets for Nov . 20 !!! LOL ! ( The MJ Tribute wz really great too ! ) VMA's are awesome ....! 
is tired of not speaking her mind just to spare someone elses feelings when they r not sparing mine . Its not good for me to hold all these things in , and its going to make me burst . So I'm giving in and if u don't like it well fine then . It's like < PROPFEMALE > says , \ Ive come this far in life with out you and I can keep going with or without u ! " 
why am i always the one getting hurt . Really I am always the good friends who will do anything for them , but nothing seems to come in return . So this is why I am particular about friends , and don't consider having any such thing as a best friend ... unless u count my seven furry four legged friends , bc they will love u unconditionaly no matter what ! 
is in a pretty good mood . This week is going great work wise . Let's hope the social status improves .... plz god !!! LOL ! 
Accept what life gives u , bc it isn't always great . These experiences are shaping me to the person I want to be . I can hold my own and I will remain strong , for something good will come in the future for me and it is what I look forward to the most , what life will give me .... 
a song's lyrics can describe yr soul . 
MISSING alot of ppl right now ! is going to try to settle and calm down for awhile and take my mind off some things . 
is going to be better . I will give myself some time and treat myself for a change to some things . I do everything for others and now I need to be selfish and enjoy me !!! LOL ! 
very cold today . ive been shivering and twitching .... not a good felling whatsoever . 
is currently watching V . Diaries and very happy !!! (for once this wk ) . Okay gotta go back then study econ . then early bed .... Hopefully tomorrow will be a better day and the weekend will follow ! 
really tired , but still in a great mood from english ysterday ... lol(kate+frank)lol ! Now is going to wrk on psy , gov , and econ . Will hopefully be an okay day !! 
finally finished all the hw . Now can relax the rest of the night and all i hv to do tomorrow is study for psy . Awesome !!! 
is okay . mom tried to straighten my hair , and omg that is a don't . I am not made to have that straight of hair . My hair is naturally thick for like the winters in Buffalo , but not to be that straight . Never Again ... LOL ! 
going out later to shop !!! LOL ! wish though I wz feeling better , these alergies are killing me ! 
got back from treating herself to buying five books !!! Very excited . Now I have to use the rest of my money to purchase graduation supplies ... not happy about this ... lol 
just retired from reading the books I bought . ITS SO EXCITING !!! I wish my life was like these stories in these books . I guess I am a true nerd , Girl who buys books and on her free time reads nonstop ... oh well its what i enjoy ! lol 
is trying to hurry up so I can read my book !!! I want to get lost in a story . Despite everything I go through and being sick on top of that ... a book will take it all away . I tell you , if nothing else give me book and I will live my life happily ! 
is so completly , irrevocably , intrigied by the book I am reading . I wish I could read all night and never stop . Jeez < PROPFEMALE > why can't my life be a book or it should .. lol . 
is going to read 2nite !!!!! I am very happy b/c its the only thing exciting me this week . I hate being sick . 
studying then occupied from 8 to 11 with new shows !!! V . Diaries and Grey's Anatomy !!!! So exicted . Then tomorrow back to my amazing book . I will finish it and then begin the next one 2morrow ... Happy once I get there !!! 
is really tired . don't know exactly why though . took a nap , but my head is still spinning .. lol . Going to go read my amazing book tonight . I am going to finish it and begin the next one !!!! Yeah !!!!! 
read five books this week !!! Yeah ! Now is on her sixth , taking a short 15minute break to rest eyes , then going back to reading !!! I'm such a nerd , but I don't care . I love books !!!! lol ! 
is super angry in a way , but still happy .... Read five books this week and is 100 pages away from finishing the sixth , it has a mystery to it , but the sequel doesn't come out until Feb . /2010 . IT IS PURE AGONY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
finished six books this week but still left with the < PROPMALE > hanger . Other than that I have a wicked headache and is about to try to sleep it off . Its got to go away somehow ! I hope ! LOL 
Just got back from the emergency room and the results aren't good . I spiked a fever of 103.4 and was in the emergency room since 5:30 . I won't be going to school for the rest of week to say the least . I really don't feel good . 
still has a fever and won't be returning to school tomorrow either . 
won't be @ school tomorrow either , but will be back on Monday if all's well . Fever is slowly breaking . 
is feeling a little better , now just getting ready to make up all the tests and quizzes I missed .. scary thought . 
long day , so much to think about . Can't wait to go to sleep ! 
wishes something exciting would happen to me . 
a little bored with normal routine , need excitment or something out of the ordinary . 
sore throat and wicked headache ... is about to go to sleep . Hope homecoming is going well for everyone . 
still has sore throat , but hopefully will get better . Is going to watch the Sabres game a little , then Walk to Remember . Nite ppl ! 
OMG ! I can not stop singing the new < PROPFIRST > Buble song \Haven't Met You Yet\ " it is very catchy and his new CD is very cool ! " 
finished watching Titanic for film crit . It makes you realize alot of things ... sad .. well going to bed now preparing for a short wk ... yay ! 
wishes the sickness would stop ... sore throat , coughting . grrr . and now or today i look as if i was sucker punched by < PROPMALE > . I'm a FREAK !!! it needs to stop .... 
bought \The Proposal\ " and is very happy with that . Will watch it tomorrow when hv the ability to sleep in the next day ... \ " Why are you wet ! \ " lol " 
rough nite . 
watched \The Proposal\ " then \ " Titanic\ " and now has finished writing her film critcism movie review on Titanic . I love movies ! " 
finished watching the Buffalo Sabre game ! WE WON ! 6-3 
going to minute clinic , then home to watch Sabres game ! 
is going to get better within 10 days and found out I'm not crazy ! LOL ! Then watched Slumdog Millionaire on HBO , found out it wasn't all that appealing ... 
is refreshed and exhillerated from driving . I feel like i'm in a virtual game when driving . that mite be a bad thing . lol 
going to bed , but before is going to watch Desperate Housewives and Brothers and Sisters . Nite ppl ! 
I really hate statistics .... 
is tired fromt the long day yesterday still , stupid statistics . lol . Now is studying for psychology then going to watch the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > tribute on dwts . Nite ppl . 
did a step-class at the ymca . Man I am going to be sore .. lol . Going to bed early now . Nite ppl . 
is planning a very productive weekend . Is gong to watch Grey's Anatomy now then Private Practice . YH for Grey's! 
ooooo .. saw 45 second fight seen of Italy of New < PROPFEMALE > . very excited about movie . I would so marry < PROPFIRST > Cullen or RPatz . lol . 
is being very productive today . Went this morining for a workout , then to hairstylist to get hair cut , ( thank god ) , and now doing some work . Hopefully a good weekend will result . lol 
is watching movies today . kinda bored . should be doing other productive things , but they can wait till later . lol . 
is studying vocab , then going to watch Desperate Housewives and Brothers and Sisters ! 
got back from zumba and doing dance class . We did the Thriller ! LOL ! Now studying statistics and gov't wish me luck . lol 
I need to get far away from here . family isn't worth it anymore . 
is really really cold . Just walked in the freezing rain for a mile without a jacket . burrrrrr .. lol 
really can NOT wait to get AWAY to college . I'm tired of family . I really want a road trip with friends or something to get away . 
is doing better I think than yesterday . i guess everything will eventually will turn out . better go study econ . now ... yikes ! 
going to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > film \This Is It\ " tomorrow nite ! " 
watching V . Diaries . defently different from the books , but very good episodes . Now going back to watch Grey's Anatomy and Private practice while studying for econ , anatomy , and english . can you say mulit tasker or what ?! 
too much to take in for economics . i just say whatever and wing now . maybe ... ornot . lol ... jeez < PROPFEMALE > 
going to bed , getting ready to bypass the tests tomorrow then @ 8 going to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > film ... so excited !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was amazing and very healthy . He is a blessing from up above for us to see such gift in our life time . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > truly is the < PROPMALE > of Pop , music , and dance . He will live forever because he is one of kind that truly sparkles and stand out like a < PROPFEMALE > in the sky . His concert would of been fantastic , and I know I would of made the effort to go to London to see it . God Bless 
is constantly playing the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > song \Down\ " over and over again . It's a good song that won't leave my head .. lol " 
studying gov and anatomy then getting ready for Desperate Housewives , and Brothers&Sisters . 
going to bed . Hope everyone has a great week ! including me . lol 
This week is going to be a headache in itself . two tests everyday or more . jeez i need abreak . studying now for gov . and psy . it's ridiculous for gov . well let's get started for the headache . 
wish me luck on the tests . I'm done studying for tonight . eyes are going into lock down mode , so going to sleep and dream of happy thoughts . lol . nite . 
waiting for the week to be over with school . going to go study anatomy for disection of the frog 2morrow . 
not even going to try ..... 
lol . Gotta love Buffaloians . We swear all the time and are sarcastic . lol . dad just got back from buffalo and gotta love right when you get off the plane . what the ..... and @ the grocery store . who the ..... and sabres game against rivals < PROPFEMALE > leafs . your going down b**d , then at bills game three rows from heaven . Then yourself saying it ! lol . Gottas love us ! 
when everything can be going wrong music saves today . really @ lunch hearing < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > sing \Down\ " put me in a better mood . It would be great if we could just dance out our problems . lol \ " Even if the sky is fallling Down \"...." 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtV_OJhO-rA Very cool video , guy can dance on walls . wicked sweet . lol 
watching < PROPMALE > & Me 1+2 waiting for the new one tomorrow ! Man i need to find me a Danish prince . lol . 
Defention of smug : contentedly confident of one's ability , superiority , or correctness ; complacent . If ANYONE wants to call me this , then go ahead b/c u know what I am confident with myself and correctness . It is what has got me to graduate early , get in to college , and succed . IF you call me this , it is probaly b/c u are disstatisfied with yourself . So fix you before naming me . 
is not looking forward to class tomorrow . It sometimes feels like I'm stuck in quicksand and can't get out . lol . can't wait for break ! 
watching One Tree Hill ! yh baby !!!!! lol 
Okay i hv tried phase 3 on what drives < PROPFIRST > and can't win . if there are hints let me know . i have got all the way to him but the three stupid red men block the way . i am going to kill them .. lol 
OMG !!! 400 trials later and I finally figured out Phase 3 ! Now all i need is to win that volvo !!! 
put up all the christmas items in house . Then did a test trial on our christmas cookies . Little did I know the trial would consist of over 200 cookies . Now there are cookies everywhere and I am beginning to hate everything about making them . lol . 
looking foward to this week !!!!! 
Looking forward going to the midnight premiere of Twilight Saga : NEW < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!! 
Just finished watching Twilight with both mom and dad ! lol . That was fun , now they know ! lol . Now preparing for Tomorrow night's midnight premiere of NEW < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! Super excited !!!!! 
went to go see New < PROPFEMALE > @ midnight , came home slept , then went back to see it w dad at noon . !!!! It is an amazing film . It really does follow the book . If anyone wants to see it let me know ! I Willl go again .!!!! New < PROPFEMALE > is a must see ! 
just got back from the broadway show \South Pacific\ " . It was very good and a sweet storyline . " 
just returned from seeing New < PROPFEMALE > the third time !!! Still Amazing ! 
finished peeling/ cutting potatoes . I hate that . i always cut my self . lol . Now turkey is in the oven being prepared so not so much work tomorrow . Going to make my famous green bean cassrole . you know everyone is jealous . lol jk . 
finally got internet connection after a week . just got back from a six hour babysitting gig . poor boy was starting to teeth and become cranky . i am now super tired . 
just woke up , but still exhausted from last nite . Going to see Blind Side later on , but now don't know quite what to do with myself , hence i'm on fb . lol 
finished putting up christmas lights and floats outside . we just bought a < PROPFEMALE > , frosty , and < PROPMALE > float . Our goal bet the stupid neighbors , our enemies . loll . ( plus they don't know we are in competition , but ours looks better)lol . 
weekend can't come soon enough ! Really excited for Friday getting to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > , Jace , < PROPMALE > , Lexi and some other pppl . Super excited !!!! 
Excited for tomorrow !!! 
today was pretty rough , not my best day . Although tonight should get a whole lot better w friends .... at least I hope ! lol 
just got home . Had an awesome nite w/ Jace . He's so sweet . Going to bed getting ready for tomorrow with the hellish schedule of making christmas cookies all day ... jeez < PROPFEMALE > . lol(txt me ) ! 
Doing a Danish weekend consisiting of < PROPMALE > Christian Andersen paper , then < PROPMALE > and Me movie review paper , and more stuff . Now all I want is a trip to Denmark !!!! 
Today has been an awesome day . I got ACCEPTED to the College of Charleston , got out early , going to see < PROPFEMALE > Benson tonight , and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are coming over tomorrow . This holiday is the best yet and is going to be amazing !!!! 
Awesome day and Nite . Starting with an acceptance letter and a whole lot of relief , and ending with meeting < PROPFEMALE > Benson(The voice of < PROPFIRST > in The Little Mermaid ) . Great day and its only going to get better ! 
Happy Holidays Everyone !!!!! 
is having an awesome break . Currently though really tired , but i don't care going to stay up later tonight ..... loll . 
My heart is more relaxed . Mom made it out of surgery and woke up , which makes me extremely happy . It was good she woke up and is free of the cyst , bad that she is in alot of pain and will be in the hospital till Saturday . It sucks I can't see her under hospital rules , but I am just happy she is fine . I don't know what I would do without her So thank you god for making sure my mom stayed with me . I love her very much . 
getting ready to study statistics ... ugh .... but its okay i am watching or more like listening to Grey's Anatomy while i study ... lol . 
Black all the way ! lol . studying anatomy now ... :D 
is spending time with my future roomie at College of Charleston , < PROPFEMALE > Knight !!!! :D 
just finished watching North & South , the movie series I was named after . I just love < PROPFEMALE > Fabre and Orrie Maine together . It's funny how fate works out to , b/c when i was named no one figured we move to SC and now I am going to go to CofC in Fall where the series took place and < PROPFEMALE > Fabre Maine remains . It's fate ..... :D 
studying film terms , then begin to review english and anatomy for tuesday exams ..... this week is going to be tiresome .... 
is becoming exhasted from exams . I've been studying since 5 for econ and psy . my brain truly is tired . I hate the next two days especially thursday with stats and gov .... Help is needed or better yet required ... :( 
wish me luck for the worst exams of the week statistics and gov . Then it's freedom and relaxation with the early premiere of DEAR < PROPFIRST > tomorrow night . I am looking forward to that . Good luck everyone on the rest of yr exams and me 2 :D 
horrific day ... and it only got worse with canceling Dear < PROPFIRST > ..... :( 
still not the best of days , but at least there's a new Grey's Anatomy to make it better :) . I am excited since I'm a grey's fan . Although still miss not seeing dear < PROPFIRST > , stupid Hollywood 20 . I am beginning to hate them ... loljk 
just got back from babysitting and extremely tired , but on the plus side I finished < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Autobiography Moonwalk in one night ..... :D 
I'm coming to see in general life will play out as it should . Like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s idea in his autobiography \Que sera sera\ " What will be will be or time will tell what will happen ... " 
going to go pick up < PROPFEMALE > for a great nite at the house .... lol ..... :D !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s here and it is so much fun , but she keeps taking over the computer while I leave the room and I think she is causing trouble .... lol . jk . Its going to be a blast tonight ...! :D 
planning budget for the next few monthes , then stats hw , study for anatomy , and of course relax ..... lol 
ppl are driving me crazy even ones that i haven't spoke to in monthes ...... 
finished watching obsessed .... crazy psycho girl ... whew ! Now getting to watch vampire diaries and grey's anatomy .... excited ...... for stefan !!!! lol . :D 
vampire diaries is amazing . I <3 Stefan !!!! lol . Defently different from the books , but great too . Although I am still waiting for the next addition to the Return Series of the Diaries . Now watching Grey's Anatomy !!!! Amazing !!! :D 
not doing much today just maybe some hw . txt me if yr bored ! 
studying stats . then going to watch Extreme home makeover . It's in my hometown tonight Buffalo N.Y. !!!! <3 :) 
just got back from getting the H1N1 shot , arm hurts a little , but its for a good cause ! :) 
just got home from my work . Extremely tired . Going to bed now . :O 
studying psy . then vampire diaries ! Seeing < PROPMALE > just makes my day a whole lot better !!! <3 :D <3 
vampire diaries was amazing with < PROPMALE > gorgeous as always .... blush .... lol . Defently made me smile today and make it end on a great note ..... :D <3 
just got back from seeing When in Rome !!!! :D Such a cute movie , I only hope I can find love like that <3 <3 <3 
just got back from seeing WICKED on broadway and it was amazing . I <3 it and defently Team Green now !!!! :D 
I'm through accepting limits '' cause someone says they're so Some things I cannot change But till I try , I'll never know ! Too long I've been afraid of Losing love I guess I've lost Well , if that's love It comes at much too high a cost ! I'd sooner buy Defying gravity Kiss me goodbye I'm defying gravity I think I'll try Defying gravity And you wont bring me down ! ~ Wicked 
urrrr ... why do I always get sick . This yr has been crazy first swine now this . Can't I ever catch a break ... STAY CLEAN PPL , and stop passing this stuff to me , I don't want it . I'm tired of being sick . 
still sick , but getting better ... i think ... just got back from seeing AVATAR . Very interesting movie , i liked it . Can't wait to see DEAR < PROPFIRST > tomorrow night !!! 
just saw DEAR < PROPFIRST > !!! It was great , defently different from the book , but amazing as well . Loved the fact my future college was present in the film ! Can't wait to be there next Fall !!! 
Seeing < PROPMALE > tonight and so excited . Thursdays always end amazing . Can't wait to see what's new !!!! <3 < PROPMALE > Salivatore !!!!!! :D 
extremely tired ... just got home from my work . I have been up for a total of 19.5 hours total and going for a few more minutes ... lol 
getting ready to go to the gym , then some shopping , cleaning , home , and hw . whew what a day , but will be back on later today ! 
just got back from the gym , now a pretty chilled afternoon planned with Time Traveler's Wife in the mix later on !! 
finished watching Time Traveler's Wife and it was completly sad and romantic at the same time . I did tear up .... I honestly don't know what i would do if my guy was a time traveler , it would be hard , but at least you would know you are never alone . 
i completely forgot it was < PROPFIRST>'s Day . I guess it might do with the fact I don't have a < PROPFIRST > , so oh well . someday ... lol . Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all who don't have a < PROPFIRST > this year !!!? 
reality check !!! Stop dwelling on the past and move toward's what you will do in the next four years and beyond . So for me I am completely going to be myself and look forward to having a great future in college and beyond that . so look out !!! :D it's going to change !!!! YH ! 
glad I didn't get my hopes to up w/ certain ppl , b/c one thing I have learned in the past six years is trust yourself and yourself only . Never rely on someone else to make a move or confront you , b/c you need to take a stand and do it yourself . I am realizing being afraid of ppl is not an option , they need to hear it like it is cuz life is to short ... and that's the truth and life . 
is home for a little while , then it's off to the gym for a workout Be back on l8ter .... :D 
got back from gym and feeling good . Let all that pent up anger up .... whew ! Now its time to tackle gov't . I hope I do good on the test tomorrow . :O 
I am so sick and tired of ppl not expressing the way they feel It ruins friends+relationships . IF YOU HATE SOMEONE TELL THAT PERSON , IF YOU LOVE OR HAVE A CRUSH ON SOMEONE TELL THEM , IF YOU ARE JEALOUS OF SOMEONE OR SOMEONE'S RELATIONSHIP TELL THEM .. STOP HIDDING YOUR FEELINGS AND TELL THAT PERSON HOW U FEEL , B/C IF YOU DON'T CONSIDER YOURSELF A FAKE AND LITTLE , B/C SAYING YOUR AFRAID IS NOT AN EXCUSE ANYMORE !! 
working on hw ... it sucks so fb , text , or call . 
watching Father of the Bride Part II and resting so I can get up early and hit the gym tomorrow then going to get my hair highlighted(little scared :O ) . Will show tomorrow afternoon ... 
is back to being blonde , and lovin it . Got my hair highlighted which took over 2 1/2 hrs . so now dark no more , I look as blonde as i was in 2nd grade ..!!! yh 
went to workout this mornin , now narrative and studying for anatomy !! whoo ! lol . 
watching men's hockey game ( US vs Finland ) so far 6-0 US ! < PROPFIRST > Miller of the Buffalo Sabres(my team ) is doing an amazing job for US ! Go USA all the WAY !!! 
not a great weekend . very rough ...... :( rather be at school . 
really tired , but going to watch the bachelor ! All i know is < PROPMALE > better pick someone(Tinellly ) or else I will be angry he has wasted the last three monthes for two hours every monday nite . So let's see the final < PROPFEMALE > ! 
when you are not looking expect something great to happen . 
i think i finally decided on the career i want to pursue through college and the rest of my life . I am pretty happy with this after researching it , now I have to make sure college will work with me into transferring into the program for my future career !!! :D 
feeling defently more better than last weekend , so far and it is all thanks to returning to church after five years and attending mass . Defently feeling blessed and pure thanks to one man . <3 
\ I don't date sociology majors . \ " \ " Well I'm undecided ... \ " \ " About what ? \ " \ " Everything ! \"" 
OMG !! 10 seconds ! that all it took for me to get extremely excited , and now I can't wait for tomorrows reveal then for the final reveal in June !!! OMG !!! :D <3 
like I said my mom's b-day is going to be amazing , 6-30-10 ! Not only is it her bday but ECLIPSE is coming !!!!!! yeah !!!! The trailer was released today and it is amazing !!! <3 E.C. and can't wait till the last day of june !!! omg !!! :D 
busy nite tonight , but it shoudl be fun !!! 
just saw REMEMBER ME and it is a great movie that covers all the genres . I think it might be the best film this year . It makes you realize what's important in life and that people need to be kind to all because you never know what will happen next . <3 ' ed Remember Me !!!! All should see ! 
\Gandhi said that whatever you do in life will be insignificant . But it's very important that you do it . I tend to agree with the first part . \ " ( Remember Me ) " 
reading Shadow Souls and omg I am addicted to this book ! I think I love < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > equally , maybe one more than the other . Books are amazing and if they are all I have in life , then that is okay with me !!! :D <3 BOOKS !!!!! <3 
just got back from Charleston and seeing my future home in five monthes CofC !!!! It is so beautiful and I am excited !!! Plus the nite got better with watching New < PROPFEMALE > !!! <3 
studying for AP Econ , AP Government , AP Stats , AP Psy , and Hamlet . I just hope I do well on all these tests .......... :O 
studying for AP Stats , AP Government , and AP Psy . three more tests and then I am done tomorrow ..... thank goodness ....... it is so stressful and I will be in a brain coma after 3rd , 4th , and 5th tomorrow with three test in a row ...... pray that i do well ......! 
<3 VAMPIRE DIARIES <3 !!!! It's back and it is the one thing I have been looking forward to for a month and 1/2 now .... I am so excited to see < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > !!!!! <3 < PROPMALE > Bros !!!!! EXCITED !!!!! 
just completed Earth Hour and hope many did as well by turning off yr lights to conserve energy and show global climate change is upon us . <3 Earth 
super happy got an award from SC Life for 5,000 dollars . So really honored !!! :D 
very happy and very tired at the same time ! Blessed for all the things I have ! Good nite ! <3 
Everything is falling into place and hopefully it continues with guarentees on everything !! 
I super hopeful ... just got a call for an interview for a job !!! Yes , just hope I get the job , I know I would do 100% , more like 110% !!! 
I have been excited by day and nervous by nite for the past week about this weekend . I am really excited , but I am socially challenged so nervous as well 
really tired today ! I had a great four day weekend with < PROPFEMALE > Knight in Charleston ! It was alot of fun !!! :D 
creppie cd found in mom's car that none of us made , but it has all the music that I love just never owned . It even gave me my new favorite song by my favorite artist : For Always by < PROPMALE > GROBAN !!! <3 it's still really creppie and apparently someone is watching us ... :O 
going to the gym in 30 minutes , then out for the day , then babysitting , and homework .... 
practicing French with the kids I babysit who's dad is from < PROPFEMALE > and enjoying the novel the Life of Pi ! :D 
really would like to go to Poland and visit my family there . Hopefully that will be my next European trip besides going to London !!! 
had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > watching The < PROPFEMALE > and the frog !!! :D 
got my graduation dress !!! :D Now going to relax then babysitting tonight ! 
it is AP Psy . and Gov non stop this week . I am becoming brain fried and I still have to add on AP Econ and Stats to the list later this week . Oh mock exams be done with , but give me a good grade .... PLEASE !!!!!!!!! 
pray for me with the STATS exam tomorrow ..... i hope i do well ... please ....... 
ready for this weekend .... especially Sunday !!!! :D 
At exactly 9:30 a.m. I turned 17 !!! I had a great day by going to seeing The BACK UP PLAN ( very funny and cute ) and hanging with the family . Thank you for all the Birthday wishes !!!! :D I hope 17 is just as good as 16 was ! 
is in pain ... sprained ankle or at least really really swelled up ankle that looks like a baseball . Not happy that's for sure about this . :( 
going to review for AP Government Exam tomorrow and for AP Statistics tuesday ..... I hope I pass and get the credit . well now its up to fate ... :D 
one exam down , AP STATS tomorrow .... pray that I do well and actually pass . .... :D 
six hours later and stats is done .... thank god ... :D 
omg !!! GLEE has become like a religion/ addiction in my household . Ever since my b-day that's all we watch and we just love < PROPFEMALE > !!! LOl . :D <3 GLEE <3 
AP Psychology and AP Econ Exams this week . Let's hope that I pass and do great !!! ;D 
Four days and three exams to go , and then I am finished with grade school . Very excited . Going to see Letters to Juillet tonight :D excited for that as well !!! 
Letters to < PROPFEMALE > was romantic and amazing . Seeing < PROPFEMALE > on screen and the places I've been , made me miss Europe a lot . I loved last summer and I will go again because Europe is breathetaking and somewhere I could spend a lifetime !!! <3 
After 3 years , it has all come to an end . A lot of work was put in to graduating early and now it has paid off . Childhood tendencies are coming to an end and adult responsibilities are already upon me . It's excitng and sad at the same time .... a bittersweet moment . 
got a New green laptop from my parents for graduation !!! I'm typing on it now and I love it !!!! 
' Indulge your imagination in every possible flight . ' \ 
{ JANE AUSTEN , Pride and Prejudice } 
Graduation day is here !!!! These three years paid off now I have everyone that matters to celebrate !!!! Congrats to the Class of 2010 !!!! 
just saw Shakespeare in the Park of the production : < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > 
had a great time seeing THE KILLERS with < PROPFEMALE > Dickerson and the girls !!! It was alot of fun !!! 
finished the second book to the < PROPFEMALE > SAGA !!!!! I'll start the third one tomorrow ! I <3 < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
ready the third < PROPFEMALE > Saga book in one day !!! It was amazing and I can't wait until the next part of the series comes .... I'm so interested to see what happens next ... <3 Mr. < PROPFEMALE > <3 !!!!! 
today's been stressful so far with a variety of things happening . And one is college is already stressful and we are not even there yet .... But hopefully everything will work out and all will be happy ! 
Haudricourt drama is occuring , but hopefully is residing slowly ...... all i need is dorms to go well and everything the whole family has gone through will be worth it .... i hope ..... i swear im changing my last name ... lol 
i hope everything works out today ...... i really do hope ..................................................... 
is going a little bit crazy I think ... too many things happening at once and not one solution .... ahhhh ... lol 
going out with < PROPFEMALE > Knight today !!!! I'm so excited to see my Europe traveling partner ... it's been awhile since we seen each other , I've missed her a lot . So I'm really excited to see her today !!!!! :D 
re read Eclipse in one day !!! Getting ready for tomorrow's excitement of seeing ECLIPSE at midnight !!!! Super excited !!!!! 
Ready to go see THE TWILIGHT SAGA : ECLIPSE on June 29th going into the 30th !!!! I am so excited to see the next chapter in the saga and I know I will want to see it more than once !!!! I <3 E.C. Twilight Saga !!!! 
saw THE TWILIGHT SAGA : ECLIPSE @ midnight and it was amazing !!!!! I loved it and it was the best one yet , but I defently NEED to see it again , so anoyone who wants to let me know !!!!! Today I am celebrating my moms 36th birthday so I am occcupied with pleasing her !! I <3 E.C. TWILIGHT ! 
One year ago today I was with the SC group getting ready to fly for an amazing trip to Switzerland , Italy , and < PROPFEMALE > !! Needless to say it was amazing and I had the best time , so I'm sad were not all together , but we have the memories of that amazing trip !! 
Some say the world will end in fire , \ 
Some say in ice . \ 
From what I've tasted of desire\ 
I hold with those who favor fire . \ 
But if it had to perish twice , \ 
I think I know enough of hate\ 
To say that for destruction ice\ 
Is also great\ 
And would suffice ( Frost ) . 
saw THE TWILIGHT SAGA : ECLIPSE in Imax with my mom , OH it was amazing for the second timee !!! Imax makes it even better ! I <3 E.C. Twilight !!!!! 
I got credit for my AP Psy . and AP Gov class !!!! yh ! 
. I think I know enough of hate\ 
This isn't the time to make hard and fast decisions , its time to make mistakes . Take the wrong train and get stuck somewhere chill . Fall in love - a lot . < PROPMALE > in philosophy ' cause there's no way to make a career out of that . Change your mind . Then change it again , because nothing is permanent . ( Eclipse ) 
Pretty excited , some things are going very well .... I got a great schedule of Bio 111 , WGST , Women and Religon , Philosphy and Feminism , and Psy . Statistics ! Also I got my drivers license today !!!!! so Yeah !!!! now one thing left for the future and life wld be good :D 
just frinished reading two books in two days !!!! yh ! I read The Second Short Life of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > yesterday and I just finished reading Eat Pray Love today !!! So yh I'm amazing . Next week I will start the college recommended book Three Cups of Tea .... 
Betheny's on tonight !!!! Super excited . Had a great afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > , it was alot of fun . :D 
dogsitting this weekend .... the dogs are great , but walking in the 102 degree heat to get there is not ..... 
There are three things I hate most in this world : LYERS , CHEATERS , AND USERS . There are too many people in this world who do this , and I have had to many incidents of being involved with these kind of ppl . So no more , cuz you are toxic to my life .... 
babysitting tonight ..... yh ....! it should be fun . I have to say being a quote on quote nanny this summer has been the best job yet :D 
The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us , and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak , the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls . ( < PROPFEMALE > Cady < PROPMALE > ) 
\My good opinion once lost is lost for ever\ " ( Pride and Prejudice ) " 
just got off from a long shift now its time to organize the college stuff . Looking forward to college and finally meeting my roomates !!!! :D 
Very excited about college and finally meeting my dormmates !!!!! Our room is going to be super cute ! 
finished reading British author < PROPFEMALE > Evans novel A Hopeless Romantic .... such an amazing book I know I defently relate ... lol :D Got another one of her books today Going Home ... can't wait to start !!!! :D 
\Risk more than others think safe . Care more than others think is wise . Dream more than others think is pratical . Expect more than others think is possible\ " ( Bissell ) " 
finished Three Cups of Tea ! So that's done !!! :D Very good book , defently opened my mind up to different things . 
just finished watching Date Night ! Hilarious movie , I really enjoyed it .... lol . Looking forward to a day out tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > !!!! :D 
YH !!!!! Super happy now ! I had the perfect schedule for first semester , but I just made it even better since I got to switch my lab from 7:30 pm to now 1:30 pm . OMG it is like the perfect freshman schedule . This will be a good day and icing on top is I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with \Big Sis\ " lol . < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! So happy !!!! " 
had an amazing time with < PROPFEMALE > today !!! :D We saw < PROPFEMALE > & Beezus ( lol ) and it was so cute and yes I cried ... lol . :D It was alot of fun today !!! 
going to see EAT PRAY LOVE today with mom !!!!! I'm looking forward to it , I read the book and it was great so this should be good ! 
feels kinda weird I guess ... since this year really I should technically be a senior but instead I'm going into college at the age of 17 .... scary thought ! But theres no way I could of done another year of highschool , but good luck and have fun to all my fellow classmates who are now Seniors ! And Hello to the upcoming classmates in College !!! 
had fun today with my Dad . Went to see < PROPFIRST > St. Cloud , which was a really great film . The funny thing was we were the only ones in the theater or whole entire building besides staff . So it was like it was shut down just for me ... lol . :D 
just got back from a great night with < PROPFEMALE > Knight !!!! It was alot of fun and I'm going to miss her when I leave for college <3 
getting pretty nervous . Making sure everything is packed and ready to go . Last 2 days until I leave for college . It's a bittersweet moment ... 
Last day in Greenville .... I am so nervous and sad . Leaving for Charleston tomorrow ... it's going to be a huge change for me .... It is so bittersweet ... 
Moved in .... pretty emotional day .... but hopefully everything will go good . I already miss home though .... 
went to my first class . it was good .. now two more today and first day will be complete :D 
had Biology and Philosphy today . Both were pretty interesting and very duable . Now I will catch up on homework and then go out later tonight ! 
finished all homework for today and tomorrows classes ... so all i have to do is go to two more classes today and two tomorrow and then its the weekend !!!! I've made it then one official week ... omg . thats hard to believe . 
classes were good today , then i went to the wgst house for sugar-fest .... It was alot of fun and I met alot of great girls ... Now I'm not sure what I'm going to do other than watch Back-Up Plan tonight . 
went to the markets today !!! It was cool I felt like a native . lol . Later I'm going to go with < PROPFEMALE > to see < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > performed !!! yh ! 
homework and laundry today . Maybe end the day with The Last Song !! :D 
done with homework for the next two days .... don't know what to do with myself .... jk :D 
going to five guys !!!! lol ... need to get away from on campus food especially pizza ... lol ... 
going to watch bachelor pad !!!!! :D 
worked on paper for thursday , now bio for tomorrow , and then two more classes at three .... Whew so much work in college ... ready for weekend to hurry up .... 
went to Bio . now I have Philosphy then Bio lab for 3 hrs ..... long time ....... i hope he lets us out early . 
just got back from my 3hr lab .... long ... and it is more work than my typical classes , but that's ok since i only meet once a week . Now going walking and then NOW at 7 . busy busy busy ... 
two more classes this week then aquarium on Saturday with < PROPFEMALE > Teska :D 
getting ready finally for a day near the water and near some animals .... yh they are < PROPFEMALE > animals , but still I need animals around and I finally get to see some water in Charleston !!!!!.... going to aquarium with < PROPFEMALE > Teska !!!!!! 
got back from Aquarium , it was alot of fun .... went behind the scenes to the Sea Turtle Hospital , that was interesting . Learned something new ... Now the rest of the weekend consists of hw .... yh fun .. jk 
did homework in the courtyard today then took the long way and walked to the battery ... very relaxing .... :D 
finished classes for today and hw pretty much .. Now AED and Biology Club tonight ... then Bachelor Pad .. LOL 
Biology Club is a very interesting cllub and I'm very excited to be joining . Now watching Bachelor Pad !!!! 
Gave blood today !!!! I made it for a first timer ... lol , but I made a difference , I saved a life !!!!!! \ 
Now back to my life , stats exam today then nursing club , then vampire diaries !!!!! YH Me !!!! 
at the library right now ... so peaceful .. Got all my hw done and questions thanks LB for your help !!! Today so far has been a good day !!! 
Remember September 11th today , It's the ninth anniversary . Our prayers go out to those who died and the families . God Bless . 
don't know what to do today ... i know hw , but anything else i just dont know , i dont think anything can compare today from last nights hearing < PROPFEMALE > sing Pocahontas and My Heart will go On ... lol . she did amazing :D and looked like a true indian while doing it . :D lol 
did as much hw I could do today which consisted of two papers and reading over 70pages ... the rest can wait till tomorrow . plus i did laundry . So now I will go out maybe then come home and watch the vmas . 
I hope its an awesome week for me and other ppl .... :D 
hmmmm ... It's been a good day , but there is so much to do to prepare for the future . I just the future goes as planned ...... :D 
really really tired .... have two more classes later on , study for lab tomorrow , then oth .. then very early bed .... : ZZZZZZzzzz 
cannot wait until next fall where I hope to god I will be out of < PROPFIRST > dorm and at an entirly different university . 
hmmm ... will this be a good day .... idk mornings been good , but sometimes thats a trick .... :O 
< PROPMALE > Groban , you somehow make any situation better and take all the stress away . Your music is fantastic and I thank you . :D 
I got a book !!!! So excited .... bookstores in Charleston weren't carrying my favorite authors and I found a book finally by one of my authors !!!! Yh <3 books !!!!!!!! 
last nite was great with watching Letters to < PROPFEMALE > and reading my book .... i was in my happy place . lol Currently in the library ( i've been here for four hours already and going0 studying biology for exam on monday and reading wgst ..... oh this is so not a weekend ... lol 
Round two of studying all day at the library for Bio exam ..... I hope I do good on it :O 
really tired , going to bed soon . I hope I do good on my biology exam tomorrow ..... everyone pray .. :D 
a rat ran into my shoe today and kept running , but I felt the impact .... I still am not sure what to think of this ..... 
had an amazing dream last nite .....!!! Two more classes today and then GLEE !!!!!!!!!! YH :D super happy :D 
GLEE was awesome ...... \ I didn't send sunshine to a real crack house\ " lol .... so funny and good songs ... can't wait till next weeks < PROPFEMALE > Spears episode !!!! :D gLee " 
finished my book today !!! It was great and a good stress reliever !!! Can't wait for the weekend so I can sleep in .. lol 
having fun with < PROPFEMALE > Knight !!! Last nite we did a Girl's Nite In with movies ... today Girl's Homework in ... not as fun ... lol :D 
Two exams this week , alot of papers , and so much reading this week ..... ugh .... I pray to God though I do good on my Philosphy exam ........ trying to get three weeks of stuff done before fall break , so I can actually enjoy it .... i just hope i can . 
Hope I do good on my Philosphy exam and lab quiz tomorrow .... i really hope i do ........ : z 
very tired . got free flu shot , took philosphy exam , did a three hour lab , and now i have to study for women and religion exam for tomorrow ... college u are exhausting me .... please let me do well on all my exams ....... please ....... my life is at the library .. 
Finished exams for this week , but still have three to go next week , plus Im trying to get everything done before hand for the following week after that ..... Looking forward to going home !!!! One week from tomorrow !!! 
not happy that there is no foliage at all in charleston ..... i need all FOUR seasons ....... 
just got CPR certified !!!!! yh !!! 
library day ... ugh ... three exams this week and then i get to go home !!!!! excited !!! after these exams are over ... :p 
finished studying today ... now listening to the Buffalo Sabres vs Philadelphia Flyers ..... oh i miss hockey , its sad i can't watch it in the south ... hockey is awesome .. lol .... <3 JP .. lol ... LET'S GO SABRES !!!!! <3 MY BUFFALO SABRES HOCKEY !!!! <3 
one dream was crushed about 10 minutes ago ... so sad .... :( 
beginning to study or prepare for the three exam taking place between wednesday and thursday ... not fun :( but the turn up is i get to go home friday !!! yh !!! 
two more exams ... then HOME !!!!! 
Happy Birthday BJ !!! I love you and I will see u Friday !!!!! <3 BJ 
in two hours .... i will be taking two exams ... I hope I do well on them .... then two more classes tomorrow then HOME !!!!!! I'm excited to be going home ...! 
done with exams finally !!! Now two more classes then HOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( but first v . diaries and grey's ) :D 
I'm home and I'm loving it ! 
Missing Home already .... :( 
There is a < PROPFEMALE > Austen class next semester and I can't take it .... NOT HAPPY ........ 
Not happy .................... : l 
oh the weekend : consists of writing a research paper and studying for a biology exam .... 
extremely tired ... five hours on a research paper and then still studying for bio exam for monday .... oh college I can't wait till winter break ... no worries for three weeks .. come quick . 
studying for bio exam today and that's it ...... :P 
Happy 7th Birthday Lucky and 4th Birthday < PROPMALE > !!!! I miss you boys and hope you have a woofin of a day !!! lol .. <3 Lucky <3 < PROPMALE > !!!! 
{ JANE AUSTEN , Pride and Prejudice } 
Happy today !!! Did good on my bio test and bio lab !!!! YH !!!!! 
reading my book today !!! Makes me happy :D 
so tired right now .... of school work .... ughh ... can't wait for the semester to be over ... 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for a fun time pealing apples ... :D and thanks < PROPFEMALE > Teska for being a great friend . All of you are great and made a happy Sunday afternoon !!! :D 
had a great time seeing Eclipse with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !!! It was a lot of fun and defently took my mind off of things :D <3 < PROPFIRST > !!! 
great day so far ... last nite was awesome first with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for eclipse then crossroads and < PROPFEMALE > singing with roomates !! LOl . Now today with turning in the research paper ... and completing all my philosphy questions !!! YH !!! :D 
Another great nite w glee now movie nite in 224 !!! 
this week is actually turning out to be awesome !!! So much fun and not alot of stress . I thank 224 and WGST !!! 
pretty easy going day today .... listening to my IPOD with soothing music like classical music , soundtracks , and < PROPMALE > Groban ... that's always peaceful to hear when doing homework ... lol . Great Week so Far lets keep it coming ... :D 
excited for Friday !! Going to Folly Beach for a Ghost Crab walk ... I'm just excited about being near the water .. finally !! :D 
Dear Great Pumpkin , Thank you for putting a smile on my face :D \ 
\ 
I <3 Linus <3 
Voce existe em mim <3 
Happy Halloween !!!! Hope everyone has fun Trick or Treating tonight and tomorrow :D 
Four exams this week .... :( Studying all day for Philosphy tomorrow ... Hope I do well !!!! 
long week ahead .... philosphy test down ... 3 to go ... starting with Stats tomorrow .... Hope i do well :D 
so much to do that is stressful . 4 tests to do this week . Today is STATS at 530 so hope i do great on this test ..... :D please oh please oh please .... ;) 
This week has got to be the worst week ever .... everything is going wrong , and I just need to cry . 
I really just want to be a housecat like < PROPFEMALE > and just be fascinated by a piece of string and only worry about where I am going to sleep tonight and nothing else . :D Meow !!! ? < PROPFEMALE > ? BJ ( it would be alot easier and stress free compared to a human .. lol ) . 
very tired .... tired of being sick , tired of taking tests , and tired of this week . Ready for this horrible week to be done with . One more quiz today then going home to rest and hopefully feel better . 
Notice :::: I have Windows Live Messanger now , so anyone who has it request me ... lol .... 
the stress part of the week is over . Just need to get better from being sick and all will be good . Had fun talking to parents on Window Live Messenger and watching VD . Made my nite :D 
had fun tonight doing the walk around the pennisula ... lol . then watching Elf and making cookies with < PROPFEMALE > Knight ! Now its time for sleep to get up at 6:30 to go to volunteer at the women's clinic ... haven't been up that early since highschool ... boy will this be tough ... lol 
had a very eye opening experience at the women's clinic today volunteering and now I see things even more clearly and really people should realize that Women have the right to Choose to do whatever they want in life whether its with their careers , bodies , family , or anything . So protestors should just back off . 
been in the library ... idk how long since daylight savings is screwing w me .. lol . but finished all the papers and assignments for the rest of the semseter besides one paper !!!!!!!!! so happy .. no writing anymore(except 1 but thats easy) !!! I know Im a dork doing work for the next six weeks ahead .. oh well !! :D 
so happy this week which is so much better than last week :DDDD 
well registered for classes for spring semester ... have to say not the most exciting classes but they are being taken in hopes of me getting into the nursing program at clemson next fall ... fingers crossed ... :) 
this week has been pretty great so far ... so happy :D VD on tonight !!!! <3 < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
great week this week :D Listening to < PROPMALE > Groban's new album then Degrassi then studying for Biology all weekend .... :D 
gotta love youtube .. lol . watched < PROPFIRST>'s beginning and Beauty and the Beast Enchanted Christmas today and lion < PROPMALE > 2 yesterday ... idc what anyone thinks ... I'm a Disney Girl , regardless of how old i get ... :D <3 Disney 
\Dream as if you'll live forever . Live as if you'll die today\ " ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ) . " 
sitting in the common room , looking at the xmas lights , studying bio , while listening to 102.5 ..... lol ... oh well i want to get into the holiday mood , and that's not an easy thing to do at college ,,, so bring it on ;D 
ready for the Bio exam tomorrow for the most part ... learned it all through funn studying with < PROPFEMALE > Knight !!!! WE GOT THIS !!!! ;D 
had a test in bio today which was not what I expected , but i know I passed .. other class got cancelled so its a free monday !!! :D yh ! 
listening to < PROPMALE > Groban's New Album Illuminations !!!!! I get to listen to it online , since I sent the actual cd to my mom first .. lol . oh well Hope she enjoys it ! 
with only six 1/2 hours I finished \In the Arms of Mr. < PROPFEMALE >\" and it was amazing !!!!! Can't wait for the next book by < PROPFEMALE > Lathan !!!!!!! <3 < PROPFEMALE > <3 " 
finished two books in two days !!! One for class and one for pleasure . Both were interesting , but In The Arms of Mr. < PROPFEMALE > wins no matter what ... :D 
figured out my stats problems all bymyself .. lol . so proud of me !!!! 
being so productive at edu center ... did a 4 < PROPFEMALE > paper , stats hw , and new stats ch . Go Me !!! :D 
\you have bewitched me body and soul\ " ( Mr. < PROPFEMALE > ~ Pride & Prejudice ) " 
okay so applied to two options , hope someone takes me :D 
been at the library for six hours now completing stats and wgst . This weekend was very prorductive with completing bio , wgst , stats and a new application .. so needless to say I can actually enjoy Thanksgiving break !!! Gobble Gobble ! :D 
My favorite animal is going to be extinct in 2022 . There is estimated only 3,022 tigers in the wild . Over a century there was over 100,000 . This is heart sickening and we need to take a stand . Help Save the Tiger at the World Widlife Fund . Don't let these beautiful creatures be taken away ... 
One more class and then going home !!!! Thank God , I need to get away from cofc and everyone else's drama .... Ready to be home and bombard Minnie .... lol ... :D 
had fun being spontaneous last night with the whole family to go see Love and Other Drugs at 11o'clock at nite ... lol ... That was fun staying up past the bedtime ... the Haudricourts are turning into rebels . 
going back to charleston today and I really don't want to . I rather just stay here with family and four legged friends .. Oh three weeks come quick so I can be home again . I had a really great break ! :D 
went to < PROPMALE>'s and saw < PROPFIRST > Island Christmas lights !!! Really sad to be back at cofc ... I rather be at home , but 17 days and I'll be back home for 3 1/2 weeks !!!!! So ready for another great long break !!!!!! :D 
is studying ... Stats exam tomorrow , Lab Pratical Wednesday .. oh the joys of college .. jk .. 16 more days after today and I'm done with this semester !! 
Stats test done !!! Now Lab Practical tomorrow .... Going to watch < PROPMALE > Groban on NBC for the Tree Lighting tonight !!!! 15 days !!!! 
stats pratical done with ... thank god ... Now its just reviewing until next Thursday's Stats exam , and fridays bio and philosphy exam ... oh the headaches ... 14 days !! 
got an A on my stats exam !!!! YH !!! So I will reward myself with a break by watching the < PROPMALE > Groban live concert at 8 !!!! 13days !!!! 
i'm going to be a hermit for the next week ... have to study my life away with statistics for thursday and bio and philosphy for friday ... oh finals ..... 13 days and I'll be home .. thankgoodness . :D 
is about to start the beginning of the end ... Studying stats , bio , and philosphy .... 12 days ..... yh ! 
study study study ... that's all i do now and till the 14th .... i have no life .. lol . well it will be all worth it when the semester is over with ... 
has offically decided I won't be going back to the light blonde like my graduation photos .. I love the color of my hair now and even though I was a blonde as a younger child , but natural hair is darker toward a light brunette and I'm okay with that ... It's me .. so after looking at photos from the last three years .. I'm saying goodbye to the true blonde .. :) 
back to studying .... will be glad when the week is over with . 9 days !! 
first semester classes are over with !!! Now all I need to do is make it through 5 exams .... ole mole ... 8 dayss ... just 8 days .. ;) 
six hours studying 18 chapters of biology and I feel confident I will do well on the final on friday !!! I'm still going to continue studying though for biology , philosphy , and stats ..... 7 days !! 
baby it's cold outside ...... no really its really cold in Charleston ... i have to wear gloves in my room .... cold ..... burrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ;D 
listening to really beautiful music by Ludovico , all thanks to Rinske !!!! studying stats , bio , and philosphy ... my finals start tomorrow wish me luck !!! 7 days !!! 
stats final down !!!! Now 4 to go starting with biology and philosphy tomorrow ... so gotta study :D 
finsihed with stats , biology , and philosphy and I think I did really well .... 2 more finals next tuesday and I'm done :D 
putting wants aside and putting nesscities first . a car comes first and books before a trip . thats just how it has to be . 
im know college has done a good job of making me grow up , when i become frugal with money and want to get the nescessities like a car and books than go to a dream destination , london , but it has to be done . and i'll be ok ... 
kinda of a stressful day .. not much has gone right ... so two more days and i can go home ... at least if im stressed at home , there is a four legged friend to comfort me :D 
getting ready for two more finals tommorrow .. Hope I do well :D 
finished one final today now one more to go @ 4:00 . Going to study and get ready :D Hope all goes well :D 
First Semester of College is officially over with !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So happy and I think i did really good !!!! :D 
home and happy :D 
I don't know all my grades yet , but I found out 3 today and I am so excited . On Biology 111 , Women and Religion , and Stats I got an A- !!! On all three !!!! and for a first time 17 year old girl freshman in college I am so PROUD of myself !!!!! 
really happy I have a 3.6 GPA !!! I got 4 A's , a B in Philosphy , and a B+ in Lab !!!! Very happy as a first year college student !!!!!! :D 
cookie hell ... that's all i will say ... 6hours of baking cookies yesterday has cured me of eating another cookie ... omg ... i hate cookies ... lol ... 
just got back from seeing Narnia : The Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader !!!! It was amazing !!! 
is exhausted ... it was a good day , but a busy day watching a 2 yr old and 5 yr old all day ... boy they can talk .... 
a little stressed .... i think i need sleep . 
spent 4 1/2 hours cleaning the entire house , so mom wouldn't have to tomorrow .. such a good daughter i am ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! I hope everyone has a wonderful holiday , can't believe its here already .... :D 
Do not dwell in the past , do not dream of the future , concentrate the mind on the present moment . \ 
Buddha 
Dogs come when they're called ; cats take a message and get back to you later .  ( < PROPFIRST > Bly ) 
Welcoming 2011 !!! Saying goodbye to 2010 with the happy times of graduating highschool and starting college . Hopefully 2011 will be better and full of great things . :) 
back at cofc .... and i already miss home ... well lets start the new semester and finish up freshman year ... :) 
busy day ... woke up , bought my text books for under $200 , went to the grocery store with < PROPFEMALE > , and met my new roomate !!! Pretty great day !!! 
First day of second semester tomorrow ... 8 a.m. Biology lecture , then 1030 lab , and 400 stats .... ready to begin ... i guess :) 
well so much for a first day ... All my classes at cofc are cancelled and apparently the entire state of South Carolina ... lol :D 
okay so I guess today is going to be the first day of class . It's going to be a very long day fro me : 925 English 1050 Sociology then 500-745 Public Speaking ... oh the joys ... jk ... :P 
first day of classes done ... Thank God ... :) Well status is I like sociology or at least its not going to be hard ... i think I will like public speaking b/c of the professor .. and english well i like the professor not the class . Getting ready for Bio 8am ... joy :P 
okay bio is done with !!!! Seems like a good class , one more class , STATS , at 4 . Now homework time ... 
done with class today .. one more class tomorrow then its 3 day weekend !!!! Now its just doing some homework :p 
done with class . its so nice to get out at 850 on fridays !!! Now the weekend !!!! 
so sick of stupid fire alarms .... first yesterday mornining at 4 a.m. then now the stupid hungary cougar having some problem making us go out at 10 a.m. there shall be no more .... : i 
after three hours I finally completed english homework . Now I have stats left and practicing my speech before Tuesday , then starts another round of hw ... great .. :( 
I'm finally done !!!! with Homework !!! Now I just have to practice my speech to make sure I stay in the time frame of 2-3 minutes .. so far it 2:29 !! Yh ! 
I am like a book , with pages that are stuck together for want of use : my mind needs unpacking and the truth stored within must be turned over from time to time , to be ready when occasion demands(Seneca ) . { This is me , and is a preview of the introduction to my speech} !!!! :D 
having a pretty good day . Found out my cousin is having a baby girl in June !!! :D and had a good interview for a job , so hope all works out for the best !!! :D 
loves how a movie can just turn your whole day around , just watched Letters to < PROPFEMALE > and I'm all smiles now !!! :D <3 
had an amazing three hour walk around Charleston ... so peaceful and relaxing . Plus I saw so many dolphins literally only feet away ... it made my day :D 
had a pretty good weekend with taking two really nice long walks in Charleston and reading the comic version of Pride and Prejudice which was really good . So , needless to say this weekend was very relaxing and peaceful :D 
\Go for long walks . Indulge in hot baths . Question your assumptions . Be kind to yourself . Live for the moment . Losen up . Scream . Curse the world . Count your blessings . Just let go . Just be ! \ " :D " 
tried to do something good , but was turned down because my iron was too low . :( 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for Toy Story 3 operation and connect 4 .. lol . 
going to bed ... very tired . then gym tomorrow morning and studying for bio and sociology exams .... fun ... jk :P 
went to the gym , then read chapters for sociology and bio , and just woke up from a much needed nap ... feelin pretty good :) 
a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day in Charleston , to bad i couldn't fully enjoy it because of the two exams coming up this week .. hope i do great :D 
This is so starting off as a great week !!! I GOT ACCEPTED TO USC !!!!!!!!! :D I'm so excited !!!!!! 
\Everybody wants to be a CAT !!! because the cat's the only cat who knows wheres it at ! \ " :D Meow !!!! " 
studying really hard for bio exam 1 tomorrow !!! Pray and Wish that i do great !!!!! :D 
two exams done ... thank goodness . :D 
Thank You < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for a great dinner and conversation . It was really fun and a great way to end the week :D 
i do not have bieber fever .... at least i hope not .. but i have to say some of his songs are catchy .... somebody to love ......... i just need somebody to love ... lol . 
Love is always patient and kind ; it is never jealous , love is never boastful or conceited ; it is never rude or selfish ; it does not take offense , and is not resentful . Love takes no pleasure in other peoples sins but delights in the truth ; it is always ready to excuse , to trust , to hope , and to endure whatever comes . Love does not come to an end . (a walk to remember ) 
so excited for tomorrow ... but not the super bowl , that i could care less . I'm excited for GLEE !!!! and maybe the puppy bowl .. lol ... 
puppy bowl and < PROPFEMALE > half time was really cute ... now Im just waiting for Glee !!!! :D 
who knew plants had so much to offer ... I knew they were vital to out existance , but I feel bio 112 is going to tell me much more that just the basics ... lol 
i love my afghan blankets !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3 
\Picture yourself in ten years ....... Girls does it look good ? Guys is it big enough ? We are talking about diamonds people\ " ... ( this was our groups introduction for public speaking ) . lol hehehe " 
7 a.m breakfast with roomates < PROPFIRST > Banks and < PROPFEMALE > Fleming , I think yes .... :D 
I think i may be ready to get away from cofc ... i'll miss certain ppl , but some i'm going to be relieved to get away from , finally . Ready to be home with my friends and family in Greenville !!! 
oh this weekend ... how i wish you would already be over with ... so much to do : finished two papers , now a 4-6 < PROPFEMALE > one , 2 short ones , and a speech , plus pratical studying ..... :( guess i will just lock myself in my room till its done .... weekend be done with .... 
Finally Done !!! Finished my 7 < PROPFEMALE > paper and 2 smaller papers ... now all I have to do is finsih writing my speech on < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( which I can do during the week ) and study for my lab practical for monday .... oh free .... so happy it only took seven hours ... 
I have been studying all day for my lab practical tomorrow .... so I hope I do great on it !!! please oh please oh please :) 
saved three lives by giving blood on this < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!! :D 
the week is almost over ... yh ... only four more classes this week !!! 
I decided what I want to do ... I want to be a OB/GYN Nurse Practioner or in other words Women's Health Nurse Practioner !!!! I'm happy !! :D 
going to sit outside on this beautiful 75 degree day and do nothing other than read my new book ( finally ) .. :D 
Amazing day today !!! Made a 100 on biology quiz , got to pet a zebra !!! and read < PROPFEMALE > Grange's Mr. < PROPFEMALE > Vampyre all in one day !!! And its above 70 degrees ... thats a perfect day !!! :D 
so funny to see all these little kids around town and everytime I pass them they say hello to me ... to cute ! :D 
This weekend has been really great , thanks to great friends and roomates !!!! :D 
ready for the next two weeks to be over and done with already , so I can go home for SPRING BREAK !!!! :D Until then .... stressed .. :( 
my informative speech tonight on \The Man behind the Queen\ " .... hope i do great tonight and make an A ..... :) " 
exhausted and really needs this week and next week to be over with already ... 
Spending the whole day at the library ..... fun ... :) 
glee oh glee .... u have made my day ..... :) 
classical music fills the soul with peace , love , and comfort ... <3 
going to go read six biology chapters and four sociology chapters for next weeks exams ... if any one needs me i'll be in the study room ... guarenteed .... :D 
done reading textbooks for the day , now idk .. im thinking the movie < PROPFIRST > and Isolde tonight <3 :D 
I got a CAR !!!!! :D 
YHHHH !!! < PROPMALE > Firth won best actor for The < PROPMALE>'s Speech !!!! 
AWESOME THE KING'S SPEECH WON BEST PICTURE !!!!! Now the week begins great !!! Lets hope it continues with lab , and two exams !!!! :D 
OMG < PROPMALE > GROBAN IS COMING BACK TO GREENVILLE JUNE 7TH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'M SO EXCITED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
sociology exam today .... hope I do great ... then its one more exam this week then home .. :D 
got an A on < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > speech !!! YH !!! Very happy with grades wise with all A's!!! Now lets continue with one more exam this week and then Home FINALLY !!! 
biology exam tomorrow morning ... hope i do great !!! then gym while watching < PROPMALE > Groban on Regis and < PROPFIRST > , and then HOME !!!!!!! :D 
It's offical me and my mom are going to see < PROPMALE > Groban June 7th !!!! We are right next to the stage !!!! What a great way to start off spring break !!! 
615 wake up call to go to a lacrosse game .... wow haven't been up that early even in college ... and < PROPFEMALE > rolling around on the floor and morning wake up hug from kota .... great to be home !!! :D 
saw The < PROPMALE>'s Speech today !!! It was an amazing film and I'm so glad it won best film and best actor :D 
Went to see Beastly today :D ... another great film ... Really funny though how , every time i see a movie w my dad its just me and him in the theater ... but it could be because we go early in the afternoon on a weekday ;) 
Back in Charleston ... I will enjoy my last seven weeks here .... but first lets get some studying and work done :D 
so very tired .... operating on two hours of sleep thanks to my dumb allergies ... oh spring i loathe you for bringing pollen . :( 
had a nice long dinner conversation with < PROPFEMALE > Knight !!!! It made my day :D 
really excited for Glee tonight !!!! It's reigionals and we get to see \Get it Right\ " which i think is an amazing song ... looking forward to Glee !!!!! :D " 
Glee made my week :D It was so amazing ... I love the song \Get it Right\ " and if i can find someone like < PROPMALE > its a done deal ;) I am a total GLEEK !!!!!! :D " 
There is a moment where you say to yourself \Oh there you are ! I've been looking for you forever <3 \ " ~ (Blaine to < PROPMALE > on Glee \ " The Originals \") <3 Glee " 
Girls Night out with < PROPFEMALE > Knight !!!! So much fun !!!! 
watching Must Love Cats on Animal Planet and learning some new things about domestic cats and wild cats ... plus really cool cat \trees\ " lol meow !! " 
just watched Speed on amc w keanu reeves and < PROPFEMALE > bullock ... very intense thrilling movie especially at 1 a.m. lol very good and i recommend others to watch it . it will be on again tomorrow :) 
first draft of english paper #2 done and persuasive speech done ... now I just need to practice speech for tuesday and study for lab tomorrow :) 
got out of lab early !!! :) Now revising my < PROPMALE > english paper , then practicing for my persuasive speech ... not a bad monday :) 
persuasive speech in public speaking tomorrow ... hope I do great ...... :) 
Persuasive speech in two hours .... hope I do great .... :) 
finished my speech on \Teenagers and Birth Control\ " made it within my time ... yh !! felt really good about this speech !!! " 
I believe I am truly ready for this semester to be over with ... I'm ready to return home .... 
feels ahead of the game .... finished reading sociology chapters , biology lab , editing papers , bio hw , and got a head start with also finsihing reading biology chapters for a test that isn't until 4/8 ... so feelin good about this .. alll i have to do is study for sociology and lab this weekend and that is it !!!!! :) 
\Doubt thou the stars are fire 
What and if , two words as nonthreatening as words come . But put them together side-by-side and they have the power to haunt you for the rest of your life : What if ?   ~ Letters to < PROPFEMALE > 
got an A on my persuasive speech \Teenagers and birth control\ " ! im so happy because the persuasive speech is supposed to be the hardest and i mastered it ! " 
sociology test tomorrow ... I hope I do really great on it , since I have been preparing for it since last week . :) 
It's APRIL !!!!! im very happy .... 24 days until I turn 18 !!! and 29 days until i leave CofC and frehman year is over :) 
TO THE NON-PET OWNERS who visit our homes . Don't complain about our pets . ( 1 ) They live here , you don't . ( 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture . ( 3 ) Chances are , I love my pets more then I like you . ( 4 ) To you , they are animals . To me , they are family who are hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back .??? Re-post if you love your pets ??? 
has my special occasion speech today .... let's hope I do great .... plus let's hope today is a much better normal day than yesterday ( please oh please ) ;) 
Special occasion speech complete !!! Now other things ... 
