is off for his typical Wednesday night meeting with his best friend for dinner and dancing . It's a bit overcast , but an otherwise perfect occasion for me to walk to dinner through the streets of my great city , Chicago . 

Decisions , decisions . Do I stay in and go to sleep early to be well-rested for a 15 mile run tomorrow morning ? Or do I go out tonight and shake that groove thing , shake that groove thing , yeah , yeah ? Argh , common sense is telling me to stay in and rest . W 
is stoked and ready to celebrate a night on the town after running 15 < PROPMALE > this morning ( a personal < PROPMALE > tone :) . 
ran 17 < PROPMALE > today in under 3 hours , but is left wondering how in the hell I'll be able to do 26.2 < PROPMALE > with \only\ " about 2 months of training left before M-Day . I'll hit the neighborhood bars in Rogers Park tonight to find out if the locals have any answers :) " 
feels great after running 19 < PROPMALE > along the lakefront from Rogers Park to the Chicago River and back in 3:08 . I feel lucky to have been born and raised in a city with such a beautiful lakefront : with mile after mile of parks , beaches , wooded areas , open fields , and thousands of attractive , fit people enjoying it all -- with the city's unequaled skyline as a backdrop . I love my amazing city ! 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care . No one should go broke because they get sick . No one should be denied medical care by their own insurer . No one should stay in a job because they are afraid to lose their insurance . If you agree , post as your status for the next 24 hours . 
is grateful to the Graduate School at Northwestern University for formally hiring me today as the attorney for their Student Legal Services Office . After my recent grad school hiatus , I am truly looking forward to practicing law again . 
finally has a job that he truly loves . How on Earth did that happen ? I now get out of bed in the morning enthusiastic because I mostly get to spend my days helping people to solve their problems - big and small . What an intoxicating feeling . 
just had his first Spring run ( well , one day before the official start of Spring run ) along beautiful Lake Michigan and through Chicago's exciting , eclectic North Side lakefront neighborhoods . Oh , how I missed running through my city and along its lake during the cold Chicago winter . Now's my < PROPMALE > to fall in love with my incomparable city all over again . Sweet . 
had a nice day today : getting some work done for my clients , visiting a friend who recently moved into an apartment in Edgewater with a nice sliver of a view of Lake Michigan , jogging through the city and admiring the beautiful old houses in Edgewater ( and Rogers Park ) , and seeing such a diverse array of people out enjoying the city's wonderful weather . It's a great time to be alive ! 
After being inspired yet again by my muse , < PROPFEMALE > Kramer , I've decided to run the Chicago marathon again this year . How nuts is that ? Next year , I'm doing London's! 
will have a great day today . It's 72ºF in Chicago and mostly cloudy ; perfect weather for a nice long run along the lake . No matter how challenging ( or easy ) the day may be otherwise , I always feel better after a decent run in nice weather in my beautiful city by the lake . 
has already had an eventful day : a 10 mile run partly along the lake on a cool foggy morning and a meeting with a client -- all before noon . Today's a good day . 
When one door of happiness closes , another opens , but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Keller 
ran 8.14 mi on May . 25 , 06:50 am ( Time : 01:10:37 ) 
ran 10.01 mi on May . 27 , 06:56 am ( Time : 01:24:50 ) 
ran 3.37 mi on Jun . 1 , 07:20 am ( Time : 00:26:15 ) 
ran 5.44 mi on Jun . 3 , 06:14 pm ( Time : 00:39:18 ) 
ran 12.75 mi on Jun . 6 , 07:24 am ( Time : 02:00:09 ) 
is NOT going to feel overwhelmed with work today . Among other things , I have to work on projects for < PROPFEMALE > , do research and writing for a law prof , and perform work for some clients . Holy **** ! At least I get to work from home today and can take a break this evening ! So let's get it started . Later FB ... 
has taken on a case that will require me to deal with a truly evil human being-a man who preys upon \the weak\ " for money and because it makes him feel powerful . I've promised myself to do everything that I can to help my client take this twisted **** down . Pro bono :'( but definitely worth it . " 
Happy Independence Day < PROPFEMALE > ! I know you're 234 years old today ; but don't worry , that's still relatively young for a country :) 
has had one of those wild weeks that I love so much but that just might eventually drive me crazy ! Going in and out of courtrooms , winning dismissals , settling a pain in the *** case , dealing with clients , volunteering , running , working out , and catching up with old friends . Now the weekend is upon us , and I'm so going to relax and celebrate a good week and a great life . Woot Woot ! 
' s MacBook is in grave condition . Her insurance has run out , and it would cost too much to cure her . She's had a good run , but , I may have to put her down . 
is blissfully relaxing to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > after cleaning my place from top to bottom . Only Mommie Dearest could criticize my work ; and I don't mean Ms. Crawford :) 
is on Lake Shore Drive heading north from downtown . What a beautiful city ! My kind of town Chicago is ... 
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams . Live the life you have imagined . \ 
\ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau 
If you don't like something , change it . If you can't change it , change your attitude . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
Happiness resides not in possessions and not in gold ; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul . \ 
- Democritus 
wonders why \some people\ " put themselves through the self-imposed torture of falling for unavailable people ; especially when there are often other options readily available . " 
loves his job at Northwestern . All day , all I do is help people try to solve their legal problems -- large and small . Sometimes I get this natural high ( like right now ) when I think that I've really provided great help to someone . 
Success is getting what you want . Happiness is wanting what you get . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Carnegie 
Dream as if you'll live forever . Live as if you'll die today . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
“Some cause happiness wherever they go ; others , whenever they go . ” - < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
is going out for a drive down Lake Shore Drive in a convertible on a cool summer night in my beautiful city . :D 
is enjoying a nice walk on a pleasant summer day through the beautiful quiet side streets of my leafy , tree-covered Rogers Park neighborhood :D 
is so excited to begin a new day ! After exercising , I'll be appearing in court for the first time in Will County , IL ( Plainfield ) , completing other legal work , and then going out this weekend to celebrate the end of a very , uh , interesting week for me personally ! Feel good and enjoy life FB peeps !! Here comes the sun !! :D 
loves it when I open my freezer and discover some delicious , decadent dessert that I forgot I had bought . Caramel sundae , you're mine ... mmm 
welcomes another Monday and busy , intense workweek . Enjoy the week FB friends !! Time flies when you're having fun ( and , as you get older , even when you're not :) 
wonders how I have the willpower to exercise most days of the week but am so powerless to resist burritos . I just discovered there are 24 Mexican restaurants within a mile of where I live , and I want to try at least one burrito from each place !! I'm so damn weak ! :'{ 
Fear less , hope more ; eat less , chew more ; whine less , breathe more ; talk less , say more ; love more , and all good things will be yours . ~ Swedish proverb 
It's so important to believe in yourself . Believe that you can do it , under any circumstances . Because if you believe you can , then you really will . That belief keeps you searching for the answers , and then pretty soon you get it . \ 
~ Wally < PROPMALE > 
appreciates this beautiful day in Chicago , has had a great week , and is really looking forward to enjoying the weekend . Life is Good ... Enjoy it while you have it :D 
is looking forward to another week filled with working , volunteering , exercising , and maybe a little fun here and there . Sure the weather's generally getting colder and the days shorter ; but native Midwesterners can handle that with no problem . Have a great week FBFs ... 
is enjoying the 75 degree weather on an early October afternoon in Lakeview . So nice ! 
\I never get mad when I see one of my ex's with someone new . My parents always taught me to give my old toys to the less fortunate . \ " ~ Robert Jones " 
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else ; you are the one getting burned . ~ Gautama Buddha 
doesn't get down to the South Side enough ! I'm going out partying down here and feel like I'm going back home , and I haven't even left the city . Feels great ! 
has had my faith in the general goodness of humanity reinforced tonight after some money fell out of my pocket onto a CTA train seat as I stood up to exit , and then some random guy who was sitting behind me tapped me on the shoulder and pointed to the cash . Most people are good :D 
wonders why almost everyone outside is dressed like it's 10 degrees . Better yet , why am I dressed like it's 70 ? :-/ 
No more Mr. Nice Guy ! Bwahahaha ! 
\In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life . It goes on . \ " ~ Robert Frost " 
I never make the same mistake twice . I make it 5 or 6 times , just to be sure ~ Robert Jones 
is ready for a new week after a great weekend : movies and dancing on Friday night , a brilliant CSO concert on Saturday night , tantric meditation and hanging out with the family on Sunday . Now , I'm ready for a busy week of work and then a crazy Halloween weekend . Enjoy life FB peeps :D 
\A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties . \ " ~ Truman " 
VOTE TODAY ! POLLS CLOSE AT 7 P.M. IN CHICAGO !! 
\Develop success from failures . Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success . \ " ~ Dale Carnegie " 
Never wore sunglasses until this Halloween . Now I'm addicted to my new dark world . I even sometimes wear my sunglasses at night ... lol :D 
As you begin to think about all the things in your life you are grateful for , you will be amazed at the never-ending thoughts that come back to you of more things to be grateful for . You have to make a start ... ~ Rhonda Byrne 
Thanks everyone for all of the birthday wishes ! I really appreciate it ! :D 
Nothing is more powerful than beauty in a wicked world . ~ Amos < PROPFIRST > 
Loves the look on people's faces when they realize they've mistaken kindness for weakness . How'd it feel walking into that brick wall ? Ha ! 
welcomes the end of a long , hard week of work and is looking forward to a great weekend of crazy fun ! :D 
Never ruin an apology with an excuse . ~ Kimberly < PROPMALE > 
Misery loves company . So does love , joy , peace , faith and hope ! Choose this day to keep the right company . It will change your life . ~ Anthony Vickers 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well ..... Be a good sport and play along 
I need some musical inspiration . Please post a song or video to my wall that makes you feel happy , pumped , inspired , motivated , excited , etc ... 
One reason I love my job at Northwesten and my volunteer work so much is not just because I get to help people solve their legal problems -- which is very fulfilling ; but because doing this work also forces me to put my own life into perspective and realize how insignificant my \problems\ " are in comparison to so many others . Life is good ! Enjoy it while you have it =) " 
had a great weekend . I got to go out and have fun , in Chicago's cold weather , both Friday and Saturday , including listening to music , dancing , and having dinner with an old friend from grad school , < PROPFEMALE > , who I haven't seen in years ! Good times ! Now , I have to focus on work again with a laser-like intensity starting tomorrow ! That's life ! 
The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude . ~ William < PROPFIRST > 
If we only wanted to be happy it would be easy ; but we want to be happier than other people , which is almost always difficult , since we think them happier than they are . ~ Charles de Montesquieu 
