doesn't know what to do 

wants a new job 
home alone for a week 
Killswitch's new album is vicious . It's a beautiful thing . 
is going to see District 9 
First day of school . Not too bad . Hopefully it stays that way . 
blarrrrrrrrgg 
160 minutes for a single game of ODST . W . T . F ? 
is really tired of being a sickling 
We cannot swim under these conditions . We're drowning quicker and quicker . We cannot swim , we cannot swim . 
is tired . Has to work all day tomorrow . Bedtime ... 
working 5-close tonight , tomorrow , thursday , friday . Talk about a sucky week . 
hates Ohio . Why , oh why must it be so freakin ' cold ? 
happy birthday to my mommy 
sleepy . Think it's beddy-by time 
Flyleaf + Chevelle + Three Days Grace = Best . Concert . Ever ! 
Tigers love pepper . They hate cinnamon . 
was not on mafia wars all night long . I fell asleep last night and forgot to turn my laptop off . So everyone who im'd me , no I was not ignoring you . I was sound asleep in dreamland . 
wishes his baby wouldn't get sick :-( 
bored . tired . have to close tonight . meh . 
has to be awake for work in 2 hours and 45 minutes . And hasn't been to bed yet . This is going to be a good day . 
just got home from a Saosin concert . Which was pretty much awesome btw . 
http://nocturnalmoth.deviantart.com/gallery/#EGGS-and-PILLS 
Stalking people on Facebook at 2 in the am . Yeah . I'm a creeper . 
Why is nobody online at 4 in the morning ? What , do you people think you have lives or something ? 
totally thought he had another hour before work . Ugh . 
is going to see iwrestledabearonce tomorrow . Should be pretty awesome . 
moshed in the pit . took an elbow to the face . cheek swollen . may bruise . was pretty fun though 
Sleepy . Working til close . May go see the Little White One later . 
Beyond the pale , everything is black . No turning back . This is where it starts . This is where it will end . 
There was a firefight !!! 
Off to Blanquito's 
Bored , sitting at home with nothing to do . Yippee 
We caught you plotting murder , but now the tide is turning . We'll light our souls , heal our bones upon your empire burning . 
Sick of being sick and tired 
Curly fries + Firefly + Snuggie = A Happy Kepa 
No ticky , no laundry ! 
mmmm chipotle ... :) 
Avatar on Bluray = sexy 
You don't call retarded people retarded , it's in bad taste . You call your friends retarded when they act retarded . 
supposed to have worked 12-5 today . Ended up working 12-12 . Awesome . 
Community Property by Steel Panther . Listen to it . 
misses his girlfriend :( 
sigh 
\He's a self-made man who worships his creator \"" 
Off to work 
When life slips you a < PROPFIRST > , stroke the furry walls . 
Having a less than mediocre week 
New iPhone :-) 
Hey everyone , I got a new phone which means that I don't have anybody's number stored . If you could send me a text saying who you are so I can rebuild my contact list , I would appreciate it . My number is the same , 330 978-1130 
Off to work . Closing again but I have tomorrow off . Woohoo . 
Finally leaving work . Got written up for the first time in the over 4 years i've been there . Awesome . 
For some reason is creeping people on facebook instead of sleeping . Think i need to remedy that 
Knows of a certain cat that had better stop biting my feet while I sleep if he knows what's best for him 
Remembers why he hates chemistry . It's completely retarded 
Finally home from work . Put in an extra 2 hours today cause it was stupid busy . Need sleep . Starting to feel a little under the weather . 
He's climbing in your windows , he's snatching your people up ... 
No work and nothing to do today ? Any suggestions ? 
Went to mom's for dinner . Now i'm back home with nothing to do . Opening tomorrow so maybe i'll just throw in a movie and fall asleep . Boring day today 
\Do not let big ambitions overshadow small successes " 
Is it morning already ? Dang . Work til 5 . Then who knows what 
Done with work . Anybody want to do anything tonight ? 
Just watched < PROPFIRST > Brand's stand up . Hilarious . You should watch it 
Going to bed i suppose . Gotta find a good movie to fall asleep to . Or would ot be better to find a crappy movie ? Lol ' night all 
So < PROPFIRST > decided to go all < PROPMALE > kong on his sctatching post by jumping onto the very top of it . What he didn't realize is that he's a little fatty , so once he hit the top , the whole thing toppled over on top of him . Epic fail 
Did some laundry , watched a movie . Now it's time to get ready for work . Closing again ( even though I'm supposed to have Wednesdays off ) 
Home from work . Sales say we were slow but it didn't feel like it . Gonna finish watching my movie and then go to bed 
Another boring day . At least it's raining . Guess I'll do more laundry . Thinking about getting Reach ... 
Is home from work and about to play some modern warfare with < PROPFIRST > jolly 
Just chillin with mt < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > today . I really need to go to the store seeing as i have no food here but I think that'll wait til tomorrow 
Saturday morning meetings suck 
I got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes\ 
Hate in my heart , love in my mind\ 
I seen nights full of pain , days of the same\ 
You keep the sunshine , save me the rain\ 
I search but never find , hurt but never cry\ 
I work and forever try , but I’m cursed , so never mind\ 
And it’s worse , but better times seem further and beyond\ 
The top gets higher the more that I climb 
Just woke up from like a 4 hour nap ... 
Hanging out at my uncle's today 
Sooo tired . Darn you Reach . Darn you . 
Blaaaarrrrrrrggggg 
Opening today after closing last night . Woohoo . 
Starting to get sick :-( 
Carnifex = most intense band ever 
My mind got destroyed by As I Lay Dying . Then tore up some Reach with < PROPFIRST > Mazanec . Time to geta few winks in before going home tomorrow morning . 
Going to slave my night away . Ears are still ringing from last night . Oh well 
Just gotta get through today and then the weekend is here . Oh but what a long day it is . 
Off to work . Closing tonight then have the whole weekend off . Almost feels worth it . Almost . 
Not much going on today . Just relaxing today 
Did pretty much nothing productive today . Which was awesome . Think i'm going to continue that for the remainder of the night and , who knows , maybe even tomorrow . Yeah , i like the way that sounds 
Gold Peak Sweet Tea = delicious 
Just had a complete stranger ask me if I was the \candy lady's\ " son . No lie . " 
Saw the town last night on a whim with < PROPFIRST > . It was alright , but I had higher hopes . Went to bed after 1 and for some reason got up at 7 because the cat was attacking my feet . Wonderful 
My nap was entirely too short . Going to work I suppose 
Got some good news this morning :-) 
Loves waking up every 2 hours during the night and not being able to fall back to sleep 
Actually made it through a whole night without waking up . It was nice for a change . 
Finally going to bed now . Wow , am I tired 
Too . Freakin . Early . Not . Enough . Sleep . 
Still have a bit of the migraine from last night . Not fun . 
Is about to finally go to bed . Yep , I pulled an all-nighter 
Hurray for 3 1/2 hours of sleep . Guess that's what happens when you drink a 24 oz Rockstar at 12:30 am 
Mmm ... Chipoltle ... 
Finally tired enough to fall asleep . Goodnight ! 
Was walking through my apartment's hallway when i heard some really loud music . That was coming from my room . Turns out my cat Somehow turned the radio on and turned the volume up full blast . Yep , eviction here I come 
Off to work . Done at 10 . Pretty excited I don't have to close 
Done with work . Stayed an extra hour to help out cause i'm just that nice . Showering then going to walmart . Whoo ! 
How fast does a zebra have to run before it looks gray ? 
Another restless night . Have a lot i want to do before work and not enough energy to do it 
Totally has a new toaster . Go ahead . Be jealous 
Just got home from an 11 hour shift . Time for bed methinks because i'm doing it again tomorrow 
Eating some cheerios before work . Mmmm :-) 
Home from work . Have to be back at 8 am to open and my opening waitress called off . Tomorrow is going to be interesting . Sadly , i'm not really tired enough to sleep . Sigh . 
Fell asleep around 1:30 and then woke up around 4 and couldn't fall back to sleep . Working 8-2 then going to mom's for a bit 
Feels like it's about to time to have a breakdown 
Bowling :-) 
Crappy day turned into a good night :-) 
Woke up at 4 again but was able to go back to sleep this time . Scheduled til 8 but gonna try to get out early . We'll see how that works lol 
FINALLY getting off work . So much for getting off early 
Hmm ... What to do on my day off ? 
Just woke up from a 3 hour nap with < PROPFIRST > sitting on my chest with his nose not 2 inches from mine , just staring at me . Creepy ... 
T-minus 2 hours ... 
Home from work . Think i'm gonna watch some afro samurai and then go to bed 
Today is going to be a good day 
Pretty much napped all day . Had a few things i wanted to do but decided to forego them in the name of sleep . And i'm perfectly fine with that 
Work meeting at 9 then working 12-10 . What a fabulous way to spend a saturday 
Think it's finally time for me to go to bed . Work 8-8 tomorrow . Really looking forward to that . Maybe i'll be able to get off early ... Bah , who am i kidding ? Night all 
Home from work :-) 
Truly hates the groundskeepers here . I was sleeping so well ... 
$43.56 to fill up my tank . Yeah , at 15 mpg I really don't think I'm gonna miss the car that much 
Eureka ! 
Yeah , i am up at 4:23 am . And of course , the obvious thing to do is to creep facebook instead of trying to fall back asleep 
Home from work . Potentially working 14 hours tomorrow . Think I'll pop on Eureka , get something to eat and then hit the hay 
When life gives you lemons , make lemonade . And then throw it in life's face 
Home from work . Pretty tired . Gonna go to bed after I finish eating . Possibly going to the work meeting tomorrow and the working 3-1 . Good night facebook 
Woke up a good 5 or 6 times throughout the night . Got a total of about 3 , maybe 4 hours of sleep , and I get to work 3-1 tonight . I can already feel the headache coming on ... 
Home from work . It's funny , today's 10 hours didn't seem nearly as long as yesterday's 8 . Interesting . Hopefully tomorrow goes by just as fast or faster 
Just destroyed some people in Reach with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . Time for bed I suppose though 
Loves having to work 4 extra hours a week for free . Cause 50 isn't enough , right ? 
Was just driving behind someone who was texting while driving ... A motorcycle . It's official ; we've reached a new level of stupidity 
\Life throws up all over you sometimes \"" 
Leaving work . It was crazy busy tonight , I'm sure many of you can attest for that . But overall it was a good night . Gonna go home , feed < PROPFIRST > , and fall asleep to eureka 
Going out to lunch with the grandparents . Then mr < PROPFIRST > jolly is coming over today . Should be a good time 
Is suffering from LCS syndrome 
And boom goes the dynamite 
Came home and found < PROPFIRST > sleeping in my bathroom sink 
Pretty tired . Thought I was going to fall asleep hours ago but became enthralled in the world of Heroes . One more episode and then bedtime 
It's too early . I want to still be sleeping 
Finally home . Went to perkins after work with some friends . Had a pretty good time . Now going to fall asleep to Heroes 
Rent : $390\ 
Internet : $40\ 
Phone : $40\ 
Gas : $45\ 
Insurance : $70\ 
If I knew growing up was so expensive I would have moved to Neverland a long time ago 
Totally forgot I had popsicles . Awesome :-) 
Monday can't get here soon enough 
37 degrees . Dislike . 
Fml . Just locked myself out of both my car and my apartment . And I don't have a coat 
Has been rescued . Thank you mommy 
Shoot me in the face 
Just put 16.025 gallons into my 16 gal tank . Can you say cutting it close lol 
Anyone want to go to the movies tonight ? 
Watching Toy Story 3 with < PROPFEMALE > :-) 
Good lord this line is long . Just 20 more minutes ... 
Just got home from watching Due Date . Now I have Black Ops , a frozen pizza , a Rockstar , and some Doritoes . Oh yes , it is going to be a good night :-) 
Time for work . Gotta make a midnight delivery x-p 
Leaving work now . Yep , 1am on a Wednesday 
My hands hurt so bad :-( 
Perkins after work . Always a good thing . Off tomorrow :-) now time for bed 
For some reason I woke up at 5:30 and couldn't fall back to sleep . Weird 
Leaving work now . Dishwasher got sick and had to go home at 7:30 . Sent the server home at 10:45 . @ < PROPFIRST > Stroup and I had it covered though 
Plow hard everyone . Plow hard 
< PROPFEMALE > much ? 
Angry music makes me happy 
< PROPFIRST > just curbstomped my pizza :-( 
Definately thought today was wednesday til I saw all of the tgif statuses ... 
\Did you just hit me with a soggy noodle ? I'm gonna twist your cheesy bite\ " - Nicci " 
Fell asleep a litlle after 10 . And now I'm awake ... 
Why do the Beatles have 45 of the top 50 songs on itunes ? 
* yawn*\ 
* looks at clock*\ 
* sigh * 
Are you freaking serious black ops ? Disconnecting us on round 20 ? Screw you 
Bedtime . I'm so sleepy 
Happy National Day of Gluttony ! 
Thought I would go out and see if I could find some scraps left behind this morning . Saw that roughly 97.9% of the parking spots were still filled and turned right around and came home 
I don't want to go to work arrgghhh ... 
Angry Birds = my new addiction 
Fml . That is all . 
http://i.imgur.com/hwU3Z.gif 
Baaallllssss 
Off to work . Yippee . 
Hmmm . Maybe I'll go to bed now ? 
If I have to listen to the crappy music at work for much longer , I will kill myself 
Tonight was kinda awful . Tomorrow will be better 
Hmmm , a high of 35 this week . DISLIKE ! 
Work til close . Going to be a long night ... 
Finally home and going to bed . Went to perkins for 2 1/2 hours after work . Fun times :-) 
Home sweet home . Back to work in 7ish hours . And I'm not tired ... 
15 mph ? The roads aren't THAT bad . And you have an AWD . Good grief 
Wooooow 2 out of 3 posts on here are the number things . Anyways , home from work . Hopefully gonna puma it up on my new tv :-) 
< PROPFIRST > is seriously freaking me out 
You have to grab life by the throat and squeeze before it grabs you by your neck and breaks it . Own your < PROPFEMALE > 
You shouldn't throw stones if you live in a glass house , and if you have a glass jaw you should watch your mouth . Cause I'll break your face . 
Watching \The A-Team\ " :-) " 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smETLCCPTVo&feature=player_embedded 
Home from work . Meeting in the morning , but I have a feeling tomorrow is going to be a good day :-) 
Wedgewood :-) yup , just call me < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Sweet dreams are made of these . Who am I to disagree ? Travel the world and the seven seas . Everybody's looking for something . 
Too . Freaking . Early . 
Pimps don't cry 
Sometimes life doesn't always go your way but that just means it was someone else's turn . < PROPFEMALE > tight . You'll get hooked up again soon . 
Went out to lplook at the eclipse . Nothijg but overcast . Screw you ohio 
I feel like I'm dying ... 
Why am I not tired ? 
At the mall . Realizing amaerica is composed almost entirely of procrastinators like myself 
This has been a good week :-) 
Has to work an 11 hour shift in less than 4 hours . Doesn't regret staying up though 
< PROPMALE > young made me breakfast and bought me a rockstar . Such a sweetheart . 
Home from work . Got no plans for tonight or all day tomorrow 
Ni < PROPFEMALE > bien qu'on m'a fait ni < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > l 
Just grubbed at O'Charley's with the fam . Now what ? 
Just got home from work . Yeah .... 
Is having a Jolly good time 
Black Swan made my head hurt 
I don't care what people say , Get Him to the Greek is still funny the 10th time you see it 
Nicci is awesome ;-) 
Why is my car covered with snow ? I thought we were done with this Ohio 
Bedtime finally ? I think so 
Nicci is still awesome !!!!!!! ;) 
To all my pizza hut peeps . Meeting next Saturday at 9:30 
Home from work and walmart . Now watching V for Vendetta . Remember , remember the 5th of November ... 
Passed out before 9 . Now here i am . Wide awake at 4:30 . Awesome 
I'm hongry 
You're right , I get it . It all makes sense , you're the perfect person . So right , so wrong . Let's all live in your imaginary life . 
I am fueled by all forms of failure . I paid the price , so I'll take what's mine 
In < PROPMALE > pretty badass I am finally aware of how awesome Nicci is !!!!!!!! 
Soooooo tiiiirrreeeddddd 
It's going to be a looooooooong day 
I won't say anything about me being awesome but that u can consider urself once again facebook hacked !!!!!! Heheheh <3 nicci 
\On a 1-10 scale 
I'll chain you to the truth for the truth shall set you free . I'll turn the screws of vengeance and bury you with honesty . I'll make all your dreams come to life and slay them as quickly as they came . Smother another failure . Lay this to rest . 
I you play a < PROPFIRST > Bieber song backwards you can hear messages from Satan . Even worse , if you play it forwards you can hear < PROPFIRST > Bieber 
Go to google and type in \french military victories\ " and hit the \ " I'm feeling lucky\ " button " 
Has been feeling pretty good lately . I like it :-) 
Nicci rocks , just to let everyone know <3 me 
\how you like them peaches <3 \"" 
Passed my servsafe test :-) 
Blending rainbows 
Our lives are over in so many moments , so many moments . And now they're all just beginning , they're all just beginning . 
Why does my cat insist on sticking my head in the toilet when it's currently in use ? Oh that's right , he's \special \"" 
So < PROPFIRST > decided that he wasn't going to work his last week . Which means that my day off is now a day that I close . Awesome 
Kidnapped and i like it ! 
Yet another day off has become another work day . This is day 8 . Let's see how long this streak continues 
Day 10 of work done , 3 to go . Time for some nyquil and a movie 
Good night , good day :-) 
Chupathingy 
Just put $50.72 in my gas tank . Fml 
Sooooo tired . Work 12-10 
apartment is clean , dishes are done . Thank you Nicci Dunkerton :-) 
