everyone have fun for me on their 3 day weekend ... i have work :( 

Thanks to all the birthday wishes and my birthday party that resembled < PROPFIRST > and lyns ' wedding 
wants to do something fun tonight 
might be staying in :( 
bulldog or no bulldog ?? the question 
i love marGOritas ! you should try these things out at rouses 
wow , cutting missile defense ?? another great reason why im SOOO glad i didn't vote for Obama .... thanks to those that did , i can't wait to be Iranian , i always wanted to be exotic 
Whos coming to support team CORDINA on net 1 at 830 at coconut ... its gonna be fun ! Miley < PROPMALE > ??? 
drop drop it low girl 
weekends like these make me hate my job :( 
missing freds already 
shuffleboard torney at monkey hill at 7 . Anyone ? 
ALRIGHT , ALRIGHT 
can't goto sleep before 12 because he wakes up at 4 am and plays on fb 
in the ATL bra 
just sold a shirt just now ! 
cleaning his nasty frat house with favorite roomate ... not < PROPFIRST > 
is home come over ... MAIN EVENT AT 8 !! bring ur pastries for < PROPFIRST > to throw at nicks face 
watch lawman i think im making my tv debut ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ringwalds sat night at southport ... 
just booked a place for this weekend .... ohhh boy 
Girls ... stop being girls and do it ! 
tried the organic ...... i want my whole milk back 
coming home < PROPMALE > , anyone miss me ?? 
lets be nothing ... i heard it lasts forever 
just had crayfish au gratin , salad , gumbo , noodles and pasta , and fish with crab sauce .... and then blueberry banana pudding !! how you think im feeling 
Mikey B is gettting married !!!! WHAT ???!!!! 
surprised my phone doesnt work after being submerged in a hot tub , whens that technology coming out . can i patent that ?? 
Watching P.S. I love you alone so no one sees me cry 
Everyone needs to check out SIP AND PAINT on ridgelake dr. awesome time !! goto the website sipandpaint.com 
Thanks everyone for hanging out last night for my bday !! hope ya'll had fun 
Thanks for all the bday wishes !! Whos coming with us to the LSU game this weekend ?? 
What a weekend in atl !!! 
I have the best sister in the whole wide world . 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > mcconaughey at work today , what you do ? :) 
Can't wait to sleep in my < PROPMALE > size bed alone on ski trip thanks guys :) !! 
Thursday night at 9 on syfy channel ( 45 ? ) My bears and I are in an episode of Fact or Fiction . Might be a good laugh ! 
Sassy , give Mittens a kiss for me :) 
14 A sidewalk side last person on the middle level of Endymion ... yes after Bacchus ! 
