wonders where they come from ... why do we have them ... what do they mean ... those nightmares that are fit to be in police reports ... 

has her biology homework done , exam on Monday , English paper to finish editing for Tuesday and then biology starts all over again . 
doesn't care anymore , she's excited and that's all there is to it ! 
wishes all to know that His Majesty will arrive on MONDAY at 1:30 in our own nation's airport . Paparazzi will not be permitted . 
has Biology homework for this week to do before noon on Saturday not to mention a paper for English due on Tuesday and another week's of Biology to get done so that < PROPMALE > won't have to watch her do homework the whole time he's here . 
LESS THAN 40 HOURS I'M SO EXCITED ! 
LESS THAN 30 HOURS ! 
< PROPMALE > departs Utah at 9am ( EST ) and arrives at 1:30 pm ! 
< PROPMALE > departs Utah at 8am ( EST ) and arrives at 1:30 pm ! 
is so excited and she just can't hide it ! 
I'll sell my < PROPMALE > . I'll sell my reel/I'll sell my only spinning wheel/to buy my love a sword of steel 
got a zero because the teacher had technical difficulties and wasn't able to open the assignment . 
has to go to church without < PROPMALE > :( 
< PROPFEMALE > skipped Institute to talk to < PROPMALE > in stereo ... and < PROPMALE > Roll her mama . 
' s Mom took over her Facebook . 
is totally pretending to study for the exam today . 
' s engagement ring is done being sized ! 
is fighting for her grades . 
' s getting married in the morning . Also in November , but it is undeniably in the morning . 
HATE . HATEHATEHATEHATEHATEHATEHATE TEACHER WHO SCREW YOU ON THE LAST WEEK HATEHATEHATEHATE 
go so upset today that she couldn't even spell properly . 
has two more days , one paper , and one exam . 
is done with school . Forever . At least until the next semester . But right now it's forever . 
has a ... B ... in Biology ... incredulity and ecstatic joy describe this but ... huh ? 
has to wait less than 9 days ! 
has 7 days and counting ! 
has SIX DAYS ! 
has to wait five more days ? Whyyyy .... 
is counting Friday , Sunday , Monday ... 
may have possibly gotten WoW working on her desktop again . 
OMGONEMOREDAIMARRYMENOW 
most certainly does not appreciate disrespectful males who do not understand nor care about boundaries and would just as soon manhandle a girl as look at her without any care or concern for her wishes or comfort . 
is on Hiatus . 
cannot ... sleep ... no more ... wakefulness ... but ... sleep ... it eludes me ... 
is having Zombie dreams like crazy , three for the record two on the previous consecutive nights . Only the one of the night before was genuinely disturbing , gory , apocalyptic , and horrific . The rest are pretty mild with a complete lack of single minded Zombies bent on destruction . But there were still Zombies . 
is stealing other people's babies again . 
is as logical as the Vulcans ... and about as insufferable . 
thinks it's funny when she see something about bleach tablets and thinks of Soul Reapers . 
has a wedding dress . 
has fallen in love with yet another soda . 
is acutely aware of the various definitions of the term \Epic Fail \"." 
says \May the bird of paradise fly up your nose . \"" 
is all made of hinges . 
is blearily preparing to go to the conference for crazy people ... who else would plan something at such a horrific hour ... 
is afk until Wednesday or Saturday due to no power cord for her lappy ... 
is aliiiiive ! 
has three thousand to go ... 
has 2.7 k to go ... 
I had no idea that < PROPMALE > Astley had a WoW commercial too . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91ZCK5Oo05M&feature=fvsr 
lol , 8-bit ! 
has emerged triumphant from three phone calls , two e-mails , foreign tech support , and supervisors ! Received Item : 1 [ Bag of Snickers ] +500 reputation to faction Grandparents . 
is so tired she tried to start the car ... only trouble was ... there wasn't a clutch to push in . Automatics + Exhaustion = fail . 
http://smouch.net/lol/ 
is totally plotting in front of your back . 
is providing an entirely free service announcement . 8-bit Theater is up . 
would like her friends to know that they're cooler than < PROPMALE>'s friends . < PROPMALE>'s friends reported to Facebook that he was a hacker when he < PROPMALE > Rolled them . You guys know better ! Ha ! Superiority all over the place ! Right here ! 
but I don't WANNA get ready for work this early ! 
has snow . 
Inc Dad ! Oh noes ! The Mamma is sick ! Intercept , Intervene , Hand of Protection ! SOMETHING ! 
is getting married . 
is getting married on February 20th . Be there or no cake for you . 
is stuck in the seventh largest snow < PROPFEMALE > has EVER RECORDED . 
has just realized that everyone's talking about Avatar with aliens instead of Avatar with airbending . 
has come to the even sadder realization that M . Night Shyamalan is the director of Avatar with airbending . 
does not chew her food very well . Why , this stew looks identical as when she ate it nine hours ago ! 
is disillusioned . 
46 days 
45 days ... 
44 days 
FORTY DAYS ! 
39 . yup 
38 ! 
37 is a horrible day . 
I lost track , is it really 32 ? Do I really have to have invitations mailed tomorrow ? Not happening today ! I have like two hours not scheduled for all of today ... 
28 days ... ick 
27 days and I feel my time would be better spent eloping . 
26 ? 
25 , way to start out poorly . 
24 days until the wedding , day two of wacky adventure dreams 
Onyxia is srs bsns 
23 days until the Wedding , and 20 days until I get to om nom no- ... er ... see ... < PROPMALE > ... ya ... 
22 is my favorite number . Next to < PROPMALE > , that is . 
21 or 18 ? 
hates eggs and as a result is too icky to keep up with FB updates . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your firstname , copy and paste this as your status , then under comments post the first entry that came up for the meaning of your name . I am endorsing this for the only reason is ' cause I'm defined properly . 
has too much snow to talk to < PROPMALE > . 
is supposed to be at work right now ... surprise surprise ! 
is back , okay , and had fun . 
is not dead yet . 
wonders why the French are the ones who made the Facebook < PROPFEMALE > for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... didn't they surrender just to be safe the last time there was a marathon of Texas Ranger ? 
is in the process of creating a wedding registry , upon popular request . 
is as done with the only wedding registration you're going to get ! Feel free to provide gifts from the registry , and/or according to your budget , and/or that you think we would like ' cause I've decided that the DI has waaaay better prices . 
lost track of the number of times she got lost . 
can be reached at 801-358-9199 
has the antisocial ... AAACHOOOOO ! 
is never online . 
is a firm believer that building a mosk on the ashes of 9-11 would be just like building a christian house of worship in Jerusalem after the crusades . It'd show just how much we care . ' Cause just ' cause extremists taking our beliefs too far killed all of your children doesn't mean we don't want to remind you of it every time you see us . 
doesn't really do much on facebook . 
has just realized that not only is her father on facebook but she's already friends with him . 
spent a whopping twelve bucks on steak and carbonated grape juice because they go well with waffle fries . 
deserves a gold < PROPFEMALE > . 
is celebrating < PROPMALE>'s birthday next week ! 
Call me crazy but this idiot who gave all that military information to WikiLeaks ? Shoulda been shot like the traitor he is . Compromising my safety ? Ya , shoot him or give me a gun to do it for you . He's done no less then causing the deaths of who knows how many american lives by releasing confidential information to the general public . 
I like to sleep for 14 hours straight ... But since I got up at like 8 in the morning anyway does that make me an early riser ? 
Eternal Darkness : Sanity's Requiem ... not for the faint hearted . 
I feel fantastic and I never felt as good as how I do right now except for maybe when I think of how I felt that day when I felt the way that I do right now . 
Obamacare stifling medical innovation ? Psh , it's already being stifled . I mean , look what they did to that guy who found a cure for cancer ! 
Fourth of July = Gay Day ? I'm sorry gay community ... but it's already reserved ... 
< Terminal case of Devil's Advocacy . 
I believe my wit has been withheld from some on the internet ... I HAVE SINCE FIXED THIS . Drat you privacy settings ... drat you ... 
Crown < PROPMALE > was invented so gamers could use the bags to hold dice . 
Coupons ? Great ! Online ? I has interwebz ! Printing ... Printing ... Printer not found . WTB Printer . 
Duality - When the natural man says \OMG THIS IS THE BEST IDEA EVAR ! \ " and the rest of your brain says \ " NUH UH\ " For a good idea flip to < PROPFEMALE > 32 . To choose to act instead of be acted upon close the book . " 
