happy new year , may 2010 be even better . 

can't help but wonder if I'm making a huge mistake ... 
feels an odd disconnect with the rest of the world . 
has too much heat and not enough water . 
is the cause to all your problems . 0 :) 
There is nothing good about life if there is nothing bad . 
lost her phone , goddamnit 
I cannot believe my eyes , how the world's full of filth and lies . 
Today , though I had my old phone hooked up after losing my new phone , I am clumbsy and broke the old phone . FML . 
FINALLY fixed her keyboard ! 
Vegan Orange < PROPMALE > Cornmeal Waffles : Pretty Darn Tasty ! 
LISTEN ALL YA'LL IT'S A SABOTAGE ! 
I've got a lot to say , just make sure you want to hear it 
You don't know shit , and you're not shit . Don't take that the wrong way , that was meant to cheer you up . 
Tonight : DETHKLOK DETHKLOK DETHKLOK DETHKLOK 
hates writing . HATES . 
got hit on at work by a customer . It was all sorts of awkward . 
BRRAAAAAAINSS 
is back from Baltimore ! 
can't stand laying in bed anymore . It's the suck . 
hates being sick :( 
knows how it feels to be second best . 
is spending Thanksgiving with cats . Cats need Thanksgiving love too ! 
is broke as a joke 
hearts almond milk ! 
my CO2 Emission lies between 0- 5.1 ton per year ... I think that's pretty good . 
was taught how to enter into the world of witchcraft by Pokemon . 
is a fool in love . 
is boooored in Milwaukee . Any ideas of what to do ? 
Happy 2011 kids , what should my New Year's resolution be ? 
Come on Magic 8-ball , another \Ask again later\ " please ! " 
White 
is going to be in West Bend on Tuesday and Wednesday . /cry 
was so bored at work , I < PROPFIRST > a watch on my wrist with my end time on it . It did not help diminish the boredom . 
has the day off ! yay ! 
was just hit on by a man who was at least three times my age , probably older @_@ 
Butter Pecan Soy Ice Cream : I've never felt so old lady-ish and avant-garde at the same time 
sexual frustration is frustrating ! 
biking home from work in 17 degrees and 15 mph winds is a lot more fun than one would think 
iPad , do want 
My glasses have been found ! It's a hungover miracle ! 
pudding <3 
I am reading a solid 1 on the hurns scale right now . 
Sushi tomorrows ? < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , I'm looking at you ! 
seahorses FOREVER . 
self control is over-rated 
Pee takes precedence . Keep that in mind , kiddies . 
I want to go home . 
spring break ! 
I give myself very good advice , but I very seldom follow it . Will I ever learn the things I should ? 
is going back to the start . 
RELATIONSHIPS ARE BULLSHIT ! I don't care if I am ever in one again or ever have sex again for that matter . 
Found a peanut , found a peanut , found a peanut just now , just now I found a peanut , found a peanut just now . 
I hate parking tickets ! X ( 
I have a solar tattoo ! it's a tramp stamp I like to call \Sunrise Over a Full Moon \"" 
my phone is dead and it won't recharge =\\ 
Messing around on a iPad at the Apple store :) 
No one is at my house , I am boooored 
My POS cell phone won't charge . HURNS . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! <3 
DIE DIE DIE ! KILL DIE KILLKILLDIEKILLDIEDIEDIEDIEKILLDIEKILLKILL 
Smash anyone ? 
needs to borrow the TARDIS , the DeLorean , or a stray black-hole . Any got an extra available ? 
The only band that I would actually want to see at Summerfest is playing the same exact night as < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s Wedding . HURNS . 
is stressing out about other friends crazy relationships ! WHEE ! 
is THE COOLEST . 
is a lesbian . 
found Jesus ! 
Someone rang my doorbell . I snuck up to the window , peeked out , and I didn't recognize him , so I scurried away ! 
has decided to go see < PROPMALE > of Persia . Anyone up for it ? 
is straight . 
won The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time / Master Quest ! I knew there was a very good reason for buying a GameCube ^_^ 
is the Bad Wolf . 
Wanted : Girl desperately seeking guy to share romantic adventure . Must love zombies . 
CLEAN CUP ! CLEAN CUP ! MOVE DOWN ! MOVE DOWN ! MOVE DOWN ! 
Real Life : More interesting than Facebook . Go figure . 
being harassed on the Indiana toll-way by two guys in a Hummer was just one interesting story from the weekend . 
is the kind of tired you can feel in your bones . 
has a beautiful new baby niece ! I'm so excited to play Barbies with her <3 
WANTS IT TO BE CHRISTMAS ! 
has legs up to here 
found her camera ! Picture tiem ! 
is a saaaaaad panda . 
anyone else just not feel like wearing clothes today ? 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World . Tomorrow . 
will break your legs , snap off your head . 
for reasons that have yet to be understood , I REALLY want to play Rock Band . \ 
Let's make this happen 8| 
8O\ 
Other M\ 
O_O why don't I own a Wii ?!?!? 
I didn't mean to hurt you\ 
I didn't know what I was doing\ 
but I know what I have done 
\Toyota recalls the Matrix ! Personally I think they should've recalled the sequals 
Got me a new pair of < PROPMALE > Taylors . :) 
Everyone should grow 6\ so I don't have to feel like a freak when wearing high heals ! " 
I climbed a tree today . It was brilliant ! 
I am in love with cats and the sound of rain on the roof . 
truck , truck , truck 
you are what you love , not what loves you 
why is cold medicine so awful ?! 
was it real ? 
I feel like a shit head =\\ 
took my adderall too late in the day ... but who really needs sleep anyway ? 
drinking a hot toddy , MMMMM ! : 9 
I like it on the desk . 
why do I live so far away from my friends ? :( \ 
okay , I know why , but why does it have to suck so much ? 
climbing practice tomorrow <3 
Speak of the devil and he doth appear ... 
has equipped AWESOME WOOL GRANDPA PANTS +5 to cold defense . 
I think I'm being ignored :( 
done with class ... now what ? 
Could someone drill a hole through my skull , scramble up my brain and suck it out with a straw ? I'm not asking if it's possible , I'm asking is someone could please do that . 
had a pretty awesome Halloween , thanks everyone who had parties I attended ! You did a great job :) 
why aren't there save points and resets in real life ? 
I voted today and all I got was a lousy sticker . 
I'm a feminist , NOT a misandrist : If I get pissed off about some guy saying that all women can do is suck < PROPMALE > , I think I'm fully justified . 
is too stubborn . I've already lost the race , but I'll keep running until my heart gives out . 
I've come to realize that when I get angry , I yell a lot about how people are dumb . I think I am really a bitter old man at heart . 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 10 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . What animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give ... you a weird nickname . 8 . Challenge you to post this . 
I just got the same exact fortune twice ! \Investigate new possibilities with friends . Now is the time ! \ " What are you trying to tell me fortune cookie ?! WHAT ?! " 
I'm going to Pittsburgh ! Wish me luck on my competition ! 
Had a blast in Pittsburgh ! I'm looking forward to next year's TCI Expo in Hartford , CT . 
Trying to refocus my anger and frustration into something positive ... augh . 
is it really midnight ?! wft ? 
last person standing on Thanksgiving and it's only 8:00 pm . SUUUUUUCK =\\ 
ARGH !!! my little brother stole back his speakers ! booooo laptop speakers =| 
NO ONE KILL ANYONE OR I'M GOING TO KILL EVERYONE ! 
play-doh Oddish ! can you handle that ?! 
Some times I do want to be taller than everyone : SO YOU CAN ALL COWER UNDER MY GLARE ! MWAHAHAHA ! 
I know I shouldn't have but I got myself an early Christmas present :) 
I have noticed because of the new profile layout , that most of my most recent pictures are of me in trees , lol . I'm not sure yet if this is a good thing or a bad thing . 
do di do di do , I should be writing a short paper , instead I am wasting time on Facebook la di da di da 
made it home alive ! f-you snow ! 
I need someone to force me to have social interactions without a computer ... yes , Facebook seemed like the best place to post this . 
< PROPMALE > goûts et < PROPMALE > couleurs ne se discutent pas 
soooo tired , but totally worth it . 
got a Wii for Christmas ^_^ 
is blueish . 
not in a party mood ... 
is afraid of screwing up ... have I already screwed up ? >.< gah ! 
is the father . 
I realized I was getting sick , I didn't realize it was gonna be this bad . 
Got to go snowboarding for the first time in 5 years ! Of course I busted up my knee , but it was so worth it , lol . 
FOR ANYONE TRYING TO TEXT OR CALL ME : My phone is dead and my younger brother pulled apart my phone charger . =\\ I apologize , my little brother is going to get me a new charger soon . >.< 
Thank you Mountain Dew for helping me get home safely . NOW LET ME GO TO BED ! 
I've been having a bad , bad day . Come on , won't you put that pad away . I'm asking you please no ! It isn't right , it isn't fair ! There was no parking anywhere , I think that hydrant wasn't there . Why can't you let it go !? I think I've paid more than my share ! I'm just a poor girl don't you care ? Hey , I'm not wearing underwear ... 
Dilemma : AMKE and UWM's Drag Show are the same weekend ... 
spent most of the day in bed . It couldn't be helped . 
keep fighting until we can't 
It's nearly 50 degrees outside , time to go for a run ! 
Dear Mother Nature , \ 
Eat a dick . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
my truck 
Even I am baffled by how short my attention span can be . 
MONEY ! 
