stayed up till 4 am at my brothers house with his crazy friends .... 

well im happy my parents are going out so i have the house to myself , but idk what im going to do 
Im hanging out at < PROPFEMALE > G's house 
Now im home and im bored ! 
is sick of getting surfing wax in her hair [ gross !!!! ] its hard to get out too ! 
is signing out cause no on iz on at nine in the morning 
is mad cause her parents are having a dinner party and shes not invited 
talk to yall later ...... signing out 
im going to the aquarium ................ again ughh 
i just went to american eagle and areopostale , there iz an awsome sale going on and no one went shopping today so no one waz there ! 
iz kinda tired after geting a five hour energy drink and staying up till 7 in the morning 
is soooooooo excited to go fishing we are going to drive around the bay and park the boat and go to california dreaming for lunch , get back on the boat and sing im on a boat till it anoys my mom 
iz sooooo bored 
is watching the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > memorial on the CNN newsroom channel 
is crying from the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > memorial 
zoes parents are still watching the memorial reruns ............................................... 
we finished painting my bedroom deep blue ill post a pic of it later ................... 
doesnt know what to do .......... 
just came back from a baby shower .... 
iz about to die cause i cant go shopping at all this summer untill i get back from my trip ughh .............. 
iz sore out of her mind from spending 9 hours training for my black belt on augt 8th 
i came home and had to take an ice bath to stop my whole body from swelling up after another day of 9 hours of practice !!!!!!! 
just came back from practice and is bored i wanna go to the movies ! 
is going to the beach on sunday to get massively sunburned and look like a raisin 
iz bored but iz going boogie bording tommorow after church 
iz leaving in 5 whole days to fly to las vegas !!!!!!!!!!! 
iz bored but has to wash dishes 
was diagnosed wit scoliosis od the mid spina and has to be treateed for 12 whole weeks before she sees any type of slight improvement 
IM HOOOOMMMMEEEEEE !!!! FROM VEGAS FINNALLY i had a blast 
1 . mrs perry-keyboarding 2.mr flinner-english 3 . mrs diamond-math 4 . mrs johnson-Social studies 5 . strings 3 [ again ] 6.mr mariake-science 
iz planing on growing my hair to my sholders 
just came from walmart where because of the tax free stuff it waz raining old people 
iz tired from being in church alday .......... pastors anneversary 
iz tired from eating junk food and staying up till five in the morning ....... happy b day < PROPFEMALE > ! 
i am literally going to karate tonight to work my butt off !!!!!! 
iz tired , but will see u guys at MTT tonight ! 
though mr mariake's class and mr flinner will be very easy 
iz listening to paramore 
just worked her < PROPFEMALE > off in karate , and iz also scared because her balck belt test is in 2 WEEKS 
iz not so happy about going back to school tommrw 
school waz interesting ....... but very BORING every teacher had a lechure about his-her class rules and crap like that 
school iz tiring and mrs peach [ people know who im talkin about ] iz WHAKO 
iz bored but got bruised and hit in the face after black belt preperation class last night ouch !!! 
craming for mrs johnsons test tmrw aaaaahhhhhh !!!!!!! 
iz bored 
already hates math !!!!! 
iz tired and iz about to take an ice bath frrom 5 hrs of karate !!! 
has to go train for 4 hours today , see yall l8ter 
waz so tired she forgot to clean her room and got her allowance taken away for the week !! 
iz exausted from school , to much thinking 
iz so tired from practice , and drama , and homework ........ i wish the weekend would come faster ...... 
bout to head out for 5 hrs of practice ...... ughhhh 
iz bored but got some me time in today ..... going to bass pro shops tommorow yay !! 
iz doing mr marialkes project .... ughh why does school require so much work ? 
iz thinkin bout bible boy ........... 
just came back from a one year olds bday prty 
iz feelin like crap cause shes sick , and has to make a speedy recovery for saturday ...... 
i am officially a victim of the pre flu symptons ........ i hope its not swine ..... 
may not be at skool tommorow .... iz very sick ....... hmmm 
iz tired az crap and wants this week to be over 
fridayyyyy whhhooooooo but i cant party to much !!! ;] 
just bought the funniest parks and recreations episode ever ! 
watching the emmys ! 
finishing mrs johnsons crappy homework 
about to start karate practice and i hope im not in trouble for being a couple hours late ....... 
iznt very happy wit her parents right now .... 
skipped karate , went to the movies and had a wonderful time , and i hope im not in trouble for skipping .......... 
iz freakin out cause her blak belt test iz less that three dayz away ....... 
going to here last practice b4 being certified ..... 
took here blak belt test today and passed and will post pics l8tr 
can barely move shes so sore .... 
iz missing someone .... 
iz watching parks and recreations 
watching Cyote Ugly da movie and the soup 
haz got to go to bed ... im going to columbia 2marrw bye ! 
went to a house warming party that wuz crazzy and went shopping at the tanger mall 
ironing clothes [ ughh ] , and fooling around on itunes 
iz extremely mad at someone , and iz going to relive stress at karate practice 
got off from practice early b/c i almost threw up , and iz sick and tired of someone 
gets to skip practice again and iz doing homework uggh ... 
gtg to bed early tonight .. catch yall later 
just got done wit math tutoring and iz about to eat dinner 
iz trying to cram the unidentified 1rst quarter essay for mr. flinner 
cant go to the game . stupid practice . uggh 
listening to paramore while i clean .... keeps me focused 
iz tired and doesnt want the weekend to end 
iz tired from that kithcen tour and has to go iron and study ... ugh 
iz tired and need a break from reality ...... don't we all need that ?!! 
i just had to finish crappie extra credit for a 54 in mrs johnsons , ughh skool iz to much thinking 
finally going to bed , but i didnt get to study for the keyboarding test 
im < PROPFEMALE > happy today both my parents are working and i dont have to do ANY CHORES !!!!! 
listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ...... 
im heading out to go get some xrays ..... 
sticky fingers . movies . and 3 doctors visits . its been a crazy day ! 
ughh i just got in another verbal fight with someone ... why does she have to be so complicated ........ 
i just came back from saturday training and i got stung by a < PROPFEMALE > while running laps outside ....... 
i made the stupid decision to wait to do my homework till tonigt ....... ughh now monday iz gonna suck ..... 
anyone with mr flinners stem sentances , PLEASE send them to me in an email ....... 
doing homework 
going to the football game txt me if ur going ! 
practice . dinner . homework . cleaning .... why is life so dificult ? 
im < PROPFEMALE > tired .... is it just me or has facebook changed ? 
goin to bed . 
i went shopping , got my brother a bday gift , and helped my mom cook .... ughh what a busy day ...... 
just came back from the naval base , and im about to go see couples retreat 
ii had the worst time at the movies [ my brother didnt show up , these old ladies kept moaning ; one of them fell asleep and her arm droped all on me ..... IT WAZ CREEPY ! ] 
fun on the bus , bratty little kids , and a great dinner ......... ughh what a day ! 
another crazy bus ride .... but not crazy enough without < PROPFIRST > D ......... 
i totally went blind when mrs sauer and mr thompson were in the play .... mr marialke looked drunk ..... but it was ok .... i gtg do mrs johnsons cartoon so i can go see lady antebellum tomoorow night with < PROPFEMALE > and jesicca ! 
my mom knows that im going to kelseys and to the fair so she tells me to clean the bathrooms , kitchen , living room , and my room , and iron ....... parents these days ... tisk . tisk 
i just watched one of the most gay backstreet boyz video and im glad that the boy-band < PROPFEMALE > has moved on ...... 
ughh what a tiring day ... plus someone iz REALLY getting on my nerves ..... 
im sick of fake ppl ..... 
im sooo sick , that i cant even drink < PROPFEMALE > ale without hackin .... 
ughh im sick again ...... 
i saw 2 missoinaries from my church cusin each other out in the parkin lot of my hair salon ...... that wuz weird ..... but very funny 
ughh im soooooo behind in school work .... plus to add on to my misery i have an F and a D on intouch ... 
i hate it when parents just look for a stupid reason to take ur phone .... ughh 
ughh being without my phone iz just tearin me away ..... im waiting for my mom to maybe give it back ..... 
i busted my lip at practice and had to come home early ..... ughh and i have to finish homework ..... 
skippin practice tonight cause im loaded with work to do ..... 
i FINALLY convinced my mom to get me a new pair of sperry's because i murdered my last pair .......... only one complaint , the new women's design looks like the mens ones 
ughh what a sucky day .... but it will all be better bc im hangin out all day wit some of my old friends i havent talked to in a long time tommarw .... 
ughh i have had a very boring weekend that has gone by to fast .. 
im gonna be cooked meat when my mom sees my interum ...... i hope ill make it to skool on friday ... 
ughh i wuz right ... my parents FREAKED OUT ABOUT MY INTERUMS !!!! im lucky to be alive from all of the yelling i endured ... 
I am < PROPFEMALE > tired ..... but i plan to teach the little kids class tonight 
im very tired from the carnival .. and my mom iz going bezerk over cleaning the attics 
having a VERY difficult day .... 
even though the day started very slow , it ended up being a pretty good day ... 
finnaly , an actual break ! only thing i gotta worry about is the demo this weekend .... 
im bored i gt cook stuff for thnksgivin wit my mom and now im downloading unuseful podcast to my ipod ........ 
ughh . too much food . and too much fun . 
HOLY CRAP today i had to fight of a little kid from the last american eagle sweater in my size ..... im soooo tired from shopping ! oh and also areopostale had been taken over by little kids .. it was PACKED today ! My stiff of a mom wouldnt let me get some new hollister shirts cause of the smell . how could u not love that smell ? 
probobly goin to see the blind side with < PROPFEMALE > g .... and were putting up the christmas tree , while we were assembling it it fell on me ! 
the movie the blind side was SO good ! oh and we SMOTHERED clemson indeed !! ugh now im stuck home doing nothing ... 
ughh its almost monday ..... hope tommarow iz real good b/c i don't need no crap ... 
um ... my mom iz makin vinicen chilli tonight .. but i have to train longer tonight , that sucks 
watching tough love with my mom ... 
we were looking through the old yearbooks in ms skows room and mrs. < PROPMALE > actually had hair ... back in 2005 
doin crappy homework ... why is homework even given ? if we cant learn it at skool , we cant learn it at home ... 
just got back from choir and karate ... and i went to this christmas thing where there was nothing but old ppl ... 
cleaning this morning , and latr going to < PROPFEMALE > with my friend Jannyia White , then im goin to a prty after that ... 
my parents left me home to go see a movie , so im extremely bored 
had a pretty good day today , im really late to practice though ... and my mom is being a little brat .. 
bout to study stupid math with my tutor .... what a bore 
my best friend iz finnaly back home ! so we are makin cookies and catching up on things ... 
chillin at home today , and im sad because my best friend has to fly home tommarow .... 
just got back from church , and ate dinner , now my mom ditched me and is going shopping .. just great 
just got invited to my brother's ugly sweater party ... fun , i gt find an ugly sweater ! 
had a blast at my brother's ugly sweater party . they even put an ugly sweater on their dog , < PROPFEMALE > ...... 
what a crazy day . even crazier on the bus this morning . 
having a weird day . and my parents are denying me a pet , even though my brother had one at my age , thats jacked up . 
bored . about to go see a movie . and bored . 
got < PROPFEMALE > keys new album . bored . watching < PROPFEMALE > griffin . and bored . 
im so excited , my brother is coming ( and bringing his gf ) for a get together .. and he is bringing < PROPFEMALE > ! 
ugh . my brother flaked on coming home today . im sad . 
< PROPFEMALE > freaking belivable ...... she pisses me off . 
well my brother flaked yesturday , so hes coming home today ! im < PROPFEMALE > happy 
just got back from a x mas prty . fun . 
going to < PROPFEMALE > tomarw , nothing today . besides church and hangin out wit my friend . 
well our trip to savvanah is canceled . so idk what im gonna do for the rest of the day . 
went shopping and found some hobo gloves at gap . oh and hollister is having a < PROPMALE > sale . 
going to sleepover at my aunts house and going to play paintball b4 we leave wit my cuzins . 
doin homework goin to practice later ...... i dndnt have to teach , yay ! 
oh and boise state whooped texas behind last night ! 
didnt go to practice . doing ms j's stupid facts 
going to practice . after homework . and im bored . 
countdown to bday : 30 days 
takin the night off . going to little tokyo . then going to watch movies till my eyes bleed with my mom 
i havent been on facebk in a while . < PROPFIRST > barkley was funniest in the ski lodge scene on snl .... thats funny stuff . 
going to the movies wit my mom latr . i cant belive we have to go back to skool tomarw . 
going to practice . then gonna watch my shows ( abc 7-10pm ) 
went to practice ... then to wal mart . some guy was screaming at a worker for showing him the wrong item he asked for something difrnt i guess . 
I pulled ms diamonds grade from a 70 to a 90 in 3 weeks ! 
bored . and going to the movies . 
just got back from watchin the book of eli ... it was AMAZING ! 
just got back from shoppin wit my brother , and i found an amazing jacket for 10 bucks at pac sun ... thats dirt cheap for pac sun .. oh and i saw mr marialke at panera bread . 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Pretty . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best 
tutor iz late today . and im extremely bored . 
tired . the pep rally was okay , i didnt want to see my teachers dance like that . then im going to practice as always ...... 
just came back from kelseys ... goin to eat dinner in alittle . 
went to applebees wit my parents ... nothin else 
i finnaly got a twitter ..... 
on twitter , and i finaly got one and its kinda confusing .... 
home .... kinda tired 
my mom flipped out about the resume quiz ....... i dont know why 
b day : 10 DAYS 
home ... i didnt have a good start to the day , but as it went on , it was a litle better 
happy freakin birthday < PROPFIRST > !! best wishes ....... 
oh my god the < PROPFEMALE > sykes pants on the ground parody from youtube is HILARIOUS ! check it out ! 
had fun wit < PROPFEMALE > yesturday we wnt and saw a movie ...... but im probobly not doin anything today 
B DAY COUNTDOWN : 7 days 
home ... bout to go to practice my < PROPMALE > is back from < PROPFIRST > and is coming to practice ! 
just coming back from practice , mr < PROPMALE > tore his entire bicep mucsle and we ran to ye old fashioned to get ice , barefooted ...... i hope he feels better 
doin mr flinners homwrk .... bored , and im actually kinda tired today .. 
just got back from practice .... yawn .. 
that cemetary lecture was weird .... IM CELEBRATING MY BIRTHDAY TOMARW !!! 
what the heck happend to facebook ?.... ITS MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ...... i just came back from shoping .. 
not happy my mom took away my lifeline .... my ipod 
bout to leave for practice ... that pottery lady for ms johnsons class kinda creeps me out ... 
just got back from la carreta for dinner ...... yawn ....... 
that potter in ms johnsons class needs to go ..... its like the < PROPMALE > dust she has inhaled has made her INSANE , anyway ...... studyin 4 ms perys test and bout to go to practice ...... 
fine , okay , it '' snowed '' .... idk what the big deal iz about it ... 
home ... my neighbors were outside making snowmen at 1 in the morning , go to bed people its just water and dirt frozen together . jk the snow was fun 
home , went to the air force base and got a new tennis racket ... got from practice early , which is rare 
im on piknik editing pics ........ had a very interesting day .. 
we got our new uniforms for demo team and they make us look like bumble bees .... the bus wasnt that fun wit out the detelli twins ..... 
picnikin pics .... yawn 
came back from seeing shutter island with < PROPFEMALE > .. that movie FREAKED ME OUT ! its not really scary idk why its rated r ..... 
just got back from runnin erands ... saw a half bald guy playin guitar and singin , he stunk but i put money in the hat ;) 
does anyone know what the homework for ms diamonds pre-algebra class was ? 
home , me and < PROPFIRST > s were phsyco on the bus ... at least I knew I wuz ... hmm ... 
home , and im < PROPFEMALE > happy I GET TO SLEEP IN 2MARW MORNIN !!! yay tomarow iz gonna be a breeze .... I had a lot of fun talkin bout lamas in math .. ( courtney ) 
bored , my dad ditched my 4 his best friend .... so idk what to do ... yawn ........ 
home , my brother is comin over in a bit ...... nuthin else really 
my brother stayed 4 like 3 hrs and I played wit < PROPFEMALE > , I luv that dog ;) 
home , bout to go to practice ...... had fun on da bus 
on facebook having another war with courney on depatie old status .... good times 
home , and pretty bored ... i left my flashdrive in my pants and my mom washed them so , all of my pics and projects are GONE 
omgod SNL is soooo funny ! they just did a hilarious parody of we are the world .... 
home , im hurrying to get my homework done so i can watch the finale of the bachelor tonight , ( i know half my besties think im crazy 4 watchin that stupid show ) 
o my god ! my flashdrive has come back to life after being washed in my jeans twice , and that means i wont have to do my project over !!!! 
home , and im not going to practice b/c im sick ..... what a boring day 
sick . :( 
home , not going to practice AGAIN .... the bus was funny but we all had to cram onto one bus which was not that fun ... 
yawn ... 
home , bout to eat some VERY HOT CHILLI my dad made ..... no practice , and im finishing my homework early so i can watch the extra special episode of the office ( if you dont know why its extra special , its most likely you dont watch the show , jk ) 
watchin the community ..... nuthin else 
the office is sooo AWESOME ... 
bored ... going to demo team and church latr ...... the bus wasnt that funny witout < PROPFIRST > , its was regular 
my mom ran a red light somewhere in summerville that they dont need a light , then she blamed it on me for talking ... and i didnt say anything to her ....... hmm 
hangin wit < PROPFEMALE > and jessica ...... doin our project .... yawn .... 
just came from our first tennis match ... the game i playd we lost by 7 ... but thats okay well do better next time !...... about to go to karate practice 
whoever emails me , my email has changed so just ask me for it ..... 
bored ... my daddy's birthday iz tomarw .... hes turning 53 ..... yea i know , hes old 
oh my god , < PROPFIRST > S and i were lyri-cizing ( lyrics+funny interpretations of the words ) on the bus today it wuz so funny ...... < PROPFIRST > C , im sad u missd it all ..... 
home , im sooo happy we dont have any work to do ....... im sad because < PROPFIRST > s and i cant lyricize tomarw b/c i wont be on the bus tomarw .... 
really bored ..... yawn ... 
home ... really bored .. seeing my friends txting after church just makes me want my phone back even more ... 
just got back from kelseys house , we made her dog go PHSYCO ! 
im being lazy today and not showing up 4 practice ..... nuuthin else ..... PASS WAS SOOOOO BORING !!! 
home .... 
watchin the office , my back is KILLING ME ........ 
bored , had no practices ...... but hug out wit niya ...... nuthin else 
bored . probobly going to see a movie latr . got my hair all chopd up , and all my mom did was laugh at it ........ thx mom 
editing a new profile pic ..... 
about to watch the box wit my dad ... he finnaly bought his new truck were going to pic it up l8tr 
just got finishd watchin the box .... that wuz creepyer than shutter island ... but not as suspensful 
pretty usual day ... in math we just sat there and played uno instead of doing our work ...... 
just got done with boring tutoring ... and im not understanding why my mom is mad about my report card when it was FREAKIN AWESOME ..... 
ready 4 friday ... goin to the festival wit < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > after skool 2marw .... nuthin else ..... 
does anybody know if we had homework in ms diamonds prealgera class ? 
jsut got back from the flowertown festival wit < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , and had a BLAST ... they were off their ROCKRS 
stayin home 4 a while , some lady at the AFB had spiked fruit 4 breakfast and she was kinda loopy ...... i MIGHT get my phone back after 2 WHOLE MONTHS .. idk how i lasted that long ... 
bout to go to practice .... pretty bored . I FINALY GOT MY PHONE BACK 
just got back from wal mart ...... really bored ...... got LOTS of work to do 
finishing t shirts ..... had a LONG visit to chiropractor ... so my back is KILLING me 
home ... im sooo happy spring break is right around the corner ! Mrs. j's test was sooo hard , and it didnt help that i didnt even study ... 
editing videos ..... 
had an amazin day wit my fellow coon chasas .... ( inside joke ) , Took some beast pics with < PROPFIRST > Santelli 
watchin 106 and park and the new new boyz song iz crap ... its talkin about their jeans 
found like 4 dresses from the loft .. at least one should be my 8th grade dance dress , anyway im probobly going to do some boring spring cleaning :( 
trying to decide weather to go to savanah or chareston museum on wensday ..... 
sick :( 
found a new guy < PROPMALE > shirt .... pretty bored ... waiting for @ < PROPFEMALE > Goodman come home all burnt up ... jk 
Hopping date night wil be good 
date night wuz HILARIOUS !!! 
pretty bored ... 
i have a buttload of work to do today ... but im < PROPFEMALE > happy im going to flordia on friday :) 
home .. gotta pack 4 friday , it will be good to get away from here for a while 
bac from flordia , had so much fun 
really hurtin .. 
had a pretty good day . but im still FAILING ms j's class and ive done 3 EXTRA CREDIT PROJECTS .... i dont get why 
this like thing iz weird .. cant they just go back to become a fan ? 
just got bac frum < PROPFEMALE>'s house ... my knee decides to hurt when i got home .... 
sad :( just got bac from < PROPFIRST>'s funeral ... RIP 
got a snazzy new camera ... 
bout to upload a butload of pics from the trip ... 
tired ... 
finnaly finished editing imax trip pics ... 
not goin 2 practice . to much work to do .... okay who gives you only 1/4 the study guide a few days before the test ... mrs j does .. ugh im gona fail her class 
so happy its a half day 2marw 
had a decent day ... just laxin at home .. 
practice canceled . i dont even wanna go to skool tomarw b/c im so tired :( 
off :) 
tutor canceld . my mom is SUPER mad i almost faild mr marialke's class .. but im soooo happy she didnt take away my ipod even though she still has my fone .. 
yay .. new hot tub JUST arrived !!! 
really sad :( 
just got back from the seminar .. my arms are swollen :( 
going to get a hair cut :( my hair is short enough , why does my mom feel the need to cut it ? 
i am < PROPFEMALE > mad . my hair cut iz up to my ears and i HATE it 
home ... still fumed after my haircut .. but i gotta get over it ... probobly gonna chill 4 the rest of the day 
just came from gettin ice cream wit janyia ... gonna probobly go to bed early 
gmas over ... :( 
just got bac from dairy < PROPFEMALE > wit < PROPFEMALE > h , < PROPFEMALE > d , and < PROPFEMALE > and they were PHSYCO !!! 
bored . probobly practice . i am REALLY tired so i slept through mr marialke's video 
really sleepy . of coaurse our hot water heater has to be RETARTED for a couple of dayz .... :( 
kinda tired . 
i have the worst head ache from last night .. stupid red bull 
watchin dukes of hazzard 
my mom spilled an expensive bottle of italian wine , and then blames me for it ... that makes no sense 
nuthin ... failin math unfortunately 
exahsted . going to choir practice latr 
nuthin .... probobly going to lax in the hot tub !!! 
just got bac from practice . < PROPMALE > almost made < PROPFEMALE > blind .. you just dont do that , dude .. shes only 15 ... 
chillin . watchin some tube , then going to THE TUBBB ! had alot of fun on da bus jammin wit < PROPFIRST > S . 
i wanna see nightmare on elm street so bad !!! 
goodnight , facebook 
probobly just gonna go shopping . might go to the movies wit < PROPFEMALE > G . 
on twitter . even though i think its pointless 
nightmare on elm street was freaking awesome . the only creepy part is when the kids are getting killd in their sleep .... 
got my fone back !!!! 
i passed by a farm in the sticks visiting family and saw baby cows . now im considering heavily becoming vegitarian ..... 
studyin 4 eoc's .... so much fun 
going to choir prac latr ... had fun wit < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > h in 3rd today ... with the cave and the strange colord frozen waffles .... 
home from choir prac .. my throat feels like crap , and my mom still made me practice .... greeat 
happy ... watchin house party :) 
i was getting out of the hot tub . and my dad latched the screen door without telling me . so im running in the house , and got a face full of screen door .. not fun at all 
just chillin b4 prac .... and im wondering why the yearbook company totally screwd up the personalized yearbooks .. mabye its < PROPFEMALE > 
really sad that it is me < PROPFIRST > C , and < PROPFIRST > S ' s last bus ride together .... that is sad ........ 
going to be doing a self defense booth at the women's expo tomorow 11-5pm ..... so i get to beat up the boys for demenstration !! 
gettin ready for women's expo .. turns out my mom was freaking out about me being there from 11-5 , so i cant stay the whole time ... 
the rain was perfect today .. i just sat on the deck as i got SOAKD .. it was refreshing .... 
just got bac from church .. was going to Bass Pro Shops but i have to clean ! thats not fair ... 
i actually passed math .... and aparently grades went in on friday , so why are they telling us that we have more assignments ? 
Really bored this afternoon .. i have almost nothing to do .... 
really tired . gonna go get ready for the awards ceremony latr .... 
itunes is being SO retarted .. 
i cried my eyes out today .... i will never forget RMSA and my friends-the ones i gained and loss .... 
sooo tired from the wedin last night .. it was SO much fun !! good luck to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > wit their marriage !! i got a pic wit the USC mascot too ! I saw so many ppl that havent seen me since i was like in diapers , i luv my extended family the hayes 
gonna go to the movies with < PROPFEMALE > , her gma , and her gma's peeps ... still really sad from yesterday 
got some new tunes .. on my ipod . just got bac from < PROPFEMALE > . had fun . and right now im txtin < PROPFIRST > and mego 
my mom iz making homade peach icecream ... yum .. gonna be lazy ALL day long ! 
its my moms last day working .... idk if thts good or bad .... gonna be lazy again , probobly gonna sleep ova at < PROPFIRST > S . on friday ... 
scrubs iz HILARIOUS ... 
now im sick ... greeatt 
kinda bored ... 
had a good shopping day with my mom ( tht means no arguments ) and gonna < PROPFEMALE > wit my best < PROPFEMALE > on friday !!!!! 
havin another lazy day .. these are getting pretty boring ... might be goin fishin wit my mom dad and cousin tommorow mornin ... 
just got bac frum practice , and i cant go fishin tommorow .... but gonna < PROPFEMALE > with my capital B best < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > S .!!! 
just got bac frum the chiropractors ... and i saw a bum with an ipod ... 
probobly gonna go get into the hot tub ... 
omg mtv really out did themselves this yr ...... 
probably gonna just lax today .... and finnaly convinced my parents to take a weeks vacay at the lake ! 
how did i get stuck watching grey's anatomy ? 
my mom ditchd me till two . so i gotta stay home and do nuthin ... greeat 
finnaly home ... watchin CMA awards and waiting till chealsea lateley comes on at eleven . 
sleepy ... watchin house party and getting my hair braided for the trip to the lake ... 
watching reno 911 . tht show iz so funni ! 
just had the best tiaramisu on the planet made by yours truly ... gonna go watch the notebook with my mom ... 
sleepy for some odd reason . going shopping for my mom's big five-zero birthday gift tomarw .... 
hmm .... 
really tired 
going to see killers in a bit ..... 
still getting ready for the trip to the lake next week .... Ahmon's coming ova latr today .. 
really sore ... but going to my mom's bosses house to plot a suprise for her birthday ! 
going to < PROPFEMALE > with my brotha at the beach tommorow .. 
doing laundry :( but going to columbia tomorow ! then lake wateree on sunday !!! 
reeally sore .... 
just got bac frum columbia ... had some intresting conversations on the bus 
not getting the point of twitter ... 
tired . my moms boss didnt suprize her today but shes still happy bout turnin 50 ! getting the last of the packing done for the lake this week goodbye facebook for 5 days !!!! 
just got bac frum columbia had the best time eva .. caught alot of catfish tho .... my mom got a ticket frum the game warden , my dad almost ran ova a police offica , and i got racoon eyes frum being in the sun to long .. 
my straightener broke :( might be going paddle boarding this afternoon with < PROPMALE > and my brother ! 
tired .. just got home frum church going to < PROPFEMALE > g's in a bit .... 
doctors :( 
I would rather watch grass grow than do laundry right about now .... 
just got drake's new album and its awesome .... 
I cant belive < PROPMALE > carrell iz leaving the office .... it wont be the same .... its not like < PROPMALE > iz gonna take ova ... 
bored .... but might be going to see a movie latr 
have to clean today .. :( might go see grownups later on ... 
I just realized lil < PROPMALE > iz gonna be released frum prison on my brother's birthday ... 
my parents got crab legs for themselves and my brother , and they \ forgot \ " me ! but i had fun at the watr park with < PROPFEMALE > and her mom ... " 
cookin out at my casa today .. might paddleboard and watch fireworks tonight 
trying to find something to do in < PROPFEMALE > for our trip in a couple of weeks 
removing wall paper frum all bathrooms , alllll daayyy loonngggg ... so much fun 
crabbin ' tommorow :) 
had SO much fun crabin this mornin .. bout to watch the collector .. 
going into full \ goody two shoe\ " mode so my mom will let me go on a trip w/o her ......... " 
babysitting :( not my fave way to spend a satruday ........ 
bout to go to < PROPFEMALE > G . ' s casa .. then coming home and painting the bathroom walls .. 
confused ..... 
really sore frum last nite ..... mite go and get a hair cut :( 
mite go see baby < PROPFEMALE > at eleven , if the hot water heater repair person doesnt take foreva .... 
going to the beach super early tommorw .. then going to pic up my aunt then going shopping on saturday in NC !! 
just got bac frum the beach .. had so much fun ! the waves were perfect for paddleboarding ! 
mr < PROPFIRST > , ms < PROPFEMALE > and lyric just left the house ... it seem like just yesturday she was just barely crawling now shes going to preskool ..... and when i asked her where her daddy was she said with the angels :) 
SOUTHPARK FEST !!!! = me+kelsey g+ southpark season 1-7 
the airconditioning in the karate dojo didnt strt working till the last 10 < PROPFEMALE > of class ! it wuz like an oven in there ! but gonna go get into the hottt tubb ...... 
cleaning my room :( but < PROPFEMALE>'s comin ova in a bit ...... 
cleaning the hott tub rite now , but going to get my hair did in a couple of hours 
just got bac frum seeing salt .. tht movie was soooooooo good . 
cleaning out my closets for goodwill ... then < PROPFEMALE > g iz comin ova latr .... 
gonna go watch friday the 13th with < PROPFEMALE > then in a couple of hours going to west < PROPFIRST > .... 
just laxin rite now .. going to see inception with my brother later on .. 
was supposed to b seeing inception with my big brother but since hes so cheap we saw salt ( which btw was my second time seeing it ) 
going to the doctor's :( 
my schedule iz okay and we went to open my locker and the dang thing took me FOREVA to open .... cant wait 4 friday we are bringin the ville to < PROPFEMALE > beach !!!! 
so tired ... its amazing when you tell your mom you want something they want you to have .. they go phsyco to find it .... 
going to get my hair did ... excited because my new demo team clothes , weapons and new gi pants came in .... 
stuck home bc the peeps are at a banquet :( but getting ready for < PROPFEMALE > beach trip tommorow !! 
i luv how after it rains there is always sunshine :) 
had SOOO much fun with < PROPFEMALE > s , < PROPFEMALE > h , and < PROPFEMALE > g at < PROPMALE>'s and the boardwalk in < PROPFEMALE > beach \ do you want some cream with that coffee ? \ " haha .. editing pics as we speak " 
so painfully sore after only the second day of camp ... so happi i got out of going tomorrw for fresman orientation ! and im STILL not happi bout going bac to skool ... 
going to see the other guys after freshman orientation with < PROPFEMALE > g tommorw ! 
tired ... got a face full of craziness meeting abbi and < PROPFEMALE > at arhs , but i had fun ......... i still dont wanna go bac to skool it iz way to early to be going bac . and im so excited bc the entire demo team iz going to the ymca to do some tumbling tommorw 
my arhs schedule :\ 
1.mr peebles \ 
2.ms tanner\ 
3.ms emery\ 
4.ms hurley\ 
5 . lunch\ 
6.ms robinson\ 
7.ms ledford\ 
8.ms < PROPMALE > homeroom : fernandez-parker 
had a blast with the team at the ymca , i finnaly masterd an arial , a full , and bac/front handsprings ! i also DONT WANNA GO BAC TO SKOOL ...... 
2 days left till we all enter the dungeon they nicknamed skool ....... 
the past three hours were a waste of my time , their money , and a slap in the face all at the same time ...... 
i dont wanna go bac to skool at all what so < PROPFEMALE > !! 
exhasted . 
im beyond the point of exhaustion .... 
soooo tired ... mite b going to the movies tonite tho . 
hmm ... 
sick :( 
i need a new fone , and mother doesnt wanna get me one :( 
so tired . i wanna shoot my english teacher for all this stupid grub work !!!!! 
so tired . missin old buddies . already tired of drama . i already hate my english teacher ( ms < PROPMALE > ) ughh 
im < PROPFEMALE > tired of school . bout to have tutoring then laxxin/ homework for the rest of the day ... no practice :( 
i absolutely hate my math class . none of my frans are in it , and everyone else acts so STUPID ..... 
does anyone kno if we were supposed to read chap 3 or chap 3 and 4 of to kill a mockingbird for ms tanners honors class ? 
having bannana pancakes for dinner ... my favorite 
DO NOT GO SEE THE LAST EXCORCISM .. IT IS BEYOND CREEPY !!!!! 
the top three things that made my day sucky : \ 
1 . my english teacher not liking my essay\ 
2 . being forced onto the newspaper staff\ 
3 . ppl being TARDS\ 
what a sucky day i had .... 
had a mediocre day .... some ppl insist on acting like RETARDS 
just got home from practice and teaching the little ninja class .. why are 3-5 yr olds have to b so dang hyper ? 
got a sore throat in less than 7 hours ... great 
bout to lose my voice .. and thats not good considering i have to teach a class in an hour .. 
im tired of 2 faced ppl who have no respect for themselves or other ppl .... and its only the third week of skool .... 
i know were not in middle skool anymore , but GOSH DANG ! those teachers must think we have nothing else to do but do grub- * cough * skool work 
had fun hangin at my brothers/caytis casa for the first time , and had fun playing with < PROPFEMALE > !! 
listening to vampire weekend 
homework .. practice maybe .. the lady in the front office gave me a \resposability '' talk about not having an id and having to get a temporary . " 
i hate when apple comes out with an ipod that is better , and you just got the old one !!!! makes me want the new itouch .... 
i had a very suckish day : i left my id home , i had two annoying subs , and people dont understand the letters N-O . 
gonna stay in and do the L.S.P : Lifetime , Snacks , and Pajamas 
going to see lottery ticket with < PROPFEMALE > h , and abbi r later . the car wash was boring , and it was < PROPFEMALE > hot outside . 
TRYING to get my homework done , but facebook is SOOOOO addicting ! 
my dad just has to have his day off on a school day ! hes takin the boat out without me !!!!!! 
its almost friday ! only one more day at skool till the wekend . whos going to the game ? 
goin to the arhs game wit < PROPFEMALE > . im so tired of skool , and drama . 
im sick of skool . sick of the lazy ppl in my pe class . sick of the stupids in my math class . i could go on and on ...... 
im exhasted . i am dreading pe bc PPL CANNOT PLAY KICKBALL . the rules are simple . but im hoping tommorow goes better than today ! 
im so tired . today was sooo fun ! mrs. tanners sub , seventh period , and the car ride with < PROPFEMALE > home was HILAROUS ! 
im starting to realize i like sheltered little rollings better than < PROPFIRST > ridge ! its not what its crackd up to b . i miss my old friends . im starting to get sick of all of the dang camoflodge !!!! its like the kids raided bass pro shops hunting section !!! 
school to me at this point is just a prison to hold kids for the entire day so they dont run in the streets like hoodlums .... im so sick of camoflodge , fights , and mrs < PROPMALE > . anywho , bout to do her stupid portfolio then practice , then RELAXATION TIMEEEEE 
Im so tired . I wanna just go to sleep then wake up on friday . 
Ughh . Why does school have to be so draining ? 
So now my only set of ghetto neighbors are screaming at each other in the driveway . Great , this is what i need at eleven at night . 
I dont wanna go to skool ! 
im so tired . but i had a good day today . somewhat . 
i wanna go back to rollings . everything was so much more simple . anywho .. science today was hilarious : megan : < PROPFEMALE > , my name is not wonderbread . < PROPFEMALE > : then what will it be ? Britten : it shall be NUTMEG !!! that period made made my day just a little better . 
Im watching < PROPFIRST > timberlakes snl cup of soup skit ! Its hilarious ! ' give it on up to homelesssvillleee!' 
Im so tired . But i got choir practice , demo team , ymca , and salon time tommorow . I hope she doesnt butcher my hair when i say trim it . 
im so tired . overslept and missed choir practice , so now gonna go train all day at demo team . im now attemting to beg my dad to let us go out on the boat sometime this week ... its not working . 
Watching august rush . That movie is so cute 
im feeling very good today ! it is sooooooo pretty outside . im hoping no one kills my mood . 
I cant wait till i dont have to mention to kill a mockingbird ! That was one of worst waste of time in my life ! And ms < PROPMALE > isnt making it any better . Ughhh 
Im so tired . 
uggh . now ive gotta haul my butt all the way BACK to the freaking country to play at the ARHS awards ceremony ....... 
had a GREAT day today .! two naps , a good math grade , fun at lunch , and 7th/8th period class change !!!! bout to make it EVEN BETTER by going to the dojo !!! 
had a GREEAT DAY !!!.. gym would b cooler if ppl actually did more than stand around , lunch was CRAZZY . 
Watching the season premire of south park ! 
Having a good time on da bus wit < PROPFEMALE > goodman ! 
Dragging my tired butt to practice 
Today was so much fun ! Lunch was soooo hilarious ! Bout to take a quick power nap and the watch the swamp foxes beat colleton county ! 
Had so much fun at the arhs football game . < PROPFEMALE > , cerria , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , were PHYSCO ! But it was fun 
Snl is hilarious ! 
Just got bac from janniyas house . 
Still mad , but dragging my but to practice in a bit . 
YES !! Goin to boone hall friday after all !! 
So tired ... but sooo excited to see my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > santelli and to get everyone back together tommorow night ! At bonne hall's fright night ! 
Trying to sleep in late , but i cant sleep ! 
SSSUUPER EXCITED !!! im so happy i get to < PROPFEMALE > with all my besties tonight at bonne hall ! 
Omfg ! Bonne hall fright night is so scary ! The clowns are the worst bc they like to touch . Plus the hayride is scary . I had so much fun hangin wit my besties ! 
Omg ! When i say to my hair stylist a 1:30 appointment , that doesnt me i show up at 1:30 , and have to wait forever ! Im still waiting ! 
Watching whos your caddy . That movie is hilarious 
Bout to eat some vineson chilli . ;) 
Bout to go to the asthma/allergy doctorn , and getting a flu shot ughhhhh . I hate needles . 
had a decent day . not going to teach classes , or take class beause of stupid homework ! 
Wow , arhs .. camo day ? Thats a contradiction . 
about to watch the wrong turn 2 . 
bout to go see paranormal activity 2 ... i hope its good 
Omfg just got finishd watching paranormal activity 2 that movie is sooooo creeepy !!! They cud have done better with the ending tho . 
nerd day was crazzy today ! had fun , and dressing up as twins with < PROPFEMALE > Goodman tomorrow ! the only time that i was NOT happy today ws 2nd period ms tanners class ... i .. hate .. that .. lady . 
trying to live without eating meat .. its harder than it looks ! i lasted 2 days w/o , devoured a chicken sandwich at lunch today , and im gonna start fresh tommorow ! 
Oh gosh had to teach my old geezer parents how to operate the new cable tv system today , plus i had fun at lunch today . 
why cant a half day be everyday ? 
a leetle tired . but im happy it was a half day . hoping tommorow will be a better day ! 
Im EXHASTED ! practice was rough . Got some big news ; im testing for my 3rd degree black belt in the spring ! 
At the dojo making a commercial for wave tv . 
Left the arhs homecoming early bc we sucked so bad . 
Easton corbin is ahhhhmain right now !!! 
i have truck loads of hw to do , HAPPY BIRTHDAY AHMON DEWITTE MCTEER THE BEST BROTHER IN THE WORLD , weezy is finally free , and life is good . 
Gettin my hair did . Continue to pray for < PROPFEMALE > Sands as she makes recovery . 
bout to head over to < PROPFEMALE > Goodman ' s to do a project , taste of the town was fun ! our karate demo went okay except no one informend me we were wearin tottally diffrent uniforms , and there were no mats :( 
a little sleepy . just found out i tore a muscle in my knee , so no practice for me :( \ 
watched my frans < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Horan , < PROPFEMALE > Goodman , and abbi laugh at me for almost having a mini heart attack because i thought i lost my wallet today . 
like my status and ill tell u why , wassup ..... 
Bout to eat some whole foods pizza for dinner . Yumm 
bout to eat chicken with pasta and pesto . yummm then goin to see due date 
had a pretty good day . still sick :( 
Didnt have a good day . why cant ppl do others a small favor , and act their age . 
still sick .. but i had a better day 
had another bad day .. some freshman need to grow up , seriously . being imature to be funny gets you but so far in life . 
school , ick ... but its friday ! 
Had a pretty good friday . Signed up for january powderpuff football !! Thats gonna b interesting .... 
finally uploading the pictures from the easton corbin concert . 
im sooo exhsasted . and i feel like crap . but ima smile bc we get out for break tommorow ! 
Just got < PROPFEMALE > minaj's new album pink friday . Its ahmazin ! 
happy thanksgiving everyone !! enjoy the break while u can .. bout to head to the country with the rest of the fam ( its so country , walmart is like 20 < PROPMALE > away ) 
Having so much fun shopping ! Practicaly had to drag my mom out , but shes enjoying it too . 
< PROPFEMALE > tired from shopping yesturday . but i had lots of fun . bout to go to the adidas store , then im gonna come back home and work my butt off decorating the house with christmas stuff . ughh 
how bout them gamecocks ? haha lets whip some tiger butt < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
how bou them GAMECOCKS !!!! 
homework ... ick 
had tonnns of hw tonight which meant no practice for me :( but tommorow is a half day ! they are soooo usless , but fun at the same time ! 
soooooo sore from practice . but ima put on a smile bc TOMRW is FRIDAY !! 
So exhausted from the week . Just got back frum choir practice , bout to watch some movies and b lazy for the rest of the night . Tumbling tomrw wit the demo team ! 
Haha tumbling at the ymca was interesting ... but i finnaly got a good front tuck ! 
had a great day today :) bout to hit the books for midterms . 
why do teachers feel the need to cram information into your brain just a few days before midterms , like its gonna make up for not teaching it . but its almost FRIDAY !!! lets go swamp foxes lets show them cane bay kids not to mess with the swamp !!! 
had a pretty good day . i hope the performance goes good tonight ! tommorow is my favorite day of the week , FRIDAY !! 
my prayers go out to fort dorchester and charleston magnet , and the familes for their sudden loss . had an okay day . going to habitat for humanity tommorow morning ! 
studying for midterms , then basketball . 1 more week till all DD2 kids r free !!! 
midterms start tommrw ..... ick 
it doesnt make any sense for teachers to cram information into ur brain , and expect u to b a genius bfore ur exam ! and who came up with the idea of a pe , journalism , and orchestra exam !? wow ... 
midterms : stress , no fun , stress , no sleep , stress , time wasted classes , and did i mention STRESS !! 
absolutley exhausted ! to the point that i was a complete emotional rollercoaster today ... but i feel better now bc TOMMRW is FRIDAY !!!!! my besties < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > Horan blow out the candles tomrw !! 
bout to leave for my aunts house till tuesday !! bye FB 
pheww ! super tired after spending 4 days with my parents fam . i had so much fun tho ! 
cooking all day long today ... ughh 
ughhh super tired from cooking all day . but tommrw is christmas !!! 
My big brother got me limited edition crayola vans ! Thanks ahmon ! 
what teacher gives book reports over christmas break ?.. oh ... wait , mine do :( 
going to see the little fockers with my bestie < PROPFEMALE > Goodman today ! 
had so much fun with < PROPFEMALE > goodman at the movies ! \ 
zoe-\did u see that ? \ 
so ready to b 15 . febuary 6th cant arrive fast enough for me ! 
ughh getting back into the routine of a school day was hard ! i almost forgot my locker combo , and totaly forgot my gym locker combo . but seeing my friends again was fun . 
:( not my best day today . 
powderpuff was awsome ! were for shure gonna dominate the juniors !! 
rough bball practice , so im watching 30 rock to cheer me up . :) 
won my first basketball game this morning against summerville baptist ! 
basketball in a little bit :) 
ahaha had a good bball practice , everyone slackd off tho which means 25 more sprints on thursday . guess who will b kickin butt at arhs powderpuff and NOT running sprints ?.. you guessd right ! 
im loving doing absolutley nothing on a rainy day :) 
3 hour delay for DD2 !!!! 
wait , if theres gonna b a delay , wat time do was have to actually b at skool ? 
im loving not having to wake up at 5 to go to school :) 
my dad was so excited about his new greasless turkey fryer that hes outside making one right now and its like 32 degrees !!! 
i hope the weather will show mercy on cold little summerville tommrw afternoon bc my powderpuff coach is gonna make us practice outside :( 
just got home ugh im so tired ! had a good time at pwderpuff , and ran into some old frans at orchestra rehersal . i learned a valuable lesson about going to big orchestra practices : dont show up late or u get put in the very back of the orchestra where you cant hear a single thing the conductor is saying !!!! 
Going cupcake tasting !! 
churh in a little bit , then basketball ! 
:) 
my dad called me lil shaq bc i didnt jump for rebounds tonight at practice lol . playing cannan tomrw at six ! wish us luck ! 
lost my basketball game :( but we had good defense . saw some of my fellow swamp foxes there , and i saw my bestie < PROPFEMALE > Horan ( aka Vick) !!! school tomrw , then powderpuff !!! 
so tired , and its only tuesday .. powderpuff practice tmw . then thursday the freshman will CRUSH the juniors !! 
powderpuff practice was so much more productive today !! except the sophmores were talkin SOOO much trash . powderpuuf game tomrw ... GO FRESHMAN !!! 
super excited for powderpuff torw !!! all yall Ridge kids come suport ur gurl !!! freshman vs . juniors starts the games @ 5:00 pm 
yea , thats right , FRESHMAN WON THE ARHS Powderpuff competition !!!! and errbody was talkin smack bout us !! we we proved EVERYBODY wrong !!!! 
im lovin life :) bout to head to church . 
goodnight my fb buddies ! basketball bright and early tomrw morning ! \ 
-16 days left till im 15 !!!! - 
I just learned a new lesson at my basketball game : basketball is NOT a sport for teenagers with anger problems .. lol 
its too cold here !!! like , really , it needs to get warm so i can start fishin again !!!! 
goin to church , then basketball practice :) 
ughh i didnt know studying greek mythology would be this boring until my english teacher taught it . 
uggh mondays are hard . going to karate for the first time in like forever , by now they must think im dead or something ... 
thinking about my birthday just makes me feel old now . i wanna go back to when there was alot less to stress about . like all the way back to , like , rollings . :( 
wow . you know your high school fine arts program is flat out broke when you have to play a song with weird instruments , and random kazoo solos ... wth 
i . hate . the . doctors . office . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > tired . im ready for it to be friday ! goin to the blakout game vs beufort with < PROPFEMALE > goodman and < PROPFEMALE > sands !! go swampfoxes ! 
so excited to go to the bball game tonight ! man AR was lackin school spirit today .. 
the drama was a little intense at the basketball game , but the actual game was pretty good ... even though we lost . idk where the energy was in the student section ! no one had any spirit ! 
< PROPFEMALE > sleepy after running around all day . the funeral and burial was < PROPFEMALE > o deppressing :( but i got to see my sick aunt , which was good :) \ 
-8 days till im 15- 
gotta love saturday night live ! 
ughh its an awesome day outside , and im stuck inside doing a stupid essay ... fml 
haha i had a funny monday . got a basketball game at seven . wish me luck ! 
ughh slack basketball game ! my team needs to learn that when u get the rebound Dont get happy and run with the ball , WITHOUT DRIBBLING !!!! fml !! 
im hoping the sports med doctor doesnt tell me im out for the rest of the basketball season tommrw .... :'( 
the perfect combination to end my night is me , myself , and a whole lotta < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > cds :) 
ughh !! i cant stand when the doctor reschedules your appointment the day of thr appointment !! fml 
ive decided to do my english mythical creation essay on Llamas ( old insider ) in dedication to my rollings buddies :) 
i had a pretty good day today :) gonna take a quick nap , then i got a basketball game . the fact that one of my best friends is on the oposing team is a little scary to me ... 
haha just lost to old fort baptist 26-16 haha and i awarded < PROPFEMALE > horan official bragging rights haha 
crazy day today , another wild one tommrw . got a game at 10 , gettin my hair did at 12 , picking up my birthday stuff at 2 , then going to see the < PROPFIRST > ridge step show at six . 
my last 24 hours as a 14 year old freshman . ima make these hours count :) 
feels so good to be 15 :) i didnt expect anything from my parents , but i got a lg rumor touch !!!!!! this day can only get better and better :) thanks to EVERYONE for the awesome birthday text and wall post !!!!! 
THANKS EVERYONE FOR ALL THE BIRTHDAY WALL POST AND TEXT !!! today is by far the best day ever !!! 
Had a pretty good day today :) basketball game in a bit . 
it irks my nerves when the reffs arent fair to both teams . ughh . im so ready to play on a sr. church bball team , with ppl my height and size !!! 
ugh . found out today my basketball season is over , and my karate days are numbered .. all thanks to my damaged rotator cuff ... thanks YMCA . fml . 
Ugh . to add to my damaged shoulder tissue , ive got a stupid sore throat\\cold . fml . 
had plans to go see the roomate with < PROPFEMALE > horan and < PROPFEMALE > goodman , but my stupid sore throat/cold got in the way .. :( 
Finally in < PROPFEMALE > ! Bout to go shop at bass pro shops :) 
The only reason i dread valentines day , is bc ppl think its cool to go cheap . thats not the day to be gettin those cheap chocolates , and cheap < PROPMALE > bears who smell like walmart . 
Had a pretty decent day today :) . i miss basketball and karate :( 
So happy its almost the weekend ! already made plans , and no school monday just makes it even better :) 
The weather is PERFECT ! its making up for the bad day i had today . im excited for this weekend ! 
why did my night begin with great italian food and hilarious stories , and end with more drama concerning the ridge ? ughh fml . 
Hmm .. wensday is a half day . im thinkin .. watch south park all afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > goodman ! yep sounds like a plan :) 
Hangin with < PROPFEMALE > goodman ! watching south park and eating eggrolls :) 
had an overall good day today . bout to go to physical therapy ughh 
having a pretty good day today ! out with some of my besties :) 
im off .. i hope for a great monday tommorow :) 
ha only i wud think that being out of sports would give me a break ... NOW IM SO BORED !! 
Haha i love how my last name on my permit was almost McReer hahaha but now ive got my permit :) 
Had an okay day . why must people be so rude ? 
Just ruined my saturday night even more . i guess ppl have a hard time understanding that im < PROPFEMALE > lydell mcteer and im no \carbon copy\ " or \ " look-a-like\ " to anyone . " 
On my way to support NABC at the church leauge all-star game , listin to some waka flocka :) 
Just got back from the all < PROPFEMALE > game , and i got the individual sportsmanship award for nabc !! and good job to all the girls in the game , yall played hard ! 
well , i got my hopes up to get cleared to play sports from the doctor , and i got 3 more weeks of no sports :( but its almost friday , which im looking forward to :) 
this week has been so stressful , but im glad its almost friday :) 
had a pretty good day . today is my dads birthday !, so im goin out to dinner with the fam in a little bit . 
had fun at my dads birthday dinner last night . bout to go clean :( , then goin to nabc basketball cookout :) 
hangin with jannyia white makin my english projrct and watchin some < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
watching the duke vs . unc game :) lets do some work blue devils ! 
listining to some lil < PROPMALE > , goodnight facebook :) 
suppper tired . tommorow ima be volenteering at sonic with < PROPFEMALE > goodman , < PROPFEMALE > horan , and the rest of the ARHS Habitat for Hummanity kids :) come and help our poor school out ! 
habitat for humanity fundraiser at sonic with the besties < PROPFEMALE > horan and < PROPFEMALE > goodman ! please come out if you can and help out poor arhs , the sonic we are located at is on dorchester :) 
haha had loads of fun at the arhs habitat for humanity fundraiser at sonic ! \ 
* standing by the road screaming , holding signs*\ 
me-look at that car\ 
< PROPFEMALE > h- it looks like it has some sort of syndrome ! \ 
hahaha half day tommorow 
had a great day today :) and i need to drop some money in ulta ! im craving new lotions and stuff :) 
people can have such unfortunate lives . just know that prayer can change EVERYTHING . 
Tell me why people had to pinch a sista , even though i wore green !? smh 
doing chores all day :( but hangin with my besties < PROPFEMALE > Horan , < PROPFEMALE > Goodman , < PROPFEMALE > Durda , and < PROPFEMALE > Sands tonight :) 
had an awesome time at the movie with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > s frans < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! saw some good frans from school , and some old rollings buddies :) and we had LOADS of fun running around sears grand :) \ 
* random baby crying*\ 
me : whats that ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > : sounds like a baby having an excorcism \ 
hahaha :) 
about to go get my hair done :) 
having an awesome weekend :) 
going downtown :) 
Im completley in love with Forever 21 !! 
gotta get off of cloud 9 and come back to reality cause here comes monday :/ 
ughh im havin a rough monday :/ first some idiot pulled the fire alarm so we stood outside for 45 < PROPFEMALE > , then i get in trouble for having two B's .. lovely . 
so tired . sixth period was the funniest today :) im also feeling a slack day tommorow :) 
im completley exhausted . i can already tell tonights gonna be one of those nights where i just do my neccesary homework , eat something , and pass out on my bed . 
i had a great day ! bout to go to my last PT appt !!! then i get to go back into my usual sports practices finally ! 
going to practice driving . but after all the mess we all go through in our slack high schools know this : a wise friend of mine told me that Haters are just Motivaters . keep that in mind . 
ugh packing clothes :( lord knows the words \pack light\ " are not in my vocabulary ! heading to florida tommrow ! " 
Sittin in the car listening to kid cudi , playing games on my ipod , wraped up in a blanket . gotta love 7 hour car rides :) 
its 3:40 in the dang morning , and i havent gotten one ounce of sleep since 2:00 yesturday morning . yep , im going to be\ 
in such a pleasant mood today . at this point , i just wanna ge the ish outa florida and come home !!!!!!! 
just got home from driving all over summerville :) some people in summerville ne < PROPMALE > to take drivers < PROPMALE > again ... 
flowertown festival with the bestie friday :) im hoping it doesnt rain tho . 
just got out of karate class , and it feels good to take class after practically sitting on my butt and watching the grass grow for almost 2 months ... \AHA field day\ " friday with all the besties . also a great excuse to get out of 8th period btw .. and flowertown festival afterwards with < PROPFEMALE > Goodman :) " 
extremely exhausted . but im enjoyin life :) thank god for real friends . bc fake ones only want you when ur doing good , not when your overcoming obstacles . 
im so tired , but im determined to have an awesome time at the flowertown festival tommorow with my bestie < PROPFEMALE > goodman ! 
watchin talledaga nights with some theraflu , bc some little germy teenager at arhs gave me a slightly sore throat :( 
just gettin home . i had lots and lots of fun at the festival with < PROPFEMALE > goodman and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! i saw some old friends , and made a little trip to rollings and < PROPMALE > out with ms skow . i saw my girls < PROPFIRST > wilder and < PROPFEMALE > cooper :) and ppl need to remember : weave isnt suited well for everyone . some girls these days ... smh 
this is lovely . its a gorgeous day outside , and im really sick :( 
still very sick . but i know i have more fortunate health than someone in this world :) 
watchin the kentucky vs . uconn game , while drinkin more theraflu . gotta love being sick :( 
NCAA Championship game :) uconn vs . butler ! 
looks like ill be pullin an allnighter because of homework . i hate being a procrastinator ! 
