is definitely not the best baker .... i'm scared of burning my hand ..... :/ 

:) 
is moving aways for 5 days but will be closer to angi :) 
:| 
:) got internet back yay :) 
wants to get a rel tattoo on the ankle and hips 
wants to get a real tattoo on ankle and/or hip 
walking around school tommarrow :( 
be careful of who you trust , don't become close to someone that would soon leave you and break your heart ! 
is :) AND :( 
is confused by the people she loves 
just had a 100 and something pound dog step on my foot :( 
is confused 
don't wanna go to the party :*( 
............... 
is watching taken in broad daylight 
is watching How to Lose Friends and Alienate People 
......... 
is pissed off with att and other stuff .......! 
is mad 
......................... 
.............. 
is P.O. 
.................. hyper got 20 pair of shoes from brazill !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
..... 
< PROPFIRST > i'll ttyl stay online 
hates dogsitting 
is watching so you think you can dance and < PROPFEMALE > next top model 
is super bored 
........................... 
....... 
going to the movies with angelique :) anf vic and his friens :( 
pool party ........ at amplify ... 
is so tan that she is peeling :( 
CHURCH ...... 
going to target {: ( then a 6 year old pool party :( then tomarrow a 15 year old pool party {: ( ugghhh 
pool :) 
still at party with burgers and hot dogs and greasy pizza :( yuck !!!!!!!!!!!! 
feels really tired 
is really tired and doesn't want to do anything at all 
PARTY 2night no parents in , free drinks gotta luv 16 and 17 year old party :D boyzz crazy night bout 2 start :) 
.......... 
is tired 
tiredddddd 
Relationships are just too hard . Hooking up with boys is so much easier . oth 
At the end of the day , you are who you are , and it's probably who you've always been 
trying to firgure out how 2 download music 2 phone ughhh 
gives up 
Love hurts , Boys Lie , People [[ Die ]] Parents yell , You always try , You're never good enough , and you don't know why ! 
is tired doesn't want to go anywhere tommarrow at all 
hospital maybe :( 
tired 
can't wait till august 
you will never become old and wise , if you were never young and crazy ! 
Don't worry about people the people in your past ; there is a reason why they didn't make it to yor future 
a wise girl kisses but doesn't love , listen but doesn't believe , and leaves before she left . mm 
Hates Her Mom !!!!! 
got a freaking virus on my retarded computer ugh can this week get any worse 
no matter how nice someone is or seem never trust them or you'll regret ! mm 
it's better to be hated for what you are then loved for what your not 
a best friend is the one who can look at you with biggest smile on your face and still know that somethings wrong 
sometime we tend to be in dispair when the person we care about leaves but the truth is it's not our loss it's theirs because they left the only person in the world who will never give up on them 
a wise girl knows her limits , but a great girl has none ! ;) 
Some mistake are too much fun to make only once ! ;) dating , hooking up , boysssss 
is sry for the people she hurted ! 
is hanging out with savanah and < PROPFEMALE > and accepting random guys friend request . 
...................... 
is worried 
has a < PROPMALE > headache and had butterfly in her stomach 
Girl's night out ! 
GIRL NIGHT OUT !!!!!!!!! 
answering question and then youth group 
has a headache :( 
listening to \You never let go \"" 
:) hanging out with < PROPFIRST > s . 
tired maybe < PROPFEMALE > house l8r 
watching < PROPFEMALE > best dance crew 
hurts all over :( 
tired and really sore :( 
........ 
ribs hurts 
is hopeful 
is home alone with < PROPFIRST > :) 
hopes friday never comes/hate friday ! 
lets see what happens after today ...... 
is having fun tlking/taking quizzes with < PROPFEMALE > 
loves her partner in crime < PROPFEMALE > BARWELL 
just broke 4 eggs 
the police are looking 4 a suspect describe as Sexy , Funny , and good with guys well ur safe but where should we hide ? ph 
got computer back , work , babysitting , idk 
yay mom is going to drop me off at home and < PROPMALE > is coming over ;) 
making jello for the girls ... :) 
< PROPMALE > house in 30 < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
sopposedly my personality is : expressive , open , self revealing , loves large parties , loud , social , outgoing , does not like social isolation , assertive , social chameleon , positive , always busy , likes to fit in , likes to stand out , enjoys leadership , brutally honest , trusting , optimistic , desires attention , dominant , aggressive , attachment prone , wants to be understood , realistic 
pissed off 
2day is going to be a good day 
is having fun with angi 
crazy 
Got class Schedule : Old test survey : mitchell , world literature 1 : Distephano , World history 1 : wheeler , lunch , Earth science : barnfill , algebra 1 ; spidell , hope-A : calder , spanish : bonorandi ........ :( need to change some things 
my life sucks :( 
is watching fired up ! 
DOESN'T want to dance ballet at all and is being forced either dance little kids tap and ballet and advanced jazz and my age ballet or never dance again ... and is seriously considering not to dance again .... 
can't sleep at all 
happy with guys ;) 
luvs her mom :) < PROPFEMALE > happy :) yay friends 
made a mistake but it's all good great day today i love some people that are in my hope and spanish class ;) 
lock in whoohoooo 
is sooo tires and sore slept for 30 < PROPFEMALE > so far and is finishing homework and then taking a nice long nap !!!!!!! 
bye bye bye u don't know me bye bye bye i'm nothing to you bye bye bye bye ........... 
There use to be one thing that kept me from disappering , that one thing is now lost and will never be the same . 
there use to be one person that kept me alive , now that person is gone and it will never be the same , now i am gone too ~ 
is so glad that boy's makes her happy even if they r perverted sometime ;) ahhhh gotta love boys 
is sometime the people that are sopposed to help you and love you end up hurting you the most !!!!! 
God is all powerful through him i can do anything , goodbye bad girl hello angel ;) 
love your enemies , bless those that curse you , do good to those that hates you , and pray for those that persecute you .... < PROPFIRST > 6:44 
above all , love each other deeply , because love covers over a mutitude of sin ... 1 < PROPFIRST > 4:8 
Just got 5 new pair of high heels :) now i have 40 pair of shoes :)) god have really blessed me this week yay :) 
Love does not delight in evil , but rejoices in the truth , it always protect , always trust , always hopes , and always perserve ..... 1 corinthians 13:6 -7 
everything is in god hands , sometime you have to lose some people and gain new one's even if you don't want too ..... 
had a Great weekend home is starting heaven now and mom is being extremely nice .... ahhhhhh Super tired but weekend was sooooo worth it :) 
is alot of homework but great day today life is amazing expecially when everything is going ur way and god's way :) 
is some people aren't worth crying over sooo just forgive and FORGET !!!!! 
is today is going to be a long day 1 hour of sleep froms studying and homework and waking up every 5 < PROPFEMALE > ughhhhhh 
is soooooo tired , a long day , thank goodness i'm an angel at school cuz i got to sleep 3 times during school :) 
is going to sleep soon !!! thx goodness so tired 
going to sleeeppppppp ......... 
is sooooo happy great day today picture day tomarrow ;) 
peace ! god made this whole week amazing !!! 
is cleaning my room .... and just relizing that i have too much clothes and not enough hangers ...... and working to get in shape !!!!!!!!!!! 
is official on a diet !!!!! gotta lose weight :) 
is relaxing :) and doing homework :( still in pj's:) 
watching movies and the hills at the same time 
my mom appearently was in a cooking mood and made 3 cakes , bbq , a pan full of rice 2 types of salad , and bunch of desserts .......... wow i lose my appetite just by looking at the food :/ 
is happy , calm , wants to gather courage to do a front flip and back flip ;P 
god will never leave you , no matter what :) 
is watching transporter lol and eating applesauce :) 
is tired but wants to watch moviessss :) 
is :) but lazyyyy 
doesn't want today to enddddd !!!!!! 
got skype :) need names :) and needs to know how to use skype :/ 
is going to wax my leg with < PROPFEMALE > :) pain here i come :/ 
learning cheers :/ 
is quiet 
is strangely calm and quiet 
is dance :( 
pain :( 
is being forced to go to a brazilian party competition till 1 :) 
met her friend who was in her class in 4th grade : 0 long time no see 
krazy cookout 
lol i'm an angel and sweetheart :) 
tired had fun . 
tired , just got back from a party , at a friend house , crazy/calm 
is dancing and acting crazy/streching with an 8 , 11 and 5 year old and trying to get a back flip and scropion :) 
cold the house is 65 degrees :O 
got to study ... :| 
can't wait till fri to see angi !! 
going to final hour :) and spirit day tommorrow 
is going truck or treating and trick or treating with angi and ppl 
dance :) headache :( tired :| 
slept over becca house , and is sopposed to be doing her homework , later going to ymca to c becca boyfriend and swim , than home :) 
finally got her computer back and is uploading pics of freshman year 
story :)) and soooo tiredddddd finish uploading freshman pics 
awesome day . was actually chilly , and am tired 
is doing hw and talking to beatrice :) 
homeeeeeeeeee :) 
just melted chocolate and is eating it for breakfast :) 
school tomorrow :/ 
is loving the cold :) 
is having fun sending bumper sticker 
is watching the x-mens movie :p 
Kailey's coming over :) 
can't believe she and everyone in her group forgot the bible video instruction at school :/ guess it's a girl have fun day today :) 
I Love Kailey Costello and Bergen Arnesano !!!!!!!!!! <3<3<3 
Had an awesome crazy night with my best blonde friends everrrrrr ahahahah <3 
oh crapppppppppppppppppp :( 
:/ 
is seeing a play 2morrow with the class ..... :) a shakespear play :| at least it means no hw or test :) 
can't wait till saterday nnn sunday :) :) 
wants to sleepp 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
going to < PROPFEMALE > Feldi house then church with her :) 
.............................................. tiredddd 
busy week . bible video project today , toy fair project tomorrow , thanksgiving party , drag race perhaps on wednesday , ash coming over and maybe < PROPFEMALE > on sat and going to church seeing new < PROPFEMALE > going with < PROPFEMALE > Feldi then going to her house and then church again sunday ...... ahhhh not enough time in this wrorld !!!!!!!!!!! n got a headache right now and is getting rings under my eyes :( 
absoultely totaly exhustated !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
bye bye byeeeeeeee :/ 
just broke a glass cup n have glass in my arm .... great way to start the day 
is being random ... 
bergen house tomorrow , then church with < PROPFEMALE > on sunday , than school ughhh 
bergen house soon then shopping again 
church tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > Feldi n ash ... :) 
think she sprained her back ...... :( 
hahaha is dancing around/doing chorse in highheel and cute clothes while listening to fergi music ..... ahaha a very weird typical day 
Is thinking twice about having kids ! just got the neighbors to go home after getting bit twice in the arm by a 6 year old ..... got 2 bite < PROPFIRST > on my arm ...... 
church tmrw .... head hurts 
is eating :) 
so confused with drama .... 
a bit annoyed 
<3 
is soooooo freaking annoyed .... 
is shocked :) 
Eating :) 
Learned how to Jerk .. yay !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
dnt want to go on the train tmrw :( and is sad she will be staying in delray ... 
food :) 
LAST DAY OF SCHOOL BEFORE CHRISTMAS BREAK STARTS !!!!!!!!!! WHOO HOOO 
CHRISTMAS BREAK !!!! 
loves the cold front !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love cold weather the only bad thing is that u can't go swimming or get a freaking tan 
shopping then movies 
this is what i get for letting the dogs out and going back to sleep .. : a sprinkler pipe half chewed and a flooded yard . 
hands are sooo freaking coldddddd 
Lovessss music !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wants to go to the beach !!! 
can't believe how yesterday i ate crab cake while thinking it was fish and almost going into the emercency room because of it ..... wow great birthday < PROPFEMALE > Vanover 
getting tan :) 
party , church , dont rly feell well but w/e get to wear heels 
If at first you don't succeed ..... Destroy all evidence showing that you tried :p 
so freaking tired !!!!!!!!!! 
loves how she can trip when walking on flat surface ......... 
loves starbucks !!!!!!!!!!! 
is 9th grade wintercourt dress up days are gay 
is woundering whether to have ice cream or apple sauce ........... 
studying than party than studying then party again 
doesn't feel good :( has to be at school at8 tmrw to make up exam yuck 
watching movies in bed and having mom make you food is the #1 treatment of being sick 
is fat ......... :O 
dancing ;) 
oh boyyyyy .... 
<3 music 
doesn't know what to do .... 
loves chocolate 
oh boy ......... 
food is the best thing in the worldddddd 
maybe wintercourt or fair :) than partyyy ahhh i am not going to get any sleep at all :) 
moviesss than party 
http://www .. formspring.me/xolaura77 
Ask me anything http://formspring.me/xolaura77 
is thinking 
CNT find her freaking cord ugghhh am going to be sooo fusterated when i finally do find it 
Gives up ..... wish she was back at the boca resort where paradise was amazingggg 
superbowl and food yum 
ughhhhh school 2mrwwwww 
is annoyed with some people ... But w/e I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > sooo much who is a true friend and my brazilian twinnnn !!! :) 
Makin a Chocolate cake while dancing ......... with < PROPFEMALE > 
had an interesting convo with Bergen Arnesano and hoprfully she listen and dont hate that i'm right :P 
ask me anything http://www.formspring.me/xolaura77/q/157956643 
movies :) <3 
is happy :) 
wants to go to the beach 
is craving ice cram on top of a hot brownie at 10:40 p.m. ? wow 
church party than church again with aliciaaa 
could seriously eat ice cream all day 
so i walk in my room it's pitch black . halfway through i step on my skateboard and fall backward ......... ughhh 
is done with her lab report yes !!!!!!!! I HATE LAB REPORTS !!!!!!! 
Just basically saved Kailey < PROPFEMALE > Costello life by \helping\ " her with the retarded lab report ........ :/ she is so spoiled " 
hates running !!! 
ohhh boy .......... 
\christian\ " party now ;) " 
Life is simple , its just not easy . 
is really happy :) 
< PROPFEMALE > favorite quote : BOYS are like matches , they are rather boring alone , but light them up and they'll be on FIRE\ ahahahah :) " 
Loves < PROPFIRST > Strano and < PROPFEMALE > Miller and < PROPFEMALE > Lake :) 
is going sun bathing 
is so much school work which i dnt feel like doing .... is listening to music and eating and dancing hahah i multitask well 
party ....... wants to go home .... only highlight is that i'm with the world cutest lil kid :) 
is going tanning tmrw :) 
is surprised that my head hasen't blown up yet with all the thoughts running through my head ......... 
Has officially deleted a creep named < PROPFIRST > !!! ughhhh no matter how hard i try 2 forget certain people ..... I just CAN'T 
some things just have to fall apart in order for things to fall into places ..... 
is in a stage of shock after finding her elementry friends < PROPFEMALE > Valdez and < PROPFEMALE > DeSouza !!!! <3 
is losing her mind ....... 
is life has majors up and down 
I've been making a list of the things they DON'T teach YOU @ SCHOOL . They DON'T teach you how to love somebody , They DON'T teach you how to be < PROPMALE > They DON'T teach you how to walk away from someone you don't love any longer They DON'T teach you how to know what's going on in someone else's mind They DON'T teach you wha ... t to say to someone who's dying They DON'T teach you anything worth knowing . ~ < PROPMALE > Gaiman 
can't wait for < PROPFIRST > birthday tmrw :) 
is hw , and than a nice nap :) 
is in love with brownies :) 
needs a longer weekend !! 
dance , dance , dance 
Mision trip :) 
mission trip yaaaaaayyyyy 
LEARNED how to play \Down\ " on the PIANO by youtube in LESS than 1 hour :) ready for mission trip :) :) " 
is glad to be home , but miss all the stars and peacefulness of the mission trip 
i can do all things through christ who strengthen me :) 
might finally be able to go to schl tmrw :) 
i love < PROPFEMALE > Higgins 
still love < PROPFEMALE > Higgins :p and lost her voice again 
has no voice am babysitting the cutest 4 year old for 6 hours today , tmrw fri , and mon :) hahahah joy 
Has no idea of what to eat ..... 
beach :) 
sleepover at < PROPFEMALE > Vanover pool later maybe around 3 or 4 in the morning ...... oh and best convo today is < PROPFIRST > Vanover : i can't handle you two , your too wild Laura : ME wild no way i'm never too wild ;) 
Convo at the movies .......... < PROPFEMALE > Vanover : < PROPFEMALE > if someone kidnapped you , they would bring you right back cause your too wild ... < PROPFEMALE > : Yaaaaa your probably right but if they kidnapped you they would bring you back cause your too quiet ... and its better too BE WILd than nothing ;) 
is going fishing a girl thing ? 
is at frind house , than pool than beach than fishing joy 
beach 
how do u explain to a 4 year old about why/how jesus died and why he didnt see the bad guys coming to \hurt\ " him and why the bad guys are in hell when its better 2 be in heaven ? " 
pool than beach :) 
loves < PROPFEMALE > Free !!!! :) 
is shocked to say the least ... but practincing flips babysitting , party , and pool is my weekend so far .... 
is < PROPFEMALE > Free is an amazing friend !!!! <3 
think she pulled a muscle ..... leson learn dnt try a back tuck if uve never done flips before 
is going to learn how to do flips !!!! 
basiscally is 97% sexually pure :) hahah 
dancin in the rain 
loves ..? 
cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > Marino tmrw 
dance .. :) 
agrees with what bergie became fan of ..... Girls arm around a guy neck and his hand around her waist is deff the best hugs ..... :) 
craving CHOCOLATE !!!!!!!!! 
babysitting 2 days in a row ???? whatttttt 
is confuseddddd :( 
just made to cake and am sick of it ..... 
danceeeeeeee sooon 
gonna be 15 soon :) and going to a dance performance :) 
Is going to be 15 in 2 hours !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Thanks for all the Birthday Wishes :) i love you guys <3 and just saw an amazing dance performance and is reallly happy :) 
trying to make a webcam work ..... :/ i am deff not technical with this things 
Got my webcam to work !!!! :) 
is < PROPFEMALE > Marino , < PROPFEMALE > Marino , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is over :) 
ughhhhhhhh webcam are sooo difficult !!!!!!!!!! 
movies with girly's 
is < PROPFEMALE > Miller and < PROPFIRST > Strano is amazing !!!!!!!!! 
is < PROPFEMALE > Miller and < PROPFIRST > Strano are amazing !!!!! thanks < PROPFEMALE > Domond 
had a great almost full day with < PROPFEMALE > Levis <3 
been eating foodddd alll day :) 
meeting :/ 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
beach tmrw so excited :) 
Was watching \Kick Ass\ " with a 4 year old but ummmmm ..... but is now watching \ " losers\ " And apparently i'm the best babysitter ever :) " 
danceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
Summer is going 2 b amazing ! 
is sooo happy ... so far best summer ever 
How do you reply to a 4 year old when she does something wrong and you ask her WHY she did it .. AND she say \GOD told ME to DO it \"?" 
summer is 2 good to be true right now :) 
food is a girl best friend ........... \ 
So appairently i'm a brat ..? Me : i'm so happy . Mom : of course u get everything u want . Me : no i dnt i dnt get half the things i ask for ! Mom : if u got everything u ask 4 i would have 2 sell the house n car .. Me : true true so when do we start ? Mom : \slams the door\ " haha " 
Movies 
c ... h .. a ... r ... m ... e ... d ........ 
Cam people actually move things with their minds ? Or is that just a tale 
Life is nothing without friendships ! <3 
just back from point workshop ....... gotta practice way more 
is in love with far east movement ... judo and party at lighthouse point tmrw :) 
apparently is hosting a < PROPFEMALE > tea party ....... on wed .... :) 
channning < PROPFEMALE > is amazing .... :p 
maybeeee might get a new phoneeee :) SO should i get a red or grey samsung freeform ? 
jazz n hip hop soonnn :/ 
Life is a ticket to the greatest show on earth 
Hip hop abs = Killer workout 
didn't actually know that the alphabet and twinkle twinkle little < PROPFEMALE > had the same tune ... bet your singing the alphabet now lol 
Got a new phoneeee 
GOing to north < PROPFEMALE > ! With < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , jamie , mimi , christine , christina , and a bunch of other people 
North < PROPFEMALE > here we are ! 
is coming home from north < PROPFEMALE > and misses everyone from the wilds :( 
wants to go back to North < PROPFEMALE > 
some little kids can be the cutest thing ever while others can be your worst nightmare .... 
\You make me feel Like I'm livin ' a Teenage dream\ " ..... in love with this song " 
hahha dancing around the house :) 
is so lazy to start on her projectssss ughhhh 
:) :) :) :) :) :) :) life is near perfect right now 
appairently love can be good and Bad ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Hansen is the most amazing person alive lol (: On the way to the mall , then football game ! 
RESTING .... finally 
my left eye is swollen :( :( 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Ahhhhh schoollll 
Weekends :) date with my amazing dance teacher tmrw ... :) 
is dropping honors bio !!!!!!!! :) 
is so tired !! 
whats ur top 3 songs . 
yay weekends 
Stephens birthday party :) than another party tmrw !! who hoo 
Hates blowing/putting helium in balloons because they sometime pop and scares the crap out of me !!! 
little kids parties wear me out .. 
Dear God please give me the strength i need to get through today and the next 3 days amen ! 
3 more days to go , u can do it < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
its FRIDAY !!!! 
Had a great Time at Bergen Arnesano party !!!!!!!!!!!! 
so much homeworkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk:'( 
maybe no schl since there is a TS .... 
lets do it ........ like this and ill truth is !!!! 
is at doing crunches with jackieeeee 
yay i get to cheer in the HOT HOT sun ! 
Thank you sun for giving me a horrible tan line ! 
I am such a good neighbor ..... i let kids draw all over me with color pens ... 
IM SO TIRED 
So i told my mom that i was going to be a vegetarian and basicially she told me no the **** i'm not . She says \God left animals for us to eat\ " haha we will see who wins the battle ! " 
is a fat 
Ballet point shoes really hurts if your not used to them :( 
nevermind i love my mommy she gives in to what i want ... usually 
i HATE when people don't keep their freaking words !!! 
HOMECOMING TMRW !!! COME EVERYONE 
HOMECOMINGTODAY !!! HOPE tO sEE EVERYONE THERE :) 
homecoming was amazing :) 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !! going trick or treating with angi , bergi , < PROPMALE > and other peoplesss 
Happy Halloween !! Time to get tricky or treating :) 
Just Finished her Science Fair Project in 1 Day !!! Sucess :) 
i need a long long weekend ASAP ! 
LIKE this and ill write two things i ruely like about you and one thing i hate ! 
haha truth is fun lol so lets do like this and ill truth is what i think of you and what ill change of you if i could ...... 
I'm so scared but its a dare ..... so RATE ME : ( 1 ) Crazy ( 2)GF/BF Type ( 3)Talkative ( 4)Sarcastic ( 5)Loveable ( 6)Sexy ( 7)Strong ( 8)mean ( 9)Spoiled ( 10)happy ( 11)Wild ( 12 ) Goofy ( 13)Funny ( 14)Awesome ( 15)Amazing ( 16)Cute ( 17)Rude ( 18)Simple(19)The Best ( 20)Quiet ( 21 ) everything ................. 
loves it when i get to stay home the whole day and relaxxxxx :) 
wants to go home and stay home all day n watch movies !!! am i going to be able to ? Most likely not :( 
made a two layer cake and gave it to my 7 and 8 year old neighbor :) 
Starbucks with < PROPFEMALE > and jackieeeee :) 
So tired :( 
little boys ...... so different from little girls ..... 
Going to church with aliciaaaa :) 
is boarding school bad ? 
Dancing around the house in PJ .....? i think so 
wants a monkey !! 
loves sparkles :) 
shopping is a girls favorite thing !! 
Excited for the heat game tmrw :) woo 
Heat Game whoohoo 
Too tired to do anything 
Itss ccooolldd !!! 
needs sleep big time !! 
seriously needs how body to suck it up and get use to this lovely cold weather ..... like now ! 
seriously needs her body to suck it up and get use to this lovely cold weather ..... like now ! 
hates hates hate bugs ! 
is amazed with how many ppl yells at her .... 
Boat parade with amanda , dylan and other ppls :) 
Its so COLDDD but im loving it 
is at a cookie party looking at atleast 30 types of different cookies ...... 
Got first place in the rocket 
is babysitting watching \Wonder Pets\ " wondering why the animals only gets a call when there is no humans around ?...... " 
Loves movies and wishes she was watching one right now 
Coyote ugly is amazing :) 
wants an itouchhhhhh 
is wondering how she is going to talkto a girl that speaks only turkish ... and teach her basic english ... oh boy 
Loves music !!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > peoples :) 
:) its christmas < PROPFEMALE > yay :) 
haha LIKE this n ill answer the questions :) 1 . Do i think ur good looking ? 2 . What was my first impression of u ? 3 . In one word how would i describe u ? 4 . What kind of friend do i think u r ? 5 . What kind of parents do i think u would be ? 6 . What would i change about you ? 7 . Why i like you ? 8 . Would i want to remember u in the future ? 9 . My fav moment with u is ....? 10 . Who r u to me ? 
Got a tinkerbell pillow and blanket :) :) hahahah score :p 
there is no milk at home :( 
Gingerbread Coffee is the BEST coffee ever !!!! 
:'( 
I don’t know the key to success , but the key to failure is trying to please everyone —Bill Cosby 
Flew :) :p 
LOVES her her mother abandons her at dance just because she had to wait 5 extra minutes :/ and than refuses to pick me up .... im amazed by how much she loves me :/ .. 
DOesnt wanna go to dance :( 
has a big day tmrw 
my mom loves me so much . She wished me good luck ! 
:/ oh boy .. 
Did amazing at my first Game Cheer Prep !! :) Thank God :) 
Drinking a jug of coffee on a empty stomach is a bad idea ... 
so colddd eating ice cream ..... :) 
So glad to be home ... 
I guess that trying to understand God is like trying to solve a huge puzzle of only sand ... practically impossible ... 
God understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them . 
LIKE ... FOR TBH 
\Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own . \"" 
wishes she had siblings ... 
only God can understand how we truely feel .. staring pass the fake smile or tears streaming down your face ... 
at Cracker Barrel in my cheer uniform ... which makes everyone look at me and saying im pretty haha 
God knows everything 
having someone you Love move away is one of the WORST thing that could Ever happen to you . Its a feeling that no words can describe .. and another heartache that you wnt ever forget ... 
went to < PROPFEMALE > Secrets while babysitting with friends and the 5 year old caused a < PROPMALE > fit cause she found a small bra that \fit\ " her and wanted it but the mom wouldnt buy it cuz it was $15 ... haha kids these days .... " 
Friends are when they are there for you through the good times and especially through the bad ... <3 
ughhh :( ..... But funny how sometimes ppl u never expected comes in your life n helps you 
needs to get more flexible ... 
my life sucks 
So tired , so sore , so hoping that i dnt get any sicker ... 
Me : hey kayli do you know how to cook rice and beans ? Kayli : ya i know how to cook we have a rice cooker n i just open the can of refried beans , pour it in a bowl , and put it in the microwave and it cooks ...... me : oh my gosh ..... Hahahahaha .... oh boy 
Me : hey cam what letter is this ? 3 year old : Its a B Me : Yeah ! Your right :) what does the B stand for ? 3 year old : B stands for < PROPFIRST > !! Of yeah < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST >,< PROPFIRST > whoohoo :D Me : :/ .......... Right ...... 
The ones that you love the most are usually the ones that hurt you the most ... \ 
~ kati tgj 
\Truth and tears clear the way to a deep and lasting friendship . \"" 
hope n faith keeps me going 
Today is the big winterfest day !! 
was at cvs and with two little girls screaming n jumping on me calling me their mommy ... A lady comes up and ask me : r u rly their mommy or related to them by any < PROPMALE > ...... cuz u seem young ..? Me : no they r just kids i babysit n teaches dance too ...... lady : ohh .... welll good luck it seems like u will be a likable mom .... Me : g thanks . 
sometimes only dreams can get u pass what your going through 
dreams <3 
sang the abc's song afront of a group of other peoples !!! 
im too sentimental .... i need to toughen up , have my guards up n be strong n care less bout people cuz i dont know how much i can take till my heart explodes ... 
just cause your smiling doesnt mean your happy ... 
you say i'm always happy , and that i'm good at what i do , but what you'll failed to see is i'm a damn good actress too .... 
its better to be hated for what you are than loved for what your not ... 
Someday I'll fly away .... 
you don't know what i'm capable of doing ... good and bad .. 
Be YOURSELF , no one can tell youyour doing it wrong .... <3 
When you learn to accept n love pain , you lose fear of everything else 
We should get payed to go to school ... Cuz school is work n makes you tired just like any other jobs ... 
Be careful with what you say ... sometime the littlest thing you say can make someones day , not matter , or hurt them inside ..... 
Boys have such an easier life than girls .... 
hates when she makes an account n than forgets the password ........ and the sad things is that it happend 3 times well time to make a 4th orkut account ... :/ 
it better be < PROPFEMALE > tmrw cuz i need a tan !!!!! 
hahaha people make me laugh at how stupid they can be ... 
“I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying . ” ~ < PROPFEMALE > 
passion of christ movie + < PROPFIRST>'s day = numb but good feeling .... Lol 
God can help us in many ways and make dreams come true ... i just wished he helped faster and made dream come true more often .... 
lost her laptop ..... :( 
needs to work on having a stronger faith n not stressing out when somethings goes wrong .... but i cn do it :) 
seriously some friends are worth more than gold .. 
Found my Laptop :) :) :) 
needs a 6 day weekend but ill take the 3 days ........ 
\I do it for the one's who got my back ( ooh-ooh-wee ) \ 
Wishes her mother was nicer n that i was less stubborn .. 
there is nothing better than love 
Dancin :) 
Foot hurts so bad from ballet :( 
ughhh ... being sick sucks 
Sick :( havent been able to talk for 3 Freakin Days Straight !! :( 
ugh , i feel like a four year old fighting on who pushed who with my mom ... 
Why was sore throat and coughing invented ? Ughhhh 
The best thing to do is sleep ... 
needs to have endurance and practice everyday for dance 
TIme to get Glamerous :p hahah so excited 
is so tired ?? Had an amazing time dancing with Bergen and < PROPFIRST > at < PROPFEMALE>'s sweet :) Amazing night minus the blister on my feet :p 
my poor feet ... n calfs are in so much pain from having a good time dancing 
loves dancing and her dance teachers are amazing !!!! 
wants green contacts !!! 
little kids are sooo cute especially when they try to cook in order to make u a meal :p 
RLy hope she is with someone calm so she doesnt get eaten by an alligator at the everglades 
CAnoeing at the everglades .... oh boy 
am soooo tired n spring break hasn't even started for me yet :( 
am getting the marrige talk from a 5 year old ... : Gracie : < PROPFEMALE > , i have a boyfriend ... Me : really , well im going to tell him he cnt have u n that u are not allowed to date . Gracie : DATE !!!? Im not dating , i am Not going to date till i am a grown up and get married .. He is my boyfriend but we are NOT dating only when we get married ... Me : very interesting way of thinking .. kids these days :/ 
ughhhhhhh where is my spring break !!!? 
no heat n no electricity :( cold showers no comp or tv ahh they better fixed it soon 
Tmrw is a half day !!!! Finally 
ouch :( came out of shower guess my feet were still wet , slipped on my floor , fell on skateboard made it to bed went to turn lights off , banged my head on my chair ... ughh clumsy enough ? 
needs more peace love and joy ... 
ankles are swollen 
Big Girls Don't Cry ... na na na 
Tanning with jackie :) 
ughhhhhhhhh 
Being a girl sometimes sucks 
so happy :) 
is rly tired ... 
my eyelashes is about an inch and something long .... :o 
wakes up to 3 little girls yelling and jumping on me :/ wow ... sometimes im glad im an only child 
is taking care of the barbeque hehe i like messing with fire 
knees are bruised :/ 
:\ ( my mom won't let me go to a sleep away camp in Costa Rica because its not christian ... :( " 
parents knows best ??? Hmm sometimes .. 
Can't decide:'( Horseback riding or Paintball ? 
ugh my schl laptop got a virus give it to the man to fix it and he WIPED OUT my ENTIRE laptop :/ !!!! Ugh im so screwed 
Had a good time at the retreat :) but am rly tired have no voice and got a huge gift from the stairs railing of a huge bump bruise on my hand ... yay 
loves how her mom hates when im silent and bothers me like every 5 minute when im trying to study :/ 
