I will not go down underground , when somebody tells me deaths come around . And i will not < PROPFEMALE > myself down to die . When I go to the grave my head will be high 

I'm the devil , if ever there was such a thing . The results of much to many drugs is what your seeing . I'm a mind fuck , completely disgu-uh-uh-ting . A human mutt fuck a being , I'm a dog . Fuck a lamb i'm silencin em all , im involved in murders forensic scie 
just listenin to music and thinkin 
needs 4oz . gloves , a heavy bag , and someone wanting to spar 
til my last breath I will stand on my feet as a man , and say that I love you . 
i promise to live for i am promised to die 
needs to get away for a while . anyone wanna go out of town for a weekend before the end of summer ? 
it puts its face in a pillow and leaves me the fuck alone 
a place to spend my quiet nights , time to unwind . So much pressure in this life of mine . I cry at times i once contemplated suicide , and woulda tried , but when i held that 9 all i could see was my momma's eyes . No one knows my struggles . they only see the 
such a random night ha ha 
hahahhahahahahahahahah . no more underage for me :) 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes 
great birthday weekend :) 
i never talked to them boys that sat on them benches . i was in the game on fourth and inches . 
yeah i'm afraid , like i'm scarred as a dog , but i got a new song and i want ya'll to sang allllllloooonnnng . sang alllllloooooonnng . see this is the way we walk on a < PROPFEMALE > day when its rainin inside and your alllll alllllllooooonne . allllll allllloooooooonnee 
you on your fifteen minutes of fame , and on the sixteenth beginith the lame and on seventeen you lose everything . 
HA HA FUCKIN HA ! great night 
< PROPMALE > tomorrow . geeked up ! 
< PROPMALE > tonight ! pregamin as i type :) 
yay ! no fireworks for me tonight ! just work . shitty . text me . ill be bored . or send me pictures of fireworks and stuff lol . 
walk a thousand < PROPMALE > in my shoes , just to see , what its like , to be me . lets trade shoes ill be you . just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain , you feel mine . go inside each others minds . just to see what we find , look at shit through each others eyes . 
so can you do me a favor ? if i pull it together , make it sooner than later . 
I'm allergic to stupid , and these people like to make me itch . 
i have a belief ill never die . If you < PROPMALE > believe me just ask and ill explain it to you . But it makes me appreciate life all that much more . 
has officially just fallen in love with the movie ninja assassin 
goin out to get it in !! 50 cent beer and dancin . text or call it . 
long day of skatin then worked . definitely beat . wakin up tomorrow to hit the park till its dark then drink the night away hopefully . hit me up if ya wanna do somethin . 
lets see where the night leads ! 
off tonight , tomorrow and tuesday . hit me up . 
life is like a reflection pool . you look at each ripple and see your life as it branches out fron the start . yet it all flows the same way . so throw in a few stones and make it interesting . 
Run up in ya house , leave ya brains on the couch . Shoot up everything , f**k is aimin about ? 
workin from 2 p.m. To 1 a.m. L.d.f.m.f.y. 
just gotta make it through work tonight . Then STUFF ! 
contemplation of where you've been and where you'll go is the essential foundation to discover who you are and what you stand for . 
i know a girl named < PROPFEMALE > , her last name ball . I look into her eyes and i can see it all . I see her when she cries , im there when she calls , cause i live inside of the mirror on the wall . 
is addicted to vitamin water , and TOAST , and STUFF 
just got beat with a car radio in a bag while In a health care center . Hilarious minus the lil bit of blood and sore elbow . 
epic boredom !!!!!!! 
for the first time in my life i think i am actually exhausted . This will be the third straight night of three hours or less sleep and constant dancin . Think im gonna crash after tonight lol . 
loves a movie where an 11 year old girl has like quadruple the body count of < PROPMALE > cage . 
is gonna use the term \semi-livid\ " to explain my current mood . lets hope the day gets better . " 
is probably about to get cussed out by a bunch of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > fans . i like the guy and all . but it isnt my fault that he can't roundhouse kick . < PROPMALE > believe me . look it up . 
yup . One of them nights . . . . 
hookeduh on po-honics , workedah fo MEH ! 
Is it rude for a deaf person to talk ( sign ) with their mouth full of food ? 
i go by the name of gangsta crizzab ! and me and the grey sock gang is here to fuck yall up ! 
foot meets face 
correction . foot STROKES face . 
my week has blown by . work tonight . off tomorrow . lets make it a good weekend . 
walks in the rain are always amazing . even helps put things in life in more perspective . may have to go for another one . 
walk on air . show me to the edge and ill walk off there . 
i < PROPMALE > wanna work tonight . but blach . i guess there isnt another option lol . 
feelin super geeked right now . < PROPMALE > even know why . Just definitely know i need to go clown when i get off work . Who has somethin to do at one in the mornin ? 
the body moves . the mind floats . the heart races . the blood flows . the good times roll . the bad times always go . life is motion . yet i wanna stop everything for just a moment to clear the confusion and just know whats what ? 
you just got beat down by a chick !.... With a penis ! 
For once not exactly sure how to say everything that i wanna say . 
I have walked a bitter line . Chosen second over cheap wine . Still i look for brighter times .... I run with trouble . 
i be runnin round gettin high on love . Too much'a kill ya i know that's right . But i got that crack and she got that pipe . 
they say keep your friends close and your enemies closer . so friends stay upstairs and enemies at my house six feet under . 
camping fo da weekend . Time to get my monkey on in some trees and thangs . 
back in town . Suppose it's time to be civilized again . Or at least as civilized as i gets anyway . Who am i kiddin . Time to keep on foolin . 
I typed a text to this girl I used to see , sayin that I chose this cutie pie with whom I wanna be , and I apologize if this message gets you down . Then I cc:' d every girl that I'd see see round town . Hate to see ya'll frownin but I'd rather see her smilin ' . 
layin down for the night . things are good . and constantly working toward better . 
gotta love some snowie 
really bad feeling right now . is everyone ok . cause i < PROPMALE > like it . 
is kinda sorta super excited for tonight . Can't remember last time i got to cook for someone or that me and my boy threw down in the kitchen . 
bout to be a busy weekend . But its all part of elevatin the game . Startin the path toward two goals in one weekend . Gotta love it ! 
oh muh dear sweet jesus . Lower body was just completly assaulted by personal trainer . Ow . Ow . Ow . Upper body tomorrow . Yay !! 
time to gets it in for the weekend . Nasty meow makers on tha track !! 
i got , ice in my veins , blood in my eyes , hate in my heart , and love in my mind . I've seen , nights full of pain , days are the same . You keep the sunshine , save me the rain . I search but never find , hurt but never cry . I work and forever try , but im cursed so never mind . And its worse so better times seem further and beyond . The top gets higher , the more that i climb . 
couldn't tell you how long its been since i've felt this at peace and tranquil . Thank you lord . Always got the way to pick me up . 
I wants to play in the rain 
about to be off work and have no clue what to do with my day 
I can dream , it's a simple thing . I'm building a time machine . 
I'm feelin that childhood ambition kicking in . 
see miss , i'll let ya know that i'm diggin ya style . I wanna know if you wanna stay for while . Let's talk about some things in ya life . We can see where we end up in the night . 
enjoyin the rain way to much . Been standin out in it since i got off work . I love the rain . 
pissed would not even be a marginally accurate descriptor for right now . 
is absolutely lovin the bartending thing :) 
this s**t was all i knew , you and me only . I did it all for you , but still you were lonely . But we can work it out . 
you < PROPMALE > wanna stop , no breaks , no hazard lights . I satisfy , very accurately . I work in the satisfactory factory . How about dance and a daquiri . Then i gotta pin ya to the bed like we wrastlin . 
a chipotle induced coma the other day lead me to have probably one of the most random yet awesome dreams ever . < PROPMALE > you love it when such things happen . 
workin the bar at adis tonight ! Come see me ! $1 wells . $1 draft pabst and < PROPMALE > light . Three different dj's spinnin . First night for a every friday occurence . Come out and get it in . 
ah the epic suck that is ten pointless hours at udf . 
i < PROPMALE > follow rules , stupid old things . 
went crazy all day yesterday . Can't remember last time i was so hyper and woke up at 9 this morning and just busted out cleanin . So chillin and cleanin . Hit me up !! 
\that's what i came to I-hop for\ " . \ " nah b***h you came here fa me \"." 
Wants to go do parkour right now . had to much fun doin it at IHM . 
i am exceptionally bored right about now ... 
i assume i need no introduction . 
just so it is stated in fact for you to see . I do not know what im doin for my birthday . Im up to suggestions and ideas lol . 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! The birthday was certainly smashing ! 
wouldn't trade this life for anything ! 
anything goin on ? Im definitely far to bored right now . 
run run run as fast as you can . I'll catch you cause im the < PROPFEMALE > bread man . . . . With rocket luancher . 
when life gives you lemons , its time to find a new god ! 
LOVES THIS STORM !!! 
a persons past is that for a reason . It shapes who they are but does not dictate what they do . 
just chillin til work at ten . Hit me up . 
just bought a cash register , speakers , and a record/cassette player for twenty bucks . Epic win . My day is happy . Love peppermint pig . 
tonight is the night to stunt hard . I had a great day and it keeps gettin greater . Its the night to celebrate for sure . Goin bananas at adis 
wow . Really bout to cuss someone the fuck out . 
goin to church today and get to see my family . Really excited . 
so stealing my lil brother soon . He is the coolest kid since buttered toast wit strawberry jelly . Love him to death !!! 
hmmmmm . Really bored . Whats goin on tonight ? 
so its a beautiful day out . Who wants to do somethin ? 
so whats goin on ? 
ten different nightmares for then ten times i fell asleep . Really really sucky :/ 
its been a interesting week so lets see what the night holds . 
i don't think i've ever actually been this bored before . It ' ecstatically sucking . 
now has a signature shot . Super hyphy . Workin on the name . Come get at ya boy !! 
haha . Wow . The things in life that make you sit back and just laugh forever hard . 
love it when i forget to go to sleep :) 
just decided sports clips is that shit lol . 
hypno-twat + blue brandito = greatest dual fist drink combo ever . ( period ) . 
yay . Already bored today !! Whats up ? 
yay . Get home to relize i left my keys at the bar . So i get to walk forty minutes there then forty back . So wonderful . 
up at 9 a.m. to dance . Certainly a first for me lol . 
live , learn , love . These are the fundamentals to enjoying your time in this world . Do nothing less . 
thursday thru today have easily been the most awesome days this year . Lets keep it goin lol . 
i need less friends , more bread . Less talk , more head . I used to ride escorts , now i get escorted . . . She said she like all girls , so i turned the girl co-ed . 
patron and lime .... Yum-flippin-tastic ... Nuff said . 
Got me scratchin my head like poison < PROPFEMALE > cause im as confused as a stripper applyin at NASA . 
lol . Love that feeling when you know you're good but you have that empty feeling . But you know exactly why it's there . 
arian < PROPMALE > thatnk you for these lovely 37 points you gave me . 
yeah . Think im gonna just kinda stay off the grid for a while . 
Her ! That one there ! She ain't gettin no hamburger helper ! 
quite epically bored . 
first year with a fantasy football team and what happens ? First game won . Highest points in the league . That's what im talkin about ! 
cannot lie . I love my job . Especially the random < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s breakfasts at six in the morning . 
busy day busy day ! So excited . Hammerin out a final run of the dance . Workin out . And carlye's birthday dinner . Check out our dance \ace boogie_aaron < PROPFIRST > - neighbors know my name\ " on you-tube . " 
started my night drinkin at the bar . Now on a short party bus goin to a driving range . Let's see where the night goes . Love my life . 
come up to adis !! Free pool , cheap drinks , and good times . Come out i need some comp on the pool tables . 
Tonight it goes down !! Kickin it at Adis sneaker party . Best guy and girl pairs of shoes get 25 dollar tab . OME will be in the building . Jac savage is your host . MJ the DJ spinnin for the night . I'm behind the bar pourin you up . $2 wells , $1 drafts and shot specials . Come go ham and enjoy your friday . 
things on mym mind . Just gonna go walk around . Wish i had a skateboard right now . 
hahahahahahaha .... hahahahahaha . That just entirely made my day better . 
\Superman can't cook chicken like this . \ " gotta love lyfe jennings ! " 
Forget cloud nine . You know you're at the top when only heaven's right above you . 
Power is out so im sittin at the bar . Ha ha ha . 
I'm sendin shots . It's happy hour . I shoot from close range . I'ma need a towel . 
Just got a serious craving for some b dubs can't wait til tomorrow . Gettin completely swayze . Great weekend :) 
I'm at a party with jesus juice . Love my life . :) 
Amazingly bored . Anything going on today ? 
First dance rehersal . Now football . Then adis . Wonderful day in the works . 
Tonight at adis ! O . M . E . Presents : parrrty . And it certainly will be a good time ! Come on out . 
Can you get a D . U.I. On a skateboard ? 
hi . I am alive , well , and excessively happy . That is all :) 
So general question . Am i ever really hard to find ? Would you just ask me where i am maybe ? 
If you're not at adis . Get here . And entertain me . Now lol . 
Ah nokia 5800 . How i have missed you . :) 
I think someone and I may need to have a talk . 
I put diamonds on all my food . Why ? Cause one . It's the most baller shit you can do . Two . It makes my doo doo twinkle . 
come on try and tame me . Tell ya mom i'm bad , tell ya grandma why i'm dangerous . Tell ya < PROPFEMALE > he pussy , tell ya brother he a bitch . I'll own em . < PROPFIRST > . Set . Go run in his shit . 
get that ass to adis . . . Now ! 
just got my halloween costume . Hyper excited is an understatement . 
need to find halloween parties soon . I need to break this halloween costume in . 
is there anything going on tonight . I am royaly bored . 
so damn bored right now . What's goin on tonight ? 
so what's goin on today ? 
get to adis tonight ! You got me behind the bar . And dj havoc aka < PROPMALE > collins spinnin all night . Come out and support your boys and have a good time . 
halloween parties tonight ! Time to get it in . Remember . Tonight i hate everyone :) you've been forewarned . 
had a awesome saturday night . Good times . Good good times . 
If i had a world of my own . It would be a world of nonsense . Nothing would be what it is . Because everything would be what it isn't . 
come up to adis and get your grub on . We are now open during the day and i'm cookin and bartending today and thursday . I could use the company :) 
anything goin on tonight ? 
i can piss off a happy meal . . . So go take a flying leap of faith off a fuckin balcony before i shove a falcon wing up ya fly ass . 
new place friday . Love it when shit shapes up :) 
people need to come up to adis and eat or chill with me . I am bored . Very bored til people get here or til 7 . 
let's dance in style , let's dance for a while . Heaven can wait , we're only watchin the skies . . . Let us die young or let us live forever . We don't have the power but we never say never . 
whippin around in the short bus with dizzle and < PROPMALE > . Let's see where the night goes . 
pretty sure it's a pulled muscle in my back . Lame . Doesn't feel to great . Needs to go away . 
Que sera , sera . 
please tell me there is somethin goin on tonight . Me and < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > feel the need to clown hard tonight . 
definitely liking this snow 
great night at work . Six fights in one night . That's am official adis record . 
so what's going on today . I'm already bored . 
ha ha . According to 54 year old ladies i've got that model look . And i should be a model . 
da da da damn . What did i consume ? Somethin spinnin fast is it me or it's the room ? I bet you it's the room . Cause i < PROPMALE > do no drugs . 
is thinkin people need to get to adis to party with chrissie . 
loves a good nap in the middle of the day that contains dreams of the zombie apocalypse survival . 
i typed a text to this girl i used to see , sayin that i chose this cutie pie with whom i wanna be . And i apologize if this message gets you down . Then i cc : every girl that i see see round town . I hate to see ya'll sad but i'd rather see her smilin . Wetness all around me true , but i'm no island . 
bartending at adis tonight ! Come keep me company . 
swagger in place . Now let me get to it . I'm badder than ya n***a and the n***as next to him . I do me b***h what are you doin ? 
i wish i could live in the world of tron . So shiny . And pretty . Great date with my love . Dinner and movie . Yay ! 
so what's going on today ? I need somethin to do ? 
I was the underdog so please excuse me a bit . i need some space so someone make some room in this bitch ! Cause i'm in BEAST mode ! 
-lookin for the girl of my dreams , but i never sleep so i < PROPMALE > know who she is ? - lookin to be a boring night . who wants to help me change this ? 
I'll sing you a song , put ya name in it and everything . Bet you'll sing along . then walk away . i bet it'll be stuck in ya head all the way home . 
my money make money and my bitches get bitches . bring my chopper to the office let it handle all my business . i get baseball money , check my home run average . 
take a flyin leap of faith off a fuckin balcony , before i shove a falcon wing up ya fly ass 
bartendin from 3 p.m. to 2 a.m. , whose comin to visit me ? 
so what's going on today ? 
I see you with you poems and ya pads . but see me , i got the world in my hands . i make it spin on my finger . i'm a critical thinker . 
about to be dumb bored at work . text me . visit me . somethin lol . 
workin the bar at adis tonight . come get it in for my boy jac's birthday . 
You're a knife , sharp and deadly , and it's me , you've cut into . But I don't mind . In fact I like it . 
so what's is goin on today and tonight . i'm hyper and down to clown . 
hahahaha . suicide kings . greatest use of a toaster ever . EVER !!!! 
ok . there has to be somethin goin on tonight . get at me . 
dancing is the most amazing life < PROPMALE > . listen to music to escape your mind . dance to escape the world . 
new note up . it's just stuff that kinda came out . but i like it . 
I needs a good night out . 
The degree to which I am currently bored , is simply astounding . 
woo hoo ! short bus'n it up . no clue what may happen . 
and the short bus time is over . so what's goin on tonight ? 
hmmm . i've become inspired . inbox me a question and i will answer 100 percent truthfully in a status . no names used . lets see how it goes . 
Q : Why aren't we married ? \ 
A : cause i < PROPMALE > know you lol . nor do i plan on gettin married anytime soon . 
Q : Wut do YOU WANT me to ask you ?? \ 
A : that is somethin for you to decide . duhhhh . 
Q : Okayyyy , how much do you love me ?????!!!! \ 
A : uh duh . like something ridiculous 
Q : How much CSI do you watch and could you get away with murder ? \ 
A : I watch it pretty much everyday at work . and i could get away with murder long before i watched CSI . I wanted to go to school for forensic science . 
Q : What type of nasty things you wanna do to me ? \ 
A : i refuse to get your head hyped by saying anything . that is something you would certainly have to find out . but i do assure you it would be a wonderful time . 
Q : Is your ass bedazzled tonight ? \ 
A : hahahahaha . yes . yes it is . 
Q : Do you ever wonder what would have happened if you and I went through and started dating ?? \ 
A : honestly not really . had it been meant to happen it would have . I'm not one to dwell on the past . 
Q : wats the funniest memory u have of me n u ? \ 
A : hahahahaha . there are alot . one has to be . Whose here with you ? LJ's not . 
Q : favorite memory of us ? \ 
A : haha . drilling you in the throat with a pong ball . just kiddin . easily family movie night lol . 
Q : What does cooked bacon say ? \ 
A : yeah . you fail at tryin to be funny . the correct question is what do you call bacon in a skillet . and the answer would be MY NIGGA . 
Who wants to come visit me at work today ? 
tik , tock . gun shot . blauw ! bullet ! Bullet ! 
taking tricked out , excessively high speed power chairs on a cross country road trip . my dreams make me worry about myself lol . but come out with some awesome ideas . 
so what's goin on tonight ? I really wanna get out and do somethin . 
bored at work . Get at ya boy . 
you know the night can only get amazing when you start by drinkin so co then switch up to patron . 
It's so loud inside my head , with words that i should have said . As I drown with my regrets , I can't take back the words I never said . 
anyone wanna come kick it til i gotta work at 10 ? 
bored ! Anything goin on today ? 
