i spent the portion of the night between 11:45 and 12:11 up on our snow-covered roof taking advantage of our neighbor's fireworks . fun fun fun ! 

can't wait till she gets to VT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is tired . she never is not doing something . 
is going to get up early tomorrow 
< PROPFEMALE > spends way too much time on farm town 
blah blah blah blah ..... i have absolutely nothing to do . GRRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!!! at the world 
< PROPFEMALE > wishes that she could talk with the person that she has been trying to contact ever since she got to VT 
i'm going back to AK tomorrow 
la de da de da .... totally bored over here . 
is really tired . she wished that she could not dream ( or have a happy dream ) , and finally get a good nights sleep 
just got back from her day in girdwood . 
is tired , and doesn't want < PROPFEMALE > to go home 
is feeling really sad for no reason in particular . she can't wait for school to start . 
needs to get some more dinner 
my whole family has deserted me . i am home alone boo hoo ! * secret evil smile * 
i hate being lied to . it makes me feel really stupid , and gullible . stupid world ! 
i love staying up all night !!!!!!!!!!!! 
i need to get a < PROPMALE > accent by tomorrow . how i plan to go that , i don't know . 
is slightly hyper !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is at her dad's office . how boring . 
saw transformers today . it was really funny . i was laughing the whole time . 
i keep getting random lyrics stuck in my head . it is pretty interesting . tee < PROPFEMALE > :) 
just got back from camping out at < PROPFEMALE > lake . it was actually fun . 
doesn't want her day to start 
waiting for something to happen ..... 
i am so overwhelmed 
can't wait for the 19th 
it's my sister's B-day today ! 
i'm pretty tired right now . i need to start sleeping . 
school is tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AAAHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is tired 
i hurt . stupid fencing 
morning .... ugg 
wishes she hadn't woken up again 
back from school , yay ! i don't hurt as much today 
i hate it when you can't tell the difference between real life , dreams , books , and your imagination . i need more sleep . 
< PROPFEMALE > is feeling sort of strange , oddly contented , sort of at peace with the bothersome things in her life . 
i actually had a pretty good first day of classes ! 
school ... bleh 
i wish i could fly 
i love .... i love ...... what exactly do i love ? 
bleh , i feel like crap right now 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
bleh 
i wish that i could go to sleep 
* sigh * 
high school ... i had a biology test today . 
i'm tired 
history papers .... ugg 
< PROPFEMALE > is really freezing as per usual 
weekend !!!!! 
i really need a top hat ! 
i like mandarin oranges . they are yum 
i need to calm down , was just harassed by an \old\ " creepy person !!!!! and now i'll probably have nightmares . sigh " 
dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
stupid history paper ! ugg ! 
i'm seriously addicted to mandarin oranges . it is official . i'm on my 3rd can for the day . 
is painfully cold . at least i can find my pulse . i'm alive !!!! 
dance was hyper inducing and fun 
i'm getting my phone today !!! 
HALLOWEEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
there should be a music note as a key . seriously . what if people want to sing ? 
snow ...? sigh , snow . 
what is with the world lately ? 
i'm soooo tired . play , tabby , play , play , cast party . and of course school in there too . 
i'm high on sugar(candy + icecream ) i want to jump off of a building or out of a plane !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
my father honnestly thinks that tea and pickles is a good combination 
sickness ... it is a crime . missing the last day too . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS everyone !!!!! 
just talked on the phone with tabby for over 2 hours , wow , how time flies 
i just cleaned out my hairbrushes ... now i have a rubbish bin full of hair . 
tired , sore , happy , sad , angry , and everything else ... 
i has good news . i didn't break/crack my rib !!!! only bruised it like i originally thought . but it hurts , and i wasn't allowed to go to school today . so sad . 
orange . 
snow white ( as in the color , not the < PROPFEMALE > tale ) 
is hurting .... 
evening sky blue 
today doesn't like me , and i don't like today , we're on the same < PROPFEMALE > 
the toilet is screeching !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! for real 
is having difficulties :( 
school ... new classes ! new music ! happiness !!!! 
facebook , i've missed you ! did you miss me too ? 
in the mood for a good thunderstorm .... ' sigh of longing ' 
drinking ice with a bit of juice makes one rather cold - electric blanket time 
has ' imagining you ' stuck in her head ... for the third day in a row . thanks a lot < PROPFIRST > 
the hot water ran out in the middle of my shower . then , after about a minute it came back ! thank you hot water !!!! 
this is what i got brook : beautiful , honest , popular , poise , sensitive girl ; she is more than meets the eye . we saw an < PROPFEMALE > type the other day she was so stunning i think i like my name .... 
is not feeling very iris-ish right now . life isn't going anywhere exciting at the moment . i need a distraction . something that won't let me think about things that make me unhappy . 
chocolate is needed for happiness . that is why i am baking . 
wow ! 201 friends . how on earth does one accumulate so many acquaintances ? 
loves ballroom dancing more than a lot of things . the new ballroom dancing club was the best idea ever ! 
is procrastinating . 
feeling very alone .... 
today was a very sleepy day . i wish that i had time for a nice long nap , preferably curled up under a warm blanket , with happy music playing in the background . then i would be happy . 
has too much to do this weekend ! 
la de da ... or not . i don't like < PROPFIRST > at the moment . i don't want to do my rough draft . way too much writing to be done . and i am too tired and bleh to do anything . caffeine isn't a cure-all like it should be . 
freshly baked bread is delicious ! 
does anyone know what 25 for the crossword is ????? 
needs a hug ! 
i'm on my 5th < PROPFEMALE > ! ( not that anyone cares ) 
is free 
babysitting adoreable little boy 
just got given a lift by the police ! 
school is coming way too soon ! 
is tired , but satisfied with her day's work . ( learned that if she catches the end of a strip of paper on fire she can successfully eat it . so that means she is a fire eater ! ) 
ballroom dancing !!!!!!! i wish i had someone to dance with now , and that i was more awake . 
so tired . so much to do . bleh ! 
isn't allowed to go to school 
i'd like to be , under the sea , in an octopus's garden , with you ! 
grasshoppers = ick ! i'm sorry < PROPFEMALE > , i didn't mean it . 
i demand that tomorrow be a good day . please please please !!! i wish that were somehow possible . i think i need to get abducted by ... aliens ( or something equally amazing ) before sixth hour , and then returned in time for eighth hour . 
is grateful for the weekend , and happy that she gets five days till she has to finnish dissecting that poor little pig . 
the sky is blue today , and it is < PROPFEMALE > , warm , and happy . i approve !!!! spring may actually be here . 
finds rehearsal most enjoyable 
having a slightly f***ed up day . :) 
Evil standardized testing is over . * celebrates * 
my day was great , apart for the little bit that was 6th hour . but i have recovered . 
is tired , but glad that she got to see the master last night . it was worth it . muahahaha . :) 
going to go on a murder rampage 3 people are going to die . 
is excited for ballroom dance club today !!!!!! ( but is slightly mad at certain blokes who are busy , and can't go ... again ) 
evil plans are the best ! 
wishes the internet wasn't so much of a distraction . i have important things to do . 
wishes that her sister knew the meaning of the word ' respect ' and applied it to her behavior . 
wishes she had a pause button for life . i need a nap . 
Opening night was a success . now , let's just see about this coming opening night , and the next . 
is surprised hom many people one can be married to ( i love you all ) 
Is very happy that she decided to go to prom ! it was wonderful ( except for the music ) 
is going to take a shower and get all of the hairspray and crap out of her hair :) yay !!!! there were 100s of pins in my hair . gaaahhhh ! 
i am ' very mature for a 15 year old ... in many ways ' according to my mother . she was talking about this summer . I'M NOT 15 YET ! 
my finger hurts . i burned it while making a dinner that i haven't had the < PROPMALE > to eat yet . 
i can't decide whether you should live or die oh , you'll probably go to heaven please don't < PROPFEMALE > your head and cry . no wonder why my heart feels dead inside it's cold and hard and petrified . lock the doors and close the blinds , we're going for a ride !!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( i bloody love < PROPFIRST > simm ) 
\magical ponies fairies and carrots ... no . \ " ~ < PROPMALE > ( this is one of my favorite quotes ever !!! ) " 
finally got Skype to work properly . now i just need someone to test it with . 
i is not excited for tomorrow . not one bit . 
surprise surprise ! i lived , and i didn't cry . 
i would just like to thank the people who've made me happy today . I LOVE YOU !!!!!!! 
doesn't want to clean her room . it looks like very daunting task from here on my bed . 
my foot hurts . i have blisters on top of blisters on the ball of my right foot . not so good for tomorrow . i'll just grin and bear it . :D 
had an almost perfect friday ! again . fridays are starting to be my favorite . seriously ! 
LOVES < PROPFIRST > TENNANT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wishes that school hadn't ended ... 
tea is my favorite ever ! now i need to get off my lazy bum and go make myself a 4th pot :) i think i'll have some assam . that stuff is freaking delicious ! 
feels like a hippie today . fun times ! 
needs to do something , go somewhere , see real people , and get out of her house/surrounding area . summer isn't being nice to < PROPFEMALE > :( 
just got back from 3 day , 2 night backpacking trip . < PROPFEMALE > is tired and slightly sunburned ... 
life life life ... why aren't you interesting right now ? 
^ mental breakdown ^ 
if you \like\ " this status 
went sailing this evening ! 
i need to write . something to dispel these emotions of mine . they are creating problems and making me frustrated and unhappy . 
i is fifteen . how odd . 
how can a mere photo of someone , who i've never actually met , bring me close to tears ??? it shouldn't work like that . the world is being unusually cruel to me right now . :P 
< PROPFIRST > Tennant is a death eater !!!!!!!!!!!! 
watched the big bang , cried a bit , and them smiled a lot . i <3 you < PROPMALE > smith !!! 
I made tea for a man from wales ! And he liked it 
needs something clever to right ... blarg !!!!!!! 
odd dreams ... my life . where does one stop and the other begin ? 
has returned from a camping trip in the clouds ( literally ) 
why do i always compare with the really irritating characters in books ? seriously ! 
is freaking out , because she's going to be on a plane soon !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
at the airport ... ( yes i did have to update you on this ) 
in in new york , finally . it's really humid here . stifling . 
IT'S BLOODY HOT HERE !!!!! ( gaaa ... that took up too much energy , must go and lie down by fan ) 
is content :) 
busyness !!! there is so much to do , so many people to see , and everything to think about . 
GGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( life is tiring ) 
is in New York City . fun times :) 
desperately wanted to be taken away by < PROPMALE > smith last nigh . nothing came of it . i should have known . 
just got back from the < PROPMALE > Center . we saw South Pacific . it was a lovely , amazing , Fabulous , Awe-Inspiring , BEAUTIFUL show ! i adored it , and am so very glad that i was able to see it . 
< PROPFEMALE > is home . fun times ! 
oh life , you are silly . 
is feeing down . my life at the moment bothers me . :( 
' s school id is a really hideous yellow colour . how shall i survive ? i like green , polaris green . 
just lay there in the grass as the rain gently fell , on my face , arms , and clothes . i smiled , and thought \it's beautiful \"" 
is home from sailing a skipjack with her daddy . fun times , good weather , less wind than i would have liked though . 
Captain < PROPFIRST > Harkness is sleeping beauty . 
home from day with < PROPFEMALE > in town . fin tiems :) 
exchange student is here ! 
is upset and overwhelmed 
meh . is busy 
feels rather drained 
i love you ! thanks for everything you've done for me <3 
fairness soon :) 
fridays love me 
back from homecoming ... will have pictures soon ... it was interesting , and i wish i could have had several other people there with me . 
:P 
i have dined on dalek 
Selenium and Bromium !!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > and brom !!!!!!! it all fits !!!! i'm such a dork . relating the elements table to books . and remembering characters names .... wow ! 
i has me some taking over the world music ! thank you series 3 finale ! 
has supernatural !!!!!!!! finally ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > darling <3 i loves you 
DANCE ! < PROPFEMALE > got lots of hugs :) and saw her peoples :) happy fun times !!! 
just talked with a random guy from alabama . his southern accent ... hahaha . and since he was from this corporation thingy he didn't even know he was calling alaska . hahahaha .... 
had a crazy , wonderful , practically perfect day , if only it hadn't ended so soon :) 
my phone died ... and now i don't have most people's < PROPFIRST > . can you has help ???????? 
has suspicious neighbors ! 
8 inches 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . ) something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . ) The color you remind me of . 3 . ) My favorite memory with you . 4 . ) The animal you remind me of . 5 . ) Ask somethingi've always wondered about you . 6 . ) My favorite thing about ... you . 7 . ) Give you a nickname . 8 . ) Challenge you to repost this . 
is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
needs to do some doctor who watching ! 
is down 
should get up and make some delicious wonderful tea ! 
is dead ; or very very close ... 
tabby won't talk to me on the internet . oh no ! though i admit she is still at school .... 
likes talking on the phone with her people :D 
had a lovely night last night ! <3 
fresh cookies just out of the oven ! 
You can ask me ONE question . ( Only in my INBOX ) . I will answer and I'll be honest ( seriously , u can pretty much ask me ANYTHING ! ) (: I DARE you to put this as your status and see what kind of questions you get asked 
hates sunday-night homework ! 
happy pie day everyone !!!!! <3 
finally got her texting turned back on :) thank you mother <3 
< PROPFEMALE > 
the week is over with ! and i survived . so there life :P 
snape is colonel < PROPFIRST > ?????? wtf ! 
all right , i'll try the # thing out :) this shall be more entertaining than american expansion . 
94 . well now , i love you a great deal . i wish you were happier , and in a situation where everyday would be a special one , like last year . i need to see you so we can spend hours talking again . btw i love your letter writing skills . 
2 . i really would like to see you more often . i have enjoyed everything we've been involved in together , plays and dancing and such :) . thanks for finding me that one time when you were at chugiak <3 
too much studying is bad for your health !!! 
94.2 thanks for being one of the nice people i've met this year . our after-school tea times are deliciously delightful !!! we need to have another pancake party asap !!!! btw , < PROPFIRST > tennent is sexy ... and very distracting when one is studying :D 
1221 i wish i knew you better , and got to see you more often . you seem really interesting/cool/a good person to know . i'm glad i met you and talked with you at fall frolic ! btw what are your thoughts on this weekend's lockin ? 
has straight A's!!!! i was in shock ... this wasn't supposed to happen . i think my teachers decided to give me A's ... this makes no sense 
2010 is almost over ! [ INBOX ONLY ] confess or ASK me anything you always wanted to ask ! Put this as your status and see what people say . You might be surprised . btw , i'm going through this new honest phase , so you might as well take advantage . 
happy eclipse everyone ! just got back from a lovely night ski :) w/ my mom , sister , and our friend <3 
goodbye alaska ... i shall be leaving at approximately 2 o'clock . :D 
is home <3 :( . wish i could make up my mind about how i feel about this . ( btw pictures are soon to follow hawaii is so freaking beautiful ! ) 
ahahahaha < PROPFEMALE > has < PROPFEMALE > computer !!! mauahahahahaha ! >:) 
just trust me 
skiing is taking over my life , and my bedroom . i have ski holder thingies on my chair and ski clothes all over the floor , and i ski practically every day . :P 
1st person to like my status - I will have your last name for a week\ 
2nd person to like my status - can dare me to do one thing . ( That you would do)\ 
3rd person to like my status - I'll write I love you on your wall . \ 
4th person to like my status - I will answer any question .. \ 
5th person to like my status - I will marry you for a day . \ 
............... Put this as your status ... if your brave enough 
racing at 0 to -10 ( w/ windchill) = utterly insane 
snow <3 
just got back from Alyeska ! 
busy weekends are great , or would be if you were doing 100% fun stuffs , if not then ... :( 
watched The Young < PROPFEMALE > tonight with some lovely people :) 
i am going to commit murder tonight .... she can't do steal my things , and then lie about it , and then freak out when she is accused . WTF ! 
ski practice = fun times and lots of pudding :D <3 
clothing is happy-making :D 
grrrr chemistry .... 
i understand everything now ... oh gosh 
the \Beatles\ " concert was ORGASMIC !!!! " 
' s family is emersed in a chocolate fight . i should make fondue more often ... muahahaha >:) 
