Today is going to be a boring day . 

going to colorado ! 
went to registration this morning .. 
In the true spirit of summer , I've spent almost all day doing absolutely nothing =D 
well my hair turned out dark blue ... at least i have school spirit ... 
I know way too much about Pennsylvania now ... 
No me gusta colorear =( 
I am officially the biggest procrastinator on earth 
having 2 crazy labs in the house in very counterproductive .. 
just found out that I somehow ran a 23 minute 5k in 7th grade ... a little depressed now .. 
Hey guess what ? I'm Not going to see New < PROPFEMALE > in an hour and 7 minutes =) 
Happy National Hug a Cross Country Runner Day ! * hug * 
really random things pop into my head at 1 in the morning . 
Started off the new year by coming home to 8 drunk adults attempting to play guitar hero . Key word : \attempting\ " :D " 
Pensez-vous que l'hiver sera rude ? 
For some reason only the spanish channels are concerned about covering the tsunamis in hawaii .. 
phone is now dead 
the Authority Zero concert was awesome ! Especially two tone lizard kings =) 
\The moral of Snow White is never eat apples . \ " :D " 
\We're not stupid .. we know our names are Gred and Forge . \"- hp1 :D " 
\The ability to speak does not make you intelligent . \"- Qui-gon Jinn . May the Fourth be with you .. " 
Celebrated the end of AP week with how to train your dragon ... now for some much needed sleep :) 
is super excited for the new cross country season . I'm missing most of summer training though =( 
Woke up this morning for some reason thinking it's Easter ... 
DUDE ! I'm going to washington tomorrow :D 
went to the roller rink tonight ! and bruised my knees !! 
? ? ? ?? ? ? ? ?? ?? Ha thats pretty much all I know how to say :D 
maturity is overrated ;) \ 
and apparently so is studying for quizzes 
Toy story 3 was amazing ! 
contrary to common belief , playing < PROPFIRST > does not teach you chinese 
ughh I hate my life 
So ... Sierra and I are already planning out who we're going to dress up as for the hp7 premiere :D . I'm off to the library 
well that extra brutal hike used up my quota of lucky saves for the day ... so hopefully I won't fall out of bed now . 
well since I'm such a crowd follower ... SOE IS ALMOST OVER !!! ='( \ 
also , < PROPFIRST > and kirstina are counterproductive to studying 
5 mile run followed by 6 hours of sleep ... AGHH IT'S UNEVEN !!!!! D: 
Heading off to Tucson for the streetlight manifesto concert :D 
amazing night ! and < PROPFIRST > potthast is pretty much just hilarious 
I think I ruined both of my Miracle Fish :( 
I'm sorry to < PROPFIRST > and all my vegetarian friends ... but spam is officially the best food on earth . And yes , I am aware of what's in it . 
Apparently I need to work on my upper arm strength just in case Arizona has an epic flood and I happen to be trapped in a room with pipes hanging from the ceiling and an air vent is the only exit and my best friend isn't in a life-saving mood , I'll need to be able to do a pull-up . :D 
\While I was waiting ... I ate your lunch . \ " No idea why 
We're going to state !!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Thirty S Ribosome ... THIRTY S RIBOSOME !!!! gotta love those scientists from the 70s 
And so marks the end of my last and most amazingly awesome season . I'm going to miss my cross country team ! 
Okay , it's crunch time . \ 
\ 
No , seriously . I could really use a crunch bar . so tired .. 
Well , I didn't get the Flinn Scholarship ... but on the bright side , I don't have to feel obligated to stay in-state for college now . Now if only I knew how to break the news to Mr. Diller .. haha 
Well , I'm pretty bummed I missed the state of the union address , but at least I got to go to a nice family dinner courtesy of my sister . :) 
EFHS STUDENTS : Today is the LAST day to buy a yearbook ! There will not be extras ! Go to jostensyearbooks.com and buy yours now for $55 . Ordering closes at midnight so tell your friends who haven't bought a yearbook yet to hurry up and order !! 
Outdoor iceskating > indoor iceskating :-) 
is eating some monster mini-bagels :D 
Nothing beats rocking out at a streetlight concert :) 
The first rule of thermodynamics : You do not talk about thermodynamics . \ 
The second rule of thermodynamics : You do not talk about thermodynamics ! XD\ 
Hanging out with friends and eating some PI Day pie definitely made me feel better about MIT crushing my hopes and dreams lol 
So , tonight I learned in a slightly unusual manner that got into ... UC-Berkeley ! It will only cost me an arm , a leg , and my first-born to go there , but yeah , I'm stoked :) 
nom nom nom SLEEP . why the heck am I so tired ? 
