Welcome , my friends and family , those close and far , to this , the beginning of the new year . May the winds grace you all for the journey ahead of you , and bear you swiftly to your destination ... 

Greatest birthday ever , just got out of county this morning , bloody hell . Eh , no worries , live and let live ... 
Pleasecopy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have \ 
been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . Lets raise \ 
awareness . 
Thanks to Last Pride for sending me Dead Bull - 50% Energy Boost . I really like it ! http://bit.ly/9UvqO7 
What are you doing ? Come join us in this chat with 2 other people http://tinychat.com/bawww 
Remember , remember , the fifth of November , the gunpowder treason and plot . I see no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot . \ 
http://remember5.tk/ 
( POKE ) Me if you had or have a crush on me ... \ 
( LIKE ) This status if you think I'm a good friend ... \ 
( MESSAGE ) Me if you ever wanted to date me ... \ 
( COMMENT ) On this status if we ever had any good memories .. \ 
NOW IF YOUR BRAVE , YOU WILL POST THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT YOU GET . \ 
Stole the idea from < PROPFIRST > , if it works who cares if the idea was used before . \ 
InB4JewJokes-\ 
< PROPFEMALE > on . 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people won't copy and paste this because they've already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and ... the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post . 
Let's see how creative my FB friends are . Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the 3rd letter of your 1st name . It can only be 1 word . Then paste & copy this to your status , so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just leave a word & not copy . That's no fun ! OK , I played let's see if anyone else has nothing to do for a moment 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't repost this . Why ? Because they need a foot up there ass !!!! I know many !! 
Amazing how you click a link to see lulz and accept it to be an app , only to find out that without a credit card and a possible download you can't see a video that is most likely viral around the internet . Ignore that last post if you would , damn auto post app-whatever-kebab-thing-sunday snausage . 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people that need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 93% won't re-post this . Why ? Because they probably need a punch in the face . 
Don't know why . Sudden burst of energy , can't calm down . Adrenaline pumping , heart racing . Feel a slightly twisted joy , mixed with a contained rage , over what- I do not know . This is exhilarating . Was feeling down and depressed one moment then the next , this shock of energy overcomes me and I can't seem to contain myself , I need to do something . 
Log off your facebook Mr. Kyle !! Remember what happened to < PROPMALE > ?? :D 
Squirrel strikes again ! Bwahahaha ! 
Bwahahahaha ! Squirrel strikes again ! 
AND < PROPFEMALE > STRIKES !!!!!!!!!! BAHAHAHAHAHA 
