Groceries !! 

Hey Katlyn .. how is < PROPFEMALE > doing ?, Need any help let me know . Bisjue has had four puppies now and they are adorable . Hope all is well with MaMa . Luv MeMe 
I just remembered ... I can now officially drive again . Praise Jesus . 
I , m Baaack and on my way to MUSC Charleston , SC . Monday , Sept . 19th . And then again on Nov . 3 . Looks like surgery may be after Christmas . Hey I can handle it for a few more months . Anybody want to go to North < PROPFEMALE > !!??? 
Always try to be fair honest and kind !! 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called Him Master . Had no degree , yet they called Him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called Him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no ......... crime , yet they crucified Him . ... He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Repost if you believe this in your heart !! 
Sorry < PROPFIRST > I must have missed you . I thought you were logged off ! I got off to finish supper . Now I am off to the lab again . See ya this afternoon maybe . Love ya , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy Birthdy < PROPFEMALE > Jones !!! 
Copied from a friend's post ... Children with special needs only want what we all want - to be accepted . May I make a request to anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently . 
God bless you < PROPFEMALE > . My Prayers are with you . 
Happy Birthday Clemens Orth ! 
Half the harm that is done in this world is due to people who want to feel important . They don't mean to do harm -- but the harm does not interest them . Or they do not see it , or they justify it because they are absorbed in the endless struggle to think well of themselves . -- T . S . ELiot3 
Surgery , what else . Please be thinking about me . God Bless !! 
I believe in Jesus Christ and have accepted him as my personal Savior . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ... in the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my father at the gates of heaven ( < PROPFIRST > 10:33 ) . This is simple , if you love God and you are not afraid to show it , repost this 
Hey Sug ! ( Angie)You still look as pretty as ever . And aren't grands the most wonderful of God's Gifts .. other than our Lord and Savior ?? I am going to write a letter as soon as I can sit at the puter long enough . Give all my love to your family . BTW we have to go somewhere out there close to you and may get to come and visit . < PROPMALE > is checking out the maps . You are still in Springdale ? 
Oh Lord , our Lord , how majestic is Your name in all the earth !!!!! 
