this silly kitten keeps sticking his head in my mouth . MMMM SMELL THAT FETA , < PROPFEMALE > 

lost her phone . again . please send < PROPFIRST > . 
& *^%$_!* (^$ ! (_$& ! 
i lost my phone . AGAIN . i hate gerbils and the GD rock they live in . JAYZUS ! 
got a new celly . but it's not an iphone : ' ( 
is having homocidal ideations . 
really really hates flies . especially the kind that bite and swarm around as tho i were a bloated corpse when in fact i'm not . gross . 
likes to pee upstream . 
inherited a mini-garden . it's kinda janky but it's fun to water . is it too late to plant catnip ? 
thanks , ya'll , for the bday wishes ! xoxo 
well , well , look at me - being all productive , working on my thesis !! oh wait , now i'm on facebook .... 
Whoohooooooo !!! LAST DAY of getting up before 6 am !! it's like christmas , minus the presents . 
figures and tables , tables and figures . ugh 
ok so i just found out that a nurse i know , who works at a Dr. ' s office , has to pay $400 a month for health insurance ! HOLD ON WHAT ?! 
in case you didn't know , musinex and orange creme yogurt are really really gross coming back up the pipes . 
mmmm more ovaltine , please ! 
oh man I <3 Will Ferrell - ELF is the best xmas movie 
this morning i gave a talk to 4th graders about primates , science , rainforest wildlife , etc ., and man oh man those little guys are almost as cute as monkeys ! but with less hair and smaller teeth -- so I wasn't afraid of them at all . 
ugh my stomach hurts . I HATE MY GUTS 
where's some eggnog when you need it ? 
\Butchee know whut ? Ye cain't bake without butter ! \ " who IS this lady on food network ? i love her ! wish she was my neighbor or something " 
i bet sometimes god is embarassed to have friends like < PROPFIRST > robertson . 
EBURG PPLS : Anybody need snowtires for a little bitty car ? 
if i EVER finish this stupid thesis and receive a bound copy , I think I'll set it on fire . and do a dance around it . and roast some marshmellows over it . and then stomp the fire out . 
I'M DONE I'M DONE I'M DONE I'M DONE I'M DONE I'M DONE I'M DONE I'M DONE i'MDONE i'M DONE i'MDONE !!!!! I\M DOOOOOOOOOOONE ... except for paperwork " 
back in bama !! <3 Sun-drop , nectar of the gods . now where's some cornbread ... 
<3 me some cutco knives . i'd marry the spatula knife 
watching the movie Trouble the Water . wow . just wow . 
DAY 73 ! FUBP !!! man the footage is so sad 
going to lodo's in downtown < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > !! whoohoo 
TWO WEEKS before i move to TORONTO ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
soooo whats the big deal with gay marriage ?? don't understand why it makes people so mad ... 
thanks everyone that came out to see me last night and this afternoon !!! good times !! will miss everyone 
SOCLOSE 
so far ... canada sucks :( * bangs head on wall * 
things are lookin up . thanks , my people , for the words of support 
thanks , loves , doves , and dears for all the bday wishes ! xoxo 
happy international day of peace , jerks 
just had this crazy impulse to go for a jog , so i hurried and did it before i could change my mind . yayyy good job , me ! 
i've been jogging ~ 2miles almost daily for ~ 2weeks . by choice ... i'm a lil nervous this is an atypical symptom of a brain tumor . 
suspended my phone ' till i'm back in the states . so if you call or text my 509 # , i will accidentally completely ignore you . i'm a full-time google girl now 
instead of going grocery shopping , i took a nap . I dreamt i was at the grocery store and a monkey was loose in there and i saw it sneak to the deli and steal some ham . also , rasberries were $11 and strawberries were $8 and i was like well that's waaaay too high so instead i looked at fruity babyfood . also i lost my shoes in the store , and threw an avocado at the monkey . :/ weird . 
oh man i just interceded between my cat and a really really cute < PROPFEMALE > adorable mouse . WHAT DO I DO WITH IT ? 
can i run a shag-ish type rug thru the washing machine and dryer ? the back is rubber i think . 
O CANADA !! i love that the packs of reese's here come w/ 3 cups instead of a measly 2 . * swoon * 
saw a raccoon up close and personal late late last night . so THAT's who's been eating the bread i toss out the window 
what is WITH the mc hammer-style long-crotch pants ? i refuse to accept this as fashionable 
cracking open my last sun-drop :*( 
only 1 more week of classes before i head to bama for xmas YAYYYYYYYYY 
i am NOT going grocery shopping for the remaining 5 days here . if i have to live off yogurt , < PROPMALE > n cheese , marshmallows , peanut butter , and popcorn , BY GOD I'LL DO IT 
SNOW ! it's officially winter in toronto 
got all my crap broken down , packed up , put in storage , and ready to go - except for my mattress . WHO NEEDS A MAN ?! not me ( ow my hands are sore . stupid screws and metal parts ) 
i don't like the new facebook layout thingy . what i don't get on here for a week and now EVERYTHING IS DIFFERENT well f this s 
back in canada , back on facebook ! 
