im bored already 

to all from canfield : this is < PROPFIRST > Patman 
wooo hooo i get to go to work soon .. yuck 
so its about 2am-ish , im exhausted but cant sleep this blows ... whats up everybody ? im curious to see whats up with everyone i havent seen in years . hows life treating everyone ? 
I have been sick for days and couldnt keep my eyes open . now that i have to go back to work tonight it figures that i cant fall back asleep ! 
I'm not a player , I throw up alot ! 
if u dont laugh the first time watch the video again . if that doesnt tickle ur funny bone check ur pulse 
I do not know but I might be done 
So I've decided after one day back to work i am going to spring for new work shoes . Yay ! 
Im on a mission for Church's Chicken today ... 
I am going to take my dog to Red Rock today !!! 
Taking my dog to Red Rock park was such an awsome idea ! We had a blast and I wore Bohdi out .. which was funny since every time he runs out of the house it's impossible to catch him and it seems like he could run forever , but he stayed with me the whole time No leash no problem , I'm so proud of him . 
living in Vegas :) 
Lahina Grill with my girl < PROPFEMALE > !! 
im bartending tonight at BWW !!!! ahhhh i cant screw this up ! 
work was the shit tonight .. im exhausted and goin to bed 
< PROPFEMALE > ... 
when you let someone who lives in drama into your life you invite them to bring drama into your life . look around what kind of company do you keep ? 
lastnight i bought myself some skinny jeans and re-descovered i am a size 9 . i havent been a size 9 since highschool !!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSFyrrhKj1Q 
I dont know how much of this shit I can take ... 
farmVille is addictive and sooo stress relieving 
We now have an outter space ambassador , what is the world government planning , hiding .. what do they know ??? 
why the hell am i awake ????? i fucking went to bed 4 hours ago and then woke up 2 hours after that ! im gonna have another go at it 
There should be more people in the world that know how awsome I am ... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vM_10MzkX6k 
Thursday nights are boring 
October first !!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH .... My Birthday is coming !!!!!!!!!! did I mention I can't sleep ? 
I miss my dog .. the people I live with have 2 but hanging out with them isn't the same and it just makes me miss Bohdi more :( 
I still can't sleep 
i caught a lobster today 
I'm too tired to post pictures , I'll do it later or tomorrow 
I still cant believe I caught a lobster yesterday .. I named it Red Booty ( R&B for short)cuz he's kinda like my very own pirate tresure , i was going to try to keep him as a pet but i didn't have the right salt water to put him in so he died then i ate him .. 
i dont feel good , and it sucks feeling sick and having noone to take care of you 
I want to go home ... 
speeding ticket paid , rent almost paid and i am back to being broke 
i need a mandolin ... or i need to stop waking up to food network 
There is a certain feeling in the air . Autum is here and it brought that same mischevious excitment I wait for every year and still can't quite describe how incredibly alive it makes me feel . 
I just played black < PROPFIRST > for the first time and it was pretty cool 
No water on the one day I succeed in waking up early to get things done , I have no running water .. Thank God for good friends who dont mind me bringing my smelly laundry and even are down to help me fold . 
My head is spinning and I think too much , I cant take it . I'm going back to bed . 
fo < PROPFEMALE > d a < PROPFEMALE > opened pack of smokes < PROPFEMALE > der my bed ! Today is going to be a good day 
im goin to look at a house later today !!! yay 
Climbing into bed alone sucks but i know I have my family out there waiting for me , I will not fail . I will not let them down ... 
my Birthday is tomorow !!!!! Everyone is invited to < PROPFEMALE > , the sushi bar on < PROPMALE > and Rancho between 6 and 7 . 
Cheese cake for breakfast , sushi for dinner , today is gonna be a good day . Oh yea for anyone who doesnt already know its my BIRTHDAY BITCHZEZZZ !!!!!!!!! Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes , I hope to see you later at < PROPFEMALE > on < PROPMALE > and Rancho between 6 and 7 . 
If you cant make it hit me up when you're done working to see what else is going on , I'm just gonna wing it for then rest of the night so call me up to see whats happening . Dont puss out I want to see everybody tonight ! 
Much thanks to everyone who came out to < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!!! Anyone who couldnt make it becauses of circumstances out of their controle is excused . Y'all who just bitched out suck ... actually , I still love everyone , thanks again . Goodnight ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is really gettin into it 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uelHwf8o7_U 
ok im getting bored with this , its time to get tossed 
I just love how everyone knows my business without me having told them .. its great !! Im fucking trying to fix myself and get my shit together . Fucking leave me alone if you're not gonna help and keep my fuckiung name out your mouth . I'm under enough stress as it is , I don't need added stress from shit talking mother fuckers who act like they are my friend then bitch about me behind my back 
