Batteries . 

MTV WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO ME ? 
< PROPFEMALE > . 
Stupid jerk-baby . 
under the doormat . 
Whitecastle should have an amusement park . It's meant to be . 
UNFOLD AN ORIGAMI DEATH MASK ... 
6 days in a row . My summer is gone . : ( 
13 more hours to put in before it's all over . 
Oh fml , here we go again . 
Now your eyes ain't moving now , they just lay there in their cloud ... 
Oh my goodness , this should be good . 
run run run run rruun gypsy death and you . 
Can't get back in work/school mode . No thanks . 
EXHAUST PIPES . 
what the email . Please just work . 
Ugh ... 
Whoa . I think I may be tripping right now . 
Oh thank goodness ! 
Oh my .. sigh . 
Swine flu in the mods ! I can't wait until frats have complementary hand sanitizer ; ] , as if it's going to stop us from all getting it . Way too amused by this . < PROPFIRST > Bucknell ! 
GAH . 
No more facebook ! More work ! 
I can't concentrate when all this shit is going on . Not where I need to be . 
I love Tuesdays . : ] 
Who'd thought out of all our high school class , that would I of all be people would be going , and the only one doing so ?! Whatever , yay to be a baby owl ! 
Who'd have thought that out of all of our high school class , I of all people would be going Greek and the only one doing so ?! Whatever , happy to be a baby owl ! 
Bummed I can't go to make a T-shirt today . :( 
Made a t-shirt ! Ha , take that , overwhelming schedule ! 
I want to go shopping ! 
Ouch . 
Digestive , \I disagree . \"" 
Er hat Horstmayer in \Joyeux Noël\ " gespielt ! HA ! " 
Reading/work/essays : \Checkmate . \ " ... Oh man . " 
I'm having a mental breakdown about my riding . Along with that , I am a bit of an idiot . 
3 pages of writing yet to do about 50 pages of reading to do and I'm a snuffaluffagus . 
I really dislike Fridays . 
My diet now consists solely of vegetarian soups and sushi . Every night for dinner . Will it get old ? 
Oh happy day ! Thanks everybody ! 
Bellyachin ' . 
love love love love LABLOGOTHEQUE love love love love ... 
WTF . Why are french assignments due on SATURDAYS ?! 
Some joker in the Bison filled the soy sauce cups up with balsamic vinegar . BARF . Not pleased . 
? BIG ? 
:) 
Econ 103 , you are poop in E < PROPMALE > . Wednesday night exam ? Let's be fair . 
WHOLLYGGGGGGGGGG^n . Oh life , you are a doozy . 
? for X ? and ? for the fam ! Can't wait til Revelations ! 
? ABSOLUT ? I ? MY BIG ! ? MY G-BIG ! ? MY FAMILY ! ? MY SORORITY ! ? X ?! ? 
Seriously , French , you are ruining my life . 
Come on , Saturdays never want me to go out . Why ?! 
done . finally . 
needs to put that shit on ICE . 
Room reclamation , homework , the national ... COLOSSAL . 
Yo , facebook , quit bein ' screwy . 
I miss my ponies . 
I doubt that very much . 
Fall break , please hurry , you could not get here soon enough ! 
yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes . 
Go to leave for the gym and my iPod is completely out of battery . BUZZKILL . 
SPOILER ALERT !!!! 
neinoneinoneinoneinoneinoneinoneinoneinoneinoneinoneinon 
Need french help ! 
Who's heading to Beffert this weekend ?! 
BEFFERT HERR I COME ! 
M . A . R . I . A . N . A . 
Academia , you are overrated . I'll have my farm back now , thank you . 
I definitely have a fever , and I definitely have an 8 am exam tomorrow . :/ 
Freezing cold . 
I missed Where the Wild Things Are ! POOOOOOP . 
Who would like to go see Where the Wild Things Are with me ? 
Wants to go see Where the Wild Things Are ...?? 
It's official . :)) 
Has a fever over 102 and wants < PROPFIRST > to make her soup , too bad he's 3 hours away ... :( 
Insurance company , you make my life miserable . Go suck a peen and die . 
Econ , Help ! 
Cannot believe this . Totally floored . 
Procrastinating cramming for a test is a bad idea . 
i hate you urban outfitters 
Does anyone want to take a quick mall trip before the weekend ? 
' s Halloween plans have been ruined . :'( 
Chokin ' . 
Owwy . 
vie de merde 
nunnun 
What's going on outside ? 
I'm craving Thanksgiving fixin's so bad that I just googled pictures of stuffing and gravy . Don't know if I'm going to make it through this one . 
Green tea and Animal Collective's Campfire Songs cures morning headaches . 
I wish Ambulance LTD was still around in their original form , and then if they came to Bucknell . Yes . 
The Notwist . Can't Wait Until Tuesday . & hearts ; 
27 hours . 
Someday I will get to event as much as I want to . Just wish that was now . 
I'll be home by this time tomorrow : ) . 
Ugh . Tired , sick , and overwhelmed with schoolwork . What a way to spend a break . 
Yup , I'm a spaz . :) 
Going to the library to pump this paper out , you're welcome to join me if you like , I'll probably be upstairs in the couchy room . Yell at me if you see me on fb , I'd really appreciate it . 
I realize another reason I love sleep : Every time I do , I go on little vacation from thinking about this huge impending mountain of work I'm drowning . Ah . I miss sleep . 
Dear French , You are sincerely irritating in your elitism and ridiculous purist ideologies , while inconsistent in the practice of pronouncation , and you slur your own damn words ! That was just someone slobbering ! If you respect your language , then ENUNCIATE ! 
Homes are where beds are made and butter is added to toast . 
Beethoven's Piano Sonata No . 8 in C minor & andhearts ; feels like Christmas 
Beethoven's Piano Sonata No . 8 in C minor & hearts ; feels like Christmas to me . 
I hate being on-campus this time of year . 
I don't have a final until Monday , would anyone like to celebrate ? 
MST3K on hulu . 
Just ate made a huge thing of teriyaki veggie stir-fry and rice in my dorm room , and it was AMAZING . : ) 
3 down , one to go . I hope I get As for Christmas . 
Oh man , what a complete mess . 
SNOW DAYZ SLOW DAYZ 
Where is everyone ? I'm home alone with a pot of goulash big enough for about 8 people . Come over , or call me , whatever's more apropriate for you . :) 
The end of break is coming too soon . 
Where's my puppy ? :( 
So ready for the greenery and warm weather of spring . 
I'm not even back on campus yet and I already have assignments . HEAVENS TO < PROPMALE > . 
Why does college have to ruin everything interesting by making you write a scientific report about it ? Totally strips writing of its joy and creativity . Barf . 
WHY ARE THERE COLLEGE STUDENTS WITH BROADSWORDS OUTSIDE ? 
The sound of light rain and burning leaves is the same . 
Never thought I'd say this , but I miss feed little baby calves on days like this . Darn cute . 
rainy rainy rainy rainy rainy rainy 
I want a slice of bread so bad right now . :( 
Why do I always have to miss the fun parts ? :( I don't want to read ! 
put herself out there , now it's someone else's turn . 
super tired . 
+ apparently sick 
BRUISES 
room's becoming close to livable , thanks to the national . 
It's time to get my trumpet fixed . 
+BARISAX . I remember it like it was always fun :) 
Here it comes ! 
Come on , snow , do that voodoo . 
Anybody up for taking me back home for a music show ? Please ? 
14 hours+ 70 pages of reading + 22 pages of notes = no sleep + sub-par critique . 
r.i.p. < PROPFIRST > mcqueen :( 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > CHILD !! & hearts ; & hearts ; 
CALLOUSED HANDS RULE BABY HANDS DROOL . Who wants a BABYMAN ? Learn it and love it . 
come watch me a movie 
The one day beautiful flowers can't make anyone feel better . 
It moves slow like an exercise bike on an airport walkway ... 
OOOH . New music , unexpected events ... Good night :) 
A 1.5 -2 hour run probably isn't the best idea on the first day out , but this weather is incredible . Anyone game ? 
So going on an 8-mile run after three months of no runs was a bad idea . Who knew . 
holyholyholyholyholyholycowz 
MAIL IS BAACCK ! 
R.I.P. Morte , the pretty blue parakeet of my life . :'( 
I super hate writing these papers every night , especially when I have an exam to study for . Guh . 
This is absolutely nuts . 
Well I guess lightning has to strike the earth somewhere . 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! & hearts ; & hearts ; 
It's cool , and it will be kept that way . 
College is survival of those with the least to lose . 
What is the word for when things are listed according to importance/primacy ? I can't remember , help me . 
Slept from 1 pm to 8 am . Life is better :) . 
Boo , I know so many french speakers , and none of them are online when I have a question . BOO . 
Bucknell , you could simmer down a bit with the leave blowers , no ? It's an incessant irritation and I'm getting sick from the smell of all the fuel you're using from my fourth story cracked window . 
This is giving me a meltdown . In the end all they'll find is a trashed room , a broken pair of glasses in a murky puddle of unknown fluid . 
I must have the hottest room in the whole entirety of Kress Hall . Not in a good way . In a miserable , my brain is melting way . Please durn the damn heat off , it all floats into my room . 
Blogging Unrest : Creating Transnational Social Movement in the Wake of the ' Internet Revolution ' . Haha . 
Just finished the proposal ! It's House Party Weekend time .... See you all at the end of the other side 8 )))))))))))))))) 
Happy Easter !! 
Let's go home . 
Let's go home , yes ? Trails . 
What's the word for \pencil shavings\ " in French ? " 
Set up for a long week . 
Take the RA offer ? Or stay on the suite ? Life has stumped me . 
Boy oh Boy . Here we go . 
These walls are paper thin and everyone hears every little sound . 
Yay Relay for Life . Now I'm tired and I have a big day tomorrow :) . 
Oh gosh , now I'm all freaked out . 
I can't believe this . :( If you found my iPod ( along with my BUID inside it ) please give it back . I don't even understand why you'd want it , it's broken to the point that the screen's basically unreadable , so please please please please please give it back to me . 
Not having my BUID makes me not want to leave my building . AND IT SUKSS . 
Thank you , nice person !!!! :))) Going to retrieve my stuff now :) Happy day . 
{ ..................................................................... } 
Nonsensical & pretentious . 
Long walks < PROPFIRST > feet 
White night for Theories of International Relations . Hopefully this will be the last , but probably not . Caffeine drip , please . 
Why do certain professors have to ALWAYS be total bastards when you ask them a simple , unassuming , polite , innocent question ? And STILL not clarify anything , just condescends . 
Sore throat , fatigue and tonnage of work . 
Does the Bison sell Halls sorethroat/coughdrops ? I need some , bad . 
So sorry but the motorcade'll have to go around me this time . 
So it's now officially late , do I stop and take a break ? 
Pouring rain is an odd , non-summery way to end a semester . 
YEAH FLYERS !!!! 
I feel rainy , too . :( 
Riding the horses . Hashing out the preliminary specs for a tepee in the corner of one of the fields . Yes , a TEPEE ! :) 
& hearts ; Reunion & hearts ; 
Hulahooping in the basement since it's raining . :) 
Learning the same lesson every time . It's hard taking a person with a grain of salt when they're the one you've been trying to please all along . 
It's Monday , and I'm off . Good days for do-gooders the world over . 
BREAKIN ' THE LAW . BREAKIN ' THE LAW . 
Oh , Brudder ! He's coming home ! 
Beautiful , no t-t oo-hot day . Went for a run . Played guitar for the first time in six months , learned a pretty RAGC song . Next it'll be the Union Hotel for dinner and cake and ice cream for Teej's birthday . Not so shabby :) . 
party time party time party time party time party time party time 
I want a verb and you give me a noun , what do you dream up while I tongue you down ... 
Polar opposites don't push away , it's the same on the weekends as the rest of the days . 
Let's not try to figure out everything at once ... 
Home from work early . Let us chill . :) 
9 AM AND IT'S ALREADY TOO HOT TO < PROPFEMALE > ON . GUH . 
Gagtoona for the day . Curtain fabric , watches , old people shoes , bras , bathing suit , and colored sparkly tape turns a grocery list into a scavenger hunt . Wahoomama . 
Just realized that the reason the home answering machine and voicemail box both have been totally full all the time is because my daddy insisted on keeping every single message I've left since I started college two years ago . I & hearts ; my daddy . :))) 
Time for mouseplay :) . 
OHJEEZ . Not . your . grill . So get out already . 
Trying to finish those promised mixes , trying to sleep . 
Oh . Iron & Wine . I've let you get waaaay too < PROPFIRST > . 
Running , cleaning , packing . T-3 and it's back to the < PROPMALE > . Where you going , weirdo summer ? 
The ins and outs of some dude's chest , will only be a friend if he touches your breast . 
Bid my summer farewell appropriately , shopping and The Son-in-Law with d . SHOEMAKE . :) Au revoir . Hello college Dayz . 
Scary monster cold , please get outta my grill . 
Oh , days gone by . 
X ? ' s where you want to be & hearts ; 
AHHHHHHH ITTY BIDDY BABY OWLS !!!!!!! Woothoot ! 
I'm in love .... with X ?! Yay fun week ! 
Yellow Creek is < PROPFEMALE > purdy and cool . Yay home . :) . 
Birthday festivities are going awesomely and it's not even my birthday yet !!! & hearts ; :) 
The birthday weekend has been s t e l l a r thanks to all my family , friends , and sisters ! Yay 21st ! I'm feelin ' soooo . much . & hearts ; LOVE & hearts ; ! Unfortunately time for a festivity break so I can get some work done . ;) 
Thanks errrbody for all those birthday wishes ! Yes , my Saturday was lovely and all of Saturday evening was a marathon of epicness , it was obscene . And my birthday was mindblowningly awesome as well :) 
Yay ! So excited about my LITTLE ! 
Good plan , poor execution .. 
Stay up with me . Sleep is for weenies . 
Ran out of brains today . Uh oh . 
Must ... resist ... the urge ... to nap ... 
I like it on the windowsill where everyone can see . 
R . E . V . E . L . A . T . I . O . N . S !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yyyeeessssuuummmm 
Awkward billies is fly by me :) . 
YESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYES . yay . BAM ! I'm way too happy about this , it's obscene . 
I wasn't born of a whistle or milked from a thistle at twilight\ 
\ 
no , I was all horns and thorns , sprung out fully formed , knock-kneed and\ 
upright ... 
Nothing says welcome back to bedford county like putting your car in a ditch to avoid having a deer fly through your windshield . Sheesh , could I get home first ? 
Going to the movies with < PROPFIRST > and our mommies ! I & hearts ; my mommies ! 
Somebody come do something fun with me tomorrow , like the mid state trail or Raystown or just wander around the fields surrounding my house ? I will love you forever . :) 
Gah . 
Put this on your status if you are , know or love someone who is gay . Our wish is that people will understand being gay is not a disease or a choice . People who are gay are not looking for a cure , they are looking for ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this .... Will you make it ... your status for at least one hour ? Promote Love & Acceptance ! NOT HATE . 
Shfty , unclssy bstrd . YOU'RE A BEAT ADAGE AND NO CONTENT . 
Bomber . Ultimatum of the week : catch up or go home and don't come back . 
as freedom is a breakfastfood 
Trying to not get too naphappy . 
Thank you , Bucknell , for ensuring that although I will be missing House Party this spring , I will actually still have the opportunity to stumble across campus and Lewisburg epically blasted for several days of partypounce and zany antics . Even better , I'm strongly encouraged to wear an outrageous costume the entire time . I love you , < PROPFIRST > BUCKNELL . 
Dutytown , Vedder . Come visit , just control your body fluids , please . 
I'll be the waterwings that save you if you start downing in an open tab and your judgment's on the brink ..... ( thank you < PROPFIRST > old postal service ) 
Dear Microsoft , \ 
I understand your employees are mostly computer scientists and engineers , so English composition is probably not a strong-suit within your corporation . Hey , my guess is that a sizable portion of them don't even speak English . However , this is not an valid excuse for Word's deplorably shallow vocabulary . ' Trifecta , ' ' chasmal , ' and ' ahistorical ' don't need to be underlined in red . 
is dying a slow , painful , congested death . 
has been asleep about 3X amount of time as she's been awake in the last 3 days . 
I & hearts ; < PROPMALE > for its ridiculous expletives 
I've got dreams to remember ... 
Filling out my housing application for next semester , which is entirely in < PROPMALE > , shit just got one step higher on the ladder of real . 
Was going to get some writing done , but can't . stop . watching . Harry Potter teasers ... help 
You papercut the air above the tundra , when you came back in silence and sheets and the neighbors had called me up out of my sleep to watch you . 
caffeine drip would be nice right about now . 
I hate that I had to choose between the home-opener and Thanksgiving in the caf . Boo . 
fblackout for the next 48-72 hours . See you after 30some pages of writing in 5 different subjects , 3 different languages , 2 tests , thanksgiving in the caf , new drivers license , and formals . 
Productivity made possible by nonstop BEACH HOUSE & hearts ; 
< PROPFIRST > Akers , I'm pretty sure you're a demigod . 
Blue monster tastes a lot like shampoo . Just sayin ' . 
Eat , drink , be thankful . 
Waiting for the relief only sleep can bring . Hi , Kapital . fml 
Joke's on you , bicycle-thieving bastard ! 
Now ready to conquer finals after catching up with my long-lost and dearly missed hombrosa , Tanvi Bharathan ! About damn time . :) 
This is definitely the dorkiest thing I've ever admitted to in my life and probably will cement me as the the most intolerably nerdy person ever for the rest of it , but .... I kindof enjoy foreign language final exams . It's like a three hour long mad lib . For 5th graders . European ones . 
Dear IR 250 w/ Watson : You may have ruined my life last year , but I will admit one thing to your credit . Being able to make the statement , \Suck it 
To do(minate ): \ 
? -french final exam\ 
? - < PROPMALE > 204 final essay\ 
? -Sociology final essay\ 
? -History final essay\ 
- < PROPMALE > 399 final essay\ 
-the scattered remnants of what was already a tenuous grip on reality\ 
... only 5 pages of banter about cultural conflict now lie between me and my < PROPFEMALE > 
H.O.M.E. :) Unpacking all this junk , :( 
Operation reclamation , digging out the carrharts so I can survive the subzero windchill and catch me some lunar eclipsin ' . 
work christmas work < PROPFEMALE > work christmas work day work afterchristmas work 
Headin ' to Round Top .. 
made butterflied deer steak and acorn squash baked with a wild mushroom and cranberry stuffing for supper . Having a kitchen fully stocked with homegrown ingredients is reason 12301223 why break beats college in a split second . 
let's go sledding weeeee 
YES FINALLLYYYY 
I have the best advisor ever . Feel free to envy me at your convenience . 
Just spent 25 of the last 48 hours waiting tables in a crowded and severely understaffed restaurant . Clientele included one adorable deaf couple who communicated with me solely through hand gestures and exaggeratedly mouthed words , another table that insisted on speaking to me in < PROPMALE > upon learning that tidbit in the first thirty seconds throughout their entire stay , and lots of boisterous football fans . 
It's a good movie , but it's too scary for me to watch by myself 
yay weekend ! Let's go out , please ! 
sunset rubdown 
Can't sleep . Help . 
23 days in the USA 
spent the night in state college . Will be at Bucknell in a few hours ! 
Well , I guess I was warned . 
The Adventures of < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > of the Desert and I finally feel ready to start packing :) . 
um gunna barf 
I hate you all 
Being proactive . 
Just had the most delicious breakfast sandwich ever at the local Hamburger Bäckerei . I would've taken a picture of it but ... I nommed it all within a few minutes . 
Just sat in my hall's kitchen and spoke < PROPMALE > with 3 palestinians for the last 2 hours . Balla 
MEINE SCHLÜSSEL SIND ZURÜCKGEBRACHT ! :)))))) 
Feiern ? Gerne ;))))) 
Aufsatz zu schreiben , Partys zu machen ... so deutsch right now :} 
It's 5 minutes before 5 am here and I literally just walked in my door and sat down after a another night on the Reeperbahn . So deutsch right now ? < PROPFEMALE > , auf dem richtigen Weg . for sure ... 
so viel Arbeit , so wenig Schlaf 
going to london sometime in late may/early june . hollerrr 
' < PROPFIRST > 
I spent at least 13 hours inside you today , PEACE OUT ... smith center . 
So I guess I've technically been to St. Georg now . Entschuldigung , ich feiere gerne . what 
Take a look in the mirror , America : The US bombs Libyan forces because its government is violating the basic human rights of the protesters , meanwhile there are republicans back in the states trying to outlaw those same human rights through anti-union legislature . Who's the fascist regime now ? 
Off to Berlin for the rest of the week ! 
Back from Berlin and somehow I now have no electricity . Just in my room . Cool . 
