Happy New Year !! 

Heading to the Gator Bowl with my babe and the fam !! 
Not looking to good for the Wolverines .... poop . 
In Sweden and Im FREEZING !!! 
Just got back from the < PROPMALE > Palace in Sweden !! Flying to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow !! 
Cold & rainy in France ... Ready to see my baby and my puppies . 
< PROPFIRST > on Saturday !! I can't wait !! 
I absolutley despise flying ! Stuck in Amsterdam .. until tomorrow =( I miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
is gonna be an aunt =) 
its the weekend !! and im bored .... 
100% < PROPMALE > of snow tomorrow !! Im so excited !!! 
ready for some beach weather and a cold < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Jacksonville = & hearts ; 
Heading to Jacksonville & hearts ; 
i lost my droid =[ 
Just got back from Mexico Beach =) 
i miss spice girl days ....... 
It's a boy !!!! 
got me a kindle dx today ... i dont think i like it at all .... ): 
Spending time with the fam :) 
Happy Mothers day to all the moms ! 
Went to the movies and boo hooed like a baby . lol . 
Im so excited to be off tomorrow !! Mexico Beach day with my brothers =) 
Im on fire ! And I look like a lobster ..... Dang it 
I really want some Wingo's .. Yummm 
Cherishing the last few weekends I get to spend in PC .... I will so not miss it =) 
Finally get to come to PC to work tomorrow ... sooo excited !! I miss my stinky people =) 
really wants to go back to Europe !! 
Congrats RHS class of 2010 !! 
SOOOO glad tomorrow is Friday !! back to pc tomorrow =) yea !! 
Finally off ! This week has been awful ... might go have a beverage tonight and possibly dancing ?? 
beach day & hearts ; !! 
really wants to do something tonight . any ideas ?? 
Shopping ! 
Really doesn't want to go home ... ugh . 
On my way back home ... blah :'( 
Back to PC tomorrow !! I love my job ... ;) 
It's Friday !! Back to PC . Gonna enjoy the beach probably for the last time .... 
Well looks like the oil beat us to the beach . Shame on you BP . 
I can't believe the weekend is almost over ... Pier park tomorrow :) 
Spent way to much $ today ... I love shopping tho :) 
Blah .. I hate Monday . 
Why all of a sudden am I wide awake when I just got in the bed and could barely keep my eyes open ? Ugh .. 
is getting excited !! I think someone wants to buy my house !!! yea !!!! =) 
just found out ill be traveling for the next 2 weeks ... oh what fun .. more airplanes .. 
I really really hate laundry and liars too ..... 
dothan tonight . pc tomorrow . ohio sunday . oh how i love to travel ... =] 
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things . \ 
The saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions : could have , might have , and should have . 
Happy Fathers day ! I miss you and love you daddy .. rip 
Really likes the new airport .... Heading to Atlanta then on to Ohio ... yay ! Amish country here I come ! 
Made it to Ohio .. and I already miss Florida and my puppies :( 
1 day down 4 to go . Come on Friday .. I miss you :) 
2 more days and ill be home !! Oh how I miss my own bed ... 
< PROPFEMALE > it recently became apparent to me that the letters ' T ' and ' G ' are far too close together on a keyboard . This is why I'll never be ending an e-mail with the phrase \Regards\ " ever again . " 
Is getting so excited ! Waiting for the plane to take me home !! 
Made it to Atlanta .. feeling sick ... ugh 
I'm in Florida !! 
Wonders why I was so excited to come home .... fml 
Spending the day with my sis =) Jacksonville tomorrow & hearts ; 
Headed to jacksonville .... in a ant infested rental car .. yay ! Great way to start out the week ! 
I love love love Jacksonville , but I miss my puppies ! I'm so ready to come home !! 
Heading home from Jacksonville ! 
So glad we have a 3 day weekend :) 
Going to watch eclipse !! 
Can't wait for Friday . Feeling blah today .. 
Friday , oh how I love you dearly ... 
Feeling some changes coming soon .... 
Courage is not the absence of fear , but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear . 
Heading to PC ! & hearts ; 
My Droid has gone crazy and decided to call all my Facebook friends .. so sorry if I called you and < PROPMALE > up ! 
Hello weekend ! I've missed you terribly ! 
Is numb 
Why do I have such bad allergies ? It's really sad I don't even want to do anything but sleep on a Friday night ... 
Heading to the great state of Michigan tomorrow ! Not looking forward to the 18 hr drive :( 
Is loving this Michigan weather ! 77 degrees with a nice breeze :) 
Super happy . Loving Michigan :) 
Heading to Cedar Point ! 
Absolutely loved Cedar Point ! Definitely beats Disney . Lol . We are exhausted tho . Heading home in the morning ! I miss you Florida ! 
Heading to Maddox's baby shower ! I can't wait for him to get here !! 
Just spent wayyy wayyy wayy to much money today ! I did gain a new 46\ LED TV tho =] I love it !!! " 
Is so glad it's Friday !! 
Having a great night ! Mellow Mushroom & The Last Exorcism =] 
Is so glad its football season :) 
had a great weekend !! 4 wheelin , fishing , snorkeling , & destin-wish it didnt have to end so soon .... 
Baby time :) 
Maddox is on his way ! We can't wait to meet him !! 
Maddox is here !! 
7 lbs 7 oz 20 inches long he is so purdy :) 
So excited to watch some football !! 
Spending time with the fam this weekend =) It's amazing how something so small and innocent can bring so much love and happiness to us . I & hearts ; Maddox ! 
Smashed the screen on my Droid in to a million peices ... :'( 
Really dislikes homework on a Saturday night . booooo ! 
Will be staying and working in PC for the next 3 months \ 
:) 
Is loving it in PC . Sitting on the porch spending time with the family :) 
Going to see Easy A ! Has anyone seen it ? 
is absolutely miserable .... 
Touchdown Alabama !! 
I like it on the kitchen counter !! 
Lets go Noles !!!! 
All right Florida State ! I finally get to wear my shirt tomorrow !! yay !! 
Having a great time at the Seafood Festival ! Can't wait for Lynyrd Skynyrd ! 
Free Bird :) 
Just saved a turtle and almost got ran over my self .. 
Is not ready to be 24 .. why can't I just stay 23 forever !? 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! This has been a great day with the people I love ! Thank you again everyone ! 
Finally finished with homework !! With 2 hours to spare !! Now ... I hear my bed calling me .. =) 
Heading to the Haunted Corn Maze !!! Kinda scared ..... 
Happy Halloween !! Hope everyone gets lots of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Watching The Walking Dead :) 
Eating at firefly :) yum 
FRIDAY !! Oh how I have missed you ! Florida State game tomorrow with my hunny :) Praying for a win ! 
Not good Noles ... not good 
Is not looking forward to class tonight ... 
It's Friday !! It's Friday !! It's Friday !! So excited for tonight & hearts ; 
Really doesn't like when people take advantage of the ones I love . if you hurt him again I will hurt you . That's a promise . 
Can I just start today back over ?! 
Had a really great weekend with my hunny and the fam ! Not looking forward to Monday though ..... 
Is loving this weather ! School .... not so much . 
Finally got to start my vacation today !! YAY !! Looking for houses =) 
God is GOOD !! I'm so thankful for everything he has done for me !! 
Happy Turkey Day ! I am so thankful for my amazing family and my most awesomest boyfriend ! Can't wait to stuff my face !! 
I don't like this black Friday crap . 
Let's go Noles ! 
My Noles are impressing me ! Wishing I was there ! 
TOUCHDOWN FSU ! 
How bout them Noles !! Having some gator for supper ! Yummmm ! 
Not liking this weather ! Florida is not suppose to be like this ! 
Didn't realize this show Bama Belles is so close to home ... 
In Jacksonville house hunting for my momma :) 
Soooo HAPPY ! No work for 5 days !! Oh and Christmas of course :] 
Hunting with the boyfriend & hearts ; I'm hoping my < PROPMALE > comes out =]] 
Congratulations to Coty & Jenn !!! They just got engaged !!!! I love you both so much !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! Hope you all have a spiffy day !! 
Nasty weather !! Yuck !! 
The Sound of Music makes me smile =]] 
Really needs to find a house back in PC but there is nothing i like out there .. =/ 
True Blood = & hearts ; 
Jacksonville bound with my babe ! Gator Bowl tomorrow ! Let's go Michigan ! :) 
Just offered on a house ! Cross your fingers they accept ! 
Love me some college football :) War Eagle ! 
Just ripped my fingernail off with the Wii remote .... GO ME ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Crab Shack Jacksonville Beach = & hearts ; 
House hunting tomorrow !! Wish me luck ! 
Just threw up in my mouth a little .... 
Offered on another house ! Maybe 2nd time is a charm for me :) 
When it rains it pours ..... Can't wait for Friday to get here .. 
My windshield wipers move my entire car . It makes me laugh =] 
It's FRIDAY !!! Thank you Jesus !! 
Found a house !! Offer accepted now the not so fun part ! 
Lazy day . Watching movies with my puppies :) 
Eclipse with my babe :) 
