Let's see how many people on FB aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior ... We need to get God back in < PROPFEMALE > ... If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status . As you can see , I am not ashamed . I too believe it should be done ! 16 hours ago 

ya know I just love all my friends and family even friends i havent seen in 20 years 
Summer Merritt I love you and the grandbabies 
what does today hold in store ??? 
This year really sucks .... I really hate december !!! My hubby was given at the most 6 monthsto live ... My son is in Iraq ..... My daughter (<PROPFIRST>' wife ) and grandbabies are in hawaii .... i feel so fucking lost ... 
white 
its cold in wyoming 
still in wyoming and looooove it ! 
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth , then copy and paste this , and let's give our kids the recognition they need and deserve . I am proud of my children and I thank God for them every day !!! i already do 
will be back home soon !! 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . ? So love the people who treat you right . ? Forget about the ones who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . ~ Post this to your wall if you agree . ~ 
be back home today !!!!! 
I am back home a month in Wyoming .... Really glad to be home !!!!! 
Look back and thank God . Look forward and trust God . Look around and serve God . Look within and find God ! God closes doors no man can open and God opens doors no man can close . If you need God to open some doors for you ... Repost and if you don't need God to open some doors for you , just ignore this 
If you have a best friend , who will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin , still love you when you mess up , and still loves you for all your faults , then copy and paste this to your status ... 
my chat is not working son 
oh there it goes 
Goodmorning everyone .... I sure hope everyone has a wonderful day !! ; ) 
Why are your kids so stupid at times ??? why why why ???? 
The color of your bra made the news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!!! This should appear in everyone's status ! Please do this for the ones that make this the Land of Free and ... the Home of the brave ..... 
How many of you aren't embarrased to say that Jesus Is Your Saviour ? If your not embarrased post this on your profile . Im not embarrased . JESUS IS MY SAVIOR !!!!!! 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ..... WASCO 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . \ Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself !! I LOVE MY CHILDREN ? ? ? " 
In memory of a 19 yr . old < PROPFEMALE > buried today , and countless others who have given this country their lives !! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this ... in memory of all fallen soldiers 
I hope everyone has a great day !!! 
So whats really going on ?? 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? ~ 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new , I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part ....... God has you in his arms , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have someone in Heaven . 
STILL THE MOMMA !!! 
3.5 hrs my zoo has been loading my babies are going to die ... what do i do ?? 
Today is going to be a great day .. Dont let anyone tell you different !! 
well im off to do my yard ... love a < PROPFEMALE > day with yard work .... aah ... relaxing 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE\ 
UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS ONE\ 
NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . \ 
NOW ... LETS SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL REPOST THIS OUT OF RESPECT FOR\ 
OUR COUNTRY ... AND OUR VETERANS ON THIS MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND . FALLEN BUT\ 
... NEVER FORGOTTEN . 
my babyboy is on his way home after 1 year in iraq !!! im so HAPPY ; ) 
There comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Repost if you agree , I just did .... ~?~ 
Happy 4th everyone . This is Independence Day .. LET FREEDOM RING !!! 
Hey friends if anyone is interested in supporting a soldier just returning from Iraq , my son < PROPFIRST > returns to Bakersfield tonight at 11:22 p.m. at meadows field airport and it would be greatly appreciated if you would or could come out and give him the kind of welcome home he deserves . Even if you dont support the war support the troops , I do . So come out and help give him a great big Bakersfield WELCOME HOME . 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . ? So love the people who treat you right . ? Forget about the ones who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . 
just got 330 Farm Cash for FREE ! \ 
>> http://bit.ly/FarmVilleCashFree 
I REALLY REALLY HATE 2 faced , shit starting , LYING , mother fucken bitches !!! \ 
THEY KNOW WHO THEY ARE !! DONT YOU 
anyways 
Almost to wasco .. yuck !!! On the good side though i get to see my long time bff who i haven't seen in forever and the best part about 2day is its just me and my son .. 
It's a sad sad day today my son is gone again 
We\ 
have children going to bed without eating ... Elderly going without \ 
needed medicines ... Mentally ill without treatment ... Troops without \ 
proper equipment ... Yet we donate millions to other countries before \ 
helping our own first ... 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to\ 
... copy and repost this !!!! See More 
ddy needs a needs a home animal control is going to put him down 
i mean < PROPMALE > 
somebody have a heart help this dog 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Cunningham for sending me Wingsssss . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/fairies-and-a-bfchae/home?tv3=mKrRaGQbEeKRwSuHKz%2FEhy6Bh0igbhKybqfW3OkniQ%3D%3D 
See who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your ... status . I'll .. be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > .. family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life ? 
Write a comment ... 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are ... 
I just want to thank all my friends and family for the bithday wishes , gifts , and the great day in general , thanks < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > it was a wonderful party .. I love you all so much . 
A\ 
person has 1000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . I \ 
know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my\ 
friends 
5 DEADLY TERMS USED BY A WOMAN . 1 . FINE .. this is the word women use to end an arguement when they know they are RIGHT and YOU need to SHUT UP . 2 . NOTHING .. means SOMETHING and u need to be WARY . 3 . GO AHEAD ... this is a dare , not permission , DO NOT DO IT . 4 . WHATEVER ... is a woman's way of saying F**K YOU . 5 . THAT'S OK ... she is thinking long and hard on HOW and WHEN you will pay for your mistake . Re-post if u agree 
