Hey everyone , check out < PROPFIRST > W Fuerst , that's my brother , he has a novel coming out on July 7th . 

When you want to spend time by yourself and there is too many people around , what do you do ? 
i just found a new one for one of m dogs . I think he will be happy , but I am sad 
It was hot today , but my daughter and I did some window shopping , got an italian ice and went in the pool . It was a nice way to cool off . 
I can't sleep , haven't been able to recently . my friend brought over a tea that's supposed to help . It's not helping 
' To get something you never had , you have to do something you never did . ' When God takes something from your grasp , He's not punishing you , but merely opening your hands to receive something better . Concentrate on this sentence ... “The will of God will never take you where the Grace of God will not protect you . ” 
May there be peace within . May you not forget the infinite possibilities that are born of faith in yourself and others . May you use the gifts that you have received , and pass on the love that has been given to you . May you be content with yourself just the way you are . Let this knowledge settle into your bones , and allow your soul the freedom to sing , dance , praise and love . 
Yeah ! Today is moving Day ! I won't be on for a few days . 
Went and saw the Power team for the third night in a row , it was so AWESOME ! 
Have a Safe and Happy Halloween ! 
Step out of Fear and into Joyful Abundance 
everywhere and messy 
Today's game ..... MIDDLE NAME ONLY . Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' middle names are . Copy and paste this onto your profile then put your middle name at the end of this sentence . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
You will find favour with someone you don't expect . ( 2 ) You will be too relevant to be ignored(3 ) You will encounter GOD and will never remain the same(4 ) The grace for completion will come on you , you shall be blessed till the blessed call you blessed , ( 5 ) The hand that will send this message to others shall not labour in vain , Amen ( 6 ) The mouth saying '' Amen '' to this prayer shall laugh forever , Amen ... 
anyone that plays farmville , please send me stuff for my horse barn , I still need everything . thank you 
For my horse barn in Farmville , i don't need any more wood boards , but I still need everything else . thank you 
I still need 5 harnesses for my horse barn in farmville . could someone please send me some ? Thank you 
I need 3 more harnesses for my horse barn in Farmville 
I still need 2 harnesses for my horse barn in Farmville , can anyone sent me one ? Thank you 
Thank you all for helping me finish my horse barn ! 
I need 6 more people to help with my barn raising , please help . thank you 
Going to See \Alice in Wonderland\ " today " 
Thank you everyone for all your Wonderful Birthday wishes ! 
Happy Easter ! 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . A house , she will give you a home . Groceries she will give you a meal . Give her a smile , she will give you her heart . She mulitiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit . Post it on your wall if you agree , hope to see every Woman repost it . 
To non-pet owners who visit and like to complain about pets : 1 . They live here . You don't . 2 . If you don't want their fur on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' fur'-niture . 3 . I like my pets alot better than I like most people . 4 . To you , they are ... animals , To ...... me , they are young'uns who are short , hairy , walk on all fours and don't speak clearly . Copy & Post if you ? your pet ! 
I'm building a storage shed in Frontierville , but my < PROPFEMALE > won't load right so I can't send requests . Please send me anything to help finish my storage shed . Thank you 
I am trying to build a storage shed in Frontierville , but the < PROPFEMALE > won't load right , so I can't send out any requests . I would appreciate it , if anyone could send me some mallots , pegs , or cement . thank you 
If your family has been touched and tormented by cancer , today is World Cancer \ 
Day - I'd appreciate it if you would post this request ( 93% won't \ 
re-post it ) . A small request . Just one line : \Dear God 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Prantner for sending me Thinking . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/adopt-a-wolf-dfafab/home?url=&tv3=mK%2FSamceFOeSxTWCKSrAhyuGk025bhm%2BbKs%3D 
I like it on a chair 
They say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that ...... life is busy but you will ALWAY ... S love them .. Re-post if you have@ least 1 of these friends . You know who you are ? 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone , hope everyone has a Blessed day 
Keep this going ! Heavenly Father , walk through my home and take away all worries and any illnesses and please watch over and heal my family and friends in Jesus name . Amen . This prayer is so powerful . Stop what ... you're doing and set this to your status . Watch what He'll do 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas y'all! 
does anyone know how to delete bookmarked games ? 
Everyone , Thank you so much for all the Birthday wishes ! 
