Working on an intellectual property -- thought would take only 1 week . It has been 2+ week now . :-( 

is going to LA today and will be back on Tuesday . 
waiting to meet my friend , < PROPFEMALE > , and the kids , in D.C. Westin , near the capital . 
I am almost a free man now ! Starting from tomorrow , I will work from home . :-) 
First day working from home !!! 
I had a car accident yesterday !!! It wasn't very bad but certainly not minor . If anybody in MN knows of any good and reasonably priced mechanics ? But if the cost to fix is too high -- it is probably make more sense to buy another one . I try to limit my expenses -- due to starting my own business now . If you know someone who is selling their car , please let me know too . Thank you very much ! 
Entrepreneurial road is truly very interesting -- lots to learn , some maybe so trivial but very insightful . Lots of that have to do with survival . Lots of continued development in emotional maturity too ! 
I am so tired -- with my business -- tons of works to do for one person ! Give some moral support , please ! 
Panot Prakobkul , Happy New Year . I just talked to your sister , on the phone . See you this year probably in June or July . \ 
\ 
Taew Panita , good talking to you on the phone na < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you for your invitation to < PROPFEMALE > too . Likewise , if you ever curious about the white winter or nice summer in Minnesota , you are more than welcome to come and stay at my house anytime na < PROPFEMALE > . 
Does anybody have problem with Facebook , particularly with Firefox ? It has been slow for me for few weeks . It take a long time to load another < PROPFEMALE > . It seems faster with Internet Explorer . Any suggestion ? I don't know if I have any plugins that cause this . 
Does any one have a problem accessing inbox , \Oops ! Something went wrong . We're working on getting this fixed as soon as we can . You may be able to try again . \ " ? I can't access to the mails in my inbox . Help ! " 
I miss home -- Thailand ! 
Finally , leaving for Thailand on March 16th , returning on April 14th . :-) 
Leaving tomorrow for Thailand !!! 
Done packing and cleaning my off ( the entire house actually -- b/c my stuff were all over the place ) last night at 2 am . Now ready to go !!! 
Landed safely in BKK . 
just woke up in Thailand !!! Not to hot , but very humid . let's see if I survive the first hot day . :-) But good to be home , nonetheless !!! 
Day three back home . The heat is killing me . I still need to get used to being around my family again . :-( 
Going to Udon Thani tonight , will be back in Bangkok on Saturday morning 
Tonight is my last night with my family . I already feel homesick ! 
I am back in Minnesota . I am amazed how much I am missing the heat and humidity there . I thought it was so nice to be around family , particularly to be with my father . My best moment is when I accompanied him to the hospital for his check up . But now , I feel a lot nicer about the time with my family . 
second day after returning from home , homesick is worse . 
I was away for a month . Now I feel I have to actively get familiar with life here again . How come my memory is so easily replaceable ? 
It is OK that we don't want to listen to opposite thoughts , but it is not OK , particularly for democracy , if we do NOT listen . 
I think if the new balance point for Thai society ( if exists ) has to be more fair . The voices from rural areas of the country must be heard more , not only by the government , but also by middle class . 
can't focus on my work !!! so stressful 
just submitted the business plan for the final round -- heading out to the farm , no internet for the weekend . ha ha ha :-) 
The problem in Thailand has been deeply rooted for a long time . Thaksin didn't create this problem , he just aggravated the already-existing problem . So even the situation may get better , but it will be only temporary calmness . 
\ ????????????????? ????????? ????????? ???????????????????????? ??????????????????????????? ????????????????! ????????????? ???????????? ??????????????????? ??????????????? (???) ???????? ??????????????????? \ " - ( ????????? ?????????? ) " 
A little action I could do for the moment is to get people to think and have dialog ( not just think on your own and only talk to someone who already agree with you ) . It is important for democracy that we cultivate diversity and encourage all side of thoughts to speak out for their opinion to be objectively considered and implemented if appropriate . 
While I know that the current disorder in Bangkok is so overwhelming , I think , regardless of the success to contain or disperse the demonstration , it is equally important to discuss about what would be next after the coming election -- even it could be at the normal schedule , a year+ out from now . 
An assumption of a universal truth is certainly invalid and very undemocratic . We must open for respectful different opinions , even for a very sensitive issue to us personally . 
Just have a thought ! With the current situation in Thailand , many people expressed their discontentment for the out of law and order in Thailand . I felt the same . But a thought just hit me ... 
I think these so-called effort to protect the < PROPMALE > is like adding water to a river and claim to help the river flow . It just doesn't add any true value . There is plenty of water in the river already , that effort is so insignificant . It is just an emotional outbreak , lack of intellectual investment . On the other hands , it just deepens the conflict and devision in our country . 
If I had the power to stop all this confusion in Bangkok or Thailand , I would still let this go on . 
Does anyone see the similarity of people reaction between the Thai conflict now and the US economy downfall in 2008-09 ? I mean the voice of [ poor or middle class ] people again the upper income ? 
What can we do ? 
It always have to start from ourselves . How can we be less materialism ... following the < PROPMALE>'s sufficient economy ? Are there anything we do that are already good , but can be better to help our country , our community ? This is not sarcasm . I truly ask this question for myself . Hopefully it leads to a good constructive brainstorm . 
Sad ........ some of you might know I was competing in a business plan contest ( a real one , not for school projec t--t he grand prize is $50K ) . Well , I was in the top 8% , 20 of 300+ , but didn't pass to the final round . Well the game is back on ... I am back on the fighting stage again ! 
Just finished reading 330 patents ... my head is exploding ... I am going to swim . 
Caution on patient privacy and \ 
confidentiality 
??????? after touched ???? was so painful ... I just learnt about this . 
Another lost .... and rejection .... This is just a beginning ! 
What is about \????????\"?" 
An interesting observations :\ 
It is not quite true that people stop helping each other when we turn on the survival mode or when resources are limited . 
Just finished working on a 20-page meeting document for Gate Review meeting this Friday .... Feel a lot better ! But still have to prepare for the presentation ! 
Why do I feel so isolated ? Am I ? 
Avisory gate review meeting in 30 minutes , \go\ " or \ " no go\ " discussion today . " 
Looking at lots of pictures from my secondary school reunion . It was impressive . Wish I were there . Can't recall who started the idea or how the idea started , but want to give two thumbs up for the organizers . 
at my lowest performance today . :-( 
my father ( 75 years old engineer ) refuses to use internet or email or skype . I wonder if iPad would make him feel better to use internet ? Thoughts or experience ? iPad with pre-internet seniors . \ 
Does iPad has Thai keys ? 
Done for break ... go shovel snow again !!! 
How are you krub , P' ???? Long time no see , but I heard about you from Hneng , Somyot . Where are you krub ? 
Just finished my research strategy ... surprisingly and amazingly frustrating !!! 
Tamon Cha , Ning is here krub . 
