In north east for the weekend 

In North East need something to do .... call or text 2169257856 
Watching a odd movie 
SECRET LIFE SHORTLY ..... THEN PUTTING DOWN MY BUBBIES !!!! 
So Tired but can't sleep !!! 
So bored can't wait to come back to PA ...... 1 more day !! 
Finally Home .... Trying to get the little man to bed and its not working in my favor !! 
tired ......... alot on my mind little man sleeping but I cant !! 
Going to bed ... saw a old friend tonight it was cool !! 
at home just got done shopping bored !!! 
Going to try to catch some sleep !! 
went to grove city today to go shopping was there forever like 6 hours lol i am now exhausted .... 
Terrible Night just found out my other car took a Crap so now I have to go all the way to ohio tomorrow to take care of everything this just sucks 
Going to bed had a real long day ended up buying a car . 
Going to bed pretty good day !! 
going to watch my show then going to bed 
Benefit For < PROPFEMALE > Utegg Saturday October 9th 3-9pm at St. Joes ..... 
Found out today im having a girl !! 
My little man had so much fun trick or treating but passed out in the middle of it lol 
Just put my baby to sleep now to relax and go to bed myself !!! 
About to be going to work ..... off at 7 then only 2 more days til I come to Ohio 
going to work 10-7 ughhh 
home from work got the baby bathed now waiting to put him to bed for my turn .... 
Going to bed exhausted long day at work only 4 more weeks til the new baby is here !! 
Only 19 more days < PROPMALE > til the baby is here !!! Hopefully before then though !! 
water just broke its baby time !! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > born 913 pm 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are doing great but let me tell you I love this nubane stuff lol 
< PROPFEMALE > and I should be going home tomorrow thank goodness hate the hospital and miss my little man 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are home from the hospital thank goodness lol 
Nothing better than 3 in the morning personal wake up calls Lol she is doing really well though sleeping about 4 hours at a time already !! 
Nothing better than watching your two little angels sleep !!! 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on Food stamps , Medicaid , or Cash Assistance for your Children or yourself , you HAVE TO pass a Drug Test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post . We have to work and take a drug test so should they 
< PROPFEMALE > is already 8 days old its crazy how time flys !!! 
Just took my first shot in 9 months it was pretty intense lol 
Got my income tax today thank goodness couldnt of came at a better time than maternity leave !! 
My sons favorite word is more give me more lol its to cute 
Going to Ohio tomorrow until Wednesday !!! Need some time to get away ....... 
Watching my son laugh hysterically over nothing lol its to cute !! 
Going to Ohio today after my 6-week check-up until the 13th then its back to work !! 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to wake up bored in the mean time .... Steve drives 3hrs to see me and then just sits on the couch lol 
Trying to find a apartment its turing out to be a mission lol 
Back to work tomorrow 9am its going to be hard leaving my babies !! 
At work on lunch and bored 
< PROPFEMALE > is out of the hosptial now and were home she is doing good 
Army Wives at 9 woohoo !! 
