I guess 18 holes just wasn't enough for you huh Tiger ? 

went to the beer store an hour ago .... Im already out 
entertain me people 
4chan died .... oh no , what shall i do ? 
today I accepted that Im just a sociopath with good people skills ...... thoughts ? 
gtfo and take ur fail with you 
the answers always waiting at the liquor store 
rocked out to road block , with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and the pain last night 
doing my first painting .... god i suck 
doesnt want to drink anymore and needs your help 
just did a sensory deprivation , cant get more relaxed than this 
When they come for me Ill be sitting at my desk with a gun in my hand , wearing a bullet proof vest . Thinkin my oh my how the time has flown when you know you're gonna die by the end of the night ~ Streetlight Manifesto 
i quote Shakespeare in an epic portrayal and < PROPFEMALE > says this is what its like when you dont drink 
got served my divorce paperwork at work today infront of all my managers .... if you need me ill be passed out at home with my wild turkey for the next few days 
opened a new bottle and threw away the cap , cant beat that family tradition . 
open sesame , here comes rasta man abracadabra , catch me if you can 
turn it up until its just a little too loud , then its right 
Ive misplaced my opinion ! Someone please tell me what its supposed to be . 
aint it funny , how everybody knows but you ? 
new plan ... stay too tired to feel angry or upset 
hear the soldiers marching and yell you dont need guns to change the world ! 
I will be the one to say no , I will not stand for it ! 
I dont want to hurt you ... but if you force me to its going to be permanent . 
ask for the stars , you might get a piece of the < PROPFEMALE > 
just read my daughter our first bed time story together over skype , technology is great 
wishes he could turn off all the religious spam people are shoving into their statuses 
9:00 PM Saturday , May 29th at House Of Bricks Rude Punch and Roadblok ! 
\How can I have hope for a nation that regularly protests tax cuts that \ 
misses GOOD news ... now its all just evil stuff , mean people and bad things 
you are the feces that is produced when shame eats failure 
feelin like a < PROPFIRST > tonight 
you're awfully cute , but , unfortunatly for you , \ 
you're made of meat 
look at the size of that beast , its huge ! \ 
( dude fucks with it)\ 
oh great , now its angry AND huge 
bbq some chicken and be thankful it aint you ! New Rebelution ! Where you at ! 
yell it out !!!! gotta gotta try for tomorrow , you cant see through today ! 
omg a new smart phone , quick everyone upgrade ! 
loves coming home to be greeted by his womans who also happens to be holding a warm plate of food for him 
Dont taze me bro ! 
Would someone please explain to me why I can buy poisons at the store that are authorized for human consumption by my government . 
Do you know your neighbors anymore ? 
Every day is sunday , when you're unemployed . \ 
Sounds pretty good man , I should be overjoyed . \ 
Yeah everyday is sunday ! \ 
But every day is sunday , and Friday never comes . 
august first ... officially broke and living on < PROPFEMALE > now 
has a face that was launched to sink ... 
flood waters are knee high at my apartment already 
We've been evacuated from our apartment . Neck high flood waters . Anyone have a place to stay ? < PROPFEMALE > and I are pretty desperate . 
back home finally , thanks a bunch < PROPMALE > 
I need a job ... someone ... anyone ... please ! 
comitting myself tonight to < PROPFIRST > greely ... I need your support Ill be at the hospital for a few weeks 
back home ! 
Thank you target for failing to attend my unemployment hearing ! Now youll pay me to sit at my house ! 
the best part about living in iowa is the central time zone ... Adult swim starts an hour early ! 
Angry beavers marathon . 
Im so sharp I musta stepped in the knife box last night . 
Im so sharp I musta slept in the knife box last night . 
needs friends .... in the real world 
sometimes I miss my drill sgts , \ you're as useful as a shit flavored lollipop maggard ! " 
\I take my shots straight out of the jug . \"" 
has never pleased anyone , made anyone happy , or ever been good enough . Feel free to humor with anecdotes if you feel otherwise . 
New phone ! I will get the number out there . 
Yes I can hear myself when i talk .... isnt it weird ? Ya know ... like ... saying what you think . Even though its not socially acceptable . 
Is super psyched to get tatted up today ! Its been too long . 
Lovin my new tat . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have been eaten by dragons . The other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . 
will be in Florida this December ! Woot ! Tell everyone Im comin , and hells comin with me . 
found out today that my DAD of 100+ more pounds and 30 more years has about the same cholestorol of me and he has BETTER blood pressure than me .... DAMNIT 
Florida trip is official ! Ill be in town on the 15th through January 4th ! 
Impossible to walk in this muck . No footing at all . 
You better take care of me Lord , cause if you don't ... you're gonna have ME on your hands . 
Damn I miss jumpin out of planes . AIRBRONE all the way ! 
Anyone around ames wana play some paintball ? Lookin to get some people together that wana get some real military training . 
Is no longer going to Jaded Angel / Jaded Lotus Tattoos due to extreme rudeness . Go fuck yourselves . 
Don't take any guff from those swine man ! 
Welcome to date rape ... enjoy the pain ~ emergen-c commercial 
Today I saw these three guys mugging an old lady so I got involved . She was a tough old broad but in the end we got her purse . 
brew masters tonight at 10 ! 9c 
so apparently Im only 76% evil 
Anyone who doesnt support full on war with North Korea Is a Communist . Bring back hatred against anyone not democratic . 
Everybody dies , but not everybody lives . 
Just pick a dead end and chill out till you die ~ < PROPMALE > 
leaving for florida in 9 days ! 
Its okay , Im in control .... Im not sure about these people though . 
Away you fiend ! Nothing , I want nothing ! 
rolling blue mountain , cresting over the hill top 
Oh eastern time zone , I missed you so . 
That's not a tool , its a brick . 
What the hell is he doing ? Some kinda < PROPFEMALE > queer doe I think . 
There's no room under the tree . 
Just watched a successful thorcotamy . 
Your little sister loves you a whole bunch !! 
Ow .... sad face . 
Everywhere I go people ask me to take my shirt off . 
That is a terrible , completely self destructive plan and I'm totally behind you 100% . 
Is safely back in lames with his sexy piece of ass . 
ME : Hey < PROPFEMALE > , let me get three fingers of milk baby . \ 
\ 
Tanya : Like ... butterfingers ? 
Doesnt need to get a yes ... she'll scream it eventually . 
Really hate eating sushi with a fork .... about to start carrying around my chopstix again 
Buying canvas tomorrow , yay ! 
Can you feel that captain compost !? 
The Eagles are getting beat like one of < PROPFIRST > Vick's dogs . 
Gah ! I havnt been tattooed for a week ! 
The Panamera Turbo ... for those of us that want to do 180 in a 4 door . 
Is hot like Mexico :D 
With a table always set ...... ...... for guests that never came . 
deserves a piece of the high-life . 
you seem somewhat familiar .. Have I threatened you before ? 
Is having the pleasure of healing two tattoos at once .... 
So I just watched all of Spartacus ... deffinately the most sex and boobs ever in a tv show . 
The damn coffee table ambushed my toe ! 
And yes , I do know everything ... I have google on my phone . 
Barring it up tonight in ames , Whos coming with me ! 
Live version of In a Gadda Da < PROPFEMALE > ,,, 17 anda half minutes long ?! 
I love going to the dairy part of the store and pushing the milk back at the stocker ! Can't catch me :p 
I just opened a 4 loko and my liver quivered 
for the record .... i hate painting snowflakes 
Looking for a ride to the roadblok show tonight w/ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and the pain ! Ill pay gas ! 
Go egypt ! Its fun to watch the police get chased for once . 
Need a ride to dsm from ames like asap . Will cover gas ! 
is excited to have been the first sperm . 
I dont wana get attacked by a giant shrubbery man ... that seems excessive . 
ate a can of greenbeans for dinner 
Power Rangers : Samurai starts monday ! yea ! 
Is sick of stupid people whining about their whole inch anda half of accumulated snow .... you know we got ATLEAST a half of foot the night and its STILL there and will be until APRIL 
is addicted to the smell of green soap and Vaseline . 
wants to make deviled eggs from ostrich eggs 
you got shrunk < PROPFEMALE > mouthwash ! 
note to self\ 
Lead , zinc , gold , coal , iron , coal . 
Some people have hopes and dreams , some people have ways and means . 
Can't stop puking :( 
can almost put my hair up again ! 
We've got cans of alcoholic unicorn blood ! 
you believe in gods , I believe in men . 
plus she let me wear my chain and my turtle neck sweater . 
Shes fallen hard for me , I can see it in her eyes . She acts just like a nurse , with all the other guys . 
Sir , I think youve gone mad with power .... \ 
Ofcourse I have ! Have you ever tried going mad withouth power ? Its embarassing .. people laugh at you . 
is that thunder I hear ! fuk ya 
look its < PROPMALE > mandela , I didnt know he could act 
You know you're hungry when you bite your own finger . 
Give this man your finest trouser arouser . 
is in love with bellatrix lestrange 
oh hell I left your car seat in the catalouge ... well just sit in my lap , itll be safe 
Sorry I was down at the gun club playing russian roullette ..... oh neat baby , did you win ?.... you're uh not really familiar with game huh ? 
the american translation is : many tentacled monsters from hell conquer the innocence of school girls ..... which you can see has much marketing value 
is that legal ? uh ... define legal 
wishes his mouth had a backspace button 
Everyone should tell me about their tattoos . I want pics and meanings ! 
so I hear the rapture is coming on may 21st ... any of you jesus freaks care to elaborate ? 
hey Im no square but .. isnt that discouraged by my operations < PROPMALE > ? 
THIS JUST IN : Tball stand throws no hitter game ! 
wanting a bloody marry ... hmm 
< PROPMALE > , quit laughing and call me an ambulance .... \ 
okay ... youre an ambulance 
you know all those really hot girls in the beer commercials ? yea ... they dont drink beer 
take a drug test ? sweet , what kind of drugs are we testing 
no longer playing CA , feel free to remove me 
does someone have a place i can stay for a few days ? 
Goals ... workout and paint 
