I'm going to hate my life this week , just to let everyone know .... I go back to work . It's gonna be insane ; work , college , running , friends , theater ... what about sleep ? Nope , no sleep this semester ... 

I didn't go to work today , primarily because I don't want to go back . I like my life as a full time college student with only two classes .... but I'm determined to get up tomorrow at 6 to get to work by 7 ... ugh . 
going running , and then to an audition . It's gonna be sweet 
just thinking of the time I peed my pants at < PROPFIRST>'s house a few weeks ago ... it was glorious . 
Colony says girls think I'm ugly . Quick , someone prove her wrong by posting how sexy I am ! 
gaming with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , & < PROPMALE > on and off for 3 days straight . I am so tired .... 
got banged up pretty bad this mornig , running like a madman to class . Out of commission for a couple of days ... lame . 
going to bed with sweet dreams of being Hamlet . 
This one has decided to actually make an effort to get in shape . I know I'm in pretty good shape already , but if i want to do a swordplay scene with my shirt off , I'm going to have to beef up my upper body . It's all just so depressing ... 
is sick of being insulted ... you know who you are . 
excited for this weekend , last meet of the season ! 
I'm going to school tomorrow , followed by a stern visit to the police station . I think they don't want me to get my bike back , because I've called them five times or more over the past week , and they've been \unavailable\ " every time . This displeases me greatly . But such is life ; unfortunate events serve to remind us how good the other events in our lives are . " 
should be asleep but is too busy ranting about the shortcomings of pop culture . 
is chillin ' ... legit , epic chillin ' [ makes gang sign with hands and mock angry expression ] . 
would like to apologize for the inevitability that , at some point in time , I have given you offense . You know who you are , because you're everyone . Don't freak out ; it's just that sometimes I can't help thinking everything is my fault . 
I didn't go to class today . That was a terrible thing of me to do . However , I am determined to make up for ir tomorrow by going in to work 2 hours early . 
tired , time sleep for bed ... yeah . 
While driving , < PROPFIRST > and I saw a strange light coming from the west . It was like a lighthouse in the sky . I feel this will hold some significance in the very near future . 
went to class today like a good boy . I feel great . 
needs a date ... 
is actually genuinely happy right now . 
freaked out tonight for what may be considered no good reason ... 
will win ... at everything ... because I have to for my friends . I'm just as strong as I have to be , for them . =] 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIEOZCcaXzE good stuff . 
MGMT . Newly added to my list of favorite bands . 
is happy to help . 
ok , so like twenty people have sent me this and I've ignored all of them because I don't know what it is , and I'm too lazy to find out : Citizens Arrest Warrant : < PROPFIRST > Kony Somebody tell me what it is , and maybe I'll do something ... 
is going to lunch , to get his money and his bicycle , and then ... TO THE SHOW !!!! 
taking care of business today . 
In case anyone calls and is wondering where I am , more specifically , Becca , I'm going to Wal-Mart with my aunt to pick up her prescription , and will be back shortly . I promised to be home , but if I'm not , I'll call you back as soon as I get home . <3 
so who's going to the cast party Saturday ? I don't know if I'm gonna go , but if someone's going there and then to the Shakespeare Abridged show , talk to me . I may need a ride ... 
Is anyone hosting a < PROPFEMALE > party any time soon ? I'll explain in further detail to anyone that is and wishes to invite me ... 
didn't go to school today , due to lack of realization that the buses weren't running because it's Veteran's Day . I stood at the bus stop for an hour , then , after examining the tire tred in the snow and noting it was old , I knew something was amiss ... 
VALVE OIL !!!!!! I need to go to the Horn Doctor or somewhere and pick up some valve oil . If you comment on this , include the words , valve oil , somewhere in it . 
TECHNOLOGY SUCKS ! I'm going to bed , this machine is making me angry ... 
Without darkness , there is no light ; without evil , good need not exist . Give thanks for all those who have wronged you and caused you pain , for pain is weakness leaving the body , and the pain has made you stronger . It's twisted , but it's true . 
Thanksgiving with Becca and her family in 12 hours ! 
After neglecting my facebook for one day , I have come back to 67 notifications ... this is ridiculous ... 
Opening weekend was great . We had tech malfunctions , I myself screwed up a few times , but we had some great shows . Hats off to the cast and crew of both shows . 
is happy . My boss came to see my show today , and I found out a girl in the cast is my boss's granddaughter . Good show today everyone . 
has reaffirmed his identity today . 
\This woman is making an extra $5000 per month ! wow :) sign me up ! GALEWHER . C0M\ " Apparently Conner Ferrin wanted me to see this . Hackers need to get a life . " 
is NOT into guys , and two of his friends , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , are douchebags . 
home for Christmas 
is ashamed that he's stayed up til 3 in the morning on facebook ... 
is going to the mall with his family , then movie night , but not with his family . 
New favorite quote : “THIS JUST IN : THIS TOOTHPASTE IS TOO MINTY , SADNESS CONSUMES ME\ Sheer verbal radiance . " 
OWL CITY 
The closer you make your character to yourself , the more you become your character off-stage . Solution : Step outside yourself and distinguish the similarities and differences , and capitalize on , not embellish , both . 
Seussical opens in 4 days !!!!!!!!!!!! Everyone come see it . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Theatre at the PAC . Bring your friends , bring your family , and don't forget your pocketbooks so you can donate to our company ! =] 
believes he may have inadvertantly succeeded in ruining today for at least three different people ... I'm just too philosophical and emotionally charged for high school life ... wait . 
So I just found out that < PROPFIRST > Depp was voted #2 on the list of < PROPFEMALE>'s best loved celebrity actors for this year . Normally I would be outraged at such an assessment , but he came in second to < PROPMALE > Eastwood , who I have much respect for . He's been at it for a LONG time . Hats off to both , and to Denzel washington , who was #3 . 
hmm , not sure how I feel about this new format ... but I did learn that Ctrl+B makes the text Bold , and Ctrl+I makes it Italic . Cool . =] 
I have a Red < PROPFEMALE > Bobcat , 2008 . It has been stolen . If you see anyone riding a bicycle of this description , there aren't many of them around , so it's probably mine . If , perchance , it magically reappears in my front driveway , I won't ask questions . Until such time , I will not stop looking for it , and will , without hesitation , hospitalize anyone I see riding it . =] 
So I just found out I can't add myself as a friend ... 
got to be a pretty girl yesterday ... and totally kicked butt at it , too . 
is experiencing record high levels of determination . 
Spring Break = 12 hours of nonstop acting every day all week . SCORE ! 
is wondering why no one freaking told him about the large group music festival ... that was this week right ? 
got called back to work today ! YESSSS !!!! =D 
Shower Time ! ( Can't Touch This ... ) 
If it happens again , I'm going to kick the crap out of you . You know who you are and you know what I'm talking about . Enough is enough , I'm not as spineless as some of you think I am . 
Left his facebook logged in on someone elses computer . Sup guys ? 
HAMLET ! YES ! COME SEE ! TONIGHT , SPECIAL STUDENT PREVIEW , ONLY $6 ! 
Just noticed that he's not the only one with the Hamlet poster as his profile pic ... and thinks that the whole cast should do the same . 
would like to remind everyone that Hamlet is still running this week on thursday and Saturday . Everyone come see it ! 
just logged on to find three identical video posts from 2 different people , at the same time , with the same comment with them ... stupid internet pranksters , go peddle your stupididty to someone else . 
Ya kniow what I hate ? When people are d-bags , especially when they know that I would never do to them what they do to me .... ya know what I don't hate ? When MY BROTHER IS HERE FROM CALIFORNIA AND GIVES ME A SPANDEX T-SHIRT !!! =D 
WHEW ! 60 happy birthdays and counting ... thank you everyone . BTdubs , I quit my job and am now searching for a night job , preferably downtown , so if any of you have any connections , I would greatly appreciate a handout =] ... what ? No serioulsy , if anyone has anything , lemme know , k ? =] 
is going to be a KNIFE SALESMAN ! HOORAY !!!! \ 
By the way , if anyone knows anyone who is in the market for some quality kitchen cutlery , have them contact me . =D 
got a sweet check for $600 and is using it to buy a knife set that would otherwise cost $2000\ 
I got plenty Money =D 
Summer Conservatory 2010 June 21-July 24 . Classes held at Pacific Northern Academy and the Festival of Plays is held at UAA's Main Stage Theatre . Now through June 14 get $100 off your $700 tuition for each friend you get to register . You could go to Summer Conservatory for free ! Fairytale Theater gets $50 off for each friend they refer ! If you have any questions , feel free to ask . 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > McAllister Christian < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Cummings for a wonderful mountain climbing experience yesterday . My legs are sore , for the first time in months . It's beautiful . 
Sometimes all it takes is a bit of depression and suddenly everyone loves you . 
Normally I love the rain , but when you have to dress nice for a presentation you're riding a bicycle to , rain is the enemy . 
will be getting a sweet commission check for $70 this week . 
Just stayed the night at his parents ' and had a 3 hour talk with his dad . It was really cool . 
threw his back out acting as a human shield for some of his lovely lady friends against the mosh-ers at the flyleaf concert , which , btw , was pretty awesome . Most fun I've had this month . 
So my cousin Colony Hannon got back this evening . I missed you =] ... doing your chores wasn't the coolest way to spend the week . \ 
Kidding\ 
... sort of . 
Well , ladies and gentlemen , let's kick some arse , shall we ? 
is disappointed in the fact that all of the high school girls he knows are attracted to < PROPFIRST > Lautner ... 
DEREEEEEEEEECK !!!!!!!! > : 0 
Needs a license to get a job he wants . Who has a car and will teach him how to drive ? 
Potluck tomorrow !!! Then Ultimate frisbee at 8 ! YAY ! =] 
Wishes to wish < PROPFIRST > McAllister a happy birthday , and everyone else gets a happy July 4th =D 
Zoosk is telling me to join if I like cosplay girls ... I'm gonna have to think about this one ... 
Just climbed in his little brother's second-floor window ... with the help of his little brother . 
just watched his uncle drive away in a Firedbird , and is overcome with joy ... and jealousy . 
The girl I'm dating left for college yesterday . In an attempt to feel better about the situation , I took a shower ... in a car wash . Unfortunately , I still miss you Maddy Klever , but on the upside , I went with the deluxe wash , so I'm extra polished . 
Super stoked for today and tomorrow . I'm gonna be a fitness trainer ! =] 
loves < PROPMALE > Cuerdo , < PROPFIRST > McAllister , < PROPFEMALE > Cummings & < PROPFIRST > Hegefeld 
Just scheduled classes for the fall semester ! Yay ! 
\You're a beautiful human being\ " \ 
needs a job and can't afford to be picky . Anyone ? I'll take anything ... maybe even janitorial work , if I can't get anything else ... 
kinda feels like garbage . I just wanna climb a tree ... 
I am love . It's official . =] 
Quote of the day : \I was looking at your pizza and I noticed your legs ... \ " \ 
has the COOLEST JOB EVER ! 4 am clock-in , kick butt moving food product , clock out at 10:30 , sleep . Win . 
It's my day off . What do I do ? Sleep . Goodnight . 
likes how fired up some people get about politics when half of them have no idea what they're talking about . Election Day is fun . 
Time for shower . Then nap ... maybe . Sleep is hard to come by these days . 
Is it just me , or has everyone else noticed the fact that the sidewalks of anchorage appear to be plowed by 5th graders on LSD ? New rule . How about , if you're going to be getting paid $30 an hour , you should be somewhat proficient at your job . 
Talk about dedication . I just got a call from an injury claims representative offering me assistance and support for my work injury . My broken fingernail . An injury which occurred exactly one month ago . I love Costco . 
In other news , I recieved the largest paycheck of my life today , my grandparents ' house has flooded due to a faulty water heater , my girlfriend is away in California , going to school , and I'm moving into a new house , which is about a quarter of a mile away from the gym I'm becoming a member of as soon as I move in . 
So in other news , I got a new home , gave a drunk guy sales advice , colored my hair orange , got made fun of for it , went to the emergency room to use the toilet , and ate prime rib for free . I've come to the conclusion that , whatever negative things happen , no matter how bad it gets , life is generally good . 
Quote of the Day , Zach Corcoran : \I wish I could just sell myself ... \ " \ 
