tonight is not my night ... 

went to nashville for the weekend , amazing . love you < PROPMALE > ! thanks for inviting me ;) 
its strange that even when you know you know something , it always hits home when someone else comes right out and confirms it ... just an observation from many encounters with this ... but , life moves on , and usually it already has before this happens ... 
someone revive my dead fish in fish world please :( 
so i had to stay two hours late today and to top it off i couldn't sleep more than five hours AND i woke up with a h/a ... i hope tonite goes a lil smoother ... 
only a week until i see my sis and my niece ! cannot wait ! 
ah , counting down the hours ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ryone have a fun and safe new years < PROPFEMALE > ! 
pink 
practice what you preach ! 
marriage is an institution .... so is alcatraz 
feels like she has a pinched nerve in her right ass cheek ... or something with the muscle ... it keeps spasming and shooting pains down my leg and different lengths ... owie ! 
hail woke me up 
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor * Spoken w/ Vlingo - http://vlingo.com 
loves to be proven right 
I ( emphasis on the I ) win 
crazy dteams ... more like nightmares .. why ?!?. 
sleepy time 
sitting outside in her pjs with a lot on her mind 
lovely weekend 
he KISSED your HAND !!! 
big 2-4 wee ! 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes , it was a great weekend 
just watched the kite runner , sad ... 
wants a puppy 
Why is my body being so rebellious ?! Ugh ... 
fm immune system . maybe I should have gotten that flu shot after all , bleh ... 
48 hours I've been in bed and still ill 
is finally out of her coma ! yay ! 
idk why but song for pound puppies came into my head just now while cleaning out my closet 
oh and pig pox ... and why do I have papers from a japanese class I took ?! I have a lot to recycle tomorrow !! 
I must have went on a cleaning spurt due to being a slug for almost three days . but now I'm done ! 
whoa , only 18 more days ! 
sleep evades me . uninterrupted 8 hours is not possible for me , even when I have the time . boooooo 
hates how she can't breathe out of her nose , ah the pressure ! bleh , sleepytime ... 
Sleep ... 
WHOA ! full < PROPFEMALE > 
going nowhere fast 
we went to bed after midnight , so why am I awake ? 
another reason for me not to like ku !! look what kind of crazies go there !! I blame the sports !! 
beeeeeeeeach ..... 
ten days and counting 
seven !!! 
sleep ... a < PROPMALE > to dream ... 
Delete ! 
last day of work before < PROPFEMALE > beach vacation !! I def need this time off and away at a beach !!! 
must take these contacts out .. digoxin in eye not cool .. 
needs an eye dr appt now asap but I'm sleepy ... so later ... 
ps six . now I think I will sleep ... 
whoa , storm with hail !! 
five days ... 
movie time haha 
Finally got my bb messenger uploaded , ack ! Curses to this apt and its finicky signal !! Can't wait to move ! But first , the beach 
Completed all my laundry today . I'm hoping tomorrow I can find some clothes for the beach ... 
Crazy sleep/nonsleep cycle needs to fix itself before our trip !! 
picking up my sis tomorrow and the next day is it !! 
laugh of the day : I actually walk in to express , and the gal who comes up to help me asks me what size I am , the asks , small ? hahahah but she did find me a shirt , bless her heart 
shopping trip four hours , now time for dinner and a movie ... and maybe packing , haha ! 
Well I'm up 
why couldn't this weather wait until AFTER we left ?? 
why the eff did my eye have to go and get a corneal ulcer before < PROPFEMALE > beach ?!? eff that :( 
tomorrow , tomorrow , I love ya tomorrow , you're only a daaaaaay aaaaaah-waaaaay !! 
... but its taking so long ! lol 
Really wasn't excited about spending 75 bucks on my eyeball before this trip , and getting tired of these \taste disturbing\ " eye drops ! " 
Leavin on a jet plane , don't know when ill be back again . Actually the 17th haha . So excited to leave this gray weather ! 
Atl ! 
made it safely to < PROPFEMALE > beach !!! 
Its a beautiful day 
Scrumdiddlyumptious < PROPMALE > wonka bars , yum ! 
Even with lotion I still got a lil red . Great day at the beach tho ! Gonna go out for dinner and then to a bar we got free passes while at the beach 
Great day , beach , the best dinner ill ever have , and a night out at the club . Three more days of this !! 
< PROPFEMALE > crush martini , < PROPFEMALE > loaf bread and french roll , lobster bisque and bibb salad , ribeye and butter/cream/chive mashed potatoes , with samples from the chef and first taste of creme brulee , I hope I have dreams about it !! yum !! 
Amusement park today , then possibly some touristy shopping , then broadway at the beach ! 
Ok so lunch at hard rock cafe , postponed amusement park to tomorrow due to crazy working hours , relazing on the beach and the condos lazy river . Now time for some amazing leftovers !! 
Wore myself out to the point we stayed in last night and I passed out before 10 ! Lol . But today , parasailing and the amusement park and hipefully out on the town again ! 
Parasailing was amazing and broadway at the beach was fun , minus crazy people hitting on us lol 
Every day has been beautiful here , yay :) 
Sleepytime . Sad we have to fly home tomorrow 
well vacation is officially over , just arrived in kci 
Dance nights in the garage equals too much fun esp with a couple drinks . Ps < PROPFIRST > hood , you can < PROPMALE > me anytime lol 
Lazy gray day . Just finished a matrix marathon with < PROPFEMALE > 
Wishes she didn't have to go back to work !! I need to win the lottery , not that I've ever played ! 
Can't sleep ... gotta go back for my three days of work tomorrow ... 
If anyone has an ATT phone they aren't using let me know , my sis needs one and we are willing to negotiate ! 
corn nuts : sensible solution . what's not : eating the entire 4 servings along with a coke instead of going to get a real lunch . oh boy ... :) 
Time to pay the big bucks to see the big LG !! Goodbye savings !! Lol , so stoked now ... 
Sleepytime ... 
Why am I not sleeping 
Needs to start packing . But first ... sleep 
I'm a hard girl , loving me's like straightening curls 
4 hour EA for my extra shift tonight . Guess ill do some packing while I wait to see if I have to go in 
No work tonight but I still get paid I love it , and I need extrta cash for the move !! 
Owee , my back hurts , packing sucks !!! 
whoa rain !! 
Why am I awake so early ugh ?! 
Show me your teeth :D 
Goodnight , time to sleep , must work tonight ... Ps , I love you ... < PROPFEMALE > :D 
So ready to be moved ! Ah ! So near and yet so far 
What is this , record rain week ?! Psh ! 
Ugh still awake and still have to drive home and work tonight ! Idk how people do this ! 
Last minute packing ! Woohoo 
i should hate you the whole night through , instead of having sweet dreams about you ... I love you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Feelin hot hot hot ... And sweaty , sticky , humid , blech ! 
Eff rain on moving day !! Grr 
Never again will I move my own stuff . I will pay twice as much to have someone do it for me ! I think I deserve a pedicure and a beer ! Or six ! 
The only thing I'm doin in this place tonight is making my bed and passing out ! Night night ! 
Amazing what a bottle of ballatore can do for ya ! 
Pulls her hair back as she screams 
I must have a sign that says screw me over hovering above me cuz that's the story of my life . Ps washing blinds sucks ! 
O M G ... this night needs to end ! 
Well got my drink on with some my ladies , it was great to catch up ! Gotta get some sleep now , night night !! 
Some days I suck at life ... Today is one of them 
thinks I see the beginnings of a spider vein and that is soooo not cool 
my sister just told me and < PROPFIRST > that when she wakes up in the morning her nose is inflamed and she plays with it so it will look normal ... O M G I just died 
and < PROPFIRST > just told us about her raper ... 
Cannot wait til this month is over ... 
Needs new shoes , owee my feet are killing me ! 
Gaga in a month !! Can't wait to see the \astro\ " < PROPFEMALE > !!! Woohoo !! " 
Making cookies and I didn't even lick the beaters ! One small step for today , one giant leap towards one less inch in my waistline ! * and the crowd goes wild * 
What to do today ? Probably should go through some boxes ! 
Why am I already awake ! Hurry up tomorrow ! 
Rain rain go away PS quit coming on my days off ! 
After many a conversation , I have decided I will never get married bc there is nothing but selfish son of a bitch pigs out there ... All I have is myself and my family ... And I'm ok with that 
time for sleep ... finally ! night 
Ready to go home and sleepy ! One more night ! 
Don't look at me like that 
Finally goin to the lake house this weekend . Then I'm workin 5 days next week . What was I thinking ?! Ha ha oh wellll ... 
Good morning 
Today I reaped the benefits of my extra shifts , two new pairs of shoes , for work , haha yay 
Omg ... Gooodnight 
I see the < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > sees me 
it is SO hard to wake up early when you work nights , ugh ! 
so glad I got to see my friend jaki today !! :D 
Next splurge from extra shifts , new scrubs and preparations for lady gaga 
Anyone interested in going to a royals game with me and < PROPFEMALE > next fri july 30th ? 
goodnight 
Still dont know what I'm wearing to gaga , ahhh ! 
work work work 
Seriously ?? Seriously ?! 
Very excited for gaga and very excited to be going with three good friends ! 
Hey < PROPMALE > you owe me 7 dollars , a hug , and a big ass thank you . And maybe a drink . And some bbq ... Lol . Fill ya in later ! 
Work , meeting , and now I'm on a commitee , oh boy ... 
Time for sleep , mmm , night 
yay for the weekend ! royals game tomorrow 
ice cold lemonaaaaade ! straight from the lemon treeeee !! 
YES !! 7-5 royals win in the last inning with a home run !! and fireworks , my belated 4th of july !! 
just got to our seats !! ahh !! so hot outside ! 
o m g amazing !! so worth it !! my camera lasted most the concert too !! great day !! 
Amazing concert last night ! My feet are killin me but so worth it ! Today is the first day of the diet/exercise ! Feeling good after some cardio ! Now to enjoy the day off to recoop 
day two of workin out , not bad ... still habve a long ways to go ! 
ready for a few days off ! 
man , I resisted < PROPFEMALE > bars and megans grape salad , but when I came home from work and saw pizza I wanted to cry lol !! diets suck ! which is probably why I've never been on one til now ... but I didn't give in ! go me ! good night 
relaxing day off with interesting reading material ! :D 
Feels like a slug today ... 
More sleep ... 
things that make you go *#@$* !!! .... grr 
who gets to work this weekend ? I do ! oh boy ! its ok cuz my sis and my niece are coming next week ! yay ! 
made it to day 10/phase two ! lost over 5 lbs , yay ! very encouraging 
wow its not sweltering out ! 
has never been so excited for a hamburger ( thank you < PROPFIRST > foreman ! ) 
Yay good sleeping weather , stay away sun ! 
I love life ... cereal that is !!! mmm cinnamon ... 
Going to the zoo tomorrow with my sisters and my niece !! Hopefully no < PROPMALE > rain ... 
Zoo was fun except the heat ! It was a good day . Long overdue pedicure tomorrow yay . Goodnight 
you know what's depressing ? going out to a restaurant and realizing you can't eat anything ... diet sucks again !! ps I found my planner , after buying a new one , how did I know that would happen ... ok moving on ... 
< PROPMALE > and busters today , good times . and just relaxing . now time for bed . 
klee : where's mommy ? me and beth : she's in the bathroom . klee : I better go check . 
just saw three deer by the parking garage at the hospital ... 
worst ... sleep ... ever !!! 
me so tired ... 
* I believe in a thing called love * thanks to all my romantic movies ... 
deer out in the hospital lawn again ! I think ill name them next time I see them ... 
Haven't seen spot or < PROPFEMALE > since :( time to make cookies and get ready for the game !! 
Go chiefs ! Awesome first game ( for me ) , they won !! 
still can't believe its gonna take 6 weeks for att to be able to come out and hook up our tv/internet ... gonna miss the beginning of greys . at least we have season 6 to look forward to , sept 14th . and my book .. anyways nighty night 
Lovely weather the weekend I work lol . Oh well . Phase 3 of diet !! 
Got my workout out of the way , now just sittin outside listening to the crazy wind blowin through the trees 
Yay to sleep , goodnight 
got my gaga gear in the mail today ! thank you postman for not leaving it outside in the rain yesterday !! 
aaaaaaand the power just went out . boo 
so ... the only thing left to do now is drink a beer ! 
my niece K'Lee is 3 years old today , happy birthday !! 
Ready for a night out , its been a while ! 
Great nite , now time for sleep 
thanks goodness this night is over . now to go home and sleep 
ugh time to get up already ?? boo to this meeting ... 
Tomorrow is another day ... goodnight 
ugh I so wanna be a slug , but I guess ill go to the gym 
Found out I'm going to be an aunt again , my older sister told me she's pregnant :) 
Drinks after work is aMAZing ! 
good hair gone to waste ! oh well ... slug !!! 
after being sprayed with tonic water , I finally made mojitos , mmm 
It is quite possible I have lost ten lbs ! Woohoo ! 
great day for sleeping ! goodnight ! 
Had a good ( splurgy ) dinner with my dad and my lil sis 
Sleep . A < PROPMALE > to dream ... 
woohoo good night I'd say ! 
I love \coffee\ " and I love coffee ! lol " 
I am now boycotting wal-mart ! you will not see another cent from me ! 
Bloody marys are a good way to get your veggies ! 
Mmm sleep , and off tonight and tomorrow , yay 
Fish fry ?! Splurge ! Better hit the gym a bit more next week ! 
is oh so excited for next fri -- att uverse and internet ! finally will be able to upload pics ! 
What are you waiting for ? 
why can I not sleep ? couldn't stay awake for a movie last night but here it is 7 am on a sunday morning and I'm awake , boo ! 
dishes done , laundry done , bathroom cleaned ... and its not even ten ... what to do ... 
great workout to start a beautiful day ! 
hates her blackberry right now , I cannot figure out how to print camera pics off of it , grr ! 
Shopping and now dinner and < PROPMALE > 
clean sheets and new pillows calling my name . yes , I fell asleep on the couch before ten pm , lol , goodnight ! 
ok 1 ) I saw two turkeys walking on the shoulder on my way home and 2 ) I'm sorry but kcfd trucks with your lights on in the fast < PROPFIRST > but going 10 < PROPMALE > under the speed limit and cutting me off twice , AND driving in the middle of two < PROPFIRST > s , EFF you , you obviously weren't heading to an emergency and suck at driving . with that said , maybe my bp will go down and I can sleep ... 
people need to stop having accidents , esp when I don't know detours 
great workout ! now time for great food and fam ! 
moments of failure -- brought to you by me -- falling asleep reading an instruction < PROPMALE > and not picking up your sister bc of it :( sorry ! 
meh don't want to get up ... hope this installation business goes smoothly ... yesterday was a great day off , hopefullt this will be too 
They say good things come to those who wait , but how long do I have to wait ? 
I'm so glad att is still not here ! not only have I been waiting for two hours not able to leave , I get to wait longer !! 
another call from att , the actual technician , telling me he just got the job and it will be another hour ... 
finally ! this post is from my macbook , and my sis on the desktop ! tv ready , cannot begin to express the relief that it is over and the excitement of not being in the dark !! 
sooo ... me and my sister are technologically challenged ... fail 
Why am I awake after less than four hours of sleep ? Idk but this calls for some benadryl and melatonin .. 
time to work it 
lazy sunday which consisted mostly of movies and house marathon and hanging with my lil sis ( I love you , you dirty little smuggler LOL ! ) now its time for sleep so I can work the next three nights . zzz ... 
* its not confidential , I got potential ... * 
getting ready to go out ! 
sooo ... just came home and the garage door was open ... 
power and light tonight ! me and my sis got our costumes ready ! 
anyone who plays family feud on here - i could really use he greek god gaia . i've already bought everything for like weeks and apparently i can't win it ... so if anyone has an extra please please please send it to me , thank you . ps happy halloween 
been a while since I woke up this early on purpose 
you know you're on a diet when ... you are eating vegetables when you've been drinking 
if anyone on here plays cafe world and we are not already friends neighbors in it please add me , i need all the neighbors i can get ! ( ps i may be the only boring person that plays it haha ) 
is crossing her fingers ! 
peace out ! 
< PROPMALE > says sleep 
mmm tyku 
can't sleep , making pancakes ! 
is thankful for my health , family , friends , job , and good food ! and my 3 year old niece who called and left me a ' happy thansgiving ' message :) and my next niece or nephew on the way !! 
my mom said pener ... as in penis and weiner put together ... oh boy 
pie is amazing after a few ... mmmmm 
ugh four hours is def not enough after a night at work , I already dozed off ... yikes ! 
ugh earlier I was passing out at 830 and now I've woke up every couple hours and just layin here awake now ... 
cold gray day out , guess its time for a nap-ee ... 
waking up at 5 am on your day off is soooo not cool ... 
nap time ... 
mmm nap time ??? I'm thinkin so ... 
finally watching inception 
no energy ... early bedtime 
found out today that my older sister's baby is a girl , another niece , can't wait ! 
sooo why can't I sleep ? arg ... 
It's official , got the tickets for the Nutcracker , yay !! 
why do strangers have to ruin my day ? 
mmm early bedtime so I can finish some last minute christmas shopping tomorrow . so sleepy ... night 
this falling asleep early just to wake up 4 hours later inn the middle of the night is getting old ... 
ok so I'm a complete moron and bought tickets for the nutcracker on a day I'm scheduled to work ... seriously , who does that ?? 
sad she is missing the nutcracker ... enjoy my ladies ! 
hallelujah ! they overstaffed 8hsp and I'm going to the ballet after all !! peace !! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas early to me , got the night off work and made it to the ballet on time and thanks to the man who let me park without paying ! everything worked out and I'm in a much better mood ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas bc I'm up at work ! hope everyone has an enjoyable and safe holiday ! 
is this a full < PROPFEMALE > I see ? that explains last night ... 
pie for breakfast ? i say yes ! 
so full if chili and cornbread ... and I just found out my friend would do < PROPFEMALE > palin ... ew ... moving on hahaha 
just saw geese AND turkeys while leaving work 
I missed you so Zyrtec ! one night without you and I was falling apart ! 
is about to start season one of spartacus 
ugh I'm gonna need some ibuprofen after all that shoveling ... and on that note I think ill take a nap before work ... zzzz 
ugh my body feels like it was pummelled in my sleep ! really not looking forward to more snow shoveling ! at least I finished spartacus , mmm < PROPMALE > whilthoit 
ready to be offf work , think I'm gonna try to get an appt with a dr , bleh ... 
I need good vibes for my older sister and her baby . She is in the hospital . Please keep her in your thoughts . 
on my way to sc to be with my sister 
so far I have passed a drug search stop , a billboard saying ' never shake a baby , ' and a road sign for falling rock ( that's comforting to know , not ! ) 
has officially been awake for 24 hours now 
update : made it to sc in one piece . so far the baby is staying put and healthy . taking it one day at a time . please continue to keep them in your thoughts 
so contractions have returned and the baby has moved down and 4 cm dilated so it appears the baby might come after all , she can't make up her mind . here's hoping everything goes as well as possible 
watching my niece makes me realize I am not anywhere near ready for children ... at least not 3 year olds 
makayla < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 26 at 2300 , one lb eight oz , dr said she is stable at this time in the nicu 
went to see makayla again . she is doing better than expected . she had a blood transfusion last night and has not needed bp meds yet . she is still on the ventilator but does not need supplement oxygen and is trying to breathe on her own . the staff said she is in her ' honeymoon ' period and the next few days are critical but as of now she is doing well 
makayla is under bili lights now but still doing well otherwise 
< PROPFEMALE > will be discharged today and Makayla is still doing well . Ultrasound showed no bleeding in her brain and she will be getting a feeding tube today so she can get her gi tract working . 36 hours and still going strong ! Keep praying for her ! 
5 hour energy , blasting the ac , and jamming to lagy gaga 
made it home safely thanks everyone 
So Makayla had her second blood transfusion sat , her vs are good , and she is tolerating her feedings . Most important is she is well past the 48-72 hour < PROPFIRST > and hasn't had any < PROPMALE > complications . So now we just keeping taking a day at a time . keep praying for her , < PROPFEMALE > , and her family . thanks ! 
Makayla update - She has had another blood transfusion . The drs say this is common bc they have to take so much blood to test it that they usually have to replace it . She is also back under the bili light , but this is also common after getting the blood . Vicious but necessary cycle . The drs also heard a heart murmur so they are giving her meds to fix it . But momma said she is still doing fine otherwise ! yay ! 
so excited I made it home for the blizzard ... 
woke up earlier and still can't sleep grr ... 
thank you dad and lil sis for shoveling the driveway . now I can sleep in my own bed , yay ! goodnight 
ready for a couple nights of relaxation = sitting on my bum not doing a thing 
My sister told me Makayla opened her eyes for the first time today ! Wish I could have seen it ! Her tests still show no bleeding or abnormalities in her brain , yay ! 
makayla update - she is on a diff ventilator , got a picc line placed yesterday , and is now 1 lb 13 oz ! and < PROPFEMALE > sent me a video where she opened her eyes ! sooo cute ! so she is still doing great , keep prayin ! 
could really go for a positive change in her life right about now ... 
this old woman is going back to bed ... 
< PROPFEMALE > said Makayla has a staph infection :( ( I officially hate staph ) . Please keep her in your thoughts/prayers ! 
Thank you for my 4 hour EA , but please make it a 12 ! 
just heard the new lady gaga song ! can't wait for the next album ! 
so much for that , gotta go into work .. 
Makayla is 1 lb 14 oz , she is eating well , and they took her out of the humidified isolette today . < PROPFEMALE > said they are hoping she hits the 2 lb < PROPFIRST > this week ! Yay Makayla ! 
< PROPFEMALE > just told me the staph infection has mostly cleared up but now Makayla has pneumonia and she's having a bad day , just looking wimpy and her heart rate went low for a bit . She's on antibiotics and other meds and getting blood . Please pray for her !! 
just made some sesame chicken and fried rice ... mmm ... hungry girl recipe so I don't feel so bad about it ! 
mmm spumante for dessert ... 
I'm on the right track baby I was born this way 
Lil Makayla is still fightin pneumonia but is doing well otherwise per mommy . And she gets to eat again ! So glad :) 
so I just ran into this show , my strange addiction ... whoa 
I need some ______ healing 
I need sleep , goodnight ! 
not excited about hwys being closed and standstill traffic . just wanna be home ! 
makayla is still goin strong . < PROPFEMALE > said they are continuously feeding her now . she is really active so they are giving her a powder supplement in the milk to help her get more calories/gain weight . she is up to 2 lb 2 oz . pneumonia is clearing but still working on that . keep her in your thoughts/prayers ! 
you know what I may not have a man but I have myself , my friends , and my family . so I don't need you to feel better , its just an option 
Makayla is off the ventilator today ! She is on a cpap and doing well ! Yay !! 
can't sleep booooo ... 
Makayla is doing well on the cpap , only 25% oxygen , still eating well and is 2 lbs 5 oz , she will be 6 weeks tomorrow ( 29 weeks total ) . She is doing great and still very active . < PROPFEMALE > heard her cry for the first time too , yay to being off the ventilator ! 
Lil Makayla is now alternating between cpap and nasal cannula ! 2 lbs 9 oz ! < PROPFEMALE > is so excited ( as am I ! ) One more step closer ! 
Makayla is 7 weeks old ( 30 weeks gestation ) today . 2 lb 11 oz and 14 1/2 inches long . < PROPFEMALE > got to hold her for the first time last night , finally !! 
Makayla hit the 3 lb < PROPFIRST > today ! She is still doing very well . She switches from nasal cannula to cpap every 9 hours , but < PROPFEMALE > said she fights the cpap bc she likes the cannula better lol ! 
melting pot was amazing , now time for opera 
Today was a good day . Now goodnight . 
glad i have a couple days off ! but first , sleep 
Makayla is still doing great . < PROPFEMALE > said she is on nasal cannula all the time now and she has been moved to the intermediate section of the nicu . She is 3 lbs 8 oz as of now and was 8 weeks old last Wed ( 31 weeks ) . < PROPFEMALE > said a nurse told her she might get to go home at 36 weeks . Can't wait til May when we get to go back out there ! 
had a much needed day of relaxing as well as an amazing pedi . headin to bed early , working an extra day shift , gotta make that money ! night ! 
i guess i'll try to go to sleep like normal people do at night ! maybe i can enjoy my day off tomorrow fully rested ! haha , goodnight 
ugh why am I awake ?!? bc my body knows I have an early meeting ?!? ps does anyone know of something that gets rid of onion smell from your hands ?!? multiple washings isn't doing it and its been a day or two !! its starting to make me nauseous !! 
I hate mornings 
no hashbrown caaserole this morning , how depressing !! 
I just woke up from a disturbing dream where all my teeth were falling out ... makes me want to brush floss AND rinse right now ! but I'm still sleepy too ... 
Baby Makayla is now an even 4 lbs !! That brightened my night/day ! Now hopefully I can sleep without weird crazy dreams ... 
today is a great day ... now time to sleep 
all the noise , all the voices , never stooooooop !! <3 metric 
< PROPMALE > out with my mom and < PROPFIRST > earlier , good times , and now chillin with my sis , haven't got to do that in awhile either , yay 
man idk what the deal is , if I'm eating or drinking something weird before bed or what , but I just woke up from another freaky dream ... 
Makayla is 10 weeks old today . 4 lbs 3 oz . Still eating well and on nasal cannula . She has an eye dr appt tomorrow and depending on that she might have to have laser surgery on her right eye . Please continue to keep her in your thoughts/prayers . 
4 lbs 5 oz and no surgery as of yet , another eye dr appt next week . 
seriously ?? SERIOUSLY ?!? 
gets to leave work early ! too bad its 430 in the morning lol . oh well , more sleep for me ! 
I was just chased by chickens ... I'm sure anyone who saw that had a good laugh 
my 25th bday is the 18th , going out fri to pnl , sat possibly voodoo , anyone is welcome to join ! ah halfway to 30 , what's a girl to do ? 
did not miss the sound of lawn mowers and weed eaters ... ugh ... 
whoa ! wind ! 
just witnessed some sort of explosion that caused a power outage 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! now ... I must go to work , how exciting ! lol 
can't sleep and still no tv/internet ... this week has been exceptionally bleh for my bday ... 
royals game with all you can eat seats ... yeeeeesssss !! rain won't stop us !!! 
well , all of a sudden our internet and tv started working again . been out for over a week and when the ATT guy came out he said it was something he couldn't fix ... and now it's working ... so who knows , but i won't complain ! just hope it's permanent ! 
PLACE OF BIRTH !!! Everyone please play ... It will be interesting to find where all your FB friends and family were born .. Copy and paste , and at the end , put where you were born ....... Killeen , Texas 
I just accidentally stuck my finger in the middle of the ham bone ... sooooo grooooss !! 
stuffed and sleepy , night 
Baby Makayla is now 6 lbs 1 oz !! 
FINALLY got a new car . well technically tomorrow . so glad the search is over ! 
Received our first donation for Baby Makayla 4-29-11 . What an amazing feeling ! And I donated to March of Dimes ( which I can't participate in this year due to work :( boo ) thanks to < PROPFIRST > Wood's awesome craft-iness ! 
Baby Makayla is going home this week ! 
two more weeks until vacation and second south < PROPFEMALE > trip only this time with dad and < PROPFEMALE > . can't wait ! 
this is the only pic i have of my mom on here . it's old but it'll do ! 
someone had posted the commercial about bubbles with kittens in them , I finally saw the commercial and totally had ice cream cake today , mmm 
what a great day , goodnight 
ok so I try to be a responsible person and pay my car tax and look belton closed for < PROPMALE>'s bday . is that even a real holiday or w/e ?? psh 
ugh just had to write a check for $1833.92 ... 
feels blessed , and I don't usually say that ! received our third donation today , and 67 people viewed my website ! great way to end the night . time to get some sleep so I can work that extra day shift , then my three night stretch ! 
... today I don't feel like doing anything ... 
trying to nap in my car , not working 
that was def not worth half a days sleep ... but what can you do ? nothing ... 
this is gonna be a loooong night ... 
well finally some good news , I get to go home , hooray 
toe cramps are the worst . well maybe not the worst , but still 
can't sleep ... sometimes I dislike my night schedule 
could switching to geico really save you 15% or more on car insurance ? those commercials crack me up , and i think i just did ! $432 vs $608 with the insurance provider i've had for over 3 years ! and the exact same coverage . take that ! 
goodnight , time to get some sleep so we can get on the road early . hope the weather clears up by then 
another early morning . today has to be a better day . 
made it to < PROPFEMALE > safely by 1230 
really enjoying the family time/vacation . beach tomorrow . 
fabulous day . good company , good food , good times . goodnight 
supportmakayla.weebly.com, check it out if you haven't already ! updates upon return to missouri 
doesn't wanna leave tomorrow . really have enjoyed this time off and away with my fam . don't want to go back to reality ... 
sleepin in nashville . back on the road tomorrow . goodnight . 
finally got home at 6 tonight . tired of being in a car . I'm so flying from now on ( and I hate flying ) . 
goodnight . time to go back to reality tomorrow ... 
supportmakayla.weebly.com 
goosfraba ... 
sleepy ... 
needs new work shoes , owee 
if i waited for people to do their job correctly , my car would never get fixed ... woo-sa 
I am having a great night off . I just want everyone to know that ! ps I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
finally saw the new x-men ! 
good night with the sis :) 
supposed to take the car into the shop today if the car rental gets ok'd , if not then tomorrow , finally ... ps must have jinxed myself bc I have to work tonight and guess who decided to mow ... 
so ready to be off work and get this car in the shop ! 
so the car is finally in the shop and I must be spoiled bc I can't stand this < PROPFEMALE > soul , blech . good thing all I'm doing is working extra the next couple weeks . and now , goodnight 
just heard some vomiticious news lol 
slept three hours , been awake the past hour and a half . this extra day shift is gonna be rough ... 
its probably a good thing I only have one < PROPMALE > light lime in my fridge ... but it sure tastes good after a day like today ... 
overcome by sleep for the second time tonight , but this time I'm givin in . goodnight 
one more night ! 
I finally got my baby back , and she looks great ! :D ( just to clarify , I'm talkin about my car . no more < PROPFEMALE > soul !! ) 
I'm starting to get annoyed with people who work a 9-5 and can't leave a message when asked by someone who works nights . or work a minute later than when they are supposed to to get things done . but w/e , don't be placin blame on me ! 
well I'm gonna enjoy my holiday weekend one way or another ! 
I like the fourth as much as any other person , but I don't understand how so many people can be shooting off fireworks in my neighborhood . The way my luck is , a bottlerocket is gonna send my duplex up in flames . And why do complete strangers feel they have to ask if I have big plans ? Mind your own business and let me buy my groceries or gas or w/e without feeling like I have to < PROPFEMALE > a conversation with you . 
so give me something to believe , cuz I am livin just to breathe , and i need somethin more to keep on breathin for , so give me somethin to believe 
At SUNRISE , the BLACK FORTESS , will APPEAR , in the IRON DESERT ! 
happy fourth . and now , I sleep . goodnight ! 
my jaw is killing me . I need a dentist asap . 
curses to whoever threw my lunch and tupperware container away . seriously , could have waited a bit . perfect ending to a fabulous night-not 
I want a girl with a short skirt and a loooooong jacket . ps stand still traffic ? gay 
muse-undisclosed desires-awesome !! 
I love being out in the mornings to see the sun come up 
Finally went to the dentist ... cavity #2 :( and he confirmed I am grinding my teeth which is most likely why my jaw has been bothering me . So night guard it is . Have to schedule my next appointment , but first , to call my insurance . Oh joy . But still a good day . Hopefully it stays that way ! 
this waking up multiple times and way too early is getting old ... 
so i started a free trial of netflix and so far i'm not impressed . i wanted to watch it thru my wii and they don't have private practice , < PROPMALE > , and numerous other tv series i was looking forward to watching ... and i just heard they will be increasing prices . not sure if im gonna keep it now or not ... 
is getting very angry that my eyes seem to be rejecting the use of contacts all of a sudden since I've been wearing them si hs . i wore them one night to work and they were so stuck to my eyeballs I almost couldn't get them off and now it has irritated the right one again . I very much dislike glasses as every day use . 
everybody wish me luck 
mental health day ... ps I wish I had an alcoholic beverage right about now ... 
needed a pick me up , gettin my hair done ! 
not a lot of sleep today , early bedtime for this girl tonight ! 
gotta celebrate my stretch off with a good sleep ! night ! 
why am I awake ? oh yeah , bc I slept all day yesterday and all night ... guess I better get up an be productive 
I hate riding with other drivers . and other drivers in general . just fyi ! 
had a good weekend at the lake . extremely exhausted tho . time to crash . night fb 
H-O-T HOT ! 
too bad I work the one weekend its not over 100 degrees ! it feels so nice out compared to what its been 
tut tut , it looks like rain 
ok so I just woke up out of a deep sleep to some crazy sh ! t . hopefully I can get some more sleep or this is gonna be a long night ... 
You know how they say you shouldn't go grocery shopping when you are hungry ? Well you shouldn't go shoe shopping after being on your feet for 12+ hours . This may not be the most exciting tax free splurge , but I got 4 pair of tennis shoes and 1 pair of sandals for < $200.00 . My feet will thank me at work next week . now it's time for sleep since I've been awake since 2 pm yesterday . Night ! 
man I just slept for 12 hours . probably bc I only had ten in the past two days . now time to enjoy what's left of my day off . 
why won't this headache go away ? bleh ... 
time to get some much needed sleep and enjoy a much needed weekend off . ready for fam time at the lake . 
goin to the lake , no service , gotta enjoy the weekend cuz next week I'm workin 5 days ( weekend included ) . everyone have a good weekend !! 
mr sun , please stop waking me up in the seven o'clock hour every morning . thank you . ps , had the most messed up dream I've had in a long time . bleh . 
i dont like mornings ! 
four hour EA 
EA for the rest of the night , yay 
25 days til Chi-ca-go ! 
midnight cleaning complete . need a new vacuum tho . 
just booked our hotel ! ahhh ! 
That just happened 
man my allergies are really actin up 
I'm 4 weeks and craving < PROPFEMALE > jello ( what a bummer I got stuck with jello instead of reeses or something ) 
up 7 am yest , three hour nap , and here it is 7 am again . now time to sleep . benadryl/melatonin here I come ! 
one of them nights 
why does my body insist on waking up multiple times ? ugh . sleep !! 
4 hour EA . ill take it . 
12 hour EA already . Again , I'll take it . 
too late for a nap , too early for bed ... 
new phone . text or message me your name and number . thanks ! 
Hey all new phone/sim so text me your name/number if you want me to have it ! 
2.5 hours of sleep . Awake 2 hours . Too late for benadryl . This is gonna be a long night if I don't get back to sleep ... 
Why can't I just sleep ?!? :( 
This luggage for vacay is ridiculous ! But a girl's gotta be prepared ! 
Time to get some sleep so I can be up bright and early to head to chi-ca-go ! Vacay with my girls . Hoping everything goes smoothly . Keep us in your thoughts ! 
Ok we made it safe and sound . But traffic ? Oh boy . No more driving for me ! 
First day of sight seeing down . We walked ( p < PROPMALE > ially in the rain ) to the < PROPMALE > institute . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Gogh , Picasso , and more . Toured the < PROPMALE > Tower , which had glass floored areas , crazy . Survived my first city cab ride lol . Enjoyed an amazing dinner . Now to relax at the pool/hot tub . Gotta get rested tomorrow ! 
You know you have a great friend when she will perform surgery on your toes ( i.e. < PROPFEMALE > just popped my blisters ) . Now that's love lol ! :D 
I just slammed the door into my toe , so what was a semi drained blister has now been not only opened but dug deeper . Hideous ! 
The countdown begins . Many great plans for today ! 
And on that note , goodnight ! 
Yesterday was another day well spent . Sirens sessions in the morning , afternoon snack of Chicago hot dog and cheese fries at portillo's , enjoyed the fountains and parks and window shopped a bit , dinner at buca di beppo , then out on the town at excalibur . Hilarious dj's and mostly good music . Today we are heading to the aquarium . Have to skip the zoo due to weather :( Then dinner in the Hancock tower at the signature room on the 95th floor . 
Filet < PROPFEMALE > , African lobster , whipped potatoes , green beans with pecans and bacon , and to top it off , white chocolate panna cotta . Heaven ! 
Chicago deep dish pizza at Uno's . Yum ! Couldn't even eat the whole individual size pizza lol . 
Up and getting ready to get back out on the road . Sad vacation is ending , but it's been fun while it lasted . 
Home , safe and sound 
Sleeeeeeepyyyyyyyt 
About to murder Facebook . I've never had this much trouble with photo albums before ! 
so glad i slept the day away ... not ! oh well ... 
Why can't I sleep this good on the days I'm supposed to work ? Hmm ... oh well . 
Sitting at home on a Friday night ... Boring ! But this girl is broke and unmotivated . Guess I'll be picking up some extra shifts here pretty soon ! 
just turned on Gaga and now I'm in the mood for a dance party ! hmm ... 
Just put a roast with potatoes , carrots , and onion in the crock pot . Mmm , can't wait . But now back to sleep for a couple more hours ... 
Ugh , woke up with a headache and nauseous ( and no , I wasn't out drinking last night , I worked . This is legitimate , haha ) bleh 
