I have had a very different weekend ... Life is still good ... 

Whats up everyone ?!?!?! I am super bored !!!!! 
Camping time yet again !!!!! 4 days of nothing but family !!!! Excitment is in the air !!! 
Tennis today !!! Finally !!! 
Well , bored again .... Don't know what to do ... Maybe , food time .. 
I think this is the first time I actually wore a hat all day ... 
Craaaaaaaap !!! This is to early to be up . I need to go back to sleep . Ha ! Screw that . I am going to go and drink me a good old Dr. Pepper !!!!! Frajkor+ Dr. Pepper = : ) 
So yea , played tennis yesterday ... Sucked terribly ... Then played this college kid in a set , and went complete beast mode on him !!!! 
Hmmmm . What to do ... 
Federer vs . Roddick !!! Wimbledon finals !!!! I think Federer will win in 4 sets ... 
My typical day : Eat -- Only when i want to .. Sleep -- only when I need to .. Tennis -- When the time comes , you'll see .. Hangin out with Friends -- All day , everyday !! Had to save the best for last !! 
Federer is a beast . What a great match he and Roddick had , though ... 
I feel like doing something different and exciting tomorrow !!!! 
Played COD for the first time in a long time ... I still own at that game !! 
Thinkin of playing some tennis today !! 
Well , there went my tennis idea ... But tomorrow i am definately playing some hardcore tennis !!! 
Just got through beating coach in a tie breaker . I am getting close to making our records tied . My win/lose record against him is now .... 1/about 50 . I am getting there !... 
Hmmm .... I am wondering what to do on my very last day of being 16 tomorrow ???? 
1 day to go !!! 
Finally !!! My birthday has come !!!! 17 again !!! wait ... what ? No . That's a movie , i think . I mean 17 finally !!! 
Hmmm ..... What to do now ...? 
Today is not going like i planned ... But i guess a terrible day is better than just sitting back and doing nothing ... But what do i know ..? 
About to go play some tennis . Then i am going camping for 3 days . Then back for more tennis !!!!! 
My life story : Woke up . Ate some taco's . Now here i am ... 
Beasty at Halo today . But the day is still young ... 
So ... Tennis to start off the day . Tennis in the middle of the day ... Then food ... Now ... HALO TIME !!!!!! 
So , i cut up my arm today . Playing tennis .. It is a very dangerous sport , for me anyway . Cuts , Bruises , broken arms !!! I love this sport !!! 
I am really sore . To much outside action in the past week . Need to take a break . 
Well ... Not much to say about today ... 
I am bored out of my mind right now ... I need to do something ... 
So , i have gone this entire day without eating . Then I got home . 5 hot dogs later ... Still hungry ... 
About to go out and play some more tennis !! My life is a joy !! Tennis tennis tennis tennis , and sometimes food ... Ahhh ... Talk to me people ... 
Tennis was fun , as usual . Last day of class tomorrow !! I am so thrilled !!!! 
I want to go play some tennis , but i need to help my sister move out .... There is too much to do in so little time ... 
Well , it took 20 minutes . But there went my plans for the day . Time to go and move some junk ... 
So I just got back from moving some unbelievably heavy furniture ... Up a narrow flight of stairs for an apartment ... It was not fun ... Your welcome < PROPFEMALE > !! 
YES !!! Another exciting day of moving junk !!! No matter who it is , I am always the one in my family stuck helping someone move . Again , I am not looking forward to it . And this time it is a < PROPFEMALE > size bed ... 
So today wasn't that bad ... Tennis again tomorrow .. It has been so long since i last played !!!! I mean 2 days is a long time , right ???? 
I feel so much better than yesterday ! And now it is the best time of the day ! FOOD TIME !!!!!! 
So I haven't decided if i am going to practice today ... I need to decide soon though ... 
So i am doin ' some homework ... Really bored ... 
So .. Yea ... That's my life ... 
Tennis Match Tomorrow !!! At Poteet !!! Everyone needs to come and watch !!! It starts at 4 . 
What a day ... 
Today was a good day . Tomorrow should be even better . If all goes as planned ... 
Hmmm .... What's on my mind . Oh , the same as usual ... shocker ... 
YES !!! no more homework . Now it is time for halo !!! WOOT !!! Wait I need to eat first . I am thinking about meatloaf ... yes . that is exactly what i am going to have . 
Time for some pizza , then going to Ro's to play some ODST !!! 
So today was awefull !!!!! An absolutely terrible day for tennis . I epically failed . Now I am gonna do what I do best , Shake it off and move on !!!! 
So .. another epic tennis match . Even though the hangin out with friends was the best part . 
So I want to play some tennis today . 
I love the fact that I procrastinate and I know that I'm gonna do it . English paper rough draft due in 2 days !!! 4 1/2 pages to go !!! ( Tomorrow , that is ... ) 
Ahh ... And I am still procrastinating ... 
Tomorrow is going to be a very interesting day . I have a lot to get done ... 
So playin the state champ was fun . But now i see that i have a long way to go in a short period of time ... 
Working on finding me a college . Hopin to find a good one . 
So , I am about to go to Forney . Need to eat food ... That's my life right there .... 
So , I lost in the semi's of the CMZ . But I played well . Ready to come back and play that Rockwall tournament this Friday !!! 
So , I need to read my book ... haha ! yea right ! 
Me + book = fail !!! Plus senior junk due tomorrow ! = me with no money ... sad day :( 
Tennis tournament tomorrow ! Can't wait ! Gonna own some fools !!! 
Epically sore today ! That Texas gymnastics place was still amazing though . 
So turkey day was amazing !! Food , food , and nothing but food !!!! Can't get much better than that !!! Now we have loads of leftovers ... Roulan , I will bring you some turkey . 
So today was interesting . tennis was fun .. not much else to say ... 
So , today should be fun !! 
Tennis tournament tomorrow !!! It is gonna be cold ... And it might rain ... Yup ..... 
After not playing tennis for like 3 weeks . I ended up winning the tournament . Thanks < PROPMALE > , I appreciate you injuring < PROPMALE > y for me !!! It's all cuz of you ... lol 
Sweet !!! Tennis time is about to start again . Tournament this weekend . Going to be exciting !!! 
I hope it's cold on saturday !!! I am ready to play no matter what the condition !!!! 
Who's ready to go outside and play some epic tennis ?? I AM !!!!!! And I am also ready to play in this freaking cold weather !!!!!!! Frozen hands .... frozen face .... awe man I can't wait !!!!!!!!!! 
Won that consolation bracket ! Woot !!! Played a great match to finish it off with . I'll take you down < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
Me + injured = FOOD TIME !!!! YAY !!! 
My ankle is so sore from yesterday !! oh well ... 
I can't play tennis for about a week . My should has basically blown itself up from the inside ... I don't know how , but somehow this is Brads fault . 
Epic pain . Arm hurting for absolutely no reason ... Sad day ... :/ 
Well ..... tonight marks the last official night of the first theatre production i've been involved in . Those people are amazing !! I have had a blast working with all of you !! This next week is going to be hard trying to find out how to spend my time . Hmmmmm ...... I wonder what's next ......... 
Arm sore ... never completely healed and the taking apart of the Set didn't help it any . This is going to be a long season . 
My pain = My strength ... Injured arm = the best tennis of my life ! Somehow it works out that way . Time to feel the burn !!!!! 
Backflips tomorrow !!! Can't wait !!! 
Backflip time . WOO !! 
Feeling hardcore sick .... Not sure about the tounament on thursday .... :/ 
I have some new set back concerning my physical health every week ... sad day ... 
I am really in the mood for gengis grill ... 
oh no !!! time to spend more money ... Aquatic time !! 
So last night I dominated !!! Pretty happy about that . 
So ... time for homework ...... nah , Sit back and do nothing !!! 
WOOT !!! No school tomorrow !!! Tennis tournament !!!! 
Well , second place to the great < PROPMALE > Bohrnstedt again . But i played amazing !!! 
I want to eat something but don't know what !! Hmmm ....... 
You sit and wait , but nothing seems to change ... 
An epic next few months start tomorrow !!! Start off with a tennis tournament , then spring break then April which is gonna be full of excitement !!! 
I am so tired for absolutely no reason ... 
Just got back from TJC . Their campus looks incredible !! 
Well getting first place was a good change !!! Even though it was a small and easy tournament .... Except for < PROPMALE > who put up a fight . 
So , epic match i we had today . Sure wish I would've played !!! 
District Champ 2-years straight !! WOOT !!! 
Tomorrow is going to be a long day ... 
So waking up at 8 yesterday morning , 2 2-hour tennis matches , rushing to get ready for prom , getting like 3 and 1/2 hours of sleep to wake up at seven this morning , then another 3 2-hour tennis matches = Me being epically tired and sore ... Everything caught up eventually ... :( 
So today was full of disappointments ... Hope tomorrow goes better . 
Finally back to school tomorrow ... Not looking forward to it ... :( 
So I never relized how many things I eat with cheese until it got to the point where I can't eat it ... :( 
So today was pretty bad . Like yesterday but , worse . Because today my stomach is in pain ... Sad day ... 
So , I officially hate living in Forney ... :( 
Bored out of my mind ... as usual ... 
I wish it was saturday already ! 
Awesome !!! Another fail for living in Forney !!! That's twice this week .... * epic sigh * 
So my phone wanted to be retarded and not let me text or call anybody for the last 30 minutes ... I hate my phone ......... 
so bored . 
is saying good-bye to soda , for a while anyway . 
First full day in forever that I haven't had a soda . I am so proud of myself .. But yet I can't help think of why I did this in the first place ... 
Day 3 of no soda ... Look at me go !!! 
Today was a good day . Burned my face though ... Sunscreen would have helped . Oh well 
GREAT !! English paper due tomorrow ... too bad i'm still gonna procrastinate ( and by that I mean not doing it at all ) ... 
Well that Honors thing was interesting ... 
Finally things are not happening every single day . Starting tomorrow that is ... 
So the last day of b day tennis was great . Played for about 30 seconds ... had to sit inside for like 30 minutes ... and got to go home early ! What a day !!! 
So i'm up to slide 65 for my powerpoint ... Sad day . 
There has been a fly flying around my head for the past hour and it won't leave . I swear !! It waits for me to type !! 
Going to play for the < PROPFIRST > coach on Friday !! Hopefully I am good enough to reserve a spot on the team for myself .... :/ 
Tomorrow is the time to crank things up a couple notches !! Go from beast ... to MEGA BEAST mode !! haha 
So i'm really tired from last night . But I don't want to sit in and do nothing tonight . Need to do something .... 
It's surprising how much one day can change your whole perspective of everything . Yesterday made a huge difference ... 
Last day was pretty boring . 
Fun , fun !!! About to get ready for the graduation practice !! Haha , yea right ... :/ 
Time for he rest of my life ... 
Not as sore as i thought i would be from yesterday . 
So playing tennis today kinda made me feel like a failure . Well , all except my serves that is ... 
Braums today !! 
Why is it that every time I do something good in this family , someone finds something wrong with it ??? 
So ... What to do today ...? 
So i got up really early this morning for absolutely no reason ... 
I wanna play some tennis ... 
I'm so sore ... I needs to do something today though . Don't wanna be bored . 
I've picked my eating habits back up !!! Time to start living again ... one meal at a time !!!!! 
If you only knew .... 
Red Lobster = Greatness 
< PROPFIRST > Isner and < PROPMALE > Mahut have earned incredible respect ! They beasted it up out there and they are still not finished ! 10 hours ! 3 days ! History has been made !!!!! 
Hats off to Mahut and a huge congrats to Isner !!!! 70-68 in the fifth ... What a match ! 
So ... I am playing tennis a lot now .. Feels just like the old days . XD 
Yay for intense sunburn on my back and shoulders yesterday , then some tennis today !!! Life doesn't get much better than that . 
Sweet !! First tournament in forever !! 
Time for a wonderful family vacation !! South Padre better get ready ... 
The family trip has gone great so far . =D Needs some unexpectedd event to occur so we will remember this for a while . Nothing bad of course ... 
Two expensive restaurants then finally to Whataburger . Five minute firework show .. Fire alarm in our building going off at 2:30 in the morning waking everyone up ... Then some retard trying to kick me out of the bed ( Mathieu ) ... It was still a fun night though . 
So on our way back from South Padre Island we got stopped by Border Patrol . Thats right !!! Border Patrol ! Haha ! Then a 10 hour drive to finally get home . :) 
I get so paranoid when my mom cuts my hair with scissors ... She cut my ear once and i never forgot it . But on the bright side , I got a hair cut finally !! :) 
\We all have something that digs at us ... \"" 
I feel like such a failure !! My game is based around my serves . But i can't seem to find them anymore ... Sad face 
Sad day ... Tennis helped pick it back up though , even if i didn't play that great . Oh well .... Life still goes on . 
Headaches are not fun ... 
So tomorrow ... Everything will change ... 
Well ... Moved in and ready too go , alomst . Minus a few things but its pretty close . 
Hmmm ... What to do now ... 
These days are so long ... 
Goin to see the expendables with the team tonight . Things are lookin good for us now ! Go Apache's!!!! 
Sweet action !!! 8 o'clock class is already dismissed . I think we stayed like 10 minutes and she said to leave . Mega happy face . Need to enjoy this while it lasts . 
Me and Hamface played some good tennis today . :D 
Maybe i should have practiced over the summer instead of sitting home watching tv ... 
Buffalo wild wings for the win !!!! 
I just love the days that i die a little in tennis practice . Oh wait ! That's every day . I get more and more sore as the week continues . Crying face !! 
I miss home . And by that i mean < PROPFIRST > . 
I hate when i play tennis and i miss-hit the ball . So thats basically all the time . Sad day 
So the tennis work-out murdered my arms today . Yup ... Life story right there ... 
Going to Genghis Grill tonight with the team . Enough said ... 
I should stop spending my money ... 
Maybe ... just maybe its coming back . 
Mmmmmm !!! I'm eating fresh right now !! Thats right ! Subway for the win . :D 
2 burgers and some Ramen for dinner . It's been a good day . 
Me + shoulder problems = Doctors visit soon ! This does not make me a happy faced person . 
About time i do some homework . 
Ok . By far the easiest homework ever . 10 minutes to do an assignment and take a online quiz ... 
So dancing in front of people ... Yea Team TJC for the win !! 
I wish my essay would write itself . It's like nothing has changed , I still wait until the day before it is due to write it ... Ahhh ... procrastination .... 
I want some whataburger ... Hmmmm .... Spend what little money i have or do the smarter thing and save it ... 
BOOOOOOMMMM !!!! Just like that , my math is done !!!!! This makes me a mega happy faced person ! 
What a productive day . I gots me a job !! And to my liking , it is at the tennis courts . Just like my manager position . My life sure is centered around tennis ... 
I'm so tired and it's so early ... 
If only i did my work in the daylight ... 
I hate my right shoulder . It makes me want hit a tennis ball .. But wait , i'm right handed . So it would hurt . Sad day ... 
Why was today such a bad day ?? It's sad because it can still get worse . 
So today's tennis was better than yesterday . Still need to work things out and try to keep the pain in my shoulder to a minimum ... 
Just got done watching The Siege in english class . 
I gots myself a webcam ! 
So we are watching tennis channel and there was a commercial on for womens tennis . \ 
Commercial : Are you looking for a hero ? \ 
< PROPFIRST > Olbrich : No ! It's womens tennis ... \ 
lol 
Finally back in < PROPFIRST > ! It was a long drive and now i am extremely tired . Got through < PROPFEMALE > Barber's friend yelling at me telling me she would beat me up . 
Talking to my wonderfully amazing wife , < PROPFEMALE > Barber , on skype !! My day is now complete ! :) 
It's like 10 degrees outside !! I hate it !! 
I wish it could be , but sadly , I don't see it getting the < PROPMALE > ... 
What amazing Tv show is coming on tonight that Roulan Fornelius Ceniza won't be able to see right away ??? 
Math test tomorrow !!!! Whose gonna study ? \ 
Not this guy !!! \ 
Whose gonna dominate this test ??? \ 
This guy !!! 
So big math test today . I got up early , ate breakfast , and was completely ready to get it over with .. What happens ? \ 
Teacher : I haven't printed them up yet , so you are free to go . \ 
JOY !!!! 
Two more days ... 
I just love going to a test completely unprepaired . \ 
Me being unprepaired + Kinesiology Unit test = 97 !!!! 
I wish i had some food . Maybe if i wasn't so lazy then i'd get up and go to the cafeteria ... 
OOOOOHHHHHHH MMMMMYYYYYYYY GOOSHHHHH !!!!!!!!!! MY ROOMMATE IS BLASTING HIS MEXICAN MUSIC !!!!!!!!!! HELP ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Sleep time is fun time .. 
Today was fun ! Even though I am tired enough to kill roulans cat ... 
Why am i still awake ???? 
Still a maybe ... 
This is possibly the worst day in history ... For me ... If it's not one thing , then it's the other ... 
It's funny how the day started off so bad and ends just the same . Terrible ... :/ 
AAAAHHHHHH !!! This bug bite on my hip is driving me crazy !!!!!!! 
Done with classes for the day ... 
So bored ... 
I think i messed everything up ... :/ 
TV time .. That's right !! It's tuesday . I only wish i had some snacks ... 
Text me ... I have nothing to do ... 
About to make myself a delicious sandwich . :) 
I finally remember why i play tennis . It took a while but I remember now ... 
Just had an epic day of < PROPFIRST > Kart with the guys . What can i say ... I'm just a beast !! 
April Downing is so lucky I am such a good friend . I actually had to take notes and pay attention in history for the first time ... 
Think of the greatest feeling you've ever had . The one that words cannot describe . That's how I feel right now after Roulan Fornelius Ceniza and I played the best tennis of our lives ! 
Just pulled the best move ever !! I was out front with some taco < PROPFEMALE > in my hands then started searching my pockets for my card key to open the door . \ 
Then this black guy came up and said did you forget your key . \ 
I said i think so .. \ 
As he was opening the door for me , i found it hanging around my neck ... \ 
:/ 
I am wondering why so many people think ? ric < PROPFIRST > Hamface and I look like brothers ... 
Maybe if it wasn't raining so hard , my only pair of shoes wouldn't have drown in a puddle ... In the middle of the street ... 
Why am I so fat ?? 
Hardest workout of my life !!! 
I hate English !!! Just thought I'd throw that out there .. 
Time to head back to Forney ! Just stallin til i have to make the 1 1/2 hour drive back to < PROPFIRST > ... Life stories are great !!! 
I love knowing that I have to wake up early for workout ! It just makes me happy ! ( hopefully you catch the sarcasm ) 6:00 is too early ... 
Maybe I could buy things if I wasn't so poor ... 
Left thigh hurting ... So tired ... Tennis in about an hour ... I love this kinda day !! XD 
It needs to be friday at 10:00 a . m .... 
New jacket ! Showin that Apache pride now !!! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > needs to prepair himself for December 26 . The day that Team Darkstar unites to declare themselves Cotton Bowl champions !!! 
Got 100% on my 15 question test today . It brings joy to my life when it only took me 2 minutes and 4 seconds ... lololololol 
Just realized that the store outside the cafeteria reminds me of a minature wal-mart .. 
Haha ! I like how we started talking again . ;) 
It's all about no workout in the morning !! 
I just love running out of gas while pulling into a McDonalds . Luckily I'ma beast and was able to cruise into a parking spot and park perfectly !! :DDDDD 
Maybe if I could taste my food this week would be better ... Instead it keeps getting worse !!! Stupid medicine . AAAHHHHHH !!!! Now I have to go and sit through history while i stare blankly at the wall ... 
I am one bad day of tennis away from just quitting this sport for good ... 
Food ..? I'm thinking ... < PROPFEMALE>'s . Ahhhh ... Junk food is so good . Especially when i don't gain weight when eating it ! :DDDD 
I hate it when I let my math homework pile up until the day it's due ... 
Study time !! 
Too many sick people ... 
< PROPMALE > and his Spartacus ... And i thought I spent too much time watching movies and junk lke that ... Haha jk 
Only a few days left ... Then one full week off ... Hopefully . 
Sushi for the first time tonight .. It was an interesting experience . 
So ... After falling asleep at 1:20 ish , then getting woken up at 2:30 by 5 cops busting into my room ( and everyone else's in the hall ) , and being bored to death in class ... I think today will be a good day . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > = Legend !! 
Got my tailgate put on today ! :DD <-------- Happy face 
Almost time to head back to school for just 1 night . Then comin back home tomorrow ! 
It's all about leaving your dorm key in < PROPFIRST > and then finding alternate ways to get in your room !! :DDD 
Pirate football for the win !!! We are gonna go all the way !! :DDD 
I hate how it feels like a horror film when i go in the bathroom at night . The lights flicker so bad its rediculous !! Just thought i'd let everyone know . (: 
Too much time and not enough to do ... Hmmm .... 
What an easy way to make 10 points on a test . :D 
It's all about studying for the final , turning the computer on to research , then ending up on facebook . :D 
Good pizza break with the guys . Now back to studying .. :/ 
If I had a quarter for every final I've finished , I'd have 1 quarter . 
Hhmmmm .... Need to find work during my break ... 
I just LOVE how my first oponnent in the cotton bowl is the 18 year old who is #1 in Texas and #16 in the nation ! FML ... I mean , YAY !!! 10 minute matches for the win ! 
Just played a 3 hour and 15 minute firefight match on Halo : Reach with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hamel 
Well i turned that 10 minute match into 45 minutes !! :DDD 
The return to < PROPFIRST > and start of a new semester at good ol ' TJC this coming monday ... I can hardly wait !! 
At least i am still a cancer .. Thats all that matters . ( Gemini is stupid)\ 
Roulan Fornelius Ceniza < PROPFIRST > Mathis Powell 
What is better than a bag of BBQ chips , while on facebook , watching the Aussie open ??? 
I love when people stand right in front of me and speak spanish , while i am sitting down at my computer desk ... 
So last night was fun . Wish I could do that more often . 
Inception .. Best movie ever ! 
Arms ! 
\We could all use a little squeeze now and then\ " .... I love taco < PROPFEMALE > packet quotes . This is my favorite by far !!! " 
So the same spot on the back of my hand has been itching for aboot 6 or so hours ... It's driving me crazy ! 
I just now realized that i am constantly rubbing the back of my head because my hair-cut . 
It's all about the alarm clock going off after it was unplugged while the power is out . 
Creo que es hora para mí de aprender español para que yo pueda entender lo que la mitad < PROPMALE > equipo siempre está hablando . ( I hope this is right ... ) 
Snowing pretty hardcore outside ! I hope this makes the school get canceled tomorrow ! 
Another interesting night with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hamel , Roulan Fornelius Ceniza , and ME ! Movies that make no sence FTW ! 
Wishing I was still asleep right now ... 
Funny how doing the same things here gets old , but while doing the same things in Mesquite never does ... 
I forgot how good Red Jumpsuit Apparatus is . 
So i feel like i broke my back in June of last year . Oh , wait ! That wasn't me ... < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
So i guess i will play COD for a few hours and around 10ish i will start my homework . 
So i just figured out today that \3 pieces of pizza do make half a taco . \"- Roulan Fornelius Ceniza " 
Food or English paper ? Hmm .... Food hands down ! English CAN AND WILL wait . 
It's all about < PROPMALE > Lopez Gaitan singing a < PROPFIRST > bieber song ... Haha My roomie is so weird . 
Woke up\ 
\Appreciated art\ " in class ( or slept 
So much homework to do with ... \ 
My attention span is so short I couldn't even think of anything clever to put at the end of that sentence . 
Ok ... Done with everything except the 4-5 < PROPFEMALE > history paper . But that can wait until tomorrow night . 
Gotta love college . I left my backpack in the Cafeteria for 1 1/2 hours , then went back and got it . The best part ... it didn't get moved at all . 
I love it when i get these random jolts of confidence for tennis . But ... this is usually about the time that I will get injured in some way . Hmmm ... :/ 
I feel like my shoulder will implode if I make a wrong move ... 
OH YEA !! Time to start that 4-5 < PROPFEMALE > history paper that is due tonight ! I have procrastinated long enough . 
AHhhh ... 2 pages down , hopefully just 2 to go ! Why is history so uninteresting ? 
After 3 weeks of suffering with no way to drive myself around , I finally got my truck back !!! I am very happy faced right now ! =D 
\You don't need a measuring cup for Ramen Noodles ! \ " \ 
Don't you just love the times when you get back to your room and there is a whataburger cup in your trash , and the sweet tea that was in it , is all over your floor and filling the bottom of your trash can ? >:( 
So ... My project is due at 8:30 in the morning . I think I have procrastinated enough . Time to get started . :/ 
So my computer wont start up ... I guess I will be doing my homework right here in the tennis class room .. 
So I borrowed this computer to do homework and somehow .... I ended up on facebook . 
Just when I thought life couldn't hate me more ... My truck didn't get fixed properly , so I am afraid to drive it . \ 
Lost my confidence in my truck and I lost the use of my computer .. What else could go wrong ? 
I am so glad that I could make < PROPFEMALE > Leitz and < PROPFEMALE > Saldana laugh while I was desperately looking for some bread . 
I love it when the dumbest of things make me wanna destroy everything !! This stupid treadmill DOES NOT want to be put together !! Daahhhhh !! :'( 
New ( used ) radio installed in my truck . Now off to tennis . What a day so far !! :D 
Just put in 34 votes . I cant wait till 4 o'clock to put them in again ! 
If you are looking to vote for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , he is no longer at < PROPFEMALE > 29 . He is on < PROPFEMALE > 30 at rank 14 !! Keep voting to keep him there . 
We are all praying for you kiefer . 
Last nights trip back to < PROPFIRST > seemed like the longest trip I have ever been on . Still praying for you Kiefer . R.I.P. 
I feel as though it is a little easier knowing that they found you Kiefer . R.I.P. 
So I am completely zoned out of things this week because I have walked into the same branch , that hit me in the face , 3 times in 3 days ... 
7 weeks left ? I think so . Then let the summer begin . 
Me+tired = bed time .. nuff said . 
I hate it when my hand gets stuck in a pringles can while I am trying to get the chips at the bottom .. 
4 rackets strung today . 3 more tomorrow .. Can't wait . 
Way to pick up your phone Roulan Fornelius Ceniza !!!! Ya big jerkface ! 
Good past two days . Wish every day was like these two ... 
Ok ... Biggest decision of the day !! \ 
What should I get for dinner ?? \ 
Starving kid+ indecisive = not good ... 
Little Ceasars it is . Thanks for the inspiration .. 
It needs to be Friday already ... 
How did this happen ? \ 
I had so much and now I have nothing . \ 
Now I need to find something to fill this void ... \ 
Maybe next time I will bring more than 2 Dr. Peppers back with me so I won't be stuck with just water .... :( 
I made a gooftard in the bathroom today . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Frajkor 
I love it when I set my food on the table and then try to sit down but my seat slides out from under me and I fall to the ground . 
Played some pretty sick tennis today . Even more sore now than I started off at the beginning of the day . :( 
There goes my roommate and his singing < PROPFIRST > Beiber songs again ... * mega sigh * 
So after stringing 5 tennis rackets , helping < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hamel with his introduction paragraph , and being tired .. I am going to bed . 9 
On the bright side of life .. I finally used the ' . com ' button on my phone for something . :D 
Who finally got their computer back ?? THis guy !!! 
So I am pretty sure I just broke my middle finger . Stupid football !! 
I am < PROPFEMALE > bored right now . It's like you don't even know !! 
