is pretty much living an amazing life :) 

will be gone the next three weeks in Haiti and out west , so I will see everyone on July 4th :) 
home :) 
was pleasantly surprised this morning ... 
has been EXTREMELY lazy the past couple of days ! 
just ran 7.2 miles ... HECK YES ! 
wow ! 
pretty much loves her section :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and I made All State Choir !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Can you tell I am excited !?!?!?! 
had a very successful trip !!! 
is freaking out for college , what else is new ? 
GOOD LUCK AT STATE < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , AND OF COURSE < PROPFIRST > !!!!! YOU WILL ALL BE AMAZING !!!! :) 
last night was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING !! I am so glad I am friends with you girls !!! :) 
oh golly , I'm actually getting college applications done , who knew this would come !?!?! 
so next week is only a 2 day week !!!!! I know that I may be jumping the gun a bit , but I am just SO EXCITED !!!! 
come to the play tonight at 7 and Saturday at 3 and 7 ! And please pray for me I'm hoping for a really good scholarship ! 
TGIF ! Kind of ... :) 
has a lot to be thankful for :) 
I AM HAVING AN AWESOME NIGHT WITH THE MOST WONDERFUL FRIENDS ANYONE COULD HAVE !!!!! HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE !! ( Oh and by the way < PROPFEMALE > is the bestest friend in the world !!! ) 
Honestly , probably one of the best nights of the entire year :) I love my friends :) < PROPFEMALE > Wolters < PROPFEMALE > Hogenkamp < PROPFIRST > Langenkamp < PROPFEMALE > Homan < PROPFIRST > Obringer and of course ridiculous phone calls that are taken oh so well by < PROPMALE > Schroeder :) EPICNESS ! 2011 , here I come :) 
anyone have Inception that I could borrow for tomorrow after coffee house ?! 
this is funny :) 
NERVOUS !!!!!!!!!! 
will be home Saturday night , hopefully .... 
just drove 1,150 < PROPMALE > in two days , yes , ridiculous !!! 
busy , busy , busy ... Scholarships are not fun to do when you know there are so many smarter people and better writers in your grade , what's the point ? Oh yeah , keep the parents happy and at least try .... 
really can't wait for the cd to come !! 
RECIEVED HER ALL-STATE CHOIR CD TODAY !!!! ITS AMAZING !!! :) 
spent her night with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , great night ! 
had a wonderful Saturday night ! and Sunday morning ... :) 
loves getting cancelled because of fog and then being a senior so you don't have to make it up :) :) 
is just plain happy :) 
really likes those days that you just want to smile constantly , even when people are driving you bonkers ! :) 
can't believe her NET interview is Friday and that she is packing for it now !!!! Now is the time for nervousness , but even more , the EXCITEMENT !!!!!!! 
is home ! :) 5 hour drive , but honestly it felt short :) time flies when you're having fun ? I guess so ! 
knows that it is out of my control . I trust You , I do ! 
is SO happy that her brother and sister are going to be in Ohio ! :) Congratulations < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
loves being happy , even when it's confusing :) 
wants these next three weeks to FLY by !!!! PLEASE !?! 
is wow , really , really tired , but a good tired ! Good job on the musical tonight everyone ! Please come watch us tomorrow at 2 or 7 !!!! :) 
is weird , and is okay with that :) 
only the people that matter can hurt you , and that is so bittersweet ... 
has one day left of high school , that's a weird exciting thought :) Then I just have to get through a couple of months and it will be time for new :) :) 
is so excited because its SUMMER !!! 
loves those people that just make you love life and thank God for all of His beautiful blessings :) Thank you so much for the party tonight , it was perfect , I can't imagine anything better :) 
is completely done with thank you cards ! :) So now it is time to pack and then leaving for PANAMA !!! :) 
Youth group tomorrow is at my house ! It starts at the regular 7:30 time and we are watching Avatar ! 
had way too much fun teasing < PROPFEMALE > relentlessly , I'm sorry dear , you know we love you !! :) 
is so excited for this weekend ! And I just ate wonderful taco < PROPFEMALE > and made some very delicious cookies :) I am just one very happy person ! :) :) 
Is on her way back from Hocking Hills and it has been a blast ! Now home for wedding and back up tomorrow !! :) 
29 hours until MO :) :) 
13 hours until we're off to Missouri :) 
wow ... I never thought that I would enjoy the retreat as much as I did ! God is a pretty cool guy :) 
light the fire , in my weary soul , fan the flame , make my spirit whole , Lord you know , where I am , light the fire in my heart again :) :) :) :) 
Indescribable , uncontainable , You placed the stars in the sky and You know them by name . You are amazing God ! 
is a frog and likes flies :) Thank you Mister Tinker , you are an awesome clown ! :) 
man oh man , I am SO tired and it isn't even eight o'clock , time for a good book and then sleep :) 
is leaving for vacation tonight and is going to have a wonderful time at Rice Lake hopefully ! :) Then it is one week of packing and last minute things and college in 2 weeks !!!!!! :( :) 
loves campfires , and everything that comes with them :) :) :) 
3 days ... 
HATES scams !! Don't waste my time !!!! 
at UD :) 
thinks college really isn't too awful :) 
7 days ! I absolutely can't wait !!!!!!! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
6 days !!!!!!!! :) 
is so ridiculously excited for 5 days from now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :) :) :) :) 
today's been good and this week it is going to get better ! :) 4 days ! 
2.5 days !! I am really starting to like college ! :) 
loves fall ! What a beautiful day to be comfortable in jeans and a t-shirt or sweatshirt ! :) :) 
\God has assigned as a duty to every man the dignity of every woman\ " -JPII\ 
had a wonderful weekend ! Too bad it is over and now it is another whole month ... :( 
should be reading philosophy ... :( oh well ! :) 
thinks psychology is great ! She is teaching us to trick our future children to eat more vegetables and less dessert . Oh this is great ! Haha ! 
loves POD :) 
loves everything right now , I am so glad that God doesn't pay attention to my plans and makes things happen the right way :) :) 
just two weeks , just two weeks , just two weeks ... 
had SO much fun last night !!! Thanks to all of you that convinced me to go !!! :) :) 
Blue Man Group was absolutely AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!! :) :) Thanks Mom ! :) 
has a full day of singing and homework ... :( But if i get it done now then fall break will be that much better ! :) 
3 days 3 days 3 days .... and then a much needed break :) 
Wow , I actually know how to fix my English paper and it might turn out well ! I am so ecstatic right now ! :) 
Happy 6 Month Anniversary < PROPMALE > Kaiser ! I love you ! :) And I can't wait to see what God has in store for us ! :) :) :) 
Dear God , \ 
We were wondering what kind of cookies is it best to bribe you with ? \ 
Love , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > Fullenkamp , < PROPFEMALE > Hogenkamp , < PROPMALE > Kaiser \ 
\ 
P.S. Thanks for awesome people and crazy campfires . I got a bag of grapes and a stuffed chimney log as presents , how much better can it get ? :) 
was just informed that tomorrow it is supposed to be 87 degrees and in Panama City it is supposed to be 85 . Sad day :( 
Wonders why I even care anymore ... 
is going to Indianapolis with POD ! :) :) 
really hates this long distance thing ... But , you know what ? You're worth it :) I really think you're worth it ! :) 
is just happy :) 
It's LOVE MY SISTERS week . If you have sisters who have made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are friendsforever . Put this on your status if you have an amazing sister . I love you < PROPFEMALE > Wellman , < PROPFEMALE > Wellman , and < PROPFEMALE > Wellman !! You are all AWESOME ! 
loves church ! And I love when it feels like God made the mass totally specifically for you :) 
Just needs to get through 13 more classes of English and then I'm done forever !! ( except for speaking it ... ) :) 
Is at the library \working\ " on stuff . I say \ " working\ " because obviously I'm on facebook . Oh golly ! " 
is excited for the weekend ! :) It is going to be a busy/fun one ! :) 
hates everything ... 
is bleh ... 
is excited for the pep band game ! :) 
is happily swearing off boys for a little while :) God's got my heart and he's going to hold it for me until that right man comes for it :) 
can't wait for Christmas break ! I know that it is a long ways away , but how great will a month without homework be ?!?! :) 
has had one of the best , most awesome , and definitely the most ridiculous weekend here so far ! I love it ! :) 
is kind of excited for everything :) 
loves nights like these :) 
thanks to all the Veterans !! 
passed func keyboard 1 final , one less class on Tuesdays and Thursdays for the rest of this semester !!! Yes !! :) Today is a good day ! :) 
yup , life's pretty epic :) and I like < PROPFEMALE > Wars , thanks < PROPMALE > Schroeder and < PROPMALE > D'Alessandro 
to-do list a mile long , but I'm still smiling , epicness :) 
had an AWESOME night last night ! Going to see an EPIC Beatles concert the courtesy of a nice couple . Two awesome guys stepping back to let us have the tickets , a piccolo trumpet solo , the singing was WONDERFUL and the whole concert just being amazing ! Seeing Mrs. Hoops and Coldwater winning in football was great too ! Then watching The Prestige and finishing off the night happy as can be , yup , great weekend ! :) 
here comes the sun , doo da doo da , here comes the sun , and I say , it's alright ... :) Love this song ! 
loves being home and seeing everyone , but why do professors have to ruin it with homework ? 
had a good birthday , thanks guys :) 
is not too bad at cutting hair :) 
is really confused . I think that I should just stop thinking . 
has had one heck of a day , just happy that it ended much better than it started :) 
used to be defined in one way with every decision being guided by that one belief and now that it is altered , I don't know who I am or what I stand for . I guess I'll have to figure it out . This must be what college is . 
is having an epic day :) and I'm being productive , what are the odds ? 
Happy St. < PROPMALE > day !! :) 
Happy 22nd birthday to my BEAUTIFUL sister < PROPFEMALE > Wellman !!! :) 
just rearranged the room epically and now watching Indiana Jones , AWESOME night !!!!!! :) :) :) :) 
29- Well , you are one of my favorite people that I have met here . I am seriously upset that you are not going to be around for the next 3 1/2 years :( You are such a nice guy , of which there is a serious lacking , and you are a great friend . I love joking around with you and teasing ________ with you ! I WILL come visit you sometime next semester and you better get your butt down here as well ! :) 
88- I don't know you very well , but you seem like a pretty good person . We got into it over my cousin , but that is water under the bridge . I hope to see you around more this coming summer :) 
2- I just met you this year and you are pretty cool guy :) You are a good leader and a lot of fun to be around . I always enjoy my weekends out with you and you are obnoxiously loud on baritone and I respect that ;) You will be an awesome teacher that the kids will love and learn from :) Good luck on finals this week ! :) 
Is it Friday yet ?! 
didn't fail theory , did well on sight singing and juries weren't too shabby :) Then I got two epic movies and a game for break , great day !!! :) 
Coffeehouse was AMAZING ! I'm so proud of everyone !! Now its time to drive back to UD ... 
I am officially done with exams !! :) Now pep band camp and then home for Christmas !!! :) 
today is going to be a great day , only 5 hours of pep band :) 
It is time to go home . 
home , the perfect place to be :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Four eyed fish can look at what is above the water and what is below it , I love the aquarium :) 
An honest answer is the sign of true friendship . Proverbs 24:26 
I really don't like ordering books ... 
Wonderful morning ! ( All of it from midnight to noon :)) 
I'm not jealous of all of you having to start school tomorrow , but now Coldwater is going to be so lonely ! I miss you girlies ! < PROPFIRST > Langenkamp < PROPFEMALE > Wolters < PROPFEMALE > Homan < PROPFIRST > Obringer AND the guys :) < PROPMALE > Wellman and < PROPFIRST > Wellman 
is happy with the way today went :) 
all unpacked and ready to take on another semester ! :) 
first day of classes ! I'm so glad we start on a Tuesday ! :) 
D-Day . I can't wait for 2 O'Clock to be here . 
I don't know whether to be excited or nervous that this week of school is only 2 days long for me ... 
Off on Chorale mini-tour !! :) 
So , mini-tour is on hold because of snow and school cancellations ... Spending the day at the hotel ?? 
OMEA at 6:30 and then back to UD tonight !! :) 
Finally back at UD and it feels SO good ! Now just one short day of classes , playing a little bit of catch up , then enjoying the rest of what should be a wonderful weekend :) 
Singing at mass was a perfect ending to a pretty perfect day :) 
Such a productive morning for not having school :) 
\Our God is greater 
This was a pretty perfect weekend :) 
Today is going to be a good day :) 
theory time ... 
This week needs to be over . Now . 
I needed tonight , now if only I can keep it going ... 
Perfect < PROPFIRST>'s Day gift from my wonderful boyfriend ! :) Getting serenaded was pretty awesome , and I just have to point out that it was by singers and not saxaphones , so thanks < PROPMALE > Schroeder :) 
Two insane weeks in a row = Not acceptable . I can't wait for the weekend and < PROPFEMALE > Hogenkamp ! 
You guys are awesome and we have great conversations < PROPFIRST > Trifiletti and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Sas ! :) 
The only word to describe this day is gross . 
Dear Mother Nature , \ 
I am extremely upset with you right now . Please don't make my already hard weekend unbearable . Don't drop 10 inches of snow on < PROPMALE > and prevent me from seeing my wonderful family . \ 
With No Love , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Trust and faith are going to be my best friends this weekend . 
Off to Doylestown , Ohio to see < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > :) Picking < PROPFEMALE > up on the way and hopefully it will be a good day ! :) 
Hiking along a canal with a beagle and chocolate . Yup , that sounds like a good typical day as a part of the Wellman family :) 
That was the worst test I have ever taken . If it was math instead of theory land it was a blank piece of paper with 2+2 = 5 . Prove it . I think I'll take that drop/add form now Dr. Magnuson . 
Music theory listening log , you have been conquered ! :) 
Being home always makes things seem a little brighter than they were before . 
See you after Easter facebook ! If you need me just email me or text me :) 
