ROCKIN ! 

would like to throw things at facebook 
is absolutely positively under no circumstances what so ever a GRANDMOTHER !!!!!!!!! 
If you want your child to walk the righteous path , do not merely point the way – lead the way . J A Rosencrantz J.A Rosenkranz 
The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without ever seeing any . - < PROPFIRST > Astaire 
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on . \ < PROPFIRST > Sandburg " 
I want my boys to know that ............ Before you were conceived , I wanted you Before you were born , I loved you Before you were here an hour , I would die for you This is the miracle of love . < PROPFEMALE > Hawkins 
Parents who are afraid to put their foot down usually have children who step on their toes . Chinese Proverbs 
The hardest part of raising a child is teaching them to ride bicycles . A shaky child on a bicycle for the first time needs both support and freedom . The realization that this is what the child will always need can hit hard . Sloan < PROPMALE > 
Whenever I held my newborn baby in my arms , I used to think that what I said and did to him could have an influence not only on him but on all whom he met , not only for a day or a month or a year , but for all eternity - a very challenging and exciting thought for a mother . < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy 
I always wondered why babies spent so much time sucking their thumbs . Then I tasted baby food . < PROPFIRST > Orben 
there is a little green man running around in my head with a jackhammer . Fortunately , he is allergic to migraine medication . makes him be still . makes me loopy . all is good . 
Where parents do too much for their children , the children will not do much for themselves . < PROPMALE > Hubbard 
Some family trees bear an enormous crop of nuts 
some family trees REALLY produce a large crop of nuts 
says hug your children and tell them that you love them . everyday . 
wonders if its too early to pack for camp 
thinks < PROPMALE > is Cool ( notice the capital C ) . Thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
says \ I really am an Angel . I only ride this broom cuz my wings broke . \"" 
is home with the tummy flu . < PROPFEMALE > . 
well , I kept my supper where it belongs tonight . I guess thats a good sign . now , if only my tummy would agree ! 
thanks to you all for the wonderful birith day wishes . Its nice to finally be 23 ! ( dont listen to my kids , they dont know what they are talking about ) 
~ Just because the voices in your head aren't real , doesn't mean that they don't come up with some great ideas every once in a while ... Right ? 
Thinks . People lie to make themselves feel better , it masks the crap in their life . All will come out eventually . 
OK peoples , I'm packed for Oklahoma . I think I am even ok with the flying there part . Um , don't like the landing part ....... that hitting the ground thing has to be done juuuust so ....... or it's just bad news ! It will be worth it though ! 
is resting after a wonderful reunion with a wonderful friend 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Treadway is too good to be true ! Has anyone ever known a sweeter , more gentle person ? She is a true lady . 
is really really really sick of computers . really 
If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are supposed to be a promise from God that we will have a forever friend ! Repost if you have amazing sisters like mine ! 
feels as though she is running a doggie rehab clinic ........ 
sigh , what a night ! Some people are ....... ok nevermind . Can we go back to camp now ? I need a moment or a week ( or 2 ) 
is missing < PROPMALE>'s cake . 
I voted , did you ? Remember , you have to vote to have the right to whine about our leaders ! 
If you want to walk on water , first you have to get out of the boat ! 
............ body scanners , this group of new laws coming about from the Zahra Baker case ... life in a cage is not always safer and its certainly not the freedom that our forefathers fought for ! 
Had my hand surgery today , is very sore but alll went well 
Kaleb < PROPMALE > was at my house ! He was sooooooooo cute and his muscles are HUGE ! Wow ........ I am sooooo lucky ! 
I can hear my hearbeat ........... IN MY HAND . not cool 
I spent the weekend in VA beach with my sisters , and when I got home < PROPFIRST > Johnsonrew met me at the door with tears in his little eyes saying \OH MOMMY I missed you soooooooooooooo much ! \ " Then he tried to sit in my lap all night . Say \ " AWWWWWWWWWW\ " if you think that is sweet . " 
one has not lived until they < PROPMALE > a 2000 pound bull thru the neighborhood with their son . seriously . country life is so quiet and calm and relaxing . lol 
a million robins in the yard , the daffodils are blooming , there are plants that need planting and there are three baby goats in my barn ....... spring is here ! 
is having a really really bad day . I am whiny and tired and I need a nap . It's almost 10 o'clock , so its bout time . 
Does anyone have baby goats for sale ? I need two ............. 
