Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can . 

Have you ever reached the point where you just want to stop giving and just take take take for a while ? Maybe just to see if all that you've been giving for so many years would come back to you in the least ? 
is getting ready for Ye < PROPFEMALE > Greenwood Faire ! 
is pissed at the Universe right now . Why do all the nice people get cancer ? Why not the idiots and assholes once in a while , huh ? 
I went back across the lawn , took a stone out of my pocket , and threw it at the storm window next to the living room . 
Happy Birthday to ME ! 
Social experiment : if you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , either good or bad . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised with wha 
Gonna be working on some chainmaille experiments . 
is over it , but ready to be back in the land of air conditioning . 
Getting things washed and packed for SpoCon . 
Back from SpoCon . Had fun , met with great people , had some amazing scotch and a wonderful cigar . 
Gonna try that sleep thing again . 
Home alone ... contemplating dinner . 
If at first you don't succeed , kill the witnesses ... 
In Bellevue tonight , on to Bellingham tomorrow . 
Please visit http://www.wedreamforjeanne.blogspot.com . 
At the Oregon Coast ! Overheard in a squall , \So this is what it feels like to be a urinal cake ... \ " The ocean is violent and gorgeous - the surfers are loving it . Too bad it is going to be a short stay . " 
On this day , I am reminded to be forever grateful for delayed flights . A loved one would have been in Tower Two at the time of impact if not for a flight delay . Just because of who he is , I know he probably would not have made it out . P.S. - Don't forget to take the opportunity to tell those you love that you do . 
< PROPFEMALE > says I'm a jerkface ! 
After a very late night ( and morning ) of good scotch and great movies I am finally ready to face the world . Thankfully , no hangover ! 
Sleep tight and don't let the bed bugs bite . Trying for bed . Sorry to end the evening on a down note . 
Note to self : NyQuil Gelcaps clear up the sinuses , but in no way contribute to sleep . 
I have an interview this morning . Prey , Dance , Think A Happy Thought , etc ... 
Waiting impatiently for the Dr. to call and say there is an opening . In desperate need of some antibiotics before this turns into full blown pneumonia . 
Can't sleep , so I'm listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and writing . 
I'll know I'm in Heaven the day that coffee tastes as good as it smells . 
Yet another 0200 come and gone . Pain ? Yarp . Sleep ? Narp . 
Log out and notice that there is no navigation menu in the sidebar at all , and while you can view the contents of the site , if you try to go to a < PROPFEMALE > like http://example.com/admin , you'll receive an \Acess Denied\ " error . " 
If you and I woke up in a jailroom together , what would you say to me ? you only get 4 words , so be specific . ( then pass the meme on ! ) 
Just got back from the Urgent Care Clinic . Diagnosis : Broken right wrist . Yay for being a clutz ! 
Update : Surgery determination is next week . Hand hurts more than it should . Probably looking at the knife . Prayers , positive energy , happy thoughts would all be appreciated . 
Love all y'all . Have a great weekend . I miss those that aren't near me , and < PROPFEMALE > the time that I get to spend with those that are . 
At the hospital waiting for a friend to come out of surgery . Prayers , thoughts and energy would be appreciated . 
Friend is out of surgery and in recovery . They had to do the surgery the old fashioned way , with a full incision . She is going to be in the hospital overnight and be evaluated for release tomorrow . Thanks everyone for the prayers , thoughts and energy . 
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves . < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
I must not fear . Fear is the mind-killer . Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration . I will face my fear . I will permit it to pass over me and through me . And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path . Where the fear has gone there will be nothing . Only I will remain . 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
Americans win ! 5 to 0 ! 
I'm angry . I'm tired . I'm in pain . I'm done . 
Waiting to hear the final decision on a new job ... 
Listening to Dropkick Murphys . Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to get here . 
They say when you play with fire that you are bound to get burned . Well , I say burn , baby , burn . You have to live life or it passes you by . 
I GOT THE JOB !!!! 
just finished a 14 hour day . Tired , but feeling a sense of accomplishment . 
At Richland < PROPFIRST>'s for Karaoke .... 
< PROPFEMALE > is being admitted to the hospital , with a bad case a pneumonia . Please put out the prayers , positive energy and well wishing thoughts . I will try to keep folks updated as I can . 
For everyone that hasn't heard , < PROPFEMALE > is back at home and on the mend . She's not 100% yet , but getting better day by day . 
If you're flammable and have legs , you are never blocking a fire exit . 
If I came with a warning label , what would it say ?? Comment here then repost to your own wall . 
I will be COMPLETELY HONEST FOR THE NEXT 24 HRS . You can ask me 1 question ( only in my inbox ) ... Any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what ( so make sure you really want to know the truth ) . You have my FULL HONESTY but I DARE you to put this as your STATUS & see what questions you get . 
4 hours left of one ( 1 ) free question . After that I start charging ... lol 
Is there anyone from the Tri-Cities that would be willing to go up EARLY Friday morning to help Redeye Knight get stuff from the abode of She Who Shall Not Be Named ? I would take you up and make the trip back up to bring you back . I need three able bodies . That is what I have room for . 
At home , by myself . Can't drive . What to do ? 
Quirky desert Spring / My soul's thirst voracious / Sudden rain quenches 
At the ER because the family doc didn't ( or couldn't - there is a debate ) prescribe me anything for pain . The family doc also failed to send me to the pain specialist - she sent me to another neurosurgeon instead . Luckily the neurosurgeon was a good one - he is actually working on getting me a solid diagnosis . Have to have a CT guided biopsy of the bone though . 
I'm having a CT guided biopsy on my rib and/or vertebra on Tuesday afternoon . Barring complications I should be out of the hospital that afternoon . Happy thoughts , positive energy and prayers much appreciated . Much love . 
I'm in Kadlec . They decided to keep me overnight at least . May be doing the biopsy tomorrow instead of Tuesday . Long story . Thoughts , prayers and energy would be helpful . Much love . 
Out of the hospital and home . Still have the biopsy tomorrow afternoon . 
Out of the biopsy . Still in the hospital in recovery for a few hours ..... SO hungry ! 
I gotta laugh ... otherwise I cry a lot . :D 
Just for the record : I hate C-collars , back boards and getting IVs in the back of an ambulance . 
Pay it forward for creative people : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update . They must in turn promise to post this and send something they made to their first 5 posters . The rules are that it must be handmade by you & sent some time in 2010 . You've got almost a whole year to do this . 
I can't wait to find out what is wrong with me/so I can say that's the way I used to be - < PROPFIRST > Mayer 
has finished his last day at Clearwire and is now unemployed due to medical issues . 
Sitting in the living room with two of my favorite people in the world ... the wifey and the roomy . 
The countdown begins . In seven day time I will be at MisCon . I can't wait to see everyone . 
Six days to MisCon . ( Can't tell I'm excited , can you ? ) 
Give sorrow words ; the grief that does not speakWhispers the o'er-fraught heartand bids it break . ~ < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare ...... My heart goes out to you , Spider 
\Screw this ! This guy is getting the chain saw . \ " - < PROPFIRST > " 
You're sitting in a bar . A song comes on and suddenly you think of me . What song is playing ? Repost in your status bar and see how many crazy songs you get back 
I am a Graduate ( Magna Cum Laude ) from the School of Hard Knocks , Life University , and damn proud of it . 
This is as close as anyone will let me get to a roof top . So I'll just shout it from here : I love you , < PROPFEMALE > ! You are the best wife anyone could ask for ! 
One of my moms is going in for < PROPMALE > surgery in the morning . I would like it very much if all you folk out there would keep her in your thoughts . Her name is < PROPFIRST > . She's in Las Vegas . Thanks . Much love to you all . 
Why am I a man of few words ? There is no delete or backspace key for speech . Once you get it wrong , it can't be undone . No matter how hard you try . 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes and to those that made it to the party . You helped make it the best birthday ever . 
41\ 
years ago today ! Let us never forget those immortal first words from \ 
the surface of the Moon : ( Aldrin ): \Contact light . Okay 
Sometimes I hate sleep . 
I do not do ups . Ups defy gravity . Gravity is a law . I obey the law . 
If we woke up in jail together ... in four words\ 
or less , what would you say to me . Re-post if you reply .. it's only \ 
fair . 
< PROPFEMALE > is going in for surgery in a little bit . Prayers etc highly appreciated . She's having a lypoma removed from her back . 
< PROPFEMALE > is home and sleeping - surgery went well 
At lunch with < PROPMALE > Chapin . Just witnessed an intimate moment with coffee . 
I killed the president of Paraguay with a fork . How have you been ? 
Right now : what's a burnette ? Its like a brunette but different . 
Oh my god , it shouldn't be that color ! 
In the ER post car accident . I'm pretty much okay , car is totaled . It caught on fire . Will post pictures of the car when I go to look at it tomorrow . 
Home after ER . Sprains , bruises and scrapes . Nothing broken . You all know I have a hard head . Contacting the tow company in the morning to look at the car . Will post pictures . Thanking the powers that be that I made it out with no burns . Much love to you all . 
Update : had to go get some more xrays taken - might have separated the cartilage or broken a rib . It's hard to tell cause I can't feel right ribs due to pagets 
Update : Broken and separated ribs . Count : 2 Waiting for official radiologist report to see if more . 
is teaching himself Java so he can learn to write for Android . 
Monday , Monday , Monday ! We'll sell you the whole seat , but you'll only need the edge . 
Needs everyone to send their prayers , thoughts and positive energy our way . We hear about TN soon . It is what we need and want . Much love . 
Song of the hour : Suicidal Tendancies , \Institutionalized \"" 
01010100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110000 01100001 01110011 01110011 01110111 01101111 01110010 01100100 00100000 01101001 01110011 00101100 00100000 00100010 01001011 01100101 01101110 00100000 01110011 01100101 01101110 01110100 00100000 01101101 01100101 00101110 00100010 
Free Tibet ! *\ 
\ 
* With the qualifying purchase of a Tibet of greater or equal value . 
Happy National Coming Out Day to all my friends in and out . To those out - I am proud of the courage it takes to live the way you want to in spite of prejudice and misunderstanding . To those still in - may you have the freedom to publicly be who you are soon . 
Just to let everyone know , < PROPFEMALE > and I will be in Florida from the 14th to the 24th . We will have our phones and email if you need to get a hold of us . Might make a side trip to TN . Don't know yet . Much love . 
Finishing up the music and movies for the trip - currently listening to Pink < PROPMALE>'s \The Wall\ " Disc 2 . " 
At Daytona Beach saying hello to the Atlantic Ocean 
Headed home . @ OIA(MCO ) waiting to board for our flight to < PROPMALE > . Looks like a full flight . 
In < PROPMALE > . 
Back in the Trikes . Cold and cloudy and not flat . Had a good time on vacation but happy to be home . 
I hate that I have to be in pain to be free to go where I want to , when I want to , and the havok that pain causes in my life . Just one day , damnit , just one , that wouldn't be too hard , would it ? 
Just finished a wonderful Samhain gathering . Now hanging with the gang afterward . 
Due to the late decision to start , I am stopping at only 456 for the night . Picking back up later today . 
I have not given up all hope on NaNoWriMo . I will continue . I just may not make my deadline . I will still shoot for it , but as with everything , family comes first . 
If I count all of the emails , texts and phone calls about my Aunt towards my NaNoWriMo word count , I'd be at my goal . 
Standing in the first snow of the year ! 
Rest in peace , < PROPMALE > . 
Worth the 30 year wait ? Yep . 
Disavowed 
If you are flammable and have legs you are never blocking a fire exit . 
Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here ( and it'll be good ! ) . You must in turn post this and send something you make to the first 5 people who comment on your status . * The rules are : it must be handmade/homemade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
