chillin .... work from 1:15 -6pm today :| no work tomorrow but i work on v-day and i have no < PROPFIRST > :/ bunk ! 

at home ... bored . 
ive got work from 230p-1030p then headin up to < PROPFEMALE > most likely ! whoo ! 
hmmm life is interesting ... 
spent some time with the boy today . going into clovis tomorrow to see my cousin and probably my mom and sister too ... dont really wanna stay up there too long ... but for now goodnight , for i have work from 530am-12pm ... 
I'm at home for the majority of the day , for < PROPFIRST > has work until 5pm . I'm not sure what I'm going to do . I'm semi-broke because I have to save money to pay for school , but hit me up if you wanna chill , and we'll see what happens . 
excited for the next few nights before my dr appt . all i gotta do is hope for the best right :) and it shall be mine ! 
work from 6p-1030p tonight . \ 
make it easy on us and dont come by after 930 ... lol\ 
but really , dont lol . \ 
stayin at home tonight so anyone in kingsburg down to chill after 1030 then just text me . 
work from 6p-1030p . \ 
visit if you want . \ 
dont come after 945 though ... make it an easy night for me :) lol jk . \ 
new pics coming later ! 
work from 6p-1030p ... booo at least < PROPFEMALE>'s there !!! 
Turn your heartache right into joy\ 
She's a girl , you're a boy , \ 
Get it together make it nice\ 
Ain't gonna need anymore advice . \ 
-Crosby Stills Nash And Young 
I have work from 11-3 today . not too shabby AND half is just cleaning and the other half is as a barista ! whoo ! doin laundry , and going to shower soon . miss my hunny bunch ! 
work was cool ... now its off to bed . i work at the fowler starbucks tomorrow ! nervous ! 
workin at the fowler starbucks from 6a-11a then going floating pretty much right after my shift with the hunny and some friends :) 
had a fucking amazing shift this morning !!!!!! ahhhhhh the taste of joy and happiness is on my lips once again !!!! 
work in the morning ; from 5am-9am . then laundry , then hopefully my check is there ... then going to reedley to pay for my fall semester :) and then to the bf's parents house for some good home cooked dinner and drinks :) then work at 5:30 am on saturday ... 
about ready to leave for work . 5a-9a shift . should be short , sweet && to the point :) see ya later !!! 
work from 530am-1145am ... then bbq thing at my house with my pops and stepmom and my hunny . 
doing my make-up && hair , and then I have work from 530a-1145a ... lame .... 1145 get here fast !!!! 
chillin at home ... kinda peeved cuz im sure Inception isnt a 3hr long movie .... waiting on the boy .... gosh dammitt . 
work again at 530am ... blah ! 
work at 530 ... thats pretty soon . dammitt long shift today ... hope it goes smooth ... 
had 2 wonderful days off with my hunny :) i've got work at 5am tomorrow , so goodnight world ! 
work from 5am-9am . whooo short shift . then laundry and reading then time with the boy :) 
feelin good . shower numero dos time !!! haha . then off to the bf's :) 
at home . the boy went to the pub with < PROPMALE > as soon as i left ... annoyed . so i'll just vent on here . anyone wanna talk ? 
catching up with an old friend ... its great ! 
missin the ex sucks but i do wish i could see him face to face . 
need to peeeee lol . 
k now it is time for mimis ! night world . 
work from 830am-4pm . anyone know of any parties tonight ? lol . i think i need a verrrry drunkkk night :) 
i want to drink !!!!! someone pleeeease tell me there some kick back somewhere !!! haha . and i dont wanna drive though haha . 
drink , drank , drunk . thats what should be goin on . still waiting on eric .... wtf . 
blahhhhhhhh why is his thing taking forever ! anyways , off to get smokes and coffee . starbucks time . 
I wake up in the morning and I wonder , \ 
Why everything's the same as it was . \ 
I can't understand . No , I can't understand , \ 
How life goes on the way it does . \ 
\ 
yup , so im passin out now . 
time to stay up all night reading so i gotta turn my laptop off lol . i may get on before i pass out , if i do haha . see ya ! 
not a wink of sleep but i finished my book !!!! haha ! class at 8 ... 
i already enjoy my honors english class ! && i was able to get in the philosophy class ! whoo ! 
love love love my english class ! i owe it to mr dominguez though , for getting me into honors ! whoo ! 
goodnight world . ive got school tomorrow from 8am-10am , then work from 7pm-11pm :) 
school @ 8 .... doin my hair ... 
just about to go get smokes and then head to school :) 
\Do I sound mad ? \ 
woke up late so i'll look like shit at class .... gay . 
had fun last night then slept til noon :) haha 
the boy went out of town for the wkend .... i hate being left out cuz i have to work wkends ! but theres nothing i can do about it ... he'll be back tomorrow but i work 730a-4p ... so i dunno if i'll even go to < PROPFEMALE > ... 
work time . see ya later ! 
so , im trying to find something to do ... like maybe wild waters or the island but theyre closed today :| anyone have good ideas for the boy and i ? 
i think we may drive up to < PROPMALE > grove .... crossing fingers ! lol . 
not going to school , tired and got work at 11 ... 
at home . work from 1130a-330p :) short and sweet shift ! just the way i like ' em sometimes lol . 
woke up late for work . got there an hr late :| \ 
HELLA cleaned my room :) \ 
currently : doing laundry . \ 
then shower numero 2 and then heading to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
at my house ... bored ... let down again ... we'll see how things go tonight with the boy ... lake tomorrow with some old friends :) stoked ! 
time to go see the mountains soon :) ready to chill . 
work from 530p-11p so stoked with how things are going :) 
is at home ... was off work at 11p and now im watching law and order :) 
is uploading pictures from the mountains :) 
55 days til i'm 21 !!! :) sooooo excited ! 
FUCK YOU ! to : whoever < PROPFIRST > the < PROPMALE > on my car without me noticing , now my dads making me wash it today ! and im scared of the automatic car washes cuz of Final Destination ! lol . 
showertime . then gas and car wash thingy ... then nothing really lol . work from 7pm-11pm visit me if you wanna :) 
had a good shift at work . had a good night after work :) now its nightynight time :) 
just woke up not too long ago ... showertime soon im thinking ... 
chillin at home . still been to lazy to do anything . kinda bummin .... hopefully work is tremendous tonight like it usually is ! i love my regular customers , they make me smile :) 
oh && 53 day til im 21 !!!! 
dunzo ... 
passin out . work from 10:45 am-6pm tomorrow . looking forward to my 7.25 /hr mid shift :) goodnight FB-world . 
payday :) and my last day before 3-4 days off :) so excited ! especially with my new found energy and happiness ! whoooo ! 
had a great night last night :) as always with him . going to visit my momma after i get ready :) 
had a wonderful night :) goodnight ! 
ps : 50 days ' til i'm 21 !!!! 
starbucks soon . then chill time and then heading to clovis for my besties bbq :) 
showertime fools :) 
worked 11-3 and now i am at home and about to chill with muh friends :) 
blahblahblah ! ;) 
work from 1115-645 :| 
43 days til im 21 !!! :) 
going to work , then chillin with friends afterwards :) stoked ! & hearts ; 
work from 10a-230p . hope it goes well and that my headache stays gone ! 
blah ... waiting ... then getting high :) 
so i love love SURVIVOR ! and it finally premeired last night ! so happy ! every wednesday ! 8pm . and today i have work from 11:30 am- 4:15 pm :) OOOOOOOH &&& 39 DAYS ' TIL I TURN 21 !!!!!!! :D 
getting off fb for the night now . did a drawing of < PROPFEMALE > joplin . maybe ill post it up here ... not til later though . g'night fb . 
the count down really begins now ! 30 days ( 1 month ) ' til i'm 21 !!!! I have work from 630-11 tonight :) chil time after with friends i havent seen in a while ? we'll seeee :) 
ZEN BUDDHISM(sounds appealing ): A special transmission outside the scriptures ;\ 
No dependence on WORDS and letters ;\ 
Direct pointing to the MIND of man ;\ 
Seeing into one's nature and attaining Buddhahood . 
g'night fb . 
im sitting at home for the day . still kinda sick :( and work from 2pm-6pm . hope i feel better soon ! 
28 more days , then i'll be 21 !!!! whooooooo ! 
off work . at home . chillin with my pops . 
finally washed the car !! whoo . even vacuumed the inside and like reeeeeallly cleaned the whole thing ! feels good haha . 
and i got my 200 dollar refund from reedley college today ! whoooo ! 
25 days until im 21 :) work today from 1130-330 and then its off to cash my check and then laundry ? i think so ... 
almost time to leave for work . peace out ya'll :) 
work 5am-9am . slept for 3.5 hrs last night . my double tall tuxedo mocha should wake me up :) its raining and i need new windsheild wipers :| but , i love the rain ! 
shower number 2 time !!!! 
work in the morning from 730am-1130am :| im tired ... had a full day and some rain too ! :D g'night everyone . 
annoyed . end of story . 
leaving my house to start my adventure for today :) gonna see < PROPFEMALE > and baby too ! 
20 days until i turn 21 !!!! whooo , its getting closer ! super excited :) work tonight from 645p-11p . ppl better stop comin in around 945ish ! 
boo closing then goin in at 9am the next day ... lol . nah it shouldnt be too bad . i got a 2hr clean sweep first :P but shift = 9am-5pm ... 
going to bed , work at 5am :| its back to quad < PROPFEMALE > con panna's in the early hours now that the weathers cooler :) YUMMMM 
epic fail :| forgot i switched shifts with someone and now it conflicts with my plans for today . what the fudge ! and on top of that my real shift itsnt til almost 11 and i woke up at 330am . FAIL ! ( plz dont laugh at me :| ) 
goin to SF soon . later start than anticipated but its all gravy :) hurry jes lol 
sittin at home watching Weeds . getting ready to fall asleep . work tomorrow 730a-245p . ZZZzzzzzz ... 
work at 730a . i have a headache :| this is gonna suck . 
new rollercoaster set for 2011 at 6flags :) green lantern , one of my faves :) and the ride looks siiiiick ! 
so lets recap :\ 
1 . giants are going to the world series :) \ 
2 . dads gonna be home tomorrow !!!! \ 
3 . i'll be 21 in 2 days !!!! \ 
ahhhhhhhhlllllmoooooost perfection :) 
thank you all for my birthday wishes !!! 
im 21 :) and went to pismo yesterday and was pretty much drunk all day :) work today :| but it shouldnt be too bad :) love my job and customers !!! 215-615 visit me if you wanna ! 
woke up . showered . came home . went cashed my check . now im at home about to eat carls jr :) work from 4p-11p . i must clean the poop flusher again tonight ! lol . 
today is election day ! glad facebook thought to remind us , though i didnt need reminding haha . doing laundry , washing the car , then going to vote ! friday i leave for some 6flags adventures with my pop ! whoooo , glad its just us haha . 
GIANTS WON :) 
went to 6 flags yesterday and had a fantastic time , went to work today and had fun too ! perfection in my eyes ! 
doin laundry at my house . watching The Ladies Man :) great movie . no work today , but i gotta get my tips . 
well , whats on my mind ... hmmm .... well , ummm i have work from 730p-1130p tonight . lookin forward to something ! :) things are lookin good ! time to do my hair and start preparing myself for work ! 
excited about my promotion-best thing to happen to me in a while . right now im just at starbucks using the internet so i dont have to sit at my house ... haha . new drivers liscence came and it looks different than they use to ! things are awesome ! 
heading back to < PROPFEMALE > now .... its boring there though :/ 
at starbucks in kingsburg using my laptop and being tired . heading back to < PROPFEMALE > shortly :) i work tomorrow 6:30 am- 10:30 am :) happy gobble gobble day ! 
i miss my < PROPFEMALE > & her gabby ! im broke but hopefully thing work out so jes < PROPFEMALE > & i can go see a movie tonight !!! things are ok in life , kinda struggling but crossing my fingers for better times . 
ok im leaving starbucks now and heading back .... im tired of being around this commotion . bye starbucks thank you for my tips :) 
question : anyone HAVE kittens their GIVING away ? 
hmmm all this new years hype all over again . i remember the last 2 new years and who i spent them with and it makes me miss him , but why he was/is such an ass . oh well ill get past it later . dunno what im doing yet . 
probably gonna get my hairs cut .... maybe . well see . 
im at kingsburg starbucks visiting with my < PROPFEMALE > before i leave for my meeting ! lol :) but im sick sick sick and hatin it cuz the weathers so pretty outside !!! 
chillin at starbucks . got my tips && gas ! whoo ! 
