Cold weather sucks I am not ready for Winter . < PROPMALE > is excited for snow . 

Frustrated - Trying to protect a small town when no one else seems to give a shit . Everyone complains when are they going to start helping 
Waiting for warmer weather . 
Getting ready to enjoy a 4 day weekend with the kids . Hopefully get extra rest . 
Sick- Just Wanting to sleep but kids are still up 
Happy Thanksgiving hope all are enjoying good food . We are just chilling at home with sick kids . 
Hope everyone has a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , and that everyone can spend time with there loved ones . God Bless . 
Well my Baby is now 5 where did the time go . I wish I could keep them 4 forever . I guess he is a big boy now . 
Red 
Happy Birthday Reese . Hope you have a great day . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > will be ridding in the youth Rodeo at the Horse Palace at 12:00 if anyone is watching some kids rodeo . 
Hey all you farmville friends I could really use some help with my barn raising thank you 
Still need 4 more people to help me with my chicken coop expansion please 
Again I could use help with the chicken coop expansion . The last attempt was a failure but I am hoping for better this time . I desperately need 3 friends to help me out . Thanks a bunch 
The winter series rodeo is finally finished and < PROPFEMALE > had her best day ever what a way to end the year . Who knows what is next . 
Tired of working on everyone elses schedule . How come it is when they are too busy too get you the paperwork it is ok , but if you don't get it they get to fine you . What crap ! 
What a nice day today . 70 degrees too bad it isn't here to stay . 
Sitting at home having some sex on the beach and watching season 3 of ER 
Why is it no matter how much you bend over backwards for people eventually they go behind your back and screw ya . 
What a nice weekend . My horse sold good and he got a nice new home . We got a different horse and he seems good and we got to spend an evening just the 4 of us swimming and having family time what more could ya ask for . 
Thank you everybody for the birthday wishes , nobody let me forget I was getting old today Haha . God Bless 
23K teachers were given pink slips in CA and 17K in IL . NJ and FL are cutting teacher jobs and reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes are paid millions , but teachers , with whom we entrust to help raise our kids , are not valued . COME ON AMERICA ... LET'S GET OUR PRIORITIES IN ORDER !!! ? In honor of ALL teachers , copy and paste this into your status ... 
Wow I need to have my head examined . To many things going on and no time . Baseball 4 to 5 nights a week . Cows , horses , and sheep to take care of . Booster Club meeting , 4-H meeting , and trucks to take care of , I am so glad jury duty canceled when would I ever find time . Being an involved mom is the craziest job ever , hope I don't lose my mind by the time I reach 35 . Hope everyone has a great week . 
Lets pray for all the people involved in tragedies this evening whether it be from Tornado or from gun shots . Remember that each day is a blessing that we spend with our loved ones . What a day of losses . 
I love my hubby ! 
Maybe instead of Basketball we need to start a rodeo team in Belfry . Way to go Belfry !!! We had 7 kids from Belfry competing in the youth Rodeo in Red Lodge and they all did great ! Good job kids ! < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Kenzie , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
When do things ever slow down . I have alot of good intentions to get things done but they always seem to get put on the back burner . I need longer days and of course more sleep . 
having a great time at < PROPMALE > with family 
looking forward to the weekend spending some time with family and friends the kids love fireworks . Then on Monday I get my horse back from the trainer I can't wait he has been gone for over a month guess the kids can have their horse back now . 
Sitting at the dentist wondering why we can't protect our kids from doing things that scare them 
It sucks to lose a best friend . Even if it is the four legged kind . 
camping with the family isn't it supouse to be relaxing ? 
Dogs are mans best friend for many reasons one of them is because they can sense when you need a hug . 
Why is it just when life makes perfect sense , it thows you a curve ball you don't know how to hit . 
Pioneer Day is just around the corner anyone interested in helping or just wanting to come and have a good time let me know . Hope to see everyone there . 
Well I officially feel old now that my baby started kindergarten . It is pretty quiet around here without him , but he was excitted to go . 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” - < PROPFIRST > Robinson 
Cleaning a house with kids in it , is like shoveling snow while it's snowing . 
I wish life came with an instruction book that told you exactly what was the right decision and how to do it step by step . 
This is from Facebook ... There are many complaints that Facebook has become unacceptably slow . This report shows that Facebook has a number of inactive members . They want us to re-post this message to see who is active and who are not . If you don't re-post this message within the next 2 ... weeks ... you will be removed in order to get more space . Post this on your wall to show you are active in Facebook 
Save the date : Anyone with children that would like to participate in a rodeo clinic . The CCKRC is holding one mothers day weekend . The clinic will focus on barrels , poles , goats , flags and roping . Hope to see everyone there . 
Waiting for the stars to align so my life starts to make sense again soon . 
What would the world be without good friends ? The kind who dont judge you and are there for you no matter what type of decisions you make . 
Why is it just when u get too sleep is when the kids get sick and need you . 
Spending my bday in hospital emergency room with a sick kid . Not my idea of a good time 
Thanks everyone for BDay wishes . 
Anybody out there who would like to do some roping this weekend . There is a team roping at the Boys and Girls Ranch both Saturday and Sunday . Enter at 8 rope at 10 . Hope to see you there . 
How do you expect kids to listen to their parents ? Tarzan lives half naked , < PROPFEMALE > comes home at midnight , Pinocchio lies all the time , Aladdin is the < PROPMALE > of thieves , Batman drives at 320MPH , Sleeping Beauty is lazy , and Snow White lives with 7 guys . We shouldn't be surprised when kids misbehave . They get it from their story books . Copy and repost if it made you laugh : ) 
