My phone is shut off . Bitches dont be texin me . 

BBBBBBBBBBBoooooooooorrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeedddddddddd 
Phone is off again 
Booooored , headin back to O-town later . 
Boredd ,, at < PROPMALE>'s with Dj < PROPFIRST > H 
Is at < PROPMALE>'s ... but < PROPMALE > doesnt know that . 
so today I learned the Easter < PROPFEMALE > isn't real ... Tis a sad day indeed . 
Is quite confused . 
I caught a fish ... With no pole . Cuz Im fukin awesome . 
Is super bored 
Cant seem to find my phone 
Found my Phone 
Goin to Zach's here in a few , text it up yo 
Stuntman Extraordinaire . 
Is bored , about to go . Text it up yo ! 
Is Going to destroy things With < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > later 
Im not like them , but I can pretend . The Sun is gone , but I have a light . I think Im doen , or maybe just happy . 
Thank God For Summer 
Is hella bored 
Well , my phone is shut off until further notice .. 
At < PROPMALE>'s ... That is all . 
Is the Dancing < PROPFEMALE > 
I finally did it , I bit the top of a can off . My life is complete . 
I got , Ice in my veins , Blood in eyes , Hate in my heart , and Love on my mind . 
Booooored , Gunna watch tv 
Phone is back on ! 
Is headin off , too work ... Gay . 
Gunna watch all 6 episodes of FLCL tonight , my life will never be the same . 
Halfway done haha 
Haters shake my hand , but I keep the sanitizer on deck . 
Someone stole my phone today , it will be awhile till i get anotherone . 
You're my boy blue ! 
Alright people , let's not forget , no matter how cute and cuddly they may seem , Koalas are still bears . 
The worm has left the hole ! 
Well , with no phone , I guess my Call of Duty skills will increase greatly . 
Gettin brain in the library cuz I love knowledge 
MDMA gotcha feelin like a champion , in the city < PROPFEMALE > sleeps betta slip ya an ambien 
Is still wide awake ! 
Just got paid ! 
My computer is broken :( 
I'm extra good . 
I am just now getting off work , hella tired .. 
Is off till sunday , anyone wanna do anything ? 
is pretty worn out 
Work at 11 , but im not tired , tomorow could be a long day . 
The girl he wants dont seem to want him too 
COOKIES ! 
>:v \\ 
Stayed up all night watching fight club . 
Got a phone , text it ! 620-778-2421 
You can not imagine how difficult it is to hold a half gallon of moo juice and polish the one-eyed gopher when your doin ' seventy-five in an eighteen-wheeler . 
Just got off work .. 
I just talked to a girl on chatroulette for about an hour . Im impressed . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , better than a bunch of old Mens ' Dicks . 
< PROPFEMALE > , the lapping waves are licking quietly at our ankles .. 
This right here is my Pretty Boy Swag . 
You take my breath away , You're a supernova . 
So my class schedule is pretty dank yo lol 
A boombox can change the world . 
Mmmmmh , sweet lemonad . Yeah , sweet lemonade . 
Cant sleep . 
When the sun come up , I be there to say what up in the mornin . 
I was killing before killing was cool . 
If anyone knows of any houses-preferably in the country-around 30min from parsons let me know , my dad has to move . 
Sticks and stones may break my bones , but I will kick you repeatedly in the balls . 
My phone's screen is broken , so dont text me . If it is important call me . 
is watching Courage the Cowardly dog , and i think my new phone should be in friday . 
New phoneQ text it yo 
Cleaning up puke at 4am ? Fml 
It's a Woodland Critter Christmas ! 
