is looking forward to getting about 36 hours in at work this weekend . 

is suffering from caffeine withdrawal . It's going to be a long week . 
has a new address , which she will be moving to in just a couple of weeks . 
has one more week in Crooked Creek . 
is happy . =) 
has a job interview tomorrow ! 
had such a great weekend . I love you , girls ! 
has another job interview tomorrow ! 
is 24 . 
did not get hired by Walgreens , but was offered a job at Huck's . I start Monday . 
had such a great birthday ! Thanks everyone ! 
Finally has a day off from work . 
Had a great afternoon inline skating with < PROPFIRST > . 
does anyone know of any cool halloween corn mazes near < PROPFIRST > ? I've never been to one . 
still has a job , for now . 
has her first skinned knee in well over a decade thanks to roller blading . I forgot how much it hurts ! 
keeps hearing and feeling her pulse in her ears . Is that weird ? 
is practically done with her xmas shopping ! 
went to the < PROPFIRST > Christmas parade tonight and is now baking Scottish shortbread cookies for < PROPFIRST > . 
has been wasting time like crazy . 
is thinking about going vegetarian . 
doesn't adapt well to change . 
is calling in sick today . 
baby blue 
just watched Something , Something , Something Dark Side . Loved it . 
is home again , home again , jiggity jig . 
hates Charter Communications . 
If you enjoy treats that are sweet and salty , I recommend ruffles potato chips dipped in chocolate . Don't love it ' til you try it ! 
Hey everyone , what's your favorite romantic comedy ? 
spent the day playing Super < PROPFIRST > World and eating snow cream ; it's just like the snow days I had when I was a kid ! 
is eating homemade sushi . It's awesome . 
is so not a fan of soy milk . 
I miss being able to breathe through my nose . Stupid cold . 
is craving Thin Mints and Tagalongs . 
I have a job ! I'll be an office clerk for the US Census , and I begin in two weeks ! 
It's 83 degrees in here . I am very tempted to turn on the AC . 
< PROPFIRST > picked up some kind of bug or germ at the daycare , and then gave it to me . Now we are both coughing and running fevers . Stupid , germy , little kids . 
If I won the lottery , I would buy one of those fancy , hypo-allergenic kittens . I know that they're no longer being bred , but since I'm not going to win the lottery , I don't see how that matters . Oh , and I would also buy cat accessories . 
Happy Anniversary , < PROPFIRST > ! Two years !!!! 
Is this mania ? What a strange state ! 
A boombox can change the world . You gotta know your limits with a boombox . A boombox is not a toy . 
My back !! Why does it hurt ?!? 
I love it when my job offers me challenges , but only if it's a challenge I can meet . 
I feel paralyzed by laziness today . 
\I think computer viruses should count as life . I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive . We've created life in our own image . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Hawking " 
I always feel incredibly embarrassed when I make a mistake and violate a social norm and then hear people talking about it behind my back . I really didn't think anyone would mind if I moved their pair of sneakers from the laundromat dryer , after the cycle was done of course , to a nearby table so that I could use said dryer . But I was quite wrong , and I'm still blushing over it . 
I just found out that next week I'll be teaching a night class on enumerating . I'm nervous . 
So much space to clean , so little time to clean it . 
hates bureaucracy , specifically U.S. Census bureaucracy . 
< PROPMALE > is able to move his left thumb a < PROPFEMALE > bit . 
Going back to Nashville tomorrow night to spend Monday -- Tuesday at Vanderbilt . 
is homesick . =( 
has a job interview at McDonald's tomorrow . 
Anyone have any guesses as to why my laptop's usb ports work either rarely or not at all ? 
I finally hiked up to Ladyfinger Bluff . It was beautiful . Plus , I saw a bunch of armadillos foraging . 
is really happy because she is once again gainfully employed . 
I stubbed one of my toes and broke the nail in half . Luckily , < PROPFIRST > was here to pour hydrogen peroxide on it and super glue the nail together . 
starts her job at Walmart on Monday ! 
has a job at Wal-Mart now , and it's going well . 
won't have another day off until July 10th . 
\War is not nice . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Bush " 
Just 24 more hours of work , and then I will finally get a couple of days off . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes , everyone ! I'm having a great birthday ! 
was compared to a ninja today . 
Can an algae eater , a ghost shrimp , and a male betta peacefully co-exist ? I hope so . 
is crocheting . 
It's a goddamn winter wonderland out there . 
All I want for Christmas is for my back pain to go away ! 
I'm still hopelessly ill but so glad I have someone to take care of me . 
I had a great time in Nashville , visiting family and friends , and I hope I get to move there very soon . 
So , I finally took down the Xmas tree today . 
I heard someone say this today : \I'm not wearing a condom with * my own * secretary . \"" 
Making a < PROPFEMALE > top hat out of homemade < PROPMALE > , not as easy as it sounds . 
Awesome news : after only 9 months at Walmart , I made 2nd shift Associate of the Month ! Less awesome news : It's quite possible that I was at least partly responsible for my store losing $ 8,500 . I didn't get in any trouble over it , though . To paraphrase my manager , \Shit happens . \"" 
I'm getting sick yet again . Stupid colds . 
