has finally gone crazy and shaved himself bald headed 

To all my friends drop me a line and tell me what is the favorite quality in me you like 
Not happy with having a suspended drivers liscence 
listening to music from when I was born didnt realize hyow much good rock there was 28 years ago 
never realized mtv and I are the same age 
10 points if anyone can name the first video that was ever aired on MTV 
So happy to have my liscence back those 90 days drug on forever 
in agony after having a tooth pulled in the emergency room . Found a large abcess on it as well 
In one of my moods . Can anyone Cheer me up ? Tell me something good about me cause not sure theres much to write . 
been busy visiting mom in the hospital and working hard 
cant wait to try ballroom dance lessons tommorow 
so happy dad came through surgurey very well no problems or < PROPMALE > hassles 
hates having romantic dreams about women whom he cant get because they treat him like hes inferior . especially when its someone whom he sees almost every wednesday 
when will that amazing woman Ive been wating for finally come into my life ? Im lonely 
just really loves post holiday hangovers 
wonders what people see when they look at me ? 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . You have my FULL honesty but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get !! seriously ! copy and paste and put on your status :) 
its not my appendix and its not the kindneys and its not my gallbladder what else could it be ? starting to get concerned . Can anyone else tell me what else these pain in my side could possibly be . 
to my vampire wars friends i need all the blood of elders you can spare 
leave one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot , anything you remember ! Don't send a message , leave a comment on here . Next , re-post this on your status and see how many people leave a memory about you . 
hates being sick sinus pressure and headaches suck hope its better by thursday morning 
Loves it when people misunderstand me when im Loaded . I apologize to the person whom this is written about I didnt say what was said I did but because I was drunk it is understandable why it was misheard and so again I apologize . 
no more fireworks shop in waynedale lets just say that BOOM is an understatement of the century . 
Let the year of the METAL TIGER ( man that sounds < PROPFEMALE > cool ) Commence and all your dreams and hopes and happiness come true in 2010 
loves car batteries dying at 2 am in the morning an hour from civilization 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be ... interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 , or more , brave friends who will participate ......?? 
Chillin in DC having a blast 
dc was fun got < PROPFEMALE > many pictures to show will be uploading < PROPFEMALE > n 
Dc photos are up 
ok , I'll bite : If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say ... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . 
Doppelgänger week .. during this week change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you have been told you look like ... be sure to post this as your status 
the angel of my nightmare . a super amazing , hot , unforrgettable boy . usually somewhat attractive , who gets all the girls , and is loyal , somewhat mean-spirited , athletic , flirty , talented , funny , sexual , kinky , and fun to be around . He's very intelligent , but not in a nerdy way . He's a dedicated boyfriend and will never cheat on you or use you . go to urbandictionary.com 
really really hates the snow and wind 
all i ever get asked for is money is she using me ? hmm I wonder 
screaming REVENGE !!!!!!!!! like < PROPMALE > screams KHAAAAAANNNNNNNN !!!!!!!! 
why cant i seem to figure out when someone takes me for a ride and screws me over . Just wish for once I could find someone whose on the level 
still sore from dance workshop 
sorry to anyone im chatting with my pc is acting up but ill be back in a few 
having a blast in washington DC be back monday 
Had a blast last night at AJ's good friends and good times . Let love and light shine on you all 
this joyful glad eastertide he is risen alleluia 
really hates kidney stones anyone got any ideas how to make it hurt less 
finally home after working 32 hours straight 
** If you are brave , copy and paste this to your status , and see what people rate you . 1 ) Crazy , 2 ) I'd marry you , 3 ) talkative , 4 ) sarcastic , 5 ) loveable , 6 ) clubhead , 7 ) moody , 8 ) dumb , 9 ) spoiled , 10 ) mouthy , 11 ) random , 12 ) hot , 13 ) funny , 14 ) fit , 15 ) amazing , 16 ) beatuiful , 17 ) cute , 18 ) rude , or 19 ) simple . 
today is gonna be a rough one 3 years to the day since I lost my brother God I really miss him . So if your drinking tonight or today raise a glass to to him this ones for you < PROPFIRST > 
on his way to the casino and gonna have a blast 
had fun last night out with friends and learning more about my true nature and how a cetain someone not metioning any names ( < PROPFEMALE > ) was right and thank you < PROPFEMALE > for being a good friend . 
looking forward to chillaxing with friends love yall see ya tonight 
happy mothers day to all the special mom type people in my life and especially to you my momma 
Can personal strenght outweigh personal loss ? Can personal Heartache make personal Happiness seem less expensive ? Can Love truely outweigh Hatred ? and Can Darkenss ever truely eclipse the light ? 
pray for my mom just found out she has been admitted into the hospital drs dont know whats wrong yet 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > you will be missed such a funny guy . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died on wednesday . 
Glad to be home hate having to stay in the hospital 
Here we stand , Here we fall history won't care at all !!! 
5 days till my birthday cant wait 
Spendindn the day relaxing and barely moving Happy birthday to me . 
Family took me to Takaoka for birthday dinner wow that was good and what a show they put on for you . 
Old friends and new friends come help me celebrate my birthday tommorow night at aj's bar and grill on Getz road in fort < PROPMALE > . Will be there at 7:30 till ? karoke night with < PROPFEMALE > KQ the < PROPFEMALE > of Karoke 
Went and saw arrival last night at follinger dont think I couldve gotten closer to seeing ABBA last night if Id actually seen ABBA themselves . Fantasticly wondertful performance . 
Cell Phone bit the dust and if im supposed to have your number I need it again . Ill then text you my new number 
why does it seem that the little things in life become the big things while the big things just seem to dissapear ? 
Hates Strep throat . Any one got any ideas to help it go away quicker ? 
has a feeling that this is gonna be a grrrreeeeaaaaatttt week 
Lonliness is an illusion brought on by lack of self esteem and if you cant handle being alone with yourself how can you expect someone to be alone with you ? 
next time i have to stay in hospital im bringing my own bed I really dony like those beds too much 
Went to the zoo yesterday and had a blast with the family even my 91 year old grandma had a blast . Forgot how much fun it can be just to spend time with family . and how powerful it can be to be around < PROPFEMALE > many wonderful animals . So spiritual . 
Started working out today gotta loose 60 pounds by april diet and lifestyle changes suck 
prides like a knife that cuts deep inside , words are like weapons that wound sometimes . 
worked 12 hours overnight guarding a shop in a mall in lafayette yay now time to drive home here comes sleepy me driving 3 hours to get home . 
walked 4 < PROPMALE > at work today no sissy golf cart for me . probably do another mile tonight after dinner . 
Blessings , Love , Peace and heartfelt understanding to all peoples everywhere . Positive and happy thoughts to all . 
5 pounds gained but still determined need all the postive thoughts of everybody to help push me onward to change my life 
I could use a workout < PROPMALE > , someone who can help keep me motivated and help push me to that next level anyone wanna help me out 
just got home from gym man am I sore especially my quads and my pecs\ 
but nned to keep it up 
To all my friends and family I need all your prayers and support my grandma the last grandparent I have has had a massive stroke and is at lutheran hospital . Please pray for her healing and peace . 
to all my friends and family at 12 am on october 1st my grandmother was called to her rest . She went peacefully . Please keep my family in your thoughts and prayers as we cope during this difficult time . 
Where oh where are you my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ? 
why does life have to be < PROPFEMALE > hard and seem like you get kicked in the nuts everytime you get a little ahead and feel good about yourself 
waking up tired is so less satisfiying than going to bed tired from working 20 hours of overtime 
Thankful for true friends and new and surprising opportunities . And thankful to have had 28 of my 29 thanksgivings with grandma and knowing shes having the greaest thanksgivng imaginable and that it will last forever . 
looking foward to tommorows first day at new job . Cant wait 
I would like my FB friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE ! That's right , just make it up . After you comment copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't even read the instructions right 
Down 5 pouns and feel very happy 
has a severe sinus infection , a chest cold , and a broekn pinky wishes he felt better 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post this for 1 hour . Do it for all !! There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting .... 
day 2 of the overheating and the visits to the porceline throne hope it stops soon . 
Very sadly , most of you probably wont copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in HONOR of all the children who need a little extra help , < PROPFEMALE > & understanding . Proudly , I will ! Here's to all the kids who need just a little bit more hugs n kisses !! 
