Why is it when the one person you depend on the most leaves everything goes to shit ? 

maybe we can hop back together 
CAn't believe my baby is starting the first grade tomorrow !!!! 
Is stuck inside cause its cold and very < PROPFEMALE > BLAH 
i hate laundry !!! My dang on dryer take frikin forever !! :( 
I feel so bad for my little man he is sooo ... sick all stuffy and coughing 
today is cupcake day for bri cause tomorow is her b day YEAH !!!! 
My poor baby feel out of a tree today what am i going to do with her ? LOL :) 
Hate < PROPFIRST > on 12's cause i can never sleep right ! :( 
Feel like crap like i am about to spew hope i am not getting sick 
Yeah food shopping today !! Why do i toture myself for going on pay day 
I have to say i love the bangers and mash from the pub down the street yummy 
Went to the beach esterday and got to say \me likey\ " and i say a rreal live seal playing in the water it was so cool . " 
Yeah finally found some halloween pumkins this weekend but really misssing utah ' s pumkin patches :( 
o and yeah sawyer is standing up all by himself !!! 
Rain rain go away come back another day day !! 
Feels like my throat is on fire bet i have strep it finds me every year !!! 
why is it everytime you go to the doctor here you always leave feeling little your crazy for being sick ! 
This whole fall back thing has messed me up for some reason my phone didn't update the alarm went off and i ended up getting up at 5:45 instead of 6:45 grrr ... o and the sun going down around 4pm blahhh not fun brie has no time to play outside to get her energy out 
Got to say loved Halloween this year but there where so many people . It was nuts !! 
Had a horriabl weekend < PROPFIRST > got in a car accident and now have no car . And so need a night out with just me and him . 
Well we almost have half the car thing sorted out , have a rental courtesy of the other guys insurance but still waiting on them to pick up the old car to see if they are going to be able to fix it cross fingers 
Still have a rental haven't heard anything about my car cross my fingers that they can fix it 
Does anybody else feel Christmas in the air !! 
One more day and then my little man is one and to < PROPMALE > I can't beleive < PROPFEMALE > is going to be two where does the time go !!!! 
A year ago today my little man was born , with the help of my husband , Sherissa , God , o and the doctor . And beautiful < PROPFIRST > and Meier where there to say hello . And then the parading of a newborn began to all my friends in utah . I miss you all !! 
Yeah NEW < PROPFEMALE > SO STINKIN EXCITED YEAH !!!!!!!!!! 
YES NEw < PROPFEMALE > was awesome !! 
Three more days to TURKEY DAY !!!! 
two years today offically that is :) 
YEAH TURKEY DAY !!! Thank you to all my family and friends past , present , and future . I love and miss you all !!!! :) 
Mother in laws in town hope things go better then this weekend . Dang airlines losing bags ! 
BRRR ITS COLD !!! 
SOOO I was listening to the radio and they were talking about because it's going to be 2010 what has everyone done in these past ten years . So i am curious what have you all done this past ten years ? It was nuts to think of everything that has happened . 
Man i think that i am still in utah ALL THIS SNOW AND STILL MORE TO COME 
and still more snow coming 
Making peanut butter and chocolate balls and Fudge 
So my Christmas is looking pretty shitty this year 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all a good night !!!! 
A sad sad day 
BLAH BLAH GERBILS 
o where o where has my little monkey gone 
yeah grocery shopping 
happy new year 
o woe is me how do i miss thee 
Did I move back to Utah what is up with this snow !! 
Yeah Girl Scout Cookies are here please come by my daughter's cookie booth when we are selling I will let you all now the dates and if you don't want them then you can donate to the troops ! 
Black 
Want to Spring to come done with the cold 
Good think that i never got rid of my old PC because my laptop crashed !!!! It took my 4 days to get this old thing up and running 
Why O Why do these things keep happening to me !! I did a stupid thing I was being a nice mommy and went to lunch with Brie but I thought I was going to leave my purse in the car cause carrying Sawyer a purse and lunch is alot but ... Instead ending up losing my keys and had to go dumpster diving to find paying 200 pounds and more GRRR 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Girl Scout troop will be selling cookies on the 13th and 14th of Feb from 11:00 to 13:00 at the BX and the 26th of Feb at the same time please come out and buy from her troop 
O and if you guys don't want cookies then you can donate them to the guys deployed i am going to send the cookies that we get donated to them 
MISS MISS YOU !!!!!!! 
MAN Exercise class kicked my ass today !! 
I HAte today GRRRR 
So officially no car now because the insurance posted the check 4 days ago so today they took it back . Good thing I went food shopping because i am home bound 
O my gosh LOVED the Vampire Diaries so happy that it is finally on here Yeah !!! 
Posting the color of your bra made the news but will this ? It's time to show the world that more of us SUPPORT our Troops than not . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . And if you don't stand behind our Troops , then please feel free to STAND IN FRONT OF THEM 
I got a car !!!! Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > 
So we rearrange Bri room and put together her new desk ya . Thanks to two little elves . No i need a new bed set and paint then it's on to Sawyer room 
NOOOOO SNOW 
I don't know about anybody else but i am done with winter move on 
Had so much fun doing the Valentines party with the Kids and taking them to bingo with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
O and still selling girl scout cookies tomoorow from 11:00 to 1:00 
No heat no hot water and no relief in sight doesn't make for a very happy person 
O and even better nobody can come till tomorrow morning to look at the boiler GRRRR 
@nd thing that happened today my poor little man fell while playing with his sister and really messed up his lip like teeth through his lip :( 
Before I go to bed I would like to say thank you to all my well wishes on my B-day and everybody cross their fingers that the boiler gets fixed tomorrow for good !! 
Yeah the boiler has been fixed yeah hot water and heat !!! 
What a pretty day today so far anyways 
Grrr the d .... snow is back !!!! 
Yeah the sun finally came out 
Yeah the bright gorgeous sun is out this morning !!!!! 
Yeah we just finished our last day of girl scout cookies !!! And we did pretty damn good i have to say go girl scout troop 6 !! 
I hate the halfway point it sucks big balls !!!! 
I hate the halfway point it sucks big balls !!!! still 
And yet again i have no car and have no idea what is the wrong with it !!! 
Hate my stupid stupid car man i miss my husband 
WOW WEE What a beautiful day outside !!! 
AWWWW It needs to warm up 
I can't < PROPFIRST > Haim is dead !!!! I am so sad . 
I can't beleive < PROPFIRST > Haim is dead !!!! I am so sad . 
Still trapped but thank you to the people who are trying to help me out . You know who you are . 
Yeah new battery so I finally have my car and I can go grocery shopping and my kids won't starve anymore 
What a pretty pretty day so far 
Top of the morning to you all on this beautiful St. Patty's Day !!! 
Why can't can't you get drunk enough to forget that you miss the one person almost more than your children !! Damn pity partys 
A beautiful day outside but that darn wind needs to calm down 
I don't care what anybody says one pity party this deployment is ok when you have been only in the damn country for 6months and then they shipped < PROPFIRST > off and all the fucking crazy things that have happened can truly suck my balls cause i have done it all on my own with two damn kids . And no shit i married a military man but somethings you can't plan for 
Going to go get my New < PROPFEMALE > DVD today woohoo 
What a beautiful Sunday !!! 
Strangely enough I am loving the Spring rain . :) 
Had a nice slow Sunday made strawberry rice krispie treats and went to go get pizza . All in all a good day . 
Did Easter eggs with Brie and the neighbors had fun fun but some how my hands ended looking like I strangled a Smurf 
Yeah a beautiful spring day time for gardening to get done ! 
More gardening ! I am lovin it ! And it is beautiful today ! 
Ok so < PROPFEMALE > told me i had to put on here that i did extreme sports down my drive and it was a hoot to see !!! 
SOON SO SOON !!!!!! 
So done with allergies !!! There killin me 
Anticipation is a killer !! 
Today is a HAPPY DAY !!!!!!!!! 
So < PROPFIRST > is home safe and sound but is already at work . Grrr but up side soon will have < PROPMALE > time off 
Happy that < PROPFIRST > and I are finally over the most horrible stomach bug and cross fingers the kids haven't gotten it 
weather has been great here was able to wear shorts 3 days in a row !!! 
Had a awesome time at the Butterfly Park with Brie and her class 
Made it to the states safe and sort of sound now time to crash 
I Love D.C !!! o and today was really happy to see < PROPFEMALE > and got the most amazing tour of the Capital building with a real Capital cop !! 
I forgot how freakin hot it is here !!!! 
Can't believe < PROPFIRST > has just graduated from high school today !!!! 
Had a good dinner with my bffs love you guys bunches and will miss you . And so excited to go to Bush Gardens YEAH !!!!!! 
SOOO A TIE HUH ?????? 
Its so hot here 95 with like 90 something humidity !!! 
One more day till my baby leaves me :( but i know that people will be happy to see her 
SOOOO SAD RIGHT NOW GOING TO MISS MY BUBBLE < PROPFEMALE > 
And we are off again 
Back in D.C then back to England in 2 days 
So the commasary decided that i needed 100 cucumbers ! Then they wouldn't give me my refund for their mistake because they had already closed the register ! 
So cucumber deliema solved yeah !! 
So its hot and sticky but better than being cold i guess 
Man what a day Me and Sawyer had ! First he threw the main house phone in the watering can then he decided that he was going to shove peas up hois nose and not just one BUT THREE PEAS !!! 
Is it crazy that I miss my hubby already and he isn't even been gone a day yet ? \sigh\ " And my little girl too hope she had a good 4th " 
yeah Rain !!! 
Gotha say that < PROPFIRST > that was really sweet of you to send me flowers ! 
Is it bad when you haven't left your in almost three days ? 
Rearranged my whole living area and cleaned the living crap out my downstairs yesterday . Now its time to do the upstairs ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for your help yesterday ! 
Got to say LOve Norwich had a good day ! 
Man i wish someone had told me about the hazards of shaving cause I would never have started ! Almost took my knee off ! 
Done put all new pics on here now to clean the spare bedroom 
Love that he is home again Hate that he leaves again way to soon :( 
Loved the rain today and is it bad to eat a whole box of corn with Sawyer 
So I am pretty sure that i broke my finger and it hurts like fu crap 
Man lookin at pic of my baby girl makes me can't wait till she is home even more 
I swear i heard thunder but where the h ... was the lighting !!! 
so laid outside in the cold with the hubby and we saw some pretty cool Meteors but maybe that is cause we live out in the countryside 
So why did they have to ruin my last weekend with < PROPFIRST > ? grrrrr 
So tried to make real mojito tonight not sure if i want to try it again or just stick with the mix hmmmm 
Man it is so < PROPFEMALE > out it sounds like my house is going to blow away LOL 
What a sad gloomy day :( 
So < PROPFEMALE > is home safe and sound . THANK YOU SOOOO MUCH < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for all your help without you two all would have been lost 
So are we going to see sun today ? My daughter wants to know why it rains so much here . I said it just seems that way cause you just came from Vegas where it doesn't ever rain LOL 
It is good to hear kids running around outside it has been awhile 
and so the school years begin tomorrow 
So I am up super early because Bri is a now a 2nd grader yeah !!! 
All I have to say is whatever .... 
What a beautiful morning ! The sun is shinning cross fingers that it stays this way . 
Why is when you are having a good time someone has to come along and squash it 
So finally caved in and Sawyer is going for his first haircut today !! 
So haircuts are a bust my hairdresser's little one is sick :( O well that just gives me and bri more time to figure out what we are going to do to her hair 
so sawyer is cutton his eye teeth and man is he so crabby they are so swollen and red too no good 
MAn slept like crap that wind sounded like it was going to take the house away last night 
What a pretty cold day doesn't look like any clouds are in the sky 
My good friend < PROPFEMALE > is in need of some help she has to rehome 2 yr old , kid friendly , shar-pei .. let me know ... we would love to be able to take him with us , but he doesn't get along so well with her dog < PROPMALE > and I'm allergic to him . Free to a good home :) 
8 years today I gave birth to a 9lbs 21 1/2 oz bouncing baby girl ! 
Thank you to all my good friends that have helped me make my baby girls birthday special !! 
Am really sad tonight and\ 
question does it make my old if i am in bed before 10pm ? 
what to do today 
Its crappy out time to do laundry yeah ! 
Making blue cupcakes with purple icing with Bri , she picked the colors :) 
A little boy that wakes mommy up 3 times during the night and a really bad sinus headache doesn't make for a happy < PROPFEMALE > 
So done with a stuffy nose ! \ 
Please just change seasons already ok 
\I don't speak no Americano \"" 
Just wanted to say thanks Morrison's for my 70 pound parking fee all cause i went over their time limit 
If for some reason you can't come to my scentsy party but what to buy one here is the link https://orderentry.scentsy.us/Hostess?hostess=3399778 
Why is when your body is tired your mind won't follow suit ? 
Been out all day because had no power and so just ready to sit and stare at the t.v and veg 
Going to start cleaning out the garage wish me luck cause its scarey in there !!! Really big spiders and mice !!!! 
So if you clean and organize the garage does that mean you get to claim it as yours 
I feel like crap mentally and physically but on a up beat note had a good time tonight watching < PROPFEMALE > and Ayden trying to bowl 
Fall Frolic with the kids was a blast !!! 
Had a good time last night with the kids to bad that there weren't as many houses as last year 
I am a Veteran , and a Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . Regardless of personal political views , that is an honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact .... Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Veteran . USAF 2000-present 
Sunday can't come any sooner !!!! 
Ok How funny is this my little man was in a dead sleep this morning then the garbage men rolled by . Then he was wide awake yelling MOmmy cause he wanted to watch them LOL 
Yeah !! My little man is 2 today !!!! 
< PROPMALE > POTTER Was awesome 
Just to let everyone know because of Bt I have no home phone till Monday GRRRR but mommy is here and all is well :) 
YEAH !!! Turkey DAy !!!! 
Wish that i had a bigger house so that I could have invited more people to my house for thanksgiving ! 
ALL I have to say is 2 DAYS !!!!!! 
So confused why is school delayed when there is no snow but yesterday when i had to shovel before i left my drive no delays 
Lithuania is a neat but strange country 
So vodka i am not to sure that you are my friend . I think it maybe a love hate relationship 
Sad that i am leaving my hubby here but missing everyone home too :( 
Back on Uk soil missing my hubby lots and lots 
BLAHHHH BLAHHH 
At least its not snow 
Really Really those poor people at Heathrow and my dad and < PROPFIRST > i hope you all make it home soon 
Made my hubby a shit ton of Christmas baked goodies hope it makes it to him on time 
LETS SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS , BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS , JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY AND FRIENDS . THANK YOU FOR BEING A PART OF MY LIFE . 
....... 
MAn just found out that an old friend died on new years how freakin sad :( 
Soon very very soon 
YEAH he is home !!!! 
FYI to everyone Girl Scout Cookies will be selling in the beginning of Feb . so get ready !!! 
why is it when you thought that you were done with laundry it sneaks back up on you 
I feel like i am in the wizard of oz and my house is going to get picked up and flown away LOL 
Who knew that being a cookie mom would be so detailed but can't complain we sold 128 boxes in 2 hrs WOHO hope the rest goes as well 
Thank yous to everyone for wishing me an awesome birthday !!!!! 
Can't believe i mowed my garden yesterday YEAH !!!! Come on Spring 
This pic is for my little bro who is in Japan and all who live there 
grr so not a happy camper today 
so tired of being by myself 
Finally had a good day awesome weather which led to a hike which led to bbq at lunch time all with really good friends to keep my mind happy 
crap on toast 
So here is to the new club I started Called the BSW 
