Happy New Year !!! 2010 here I come !!! 

Here comes the sun little ... 
< PROPFIRST > Byrne Concert was killer . I love red rocks !! 
Happy Solstice everybody !!! 
Life sure is funny ... 
Good Morning World . It is going to be a beautiful day in Colorado ! 
Ahh payday and it's already spent ... I hate bills ! 
Bored , wondering what to do tonight ... 
Happy 4th of July Everybody !!!! 
Sunday ... where is my football games ... Go Pack go ! 
Happy Birthday to my beautiful daughter < PROPFEMALE > !!! 11 today !!! Holy crap she is starting to get close to scary age ... 
Ready to enjoy a day off ! 
I hate Sundays ... 
Not ready to start my work week ... 
Never ever get married to a crazy person !!! 
Finally ! And end to the drama of my life is near ... I hate loving evil people ... 
Yeah ! it's Saturday !! Only 5 days until some good time off !!! 
One more day of work until some much needed vacation !!!! 
7 more hours til vacation time !!!!! 
Filing for divorce today ... the time of darkness is coming to a close ... 
Can't wait to go to Pueblo tomorrow !!! Partying with old friends ... nothing like it !!! 
Vacation time was good !!! Love hanging with old friends ... 
Scored tickets to Depeche Mode at Red Rocks next Thursday !! Being single again is cool !!! 
I'm tired of being sick !!! This sucks ... 
Depeche Mode Tonight at Red Rocks !!!! Heck Yes !!!! 
Depeche Mode was SWEET !!!! Special thanks to my wing girl and bff < PROPFEMALE > for shelling out the cash and hanging with me through her hangover . You Rock girl !!! 
NOT feeling like working today ... Oh well ... 
It was a beautiful day ! Life is good sometimes ... 
Movies with a friend . What a great way to spend a day off . what's everybody doing tonight ? 
Thursday is the new Friday !!!! 
Labor Day weekend here I come ! To bad I'm working while all of you are chilling ... Anybody got anything fun to do Sunday or Monday night ? 
Anybody but me have to work the entire weekend ? 
Ahhh ... Finally Friday for me after 7 in a row . Looking forward to some good R&R . Maybe the Rockies tonight ... Yeah ! 
Ah a day at the spa ... massage , skin treatment , and the all important sports pedicure . A day of bliss and relaxation ! 
Ahhh , a second day of doing nothing ... I love my weekends ! 
Happy Autumnal Equinox all you pagans !!!! May Goddess bless you all !!! 
Ready for some needed R&R this weekend . And a Sunday off ... Football !!!! Go Pack Go ! 
Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . 
Anybody want to go see Nitzer Ebb on Nov 25th with me ? Tickets are only like $20 or so at the Bluebird !!! Any takers ? 
Monday ... what else is there to say ... 
Great to have great friends . I just want to say thanks for all the support that you all have shown me in my time of distress . I love you all . 
Woke up today , and for the first time in a long while , I was thinking about somebody other than my soon to be ex-wife ! Still miss the shit out of my step kids though ... Much love to < PROPFEMALE > And < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
A little < PROPMALE > over today ... not sure how that happened ... 
My feet are cold !!! 
Another Sunday of work ... Next weekend San < PROPMALE > !!! 
Thursday night 10/15 at 7:00 pm please meet me down at the Park Tavern on 11th and Ogden to help me celebrate my 37th Birthday . Leave a note if you want to come so that I have an idea how many will be attending ! 
Thursday night 10/15 at 7:00 pm please meet me down at the Park Tavern on 11th and Ogden to help me celebrate my 37th Birthday . Leave a note if you want to come so that I have an idea how many will be attending ! 
First day in beautiful San < PROPMALE > was great ! Tomorrow promises to be better . Miss you all wish I could have brought you all with me !!! 
Back in the land of work ... No fun but the time off was nice . A shout out to all that attended by bday bash last Thursday . Thanks for helping me get cut off !!! Yeah . I love all of you ! 
Brrrr ... Cold is not good ... 
Tired of being inside !!! Anybody want to make snow angels with me ? 
About to start another long work week . Hope this one goes by quick ! I'm ready for another day off ! 
Funny how just when we think we know where our life is going a new fork in the road appears !!! I am greatful for the new options presented to me !!! Thanks , to she knows who she is ... 
It's my Friday and I am ready to Party !!!! 
A shout out to my friends < PROPFIRST > and Saphyre . Congradulations on your nuptuals today !!! I wish you both the best of luck and a long life of prosperity and happiness !! And to the rest of you ... Howdy , and I love you all !!! 
Got all my new stuff for horse back riding lessons ! New boots , helmet , grooming supplies ... Yeah me !!! 
Yesterday was no fun ... went to divorce court for preliminary hearing and it went faster than if I had a speeding ticket ! I was in there 5 minutes . No kidding ! It's a sad statement about our society when we can disolve a marriage faster than we can pay a traffic fine ... I'm bummed that it seems like the only person my marriage was important to was me ... Oh well , what did I expect ... sympathy from the government ? 
All work and no play makes me a dull boy ... 
Good morning world !!! Day off tomorrow just in time for the snow . Anybody off and want to go see a movie ? 
Hoping I get to see my kids for , or around , the holidays !! Keeping my fingers crossed ... 
Loving life , having a hell of a day ... so far ! 
Friday is here !!! < PROPFEMALE > with my horse and chill tonight ... oh yeah !!! 
Are you ready for some football !!! Go Bronco's!! Go Packers !! 
Brand new computer compliments of my big brother < PROPMALE > !!! Holy freakin early < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! I am blessed !!! 
Yeah it's Friday !!! Sort of ... 
Day off ... Yeah me !!! 
Today I am thankful to be alive ! I have wonderful friends and family , a great job , and many many blessings . Thank You all for being part of my life ! 
Hope everyone has a safe and family filled Thanksgiving . I am looking forward to seeing my kids in 2 short weeks !!! 
So are you ready for some football !!!! 
One week until I get to see the kids !!! Can't wait !!! 
I am getting tired of the snow but because it makes work for me very slow ... 
Can I get a \GO PACK GO\ " from anyone ? " 
Off to see the kids in Oregon ! Yeah for a little early Christmas ! 
Trip to Oregon was awesome !!! Had a blast with the family !!! 
I have a new cat and it won't shut up ! Do they make muzzles for cats ? 
Avatar in 3D tonight at 7 !!!! Call me if you want to go and see it at Arvada Old Towne theater . Number is on my profile ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all near and far ! I love you all and wish you all the happiest new year possible !!!! 
Glad Christmas is over ... looking back on the last year of my life I wish I had done somethings differently . Mostly though I wish I had to miss fewer people ... To all of them that I do miss I love you all and wish you where near . Happy New Year !!! 
Ready for a new year and new beginings ! 
Happy New Year !!!!! 
Anybody want to buy me breakfast and bloody's ? I'm broke ... :-) Happy New Year !!! 
One thing to say for today ... Go Pack Go !!!! 
I am offically announcing that I am moving to < PROPFEMALE > San < PROPMALE > towards the end of April . My offfical last day at work is April 15th And I'll probably be leaving within a week of that . Some of you may wonder why I'm leaving my home of the last 30 years . I'll just say this , for the first time in a long time there is nothing to tie me down . 
With my divorce final tomorrow and the kids living in another state , I need a c < PROPFEMALE > e ! The depth of my grief is greater than even I imagined . I love all of you and thank you all for the support that you have given me over the last year of my life . I will miss all of you and hope that some of you can come out for a visit . So if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out the clock is ticking ... you have 3 months to catch up with me !! 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . ? So love the people who treat you right . ? Forget about the one's who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . Post to your wall if you agree . 
go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
A day off . Tonight , A gathering of old highschool friends ! Shaping up to be a fun filled great day !!! 
Just had a great time catching up with old high school friends ! Looking through year books again ... oh God did my hair really look like that in the 80's! lmao !!! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > for putting together that fantastic gathering ! CFAHS Classes of 88-91 great times remembered . 
Day off today !!! It might be time to reallt start working on this move to San Diego ... Or I could just be lazy ... 
A night off and feeling some power lounging coming on .... 
Buying tickets to go and see the kidos ... Yeah !!! I miss my girls ... 
I owe , I owe it's off to work I go ... 
Valentines Day . Yet another holiday that your loved ones can totally disappoint you on ... 
Ahh , it's Friday ... sort of ... Yeah !!!! 
A day off !!! Sushi for lunch ... yum ... Shaping up to be a nice day . :-) 
Chillin like a villian ... yep , I'm original ! 
Life sure is funny ... ;-) 
6 days off !!! Heck Yes !!!! 
Home from a trip to see the kidos !!! Great trip !!! 
I have set the official launch date of the move to San < PROPMALE > for April 17th . If you all want to < PROPFEMALE > out let me know , but remember I'm poor until I leave so if you want to go for beers or such you are buying ... ;-) I am going to miss you all bunches !!! 
Friday night , with a snow storm in the air and nothing to do ... suggestions ? 
If anyone is really bored today and wants to help me move my stuff into storage give me a call at 720 341 2675 . We are starting early ! Many hands and trucks makes light work !!! Thanks in advance to all that respond !!! 
Move out complete ! Now just waiting for the road trip to begin ... 
I am looking for a new home for my cat Jinx . Or at least someone that is currently petless and willing to cat sit for about 2 months . He is a good 10.5 year old black cat , but doesn't do well with othe cats . Dogs are probably okay if they are of mellow disposition(not hyper ) call me if you are interested or would consider long term sitting . 720 341 2675 thanks all . 
Well all , my going away party is officially scheduled for Friday 8pm Rialto Cafe on 16th Mall . Anyone that gives a hoot about not seeing me for awhile should attend ... Let me know if you plan on dropping by so I can have the party number right for the restaurant . Thanks . 
4 Days to launch !!! SoCal here I come !!! 
May last day at TMI ! Man I'm going to miss all my people !! Less than 48 hours to launch . Not going to be able to log on for a week or two but i'll shoot out a note when I get landed . Love you all and will miss you all tons . Here I come California !!! 
Have driven 1100 < PROPMALE > and and visiting my wonderful stepmom < PROPFEMALE > in quaint little Genoa , NV . < PROPFEMALE>'s oldest settlement ! Miss you all already !!! 
Going to Seattle today !!! Going to have a great time this weekend !!! Half way through the road trip . 
Leaving Seattle today to go back to Oregon for 2 more days then on to San < PROPFIRST > to < PROPFEMALE > with an old friend . Yeah me . 
Oregon was great ! The kids are good and everything turned out as I expected . Awesome ! In San < PROPFIRST > today . Going up to San < PROPFIRST > for my last day before landing in beautiful southern California . Miss you all bunches thanks to all for the positive thoughts and good wishes !!! 
Attention ! The Eagle has landed . I am now in and at where I will be for a while . Beautiful San < PROPMALE > . It was a balmy 75 today with lots more of that expected in the future . Good road trip ! Not what I hoped it would be , but it was what I expected it would be . You all need to come and visit ... soon ! 
Got my first job interview tomorrow at 2:00 pm . Wish me luck and think employment thoughts for me ! 
Cinco de Drinko !!! Might have one or two today ... Supposed to be a big deal out here ... Not sure why though ... 
One face to face and two phone interviews since yesterday . Another face to face tomorrow ! Wish me luck guys . I REALLY need to start working soon ! Think BIG money to just cause that never hurts ! 
Okay I'll say this ... San < PROPMALE > is beautiful but I really miss all my friends ... To all my peeps , \What up from the west coast !!! \"" 
3 interviews between now and Moday morning !!! Yeah me ! Please think good thoughts for me !!! I need a freakin job !!! 
I'm starting to get a little frustrated with my job hunt . Lots of interviews but still no offers . Starting to get scared i'll never find anything ... 
Starting to wonder if I made the second biggest mistake of my life ... 
Got my first official offer , for a part time supervisor position . Have a couple of more interviews for today and next week . I keeping my fingers crossed for a better full time job but if no one says anything I'll take the part time to get by . Maybe things are starting to look up ! I need to get working because I'm broke and more importantly I'm bored silly ! 
Went down to Newport beach today to check out the young people scene . Cool place . Lots of bars , shops , etc ... and amusment park rides ! Would have been nice to have a wingman or two but still nice to get out and walk around . 
I think i'm going to get a good job offer tonight at 6pm . They are calling me back for a third meeting/interview , and they already spent the money on my background check . Pretty sure that means a job offer ... Pray for good money for me ! I need this ! 
Well it is official . I have a job and start next week !!!! Yeah me !!! I'll be working at a place called Acapulco's . It's a Mexican restaurant with a night club part as well . It's located in San < PROPMALE > so I'll I'm just 15-20 minutes to the beach ! I'm so happy I could pee my pants ! Thanks all for your outpouring of support and all your positive thoughts and prayers . I am so grateful . Let my new life begin !!! 
Good night all . Spending way to much time on computer lately ... Can't wait to start working ... 
I got the house to myself for a few days then up to LA on Monday to start training at my new job . I am starting to head in the right direction ... 
Start training at my new job tomorrow up in LA for next 7 weeks . Not sure I'll get to use a computer much in that time , so I hope you all have a fantastic week . I know I will . P.S. Got invited to a BBQ today . My first social event in Southern Cal ! I'm excited to meet some new people ! 
One year ago today my whole life changed . Still not sure if it was for the better for everyone concerned in the long run ... I miss so many things , and some I don't miss at all . Funny thing , time . All I know now is that I'm glad to be alive . And to have the best friends anyone could ever ask for ! 
In LA training for the new job . Not sure if it's my dream job but it beats being broke . Thanks for all the nice notes folks ... you all the best ! I pick em good ! Love my friends !!! 
One more day of work then back to good ole San < PROPMALE > !!! Yeah me ! Training going very well ... 
Chillin at the casa enjoying a beautiful So Cal day ... I think this place is starting to grow on me ... 
It is a sad day in < PROPMALE > today . My friend had to put down her horse < PROPFEMALE > today . The old man ( 27 yrs old ) , as I called him , was a wonderful beast . He brought joy to my life and the lives of my kids , my ex-wife and many many others in his time . He helped me to discover that I have a deep love of horses , and he carried me on my first trail ride a week or so before I left < PROPMALE > . He will be very missed ... 
Hotel in here in LA doesn't have Showtime ... No True Blood ... I'm pissed !!! 
Tired ... Just one more day of work then rest ... 
Back in San < PROPMALE > for a couple of days . Nice to kick back and chill . 
Two more days and no more kitchen training . Heck yes ! Back to the front of the house where I belong ! Mewbourne , don't say a word ... 
Last day of kitchen training and I got to talk to the kids ! A good day , but somehow I still feel ... well lonely ... Miss my friends , my ex , my kids ... no comments needed . I'm just saying cause I'm feeling . 
A couple of days off ... Nice ! 
I think I hate my new job ... 
I have lost 17 pounds since leaving Colorado . 20 more to go . California body here I come ! 
Back to work ! My last 8 days of training in LA , then back to San < PROPMALE > for good ! About damn time I say . Now my life can really begin to take form here ... 
Well I thought I was going to be allowed to go home to San < PROPMALE > for good now that training has been completed ... but no . My boss in his infinite wisdom has decided to stick me at another store for 2 more weeks before letting me get my life started ... I'm so sick of sleeping in hotels ... 
Well it looks like they are trying to keep me in Moreno Valley for a bit longer than I expected . This is not making me happy at all . Yes at least I have a job , but I rather be unemployed in San < PROPMALE > than employed in a place that seems to have let the trailer park send all it's rejects to them . The quest for a new job begins ... 
Yeah back to San < PROPMALE > for good on Monday !!! Finally my 9 week road trip for training and all that is over ! Yeah me !!!!! 
Start at my new home store today in San < PROPMALE > . Finally , after 9 weeks of sleeping in hotels and training and lots and lots of other emotional trials , I'm back where I wanted to be all along . Time for the hard work to start paying off ... 
End of week one at the new store ... Okay so far . Headed to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > tomorrow morning for a wedding ... Yeah ! 
Headed to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > for a beautiful beach wedding ! This is going to be a great weekend ! 
Went to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > for a awesome wedding over the weekend . California sure is beautiful . Met some very wonderful people to ! The only thing that would have made it better was a date on my arm ... Oh well those things will come in there own time ... 
Let see here .... 65 hours in the last 6 days and still two more days to go ... This job sucks and I miss < PROPMALE > .... and people there ... 
Someone give me a sign !!!! What am I supposed to do ?!?!? with my life ... 
Moved back to Denver ... in case you hadn't heard through the grapevine . Guess I just missed of of you to much !!! I did get to do some cool things though ... Beaches , zoos , wedding , hanging with my dad ... Nice place I just wouldn't want to live there unless I made a lot more money . You never know until you try ... 
Moving in to my new place on Friday . Start my job on Thursday ! Good week ahead ! 
Anyone want to help me move Friday or Saturday ? If so give me a shout 720 341-2675 . Trucks and vans are helpful to ! 
Moving today ! Yeah Back to my old stomping grounds !!! 
Move complete ! Just a few things to unpack . Love being back in Capitol Hill !!! To all my friends out there , call me lets < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Got internet again ... Back on the net . Yeah me !!! 
Have this coming weekend off ... any suggestions for something to do that is cheap or even better free !!! Anybody want to join in ? 
Good Morning world !!! 
So are you ready for some football ?!?!? 
Looking for suggestions for something to do next Saturday night or Sunday for my birthday . Anyone ???? 
So hi everyone . My Birthday is this Sunday and anyone and everyone is invited to join me at Choppers Sports Grill at 80 S . < PROPFEMALE > st. in < PROPFEMALE > Creek to watch football and get a nice buzz on ... Please post a comment if you plan on showing so I have an idea of how many people are gonna come ... Thanks love all ... and if no one comes I still love you all !!! 
To ALL my friends out there thank you for the birthday wishes !!! I was home passed out by 6:30 ! Birthday mission accomplished !!! 
The start of the last week of October ... where did the month go ??? 
Hey all if your downtown today or you want to see me I'm bar tending brunch at the < PROPMALE > Mountain Diner at 18th and Stout . Come down and visit ... Have A bloody < PROPFIRST > ... yum ! 
Hey to my people !!! I'm bar tending tonight at < PROPMALE > Mountain Diner at 18th and Stout . Come on down for a visit and watch some Monday night foot ball with me !!! 1/2 off apps from 4-6 !! See ya !!! 
One more shift and then 2 days off !!!! 
Must be Monday ... 
Just saw the Rockette's Christmas show at Pepsi Center . Very Entertaining !!! I guess I'm ready for the Holidays !!! Thanks to my friend < PROPFIRST > for the tickets !!! You da man !!! 
Holy snowy weather !!! 
Short day at work today . Anybody want to buy me lunch this afternoon ?!?!? 
Bartending tonight at the < PROPMALE > Mountain Diner . Come on down tonight and have some pan fried chicken and beer at my bar !!! 18th and Stout downtown . 
If anybody is bored tonight , come on down and watch the Bronco game with me . You will have to sit at my bar and watch me work to but if you have nothing better to do ... < PROPMALE > Mountain Diner 18th and Stout .!! 
Finally an end to my 10 days straight working . Looking forward to spending time with my family tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
i hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving . I know I did . Glad to be back in Colorado with friends and family . Wow can't believe this year had gone by so quick . Mission accomplished ... I gained 5 pounds yesterday !!! 
Sick as hell today ... Have the lung crap from hell !!! Makes me feel like dying ... Ugh :-( 
Still have the lung crap from hell !!! I'd like to thank < PROPFEMALE > at work for this wonderful gift ... Can't miss any more work !!! 
Trying to get better !!! Now my lungs feel better but it's moved in to my sinus cavity ... Arrgh !!! Sickness sucks !!! 
Just had three days off with nice friends . Thanks peeps ! you guys made it a great weekend ! 
The Warriorr's Way ... Not to bad of a flick if you like violence for the sake of violence ... and I do ! 
Hey everybody ! Come on down and have a drink witrh me tonight at < PROPMALE > Mountain Diner . I'm working the bar until 10:00 . Good food !!!! 
Hey all I'm headed to the Pub on Penn ( 13th and Penn ) to watch some football . Drop by or shoot me a text if you want to < PROPFEMALE > today !!! 
TO ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!! Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx 24 ... hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his family . 
Does anyone have a steam cleaner that I can borrow ? My < PROPFEMALE > apartment is to big for one of the rentals ... If so please let me know !!! Thanks ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Whatever !!! 
To all my friends , Happy New Year !!! May this one be better than the last !!! 
I can't wait for things to start popping in the new year . Just have a good feeling about this one !!!! 
Work at 5 then on to try some new things tonight ... Yeah new things ... 
Went to < PROPFEMALE > Ranch tonight ... WOW !!! It is all true !!! 
Go Pack Go !!!!!! 
Need a new job ... Not making money ... love the people I work with but , a man has to eat ... 
Doesn't want to work today ... he just wants the money ... 
Off to the slave pits ! Pray the money gods smile on me !!! Ohm ... 
Go Pack GO !!! 
Thanks facebook for once again helping me find and get together with and old friend !!! Had a great breakfast and have a good start on catching up on the last 20 years ! I love the \Social Network \"..." 
Been divorced for a year now ... Boy has it been a interesting last 12 months ... I still miss the kids and even the ex wife to . Probably always will a little , but I'm in a much better place in my heart and mind now . Thank you to all of my friends standing by me . I couldn't ask for a better group of \chosen family\ " . I love you all !!! " 
How many of us really know all of the people on our fb friend list ?? Here's a task for YOU -I want all my FB friends to comment on this status or message me of HOW YOU MET/KNOW ME . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed what people remember My turn give it a go 
All my praying has come down to this !!!! The Super Bowl !!!! Go Packers !!! 
