Starting the new year tired ashell . Whooo ! 

Second day of the year , feels the same as yesterday 
haven't been on this in forever , need to be more active : * 
what's all this VMA stuffs ? 
oh ! wow i'm so clueless :\\ 
I miss my camera :( 
Violining it up 
Plan : Shower , then more violin , then sleep 
stuff stuff and more stuff 
I think I might have an obsesion problem #_ # 
I miss my camera !!!!!!!! :'( 
my shirt smells like pizza , i didn't even eat pizza today , weird ..... 
Mmm , Baja Fresh * drool * 
Embrace the anger , let it trive you mad untill your sanity no longer exists . Then enjoy your new found psychotic nature . ^_^ 
Tired and going to take little < PROPFIRST > nap 
Paint Class is so Awesome Sauce 
Grumble Grumble 
Relax , Take it Easy ! 
Going to sleep way to late 
School was soooooo exausting today ! 
my face is super red from sun burn right now :p 
Wagarble 
It's to hot to stay inside , i need something to do : * 
Omg I'm so Hyper , this is what happens when I stay inside all day *_* 
Went hiking today , super awesomeness . Haven't done so in forever 
Listenin ' to bunch o beatles songs . Bunches and bunches 
listenin ' to bunch o beatles songs . Bunches and bunches 
i love my violin 
Ohs nos ! I forgot to do reading for school , gots to do it now ! 
Ride on the beach , fall asleep at the lake and an actiony movie . good day 
I think I broke my bike :'( 
MY DAD FIXED MY BIKE ! HE IS SO AWESOME ! WOO ! 
Exausted but it feeling good 
man , I have to go to that stupid workshop thing at school . I don't wana :( 
my dad's feeling lazy so I guess i'm not going to the senior thing today 
After a brisk bike ride I get to go to Soup plantation SWEET ! 
I kind of want to go to sleep , but then I don't .... 
got nothingto do but argue w/ my friend on tagged about nothing :p 
Today , I was thinking about the expression ' revenge is a dish best served cold ' . Then I considered that ' revenge is sweet ' . I've come to the conclusion that revenge is ice cream . MLIA -MyLifeIsAverage 
not much to do :p 
don't have the time or the energy to ride my bike :( i'll try to go tomarrow 
chugging a bottle of sparkling cider , mmm 
Going to a memorial suvice for my mom , * sigh * church 
going to go to the beach when i wake up 
home made burgers , yum 
The only thing about days off is I have nothing to do 
Just changed my language to pirate , this is going to take some getting use to 
Super tired and asleep 
Pie and Scooby-doo , good way to start the day 
I hate it when I get stuff stuck between my teeth 
So bored , need something to do 
Just got my CST , I sure know my US History 
Today sucked , except for pie in the morning and cookies after dinner :p 
Blood drive is tomarrow :P I have to help over see it and give blood , gah ! 
I hate how fast cookies always run out 
Man , giving blood takes alot out of you ( no pun intended ) . 
ZombieLand is one of the best movies I have EVER seen 
mmm , samich 
It's hard to do the < PROPFEMALE > walk in ancle socks , they keep sliding off :p 
beach bike run 
That bike ride was killer , can't believe I made it . My legs feel like they're on fire . 
Man , I wish I could find a site that gives free sheet music for my violin :( 
Does any one have \The Music Man\ " on VHS or DVD do I can barrow it ? " 
My camera came today WOO CAMERA !!!!!!!!!!!! 
music man is such a great movie 
Tito's Tacos forme !!!! 
finally got caught up with my heros episodes 
Who else had an awesome Halloween ? 
OMG ! I can't believe I'm sick the day before Home Coming ! 
At home , nothing to do :p 
I need more eatables up in this house ! 
Man , I should have done some of my hw today . O well , just more for me todo tomorrow . 
Dam my internet ! 
My birthday's tomarrow ! Now I can finally be tried as an adult WOO ! 
Ya ! I'm of legal age ! Happy B-day to me 
I hate having a soar throat 
being sick is so boring 
Tiredness Overwhelming ! 
I wish i could contiously control when i'm tired , it would make life so much better 
I hate fucking forgetting thing I was going to do right before I'm about to do them ! 
I swear vacations give me insomnia 
Sleeping is so over rated :P 
There is no < PROPMALE > i'm not going to be tired tomorrow at school 
Must aquire job ! 
So much stuff I got to remember to do . 
I've been getting really tired early . What is up w/ that ? 
Loving this much needed rain 
Driving my self crazy 
Hard decisions are hard . 
Woo ! I just heard thunder ! Awesome ! 
omg it's so nice out , need something to do . maybe I'll fetch out my bike 
Just got back from an amazing orchastra concert 
got my sad face on 
omg , bored 
one step closer to my license woo ! 
I don't know why , but I feelreally up beat right now 
stupid weather got me sick 
more rest for the wary 
Have you ever talked to that guy on the corner in black whos cloths use to be another color ? 
Ramen is freaken noodleishious ! 
Grah ! I hate yard work 
just got back from an ok mardy gras party 
Damit I lost my study guide ! No !!!!!!!! 
Vageta ! What does the scouter say about his power level !? 
I miss the old facebook already :'( 
/\\ ||| \\\\ S ! ||| \\/ 
If your like them and they're like you , then neither of you exist 
man , it's so boring over here , if only i had a car * sigh * 
I have abosolutly nothing to do this weekend :( 
chicken is delicious in every culture 
RAMEN ! 
I just red the most depressing story ever :( 
I forgot how cold it is up in the mountains 
Was going to go to the movies and now I'm sick :( 
Man , I haven't done anything all day but i'm tired as fuck anyways 
Thinking of flipping the paper over and using the blank side 
Dam my procrastinating ways , dam them all to hell ! 
Belief person that defies their normal , rational way of thinking and despite their liberal and logical views on all other subjects , does not change : 
I forgot how fun hangman is 
I need to stop taking showers right before I go to sleep . My hair never dries fast enough :( 
Work work 
Get to sleep in tomorrow ! woot ! 
And then I was like \WAPAAAHHH ! \"" 
Hacking is so complicated to learn ! Arrrg ! 
Shot or stabed ? 
Knowledge base : explosives , basic hacking , matial arts , lockpicking . I feel like a mercinary or something roght now ^_^ 
3rd degree burns feel so weird 
I want some pizza so bad right now 
The republicans are killing me with their comedy man , they've become a super outsiders joke 
ufts 
this coffee is making me thirsty 
The most amazing thing about history is how little everyone knows about it 
I've always wondered how Jews got the stereotype of being smart , now I think I have an idea of where it comes from . 
I love that feeling of random burst of energy , especially when I can let it out and there's no one around to make me embarrassed about it . 
Being sick always makes me so sleepy 
I'm so pissed at any one who told me Kick Ass was a really good movie . I left the theater feeling so disappointed , like I'd been dumped or something . 
I need to get some kind of chip intalled in my brain that knocks me out at 10:00 on school nights . fuck , 
I always wonder how I would act in a life threatining siduation 
I went to the UCLA book fair today and got a free AL-QUR'AN ( english translation of the QUR'AN ) . WOO ! 
TO much work ! It'll be such a relief in a week when i'm done :p 
Salty pasta is salty >:p 
< PROPMALE > Buffet is my new favoret person 
I can not freaken modivate my self to finish my homework , frustrating 
Katana or pump shotgun ? 
I can not unsee it Gaah ! 
SO much pressure :P Guess I'm going to prom solo 
Done with HW , now I get to sleep . YAY ! ^_^ 
Always on the brinck of anarchy 
Nightmare on elm street is one of the better horror movies I've seen 
HW day :( 
I hate day where the only time I go out side is to eat 
Reflex in general always amazes me . That you can throw an object in the air , and with very little consious effort , possition your hand exactly where it will end up , matching the valocity of the object minus a small amount , thus catching it . Amazing . 
Should have been in bed 30 minutes ago :p 
Iron Man was pretty good . 
Just got my yearly hair cut 
having second thoughts about the hair cut .... to late :p 
circumstances are rarely convenient 
The enemy fear is . Hesitate you must not . Reprocutions there are few . Mend all things will in time . 
amazing how just seeing something can effect you so dramaticly 
Dam leadership interviews put off my plans >:( 
Bandwagons crash all the time cuz so many people are always jumping on them 
Fell asleep with my laptop on :p 
I got this weird presure head ache . doesn't hurt but it's annoying 
Tired as fuuuuuuuu ! 
was suppose to but didn't , oh well 
had the bombest tocas today 
popcorn , my fav snack 
fiddling with a fiddle 
FIIIIIRE ! FIRRRRE ! FIUUUUUUUUUR ! * BOOM BOOM * - Pirates fo the Caribbean 3 
I can't wait to start over again in college ^_^ 
Now not going to prom 
I love that clean mouth feeling 
Tag your it 
But , but , but ....... 
this is an awesome game 
Bonfire was cool until the music got policed 
fuck my internet !!!! 
just set pandora to reminisce mode 
My back fucking hurts ! 
A chese sweat shop worker died of exaustion yesterday after working a 36 hour shift . What was she making ? MOTHER FUCKING iPHONES ! 
had a french baguette today , fuckin delicious ! 
Tomorrow is last day of real school 
Stupid game won't work 
Does anyone know where we go to get our tickets for graduation ? 
That was the best graduation I've been to , Going to miss people 
I need stuff to do for the next to days or death 
Start learning to drive tomorrow , I feel so behind 
While at Tito's Taco's with my dad this little kid walked up to us with a bag of < PROPFEMALE > corn and gave us each one . It was adorable . 
Descoverd an amazing comic yesterday 
Really fun last few days 
stuck here and bored as fuck 
I love my microwave , it pops perfect popcorn everytime 
I know it's a slow day when I take two showers -.- _ -.- 
Came home to water shooting out the side walk . Aparantly someone backed over the firehydran at the corner of my street . 
first day I actually have SOMETHING to do 
Damit , can't find my bike lock :( 
Typing from y new PC ^_^ 
Almost got ran over by a friend 
Exercise is heavenly 
I didn't do it , nobody saw me do it , can't prove anything 
5.9 earthquake making me think I'm crazy 
Have become very interested in human anatomy resently 
Organizing 
Require additional funds ! 
got this awesome app for my broweser where every time I but my mouse on a word a little window pops up with spanish varients 
All day on the computer -_- 
< PROPFIRST > black is fucking hilarious , no pun intended 
Learning more and more every day 
The heat is making me loose sleep 
I have a smile imprinted on my mind 
Noticing a difference 
Had an interesting convo just now 
Is there anyone that can hook me up with a job ? no joke 
I want it I want it I want it ! 
I need something to do at all times of the day , always 
Sadly I have further given in to social networking and created a twitter\fyeJack \"" 
My friend is out from hawaii ! 
Buff legs 
My mind keeps exploding , it's kind of uncomfortable 
Those that believe in the creation of existence always fascinate me in debate . When I argue with them and they present me with a question that I can't answer with any factual evidence , they always act as if this lack of evidence is proof of a higher power . In effect saying , \It can't be explained therefore I can explain it . \ " Truly befalling " 
If I died in an hour there have been plenty of ideas as knowledge I've shared with others . Those things may not ever be atributed to me but they're there and they always will be and they will continue to grow even after I'm gone . There's no reason I need to want any more than that . 
I just noticed today I sleep two hours less when I sleep comfortably 
my hair's all short now 
Blew this dudes mind with a logic is circular reasoning statement . It was lolz 
I hate it when your mind says sleep but your body says \I don't wana \"" 
Some times I think so hard to exausts me 
Is it weird that I want to join the police force or a government agency for the experiance ? 
My x-box brokeded T_T 
fuck my old wallet 
Bastard swords are awesome 
I learned how to use an abucus today , yay me ! 
omg ! Why can't i sleep ! 
I'm so busy this week , it's great 
I have come to the conclusion that \Don't get smart with me ! \"= \ " Don't you dare use my own ignorance against me ! \"" 
For the first time in my life I've woken up not hungry 
I noticed today that there are no black people in my English class 
Only have three college classes , but I have more time for a job . Now I just need to get one 
Trebuchets are amazing 
everything is amazing 
Today I perfected my < PROPMALE > of grilled cheese making 
Watched a House committee hearing today cuz < PROPFIRST > Colbert was on it . Those things are soooooooooooooo boring , ug . 
Quantum physics is a trip 
Angry rambling people always make good entertainment 
ugh . This Vanilla Soda is so sweet 
Got my costume on lock 
I'm not really a Communist , but when ever I try to explain the form of government I prefer people always get confused and call me dumb . So for now I sticking with Communist . 
I can never stand still when watching Jackass . Shit is wow . 
I can never enjoy comedy movies that get their comedic value from being really really stupid 
My chest feels like it's compressed 
i has a donut ! Yum 
Tdoay , I raed taht as lnog as sracmlbed wrods hvae the frist and lsat lteter in the rhigt pclae ayonne can raed tehm . 
I'm so tired I'm actually considering going to bed 
Fun night and morning 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Blvd . was super packed . Saw some awesome costumes though 
failed first drivers license attempt :( 
My mind was blown again today 
These new emoticons are so freaky lookin ' 
Biology is so cool 
going to be out of town until saturday 
The more I learn the more I understand how bliss ignorance truely is 
Home at last 
< PROPMALE > Gervais is a funny dude 
Going to have to shun the outside world until I'm done with this damn research paper 
I'm thinking about committing class treason 
For some reason the texting on my facebook refuses to work . Wtf ? 
I have three cups on my desk , only one is filled with liquid and I just grabbed an empty cup and tried to drink from it . I feel like there is a message here that I'm missing . 
After almost a week of social isolation I finally finished and turned in my research paper 
dam facebook and all its glitches 
If you want a FREE DOLLAR just comment bellow and I'll get back to you 
sore throats are the worst 
I have quite the dilemma , I must chose between eating and experiencing excruciating pain when swallowing or eat and be unable to taste anything ... 
Wow , I just found out Obama's father is an atheist . Trippy 
Wasting days of my life being sick 
yum yum pie 
Excelcior ! 
Thanx everyone for the birthday wishes . Funny story , I totaly forgot my birthday was today , I was reminded by my dad yesterday morning lol ^_^ 
Awesome Music + Refreshing Shower = Bliss 
Often when I tell some one I don't like this country their response is , \If you don't like this country then why don't you leave ! \ " This prominent attitude in < PROPFEMALE > is exactly why I don't like it . " 
Sitting in front my laptop of 3 in the morning just being awesome 
The rain stopped :( 
I've noticed that it's really easy to save money by just not doing anything . Been eating one square meal a day cuz I've been just sitting here doing nothing . Thought for the wallet ;) 
I try only to use the microwave for quickly heating water . 
I can see clearly now the rain is gone !! 
first time having Red < PROPFEMALE > Cheese Cake and I must say , best thing on the planet 
Often do empires fall when the nation is not driven for the many . Rarely are communities created in the interest of the few . 
“People are , if anything , more touchy about being thought silly than they are about being thought unjust . ” - E . B . White ( Despicable ) 
Waking up hungry on Christmas morning 
Got some awesome headphones 
Chocolate ball/puff things + eggnog = meh 
Home again 
First day of rain that I'm actually bored :( 
You know ? I really don't mind being wrong , I just sooo hate it when the person I'm arguing with is the kind of person that likes to rub it in my face when they win . So , to those people I'm an ass in debates and become stubborn . I wish no one was like that , I hate being stubborn . 
Past my drivers test today , woot ! 
\You know his name wasn't really Jesus Christ 
Delicious home made tacos for dinner , yum . 
I own and operate more then one computer at a time , does that make me a nerd ? \ 
Yes it does , WOOOOOOO !!!!!! 
Where the fuck did the time go today !?! 
I wonder if a religion of < PROPMALE > could get tax exemption ... 
I'm so glad Acetaminophen exists 
We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once . -Friedrich Nietzsche 
I has a skype ^_^ 
Ip Man 2 is an amazing movie 
I find it extremely disturbing how quickly my mind can be made to form irrational thoughts by out side sources 
The last two days have the laziest days of my life 
How do you confuse a blond ? \ 
\ 
Paint yourself green and throw forks at her . 
Lost my charger , again . GRRRRAAAAHHH !!!!! 
The phaonmneel pweor of the hmuan mnid : Aoccdrnig to a rscheearcr at Cmagbride Uinervtisy , it deosn't mttaer in waht oredr the ltteers of a wrod are , the olny iprmoatnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . The rset can be a taotl mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit a porbelm . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . Amzanig huh ? 
I don't think I will ever get tired of the music from \The Music Man\ " ( The original of course ) " 
Preconceptions are dangerous things 
Homework in the morning before school . I'm so responsible . 
google \241543903\ " and look at images " 
Just sitting at my computer , eatting a carrot 
I was riding my bike w/ a < PROPMALE > a short while ago when it started raining and when we stopped at a light he had small bits of ice on his jacket 
My ab muscles are so sore :( 
I love it when I just start to run low on food ' cause it forces me to get creative with what I have left . 
My attempt at a haiku ... \ 
Slave to food and drink\ 
I rather not < PROPMALE > my self\ 
With vodka and weed 
Spanish class is killing me 
Mardi Gras at The Grove ^_^ 
Last night wasn't as awesome as I was hoping , so disappointed 
What's fun to do in LA at 7:00 pm that doesn't cost a lot ? 
Do you know why all objects fall at the same rate ? Be honest 
Love Root Beer 
Just watched a documentary on < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and his Stunt choreography . Dude is amazing , I respect the man even more now . 
Some crazy guy mumbling to himself fucking coughed on me and now I think I'm sick . FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
You know ... if we all actually supported our mass transit system $4.00 a gallon wouldn't be that big of a deal to most of us 
Gah ! Waking up at 3:30 feels horrible 
I hate days where I'm inside all day >:( 
Need < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Looks like it's homework untill I find something better to do -_- 
Naps are wonderefull things . So refreshing . 
Nights with nothing to do ... the worst . 
Finally found a good recipe for smoothies : two drop vanilla extract + 1 cup oj/ice + fruit = Delicious 
Long weekend starting out awesome 
Guess I'm just sitting on my couch until someone invites me to do something . 
Exiting morning , dull afternoon , lets see how the evening goes 
hmm , these meatballs aren't that bad 
