Official music video for The Veer Union : Seasons : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxq2-_LeOPo 

Why does everyone go offline when i go to talk to them ? 
I would post another song im working on but well first off its not done yet and second off i think people are getting tired of see them 
Needs to know if all the band members of UndeterMined can get the eighteenth off for practice . 
Is kinda mad cause he can't find his music folder adn he needs it to practice for band camp . 
Can't wait till tomorow ! I fly out to < PROPFEMALE > on my own and see my best friends . 
wow left for seven days and suddenly theres tons to read . Dont know if i will or if i'll just skip and stay out of the loop for a little bit . 
Bored out of my mind . Need something to do . I can't remember half of the legend of sleepy hollow and i still need to write a 500 word essay one the differences and similarities between ichabod crane and bram bones . I also can't get through the book becuas 
A soldier signs up for the army . After bootcamp his unit is being shipped off to europe to fight in WWII . While equipment was being handed out they ran out of rifles and he was handed a broomstick . His commanding officer said , \A < PROPMALE > comes at you point " 
WOOHOO ! WOOHOO ! WOOHOO ! Guess who passed Geometry and Biology ! 
Back from band camp . Learned tons of good stuff . Had two classes taught by an amazing tumpet player who is one of the top 5 in the world . Its amazing what he can do . I'll post a video soon . 
Is Listening to Dust on the Bottle by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Murphy 
Is Listening to a song called Pac Man Fever . By Buckner and Garvia . look it up its amazing . My dad introduced me to it 
Song changed to whiskey girl by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
is hungry and now will go eat 
Is listening to Mr. Lonely by Akon 
Well Im stuck as a senior but thats not all bad 
Is listening to Toxicity by System of a Down . 
Is now waiting for school . This year should be fun . 
ZEN FOR THOSE WHO TAKE LIFE TOO SERIOUSLY 1 . SAVE THE WHALES . COLLECT THE WHOLE SET . 2 . A DAY WITHOUT SUNSHINE IS LIKE , NIGHT . 3 . ON THE OTHER HAND , YOU HAVE DIFFERENT FINGERS . 4 . I JUST GOT LOST IN THOUGHT . IT WASN'T FAMILIAR TERRITORY . 5 . 42.7% OF ALL STATISTICS ARE MADE UP ON THE SPOT . 6 . 99% OF LAWYERS GIVE THE REST A BAD NAME . 7 . I FEEL LIKE I'M DIAGONALLY PARKED IN A PARALLEL UNIVERSE . 
How to tell that you're a bandie : 1 . You hear music on the radio and you start marking time . 2 . You're walking behind someone and you're in step with them . 3 . You try to guess the tempo of your favorite song . 4 . All your friends are in band . 5 . You don't mind changing clothes on the bus ( see below ) . 6 . You know how to change on the bus without revealing anything . 
Can't wait till next summer for a few reasons . One being that July second teh first of the three avatar movies come out . 
Why do i have such weird but mysterious eyes ? 
Ah Yeah ! Section Leader ! 
Okay i is off for Elder Scrolls Four Oblivion calls upon me . And heed its call i must for teh lands of Cyrodiil cannot wait long for tehir protector . good byes . 
I have to say i have found many quotes that i enjoy reading and this is one of my favorite ones as it explains my ideas on inttelligence so well : The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination ~ < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Okays goign to get off for the night goods byes 
Well im bored out of my mind . I have nothing to do but write those stories up that my Lit teacher wants to read or sit around and ponder the meaning of the universe . I think im gonna write . 
Is still thinking about the highly in depth conversation we had at lunch on friday . I'm still amazed at how much all of us think about that and is still researchign deeper into The Matrix Possibility to see how true it may be . 
Who else thinks that since BHS drama has its own group BHS band deserves one ? 
When you're at the end of the road , And you lost all sense of control , And you're thoughts have taken their toll , When your mind breaks the spirit of your soul . Awesome song . 
Anyone know the requirements to get a one act approved ? I mean mine is a great idea but if i don't know what it will take to pass then its pointless . 
Well we lost . twenty-one to seven it hink was the final score . 
A guy with to much time on his hands http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuYRF0no7hw 
Well im bored . It has been some tiem since i last had a friday noght off adn didn't have to play at a foot ball game . Don't know what to do . 
Kreig is very happy . I just finished my one acts first draft . I am so happy to have it done . And it doesn't seem that long to me . Its only ten very short scenes with an extremely short epilouge . Hopefully i can find out restraints and everything then revise and edit and get it approved soon . 
< PROPFIRST > ! What do you want ! ( Pauses ) Bodoloo 
Well thanks to < PROPFEMALE > i have the miracle elixer song from sweeny < PROPMALE > stuck in my head . 
Is listening to a song by a band called Tokio Hotel on teh step into < PROPMALE > website its not a half bad song and its quite enjoyable . 
Look it up on youtube and it iwll make sense . Order you big bouncing inflatable green ball today and you can never say that you never have a big bouncing inflatable green ball again . Potato . 
Is going byes byes for nows . 
Well i know what < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and possibly < PROPFIRST > are getting next . < PROPFEMALE > Wars Battlefront : Elite squadron for the PSP . It has a customize you character feature you can go straight from ground combat to space combat and space combat affects the battle on teh ground and vice versa . It looks to be an amazing game . 
Oh how i hate being sick . Stuck at home nothing to do . Sma had to get sick and she has no clue about how to keep other people from cathing what she gets when they're trying to help her get better . 
Learn to be aware and conscious of your consciousness , and you will find who you really are 
Hey guys . Bad news : I lost the game . 
Oh has nothing to do . Allready typed up and printed his paper for english . Has the monolouge fo rAlmost Maine memorized and if i dont then its only like maybe the last two sentences which wont take long at all . 
Voila ! In view , a humble vaudevillian veteran cast vicarously as both victim and villian by the vicissitudes of Fate . This visage , no mere veneer of vanity is a vestige of teh vox populi , now vacant , vanished . 
I woke up it was 7 I waited till 11 Just to figure out that no one would call I think i got a lot of friends but I don't hear from them What's another night all alone ? When your spending everyday on your own And here it goes 
I have good news . The GAME is on . 
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return . 
Well Auditions were great . < PROPMALE > got asked about if he would be fine with playing a gay guy but no promises on whether or not he or i get teh part . I though think i would be perfect for the role of < PROPMALE > the man who feels no pain . 
Its snowing . That means the bonfire is going to be realy worth it tonight . 
Bonfire was amazing ! So much fun . Solo sounded good in my opinion . 
Dont know if anyone else heard this but they decided to give Obama the nobel peace prize . Please tell me how that makes any sense what so ever ? 
only a few will get it but In < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Well teh vehicle solo problem has been fixed . Eitehr thursday or monday or whenever unruh decides to do it we will go down the line of the trumpets and whoever can play it the bst will play the solo from now on . 
Die milkshake die ! Thats right milkshake you have been defeated and now you go to milkshake prison . 
Anybody got extra gloves they could give me for the games incase i dont find mine ? Realy don't need my fingers freezing anymore . 
Well i just looked at the site and im realy considering Metrostate . Gotta remember to thank halbert for telling me about how good its teaching program is . 
Has to say i love the song Requiem for a dream . It just has such grace and speaks volumes withotu any words . The perfect mixture of violen with bass and chello small ammounts of humming or ahhing at different pitches . It never tires and sounds good behind any sowrdfighting scene . 
Is wondering . Why are we put on this earth to enjoy seemingly fleeting moments of happiness folowed by almost constant days or weeks of downpour and destruction ? Is it so we can learn so much more or is it just becuase thats how some of us have to live so others can enjoy there time here ? 
Is wondering how do you get someone to stop being pissed at you when they won't even make humanized contact of any way shape or form and therefore have cut off comunication with you thus ending any and all chances of talking through the issue ? 
Well another unexciting weekend still have to write that speech for lit 
Has gotten very little done on his project . Needs more reasons for why we shouldnt say the pledge in school . Any one got any ideas ? 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head , when you've finished post this paragraph on your own status . You'll be ... surprised what people remember about you 
Alas parting is such sweet sorrow . For this is not the last you have seen of me . No only a mere glimpse into that of the unknown through which the true heart and soul may wander abotu both grasping at that which cannot be but will be without any advanced forthought of its own . 
Snow Day . 
wishing he had the like three thousand required for the alienware area 51 alx desktop computer . It would be so amazing plus it comes with windows 7 and a intel core i7 950 3.06 GHz quad core processor . 
Who else is wanting to get up around 1 A.M. in teh morning to see the Leonid meteor shower ? Well in all truth its more like midnight for mountain time viewers but 1 A.M. for pacific time viewers . 
You know staying up and seeing what little i did of the Meteor shower real affects your point of view on things . I mean seeing a dust sized particilate cause what looks to be a mile long streak of fire across the sky realy makes you see how small we are in teh universe's eyes . 
Well i got my schedule for next semester . Everythings fine with it except that i have weight fitness adn training first hour now instead of the off period . And my off period is fifth hour so therefore im gonna try to start working with the freshman band next semester . 
Is extremely bored . Is thinking of writing a story but < PROPFIRST > beat me to the punc for posting such an idea so thats semi out of the question . Perhaps maybe tomorow i may begin writing and posting a story though ti would have no bearing on human life at the present moment in time . 
\He was childish self absorbed and easily flattered . \ " The giant book of true crime . " 
I have new Socks ! And they are my favorite color ! Black ! 
Well im happy . first off im teaching myself how to write with a quill and ink and second off i made a good joke but i think someone else made it before i did . 
Wait Wait There's a sign on bonus ! 
I've decided that for once i should have fun with my status . To do this i will post the first two lines of a song and then see who helps to finish it . So here it goes . Wake Up(Wake Up ) Grab a brush and put a little make up 
Your subtleties They strangle me I can’t explain myself at all . And all that wants And all that needs All I don’t want to need at all . The walls start breathing My minds unweaving Maybe it’s best you leave me alone . A weight is lifted On this evening I give the final blow . 
Hates the snow ! 
Just checked his graduation planner and has 60 out of 46 credits earned 
wants to know if anyone knows the main rule that seperates SciFi from Fantasy ? 
well Pit Band was fun . We only got through what six songs two of which were labeled 2a and 2b meaning same scene and movements just completely different sounds and styles . Hopefully it will sontinue to be liek this and we can get all the music down easily . 
Yes ! Honor band was amazing . It sounded so good . Can't to get back to school tuesday though and play with the good old brighton band instead of a mix of mainly brightong and prairie view . 
loves teh idea behind murphy's law . Anything that can go wrong will and at the worst possible time in the worst possible way . Then again dont we usualy see those as just plain old quote's of the day ? 
has said it once and will say it again as it seems no one listens and understands what it means : The brightest stars cast the darkest shadows . It is my code . The one thing that proves that even the the darkest of deeds may have the greatest of all intentions . 
I can't believe it . J.D. Salinger the author of catcher in the rhye died today at the age of 91 
sat down and looked through his DVD cabanet to see if there was a possibility of finding something he hadn't watched yet . He found a small orange folder with a dvd labeled Spring Concert 2007 . He put it in and it was his band and jazz band concert from when he attended Lowndes middle school . Another positive change is i finally realized that i dont need to be better then Rowel becuase i always have been . 
Is still trying to figure out the possibility of introducing greenhouse gasses to mars atmosphere to create an earthlike atmosphere ? 
Just got back from the mile high jazz festival . BHS Jazz 1 got two one and and a two giving us an overal score of minus one . Almost perfect . Almost superior . Yes that is very good ! 
YES ! Saints Won ! 
is happy . He found a nickle plated black trumpet for just under 200 bucks and wants it so bad . 
Just returned from his three day trip across teh country . Lots of fun . I sat in a car for three days and have decided that Kentucky does not know music . American band is no th eonly song form the seventies eighties and sixties that deserves to be played . I heard it five times in a matter of three hours . 
Can't wait for thursday . Oh so close but oh so far away . Just hoping i do good at the audition . 
just got back from The Festival of winds and Honor band at CSU pueblo . Didn't sit as high as i would like but i got into the Honor winds symphony which is a higher level band then the honor symphonic band . Also have to say Suichi Komiyama is an amazing director and i amazed that we learned five pieces that most of which change time signatures constantly in just three days 
just got done putting the music from Festival of Winds into a new black binder adn on monday will move all the rest of the music he can out of the purple folder and into the binder . 
Well im tired . Play sounded goof tonight guys . And on the plus side finally got to do a little bit of fencing instruction . Still wishing i had been able to figure out how to start a fencing team at the school but unfourtenately i didn't . Well goodniht and forever morrow shall wait untill the sun re-dawns for another day upon which we shall rest the sorrow of the past and wait fo rthe joy that we hope will last . 
Unless i have a piece o fmetal underneath me and im going at a forty-five degree angel down hill i hate snow . I mean this is horrible compared to where im from which is usualy none at least untill this year 
Well its official . Health care senate ammended < PROPMALE > has been pased by teh house and its expected to be signed into law by tuesday . In other words the congress has failed millions of americans who voted them in to fix things and instead just ruined it all . 
Ok i dont care what the school board thinks this is not school weather . Snowboarding yes school no 
As some of you may know on April 23rd me < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are holding a lung cancer benefit at the armory . Now after today hearing a scene from sweeney < PROPMALE > i have decided to do the scene at the benefit but i need some one to play the role of mrs. lovett . So anyone who has a little bit of acting experience has seen the movie and would not mind singing on stage with me as sweeney < PROPMALE > please step forward . 
Theres a hole in the world like a great black pit 
Is using the Google chrome and has to say he likes it 
just finished reading the book 1984 . Quite an interesting novel that raises a few questions but at the same time puts many to rest 
Ok im looking at one of the facebook adds and it says FBI agents in need . I looked down at the picture and they are all riding on Segways . What is < PROPFEMALE > coming to when our < PROPMALE > vehicles are segways ? 
ok if anyone has any techniques that will fix an extremely scratched cd then please share them . I have tried the toothpaste and holding it under a 60 watt desk lamp for 20 seconds and then immediately playing it . I need something cheap effective and not buying a new cd 
has to say he is so proud of all the people who helped make Laughs for Lungs possible . We raised about eighty dollars for lung cancer research which is less then i had hoped for but at the same time its more then i expected . 
So for once the house and senate are starting to do things correctly . Apparently first off the government is holding BP completely responsible for all of the damages the latest oil spill has caused . Second off the house has already passed a < PROPMALE > that will jump start a permanent renewable energy economy and the senate has started work on a similar < PROPMALE > that has ideas from both republicans and democrats . 
Yeah teh random power outages are getting annoying though they go out every time i read up in the republic commando video game over on wookipedia . If it happens again though im gonna get pissed . 
Well just beat republic commando for the first time . Interesting game to play through though i hate that they lost my favorite character Sev . Its worth playing though so if you get the < PROPMALE > go for it . 
So M Night Shamaylans the last airbender came out today . Can't wait till i get a < PROPMALE > to see it as this should be a good movie . 
If insane is a relative term then what is sanity ? 
Where are the metalheads here ? We have something that needs to be seen . Metallica Megadeath Slayer and Anthrax will all be on the same stage live for two nights only , June 22nd and 24th , and if we can find out what theaters are participating we can see it all . Tickets are on sale but we need to know what theaters are selling still and are near us . Please respond if you agree . 
I sit and watch episodes of Invader Zim and wonder how < PROPMALE > ever called it a kids show . 
Things are not always what they seem ; the first appearance deceives many ; the intelligence of a few perceives what has been carefully hidden . ~ Phaedrus 
What do you do with a BA in english ? 
Netflix copy of Sweeny < PROPMALE > finaly arrived so i can watch it for the first time 
So i just looked at it and this is really geeky but if you rearrange the letters in Obama's first name , Barack , it spells Ackbar . Well for those of us who know < PROPFEMALE > wars well enough we all know that when Ackbar is involved , its a trap . 
needs to find someone who can raw a specific person that i provide the description of . 
Ok so i just looked over my hardware on my computer again and realized i really shouldn't be able to play Oblivion on it . I mean im using an nvidia geforce 5500 video card , and an intel pentium 4 2.80 GHz processor . 
an apple a day ................................................ means medical equipment and staff cut backs . Try a burger . 
This just in about Drake Bell :\ 
\ 
He will < PROPFEMALE > as < PROPMALE > Turner in the live-action TV-movie adaptation of its hit animated series The Fairly Odd Parents , A Fairly Odd Movie : Grow Up , < PROPMALE > Turner !, to be released in 2011 . 
Is enjoying In The Midst of Lions album The Heart of Man so much . What is better then Christian Hardcore Death Metal ? 
So you like the mustache becuase it helps you meet strange men ? 
So today i got really bored and found out something . I am the only Kreig Kohl in the world . So see now saying because I'm Kreig is a very valid excuse . 
Made it into Riverton and got fully set up at the dorm . 
Just got off work . Strangest organizing system I've ever seen . The library of congress system . But it's a good job and totally worth it just need to remember to wear a\ 
jacket now that it's getting colder . 
Today is over . Finally . Took way to long . Literally in Riverton on Saturdays and Sundays there is nothing to do what-so-ever . Other then that though its a nice town . 
Well how are things going so far ? Well stayed up till four am Monday night playing reach . Luckily enough didn't have a class till ten the next morning . Also Reach is amazing . assassinations on it are so perfectly made . The jet packs are a great feature . If you get a < PROPMALE > play it . 
If darkness is the absence of color and white is the complete form of all the colors then what is Thursday ? 
So i got back from the tour about eight hours ago . fun times . I enjoyed myself and got to try out Skat singing on stage somethign i hope to do again in the future . And for those who have never been on an actual tour with a band you don't knwo what you're missing . 
Friendship is unnecessary , like philosophy , like < PROPMALE > ... It has no survival value ; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival . C . S . < PROPFIRST > 
We all do ' do , re , mi , ' but you have got to find the other notes yourself . < PROPFIRST > Armstrong 
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic . < PROPFIRST > C . Clarke 
Ancient Rome declined because it had a Senate , now what's going to happen to us with both a House and a Senate ? Will Rogers 
Anyone who can walk to the welfare office can walk to work . < PROPMALE > Capp 
When angry , count to four ; when very angry , swear . < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Well im back in brighton finally . 
Well Its official . Kreig has his car . A 2009 red Chevy Aveo . 
Im back in riverton . Again . 
Is watching < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland on netflix 
Is hating having to write his essay . How do you write out seven or eight pages on criminal profiling when your school library carries nothing on the subject . 
is going to go insane ! 
i made it home 
< PROPFEMALE > Eclipse was amazing to watch . Glad < PROPMALE > at least was up to watch it with me . 
so has anyone heard of this monitor brand before and if so was it good or bad that you heard ? \ 
Acer S201HL bd 20 Widescreen LED Backlit Monitor 
Indecision may or may not be my problem ~ < PROPFIRST > Buffett 
is eating boy scout kettle corn . Forgot how delicious it is . 
Back in Brighton again . till Monday 
Made it back to Riverton alive . Still a bit sore from the Mosh Pit but apparently < PROPMALE > got hurt worse then any of our group so i guess i got out fine . Either way the trip to Brighton was fun and worth it . Can't wait to come back in April . 
Well i find this funny . I just found out that the key phrase of Aries(my zodiac ) is \I Am\ " . As in I Am Me . " 
So the It helpdesk at the library just got set up to have two monitors hooked up at once making my job so much easier . 
Well im about ready to leave Brighton for Riverton . Again . So i guess i will see you guys in six weeks or so . 
Well D and D was awesome . Apparently our group did okay for our first time ever playing 
Thanks everyone for the happy birthdays . Well heres to another year of fun , happiness , let downs , and who knows what else . 
I really want a Khopesh just because they are an amazing type of blade . 
Another Day in this Carnival of Souls 
Finished the paper now i watch the Twilight Zone original series 
Yes finally ! < PROPFEMALE > Wars DAY !!! May the Fourth be with you all ! 
really wants to watch chitty chitty bang bang for some odd reason 
