Last night was so amazing ! I am so glad < PROPMALE > came with me to the New Years < PROPFEMALE > dance ! I had a blast ! 

I am about 85% sure I am going to walk out of this house tomorrow and never come back ... Regardless of what happens with school , I will always be the same fuck up and failure I was in my addiction . I will always be compared to the girl I was when I was young and I am not her . I refuse to ever be her again . 
I am about 85% sure I am going to walk out of this house tomorrow and never come back ... Regardless of what happens with school , I will always be the same fuck up and failure I was in my addiction . I will always be compared to the girl I was when I was young and I am not her . I refuse to ever be her again . Its in God's hands , and even that is not acceptable to some people ... 
Oh my goodness ... What a mess ! 
I am a defect in search of character 
I don't want to go to class ! I need to get my ass out of bed ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is officially a Vet's Assistant ! Yay ! I got the job ! 
A young psychic midget named < PROPFEMALE > Went to jail with the most heinous charge But despite lock and key The next day she broke free And the headlines said \Small Medium at Large \"" 
Going to Champaign ... Hoping it stops raining ! Let's Go State ! Beat the Illini ! WooHoo ! 
I wish weekends would last forever ... 
Do I really have to take my english midterm tonight ? Seriously ... I wish I could just fast forward to vet school when I can actually study something I give a damn about ! 
Busy day tomorrow ... Working at the Animal Hospital til Noon and then I will be on my way to Champaign to spend the evening with < PROPFIRST > <3 ... Back home early Sunday ... A whirlwind weekend as always ! P.S. 13 more days !!! 
Back in town ... Homework then heading over to BeeWolf 
Sick ... AGAIN ! 
I'm a Banana . I'm a banana . Now , peel the banana . Peel the banana . Now , go bananas ! Go , Go Bananas ! 
Looong day of work tomorrow ... BED TIME ! 
needs only Love & a . 45 
Working early ... So sleepy ... 5 more days , not really excited anymore ... its just another 24 ... Any ideas for a new tattoo for me ? 
Bubble bath and Pajama time ! 
The party is over ... Time for bed ! Back to school/work tomorrow ! 
My boyfriend surprised me ! He came to see me ! YAY !!! 
Laundry ... You can always count on it to be there for you ! Thank God my dad is bringing home Tiramisu for me ! 
I feel like Laundry is the only thing I can count on right now . I feel like I'm falling apart 
Craving my Pepto ! 
Sick and tired ... 
hopes < PROPMALE > ( a.k.a. PAH \Stray Kitty \") will have a home by the end of today ! " 
< PROPMALE > has a home now ... I am happy but I will miss him . I am just glad he won't live his life in a cage anymore . I know I could never be caged ... Work will be hard tomorrow without his hugs . Thank God I still have < PROPMALE > ! Adopt Strays ! 
Ugh ... I make myself sick ... 
is losing her mind . Crying , nightmares ... The stress is getting to me 
Home again ! North < PROPFEMALE > was a blast , but nothing is better than coming home ! 
Funny People is really not funny at all ... very misleading ... very boring ... very very very long ... 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX) ! Any question , no matter how crazy or wierd it is . You'll have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get ! 
I try to do the right thing and now I have just taken on a whole new set of problems that I didn't want or need or ask for ... 
It is hard to watch someone you deeply care about die . I never imagined how painful it could be ... Any day now ... 
My dog is humping a stuffed animal's head ... What a weird day ... 
Finals , Finals , Finals 
I got a B in Comm ! Yay me ! I am so proud of myself ! My first non-F grade in like almost 2 years ! 
misses < PROPMALE > and feels sorry for getting so pissed at him last night . 
Making Christmas cookies and doing laundry tonight ... Its exactly one year since I got out of treatment today ! Yay ! 
Bought an antique bistro style table and chairs at an estate sale today for my currently non-existent studio apartment ... I couldn't help myself ! It was only $65 ! Just another piece to furnish that apartment that I don't have ! 
My heart is racing and my hands are shaking . I feel weak , gross , and I have 3 hours of class to sit through ... 
I have writer's block ... Its making me physically sick and frustrating me to no end ... I suck at Life ... Especially School ... 
The question of the moment ... Sleep for 2 hours before getting up for work , OR just screw it all and stay up until Bed tonight ... Hmmm ... Sleep is probably necessary at this point ... 
Wake me up ! Before you go-go . Don't leave me hanging on like a yo-yo ... Take me dancing tonight ... 
Class time ! I am so hungry ! 
But for the grace of God ... 
I love the snow ! 
Snow Day ! If I only could get my car out of the driveway to go see < PROPMALE > ... * sigh * I miss him ... 
I just realized I am celebrating 14 months ! I think a few people even commented to me about my sobriety date today , but its just now striking me ! 14 months , 14 months , 14 months ! 426 days ! 
Totally slipped and almost fell in the hall at ICC , right in front of the library ... I am SO coordinated ! LOL ! I hope no one saw me ! 
Well , I finally got the laundry put away , if only I could decide where to put away everything else ... 
Job interview tomorrow for a Full time Vet Assistant position . I WANT THIS JOB ! Why you ask ? Well ... A ) Its closer , B ) Better hours , C ) Its full time , D ) I still get to do what I love , only with less of the gross stuff involved and more of the fun stuff ! So , please , pray for me . Its an all day interview which makes me really nervous ... Its like they test drive me before they will hire me ... Gosh ! I am SO nervous ! I 
Work this morning ... Looking forward to hitting the estate sale down the street ... 
One month until my 21st birthday ... Who is going to go out with me ? 
WHY AM I SO COLD ???? 
Don't behave in ways you will regret or have to apologize for later . It pisses me off and it wastes my time . 
< PROPMALE > says , < PROPFEMALE > looks like < PROPFEMALE > , not a celebrity . But here is my celebrity dopplegangers . 
< PROPFEMALE > - The most gorgeous woman ever seen . Known to randomly throw out little adorable and hysterical one-liners . Very artistically talented . One who has no true idea of her true beauty , both inside and out . A very very special woman that has the love and admiration of a person willing to do almost anything for her . ( UrbanDictionary.com ) 
More cleavage licking puppies today , but the best part was the dog that tried to pull down my pants ... My job is never boring ! I love veterinary medicine ! 
Happy Birthday , SISTER !!! 
Acceptance is the answer to all my problems today ... I can find no serenity until I accept that person , place , thing , or situation as being exactly the way it is suppose to be at this moment . Nothing , absolutely nothing happens in God's world by mistake ... 
I am seriously craving a CT Dub with < PROPFEMALE > mustard and extra cheese from Menna's Joint ... Only problem is I need to be in East Lansing , MI to get one ... * SIGH * Such is life ! 
Wonders what work will bring tomorrow ! Hopefully something new and exciting ! Love my job ! 
I love the snow ! Its so peaceful and serene ... until you have to drive in it ! 
No one can give you courage . No one can thicken your skin . I will not fail so you can be comfortable . I will not lose because you can't win . 
I am so far beyond grumpy ... I am putting on my MSU pj's , curling up in my bed , and reading The Haunting of Hill House by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( I finally got a copy for my birthday ! ) 
Getting beautified , not sure why ... 
I start on new medications tomorrow , all those close to me have been warned ... 
Do I really have to go to work ? 
If you can't give me the < PROPFEMALE > Tale , then don't waste my time ... 
Goodnight , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Went undefeated in the Euchre tournament tonight ! 
16 months tomorrow ! Time goes by so quickly ! Life is a beautiful gift ! 
Oh my goodness ! I think its time for a paw print tatoo ! 
Getting pretty ! 
I began my day by hitting a bird in my car on my way to work ... It only got worse from there ... I am going to bed ! FML ! 
I fucking HATE closing by myself ... I'm going to sleep 
Anyone want to purchase me a Pocket Beagle for $1500 ? I will love you FOREVER ! 
My Heart is in Spokane tonight with my boys ! GO MSU ! 
My dog has been following me around all day ... I would think after yesterday she would hate me , but apparently she wants to spend more time with me now ! AWESOME ! 
Could I possibly feel any worse ??? 
What a beautiful , wonderful , serene day ... 
I got a Cubs baseball cap today and I dont ever want to take it off ! 
I totally look like I was bit by a vampire which is a much cooler explaination than the truth ... 
Wearing my thinking cap aka my new Cubbies Hat ! 
I am hopeful that the Cubbies can do as well or better today as they did last night and get another WIN !!! 
Way to screw it up < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I wonder if he even thinks about me ... 
I have made myself sick to my stomach ... Again ... and Again ... 
Happiness - Its not having what you want , its wanting what you have ! 
Little Miss Can't Be Wrong ! 
I need a new tattoo ... Its been six months . I am craving new ink ! 
Wings are done for the season ... They played a good season ! They will be back next year ! 
I have lost 8 lbs ! Yay ! 
Chiefs baseball tonight ! Thats where I'm at ! 
I learned how to play Puerto Rican dominos tonight ... I loved it ! So fun ! 
working all weekend ... what a dream come true 
Missing those who have passed on ... RIP 
I feel like someone kicked the dog ( me ) because the cat peed on the carpet ... 
Camping this weekend ! I cant wait to connect with nature and get some serenity ! 
Camping with my dog Dutchess and my ten year old son < PROPFIRST > . Living the dream at Lake Storey ! 
Worrying is about as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubble gum 
Had a nearly perfect day today ... 
I feel like hell . worst migraine . kill me now 
Just got word another funeral and visitation is on the schedule for me this week . Rest in peace Daddy D . You saved my life whether you knew it or not . 
Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > E . Demanes and < PROPMALE > Masonholder . You and your familes are in my prayers tonight . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Honda Service Department is now officially #1 on my shit list for awhile ! You fucked me over too many times and this time you could have killed me ! 
I would kill to have my tent and a bonfire in the middle of nowhere right now ... Just my dog and I and maybe a shooting < PROPFEMALE > or two if I got lucky ... 
Rocked out to some Spice Girls on the way to Steak N Shake for a delicious Hersheys Special Dark Chocolate milk shake ... I will surely hate myself for this later . 
Rocked out to some Spice Girls on the way to Steak N Shake for a delicious Dark Chocolate milk shake ... I will surely hate myself for this later . 
Dear Mother Nature , Please stop with the rain . Its getting really old . 
I need a good guy who will treat me right and that I can have a HEALTHY RELATIONSHIP with ... 
I get my Lukers for the weekend ! I am so excited ! 
Life is complicated ... 
RIP poor Giraffe from the Peoria Zoo ... So sad ... So tragic ... 
RIP < PROPMALE > . I will miss cuddling you and seeing you at work everyday . 
Today I remember the men and women who live and die fighting for this country to keep it free . Especially one special man who stood by me in my darkest hour while fighting war another world away . I have so much admirtion and gratitude for these people . Happy 4th of July ! 
I got called a cunt to my face for the first time tonight simply because I choose not to talk to someone who talks about me behind my back ... Sorry for respecting myself ? 
Really , God ? I mean , seriously ? 
Anyone want to come over and crack my back and write my paper for me ? 
Dear kid driving in Balda 5 car , I think your teacher neglected to tell you that you cannot drive 5 mph under the speed limit in the left < PROPFIRST > in heavy traffic . 
Dear Cute Guy at the Club , I hope I get to flirt with you tomorrow ... If not , I will just have to go to the pool :( 
I am trying very hrd not to believe all the bullshit swirling around in my head at the moment . Cause most of it is HOPEFULLY paranoia , and if its not , then I guess I will just be right and there is not < PROPMALE > loss ... Right ? Please , let me be wrong ! 
My head is back on straight again ! Praise the Lord ! Back at the Wolf Pack . 
Packing up ... Moving out ... 
All my clothes and stuff are finally put away . I officially can say I have moved out and moved in ! 
In STL for the weekend ... Time for a sexy party ? 
I love my new friend Calliope ! She is badass ! 
Horrible day ... 
My body seriously needs to start cooperating ... 
Dear God , Please stop my migraines . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
At the doctors ... 
Meds from the doc were worthless . Went to Prompt Care and they gave me stronger ones ... They aren't helping either . The ER may be next for me ... Ugh ! 
My gerbil tried to eat my flip flop ... definitly has gerbil bite marks in it ... 
At the doctors again ... looking to feel better ... 
Going to Iowa to see Ryno coach this weekend ! 21 months sober today ! 
I am really sick of migraines and pain ... 
I kind of hope something shows up on my MRI tomorrow ... So tired of suffering from migraines that last for days 
Watchin Inglorious Basterds with my sweetie ! 
I am smitten ... 
Bossman was put to sleep today ... No happy ending there . I am heart shattered ... 
Bossman was put to sleep today ... I am heart shattered ... 
Bossman was put to sleep today ... I am heart shattered ... 
Enjoying time with < PROPFIRST > Bloom ... I love him so much ! 
Sleepy ... going to dreamland 
My sheet metal workers tee that < PROPFIRST > gave me makes the best jammies ! Watching < PROPFEMALE > and Hardy in bed 
Nauseated ... life sucks balls 
So sick of people lying and talking shit :-) 
I have a hot date with my pajamas ! Good night facebook ! 
MIGRAINE ... 
What a crazy/beautiful weekend it has been ... 
Its incredible how fucked this is ... Acceptance , right ? 
Played Pathfinder with the guy and his friends tonight . I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it ! 
Good luck Sherrick in your NFL premiere ! I will be cheering for you ! 
Crouching tiger , Raging BADGER !!! 
Off to work ... Where is my badger when I need her ? 
Looking forward to the weekend :-) 
What a wild and crazy day ... 
Who puts the FUN in Funeral ? l 
Thank God that I have < PROPFIRST > to keep me sane and make me smile ! 
Lets go Spartans ! Kick some Wolverine ass ! 
Ugh ... FML ! 
Painful ... 
RIP Thing One ... your life was cut too short by a falling door ... you will be missed 
I am so poor ... at least my bills are paid ! :-) 
Brain pain go away . come again some other day 
Workend ... 
< PROPFIRST > - these tater tots are greasy . me- wow ... I thought they were fried mushrooms ... lol 
R.I.P. Grandpa . I will miss you . 
In Texas ... burying grandpa tomorrow ... Happy Halloween ! 
Trying to bury my grandpa ... Looking forward to the MSU vs . Iowa game this afternoon ... 
Oh my goodness ! What a day ! I am SO ready for bed ... 
My flight is delayed ... Stuck in < PROPFIRST > 
Flight was cancelled ... Stuck in < PROPFIRST > for tonight ... 
Hey , American Airlines ! FUCK YOU ! I am not going to be stuck in < PROPFIRST > til Wednesday just because you cant get your flight attendant to the plane ! 
Ok American Airlines , Lets try this again ... 
Make me something STRONG to drink ! I am home and ready to relax ! 
Loving being home with < PROPFIRST > and the rest :-) 
TGIF ... 
Ready to drink myself to death ... I hate my life ... 
Brain Pain ... 
Walking around with a rain cloud over my head ... 
I got a free Blackberry Curve today with my new cell plan ! 
Going to Naperville with Mom today ! 
Relaxing with my roomie ! 
Let's go Michigan State ! Kick those boilermaker`s asses ! 
Sittin around the house ... somewhere between the windows and the doors ... searching for signs of life but there's nobody home ... 
oh my goodness ! Enough already ! 
< PROPMALE > Etnier is my boyfriend 
My freaking head is killin me ... can't sleep at all 
looking forward to getting off worl at noon and taking a nap ! it was great seein all of you last night ! 
oh my goodness what a . day ... 
What another day ... 
What a wonderful day off ! 
I have bursitis in my hips ! Doc says it is from all my years of sitting crosslegged ! 
just got out of Pekin ER . 
At the ER again this time in Peoria 
Home with < PROPMALE > - I hate \pain management . \"" 
At the doctor's office again 
Resting after my CT scan ... Making < PROPMALE > watch Bolt 
I am so lucky to have such a wonderful guy who takes care of me 
Puking is officially not cool 
Pray for me 
Attemping to be productive ... folding clothes while watching American Dad 
Its almost Christmas ... 
RIP Duchess < PROPFEMALE > Wise . We love you and miss you so very much ! 
I am going away for a while . I will not have access to facebook , so farewell for now ! 
Starting over ... Life is good ! 
One more day til Cade is here ! I can't believe its been almost a month since I've seen him ! 
Cade will be here tomorrow ! Yay ! 
What an incredible weekend ! I am so blessed ! 
Starting week #2 in < PROPFIRST > ... 
Headed to < PROPFIRST > in the morning ! Spending the weekend with Cade ! 
Cade and < PROPFEMALE > surprised me ! What a great day ! 
My wonderful weekend took a very sad turn on my drive home ... I am emotionally wrecked . Thank God tomorrow is a new day and all my loved ones will live to see it . 
In < PROPFIRST > ... watching basketball with Cade :-) 
Went fishin today ... 16 Bass , 1 Catfish . Let's go Illini ! 
Yoga Yoga , then home to relax ... 
Went boating on Lake < PROPFIRST > ... The sunshine felt wonderful ! 
QOTD : \A clean room is a sign of a wasted life . \ " - Uncle < PROPFIRST > " 
I can't wait for this to pass ... 
Yoga this morning made me realize how sore I am from the core class yesterday . I love it ! 
I am the Fitness < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I think I pulled a muscle in my big toe ... 
No core workout at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s , but I'm thinking Ashtanga at noon , Hatha at 4:30 , and maybe a walk in between tomorrow ! 
Still awake ... I hate nights like this .... 
Looking back to the beginning of the year , I can't believe how far I have come . I am so grateful for the change . It saved my life . 
Not going to < PROPFIRST > this weekend ... Not sure how I feel about it , but hopefully will survive ... 
If you do me right , I'm gonna do right by you . And if you keep it tight , I'm gonna confide in you . I know what's on your mind there will be time for that too , if you < PROPFEMALE > with me . Just don't fall recklessly , headlessly in love with me , Cause its gonna be All heartbreak blissfully painful and insanity . If we agree , you can < PROPFEMALE > with me ... 
Yoga Yoga , then hot rods and shopping at SoCo 
I do not like this , < PROPFIRST > I Am ! 
Ugh ... Feelings all over the place ... sick and tired of feelings that I can't do anything about .... 
Curled up on the couch , in front of the fire , watching the Championship Game ... Only way this could be better is if Cade were here ... 
My Mommy is coming to visit tomorrow !!! Yay ! I have missed her so much ! 
Mommy comes today !!! Picking her up at 12:30 . I can't wait ! 
3 months sober today ... \ 
Keeping sober is the most important thing in my life . The most important decision I ever made was my decision to give up drinking . I am convinced that my whole life depends on not taking that first drink . Nothing in the world is as important to me as my own sobriety . Everything I have , my whole life , depends on that one thing . Can I afford ever to forget this , even for one minute ? 
