< PROPMALE > Potter comes out July 15 !!!!!! Im soooooooooooo excited !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Is DEAD !!!!!!!!!!!!!! He had a heart attack !!!!!!!!!! This might be mean but ..... yea !!!!!! little boys of the world are safe again !!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Tennant is almost done with Doctor Who .......... < PROPFEMALE > sad * tear * 
only like 5 days till < PROPMALE > Potter comes out !!!!!!! yea !!!!!!! 
bored so much I'm actually looking forward to school 
< PROPFEMALE>'s coming over tommorrow and then we go see < PROPMALE > potter and maybe watch < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > tribute for the millionth time !!!!!!!!!! :) 
not to mention the pincers ( click click click click click click ) 
Happy Brithday day < PROPFIRST > and everyone else who's b-day is today !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate the day . Night is sooo much cooler . 
totally excited for sunday 
Went to Hinder/Papa Roach concert last night !!! Papa Roach was AWESOME !!!! 
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalala ............... i hate school .......... lalalalalalalalalalalala 
I'm going roll n ' roll all night and party every day . 
Cut my life into pieces .... This is my last resort 
School is school . can't wait for Drama auditions for Aladdin 
got back from having an awesome time with my friends ........ and ..... < PROPFEMALE > 
school tomorrow * cries * need Lord of the Rings Extened Cut no matter that they aren't sold anymore i need it !!!!!!! 
I will forgive but I won't forget . I hope you know you've lost my respect . - Papa Roach 
I've got to follow my heart No matter how far I've gotta roll the dice Never look back and never think twice 
still at < PROPFEMALE>'s only got like an hour of sleep . watched 6 moives and the one i fell asleep to was Twilight I find that funny 
totally got updated on my favorite youtube videos now listening to lotr songs 
Well , I'm alive when I'm vulnerable I'm out of control , I'm losing my soul I'm alive when I'm vulnerable I'm out of control , I'm losing my soul So I climb to the top just to fall to the bottom 
I gotta thing for you . And I think it's kinda crazy , ' Cause I know that you have someone true , Wonderin ' where you were last night . I gotta thing for you . And I know the night was hazy , But I still remember wakin ' up and kissin ' your head one more time ... For now I'll say goodbye But don't think we're through , I gotta thing for you ... - Hinder 
Great I'm stuck on an elevator with 5 men on high-protein diets .... my dreams are coming true . - < PROPFIRST > Reynolds lol ! 
So , whats the point of living up to everyone's expectations of you when all they do is let you down ? 
at my grandma's right now then ging to < PROPFEMALE>'s b day party !!!!!!!! 
today was awesome pretty sure juniors have the best hallway !!!!!!! 
dude tommorow will be totally awesome . 
random day was awesome i was rockin out to music all day !!!!! 
waiting for the dance tonight ............. going to be the only girl with dress pants on but that will be awesome !!!!!!!!!!! 
didn't watch the football game had better stuff to do like watch Top Gear 
tryin to do a emo icon face but can't figure it out on here stupid facebook 
is really really really really really bored ........ needs to sing a song 
just got back home and gonna have to leave in a bit to go food shopping ...... fantastic 
I'm so sick of hearing Aladdin songs everyday . 
Oy , finally done with Aladdin !!!!!!! nNo more dressing up like a man !!!!!! 
Dumbledore : What do you really want ? Malfoy : Hermione Granger ! And a rocketship to Mars 
dyed my hair last night and its totally awesome !! . // 
just got done with heidelberg ...... loved SF ! :) 
only two more days to go 
only one more day to go 
bored bored bored bored bored bored 
i hate school , need to go on a vaction 
Mahna Mahna , do doo do do do , mahna mahna , do do do do , mahna mahna , do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do ! 
Every one needs to stop being obessed with Twilight ! The books were good but please any girl who sees this no going to the moive just so you can stare ( and drool ) at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > the whole time , and no awwww-ing that's annoy 
He bowed courteously to the communicative townsman , and whispering a few words to his Indian attendant , they both made their way through the crowd . < PROPMALE > Hawthorne , The < PROPFEMALE > Letter 
pretty sure Black Sheep is my new favorite movie . Team Spock all the way !!!! 
just heard they're planning on making a 4th Pirates of the Caribbean movie . excited yet nervous about it at the same time 
Can't wait for Friday !!!!!!! 
got back from Lewiston , had a blast , should go to bed but i'm way to hopped up and COOKIES !!!!!!!! 
drama practice tomorrow !!!!! plus wxow concert so busy 
concert tonight was awesome !!! 
love snow days , hate shoveling 
wacthing my new movie ( one of ) thanx everyone who wished my a happy b-day ! 
YAAY ! another full day of watching movies and being on the computer ! 
just a few more days till christmas break 
can't wait for tuesday but it's gonna take forever to get here 
done with semesters for another few months YAAAY ! 
at my grandma's house watching cousins play their new wii game ( some people get all the luck ) waiting to go home and unpack all my new presents 
really need to go shopping with the giftcards i got 
so college students in england are rioting because tuition will be 9000 pounds next year ........... about $14000 .... right 
\Day 12 . < PROPMALE > dead . All is lost . All alone . Wind my only friend . \ " \ " I hate you . \ " \ " Shut up wind ! \"" 
Stickleback , Stickeleback , Stickleback , bourjouis . Cresty in the bingo hall , running like a < PROPFEMALE > horse . Mmn p-ta masala , Mmn p-ta masala . Kentish town , Kentish town , yeah ! Kentish town , Kentish town , no ! 
Bouncy Bouncy Oh such a good time Bouncy Bouncy Shoes all in a line Bouncy Bouncy Everybody summersault , summersault Summertime Everybody sing along Bouncy Bouncy oh such a good time Bouncy Bouncy White socks slipping down Bouncy Bouncy Styletos are a no no Bouncy Bouncy oh Bouncy Bouncy oh Everytime i bounce i feel i could touch the skyee 
in < PROPFEMALE > , got a new shirt at the mall from a store called forever 21(all styles from europe ) then i got a new hat from < PROPFEMALE>'s then today got a new moive ( the breakfast club ) so far a pretty good trip . i am missing my freedom of watching the mighty boosh tho ;) 
Got my prom dress today !!! it's totally awesome ! 
got all the theatre make-up off yaaaay ! i just can't wait for this weekend for more of it !!! >:( 
Drama is over until next year ................. can't wait :) 
Yaay malwarebytes is awesome ! had the worst hacker case ever . it wouldn't let me on the internet for how many days . thanx < PROPMALE > for helping :) 
one more week of absolutely nothing to do :| 
remembers when kid's cartoons were good .... shows like Thundercats , Ghostbusters , Inspector Gadget etc . 
SF tryouts are over ........ alot of high energy people put in one room for an hour ? always a blast :) 
just got back from Knight Revue !!!! it was awesome :D 
Seether Concert Tomorrow ! we either need to to sit just off of the pit or find people we know to protect us in the pit :\\ 
1 more day of classes :D 
Had a blast last night ! we're gonna miss you seniors ! 
semesters tomorrow .... should study ....... :\\ 
last test tomorrow .... yaah ! then its going to some grad parties this weekend ! :D 
school is over ................ and i have nothing to do .......... let's have a party ! 
countries to visit : England , Ireland , Scotland ( basically the UK ) , Japan , New Zealand , and Australia 
the more i think about my ACT score the more i think about college , the more i think about college the more i think about my < PROPMALE > , the more i think about my < PROPMALE > the more i think about theatre , the more i think about theatre the more i think about doing voice acting for animes 
Avatar the Last Airbender was awesome ! Not prefectly accurate but still very good :D 
Wednesday : Mall of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
* sigh * so much anime so little time :D 
as of right now i meet the freshman requirements for UTA . awesome 
Baccano ! 
i'm bored . are you bored ? cause i'm bored . 
doesn't understand why MY future , MY life must b agreed upon by the entire world and every mistake i make is treated like it will bring on the apocalypse 
my last day of freedom ....... :'( 
recite the < PROPMALE > alphabet in 20 secs ........ sure pastor lisk :'( stupid umlauts 
needs a job ...... badly 
Help !!! can someone plz tell me what theis 19 is for HCT I totally forgot mine at school !!!!!! :'( 
school :\\ 
sitting back watching Doctor Who .... a good night tonight 
just got my acceptance letter from < PROPFEMALE > today !! :D 
is thankful < PROPMALE > Ferguson is on youtube :D 
How is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
I just said the whole mega test to my mom ....... 100% right ! 
Thanx to all who wished me a happy birthday so far .... oh in case you didn't get my message my birthday party has been cancelled i'm gonna see how nest week turns out 
sigh 
off to break my ' no-studying-for-english-rule ! thanx alot brit lit :( 
Thanx to the encounter with Bri's heater ....... :( I now have a new coat :D 
just got home from helping the < PROPFEMALE > guys take everything down ..... overall , best Tuesday night ever :) 
you know that feeling when you should do something important but you always put it off later and later ....... yeah :( 
so close ..... but no :( 
the halls were quiet today .... kind of nice :) 
The Seussification of < PROPMALE > and Juliet ... pure genius ... look it up on youtube :) 
got my prom dress today .... and there was much rejoicing 
Howard : Do you know anything about the arctic ? \ 
Vince : Not really , no . \ 
Howard : Well luckily I do . I studied it in depth , you know , I read books pamphlets . Ask me a question ? \ 
Vince : Do you like hammocks ? 
