Wow , its been awhile since I've been on Facebook , hit me up ! 

I'm uncontrollable but still I get the last laugh , I got your presidents head inside my garbage bag . 
I can be an axe in the back of people who wonna trash talk . 
I can be the last angel standing at the top hill , or that green demon on your window cil . 
Just woke up at 3 ! Hit me up people . 
They are all staring and at some point a couple motherfuckers start to laugh They're talking about me , but they do it to they friends ' cause they all afraid of what's gonna happen in the end , Now my ears keep ringing only meaning that the Devil sings and 
Leave the lies for liers 
Let me see your five put your fist up in the air ! Shinedown pretty much owns . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 
Attempting Firefighter =( 
Chilling at home . 
I created the sound of madness , wrote the book on pain somehow I'm still here to explain . 
Listening to the Sound of Madness again . 
The medicine got me feeling like I'm stuck in a maze . I can only find my out by subtraction , murder is my reaction . 
So I woke up at 3 today , in response to that I will be staying up all night . NO SLEEP TILL BROOKLYN !!!! 
Haters talkin but haters ain't walken until its fucking fine these haters ain't walkin . We slap that sucka bitch . 
\You will lose\ " Its what the haters screamin at me everyday . \ " No doubt\ " Up in my mind when I rhyme imma find a way . \ " You should quit\ " Never will I do that we about to ball . Grab a mic and raise my middle finger . \ " Fuck all yall \"" 
Just take it for what it is . 
Underground and I’m buried alive . I’m resurrected and reflected through the Juggalo eyes , this ain’t no fucking disguise this is the way that I look and it will all be explained in the book . 
Out and getting crunk ! 
Damn last night was awesome , played beer pong , ate food and became sober , played more beer pong and came home and passed out . Fun shit . Hit me up people . 
Bitches ain't shit and god bless the dead . 
Awake and alive , at home chillin like always bumpin some techno/dubstep . Hit me up if you wonna chill , 314-600-3493 
At home chillin , hit me up if you wonna chill . 314-600-3493 
Your the reason why we do what we do , if you see us puttin it down we representin you . 
I am up way too early ! 
At home chillin . Kinda bored hit me up , 314-600-3493 
Happy Turkey Day people , I hope we all eat alot , get fat , and enjoy ourselves ! Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
This blood on my hands like the blood in you , somethings can't be treated so don't make me don't make me be myself around you . 
Back in St. Louis , had lots of fun in Florida but good to be back . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
Ah had an amazing awesome night , next week will be ten times better for sure . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
They say they'll give me pain , they say they'll give me love , they say they'll make me believe , and tell me i'm above . They take me down again , this is my medicine . I cut the head off the devil and I throw it at you ! 
Wigs splitting leaving all your family members dead . I can't explain it so I just blame it all on my head . Paranoid shaking in closets when I'm done , and I think I'm hiding from the fact that I just slaughtered everyone . 
So pray then , if it makes you feel safe . All I can say is we go are own way . So pray then , if it makes you feel safe . All I can say is we go are own way , we go are own way , so save us . 
BLAM ! Up in the club eastside . Who ride ? True Juggalo scrubs ! Text it , 314-600-3493 . 
Going out for abit gonna go do my normal night stuff . Hit me up people , 314-600-3493 . 
This is a war that was lost the day it begin . 
Cause I found a way to steal the sun from sky , I'll live that day that I decided to fly from the inside . 
Chillin at home listening to Shinedown , the love I have for those guys is undescribible . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
Just got home , abit much on my mind but I am solving through it all rest assured . Sorry < PROPFIRST > for burning out like that . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
I try to change the formality and everything about it people killing people for a reason . You make mistakes you don't regret , so make a conclusion . * Infected * 
Drawn into the back-drop here you can fade , you can fade away . Last glimpse of the light in the hole of the dying day . 
Watching Pokemon 2000 ! God its been awhile since I've seen that movie on , its a childhood classic ! 
Here I come to find myself catch the tide Looking for a peace at the end at the line Sometimes I can't help myself fever's high I'm all at sea and so unwise . 
Your half a world away but in my mind I whisper every single world , and before you sleep at night you pray to me at night . Your lucky < PROPFEMALE > , your singing satellite . 
Your half a world away but in my mind I whisper every single word you say , and before you sleep at night you pray to me at night . Your lucky < PROPFEMALE > , your singing satellite . 
Back from Twiztid , it was the shit like you know it would be . Very hungrey , making food . Hit me up people , 314-600-3493 . 
This is a document to prove that I was here . This is a document to prove I was at all , and when my voice ceases to be will the echos still ring loudly , and when theres nothing left of me will my memory still go on ? 
Air for life . 
Down through the dark trees you came to save me . Your so ugly but so pretty , your like No One on Earth could be . 
Evil is as does and theres alittle bit in all of us . 
Currently bumping some Tracking Treasure Down by < PROPFIRST > & Dresden , eating enjoying a rather relaxing day . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
Beh another Friday , at home chillin gonna go out for lunch then mow the grass . Hit me up if you wonna chill , 314-600-3493 . 
I'm stealing time from my own life , all the hours that God sends , my future is a < PROPFIRST > , stolen in the perfect crime . As the hours go flashing by , I'm winding down the windows . I know I'm living out of line , but with a blazing smile I'll die . 
I know this will be something \ 
I remember in my head . Sharp words push me back hanging on to anything I can . Why do you tell me \ 
only things I want to hear ? Why dont you tell me \ 
this could just dissapear ? <3 < PROPFIRST > and Dresden . 
NOT out on a Saturday night , this is a rather strange situation . Hit me up if you wonna chill , 314-600-3493 
and if I fall with all the strength I held inside , I wouldn't be out here alone tonight . I wouldn't be standing alone tonight . 
OMG ITS THE FUNKY SHIT !!!! 
Smack my bitch up ! 
Please put this on your status if you\ 
know , or are related to , someone killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish for\ 
2010 is that people will understand that the Rebel Alliance is a band\ 
of murdering scum . The Empire wants only to bring peace to the galaxy\ 
but these rebels continue to kill our brave brothers in white ... 93%\ 
won't copy and paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least\ 
onehour ? 
Everyone with half a sense of humor should copy and paste my last status :p 
Embrace me , surround me as the rush comes . 
So you don't have to answer me , if you don't want to and you don't have to hold my close to clam my fears . It all becomes so meaningless if theres no love here . A hard life till this solus dissappers . I dissapper . 
TnT , Today not tomorrow . 
Listening to L.D. 50 playing some Infamous . Hit me up people , 314-600-3493 
ICP TODAY !!!! Thats right , its gonna be the shit . 
Save some face , you know you only got one , change your ways while your young . 
Listening to some tunes , still in an one of a kind mood curtosy of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
We ran like vampires from a thousand burning sons but even then we should have stayed but we ran away , now all my friends gone . Maybe we’ve outgrown all the things that we once loved . Runaway , but what are we running from ? A show of hands from those in this audience of one where have they gone ? 
A bullet sounds the same in every language ! Watching Family Guy , bored ! Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
Chilling at my house with Katnip , bumping some Prodigy ! Hit me up people , 314-600-3493 
Back at home listening to some Rage , Pistol Grip Pump on my lap at all times ! Pool Hall later tonight . Get at me , 314-600-3493 ! 
Got inside after being locked out , yay ! Sleep maybe . 
Very bored and alone it seems ! Hit me up if you wish to amuse or be amused by me , 314-600-3493 . NOTHING IS OVER UNTIL WE DECIDE IT IS ! 
At home kicking it old school listening to some Deftones ! Bored , hit me up . 314-600-3493 
This fire is out of control burn this city , burn this city ! 
Chillin at home listening to the finest of electronic music , Pool Hall later tonight I do believe . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 
Kicking it with Ivo at my house ! Listening to some Dubstep ! Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
Chilling at Bryans house with him and Katnip listening to the finest in Dubstep . Pretty nice for a rainy day . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 
Downloaded a High Def version of Fight Club for my PS3 , good things I do say ! Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
Happy Father's Day to all Dads/Dads to be ! At home bored , listening to music . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 
At home listening to some Linkin Park playing some Bad Company 2 on teh PS3 ! 
Uphill struggle , blood , sweat , and tears . Nothing to gain , and everything to fear . 
Drawn into the back drop here you can fade , you can fade away . Bright lights in a starless night then a hole in the dying day . Looking at life you'll load a gun , take your best shot aim it at the sun . Look at you'll load a gun and you'll find yourself , you'll find yourself alone . 
Invaders must die ! 
What will become of us ? Is there no one to watch over us ? If we should face the certainy of our destruction . Forefitting everything , pointless cries , futile dreams . There will be no after , there will be no tears when Tomorrow Never Comes . 
Hours like these black beats blue , I know nothing that I'll feel is true . Pool of tears , layers of pain . We call for comfort , and cry for rain . 
\The general who advances without seeking fame and retreats without\ 
I know you must really think It's funny , you had everybody fooled in the end but it's a little unassuming considered how you knew me . I'm the only one that called you a friend because the mind is a weapon see , and its got you on your hands and knees . 
Can we say that we are free ? Our hands are bound and voices silent . I'm sure its not a dream I am awake my eyes are open , I can't accept and won't concede in aftermath we find redemption . 
Can you see the light ? \ 
As far as the eyes can see from this point above the world . Where mortals dare their < PROPFEMALE > . As it radiates , may I witness open-eyed , and let me remain Where There Is Light . 
Bored and alone * sigh * , hopefully tonight picks up . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
Ah about to be doing some drinking with my boys , good night I do say . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
Ashes to ashes dust to dust at least thats what I was told when I was on game rush , been to the grave and it ain't no joke resurface to the earth with the spirits I invoke . 
Beh so many thoughts running thru my head , they range anywhere from love to betrayal ah I do love moments like this . No plans for tonight , should fix that eh ? Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
I know what runs through your blood you do this all in vain because of you my mind is always racing , and it gets under my skin to see you giving in and now your trip begins but it's all over for you . 
I can see your faded Halo , I can make it burn again like the sun . Just stay for awhile let me hold you tonight , just open your eyes and see the light . You don't have to be frozen , you don't have to be broken , you don't have to be Broken Tonight . 
Dance with Shadows until morning light . 
Just Pre-Ordered my signed copy of Anjunabeats Volume 8 ! Hopefully it will be here when I get back from < PROPMALE > ! 
All the bitches love me cause I'm fucking Exo . 
Just ripped a free copy of FL studio's off the interwebz needless to say me and Freeq are gonna start rolling out Tunes , stay tuned ! At home making the music happen . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
At home having my going awayish party . Enjoy some drinks with Goggin , Freeq , and < PROPFEMALE > . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 
Day 2 of the < PROPMALE > adventure . Needless to say its amazing both eventfully and vasually here had a blast last night and hopefully again tonight ! More events to come and many pictures for when I get back . 
Start of Day 3 of the < PROPMALE > adventure , last night was pretty awesome amazing Ice Cream ! Today should be pretty slow , Thrice tomorrow . 
Day 3 of the < PROPMALE > adventure drawing to an end , sat around all day and played Force Unleashed 1 and beat it ! Getting ready to enjoy dinner then pick another game here to ravage before sleep . Thrice tomorrow ! 
Day 4 of the < PROPMALE > adventure , THRICE WAS THE FUCKING SHIT !! Ah I can barely talk sign of a good show if you ask me . Tomorrow should be a slow day then the week rockets off . 
Day 5 of the < PROPMALE > adventure , looking to be a slow day here at the house . Lots of fun things in store for the next 5 days so I guess this is a day of rest of lol . 
Day 5 of the < PROPMALE > adventure was very awesome , spent the day at the house but had like 5 people over ! A blast I do say . Turns out my sister works tomorrow so no awesome events till Wednesday ! 
is gonna lay down and continue reading the < PROPMALE > of War , ah what an amazing book that helps me so much for day-to-day life . 
Treat your Soldiers as your methodical children and they will follow you into the deepest of battles . 
While everyones lost the battle is won with all these things that I've done . 
Day 10 of the < PROPMALE > adventure still in progress , leaving here in 2 days =( . Sunburnt as hell but is gonna have some nice color once this shit heals over lol , been having nothing but a good time out here ! 
Day 11 of the < PROPMALE > adventure draws to a close , leaving tomorrow at 8PM =( . Had a blast today smoking Hookah and chillin with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > playing Settlers ! College tomorrow and who knows what else . 
Oh and how can I leave out the awesome time IN THE MOUNTAINS !!! 
Back in St. Louis had a nice flight watching the sunset at 20,000 ft is pretty awesome ! < PROPMALE > fucking rocked , I miss you all already ! Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
Got his SIGNED copy of Anjunabeats Volume 8 ! Very excited about that . Finished day 1 of 3 of training pretty easy and fun stuff . Going out to dinner soon and then who knows . 
Recall the deeds as if their all someones stories . Now you stand before me for a soul , so glad to see you well , and not to pull your halo down around your neck and tug you off your cloud . 
A quiet desperation's building higher , I've got to remember this is just a game . So beautiful , so beautiful , it's a beautiful lie , its so perfect tonight . Such a beautiful lie to believe in . 
Fuck them and their law . 
We can love and live forever . We can taste these feelings come alive , and my interest is in love , and I can not take this pressure , and I wonder who of us survives , and there's no conflict from above . I'm asking for mercy , I'm asking please don't hurt me . 
Listening to some tunes to relax and put me to sleep .... and I could Live Forever and I don't believe in you . 
Always , I think about it always . \ 
A memory I can’t place , the thought of running home , and now you see . \ 
With all that’s gone before you there’s nothing that could show you that you don’t already know . \ 
Now I could live forever\ 
For I , no time is no end , no end . \ 
Now I could live forever and I , won’t be leaving you and I , won’t be leaving you . 
Chillin at home listening to some 30 Seconds to Mars ! Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
< PROPFIRST > was a different girl had a thing for astronauts , < PROPFIRST > was the type of girl she always liked to play a lot , < PROPFIRST > was a holy girl father whet her appetite , and < PROPFIRST > was the type of girl she always liked to fall apart . Tell me did you see her face ? Tell me did you smell her taste ? Tell me what’s the difference ? Don’t they all just look the same inside ? Buddha for < PROPFIRST > , here it comes . <3 30 Seconds to Mars 
Going to go see Caspa Live !!!! Ah this show is gonna be movin ! Be back later tonight with lots of pictures ! 
Just got back from seeing CASPA !!!!! Wow that was the fucking shit he tore the place up . Danced the whole night , I need to do that more often . DUBSTEP FOR LIFE !!!!! 
Whats reality compared to me ? I am in a state of mind which makes me blind , I am here to stay forever but not today . You need a Time Killer but you don't understand , I am like quicksand lick it from my hands , I am your Time Killer I let your mind expand , I am like quicksand lick it from my hands . 
Into the wild , on with the mission , over the hills , your coming with me . 
Are we cold and are we killers ? Will you break my mind apart ? Have you seen what pain delivers ? If you start to fall apart you won't build a life of pleasure . If you wonder what we are we can build a life together . 
So I picked up the Firestarter EP by The Prodigy yesterday and it has the full 4:41 instrumental , can we say Remix Time ? 
Wow thats alot of dislike button spam 0 . o , my bad people should get that though cause disliking stuff is awesome . 
I'm taking her home with me , all dressed in white . Shes got everything I need , pharmacy keys . She's falling hard for me , I can see it in her eyes . She acts just a nurse with all the other guys . 
Ah chillin listening to some dubstep a damn good night its been ! 
4:30 AM I'm awake again . Singing to the doctor open-eyed . 
Chilling at home with Mango Stevens listening to some Dubstep . Bored so hit either one of us up , 314-600-3493 ! 
Ah I do love a good storm . 
NOBODY LISTENS TO TECHNO NO NO NO NO TECHNO TECH TECHNO TECH TECHNO !!!!! 
Adding the Pictures from < PROPMALE > soon , new pictures to my facebook I know right ? Pretty awesome day ahead , stay tuned . Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
Tonight was pretty awesome , sitting back PvPing with my Bro in law and Sister . 
Just watched the most gory fucked up I've seen in awhile , digging for links . I'll post if I find it . 
I'm stealing time from my own life , all the hours that god sends . 
FUCK YES !!!! Just cracked a complete copy of Ableton 8.1.1 Suite ! Let the music happen . 
Messing around on Ableton ... getting the < PROPFEMALE > of it rather nicely even using my computer keyboard , WTB a Piano Keyboard though ! 
Working in Ableton trying to assemble a sample to present to eager people . Hopefully I'll get something in a couple days . 
Don't go underground without me , please take me to your world . In the night I found you , now I walk without you . Thought I would be safe in here , but all I see where you were . Now the night surrounds you and I walk without you . 
Crestfallen be a name , Crestfallen by thy name . 
If you think threat is hard and were pretty sure shes a tard . If your a tank and your bad your name is Kat . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgKl94ANAp0&feature=related 
Its hard as fuck finding Trance Vinyls >.> . Why does the highest quality of sound have to be on a Vinyl ? 
No sleep Demon . 
No sleep for this evening damn 11PM naps ! 
Pick up'd the new Linkin Park CD , A Thousand Suns and its a very huge improvement to Minutes to Midnight . 8/10 I'd say still no Hybrid Theory or Meteora though . 
The time is now , the clock is ticking . We need quality time , no time to waste . 
Ah Orange Juice , some ham , and Trance music . Quite a good breakfast I do say . 
Life is temporary , < PROPFEMALE > is forever . 
Out for the evening , text it . 314-600-3493 . 
Ah today was a very awesome day , found two very rare Prodigy CD's! At home chilling listening to them hardcore . Hit it up . 
EVERYBODY THAT'S IN THE PLACE LETS GO ! 
God save us everyone where we burn inside the fires of a thousand suns for the sins of our hand , sins of our tongue , the sins of our father , the sins of our young . 
Immortality what does it mean ? Does being Immortal mean living forever ? If your remembered are you still living within the still frames of peoples minds ? If all this is so then is anyone ever truly dead ? 
FERRY CORSTEN TONIGHT !!!!!! Ah its gonna be a bomb ass time , no pictures but stories I am sure . 
Ferry Corsten killed it tonight ! My gloves were a huge hit , can't wait to break them again . \ 
\ 
Everything is beautiful .. \ 
Let the music < PROPFEMALE > you .. \ 
Maybe I will follow you , forever ! \ 
Nowhere else I'd rather be , \ 
When you're lying next to me .. \ 
Let the music < PROPFEMALE > us , together ! 
Good day ! I'll most likely be getting two part jobs ! Goodbye life , hello money ! 
.... Starcraft2 is pretty amazing not gonna lie . Brb tabbed out selling my soul to Blizzard some more . 
Fucking Dubstep , how does it work ? 
< PROPFIRST > Oakenfold Nov . 18th , I know I can't wait . 
Chilling at home looking for shit to do , get at me ! 314-600-3493 . 
My world is on fire and its not my < PROPFEMALE > , in the City of Ice so very nice . 
Trip like I do . 
We can Love and Live Forever , we can Taste these Feelings come Alive , and my interest is in Love , and I can not take this Pressure , and I wonder who of us Survives . There's no Conflict from Above . I'm asking for Mercy , asking don't Hurt me . 
I think the world would be a better place if everyone stopped what they were doing , held hands and listened to Dubstep . 
Needless to say Call of Duty Black Ops is pretty amazing . 
BEH ! Above & Beyond pushed back their CD till early next year , they need to stop being touring superstars and focus on the studio work . 
Beh awake at 4:30 but feeling alot better ! 
Can't wait till Thursday ! < PROPFIRST > Oakenfold is gonna be a sick ass time . 
Why is The Colbert Report the only real news that can have my attention spam for more then 30 seconds nowadays ? 
Good Morning world at 5:30 in the morning >.> ! < PROPFIRST > Oakenfold today ! 
< PROPFIRST > OAKENFOLD ROCKED !!!!! Ah what an amazing show , all 4 acts were equally amazing . 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!! I myself plan to gain a couple pounds this evening lol . 
ITS SNOWING !!!! 
Ah I am so full . Today's mission accomplished . 
Just ordered his very own copy of Super8&Tabs Empire . Beh shipping from the UK always takes forever and a day . 
Just saw the new < PROPMALE > Potter , they ended it at a very strange part not what I expected at all . 
mmhmm that was some good sleep , time to cook breakfast . 
You need a timekiller ? 
is burned out on being a DJ Hero at the moment , just beat all of DJ Hero 1 . Tried a song on DJ Hero 2 and needless to say its pretty awesome . 
Invaders must die ? 
wants a license to kill . 
Back to DJ Hero , text it 314-600-3493 . 
is unavailable for the next couple days , I got a Death Knight to level and gear up ! 
i want to logout 
Dear Dubstep , stop making me so uttery filthy throughout the whole day . 
The writings on the wall and it won't go away . Its an Omen you just run on automation now . 
Heartache , heartbreak , a fatal attraction in action . 
is a Nonmusic fuckhead ! 
Whos ready for that Blood Red < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Cause 4x4 = 12 is indeed the truth . 
Would like to thank everyone for teh Birthday wishes ! 
Ah New Years is alread7y shaping up to be one hell of a party . Get at me if you want on the guest list its bound to be a night you will forget . 
Word to your Mom I came to drop bombs . 
Is applying for college today ! Yay taking classes in the summer ? 
Some people think I'm bonkers . 
Might upload photos from 6-8 months ago . Oh boy ! 
A heavy bassline is my kind of silence ^.^ 
Well I know I promised this yesterday but today I mean it ! About 150 new photos coming your guys way . 
Alright so not 150 exactly but 122 is still close ! New Pictures(OMG right ? ) enjoy . 
Your slowly letting me go , and I know this feeling oh so this feeling In My Bones . 
Whats there to do at 1:30 other then sleep ? 
In Fire there is the spark of Chaos and Destruction , the seed of Life . In Ice there is perfect Tranquility , perfect Order , and the silence of Death 
Filling out my FASFA zzzz this is boring as fuck ! Hit me up , 314-600-3493 . 
The Reward is Ghosts N Stuff ? 
Really wants the Trance Anthem pack for his Dj Hero 2 the songs are just so good ! 
Cause even the clear sky won't bring back yesterday . 
This is not the end but a new beginning . 
Got the Trance Anthem's pack for Dj Hero 2 finally ! The songs are incredible to say the least . 
is Like a Boss . 
So I walk downstairs and my Mom is playing Dj Hero , I don't know how this makes me feel exactly . 
Cause you just can't get enough of my sound . 
Running through my mind baby all time its not over yet , deep inside my soul this I know for sure its not over . 
The only infamous acts I regret doing were the ones I choose to do of my own accord . 
On a side note its also occurred to me I am sick . 
Dj Hero till something fun comes to my view . 
Human , Human , Human , Human after all . 
On another note the next Batman movie might not be the Riddler/Two-Face but rather Bane , this is kinda upsetting news . 
I chime in with a haven't you people heard of closing the god damn door . 
Cleaned up the Friend's List , If you can read this you win at life ! 
All the comments I see every Thursday about Jersey Shore make me and baby Jesus cry . 
Somebody to rough you up , somebody to make it tough , somebody to bait you , somebody to love , but wait is this the love you want . 
So I got the house to myself for the next two days , anyone wonna do outrageously dumb stuff here ? 
Wicked . 
Gonna sit back and watch Red , I'll check this again a few hours ^^ 
Hello ? Fuck ! 
Gonna head out for a bit , text it 314-600-3493 . 
Its not a cool time to be outside but everything looks so nice and smooth ! Gotta love the way the ice makes everything look . 
NOOOOOOOO !!!! My Dj Hero controller died .... no more Dj hero till I get a new one =( 
Gonna be a slow night at home , need to fix my sleep schedule badly . Text it , 314-600-3493 . 
So on a very special note I checked out that Backround checking website , I am not so impressed with it but I am concerned with the fact that information like that about some people is even available . What are your guy's thoughts on this ? 
Now I stick my hand outside and its raining solid ice .... I think I'll enjoy a lovely day at home . 
Got a new Dj Hero Controller ! My day got a little bit more awesome because of it . 
So the new Armin < PROPFIRST > Buuren CD is really good , it's sad he's starting to sell out =( 
Sometimes thing's get complicated . 
Well Facebook I got some good news and bad . The bad news I am not gonna be on at all today , the good news is I just the Collectors Edition of Dead Space 2 . So yeah .... 
Text me if its important or your awesome . Good bye Facebook hello Necromorphs ! 
Beh on Chapter 10 of Dead Space 2 , done playing it for now my skill was steady diminishing . Great game though , if your into the whole horror/suspense game scene it's a must own . 
Beh staying up all day is gonna be fun on 5 hours of sleep from Wednesday night . 
So I like snow and all but I am used to bitching about not getting enough , never about getting to much . 
Well Dead Space 2 has been beatin . Hat's off to Visceral for designing quite possibly one of the best game's I've ever played . It was suspenseful , thrilling , challenging , sad , happy , twisted , and above all else jaw-dropping . I anxiously await 3 . 
Hmmm Tiesto is coming to St. < PROPFIRST > , who would be interested in going to this with me ? 
What a game ! Both teams played exceptionally well . Hat's off to Green Bay for winning of course . 
Take a moment to live , take a moment to cry , take a moment to love and don't ask why , 
Today was good , chilled with < PROPFEMALE > , and now full of chili . Hit me up . 
The bass , the funk , the mic , the trouble , I like my Coffee black just like my Metal . 
Got a hair cut , that's always fun . Got an interview tomorrow at 4 . 
Saddest news all day , Activision is discountinueing the Dj Hero/Guitar Hero games . 
Interview was brief but it went well , I know I'll get that 2nd interview tomorrow . 
World my finger is on the button . 
Al-Shanosta . 
On another note ; Just got back from seeing the Green Hornet , pretty cheesy movie but funny and kinda badass lol . 
Happy Singles-Awareness Day lol , what a worthless holiday . 
Pendulum Dj Hero 2 Mix Pack , finally some DnB . WTB Dubstep Mix pack . 
A warning to the people the good and the evil , this is war . 
Chilling at home eating Ramen and watching Black Hawk Down . 
On another note watching this movie again another some odd years later I notice what an amazing cast it has . < PROPMALE > Bloom , Ehan McGregor and many many others . 
Just got done doing 3 laps around JB my legs feel killer lol . Chilling at home about to do the whole music production thing . 
Gonna go take a stroll around JB , text it 314-600-3493 . 
Chilling at home with the amazing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Turnbough , < PROPFIRST > Sullivan , and Kassy . Watching a movie lol . 
Tomorrow never comes until it's too late . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Sullivan , < PROPFIRST > Hunt . Are we all ready for the dubstepping time that is Bass Cabaret tonight ? 
\Yeah her orgasm would sound like a computer crashing ... \ " -Kassy Link " 
Well the Rave was pretty fucking awesome . 
Thunder , Tornado's , and Dubstep . Oh my ! 
Move for me , and I'll move for you . 
On another note , before I fill out this weeks round of job applications , anyone know anywhere hiring , and would be awesome enough to reference me . 
Is it just me I'd like to know or are we all just a little blind . 
Hmmm < PROPFEMALE > Castles playing in Chicago , oh if only . 
Putting together a formal Resume , listening to something other then Dubstep(OMG RIGHT ? ) . 
Beware what you intend to say , those words will always make you pay . 
You know how we do it . 
So the site where I get my Gloves is giving away free swag RaveReady.com rocks pretty hard , should check them out for most your dancing/rave needs . 
is Chilling at home watching Repo ! 
is chilling at home eating Pizza , and watching The < PROPFEMALE > Bride . 
They hear the bass and they say whoa , and then they get down on the floor . 
I wanna , I wanna dance in the light , I wanna , I wanna , rock your body , I wanna , I wanna go for a ride . Hop in the music it will rock your body . 
Ladies and gentlemen I think I am in love .... WITH MORE BASS !!! 
Wow , it's a good thing I am writing all this down . Not here of course but wow I feel so unlocked . 
ABOVE & BEYOND IS COMING THE 22nd OF APRIL !!!! OMG OMG OMG . Today is the happiest day since happiness was created . 
Watching Japan right now .... wow I am awe struck at watching this nightmare unfold . 
Shower , then whatever the day has in store . Nothing planned lol . 
Feed the fire , break your vision , throw your fists up , you're coming with me . 
There is no you , there is only me . 
If you don't play you'll never win . 
Feels awesome after that bike ride , hit me up people 314-600-3493 . 
Today was such a nice day out , Did 3 laps around JB , did all of what was available of < PROPMALE>'s Trail , and is now chilling eating dinner . Could this day get any better ? I think so ! 
Good morning 9AM world , it's been awhile . 
Also on another note for all you gamer nerds , I will be doing Dead Space 2 Hardcore and recording the whole thing . 
Home , prepping the Basement for < PROPFEMALE>'s party . Its bound to be a hell of a night lol . 
Are you alive or are you dead ? 
4sho Presents : < PROPFIRST > VonStroke @ Koken < PROPMALE > Factory this week , yep its gonna be a good week already =) . Great day though it was awesome out . 
Above & Beyond Jono , Pavvo , and < PROPFIRST > I can't wait for you guys to hit St. < PROPFIRST > for the Group Therapy World Tour its going to be an amazing night . I wish I could make you're guys amazing show in Miami ! Well keep spreading Trance Around the World . Anjunabeats for life my Trance Family ! 
No rest , no mercy , no matter what . 
Friday needs to get here faster , < PROPFIRST > Vonstroke is gonna be awesome ! 
Fuck registering for classes is boring ! 
Yay internet how I missed you so ! 
Morning world , anything exciting happening today ? 
Look Facebook I don't give a fuck about you're City , Farm , Mafia , what questions you answered about me or any of that jazz ! 
Oh and NEW SUPERJAIL TONIGHT !!!! 
