getting ready to head to the beach . No work for 7 whole days !!! Yes !!!!! 

ok getting cabin fever . not used to having so much time off work .. 
No broken bones , just a couple of really bad sprains . 
missing myself 
This aint no date .......... 
in the mood to go paddleling 
what happend to spring ? it went form snowing to hotter than hades in like a week . 
It's definately monday !!!! can we rewind the weekend didn't last long enough . 
soooo excited about tommrow . cartecay river experience i having a big earth day bash !!! everyone should come < PROPFEMALE > out , listen to some awesome music and chill by the river . 
We're fools whether we dance or not , so we might as well dance . - japanese proverb 
Sooo lazy today ... wish i didn't have to go to work . 
Day off !!!! yeah !!! 
Yes , no , yes , no . It really shouldn't be this hard to make up my mind !!!! aaaaaarrrrrrrggggggg !!!! 
Going to have my foot and ankle x-rayed . hoping nothing is broken . 
Ok ..... it's offical . i've gone completely insane !!!!! 
Not even sure why i'm bothering to look for a new car when i'm apparently too absent minded to even drive one . 
Feel like i'm stuck in a rut that i really need to get out of . 
Wishing i was home in bed instead of still working . 
Hoping i feel better tommrow . 
Ok between a sprained ankle , broken foot , stomache virus , nonstop migrains , no sleep , over stressed , haven't had a day off work in almost 2 weeks and now < PROPFIRST>'s sick . I definately think it's time for a vacation !!!!! 
Finally got to go paddling last night !! totally awesome !!! 
Paddled dnr twice today !!! woot woot !!! 
What to do today ? 
can't wait to go paddling tommrow !!!! i\m so excited !! " 
Tube or sit-on-top ? decisions decisions !!!!! 
Great day on the river with awesome friends !!!!! got to see my favorite person !!!! i'm stoked !!!! 
Trying to reorganize my bed room and thinking about taking a nap . 
How do you stub your toes and trip up your steps in the middle of the day when your totally sober ? 
Got my bed room and closet totally reorganized and spotless tommrow the bathroom . 
Dazed and confused . 
Can life get any better ???? 
Dying to go paddling !!!! 
Taking a break from the river today . Went down in the Wave Sport for the 1st time yesterday . It rocked !!!!!!!! 
Hoping i get back to ellijay in time to go down the river . 
headed south for the night !!! so excited to have a night out of ellijay !!!! 
Omg !!! having a friggin blast !!! luv it !!! 
being totally lazy today ... 
luv having great friends who are always there when i need them . 
I hate when people air their dirty laundry in public . Why not just move on . Live and let live . 
Had an wonderful night with a great guy and awesome friends . 
hates having a head cold in the summer !!!!!! It's totally miserable !!!!! 
Getting ready for another awesome day at the river . Come paddle or tube with us !!!!!!! Cartecay River Experience . 
Thinking about Springer , i feel a hike coming on !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ok everyone my phone bit the dust today and i haven't replaced it yet . But i'm either at home or the river if anyone needs me . 
i'm so ready for a weekend hike any body game ????? 
Had an amazing night with awesome friends . Loving life !!!!!!!! 
phone is working now yeah 
Headed to texas whoot woot !!!!!! 
finally made it !!!!! 
Loving being in Texas with my girls !!!!! but i'm seriously missing my baby !!!!!! 
You must live in the present , launch yourself on every wave , find your element in each moment . -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau 
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . ” 
The human spirit needs places where nature has not been rearranged by the hand of man . ~ Author Unknown 
can feel the brick wall crumbling . 
Enjoying a Twilight movie marathon night with < PROPFEMALE > . I love hangin with my girls . Wish i didn't have to say goodbye to her and < PROPFEMALE > on Saturday . 
WoW !!!!!! Did i really wake up with a smile & singing ?????? 
headed to the airport on my way back home . i can't wait to see everyone !!!!! 
I'm sooooo confused !!!!!!! This is what happens when i DON'T analyse and over think everything . 
going to pick < PROPMALE > up in < PROPMALE > . Then back home for a much needed nap . 
Never be afraid to try something new . Remember amateurs built the Ark - professionals built the Titanic . 
\Never put your body where your mind hasn’t been first . ” < PROPFIRST > Duff " 
Can't wait to spend the evening with my baby . He's so toatally amazing in every way . 
Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Einstein 
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new . \ 
Once we accept our limits , we go beyond them . \ 
i feel like im on a rollacoaster . do i really wanna take this ride ? it's scaring the hell out of me . 
“As we drive along this road called life , occasionally a gal will find herself a little lost . And when that happens , I guess she has to let go of the coulda , shoulda , woulda , buckle up and just keep going . ” 
Maybe the past is like an anchor holding us back . Maybe , you have to let go of who you were to become who you will be . 
Can i just go to sleep and wake up from the nightmare of the last 2 days . 
In reality , hope is the worst of all evils , because it prolongs man's torments . ~ Friedrich Nietzsche , Human , All Too Human , 1878 
Listen up all of my River Friends ! Some heartless scum stole my friends kayak yesterday . Look out for a light blue on blue swirl dagger rodeo folks and keep me posted . 706-889-1108/ 706-531-4746 . Meanwhile may < PROPFEMALE > slap that horrible dirtbag right in the face ! 
Uggghhhh . Stomache virus or food posioning ? Either way , please just shoot me !!!!!!!! 
I'm feeling much better . Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . Spent a quite day with my boys , it was great . 
ready for this day to be over !!!!! 
“Maybe mistakes are what make our fate ... without them what would shape our lives ? Maybe if we had never veered off course we wouldn't fall in love , have babies , or be who we are . After all , things change , so do cities , people come into your life and they go . But it's comforting to know that the ones you love are always in your heart ... and if you're very lucky , a plane ride away” 
< PROPMALE>'s gone back to his dad's , and < PROPFIRST > decided to spend tonight with my nephew . I feel so abandoned . 
There are those that open u up to something new & exotic , those that are old & familiar , those that bring up lots of questions , those that bring u somewhere unexpected , those that bring u far from where u started , & those that bring u back . But the most exciting , challenging & significant relationship of all is the one u have with yourself . & if u can find someone to love the u that u love , well , that's just fabulous 
It's amazing how the same person can totally fire you up , then so calm you down in a matter of minutes . 
It's amazing how much clearer things are when you actually step back and look at them . 
I wanted you to know I love the way you laugh\ 
I wanna hold you high and steal your pain away\ 
I keep your photograph , I know it serves me well\ 
I wanna hold you high and steal your pain\ 
\ 
' Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome\ 
And I don't feel like I am strong enough\ 
And I don't feel right when you're gone away 
ok i've been awake for a total of one hour so far i've boiled the kettle dry , almost setting the kitchen on fire . overflowed the bathtub flooding the bathroom , and i just spilled hot coffee on myself . i think i'm just going to go back to bed . 
A soulmate is someone who has locks that fit our keys , and keys to fit our locks . When we feel safe enough to open the locks , our truest selves step out and we can be completely and honestly who we are ; we can be loved for who we are and not for who we’re pretending to be . Each unveils the best part of the other . Our soulmate is the one who makes life come to life . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Bach 
in Memphis , ready to relax . 
Getting ready to head back to Ellijay today . Thinking about taking an impromptu trip to fl . I really need to spend some time with my baby ........ 
Insomnia has set in uuggghhhh . So exhausted , yet so wide awake . 
Think i've finally recoved from the Memphis trip . Had great time even if i didn't go for the best of reasons . Now planning the Flordia trip to see my baby , can't get down there quick enough . 
I never thought i would hear myself say this but , I really don't wanna go shopping . 
Craving Cajun ... Guess its black beans and rices with sausages for dinner tonight . 
Getting ready to go pick < PROPMALE > up for the weekend . Excited about having both of my boys here . Now if I could just figure out how to get < PROPFIRST > up here faster .................. 
wishes her life was way less complicated right now ......... 
Now knows what \Beware the Four Horseman\ " truely means ... Thanks < PROPMALE >!!!!!!!!" 
You know you need to get a life when your running out of Facebook quizzes to take . UUUUGGGHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!! 
Well , month two of insomnia .... going to go try sleeping again . Maybe i can get in a couple of hours before i have to take < PROPFIRST > to the doctor in the morning . 
Waiting for the next plague ......... 
I became insane , with long intervals of horrible sanity . \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Poe 
Insomnia is a gross feeder . It will nourish itself on any kind of thinking , including thinking about not thinking . ~ Clifton Fadiman 
I'm not confused . I'm just well mixed . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Frost 
I was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was as good as new . What is broken is broken -- and I'd rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as I lived . 
Even my hair hurts .............. 
Trying to figure out how you can be : excited , scared , nervous , ecstatic all at the same time !!!!!! 
Got to find something to do until < PROPFIRST > gets here tommrow or i'm gonna be mental !!!!!! 
UUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm ready to climb out of the rabbit hole ...... 
Everything is finally falling into place . < PROPFIRST>'s here , my boys are awesome , i got a job , my car isn't acting too crazy and my sister is back home . Live is great !!!!!!! 
Life is good ....... 
The most important thing in life is your family . There are days you love them , and others you don't . But , in the end , they're the people you always come home to . Sometimes it's the family you're born into and sometimes it's the one you make for yourself . 
I admit it's tempting to wish for the perfect boss - the perfect parent - or the perfect outfit . But maybe the best any of us can do is not quit , play the hand we've been dealt , and accessorize what we've got . 
You know you're in love when you don't want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams . 
Hate dreaming about the past . Wishing it would just stay where i buried it ........ 
Work tonight , then off tommrow and Tuesday . Yeah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Regrets are a waste of time . They're the past crippling you in the present . 
Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up . \ 
The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy . 
I love life because what more is there . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Hopkins 
You build on failure . You use it as a stepping stone . Close the door on the past . You don't try to forget the mistakes , but you don't dwell on it . You don't let it have any of your energy , or any of your time , or any of your space . 
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life : it goes on . 
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it . 
Time you enjoy wasting , was not wasted . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Lennon 
It's pretty bad when my four favorite men can't even cheer me up .... Sorry < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > , i know you guys tried ..... 
Car died again !!!!!!! Anybody know where a crusher is that they will let me push the button ???? UUUUUGGGGGHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!! 
I've never been able to plan my life . I just lurch from indecision to indecision . 
Rock bottom is good solid ground , and a dead end street is just a place to turn around . 
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn . 
I love realizing that the little voice in my head is right ...... ok lets do this !!!!!!!! 
* SIGH * 
Thinkin about a bottle of < PROPFIRST > and ridin country roads ....... any takers ????? 
Gulf Shores is looking really good right now ..... maybe next week . 
Missing the water .... whose up for kayaking saturday morning ?????? 
New car time . The Benz finally died . I'm going to miss my hippie car !!!!!! 
Tired of waiting for someone else to do it ...... I'll just do it myself !!!!!! UUUUUGGGGGHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Work tonight , then off tommrow and Tuesday . Yay !!!! 
Car shopping today , then kayaking this afternoon with my two favorite people !!!!! I'm soooooo excited !!!!! Finally a chill day !!!!! 
Yesterday was awesome . Finally found a car YAY !!!!!!! Whistle Stop in Blue Ridge tonight ... Can't Wait !!!!!!! 
WoW ..... What a night .... i hate playing fill-in-the-blanks . 
For every minute you are angry , you lose sixty seconds of happiness . 
The only thing worse than a liar , is a bad liar . 
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for something you are not . 
Ok can't move ... got the awfullest ( is that a word , Oh well ) knot in my back ..... 
It's-all-good . ( darn-keyboard !! ) 
Today was my Friday YaaY !!!! Next 2 days off !!!!!! What to do ????? Hmmmmmm ....... 
Ok ... Who else as ever updated their status and i just mysteriously disappears ????? 
Really ?????? 
Ok i've updated my profile 3 times and it keeps disappearing ... WTF !!!!! 
Watching chick flicks and eating junk food with my sissy .... date night mondays ... chill night . 
Yawn !!!! Bed-time ... Had-a-great-night ... Driving-to-cleveland-to-pick-Nicholas-up-tommrow .... And-shopping-for-a-new-keyboard ... Dang-spacebar ... lol 
Taking-Christopher-to-the-doctor ..... Again .... Then-Whistle-Stop-tonight-with-Anne-and-whoever-else-wants-to-come ..... oh-are-we-doing-shushi-first ????? 
Had a great time at last night with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , Chumley and Hopie . Can't wait to do it again !!!! 
Today's my Monday .... I don't wanna work !!!! I'ld rather be hiking . Taking the boys to Bear Creek in the morning . Can't wait to get some great fall pics . 
Is tonight a full < PROPFEMALE > ???? Apparently the crazies are out . I felt like macing a few of them at work tonight . Thank Gawd for self control !!!! 
Headed to Bear Creek with < PROPMALE > and Christoher . 
Had a wonderful day hiking with the boys and got some awesome pics ( will post later ) . Just got home , now out the door to work ... They're wanting to do Springer in the morning and get there to watch the sun rise ... I see injuries in my future ... 
The boys decided to sleep in this morning instead of a sunrise hike . so what to do ....... 
Ok , so it was < PROPMALE>'s turn for the ER today .... I'm putting my kids in a bubble .... Not paying attention , running , looks up , smacks his self in the face with a tree branch that has a sharp end on it , goes completely thru his face right above his upper lip , doc glued it back together , he's drinking thru a straw ... Sigh . He's ok though . Not stopping him from talking ...... 
I_need_more_sleep ....... I_apoligise_before_hand_to_my_employer_for_sucking_at_work_today . 
Day-off !!!!!!! 
Date night at < PROPFEMALE>'s . Sangria , cold pizza , spagettie o's out of the can , and movies ... awesome night !! 
The only people that ever get bored is boring people ..... and just because i have a job doesn't mean i'm a personal bank .... just a few of my pet peeves . 
Ok , so < PROPFIRST > runs into Annes saying .... \Momma done got hurt ..... AGAIN ... and she's saying things i can't repeat . You might wanna go check on her\ " This as he sits down at the table to eat his McChicken .... He loves me soooo much ... " 
repeat-performance-this-morning : slipped-on-an-acorn-landed-on-my-ass-and-bounced-down-three-steps-before-i-stopped-myself , _and_i-almos t-t ook-him-down-with-me ........ 
Had an awesome night hangin on < PROPFEMALE>'s front pourch after work last nite .... forgot that her drinks made me so wobbley ... or am i just becoming a light weight ??? 
WOW !!!!! That's all I got ....... 
Exhausted ...... wish i could sleep . Think i need a break from life ..... nothing seems to be going right .. 
Really , WOW .... I think i must have really pissed the car gods off .... My new ( or newest ) car refuses to start today . Thinking about buying a horse and buggy ..... 
Going to bed ... I'm sure tommrow will be better . 
Learn from your mistakes and try not to repeat them .... When am I going to learn this ... espeically when it comes to men . 
Had_an_totally_amazing_awesome_night_at_Jenny_&_Woody's ... Totally_kicked_ass_playing_Super_Scrabble . _Can't_wait_to_do_it_again . _And_yes_my_keyboard_is_at_it_again ... 
Awesome night hangin out with my sissy and the crew . 
Feel like i've stepped into the Twilight Zone .... 
Don't_wanna_go_to_work .... 
Have_you_ever_stepped_back_and_looked_at_your_life_and_say_how_the_hell_did_i_end_up_here ........ 
New keyboard YAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wellll , what had happened was ........ 
Saw 3d was a total rip off , there was like 4 things that was 3d in the whole movie ... But anyway ... Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > , I'm glad you liked it ... 
I hate having dreams when you wake up , look around , and realise they're not true ... 
Had an amazing night .. can't stop smiling . 
Wishing I would stop coughing long enough to go to sleep . I'm exhaused ..... 
Ok , i've moved into the please just shoot me stage of my cold . My lungs are burning and are trying to expel themselves from my body . Best of all I have no voice . Can't talk at all , so if anyone has been dying to tell me something and wanted no response now's the time . My son is definately taking advantage of it lol . 
Uh Oh .... Thinkin i could be in trouble ... 
Wishing my boys were home this morning . I'm missing cooking our Sunday Brunch . 
Super excited about visiting < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > for the next couple of days ... I think being out of town will give me some much needed down time .. 
Found out that i have to work tommrow . So much for a few days rest .. at least i got to visit tonight . 
Not wanting to head back to ellijay , It's so peaceful and relaxing here ... UUUGGGHHHH . 
Had a great ending to a hellacious day . 
Procrastinating ... Had an amazing day off yesterday and not wanting to go to work today . 
Exhausting day at work ... I'm a little on the grumpy side . Think I will go to bed and hopefully wake up on the right side in the morning . 
< PROPMALE > and I decided it's midnight snack time ... IHOP here we come !!!!! 
I'm so happy it's Sunday , work tonight then off Monday and Tuesday ... YaY !!! 
Both kids are home at once ... Wondering if it's the worlds end or i have some fatal illness i don't yet know about :-) 
Happy Thanksgiving Everybody !!!!! 
Not sure if I play farmville because I have insomnia or I now have insomnia because of playing farmville . 
Having a much needed break from life ... 
Thinking i need a vacation ....... 
House to myself , finished my book , much needed quite time . Now work ugghh . But super excited about hanging with < PROPFEMALE > afterwards toinght !!!!!!! 
REALLY not wanting to go to work !!!!!!! 
Was snowing like crazy on my way home ... YAY !!!!! ATL bound in the morning ... Oh and < PROPFEMALE > i'm ready for my cats ....... 
Thinking it's time for a glass of wine ........ 
Just when you think your over something you do something totally stupid that says your not ...... 
Frosty the Snowman , huge fire , and hot cocoa , perfect . 
Change of plans ... staying in atl one more night then heading home in the morning . 
Today is my Monday ..... Getting ready to head back to Ellijay . 
BBBRRRRRR !!!!!!! Loving my electric blanket ... wondering if they make an electric coat ???? 
Off to work then who knows . Feelin like I need to blow off some steam !!!!!! 
Today's my Friday !!!!! YAY !!!!!! 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! 
Just made it home ... The roads are horribe and the drivers worse !!!!! 
$1 sushi or chineese ???? Hard decisions lol !!!!! 
Getting restless ... Need to find something new to get in to !!!!!!!!!! 
Bout to head to head to work ..... 10 days till Christmas need to start my shopping , talk about last minute this year ... 
Had a blast with my old friend < PROPFIRST > last night !!! Despite a mild headache and being a litte shakey , I feel better than I have in months !!!! 
Chillin with < PROPMALE > after work ... Heading to Mableton tommrow to chill with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > and FINALLY get my Christmas shopping done . 
Change of plans .... Not going to Mableton . Headed south to do some shopping with Mom and < PROPMALE > then will be back in Ellijay tonight .. 
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass ..... It's about learning to dance in the rain . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!!!!! 
Had an amazing Christmas ... got everything I wished for and more ... Hope everyones Christmas was as wonderful as mine !!!!! 
Who's going to eat sushi tommrow .... i'm childless and don't won't to eat alone ... 
Back to work tonite ... Had a couple of awesome days off , playing in the snow with < PROPMALE > and spending time with great old friends , a super great new one and , my Sissy and Norm ... LML !!! 
Ok i've decided my next present to myself is definately going to be a wii ... Oh and < PROPMALE > , DUCK !!!!!! 
Today was my Friday !!!!! Defiantely need a couple of days of me time ... Why does nothing ever work out as planned ???? 
UUUUUGGGGGHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!! 
This ain't nothin !!! 
Ever had one of those days when you feel like your walking around in a dream ???? Nothing seems real ... And you wish to hell it wasn't!!!!! 
Snow yakin and hot chocolate !!!!!! 
I'm done , finshed , screw it .... totally not worth it !!!!!!! 
Got to love my kids !!!! \ 
< PROPMALE > to me : \Quit patronizing me woman\ " \ 
Super lazy day off . Napping , tv , eating , and more napping . Now bed time ... Yawn !!!! 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > sick of negative people !!!!!!!! Life is not a < PROPFEMALE > tale , your not gaurenteed a happy ending in everything you do !!!! If all you put into your life is negative then that's all your going to get out of it ... Stop complaining and try doing something positive , it might just change things ... And don't forget < PROPFEMALE > !!!! What goes around definately comes back around !!!!!! 
sniffling , sneezing , coughing , aching , stuffy head , no fever yet .... I'm one step away from feeling like Nyquil commercial ... and they should throw in waterey eyes .. 
Yawn !!!!!!! Two nights of insomnia has me feeling like a walking zombie . 
After not leaving < PROPFIRST>' b-day party till , 5 this morning then jamming out for 2 hours with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > , then having to work today , I'm exhausted !!!! I think my insomina will not be a problem tonight . Bed , here i come !!!!! 
:-) ...... says it all !!!!!!!!!! 
He's only gonna be gone for about 8 days !!!!!! Can't wait for him to be back home !! 
Loving this awesome weather !!!!! Hope it stays for the weekend , I feel a hike coming on . 
Overslept and missed hiking ... Ugghhh !!!! It's so georgeous outside today ... Hope it stays that way so we can hit the woods tommrow . 
Hiked Fort Mountain with the boys yesterday , Totally amazing , got some awesome pics . My baby is gonna be home in 3 days !!!! Life is good !!!!!! 
I don't wanna go to work ... I want my baby to be at home so I can lay in bed and cuddle with him till I feel better . 
MY BABY IS COMING HOME !!!!!!!! I'm super stoked !!!!! I'll only get to spend one day with him but that's better than nothing . 
I wish it was warm enough to hit they river . The water looks awesome right now !!!! Can't wait till spring !!!! 
Today is my friday yeay !!!! Going to stay with my baby tonight before he has to leave tommrow for a few weeks . He says he has something special planned . I can't wait !!!!!!!!! 
Had a great two days with my baby , he's so amazing .... Took me 4 wheelin in the the rain then cooked me an awesome spagattie dinner . I think someone is slipping him < PROPMALE > notes lol . 
Back to work today ... 
On average , homeowners pay around $1.40 a day for a full-time Fire Dept including salaries & benefits . If you own a smart phone , you pay $3.40 on average a day for it . That cell phone won't die FOR you , protect your property , save your life , perform CPR or drive you to the hospital in an emergency . Copy and paste . Show Support to your local Firefighters . 
It's beauiful outside this morning !!!!! Can't wait till spring !!!! 
Wish < PROPFIRST > was home ... Missing him like crazy . 
If you want the rainbow , you must put up with the rain . 
Ever feel like you've been run over by a < PROPMALE > truck , then it backed up and took another try . 
There are no mistakes . The events we bring upon ourselves , no matter how unpleasant , are necessary in order to learn what we need to learn ; whatever steps we take , they're necessary to reach the places we've chosen to go . 
What do you do when the Nyquil isn't working anymore ???? I've tried everything and i've still had at least a 102 fever for the past three days ... Any suggestions ??? 
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret . ~ Ambrose Bierce 
Feeling much better today . Think I'll drag the 4 wheeler out , pump up the tires clean the carb , and change the oil . It defiantely needs a tune up . 
See it's like this , your friends will always be your friends when they see you even if you haven't been able to be around constantly . They are grateful for YOU . They miss you , love you and understand that your life doesn't and shouldn't EVER revolve around anyone but You in order to be the Best You that You can be ! It is then that you have enough to give and share . 
Definately in a Mars Volta mood today . 
Got a definate date this morning . He has to be in Chicago on the 18th . The count down begins ...... 
