HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!! 

After sticking one car in the ditch , I got the other car out and made it to Mound City for services there , but called off Blue Mound services . With our weather since before Christmas , it's almost like living in Montana again ! Looking forward to 2 weeks in KC for Course of Study .... starting tomorrow ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I are in Branson celebrating 35 years of wedded bliss . 
Home from Branson ... it was good to get away for awhile . 
went out for a 7 miler this morning . It was great ! 
We had a great time with our sons and daughters this evening ... except for < PROPFEMALE > . Hope she can make it next time . We praise God for a wonderful family ! 
Took a few days off last week and back to work ! Will be headed to COS at SPST in KC in a couple of weeks . 
is feeling especially old today ... my youngest , my baby , < PROPFEMALE > turned 21 today ! 
It's a rainy day before the 4th in SE Kansas ! 
ate at JJ's in Blue Mound tonight ( good bar-b-que ) to celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s b'day . 
We were blessed in our worship at our two churches this morning and have spent the afternoon preparing for 2 weeks in glorious Kansas City ... Course of Study at Saint < PROPFIRST > School of Theology . 
I am situated in my hotel room , classes are beginning to roll pretty well and I'm catching up with friends at SPST . 
has finished one paper this morning and ready to start the next . Going with friends to COR this evening and will worship at St. < PROPFIRST > UMC in the morning . 
I have had two wonderful worship experiences this weekend ... one at Church of the Resurrection in Leawood , KS and the other at Saint < PROPFIRST > UMC in Kansas City , MO . 
Four more days and two more papers . I'm getting ready for the countdown ! Great classes ... I am enjoying it . 
One more day ... the countdown is on ! 
is home . 
is getting ready to go to the men's breakfast . 
is ready to head home after a long day . Abide process team meeting this afternoon . 
25 of us went from Mound City/Blue Mound United Methodist Churches to Pittsburg 1st to see the Hope for African Children's Choir . What a great performance ! 
I just returned from the < PROPFEMALE > County Fair where I ate a dinner of roast beef , mashed potatoes and gravy , fresh green beans and a dessert of pecan pie and homemade ice cream served up by members of the Mound City United Methodist Church . M-m-m-m-m-My was 
is reading \Power Surge\ " by < PROPFIRST > W . Foss . Good stuff ! " 
is looking forward to our Day Camp Wednesday at Blue Mound UMC . 
Day Camp at Blue Mound was great ! 21 kids and plenty of folks to make it happen . Thanks to everyone ! 
is headed for < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . Abide team training on Saturday . 
How good it was to see < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and kids today ... let's not wait so long until the next time . Abide tomorrow . 
has the most beautiful daughter in the world ! 
is getting ready to go to choir practice at church , then church council meeting . Tomorrow : Burlington . 
is headed for Burlington to spend the day with friends in ministry . 
Eight years ago today ... let us never forget . 
Oh the heartbreak of being a Buckeye fan . 
Oh the PAIN of being a KC Chiefs fan ! 
is chillin ' . 
had one long day today ... worship services and Abide . Praise God for all Blessings ! 
4 more weeks ... 
Celebrated 130th Anniversary of Blue Mound UMC today ... had our program , history of church , singing and HOME MADE ice cream ! Yummm . Had over 100 members and friends this afternoon . 
< PROPFIRST > and I got to see my Mom today . She is such a great lady ! 
is headed for KC today . 
is tired after a long day of serving his Lord . 
had a great day in Topeka ! 
RAIN , RAIN GO AWAY !!! 
Finally , after nearly 7 inches of rain , the clouds have dissipated . Sunshine !!! 
Arts and Crafts Festival at Mound City today and tomorrow ... stop by the MCUMC or BMUMC stands for good food or caramel apples ! Sunshine today ! 
Better get to bed ... Mound City men's breakfast in the morning . 
One week until Marathon Sunday ... the countdown is on ! 
did the marathon today . It went well ... now recovering ! 
just helped < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > clean out a pumpkin ... baking pumpkin seeds . M-m-m-m . 
is thankful today for finishing another paper for COS ... SPST . 
lives in the land of the free and the home of the brave . Thanks Veterans ! 
The Fort < PROPFIRST > ( football ) Greyhounds are undefeated and are going to play for the < PROPMALE > college national championship ! How cool is that ? Oh yeah , the KC Chiefs won today ! What is going on ? 
We had a great men's breakfast today at MCUMC . Family Thanksgiving this evening for the Peterson family . GO BUCKEYES !!! 
had a great time with the 150th celebration at MCUMC , and then came home to watch the big upset ... Chiefs defeat the Steelers !!! 
We had a wonderful Thanksgiving service this evening as United Methodists , Baptists , Federated , Catholic , and Cornerstone of the Mound City area came together to worship at Wall Street Christian Church . 
Here is hoping everyone has a wonderful Thanksgiving ... God Bless You All ! 
As we begin a time of anticipation and expectation with the Advent season , may God Bless you and yours . 
is headed to Ottawa this morning for a District Clergy Meeting . 
had a great day with his wife , the churches he serves and dinner with friends afterward ! 
went to < PROPMALE > with < PROPFIRST > today to see Mom and my Sis ... had a good visit with them ! 
had a good time helping with Commodities at MCUMC .... more in the morning . 
had great worship at the churches he serves . Back to Blue Mound for the Christmas Program this evening ! 
Birthday present to myself .... 7 mile run -- Wahooo ! Feelin ' good ! 
Thanks to all my Facebook friends for my birthday wishes . God Bless You ! 
is soaking up this Christmas season as he anticipates the coming year .... Christmas < PROPFEMALE > Service at MCUMC 6:00 this evening . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
As much as we hate to do this we are canceling the Christmas < PROPFEMALE > Service at Mound City United Methodist Church . Please pass the word along . Have a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas one and all ! 
Have a Blessed and Happy New Year my FB friends 
What a great way for the Chiefs to end their season ! Hopefully a building block for next season ! I believe we have found our \back of the future ! \"" 
is headed for KC this morning . Hope the roads are good ! 
made the trip to KC . Roads were in good shape . First day of classes are under my belt . G'nite . 
After the snow last night , roads were in pretty good shape today in KC . 435 was fairly clear and most were driving sensibly . Now , a couple cold days and a warming trend . Cone on next week ! 
One week complete COS 
Great game tonight ! Way to go Wildcats ! 
It was a good weekend ! Good meeting with DCOM , good friends , great worship , wonderful family ! Life is good . 
OK , so I am on Farmville . But that does not mean I am doing anything on farmville . My daughter just needed another friend on farmville , so I told her I would be her friend . She can tend my farm if she wants , but I've got other things to do ! Just sayin .... 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! But enough , already ! 
Good neighbors are a part of life's blessings . 
What a great game at Bramledge tonight ! I'm a KU fan , but my hat's off to K State . What a tough , well coached , fearless team they are ! 
Youtube.com:) http://bit.ly/aPV3FN 
I'm a Peyton Manning fan , but it was good to see < PROPFIRST > Brees and the Saints bring some joy to New Orleans ! 
is not so sure about this new Face Book layout . I guess it'll take some time to get used to it . 
had a great day today , but is ready for a warm up in the weather ! 
just delivered 89 Health Kits for Haiti put together by Mound City UMC ( 67 kits ) and Blue Mound UMC ( 22 kits ) . Thanks to all for your hard work and generosity and to < PROPFEMALE > UMC for being a drop off point for health kits ! 
I just finished another paper for Course of Study .... Gotta love it ! Now on to the next project ! 
Rock Chalk Jayhawk ! KU ! 
is fighting a cold and sore throat today .... I don't have time for this ! 
Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own status . You can't choose family but you can choose friends . Amen to having great friends ! 
Rock Chalk Jayhawk ! Big 12 Champs .... Now it's time to go after another National Championship ! 
is looking forward to a day of worship with the churches he serves . Today looking at a time of transitioning from < PROPFIRST > 5:9 -12 as the Israelites were preparing to enter the Promised Land . How do we prepare for times of change in our lives ? 
It's 6:30 am and still dark ! This time change thing messes with you for awhile ! 
It's been a good day . I've seen some folks I needed to see . We have a Vision team meeting at MCUMC this evening , then choir .... 
What a great day . Sermon ready ( more or less ) .... Philippians 3 . Got in a 6 mile run , and got a haircut . Who could ask for more ? 
Nice Day Today ! Mowed the parsonage yard .... they're saying lot's of snow tonight and rain next week ! Crazy weather ! Men's breakfast at MCUMC in the morning . Come if your not snowed in ! 
We had a good turnout for our men's breakfast even though the snow was coming down . OK white stuff , you can stop anytime now ! 
Just wait til next year . 
Worship services have been canceled for Mound City and Blue Mound United Methodist Churches . Stay Home .... Stay Safe ! 
is headed to < PROPMALE > later today with the Blue Mound UMC Abide team ! 
is looking forward to Good Friday Tenebrae service at MCUMC as we mourn the death of Christ and Easter Sunrise service at BMUMC as we celebrate the Resurrection ! 
He is risen ! He is risen indeed ! Great services today ! Praise God ! 
G'night facebook land . Sleep tight ! 
\This is the day that the Lord has made ; let us rejoice and be glad in it . \"" 
It was a beautiful weekend in SE Kansas ! It went by really fast ! I hope everyone has a great week ! Blessings ! 
I got to do two of some of my favorite things today .... went for a run and went fishin'! 
is in Abilene tonight with < PROPFIRST > . Final Abide meeting tomorrow ( I think ) . 
finally made it home and unpacked . Big day tomorrow ! 
Who will the Chiefs take with their 2nd pick ? Will Clausen still be there ? 
got to spend his lunch hour with Rylee Beckmon and her 2nd grade friends at school in Mound City ! It was Rylee's birthday and she invited me as her guest ! We had a blast ! And the food was good , too ! 
has been in the yard and working in the garden . Brrrrr , is winter coming back ? 
To all my friends out there who are moms , Happy Mother's Day ! 
One of my all time favorite quotes : \It is never too late to be what you might have been\ " ( < PROPFIRST > Eliot ) . " 
\You miss 100% of the shots you don't take . \ " < PROPMALE > Gretsky " 
heard some great singing and playing at Jayhawk < PROPFEMALE > Baccalaureate this evening ! Super job < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ! 
To all those who fought and died for the freedom I have , my sincere and heartfelt THANKS ! 
has been at Kansas East Annual Conference the last few days . Great worship and fellowship ! 
Hey ! What's going on ? It hasn't been raining today ! Maybe I can get some mowing done . 
Dad , you've been gone for six years now . Save a spot for me in heaven ! Missing you . 
had a great time with my family on Fathers Day . Grillin ' , fishin ' and hanging out . I am truly blessed ! 
\Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt . \ " \ 
a hot cup of freshly ground and brewed 8'oclock coffee , a 7 mile run under my belt , and a day of sermon writing ahead of me . Can it get any better than that ? I think NOT ! ( sermon text over Galatians 5:1 , 13-25 ) . 
is watching American Pickers .... they're at Ft . < PROPFIRST > ! I'm ready to head for KC tomorrow ! 
Good night Facebook . It's time to go to bed ! 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . I have been enjoying it very much . We have < PROPMALE > Meckley for NT and < PROPFEMALE > Yokum for Missions . Good teachers , but as always , learning a lot from the other pastors ! 
Right now in the middle of a 2 wk stint in KC .... school , so haven't put much thought to marathoning right now . I will get going again when I get home . That's how I did it last summer , also . 
Only 3 more days of classes in KC . The countdown is ON ! 
I have enjoyed my time at Saint < PROPFIRST > very much , learned a lot , made new connections , deepened friendships , and just had a good time .... but now I'm ready to head for home ! 
is back in the saddle again ! 
is looking forward to the Mound City UMC Bike Run tomorrow ! We willl have the blessing of the bikes , the bike run , drawing , auction and grillin'! Starts at 1:00 .... come and enjoy ! 
A wonderful day of worship .... nice turnout at the churches ! We are blessed . 
Ride Along tonight .... Cool ! 
Ride along with AJ Friday night , Saturday golfing with my sons , Saturday evening surprise summer birthdays with family , and now looking forward to worship with church families ! :) 
said good-bye to an old friend today . 
Supposed to be another 100 degree plus day today . At least we should have a cool down this weekend ! Low 90s . 
My sisters , my brother , and I lost our mother today . She was a sweet and kind lady who never had a bad word for anyone . She lived a wonderful life and she is now at home with her Lord . 
is finding we see family too seldom and for the wrong reasons . 
is still excited that he was able to baptize six people this past Sunday at Blue Mound UMC ! 
spent a couple days in Branson with his wife .... had a good time ! 
had fun picking his fantasy football team this evening ! 
got to help feed the Baptists today ! 
It's a beautiful day in SE Kansas ! 
G'nite FB Land ! 
GO OHIO STATE ! 
it's good to have my fam surrounding me .... what a blessing ! 
Is it too early to start getting excited ? At the half : Chiefs 21-Chargers 7 ! 
Whew ! What a day ! Two super services , dinner after church at Blue Mound after a great performance by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > O'Neal < PROPMALE > , and then picnic this evening at Mound City on our North Lots ! Oh Yeah , Chiefs won ! 2-0 ! 
It's been a long time coming ! Chiefs 3-0 ! \ 
We were blessed with wonderful services today ! 
went with his wonderful wife to the Kinkaid Fair this evening . 
had a great day at Kansas Speedway ! 
After today I'm about meetinged out ! 
< PROPFEMALE > in there ! It will get better ! 
had a great day at COR's Leadership Institute ! Looking forward to tomorrow ! 
is back in Mound City . Arts and Crafts Festival tomorrow ! 
is happy he was too busy to watch the Chiefs today ! 
is glad church conference is over . I appreciate the hard work of everyone who helped out . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for leading it . 
had lunch with a good friend and colleague , and will have dinner with more good friends and colleagues ! 
garage sale out of the way .... Samantha's b'day party coming up ! 
is headed for Ottawa tomorrow for Fab 5 . Hope to see some of you there ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I ate at Ermilio's in Eureka Springs tonight . M-m-m-m-m good ! The little spooks were out tonight ! 
Thanks to all those men and women who have served their nation , as members of the military , on this Veteran's Day ! God Bless You ! 
Go Chiefs ! You're only down 35-0 ! 
Chiefs score ! 
49-29 Broncos wasn't exactly what I was lookin ' for ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my FaceBook friends ! 
had a great Thanksgiving weekend . Enjoying the start of the season of Advent ! 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The \ 
goal is not to see a human face on facebook until Monday , December 6th . \ 
Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste this to your status 
It started off as a cold day .... 16 degrees this morning . Had great worship today ! Chiefs don't look like they're doing too well , though . Down 21-0 at the half . Hope Cassel is ready to come back next week ! 
We're having our Peterson family Christmas this evening ! Our family has so many things going on through Christmas that this is the only time we can all get together . Looking forward to seeing everyone ! 
Mound City and Blue Mound UMCs took the youth of our churches to nursing homes in Prescott and Pleasanton today sing to them and visit with them . They did a great job ! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! Wouldn't have gotten all these without FB ! How cool is that ?! 
I'm taking < PROPFIRST > out to eat this evening for her birthday ... think we'll go to Long < PROPFIRST > Silvers , uh , better make that Red Lobster in Joplin ! 
went out to eat dinner tonight and at the table behind us was a little monster whining and crying and generally ruining my meal . < PROPFIRST > said it wasn't that bad . I would say justice was served though . Now I know why old people gave < PROPFIRST > and me nasty looks years ago when we took our little kids to a restaraunt . I must be really getting old ! 
We were blessed with a wonderful Christmas < PROPFEMALE > service this evening . So much better than last year when Mother Nature stepped in and handed us a blizzard ! Thanking God for the gift of the Son . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my FB friends ! May your day be blessed and your stockings be full ! 
Go KC Chiefs .... Nice Win Today ! 
took the last of my vaca today and went to hear < PROPFEMALE > Meyer at St. < PROPFIRST>'s UMC in Ft < PROPFIRST > . Very good message .... got me ready for 2011 ! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > West covering for me at MCUMC and < PROPFEMALE > Beckmon at BMUMC . I always know my congregations are in good hands when I am not there ! 
Yes ! KC Chiefs are the AFC West Champs ! Here come the playoffs ! 
attended leadership workshop at < PROPFIRST > 1st West Campus today . Awesome ! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Ackerman , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and of course .... Marve'! 
It has been a good Sunday ! Good worship this morning ! A cold day , waiting on the snow . Chiefs showed they weren't ready to play with the Big Boys ! Maybe next year . 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! 
What were you doing at 1:11 on 1/11/11 ? 
Looks like the Jets are gonna beat the Patriots . I was rooting for anyone that plays the Pats , but I dislike the Jets almost as much ! Go Steelers ! 
Let's make it a Packers-Steelers Super Bowl ! Half-way there . The Pack is Back ! 
ready for the BIG SNOW ! 
Thanks to the help of a good neighbor and hours of shoveling , my driveway is now passable . Temperatures to reach record lows tonight . Stay in and stay warm ! 
OK , Botched National Anthem is over ! Terrible Half-time Show is over ! Cool Super Bowl Commercials are over ! Actually a pretty good football game is over ! It'almost time for Baseball ! Is it OK to say Go Royals ??! 
Congrats to K-State and < PROPMALE > Pullen ! They took it to KU tonight .... But KU will be back ! 
praying God will bless our services today and that the Holy Spirit will be among us . 
Spring can't get here fast enough ! 
It's so much fun bringing a referee's whistle to church ! 
Good job K-State ! Way to take out the Longhorns ! 
It is Ash Wednesday and we will have our service this evening , as has become our custom , at Blue Mound UMC at 6:30 pm . All are welcome ! It is the beginning of the season of Lent and for me a time to reinvigorate my life of prayer and a time of fasting , as I celebrate my faith , remember why I am a Christian , and lift up Christ who suffered and died for me ( us ) . 
The Bible says , \Use your whole body as a tool to do what is right for the < PROPFEMALE > of God . \"" 
Woo Hoo ! Back to Daylight Saving Time ! Now , just leave it alone ! 
How many are doing Walk Kansas ? It got me out early this morning for my jog ! I got to see the sun rise over Mound City and I realized how blessed I am . So many out there are struggling and hurting . Thoughts and prayers for the people of Japan this morning . 
If you have received a post of a bikinied behind from me , do not open it . I received it from a friend and now it won't go away . It says I clicked \like\ " on it and I did not . Sorry for any discomfort this causes anyone . Hope you haven't opened it . I certainly do not condone it . " 
Jayhawks and Buckeyes are looking really GOOD ! 
I'll be off fb for awhile . See ya when I get back . 
