is wondering if the Redskins are allergic to the football ? WTF 

Urr umm , thanks God for sending me many lessons , I get it for now ! 
Darn it ! I forgot why I logged on to FB . 
Darn it , I forgot why I logged on to FB !!! 
Bring on the HeatWave ! 
So I was in the store today and a mother and 2 children were walking in the aisles . The two children are no older than 5 and maybe 3 . The mother says \don't touch anything or else . \ " Meanwhile the children are singing \ " Birthday Sex . \ " Please help me understand . " 
I'm doing community service on saturday 8.29 and on Wednesday 9.2 for my birthday . I will be working with youth . Let me know if you want to join in and give back . 
is doing community service on saturday 8.29 and on Wednesday 9.2 for my birthday . I will be working with youth . Let me know if you want to join in and give back . 
is sad because my Grandmother passed on Friday and the funeral is on Wednesday and YES that's my birthday . However , I am grateful that God has blessed me with a good support system and I know He has my back and has a plan for my life . I also know that God will give me strength to get through my trials CUZ I really need it ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes and condolences . It was an extremely challenging day but I made it . As I looked at my fb < PROPFEMALE > today you all made me smile . I am joyous to know that you have my back and so does God . So thanks again and keep in touch . 
know that now is the time to make my yearly goals and the time is now for me to take action and make great strides . Stay tuned for my goals and continue to pray for me and our country . 
' s 2009 - 2010 goals ( abbreviated list ): 1 . Live on Purpose 2 . Step up to Responsibility 3 . Participate in Local Missions Trip 4 . Launch Personal Youth Project 5 . Birthday trip 2010 to < PROPFIRST > . I do a personal check in in January , check on me then . What are your goals ? 
I don't know which is WORSE ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s \I can do bad ... \ " or the Redskins losing to the ( 0-19 ) Lions who never won a superbowl ever ? * SMH * I should have saw < PROPFIRST > Moore's \ " Capitalism .... \ " Don't ever ask me if I am a Redskins fan again ever ... & Don't talk to me about Madea and \ " Black Stereotypes\ " UGHHHHH !!! " 
< PROPFIRST > Osteen talked about how pruning brings blooming . He spoke about how God allows things to burn in your life so you can burn off your limitations and shackles . So that must mean God has something really BIG planned for me and I'm ready !!! 
Why is it 50 degree outside . Someone do something !! 
uggh < PROPFEMALE > , why didn't u take me with u . Oh and I'm in MD not the dread cool NY or NJ 
Ooh so cold and have to coach in 3 hours . I am bundling up and putting on my arnica oil , hat , gloves , leggings and .... what else do I need ? 
So besides it being cold as all get out today ( well not that cold ) but God is testing my limitations today . I see where He is trying to take me , not so comfortable now < PROPFEMALE > :( NOPE ! Well FB fam pray that I stay sane while God is preparing me and taking me through this wilderness and pruning experience . 
It's a new day ya'll . I am Inspired , I Believe and I am expecting greatness ! Bring it on !!! I am Ready ! 
I wish I coud get $600K for my ideas ... like on Shark Tank*sigh * One day ... One Day 
I have this great idea to help < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s County Public Schools but I need sponsors , funding and/or a < PROPMALE > . Help !!!! 
is welcoming her transition week . Making plans , setting goals and doing my best . 
made it thru transition week & I am coming out of darkness , out of the wildnerness & into the light . My metamorphisis is happening now , I am still wrestling , still struggling but mine eyes are set on the < PROPFEMALE > of the Lord . When you see me put on ur sunglasses cuz my light is the representation of my elevation & my destination so watch out now . Still pray for me as my steps are ordered and I want to get there safely ! 
says this is let's \Brag on Jesus\ " week ... So tell me why you love Jesus . I love Jesus because He's kept me in the midst of it all and He has a plan for me . I am ready and waiting for my next move . " 
says this is let's \Brag on Jesus\ " week ... So tell me why you love Jesus . I love Jesus because He perfects me through my weaknesses and my pain is preparation for my < PROPFEMALE >!" 
was suddenly in flight 4- 1.2.3 . sec/I grabd my girls shoulder or wouldve been LAID OUT/afta openg eyes & landg on floor/I thought I bumpd in2 wall or faintd or ? /den I saw \Mo'Nique\ " lookg chic profusely apologizg dat she bumpd in2 me & askg if I was ok/was almost conscious & didnt answer or cant member/think \ " Mo'nique\ " ran in2 me on purpose/Im rememberg her tellg me 2 eat & sayg somethg bout skinny b's/da drama " 
is wishing all my friends and family a Happy Thanksgiving . In honor of Thanksgiving , I want to give a big shout out to my friend Tarnisha \Ebony\ " Hemphill . I've known her for about 15 years . She has been my voice of reason and cheerleader especially for the last year . I really appreciate and love her and I am glad to have a friend like her .... Stay tuned for the next Tday friend tribute .... " 
is grateful 4 my life experiences-good & bad . I am grateful that God choose me 2 be His child . In honor of Thanksgiving , I want 2 shout out my friend < PROPFEMALE > Traylor . I've known her for about 6 years . She has been my ear 2 listen & my accountability friend . We have gone thru similar struggles & I am glad that she understands me when others sometimes don't . I appreciate & love her & I am glad 2 have a friend like her . 
is grateful 4 my brother < PROPFIRST > Detry . In honor of Thanksgiving , I want 2 give him a shout out . He is a great man & role model . We have been through joyous times and family/sibling squabbles . He has been a shoulder to cry on , my close friend and he fulfilled his brotherly duties . We made it through the streets of Brooklyn and I am grateful for him , I appreciate & love him & I am glad he's my brother and my friend . 
is grateful 4 my dad , mother and stepmother . In honor of Thanksgiving , I want 2 give them a shout out . My life has been multifacted and they have shaped me to become the woman I am and I am still growing & learning . I thank God for them and I am still guided by them and I appreciate & love them . Thanks p-team 
thinks that is time to unleash MY WORST MOVIES LIST .... in no specific order & don't get mad if some of these movies are your fav 1)people under the stairs 2)phone booth 3)sideways 4)30 < PROPMALE > 5)lost in translation 6)assualt on precint 13 7)weekend@ bernies 8)crank 9)johnsons family dinner 10)baby boy 
is glad that I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my friends . I had a great time , thanks for helping me enjoy myself immensely . I am excited that I got to meet < PROPMALE > Portis and the other random football dudes , I am a huge sports fan so it made my week :) 
is thinking that is great to have the love of friends and family . Some people are especially nice and comforting and I am grateful for you . 
is thinking that I am ready for 2010 but still cherishing the days left in 09 . Let the games begin and I am ready ! 
is glad I got to sleep in and relax but I don't understand why people went walking , or to the mall or driving . Just be at peace and stay @ home , dang it !! More of the same for me tomorrow , WOO HOO !!! 
is wondering if I can change the world with 22\ of snow and half the county closed .... hmmm " 
My weekly monday night debate until playoffs , For the Love of < PROPFIRST > J or football ??? 
is bummed that I can't go running , there is too much snow and ice , this really sucks . I liked the snow at first , but work was closed and now I cant run , this is for the birds .... C 
is hoping that I get these grants and funding I am applying for . FB fam , please pray for me for much blessings , abundance , grace , mercy , favor and exceeding prosperity ... I really need it !!! 
just wrote 20 things that I want to get rid of from 2009 and will pray over them and let them go by burining the piece of paper . I plan to let this negative stuff go so I can be new and fresh for 2010 . I am ready for my increase !!! Anyone want to join me ? 
I feel like a caterpillar in a cocoon , next the reveal and then I - a powerful transformational butterfly who can fly as high as an eagle 
needed a miracle 2happen 2day . Prayed 4 a miracle all last wk . Did my part & let go . 2day God gave me a miracle & pulld me out of an impossible situation . All that was left was God & He came thru . Man I screamed at the top of my lungs & thanked God 4 His grace , mercy , provision , will & exceeding abundance . Meanwhile people in the cars next to me were thinkg I'm crazy . Jesus is the 1 . So what R U gonna ask God for ? 
is on my way to be a World Class Christian ..... 
is wondering what wonderful things will happen to me this week ... waiting ... waiting ... waiting ... 
is hoping for the best and my breakthrough moment . I'll let you know when it happens . 
is reading scriptures every night to help me with my purpose driven life . I am also thinking about what I am gonna do for the 40 days from Ash Wednesday to Easter . My breakthrough days are ahead and I am getting ready for the harvest and vast abundance . 
is finding out that rejection is just redirection .... 
is thinking that this is payback for all the days from grade school , high school , college and working when I prayed for snow to cancel classess , school , work , etc ... Now I know God answers prayers but why was it all in a 2 week period . Dang it !!!! 
is wondering how I can manage to get by Sunday without really thinking about it ... not because I am upset , sad , happy , mad , joyous , etc ... but because I love myself and God loves me .... and that's enough 
is wondering if we really need more snow tomorrow ????? 5 inches , son ??? WTH 
heard that \It has been said that we live in a world that knows the cost of everything but the value of nothing . \ " The effectiveness of a believer is directly proportional to that believers values - so \ " Set your mind on things above not on things on the earth\ " ( Col 3:2 ) " 
' s cellphone is down for 2 hours so my number isn't working . This sucks . I can't make calls or get messages , WTH !!! 
thinks this is crazy , schools are closed tomorrow , I am going to show up to someone else's job and work , ughhhh ! 
can't wait until March 14 when we get more sunlight , thanks President Bush , it's the one thing you did do right my moving up the dst date :) 
Happy March ! This is a time of reflection & action . I realized that Life is not about success or failure , Its about being at ur weakest point & still having unsurmountable JOY , knowing ur VALUE & being the BEST person that u can be each & every 2nd . I learned that God's grace is sufficient for me & His strength is made perfect in my weakness . As < PROPFIRST > stated when I am weak , then I am strong . 
Pray for me . I know what God has for me is for me . Pray that I get strength in the waiting . This week is going be warm , < PROPFEMALE > , joyous and life-changing . Thanks God for the things you've already done !!! ( which is everything ) 
knows that you have to set an example of how you treat yourself so other people can follow . Respect , Care , Love , and Honour . That's the level I am at and I expect family , friends , sorors , colleagues , and acquaintances to follow . Let today and everyday meet your expectations !!! 
says that life is a series of tests , trails and trusts . I want to make sure from now on that I succeed . My epiphany last week is that I am being moved forward in my life because its time to heal , recover and exceed abundantly . I have got to stand up , do something yet maintain balance so I and those around me can be the best we can be !!! 
realizes that some things weren't meant to be and I am okay with it . I just wish I would know it ahead of time*sigh * I just have to let it be and wait for my turn and my opportunities . I will just use this time to get myself ready . :) 
knows that His love made me whole , He paid my ransome , I never would have made it but now I am free !!! Happy Resurrection Weekend !!! 
is wondering how I am gonna put the things that have been going on last week and the things that I have to do this week into words . I just have to say watch out now and let the transformation begin . OOOHHH I can't wait ..... I feel like I have been resurrected , which of course is a great thing .. Stay tuned !! 
knows that life makes its unexpected turns for unexpected reasons and now I am gonna expect the greatness , the awesome and unexpected !!!! 
the greatness is coming !!!! 
has activated Operation Purpose !!! 
is grateful that God is with me in the fire . 
needs a publicist , agent and personal assistant , no really .... 
Keeping in line w/Operation Purpose-I need a millionaire 2 provide $100K 2 support my nonprofit YouthPowerment that helps youth & their families , help me continue the great work I do & channel my purpose driven life . My team & I will do the work . It will help u create a positive image 4 yourself , make a difference & support the work of a dynamic woman . 
says that I had a fancy quote to say , even had a joke , then I was gonna say something uplifting , or its so < PROPFEMALE > and the weather is great or to God be the < PROPFEMALE > but NOOOOO ... I am just sayin , Hello !!!! 
It's < PROPFEMALE > , It's Raining , It's a T-storm , Oh it's < PROPFEMALE > again . \ 
\ 
Someone told me today that I give people a Cadillac but they only want a Hyundai . That's not good for me . Ohhh , what to do now ???? 
It must be hurricane season cuz I am in the eye of the storm . Thanks for the prayers , well wishes and checking on me , I will hold my \hat\ " and keep the faith " 
To make something special , you have to believe it's special . From Kung Fu Panda , yea I work with kids .... 
I had a great weekend , a trip to NY , Alumni Track Meet , Family , old Friends , White Castles , a tour of the fulton street area , hot dogs with mustard & sauerkraut , running on Brighton Beach , Reggae music , and my niece waking me up @ 8am with her report card and all the pictures she < PROPFIRST > from the school year , oh & dinner at Famous Daves -does it really get any better ? 
went out side to get something from my car and realized I had sweat pouring out from everywhere . I was only out there for about 5 minutes . I don't usually sweat so it was a shocker since I was only walking and sitting . Then when I got inside I realized it was 100+ degrees , no wonder . 
is going on a Missions trip to New Orleans on Saturday . Please keep me and the 50 member mission team in your prayers . We will be building houses and spreading the great news about Jesus !! 
I am back from my Mission Trip in New Orleans and I had a blessed time . We were able to help more people than I could ever imagine and I am going to incorporate at least 1 trip a year to helping people and possibly everytime I go on vacation , I will help out somewhere for a few hours . Check out my pics and post your questions or comments .... 
loves the weather and will go to the Harbor to run near the water after 7pm of course . Anyone interested in going ? Cricket , cricket ... that was really a joke , lol 
ok , I'm about to go running again , it actually feels nice outside 
so I went to Burke Lake to run 4.7 < PROPMALE > and it was pretty cool , I don't sweat much but today I did , I kept thinking bugs were on my so I spent most of my run trying to get the invisible spiderwebs and bugs off me . Dang I hate sweat ... or should I hate the heat ???? 
What a wonderful 3 weeks I had . I am finally settled in from New Orleans , back to the daily grind and making my life and those I reach better . ;) 
Stay tuned for updated pics on the MLAW < PROPFEMALE > and I have a big announcement to make -- a sort of Press Conference . I had one in New Orleans but figured I am due for another .... I hope you all can wait , it'll only be 5 minutes and not an hour like LeBron ... The time , location , and date are TBA 
I am on God's highway , the \Way of Holiness \"- The Joy of the Redeemed ( < PROPMALE > 35 ) . I am not perfect but made perfect in my weakness through Jesus Christ ( 2 Cor 12:9 ) . He is with me as I go and Go I Shall !! " 
Can you maintain your committment to God despite severe trials ? 
Another great day , 1st the NUL - Youth Luncheon 100 @ 100 , then the dc black theatre festival - homineva , on my way home I was kinda tired blasting < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and I saw a minivan in the parking lot of the strip joint , come on son !! < PROPMALE > problemo , and i know u guys , ya'll say - thats why I have a second car . 
This it ! u can't mess w/my mind anymore , This is it !! I am smarter , see I've been here be4 , This is it ! It's a new day , I'm not afraid anymore , This is it ! Yes I believe , if u believe , help me say ... \ 
All ur stuff from your past , shake it off y'all , They said u wouldn't last , but u is y'all , Want ur dreams back ? Let's get it , ur peace of mind back ? Let's get it !! Want ur family back ? Let's get it ! Are u ready ? Let's get it ! 
I made brown rice all natural and organic lasanga for dinner , it was groovy but I forgot to take a picture and no I haven't eaten it all already . 
I don't look like what I have been through . Praise Jesus !!! 
Do everything without complaining and arguing so that you may become blameless and pure ...., in which you \Shine like Stars\ " in the universe . < PROPMALE > 2 : 14 -16 " 
Do you shine underwater as tempers grow short and at the end of a stressful day ? Or even with changes and under pressure ? Shine like the < PROPFEMALE > you are regardless of the day's harrassments so that people can see that you are genuinely and uniquely different !!! 
What is your spirit animal ? -- My Result : Tiger . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/488840/referrals/status?aid=5743909 
is thankful ... 
Give to the world the best you have , and the best will come back to you . 
If you are a poet and have any poems on gangs , send me a messge ... 
We are not responsible for our pain , but we are responsible for our healing . 
Friends are hard to find , harder to keep , and impossible to forget . 
Reflecting on how awesome God is and that His plan is already done , I am just working , waiting , faithing , and praying . 
One piece of good news so far , yeppie .... more to come I can feel it ... 
I read Psalm 37 : 1- 11 last nite and it helped me to put lots of things in perspective . Thanks Soror for suggesting it . ;) 
Ok FB , I had 3 things come to fruition since Monday . I am waiting on one more and 2 projects . I am more than on my way but please continue to pray for me . I think I'll read Psalm 37 again . This is a great prelude for my impending birthday . 
Best workout yesterday - intervals 15 , 30 , 60 secs four times in the drizzle , it was very humid , sauna for 10 minutes then 1 hour massage . I feel pretty good now . Imma < PROPFEMALE > out with my mom in < PROPFEMALE > , go to the < PROPFEMALE > Meyer Conference , attend a friends # < PROPFEMALE > Hutchinson# cookout on Saturday then run on Coney Island Beach on Sunday . Don't hate on my just celebrate ;) 
Ohhhh , I had a unexpected surpise . I will let you all know on Monday ..... It's great news . 
You are never free until you have nobody to impress and nothing to prove !!! 
When relationships get difficult and people get on your nerves , just stop pray and walk away . Yea but it's the hardest thing to do but it's worth it . 
my health has gotten better & things have been changing 4 the better . I have been focusing & on my grind . In addition I have been reading the bible more , praying more & talking to God about my choices and decisions before I make them & as a result things have been great , now I am wondering y I haven't done this before ... Life is Good ! 
so I am currently working at Oxon Hill High School as a Long Term Special Education teacher . I started Monday , it is great and I bet I will enjoy the journey . 
A man who has friends must himself be friendly . Proverbs 18:24 - just been thinking about life and when people say they don't have something or if someone else isn't nice or whatever characteristic they are complaining about and I think well you are the nicest pen in the draw ... interesting ... 
It's been a great week but somewhere in there I thought Tuesday was Thursday , Wednesday was Tuesday , Whew ! The only thing I know for sure next week Thursday is my Birthday . 
Don't go away summer , noooooo ..... 
Finally at a point in my life where I am putting myself first then taking care of others . It feels so much better mentally . What was I thinking ? I couldn't keep running on ' E ' and giving myself crumbs . Whew , I am so glad I got some sense now !!! 
Today was a rough day , I had minor difficulties & some disappointments . At 1 pt in when 1 of my students was climbg the wall , playg w/air conditioner , etc . & not doing work , I just laughed . Despite the things that happened that were utterly frustrating & the ongoing life issues , be4 the meltdown that never happened - I took out a piece of paper wrote down all I thought I had 2do & went through my list & calmed down . 
Today is one of my favorite days of the year , I am going to celebrate it with much JOY . I want to thank my parents , siblings , friends , acquanitance , & people who don't like me for all the love , support , time , and energy that you have fed into my life . It has made me the person I am and I am grateful for every single minute I have been alive . I am going to enjoy my day at work , hanging out & the beautiful weather . 
I had a great bday , a student gave me all the change in his pocket as my bday gift ( ya I took it don't want to block his or my blessings ) . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > & Tarnisha for club hoping - 4 clubs and letting me only drink water cuz I don't drink . Disregard the picture that will be posted later . I had one of the best bdays ever .... ;) 
I voted yesterday !!! 
After reflecting on my life after my birthday and seeing that I need more support in my blessings and receiving my rewards and crown of life ... I joined Fort Foote Baptist Church today . Life is great !!!! Can't wait for my next steps .... One step is going on the Women's Retreat to < PROPFEMALE > Beach in October & I am on my way .... 
Question of the day : Would you prefer $ 100,000 today or $1 million at an undefined time but within the year ? 
I don't do drugs , I don't smoke , I don't drink alcohol , I don't take medicine , I don't gamble , I eat 70-80% natural and organic foods , I love Jesus - He's my BFF , & I have a relationship with my Lord & Savior --- \ 
I'm Fancy , huh !! 
It's Thankful Thursday and I am being prayful about my impending blessings , breakthroughs and exceeding abundance . I am gonna read 3 scriptures and concentrate on them from 7am - 8pm , then stay focused . Join in if you want and let's get better 2 together ... 
Yea , I am starting stuff on Fb ... Anyone can have sex , but can you develop an intimate relationship with someone ????? 
Would you rather have no one or the wrong person in your life ? 
Everytime you lie to me , you lie to yourself . 
This season will be the fight of my life . I am at a point where my new self is wrestling wth my old self . I am fighting my negative memories , all the things that happened to me , all my injuries and ailments , & all of my sorrows . My goal is to keep waiting , keep fighting , keep struggling til I get to my SHOUT !! 
I am claiming it ... Three months to a healthier life , freedom from the things that block my shine , and cheers to being the new improved < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Whoa < PROPFEMALE > ! Getting geared up for Thankful Thursday's doing a < PROPMALE > Fast . I really need to make some bigger strides to get where I am going . 
Greatness comes when you win in the face of opposition ! 
Friday+TimeAway+Sun+Relax+Beach+Running+Friends = Priceless 
After paying for my order , I noticed a man in wheelchair fumbling for his money . I was inspired to pay for his items . He said he had money but I already paid . The person that was pushing his wheelchair stated his wife just died . He was about 80 - 90 yo . I gave him a hug and felt really honored to have met him . I am not sure why this happened but I will one day . 
Listen to people when they tell you who they are . ( by their words and actions ) 
The truth is not always popular , but it's always right ..... 
At Women's Retreat , they asked \Who are you ? \ " - It helps to know who you are to determine where you are going and how you are going to get there . " 
If you are trying to reach me , I don't have my phone , one of my great students stole it on friday then dumped it somewhere in the school , all right before I went away to a conference in < PROPFEMALE > 
Blah , blah , blah .... 
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere 
Goodbye week , It was nice to know you , hello sleep !!! 
While you Scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly\ 
in her ear . While you humiliate , offend and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt your woman , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make your woman cry , there's a man stealing her smiles . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence !!! 
Asking the right questions is a smarter strategy than showing up with all the answers . 
Position Yourself for Victory - Prepare , Ask , Wait & Expect !!! 
Fail , but don't be a failure ! 
I better see more than 1000 people at my polling site . Please let at least 50% of all precinents show up . It'll be a sad day if you don't go out and vote . Do your part so the people in office can do theirs .... Hold them accountable to for their promises . 
Don't let your condition change your position !!! 
Whew ! It's already done , just waiting for my blessings to get here . 
is there a basketball game @ fedex field , I see 59 points on the scoreboard ??? I'm jus sayin 
Faith is a powerful magnet , one that draws itself to the most incredible blessings !!! 
Plan , check ! People , check ! Ideas , check ! Passion , check ! Hope , check !, Faith , Check ! Prayed up , check !!! \ 
I'm Ready !!!! 
I give myself away , so you can use me . < PROPFIRST > McDowell\ 
Enjoy your Thanksgiving . 
It's nothing like following your path , your < PROPFEMALE > and living in the will of God . 
My co-worker said she was really tired and that she needed to find a MAN to replace her par t-t ime job . That was really funny to me . Not in a good or bad way , just plain ole funny .... 
My co-worker said she was really tired and that she needed to find a MAN to replace her par t-t ime job . That was really funny to me . Not in a good or bad way , just plain ole funny .... 
\Man surrounds himself with the true image of himself \"" 
The train is coming and it's out with the old in with the new . Many changes in store , clear the tracks , prepare a table , be free and wait for the blessings . \ 
I think I hear it , choo choo !!! 
The NAACP is hosting an Issues Forum on the State of the Education in < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s County and we would like you to attend . This roundtable discussion will take place on Thursday , December 16 @ 7pm at The First Baptist of Highland Park @ 6801 Sheriff Road , Landover , MD 20785 
Truth is from the inside out . < PROPFEMALE > Hill 
I am going to make these next steps the biggest ones yet so I can be so much closer to my < PROPFEMALE > , my purpose and my crown of life and so much further away from struggle , pain , hurt and dismay . 
It's nothing like listening to what your body tells you to do . If it's get up and go or stay in bed or go exercise ... It works wonders on your psyche and mindset and keeps you healthy , stable and your life in order . ( Regardless of your circumstances ) 
Dogs don't bark at parked cars . \ 
I heard this on a tv show and thought it was intriguing . 
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) - < PROPMALE > George’s County Branch will host an Issues Forum on the State of Education in < PROPMALE > George’s County on December 16 , 2010 at 7pm at The First Baptist Church of Highland Park , 6801 Sheriff Road , Landover , MD 20785 . 
What snow ??? 
Some people prefer deception . 
Love yourself fearlessly .... 
Phase 1 complete , in the midst of phase 2 . Getting it done :) 
It's been a great ride gang and my new journey has already began . Thank you for being patient with me and loving me unconditionally . I am looking forward to a great career in Education , great friends and family and a New Healthy me . And so it is ..... 
Hebrews 4:16 ( New International Version , ©2010)\ 
16 Let us then approach God’s throne of grace with confidence , so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need . 
I am wondering how great my life can get , it's pretty great now and I am appreciating every day and every blessing that God has given me . I constantly think of this song ... 
Being still and doing nothing are very different things - Karate Kid 2010 
I think I am addicted to praying . Today was my wonderful wednesday where I pray every hour from 7am - 8pm and at one time , I was like oh I have to pray again and it was only 5 - 10 minutes after the hour . Is it bad to be addicting to praying ???? 
I have been inspired to believe in my < PROPFEMALE > and accept all that God have given me good and bad . I accept my success , my pain , my joys , my struggles , and now I am free to move around the world . I am claiming that in 2 weeks my life will have captured the essence of the Love of God and His will on my life . OOOOh , I am holding my hat and preparing for the journey . 
You betcha !!! 
Your passion , your purpose , and your vision all make your < PROPFEMALE > . It doesn't matter who is for you or aganist you . Nothing can stop God's plan .... 
One step away from Victory ! 
Another Wonderful Wednesday of fasting , prayer , no processed sugar , and no music or tv . I went to the gym - worked out , lifted , then sauna for 30 , & capped off with rice and peas , jerk chicken , and a salad with seseme < PROPFEMALE > dressing . What a Great Day !! oh and 50 degree weather and sun to boot . I love my New Life !!! 
One more GIANT step tp VICTORY !!! 
Hard work does pay off ;) 
God is the strength in my weakness , He will get the victory and the battle is His . Love is all we need 
Here we go ! Up , Up and Away ! It's on !!! 
When the pain is over , the JOY begins . 
When we Know better , we Do better . 
Preparing for my Wonderful Wednesday and first day of Lent . 
