? So we meet again . 

I watch a mosquito hawk half fly/half scramble up the wall . My first thought : Freaky spider having a seizure while dangling up and down on a web string . No it is just a crane fly . Then i think- i don't care what the thing's motives are , why do we disregard how nasty they are ? We freak out over spiders and mosquitos , but never them . That thing is a freaking Daddy Long Legs that can fly ! Scream people , SCREAM ! 
is getting bitten by mosquitos . Inside ! Because his house is apparently a mosquito breeding ground . 
views facebook chat , as horribly dehumanizing as it is , as a television ... you know when you get nestled in your seat with a leg tucked under yourslef like the swivel chair is your pedestal and you turn on the \T . V . \ " and your hopes deflate ; \ " Aaaaaaaa there's nothing good on tonight \"" 
just needed a new status . 
Start w/ ALL FRIENDS - PPL YOUVE NEVER SPOKEN 2 & redistribute difference into parenthetical groups : ( PPL YOULL NEVER SPEAK 2 AGAIN)+(PPL YOU MAY SPEAK 2 AGAIN ) Subtract Group1 . Redistribute 2nd time : ( PPL YOU DONT CARE 2 SPEAK 2)+(PEOPLE YOU CARE 2 SPEAK 2 ) . Again , subtract Group1 . Divide difference by ( ONLINE ONLY FRIENDSHIP ) & then ( SCHOOL ONLY FRIENDSHIP ) Your answer should = REAL FRIENDS > 3 and/or REAL FRIENDS < 10 
... or not . 
hates it when a petty ordinary object that you see reminds you of something you did when you were a little kid and then you think about everything relating to that activity that has changed since then like the ppl you were with or maybe the place you were at is owned by someone else now or maybe just the absence of long carefree days where the worst thing in your day was a scrape or a popsicle stain . Sigh . 
can honestly say that things on his mind never consist of \direct lyrical quote from song . \"" 
for the record , i am not \just jealous . \ " Please consider an alternative defense mechanism . " 
Paprika can't go bad right ? Cause by looking at the labeling style of this little tin i have a strong feeling the deviled eggs i just made have a little 1970s flair to them . 
Just in case anyone was contemplating new food ideas , dipping thin mints in guacamole is definitely NOT one of them . 
So just because i'm born in November i'm a retarded earth-bender ? Lame ! 
When my phone vibrates to inform me that the battery is low , isn't it using MORE battery power to VIBRATE ????? 
My recent obsessive journey through Avatar The Last Airbender has drawn to a close . If you had asked me to watch 3 , twenty-episode seasons in a week i would have called you crazy . But alas , insanity has only taken six days to swallow me completely . Ah well , it was fun . Yip-yip ! 
Lady luck is definitely angry at me tonight . I could really go for an old school kool-aid right now . You know , the plastic bottles with the twisty tops . Oh yeeeeah . 
I need a seven day weekend . 
to shebalba ? 
Hello daddy , hello mom . ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-cherry bomb ! 
A WATERFALL .... just fell on my house . 
Hungry as a freaking moth in a retirement home . 
webbed gloves : they make your hands cool . 
I'M GOING TO PISS ON THE GRAVES OF YOUR ANCESTORS ! Bahahaha , name that movie . 
It scares me when i'm just about to wrap up a satisfying bowl of lucky charms , and i look down .... and the milk is gray . 
Oh my gosh . I mean i knew emperor's new groove was hilarious , but i haven't watched it in years . SO FUNNY . Anyway my children , back to youtube . I'm off ! 
THUNDER !!!! YES , FINALLY !! It has been too long since we last met . 
Doodle 4 Google ? why didn't i hear of this ??? 
Sweet < PROPFEMALE > , BUM BUM BUM ! 
Ah yes , now i remember why we shower . 
You know something's wrong when you are typing a word longer than 3 letters in Microsoft Word , and you keep expecting a suggested word to pop up . 
I can't sleep because all i can hear is my backyard neighbors outside with their overdue dinner party guests cackling their drunk faces off every time one of them makes a chewbacca noise . 
True or False : You've spent you're anniversary watching a world cup match . \ 
How LOYAL are you ? For real youtube ? commercials ? 
Whenever i detect a sample fragrance in a fresh batch of mail or within the crisp pages of a magazine , i tell myself to never become so obnoxious . 
WAY too many people these days need to go on a vacation and come back with a life . Capiche ? 
5 days chillaxing in Oahu has rid me of the minor jet-lag , and now im ready to conquer the morning flight to Kaua'i and spend a week hiking the entire jungle , Jurrassic Park style ! 
as < PROPFEMALE > Paulsen once said , I like college . 
Mission call and thunderstorm in one day ? Could it get any better ?? 
just had an adventure hunting down graphic design oddjobs on campus . Twas a fruitful endeavor ! 
Eeeeeeew , the clock in the library has a gliding second hand that melds all the seconds together . I wish my watch would tell it to start ticking and stop making me feel like i'm aging at the speed of light . 
M roomate just woke me up from yelling in his sleep . Bahahahaha . He said\AAAGHH ! BE PATIENT !!! \ " Back to sleep . goodnight . " 
is up late doing a collage for college , where we know the difference between spelling those words . 
Note to self : Tupperware of Cinnamon Life is just as good as a bowl of Cinnamon Life . Note to Self : Use measuring spoons for measuring , it's all they're good for . 
If you don't sing in the shower , then you hate life . 
People of the world , if you would like to be my friend on Facebook , your prerequisite is meeting me at least once . 
This is why i hate the photo memories sidebar : Oh gosh , why is that still on Facebook , someone needs to delete that ................. huh , why is ( acquaintance ) wearing a paper mache spacesuit ? * clicks album * 
Put this as your status if someone you knew was killed by Lord Voldemort . As everyone knows being killed by Avada Kedavra , having your soulsucked out by a dementor , or getting petrified by a basilisk is a truly tragic fate for anyone : muggle or wizard . 93% of people won't copy and paste this . Will you make this your status to ...... spread awareness of this growing threat ? 
< PROPFIRST > Kirkham is a robot . He will deny this . Don't believe him . 
The Hunger Games is amazing . That is all . 
I need me one of them inflatable travel size pillows to put in my backpack for visits to the library . You think people go there to study ? Obviously you've never been . 
it's sad when babies are ugly . It can only go downhill from there . 
\The extent of your pickiness with food is inversely proportional to how adventurous you are as a person \"" 
anyways whatever . 
Hahahaha if it wasn't for facebook i would have never known it was my birthday ! I guess there are more important things to think about in college . Like the < PROPMALE > potter premiere . 
life is a groovy thing . 
\Do you have any dreams ? \ " \ 
When you throw money at people , they think you're a < PROPMALE > man . When you throw credit cards at people , they think you're a crazy person . 
\There's nothing so tragic as seeing a family pulled apart by something as simple as a pack of wolves . \"" 
So basically i lost my mind , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > became drunk off low blood sugar , < PROPFIRST > C . Best got engaged to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Rider experienced the manicure debut of the century , < PROPFEMALE > Kern learned how dysfunctional an FHE family can be , < PROPFEMALE > Cook got over sickness just to be smack-talked to , I met and caged the little mermaid and some blobby girl was involved ... that whole part is a little fuzzy . 
“If you ever fall off the Sears Tower , just go real limp , because maybe you'll look like a dummy and people will try to catch you because , hey , free dummy . ” 
Just because baby girls are bald doesn't mean they are boys in dresses . People these days . 
I'm sorry < PROPMALE > , but i can't imagine your potions essays being dull compared to muggle homework . 
9 days . 9 DAYS ! 
Got my license , at the ripe age of nineteen . 
