Countin down the days to graduation ... Seems kind of sad that its almost over 

Only in michigan is it warm one day and snowing the next ! 
little late but happy kansas lost 
if only life were a little more simpler . back to the days when school wasnt so stupid 
I want to be the one you run to , the one who isn’t going to hurt you 
I want to tell you my head is filled with things to say when you're here all those words , they seem to slip away 
bring on the vols . go state !!! 
You'll be thinking of me , somehow I will know someday when I'm lonely , wishing you weren't so far away , then I will remember things we said today . 
GO STATE !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Spartans in the Final Four . GO BAYLOR !!!!!!! 
Marchin ' to Indy . Goin for another national title . Go Spartans !!!!!!!!! 
It matters not . Who you love ? Where you love ? Why you love ? When you love ? Or how you love ? It matters only that you love . 
I think about you night and day , I need you and it's true . When I think about you , I can say , I'm never , never , never , never blue . 
I intend to live forever . So far , so good . 
GO STATE !!!!!! in like 4 hours 
When I see you I just dont know what to say , I'd like to be with you every hour of the day , so if you want me , just like I need you , you know what to do . 
If the rain comes they run and hide their heads . They might as well be dead . If the rain comes , if the rain comes . 
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live . 
Love me while you can , before I'm a dead old man , a lifetime is so short , a new one can't be bought , but what you've got means such a lot to me 
All you need is love 
\What's the worst that can happen ? A tidal wave ? Glaciers with guns ? \"" 
If the sun refused to shine , I would still be loving you . When mountains crumble to the sea , there would still be you and me . 
is in love with hawaiian punch 
No guy is worth your tears & the ones who are won’t make you cry . 
One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't say . 
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning . 
In order to be someone , you must first be yourself . 
Behind every successful man is a surprised woman . 
You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are . 
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched , they must be felt with the heart . 
Love is not finding someone to live with . It is finding someone you can’t live without . 
You really know you love someone when all you want is for them to be happy , even if that means that you are not a part of it . 
Don't frown , because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile . 
thank u johan franzen , thanks wings at least we didnt get swept 
what a terrible day outside . hate michigan right now 
happy mothers day to all of the mothers in the world 
loves being a senior . 14 days left :) 
This is a smoke detector . \ 
Does that detect any type of smoke ? 
What is wrong with you ? Were you dropped on your head ? \ 
Yes , I was . And up until now , everyone had the good grace not to mention it . 
Hey , I'll go spy on them , I just gotta run home real quick and change into my ninja outfit . 
I see you got fat . \ 
I see you still look like a fifteen year old girl , but not hot . 
13 days :) 
If you love somebody , set them free . If they return , they were always yours . If they don't , they never were . 
Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it . 
10 days :) 
thinks only the good do die too young 
seniors 2010 !!!!!! 
6 days :)))) 
happy birthday pacman :)) 
wants a job !!!! 
5 days of high school left !!!! :) 
wonders whats with all the paragraph style \like\ " pages " 
Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk , my first instinct is to laugh . But then I think , what if I was an ant , and she fell on me . Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny . 
The road to success is always under construction . 
Everything is funny , as long as it's happening to somebody else . 
There's nothing more frightening then driving with a live goddamn cougar next to you . 
5 days of HHS left :) 
4 days ... well at least for seniors 
3 days of high school left 
hw with one day left . wtf 
1 day left !!!! 
Lieutenant < PROPFIRST > , I got you some ice cream . 
Class of 2010 !!! Haha 2011 & 2012 u got school tomorrow 
Lakers plz beat boston 
LAKERS !!!!!!!!!!! 
hates the weather of michigan :( 
< PROPMALE > izzo dont leave msu 
GO FLYERS !!!!! 
2010 still up while 2011 & 2012 asleep . Haha !! 
Are fireworks legal in Mexico ? \ 
Hell , everything's legal in Mexico . It's the \ 
American way . 
FUCK BOSTON !!! 
good first half for lakers . hope second half is the same 
yeah lakers onto game 7 
LAKERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
no longer unemployed 
job training early in the a.m. 
SPAIN !!! 
wow work was lasting a long time !!!!!! 
nite world 
I get the best feeling in the world when you say hi or smile at me , because I know that even for a second that I have crossed your mind 
wow !!! thunder how ive missed u so !! 
yes i do love working @ subway !! 
subway closes at 11 . out of work at 12 ..... wtf ? 
i still love workin @ subway !! 
new car ..... YES !!! 
out of work .... but nothin to do 
I sat next to God once on the bus . He told me the meaning of life and then he gave me a pretzel . \ 
So what's the meaning of life man ? \ 
Uhh yeah . I guess I should've written it down ... But it was a good pretzel man . 
out of work early ... YES !!!! 
sleepin in late on a day ... mission accomplished 
i LOVE gettin out of work @ 12 
workin sunday at least i got monday off 
you can take the children ... but you leave my monkey !! 
subway 1\ 
gas station 0 
work at 5 !!! cuz i love it 
yeah go boise state !!! 17-0 over va tech 
subway nightclub work at 5 
THE WEIRDEST DAY EVER !!!!!!!!!! 
WORK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!????!!!!! 
8:00 am class worst idea EVER !!!!!!! 
there are bees in here !!!!!! 
2 hours left !!!! 
go state !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
what a trick play MSU !!!! 
I LOVE CANADA !!! 
work at tj maxx tomorrow 
i wanna go home 
i think ill just fall asleep at work . jk < PROPFEMALE > 
wearin the visor !!!!! 
boring as fuck cuz no one is here 
well that was quite the nap 
how bout them spartans 
