apparently , we're supposed to have an \artic blast\ " coming in . which means snow for like a week straight . i hate snow . " 

It's weird to think of where you were years ago , then see how much your life has changed since then . You realize alot of change . 
even though the snow looks pretty , it's secretly evil . ihatesnow . obviously . 
Happy vday everyone . I love < PROPFIRST > :) 
glad to be home for the weekend ! 
i hate the colddd . * burrrr * scratch that . i REALLY hate the cold . 
Cant sleep . 
gettin ready to leave soon . gonna go < PROPFEMALE > with my boyfriend & some friends . 
i hate when i want something i cant have 
in class , jammin to lil < PROPMALE > . 
back from walmart . its pretty icky outside . blah 
ugh , im so bored . i neeeeed something to do . 
sittin at home , bored . waiting for something to happen . 
10 minutes on myspace , then 10 minutes on facebook . i repeat this cycle for hours on end . 
hmm , i want to party . beer pong sounds fun right now lol 
i might just delete my myspace and use facebook only . 
bored , might go to bed soon . 
dont you just hate it when people do things that they know pisses you off 
cant believe im still awake 
hopefully , my day goes as planned . 
im soooooooooo bored 
thinks its funny when people who dont like you , are just jealous of the things you have . 
im so worried , i cant think of anything else . 
not feeling well at all :( 
im convinced we're all on an unconscious mission to ' become a fan ' of everything . 
im lovin ' this weather . it can't get any better . 
Life would be so much less complicated if dogs could bathe themselves . 
Hey ugly foreign guys I dont know , stop trying to add me . THANKS ! 
I have the feeling I should be doing something . Sleep , perhaps ? Yes , Im sure thats what it is . 
With the way my sleep schedual is , it's like I'm on Tokyo time . 
I'm probably in the sky , flyin ' with the fishes . Or maybe in the ocean , swimmin ' the pigeons . 
I'm probably in the sky , flyin ' with the fishes . Or maybe in the ocean , swimmin ' with the pigeons . 
Dear Kentucky , You're awesome :) Keep winning 
these past few days have been great . im def happy :) 
Can't believe we just lost to WV . Better luck next time . 
Don't you hate it when you can't sleep when you have to get up early ? This BLOWS . 
I would love to take a trip to the beach sometime soon . I def need a vacation . 
Getting ready to go to the club with < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > . Should be an eventful night :) 
It's 5 in the morning , and I can't sleep . Oh how I love my sleep schedual . 
I absolutely love this awesome weather were having , hope it stays this way . 
Life is a gamble and I'm all about my poker chips . 
And after all , you're my wonderwall . 
Being an adult is hard work . It'd be nice to be 5 years old again . 
Ugh , I have a big math test today . Damnit , I hate math . 
Ugh , can't wait till I get a new apartment ! 
To those of you who had Xanga , before Myspace , and way before Facebook , go take a look at some of your post and comments on your Xanga accounts . I'm sure you'll laugh your ass off at everything ever posted 
Can't wait to be partying in New Orleans with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Im sinking to the ocean floor , to my demine . 
I need someone to tell me what I can & cant bring on an airplane . Anyone who knows needs to tell me cause google isnt so reliable . 
Went to the tanning bed , gettin ready for New Orleans :) 
Need to dye my hair again . Blonde or red ? All opinions welcome :) 
I spent liike $700 at the mall today ! Loved shopping for the New Orleans trip . 
Omg , saw an airplane the other day . Def dont want to get on one . :( 
Newly single , && ready to mingle :) 
Heading to Cincinnati in a few minutes . Before I know it , Im going to be on a plane :o 
Just got back from Louisianna , the flights were blahh , but whatev , I home now ! :) 
So , on my last day in Louisianna , I pierced my lip :) 
It's a new time in my life , and I'm ready for some fun . 
New cellie ! 6065711984 
Gettin ready to go to the club tonight with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . This should be fun :) 
Ugh im exhausted ! 
Going to kings island tomorrow ! 
Just leaving kings island and tired as hell . 
Making police reports can be so , eurfbvapuoibvaos . 
I need new things to do . 
Where do you go to meet new people ? Specifically , cute guys . :) 
I need something to do for tomorrow . 
Is watching the proposal 
< PROPFEMALE > just left . So now im bored as hell . 
Laying in bed but cant sleep . Seems to be the usual for me . 
Bacvk from treghw clubv anmd imn sderuiosdlt wzatsed witrhj cuitre gfuyts 
I have been straight up robbed twice in 2 weeks . \ 
Life is a fucking bitch . 
Im really thinking that i should stay away from huntington for awhile . Too much shit has happened within the past few days . 
Kinda wishin I could find ATLEAST one decent guy in the world . Thinkin , that'll probably NEVER happen . 
How is it that my mother can keep the house freezing cold , but my room still feels like satans sanctuary ? 
Dear Snyder , Im pretty certain that I intended on buying a bag of chips , but thanks for the air anyway . 
Drinkin vodka with orange juice , my fav :) 
It's banana rum night :) 
Had a great weekend :) 
Does anyone know of any places hiring in ashland/catlettsburg ? 
About to leave for Georgetown . Can't wait to watch the Bengals in training . I'll talk to everbody when I get back tonight . Leave stuffff :) 
97% of teenagers would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > beiber on top of a sky scraper about to jump . if you are one of the 3% that would sit at the bottom eating pop corn yelling \do a flip ! \ " copy and past this to your status " 
had a great weekend with the boyfriend :) 
On my way to meigs county to spend the weekend with < PROPFIRST > :) 
Our internet is finally working again !!! :) 
Life right now is pretty damn fantastic . Couldnt really ask for more :) 
Is it just me , or is Kentucky infested with some nasty/creepy looking bugs as of lately ? 
Gonna go camping this weekend with the boyfriend :) 
Todays word is broke ;; i broke a nail , broke the button on my jeans and broke down while driving ... fml 
Dyed my hair and cut bangs back in :) \ 
\ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://smiley.cm/?p=2 
Girls night at the club ! 
Im seriously hating the way the weather has been lately 
Im super bored , so Im liking things ... and facebook told me I reached my limit of things I could like :o 
I like it on the wall 
Had a good weekend with < PROPFIRST > :] 
My family is sooo dysfunctional , I cant wait til I move out . 
finally got a place to live :) 
Finally got moved in to the new place and getting very anxious about organizing and getting stuff together 
thanks everyone for the happy birthday wishes :) 
i deff need a job 
looks like im gonna be having a job very soon :) 
getting ready to go for a TB test and get my fingerprints ... 
i got the job and i start monday :) 
i start work tomorrow at 10:30 , hope all goes well 
< PROPFEMALE > just left , me her and < PROPFIRST > had a nice dinner . I made chicken :) 
So I'm thinking , today is a good day to try and go blonde agian .. 
getting ready to go to work , blehhh :( 
I cant cash my check anywhere due to my boss having to handwrite it . This sucks :( 
me and < PROPFIRST > had a pretty eventful weekend .. not looking forward to work tomorrow 
i have such a great boyfriend :) ilctf 
work is kicking my ass , but its definately getting alot better . cant wait for vday , the bf has something special planned :) 
redbull :) 
I've had a headache and a belly ache all day :( 
cant sleep and i have a long day tomorrow :( 
I have an awful headache and belly ache for the second day in a row fml 
Im feeling like shit , just wanna go home 
At work , and i only have 3 kids today :D 
this sickness is really bringing me down . i just wanna get over it already 
At work , on break .. Cant wait to get home and sleep lol 
thankfully , the cable guy came today and hooked our cable and internet back up :) 
So I came home from tanning to find that the wind had blown over our trash can outside and had to pick it all up :( 
sticks and stones may break my bones , but chains and whips excite me ;) 
I have a < PROPMALE > migraine :( 
My day is off to a fantastic start ... my dads in the hospital , i just got a flat and im late for work . FML 
Me and < PROPFIRST > just got pulled over , great lol 
cant sleep , and i have to be at work at 9 . this sucks :/ 
what are you supposed to do when you dont wanna seem like a bitch , but you know your right ?? 
so tired , didnt hardly sleep last night . cant wait to crash into my bed :) 
got off work early , at home cleaning now 
In meigs with the boyfriend , cannot wait to go home 
Theres only so much you can do on your phone when your bored to death forever 
Me and < PROPFIRST > just bought a Wii :) 
Wtf is with all the traffic in chesapeake ?? 
Got off work early , now im cleaning and waiting for my amazing boyfriend to get home :) 
