just got back from the florida keys where : he ate lunch with a member of the NY Mets , spent lots o ' time with dolphins , got sunburned on a waverunner ( a jetski ) , stayed in the sixth swankiest hotel in the USA , and got rejected by a girl who was hitting on 

just got stiches in his back , went swimming in a lake , and now migh have a minor infection in said stiches . Yum . 
Just got LASIK eye surgery and loooooves the sedatives they game me !!!! veeeeeeeeeery relaxing , indeed . Also , I know have a huge red scar/abrasion thing down the side of my left eye ( it'll heal ) . Long story short , hold still when there's a laser pointed in your eye . 
is the happiest man on earth !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
IS IN LOVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IM IN LOVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG IM ACTUALLY IN LOVE !!!! 
feels much better ! Some vitamin C and a little rest can do wonders for the sniffles . Also , I find < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s approval of my illness to be somewhat disconcerting . On second though , it just makes them straight up assholes . 
Oh the rigors of college 
Powerful is the allure of the wrong and wicked path . Stray , and you are lost . Stay , and you relinquish that which makes us human . The illusion of choice exists to comfort those who follow the righteous and justify the wicked . To choose is not to take a path , it is to define what the borders of the path itself are . I like cake . 
just rode the lynx statue and jumped in the pool . Both naked . I feel freaking fantastic ! 
just got back from < PROPFIRST > for the weekend . Awesome time :] 
thinks nerf wars in the burrrow are awesome !!!!! 
is basically broke . Awesome . 
hates the flu . 
thinks homeless people who first say they don't want to < PROPMALE > anybody tonight and THEN ask you for money to buy some food are far more effective than those who merely ask for money . 
Betrayal sucks . 
hates that crushing feeling of loneliness that comes from playing sad love songs on the guitar . hmmm , that could have sounded less emo . 
Have you ever felt like everyone hates you , but you just can't figure out why ? Yeah . That's been my day today . Maybe I'm just imagining it , I dunno . 
Loved you once , love you still ; always have , always will .... </3 God I hate spontaneity . 
Tonight was great :] However , if it was so awesome , then why is there this sinking feeling deep in my gut ? Meh . 
Last night was possible the ONLY time where receiving random txts from an unkown < PROPFIRST > number turned out to be a really great thing . 
its gonna blow being home by myself for a whole semester . time to renew my world of warcraft subscription . Horde ftw ! * sigh * 
Frustration : Noun . The state or instance of being wherein one has a deep chronic sense or state of insecurity and dissatisfaction arising from unresolved problems or unfullfilled needs . Diogo : Noun . Portuguese variant on the Spanish name < PROPMALE > from the Hebrew name , < PROPFIRST > . Meaning : \one who supplants\ " . Supplant : Noun . ( 1)To supersede ( another ) especially by force or treachery . " 
According to Google , I do not exist . Awesome . 
Now I know I'm getting old . I saw a bunch of emo kids at walmart and the first thought that ran through my mind was \damn teenagers \"." 
I just put by bible which I haven't actually read in a very long time into a box in my closet . Why ? Because I didn't have a place to put my Yu-Gi-Oh cards . Yup . Goin to hell . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day makes me wish the legal drinking age was a few years lower . 
I HATE VALENTINE'S DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no funny quip , no joke , just a very true statement . I hate it so very very much . 
Just saw the triforce very clearly as the symbol on the war banner of a samurai warrior in a 14th century piece of japanese < PROPMALE > . Possibly the ancestor of Shigeru Miyamoto , or just an ancient gamer . Who knows . 
Spent $60 on Jones soda . I just figured out what I'm giving up for lent . 
Just saw someone my age blow into a breathalyzer attached to their car so that I could start . NOW I know what an alcoholic really is . 
Met a self-proclaimed gay , mormon , libertarian who is against gay marriage ( also thinks being gay is a choice and can be controlled ) , pro choice ( abortion ) , and thinks that some states are plagued by their oldest laws . Okay , I'll bite . < PROPFEMALE > Kutcher is gonna jump out from somewhere antime now right ? come on , really ? Is this what passes for acceptable these days ? 
Just looked at my search history and compiled a list of everything I've googled in the last seven days : most metal ice skating routine ever , New Zealand , exact opposite side of the world from where I am right now , how to pierce your own tongue , payhedskn ; f , normal , you’re a 7 but I deserve an 8 , how to get out of a really deep hole , yugioh divine wrath , how to hotwire a car . 
When a male allosaurus propositioned the significantly more aggressive female members of the species , he had a 50-50 < PROPMALE > of either having a successful mating or getting his throat violently ripped out and being crushed to death . I think I found a commonality between the allosaurus and human beings . 
aewfk;ojlmdsfnas[dnof'[kjfqewknl'fjowekmlds'cfsndb; anlewkm[ofas d''m , l ; fnlmshoj 
well crap . one of the guys who did the voice acting for halflife 2 is dead . Now what about episode three ? 
boom goes texas stadium .... 
is very impressed with the bombardier beetle's ability to shoot costic and combustable acid . Gotta love animal planet . 
“Named must your fear be before banish it you can . ” - Yoda 
The Hubble space telescope uses whale oil , cus it's the only oil good enough for the lenses , apparently . Not kidding , look it up . The hubble space telescope runs on whale oil . 
Apparently I made a huuuuuuuuuuge mistake in shaving my entire body . Full body stubble plus < PROPMALE > labor equals pain . 
Watching street fighter < PROPFEMALE > . Again . Why do I do this to myself ? 
just watched the original < PROPFEMALE > Wars movie in < PROPMALE > . The Empire is waaaaaaaaay more threatening that way . 
realized I only had one slice of my birthday cake ...... 
most underrated movie of all time = Pandorum . 
USA one , Algeria none !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
freakin zebras , man . 
sitting in my room with the lights off , wearing only a luchador mask and my boxers , eating dorritos and lucky charms while watching a movie about demon possession . Is it Thursday night already ? 
So I just found out that there are still between 20 and 100 soviet suitcase nuclear devices STILL missing to this day . We . Are . Boned . 
WE HAVE A NEW DOGGY !!!! WE NAMED HIM OZZY !!!!!! cus he's kinda messed up . But he rocks . 
A poem by me -\ 
Some violets are blue , \ 
Of all different shades , \ 
And unprotected love , \ 
Just might give you AIDS . 
Just bought 30g of iron III ( ferric ) oxide . Half way there . Can anyone guess what I'm making ? :] 
is deeply upset with some people . 
So let us do evil that good may come of it . 
Turns out , the guy who set the world record for pull-ups ( 3,300 in one go ) goes to my gym . I met him today . I felt sooooooooooooo inadequate with my workout . 
schadenfreude - hahahahahahahahaha , I finally understand what it truly means to feel this way . It's good to be bad , but better to be evil >:] 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and The Rock . You died for comedy gold . 
< PROPFIRST > BIEBER GOT NAILED IN THE HEAD WITH A WATER BOTTLE ! AT HIS OWN CONCERT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Islamic culture center two blocks from ground zero . Charma . Why ? U.S. military base 20 < PROPMALE > from Hiroshima . 
I am Iron Man . 
\It's not nice to make fun of a leprechaun . \"" 
Things I learned today : Waffles taste better at 2 in the afternoon , friends are awesome , aqnd I LOVE RAVES !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well then . Ice cream < PROPFIRST > attempting to play Dragonforce AND a conversation with < PROPFEMALE > . This has got to be one of my better Sundays here . 
The preserve of ambition , and the folly in it's pursuit . People can be so tiresome at times . 
Well . Guess my phone is just gone forever then . 
3 hours 
My roommate couldn't spell retard aloud . Irony . 
abyssus abyssum invocat 
total . quidditch . victory . aaaaaaaaaaaaand celebratory party was awesome . 
Sum ego malum ? Etiam ego sum malum . Ego sum vir . 
just found out it's legal to buy uranium and tanks legally on the internet . Guess what I'm buying as soon as I possibly can ? :] 
Slash at halftime !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
dis·cord·ant ( dis kôrd ? ' nt)\ 
adjective\ 
1 . not in < PROPFEMALE > ; dissonant ; clashing ; harsh ; out of phase\ 
2 . Nickelback 
Ding ! lvl 80 
Just watched 11 episodes of Thundercats !!! 
Things I found out this weekend : chainsaws are dangerous . That's pretty much it . 
Spring Break Goal #1 : Sleep . Sleep a lot . 
watched three episodes of < PROPMALE > Texas Ranger today . Well , that's 3 hours of my life filled with slow motion round house kicks that I'll never get back . 
some dude passed out during midterm lab practical . I wanted to stop to help but I was told that there were absolutely no retakes . Survival of the fittest . 
