Twilight : New < PROPFEMALE > was the most panzee movie I ever saw , afterwards I saw Boondock Saints 2 : All Saints Day ..... just to wash the gay off me . 

Insomia is a bitch ... glad my lover's sleeping so soundly ... perhaps an < PROPFEMALE > remedy will get me counting sheep 
Listening to my full collection of Rammstein albums as I study for finals .... 
wants to know who's going out after finals .... I need a goddamn Guinness .... one round on me 
last final tomorrow at 5pm ... finally ... so going out after 
happy birthday to londono , Kharal and Byrne to today ..... hope you bastards get plastered 
visiting family in TN from the 14th to the 20th .... we'll party when I get back .... one full round on me .... just gimme a time and a place 
visiting family in TN from the 14th to the 20th .... we'll party when I get back .... one full round on me .... just gimme a time and a place .... everyone is more than welcome 
anyone doing anything interesting for the superbowl tomorrow ? 
No Doubt was by far one of the best ska/alternative/punk bands ever discovered ...... huge fan 
uugggghhhhhh ..... pulled out my back at the gym after work ..... back's so stiff and painful I can barely move .... now set up with a huge bottle of Bayer , two 1-gallon jugs of water , and swaping out heat compresses and ice packs every 15 minutes ...... I need some TLC 
Decided to go out , have a few drinks and make V-day a singles holiday as well ...... reason being , we're saving hundred of bucks NOT buying chocolates and hallmark cards ...... I'm celebrating the fact that I'm not a sucker ..... dislike if you want , I don't really give a damn .... here's to freedom !! 
After a one year metal phase .... I rediscovered the greatness of ' 90's alternative music ..... ( before all that cookie-cutter pop bullshit ) ..... ' 90's alt rock brings back some real nostalgic times ..... ' Black Hole Sun ' was one of my favorite songs back in the day 
didn't realize just how comfortable his bed is til this very moment ..... 
\I like sex and candy\ " - M.P. " 
you respect my rockstar ..... and I'll respect your gangsta 
Throw up your Rawkfist , if you're feeling it when I drop this ...... 
I actually forgot how much I really loved the sun , until it came out today .... very refreshing 
some people treat their bodies like temples ...... well heh heh heh , I treat mine like an amusement park 
ugh boredom ... 
I truly appreciate everyone's birthday wishes ..... I had a nice relaxing day ...... ya know what though , 25 doesn't really feel any different than 24 does heh heh heh .... but to all of you that wished me well I thank you , you're really great ( whenever you don't piss me off that is ) heh heh heh heh ..... 
Among all that is blessed are those who are my true friends .... 
Arrgh goddammit ..... Accidentally left my cell phone on LIRR train going home last night ... Hoping LIRR has a diligent lost and found operation or I'm screwed ... don't bother calling or texting me for the next week and a half , you won't reach me .... 
Got my new phone Today ... Thank god cause these past two weeks were brutal without it ... now I have to build back up my contact list from scratch grrrrrr .... I still have my same number , so if you got my number already ... just send me a text with your contact info ... if you do not have my number , you can always send me a PM on here with your infor ... or just tell me next time you see me in person ... thanks everyone 
Finally got my new phone .... I still have my same number , so if you got my number already ... just send me a text with your contact info ... if you do not have my number , you can always send me a PM on here with your infor ... or just tell me next time you see me in person ... thanks everyone 
Officially quits smoking starting monday .... goodbye tobacco , sorry to see us part , love every moment we spent together ..... ( something tells me some of my ball-busting coworkers are gonna start a pool now to see how long I last- well screw you all and bite me heh heh heh heh ) 
drinks napalm to quell his heartburn heh heh heh 
If you try to fail ..... and succeed , what did you just do ? 
thinking back on the 90's ..... was remembering how popular snap bracelets used to be with all those ' out there ' designs and colors ...... I was thinking , we should totally bring those back ...... it would be sooooo retro heh heh heh 
time for a long overdue good night's rest ..... goodnight rockstars 
Giving a shout to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > for recommending Pandora radio to me a long long while back .... Use it all the time on my iPhone and Definitely kept my Rockstar soundtrack going whenever my touch loses juice on those long train rides home ... One million Rockstar points to her ... Rock ' n Roll will live forever baby !! 
Let out your inner Rockstar .... Rock ' n Roll will live forever baby ! 
Just finished all my work for this semester , celebrating with a pint of Guinness and a tumbler with five fingers of Jamesons whiskey neat ..... Rockstar smooth 
World Cup Italy game starts in 20 mins ...... Oh Yeah , < PROPFEMALE > Italia baby 
anyone got any good movie recommendations for what's out now .... feel like going to the movies but don't really know what to see .... let me know gents , thanks 
loves it when a plan just comes together 
palm trees , sea breeze , white sand , and a cool drink in my hand ....... Oh how I look forward to that 
To all you heartbreakers and lifetakers out there ..... Stay Frosty 
the second I get home will be time for an overdue , well-deserved , good night's sleep ..... if you call and wake me up at three in the morning , and you're not an insanely beautiful woman ..... I will be pissed heh heh 
aaaggghh ..... some teeny little girl on the LIRR was blasting fricking < PROPFIRST > beiber from her ipod on the train into the city today .... now baby baby's non-stop playing in my head , and Rammstein ain't helping me get it out ..... please save me ladies and gents !!!!!!!! 
I could use a beach sooo bad right about now 
To my fellow rockstars ........ If there's anything good going on this weekend , let me know ..... Otherwise you can catch me at the beach 
Totally rockstar band pick of the week is .... < PROPFEMALE > Revolver ... Party on , rockstars , party on 
If you're brave .... copy this to your status and see what people rate you :( 1 ) crazy ( 2)wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable ( 6 ) pretty ( 7 ) beautiful ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) like your lips ( 11 ) wild ( 12 ) wanna kiss you ( 13 ) funny as hell ( 14 ) lets go out ( 15 ) freaky ( 16 ) amazing ( 17 ) cute ? ( 18 ) smart ( 19 ) mature ( 20 ) Bad ... 
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character .... Think like a man of action , act like a man of thought ... 
UFC 117 baby .... < PROPFEMALE > v . What's his name heh heh .... Hope < PROPFEMALE > serves that punk a slice of humble pie 
I was quite impressed with the UFC117 main event ...... in all my time following MMA and UFC that's the first time I saw a fight play out the way < PROPFEMALE > v . Sonnen did ...... both fighters deserve some respect for that fight 
I may come off as a macho , stern , rough , stoic badass . Afterall , that is in fact who I am . Yet there is a friendly , playful , fond , easygoing side to me as well . But in order to see that side you'll have to earn it , I never just give it away . Once you put in some time with me you will see I'll warm up to you more easily , then you'll find I'm pretty lovable indeed . So long as you never mistake my kindness for weakness 
will be in Manhattan on monday to run some errands and enjoy a day off in the city .... anyone wants to chill ... let me know 
I must say summer , you have been great .... many many good times were had .... but I feel I'm finally ready to see the leaves change 
is totally in a Coldplay/Matchbox 20/No Doubt/Paramore/The Sounds .... mood lately .... pretty sweet rockstar playlist this is becoming .... party on , Rockstars ! 
Fortune favors the Bold , < PROPFEMALE > favors the Brave , Victory favors the Mighty , and Immortality favors the Valiant ..... Stay Frosty 
Currently listening to a .... < PROPMALE > Black Shadow/ Paramore/ Flyleaf/ The Sounds/ Garbage/ No Doubt mixed playlist .... I must say , bands with women frontmen ... They Rock pretty freaking hardcore ... Love it , Rock on 
no cause is lost if there is but one brave fool left to fight for it ...... stay frosty 
Worked my last day for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s P.S.D. this past monday morning ... It was time to go and move on elsewhere .... Got one last year here til I get my Masters , so I'm sure you'll see me around ... Don't be strangers 
just watched Heavy Metal once again after 18 years .... I'll tell ya , even today , that 1981 film still kicks ass ..... if you're a huge fan of heavy metal music I suggest you find it and see it too .... to former Eagle < PROPMALE > Felder , your song \Takin ' a ride - Heavy Metal\ " is one of my favorite rock songs of all time ..... party on Rockstar " 
Fortune Favors The Bold ..... Stay Frosty 
UFC 121 tonight baby .... Lesnar v . Velasquez ... Meeting up with the guys .... Cell's good 
Sadly , as much as I try so tenaciously to keep it alive ..... Chivalry is in it's dire last moments til extinction ..... What happened to gallantry , and honor among men ..... Well , no cause is lost if there is still but one fool left to fight for it ..... Stay Frosty 
wishes he were laying on a white < PROPFIRST > beach in Belize , or hiking through the Brazilian rainforest , or catching waves at Surfer's Point or Bondi Beach ...... someday soon I promise myself ..... Stay Frosty 
from nov . 19th to the 30th , change your profile picture to your favorite childhood cartoon . invite your facebook friends to do the same so that no human face can be seen on facebook . the purpose is to create an invasion of childhood memories and to support the Fight Against Child Abuse . ? 
Fortitudinem et honorem ....... Stay valiant , gents 
\I am ready to meet my maker . Whether or not my maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter . \ " - < PROPMALE > Churchill ..... Stay Frosty Gents " 
Millions of people , everyone out for themselves ... Can this really be the only way ? No ... Here's to Honour ... and to Gallantry , long may it live ... Here's to doing the right thing , to giving your word and keeping it ... Here's to the Brave among us ... Here's to a code of behavior that sets certain Men apart from all others ... Here's to us , Live with Chivalry gents 
