Things that make you go hmmm 

friends and family all in one network this is great 
Bah Humbug , maybe i will forgo all the b.s. this year 
argh stressed out 
excited for thanksgiving , get to see my mom 
bah humbug .... im hoping that thanksgiving will put me in the spirit 
headed out to IDAHO this morning .... yeah 
home again time to get back to reality 
think twice before you post .... love you all !!!! birthdays comming up going to the nutcracker 
one more day till the nutracker 
happy christmas !!!! 
I just want to say thankyou to all the people who have stood next to me , held me up when I couldn't stand on my own , to my friends and my family thank you for all you do and may this year be better than the last 
ouch my back is hurting , working on week 2 of a runny nose and congestion !!!! whee haw !!! i love the rain 
black 
feeling okay its a new year a new start 
brown chicken brown cow 
things that make you go hmmm ..... why is it that shit always hits the fan at a high speed 
hi i have isses and if you dont know that i am sorry 
is now \official\ " whatever that means :) " 
meow 
wonders WTF 
need to go to bed not really tired 
not sure im happy but dont realy know how to fix it 
i am so bored B-O-R-E-D 
is feeling quite drained of all energy and gets to start a new work week today wheee haw 
i fel like crap and now i feel crappyer becausei called off work for tomorow ..... WHY 
must have chocolate ..... MMMMMMM 
do you think im crazy ? 
still sick as a dog stupid mucus is getting me down :( 
y mountains are blue 
in pain but one must go on 
i realy need a vacation 
its off to work i go 
frustrated ... who knew making a damn payment on a credit card could be so hard 
anxious , bored , not sure where i want to be or what i want to be doing ..... i finaly get a day off and dont know what to do with it 
yech , stuffy nose , fever , chest congestion this is the third time this year whats wrong with me 
should be sleeping but instead is eating chocolate and playing on facebook 
meow meow meow meow 
pissed off no right to be but still very pissed off 
so excited going camping tomorow , yeah for vacation hopfully no stress will follow me ... Hood River here we come , even in the rain 
home again camping was way great even in the rain , made me miss my famly though , i love ya all 
mehh feeling feelngs quick everybody run 
woot woot 
do i have to go to work ... UGH 
had a pretty cool dream , dragons and water demons , pirates , swimming half the ocean , boobs , car < PROPMALE > , more boobs 
feelng hollow and empty inside :( 
ieieimmm hooked on a feeling .... loving < PROPFEMALE > and sammantha my two unconditional friends 
talked to my niece < PROPFEMALE > today on the phone , was a great moment 
now i feel dumb ... my own fault i suppose 
Bah Humbug 
woke up angry , im tired of all the negative energy 
im so bored stuck here at work its so incredably slow the store should be spotless but i really dont want to clean either ... baaahhhh 
why is it you can feel on top of the world one night and within 24 hrs feel like your on the bottom of the ocean ... 
looks like i only sprained my ankle , but wow does it hurt 
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHRRRRRRRGGGGGGG 
my thoughts today are for meriah today ... Happy sixth birthday baby girl your birthmom loves you 
back to work tomorow it was a nice mini vacation two weeks and i get a real one Utah here i come 
Feeling rather crappy hope tomorows better when I wake up 
One week till I fly to utah to see mom 
At the airport waiting to fly =-O wheeee 
On vacation ... so far so good got to see my best friend and no akwardness this year :-) very pleased .... family times been great too 
back home cant stop sneezing .... RIP grandpa < PROPFIRST > you are loved and will be missed 
home again almost excited to dive into work 
aaaaaaaarrrrrrrggggggg !!!!! 
Sometimes I wish people would just say thankyou and mean it 
waiting ..... waiting for what ??? I'm not sure 
I am so bored B-O-R-E-D 
I hate being MAD ... because in the end I'm in tears and the person I'm mad at either doesn't know or doesn't care 
Had a good night starting to feel depressed ..... stupid reasons I'm sure but that doesn't make the feeling any less 
i need one more friend to join me on frontier ville :) 
Ho HUMMM * sigh * 
Not in a good place ...... but I get by with a little help from my friends 
doing better still very unsure ... have the next 7 days off need to find something productive to do 
Feeling anxious ... want to cry don't really know why scared and stupid oh well I'm sure to get over whatever it is 
Feeling concerned but don't believe my concerns would be greeted well ... 
Inebreated and thinking fudge ... ( the < PROPMALE > chocolate kind ) I gotta work .. hiho .... hiho 
Children are a blessing weather you keep them or give them up there is always love ... bless all the mothers out there you have a strong heart and a strong mind 
why do we insist on trying when we know we cant win ? 
i have the most F'ed up luck some times thats 2 accedents in less than 2 months 
waiting for enterprise to pick me up so that i can sign over the rest of nothing i have left 
Well its totaled now I have till Sunday to figure out what I'm going to do 
I'm so tired 
Above my left eye there appears to be a scratch of sorts it kinda hurts and is swollen at times ... the question is should I have it looked at or just ignore it ? Hmmm 
looking for a used car for around 5000 ... if anyone has any ideas id appriciate the imput 
BIG sigh of relief , geico is paying off total loss and extending my rental thru the 6th so i have some time to look and not feel rushed YEAH 
I realy don't like the process of buying a car 
happy ... sad ... angry ... frustrated .... exstatic ... tense .... anxious .... depressed .... there are way to many negatives right now 
i have found myself a Hyundi < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 2004 ... so far im loving it 
thank goodness for accadent forgiveness my insurance rates went down now lets hope i can be good for 5 years 
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuggggggggggg 
making pies for the first time hope they turn out 
Feeling kinda crapy about not being able to do my first choice for thanksgiving ..... so the next best thing is to spend it with people who love me here in portland which is awsome too in its own way 
Singing karioke and drinking hot choclate ... not a bad ending to a good day and the madness begins in the morning kohles and fredies and who knows where else 
I realy think its stupid how many double standards there are in the world ... why are we not aoud to act one way if we know we shouldn't but those who have played stupid their entire lives get away with it every day 
Have a 180$ credit on our electric ... not complaining just wondering where it came from things like this don't just happen 
starting to feel crappy , tired , achy , and barking like a dog did i mention sneezing 
Not impresed with Wendys today ... maybe its me but everyyhing tastes bland 
I just love the unknown 
* meh * so not ready for my long day ... oh well here goes nothing 
Just like < PROPFIRST > said ... what I need is some alone time a pizza a good movie and a bottle of wine 
Humph 
i realy hate feeling like this is this year over yet 
Got to thinkin .... well that always ends badly 
It should be me but is it ? No 
I sit here alone feeling the way I do ... to tired to do anything about it I want to help everyone but me ... but then whose going to help me ? I feel lost and alone . Someone please help me 
My underwire broke and I'm not off till 1am :( 
Making grandma guymonds famous cinnimon rolls 
Thank you every one ... with this many happys how could I have an unhappy 
is it over yet ? 
Meow 
I am the egg man I am the walrus kooka < PROPFEMALE > 
hungry and iritated .... starting to become the norm 
i wish i could breath * sniff snuff hak hak * 
everytime i try to get on the internet from my laptop it wont let me ive had it up to here i just want the problem fixed !!!!!!!!!!!! 
the jager in my freezer is calling my name 
I have nothing profound to say :-) 
grumbble 
I hate feelin stupid even more than I hate not knowin WTF is not goin on 
Sometimes life doesn't seem very fair but then you look into the eyes of a child and everything comes rushing back and all the inocents in the world is yours again 
I was realy hoping someone might come and pick me up off the asphalt ... I know I have great friends but .. there's always a but sometimes I wish there was more 
One more hour ... omg am I exsausted .... bleh 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Nieces Week ! If you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? 
It is what it is ... I hate to intrude ... I also want to keep buisness as buisness .... kinda hard sometimes ... but I hope to sucseed ... 
damned if you do damned if you don't * big sigh * 
Ho .. hummmm .... :) 
It is what it is ..... and 1,001 more things keep going through my brain dancing like I've never danced before 
Life Happens ! 
And My Name Is MUD 
The hurryer I go ... the behinder I get 
Need to stop thinking its just making me angry 
* sigh * 
< PROPFEMALE > singles awareness day !!! 
I am blessed to have some of the best people in my life 
Yup ... it decided to snow ... pretty white flakes 
sometimes words are never enough 
Feeling realy anxious can't stop shaking and I work till 5 
Out past my bed time again ... 
going to the dentist ... been 7 years here goes nuthing :\\ 
Let it snow let it snow let it snow !! 
RAAWWW !!! Sometimes I realy hate being a woman 
Out with my bestest ... I love my < PROPFEMALE > !! And I love my < PROPFIRST > !!! 
:-) singing my heart out , my anger out , my love out , singing me out !! 
I love my beatches they put up wit my shiznit 
< PROPMALE > .... it is what it is right .... there is so much more to say .... luv ya 
My head is goin to explode 
I have the worst luck sometimes 
Irritated !! I have too much crap to decided on 
Thanks a lot .... * sigh * 
Totaly feeling enveloped by my depression this weekend ....... this sucks :( 
sometimes all you need is some chocolate 
2 and 1/2 more hours then 8 O'Clock comes early * sigh * 
Raahhhh !! So angry right now wish I had the skills to just let go ! ..... supose I'm starting to feel beter 
i feel sick ............. uuuggggggg 
thank goodness for sick days 
Waiting .... waiting ..... waiting .... hmmmmmm 
Ace Ventura Pet Detective is on TV lol ... i havent seen this in forever 
Fu ** it you only live once ! 
feeling ookie ..... bleh 
had a dream about my daughter this morning i had her in my arms and told her that i loved her i didn't want to wake up . i miss her so much but am proud of the decisions i have made . 
So today I bought tampons at wallgreens and the coupon that comes out of the register is for chocolate ... I couldn't help but laugh 
I don't like working weekends all the stupid people come out 
i just wanted to come home and relax , now im more stressed than i was at work : < 
been cleaning ... now my alergies are acting up ... itchie eyes runnie nose ... ugh 
Yummie .... what a delicious dinner my bestest made for me .... bacon wraped asparagus .... tender pork ribs .... garlic potatoes ... mmmmm 
So tired today ... feeling kinda ookie : * is it 5 yet 
My lower back realy hurts today .... so much pain 
