is looking forward to spending the entire weekend with my new computer ...... Well probably not the entire weekend . 

doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow . 
90 hour work week over . Looking forward to next day off , not till Thursday . 
is really exhausted , but is in need of a celebration next week . Yay ! 
is glad for a day . 
is looking forward to Friday . 
is mildly surprised . 
is actually looking forward to a vacation . This will be the first time in three years that I will have more than three days off at once . Not to mention getting paid for it at the same time . 
can't stand people that think its okay to be over two hours late when the time was set way in advance . 
is angry and is not sure that I can wait until Sunday to talk about it . 
Seriously ! Is everything a secrete ! If he wanted to know he could have looked it up himself ! 
Yay for days off ! 
Ugh ! 
Only three more days , after the next two days off , of work until five glorious days off . 
sometimes I wish time would just stand still . Yet , it never does . 
is officially on vacation starting ..... now ! No more Target until Monday ! 
is finally home . 
just got off work , and it was great . I have some great ideas for tomorrow and next month . 
is starting to get angry that people do not call back . I have left four messages now . 
is officially a weber state student again . Will be starting in < PROPFIRST > . 
Yay for Fall ! But man is it cold outside this morning . 
wants to do something fun this weekend . Any ideas ? 
is starting to get a cold . 
is pissed . I cannot believe the lies that people tell just to get off . 
is glad to have a day off after the week I had . 
is in an amazing mood . 
symptoms of influenza : 102 degree fever- the better to make you freezing and even the heating blanket on high doesn't help . Throwing up- a reminder that even mild heartburn does not hurt this bad . Sore Throat- a great way to make you never want to talk again Body Aching- an excuse to stay in bed and never get out ( but wait even your bed can't keep you warm This sucks 
says goodbye to influenza and hello to the swine flu . 
is wondering when I will be able to stay awake for more than three hours at a time . Ugh , I hate being sick ! 
is excited for today . 
sometimes wonder what people are thinking . 
is extremely angry at people that act like they are in the freakin 3rd grade . Grow up ! 
is looking forward to her day of nothing tomorrow . 
is putting up a Christmas tree tomorrow . 
after a long day at work , it is finally nice to be off . 
is looking forward to next friday . 
wasn't nervous until today . 
hates the snow . Please go away . 
Happy Thanksgiving . 
yeah for this week being over ! 
Off to save the world ...... one christmas tree at a time . 
is starting to get nervous about starting a new position . 
is looking forward to tomorrow . 
Is excited to start school again ! 
is glad that I have the next two days off . 
Is enjoying her weekend and planning on finishing her christmas shopping . 
has new addictions called Greek food and Chai Tea . Yummy ! 
just finished a 10.5 hour shift . Is tired and ready to go to bed only to start over tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Slowly saying good-bye to sleep . But welcoming books , homework , work , and no sleep . 
is sick and tired of this snow . 
Happy New Year ! 
black and white 
would like unlimited time so I can get everything in . This week 147 pages to read for school , a review assignment , a paper , 40 hours of work . Sounds like my sleeping schedule is not going to happen like I want it to . 
is looking forward to this weekend ! 
is finding the drive to finish all my homework tonight instead of doing something fun . 
is angry ! 
is going to enjoy my weekend off as much as I can . Although I think my homework is going to take up most of it . 
hopes everything turns out alright . 
needs to study , but sadly isn't . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Put this in your status and put what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
Is super excited ! Considering I didn't study as much as I needed to I still got a 100% on history and 92% on communication . Yay ! 
is already looking forward to spring break . 
should have started studying last week , regretting that decision now . Ugh ! Why was homework ever invented . 
wants this year to be over already . 
has decided that I really don't want to < PROPMALE > in business anymore . The hard part now is trying to decide what I want to do with my life . So many choices . 
is glad that it is spring break . Yay for no school . 
has decided on a < PROPMALE > . 
is moving this summer out of state ! 
wonders why professors like to cram everything into the last month . Ugh ! 
I forget how many people shop for Easter at the last minute . Holy people today . Thank goodness my shift is over . 
sucked it up and went to the doctor . Turns out I have an ear infection in both ears and a sinus infection . If it wasn't for homework I would be sleeping . 
wishes this sick stuff would go away . Although , I would settle for my ears to stop hurting . 
it needs to me this time next week . Then all my finals would be done and i could enjoy the great weather . 
Only 143 hours to go ...... 
is thinking about studying for finals . 
three finals down . Only two more papers to write and one more exam . 
Do we really make mistakes ? Or are they simply lessons in life that teach us about ourselves and what to do in situations ? But is there really a thing that is really a mistake ? 
Three finals and three papers down . Only four more chapter to read , and then a final at 7 am . Then freedom ... until August . 
would like the snow to go away . I'd settle for rain . 
cut six and half inches off my hair today . 
Spent some quality time at our storage bin today . Cleaning and throwing things out . Moving is seriously a pain and a reminder that you have to get rid of crap . 
is tired of all this April snowing . When will spring be here ? 
just finished reading a good book . Although , I hate reading books in a series . Now I have to wait forever for the next one to come out ! 
loves weekends off ! < PROPFEMALE > looking forward to this weekend . 
........ eight weeks and counting ...... 
is looking forward to my 5 days off this week end . Friday can you hurry up and be here already ?! 
is super excited ! 
is not looking forward to my 8 hour car ride on Friday to Colorado . 
One more night of work until my five day vacation . Off at 11 pm and up at 6 am to start driving . 
there are trees everywhere . 
three rooms painted today . only one bedroom , a bathroom , and the hall left . 
You know you are not in utah when there is traffic on sunday . 
is not looking forward to the packing that is awaiting me in Utah . Ugh ! 
Wisdom tip of the day : don't step on scews that are pointed side up . It freakin ' hurts . 
is finally home ! 
A soldier , sailor , airman , and/or < PROPFEMALE > is someone , who at one point in their life wrote a blank check made payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , & including , their life . Copy & paste this if u are thankful for ur freedom . THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE AND GOD BLESS ! 
Another fun filled weekend off of ................................ packing and cleaning . I will be glad when this is all over . 
went and saw < PROPMALE > of Persia today . It was a great movie ! 
it was a very interesting night at work . Only one more closing night to go . Followed by four very long day shifts . Followed by a day of cleaning and a day of loading a moving < PROPFIRST > . Then a day of driving and a day of unloading a truck in CO . In case you lost count that is 9 days . 
is exhausted . Closed on Saturaday , opened Sunday , movie sunday night with a great friend as a goodbye for now thing , and work at 4am today . I need sleep . Good thing I don't have to work until 330pm tomorrow . 
last day of work was yesterday . i will truly miss everyone that i have worked with . it's been a long road and i will always remember . thank you to everyone and i'm sure we will meet again ! 
Has officially arrived in Fort Collins . Only one 4 hour delay with my car . Which was towed , and then found out that nothing was really wrong with it . 
Another day of unpacking is what I have to look forward to today . Looking forward to being done . 
will be spending my afternoon painting . 
I am going to kill my car ! 
is glad that the packing is done with . Now I can enjoy some time off . I am in need some of quality me time . 
hate my contacts today . 
box fans falling backwards into a window is never a good thing . My bedroom window that is broken is a good judge of that . Good thing we were able to get it fixed today . 
thinks interviewing is overrated . One more to go . 
is impatient ! 
is looking forward to my days off this week . Three days in a row ..... now to decide what I am going to do . 
officially has a new tl home at my new store , although I don't start training for twoish weeks . 
Doesn't have to be to work until 6pm . This busing event should be interesting . 
has an entire weekend off ............ Super excited ......... Not about the homework that awaits me ........ but two days off is going to be amazing . 
enjoyed some much needed shopping today . 
is a bit surprised , a little confused , but is hoping that it will all be clarified tomorrow . Then hopefully it is what I am expecting to hear . 
Alarm Clock . Because every morning should begin with a heart attack ! 
is becoming oh so proficient in the world of coffee . 
should be an interesting night . 
is glad that I have today off . Now to get caught up on my homework . 
Is glad that today is over . When you start your day with a wake up call from work saying the opener isn't there , you know it is not going to be fun . Thank goodness it is over . 
You know that you are a perfectionist when you are considering retaking a Math test that you got a 95% on . 
Changed my picture to pink for breast cancer awareness ! Everyone else should too ! You the go pink app ! 
is excited that my best friend is coming home tomorrow ! To bad that I am not going to be in Utah to go to his homecoming , but I am excited either way . 
Hates that I get sticking 95% on every college trig test so far . I really would like to get 100% on at least one . Ugh ! 
is not ready for next week ! 
today was not what i expected and i am not looking forward to friday . 
is glad that toady is over . So glad I am off tomorrow , and am planning on sleeping and trying to feel better . 
is spending my birthday in urgent care . 
Thanks for all the happy birthday wishes . 
already ready for Christmas to be over ! 
today is my Friday . I am so looking forward to having the next two days off . 
where's the snow !! 
is going to spend some quality time with in my laundry room today . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ! 
it's been a long week , and I am looking forward to tomorrow off . 
is super angry ! 
is glad that everything at the school is all okay again . Have the five day off , and am planning on doing something great with them . 
Is hoping my homework isn't going to take long tomorrow so I can enjoy my day off . 
is not sure if waiting till the last minute to take my Spanish test was a good idea . Not to mention the fact that I think I only did mediocre on it to boot . I guess next week I need to start a little earlier on it . 
