hates the hot weather 

is in topeka hell yeah 
you've got to trust your instinct and let go of regret 
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination . 
just took tigger swimming for the first time ... tigger does not enjoy swimming 
just put some chocolate syrup on a piece of bacon ... it was amazing 
going swimming ! 
is having a good day 
wants to go to the lake 
there's a damn eagle running through the house 
my burps taste like pickle and banana 
is always flapping in the wind 
needs a distraction 
i dont want to wonder if this is a blunder 
my heart sings when i think of you 
wants to draw a giant chalk mural 
has a new obsession 
think for yourself , question authority 
leather axe does NOT smell like leather at all 
has decided to stop eating meat 
smells the smelly smell of something that smells smelly 
who would win in a fight : R . < PROPFIRST > Ermey or < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? i say R . < PROPFIRST > Ermey 
what kind of magic spell to use ? 
will be there for you as the world falls down 
is bummed 
can't remember 
is toasty 
had fun at the navy ball and watching old disney movies 
needs a lizard with a ladder 
here we go 
itches 
had crazy dreams last night 
is ready to get these damn drainage tubes out 
will teach your grandmother to suck eggs 
has had a good few days ... feeling better ! 
You are entering the realm which is unusual . Maybe it's magic or contains some kind of monster . The second one . Prepare to enter ... The Scary Door 
is a very lucky lady 
happy winter solstice 
is addicted to < PROPFIRST > kart on n64 
with < PROPMALE>'s help we beat special cup on extra ... for those of you who dont know on extra all the courses are backwards .... it was a proud moment for bowser 
is a redshell bandit 
had an awesome time in topeka 
is a shrub nugget 
loves the < PROPFEMALE > traveler 
this is just between me and you ... smashed hat 
is not made of tofu 
if you hear any noise its just me and my boys 
loves muffins :) 
can't wait to see how it ends 
Tigger is no longer the smelliest animal in the land 
Some of the greater things in life are unseen , that why you close your eyes when you kiss , cry , or dream ... 
Just saw one gnarly skullet 
Loves < PROPMALE > 
Giggles at muddy feet 
Is a sack of potatos 
At old chicago for < PROPMALE>'s birthday 
Loves seeing mullets 
Would you rather be made out of chocolate or cheese ? 
which is better : pineapple or mandarin oranges 
rocks and birds and trees and things 
Tigger enjoys the small turkey in life 
\money can't buy life \"" 
all pickles are created equal 
may or may not contain filler 
futurama tonight ! finally !!! 
had a good day 
\He enjoys true leisure who has time to improve his soul's estate\ " \ 
loves surprise visits from an old friend 
food for thought : which of your friends would make the best jerky ? 
really wish i had some strawberries to put on my pancakes ... and bacon 
has a typewriter :) 
its all floopty loops and friberty gibit 
i love drag queens 
nothing like 311's transistor in the morning to put you in a good mood 
had fun at the zoo with < PROPMALE > 
is officially a certified dog trainer 
\law creates crime \"" 
hazaa for the fall equinox 
wish i could just stay in my dreams 
damn .. it feels good to be a gangsta 
knowledge is power , awareness is truth 
\they eat potato chips right ? \ " \ " probably .... they eat garbage\ " hahaha opossums " 
aw < PROPMALE > made dinner ... and it was glorious 
when you sleep , where do your fingers go ? 
warning the show you are about to see contains a violent reenactment of a prehistoric fight 
no one is asking you to smell it 
i have satisfied my craving for crab legs and it was good 
hey you pumpkins on my porch ... you're lumpy and you smell awful 
has started the baby scrapbook 
i have a mole ? 
adalaide loves pears 
loves her baby's daddy 
every time i call a bingo number my soul dies a little 
needed : individuals with beliefs in Buddhism , Hinduism , Islam , Christanity , Atheist or Agnostic , Judaism , Pagan and any other religion not listed , for an interview 
giant farts make me feel jet powered 
i'll see your 3 doritos , and i'll raise you 2 funions 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
eat , sleep , fart 
happy winter solstice ! 
facebook is not a substitute for any kind of friendship 
you'll shoot your eye out kid 
had a dream i went to a pet store that sold mini armadillos 
has nothing to do for new years 
i miss my bed 
everyone send good energy to little adalaide and keep her cooking 
bleeding has pretty much stopped , heart beat is good and she's moving just fine ... keep those good vibes flowin 
what do you want me to do , dress in drag and do the hula ? 
has just finished crocheting her first potholder booyah 
nothing makes a day better than taking a really good poop 
adalaide is doing the fffsalad dance 
what a rough morning , thanks mama for getting me a puke bucket 
thanks to everyone who attended the baby shower ! it was fun ! 
apparently all it takes is a good nights sleep to be able to fart again 
really wants to go on a snow adventure 
is tired of being a fat swollen tick 
so i guess all this bed rest paid off , the placenta moved so now we don't have to have a c-section wooo ! 
missing old friends 
had a dream i stole < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s station wagon , after leaving a party at a strip club with < PROPFIRST > deniro and < PROPFIRST > walken 
grape poptarts .... as weird as it sounds 
happy 311 day !!!!!!! turn up those 311 tunes ! - goals for the day : write essay and induce labor so we can have a 311 baby 
