I just read the other day that Alabama is closing in on being the fattest state in < PROPFEMALE > , Mississippi is still #1 . You know what I say to that ? What a disgrace ! Let's be like Colorado and be the skinniest state in the USA ! Fried foods and laziness is th 

listening to one of my old favorites , a singer named Shania Twain , lol . 
< PROPFIRST > Mayer , famous for his meats has died at 95 . That is some good meat too . 
I don't know about any of you people , but I think Los < PROPFEMALE > is going to burn to the ground . 
< PROPFIRST > Jones and < PROPFIRST > Ingram have been reinstated by the NCAA . So , they will play this Saturday , thank goodness ! Lets beat Tech !!! 
If any of you big football fans did not stay up until 12:30 last night , you missed a big fight at the end of the Boise State vs . Oregon game . One guy from the Oregon team threw a punch and hit a Boise State player in the jaw right next to his lip . Then as the Oregon team was walking out , the same player tried to fight a Boise State fan . Anyway , I just want to say to this lunatic , IT IS JUST A GAME , GROW UP !!! 
By the way the score to that game was Boise State 19 Oregon 8 . Very wild game , but I'm proud of Boise State . 
My game predictions for this Saturday : Alabama 28 VA Tech 17 ; Auburn 35 LA Tech 21 . 
I watched the Tulane vs . Tulsa game , actually a pretty good game . Also , there were no fights after the game , THANK GOODNESS ! Hopefully tomorrow there will be no fights . 
My upset game pick for tomorrow : Oklahoma vs . BYU . I predict the score will be : BYU 20 Oklahoma 19 . I believe Lavell Edwards will be looking down from the skies at his team beating the Sooners . 
Alabama 34 VA Tech 24 , great game ! SEC ! SEC ! SEC ! And I got my upset prediction right as well : BYU 14 Oklahoma 13 , I predicted BYU would win ! But , I really hope that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > gets better , that was a horrible thing that happened , but I know that whenever he gets to play again , he will do great ! 
I listened to the Alabama game on the radio , and during the first half it was a bit dismal . But , the second half we cranked things up ! Richardson scored 2 TD's , he was the highlight player of the game in my book ! Our defense did very well too ! We got North Texas next week , and it WILL be on tv believe it or not ! Lets support the Tide ! Roll Tide !!! 
I just went to scout.com, and Tennessee has picked some big time recruits for the Class of 2010 . I don't know about anybody else , but I believe < PROPFIRST > Kiffin is doing it the wrong way . Get ready for some very harsh NCAA penalties , they are coming !!! 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who do mind don't matter and those who do matter don't mind . - Dr. Seuss 
Hateful to me as the gates of Hades is that man who hides one thing in his heart and speaks another . - < PROPMALE > ( Author of the Illiad and the Odyssey ) 
I watched the Alabama vs . North Texas game today , and it was a great game ! Our offense and defense really put up the < PROPFIRST > today . This was another game where we got to dig deep in the depth chart , and the second and third string players did not disappoint ! Lets get ready for Arkansas next week and Roll Tide !!! 
I was very shocked and surprised when I looked at college football's AP Poll for this coming week . The Washington Huskies are #24 , they were 0-12 last year and they are only 2-1 this year . But , I look at it this way , any team that steps out onto that field and upsets USC like that , that team earns a spot in the Top 25 AP Poll . I believe Washington could be something very special in the near future . 
I will become a grown man in a week . The big 21 ! Man , how time flies . Sometimes I think about all the bad and good I have done in my life . And good and bad things that has happened to me , but I want to tell you all something . It is by the Grace of God that I am alive today !!! To live 21 years , God must have kept me here for a purpose !!! I have a loving GOD !!! 
Bama played another great game . We put a lot of pressure on the quarterback and we showed a lot of consistency and < PROPFEMALE > on both sides of the ball . We got Kentucky next week , lets show support for our Tide . Roll Tide Roll !!! 
I watched the Alabama game today , and the defense did ok without Hightower , but I have noticed a huge difference on the chemistry of the defense . We allowed 20 points in this game , the most of the season . We won and I will take it , but Ole Miss will be a tough one . Defense has to improve !!! Offense did their part , which was good . Lets support Bama next week against Ole Miss , Roll Tide !!! 
24 actually against VA Tech was the most ... but we have to improve on the D . 
Alabama did great tonight , they played great defense ! < PROPFIRST > Ingram got over 240 yards , carrying most of Alabama's offense ! But there is no question , we have to improve . We have Tennessee next week , so Bama fans lets support our Tide !!! Rammer Jammer Yellow Hammer Give'em Hell Alabama !!!!! ;) 
Well , Alabama won by the skin of their teeth , but WE ARE VERY FORTUNATE . My MVP award goes to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > for blocking 2 Tennessee FGs . People say this game was very controversial , but here's how I look at it : if the officials do not call the penalty on excessive celebration or taking off the helmet during a live play when the clock is running out , we automatically win the game . 
Alabama fans lets support our Tide Nov . 7 against LSU , and lets hope and pray that we win the game , it will be another < PROPMALE > hurdle in SEC play , and a < PROPMALE > recruiting factor . I'm still breathing a heavy sigh of relief from the Tennessee game ! 
Hawks vs . Pacers tomorrow night !!! Let's go Atlanta Hawks , the big tipoff begins at 6pm on Fox Sports South . GO HAWKS !!! 
My Atlanta Hawks beat the Indiana Pacers 120-109 tonight ! GO HAWKS !!! My Hawks will play the Washington Wizards this Friday night ! 
My Hawks won again , 100-89 over the Washington Wizards , 2-0 baby !!! We play the Los < PROPFEMALE > Lakers Sunday night at 8:30 . GO HAWKS !!! Big game ! 
Hawks defeated the Trailblazers last night in Portland 97-91 ! We needed revenge from the LA Lakers loss , and we got it ! Lets continue the revenge tonight against the Sacramento Kings in Sacramento ! The game will be on Sportsouth at 9pm . 
The Hawks won again in the West against the Sacramento Kings 113-105 ! So , we have won 2 out of 3 in the West . Next game will be against the < PROPFEMALE > Bobcats in < PROPFEMALE > . I hope we keep the winning streak going . GO HAWKS !!! 
Alabama is SEC West Champs !!! Looks like we meet again Florida ! Also , Alabama after the game gets a huge 5-star commitment from S < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > from Greensboro , NC ! Roll Tide ! Lets get Mississippi State at Starkville next week ! Roll Tide !!! 
My Hawks win again beating the < PROPMALE > Nuggets 125-100 ! Huge win ! We got revenge from the < PROPFEMALE > Bobcat loss . Next game will be at New York , 5-2 now . GO HAWKS !!! 
So , I have heard about this 2012 movie ... And according to the Mayan Calendar , the world will end on Dec . 24 , 2012 . Ok ... am I really going to believe that some idol worshipping indian tribe's calendar's prediction is going to really happen . Give me a break !!! The only thing I will believe is God's word , and only God knows when the end of the world will come . 
My Hawks beat the Celtics 97-86 !!! VERY HUGE WIN !!! Also , the other night we beat the Knicks 114-101 ! Now we are 7-2 , GO HAWKS !!! Big win on the road , now 4-2 this season in road games . 
Well , Alabama beat Mississippi State 31-3 , Roll Tide !!! Offense and defense did a phenominal job ! Also , My Atlanta Hawks got another win against the New Orleans Hornets 121-98 ! Go Hawks !!! Now that's getting the job done !!! 
My Atlanta Hawks won last night 99-95 in OT against the Portland Trailblazers , this game was very wild . But , our determination strictly focused on offensive rebounding and playing hard nosed defense which resulted in a hard fought win . Now that's getting the job done !!! GO HAWKS ! We play the Miami Heat Wednesday night , we are 9-2 which is tied for the best record in the NBA with the Phoenix Suns . 
My Atlanta Hawks beat the Miami Heat 105-90 ! We are 10-2 , and best in the Eastern Conference ! Now that's getting the job done ! And still tied with the Phoenix Suns , we play the < PROPMALE > Rockets friday night ! GO HAWKS !!! 
My Atlanta Hawks win another one 105-103 over the < PROPMALE > Rockets ! We have won 7 games in a row !!! GO HAWKS ! Now that's getting the job done ! We have the best record in the NBA !!! 11-2 now ! Tomorrow night , we play the New Orleans Hornets in the Big Easy . 
Well , Alabama won big today , but we need to really work on preventing these CARELESS penalties . Well , lets get ready for the Auburn game on Friday . Roll Tide !!! 
Well my Tide won 26-21 , a very wild game , but I'll take the win ! Florida next week in the SEC Championship ! Lets give them hell this year . Can I hear a Roll Tide people !!! 
My Hawks finally broke their 2-game losing skid , beating the 76ers of Philadelphia 100-86 ! GO HAWKS !!! We play the Detroit Pistons Sunday afternoon . We are now 12-4 . 
The other night , the Atlanta Hawks beat the Toronto Raptors : 146-115 . That is the most points the Hawks have scored in a game all season . We play the NY Knicks tomorrow night ! GO HAWKS !!! We are 13-5 now ! 
The big game is tomorrow and regardless of who wins Roll Tide !!! My scoring prediction : #2 Alabama 20 #1 Florida 17 . Personally , I think Tebow is overrated and Urban Meyer can get cocky sometimes , but Florida is Florida ... Anyway , Roll Tide Roll !!! 
Alabama is the 2009 SEC Champions !!! ROLL TIDE !!! 32-13 . All this hype about Tebow(how the mighty has fallen) ! Next stop , PASADENA BABY !!! WE WILL PARTY LIKE IT'S 1992 !!!!! 
Last night , the Atlanta Hawks defeated the < PROPFIRST > Mavericks 80-75 . We really needed this win ! This was a very wild and tense game . I was amazed at the determination of the Hawks . We did not give up and we kept fighting all the way through . Great win Hawks !!! 
Tonight , the Atlanta Hawks defeated the Chicago Bulls 118-83 ! What a game this turned out to be . Everyone on the Hawk's bench scored , even the big fellas that hardly ever gets to play scored ! GO HAWKS !!! 15-6 now ! We play the Toronto Raptors Friday . 
< PROPFIRST > Ingram is the 2009 Heisman Trophy winner !!! Roll Tide !!! It is the first time in Alabama football history we have had this happen . 
I failed to mention that the Atlanta Hawks beat the Chicago Bulls last night 111-89 . Go Hawks , we are 16-6 now ! 
Watched basketball and football all day , and saw a couple of unexpected upsets along the way . I even watched my Atlanta Hawks lose , but they gave a heck of a ball game . They rebounded well , and they did not give up . All my teams lost , but heck I'll stay loyal and have faith ! 
The Atlanta Hawks got their 20th win this season by beating the Minnesota Timberwolves 112-87 tonight . We are 20-7 now , GO HAWKS !!! Lets win some more games ! 
Lets never take Christ out of CHRISTmas , because Jesus is the reason we celebrate such a world known holiday today . Everyone I hope you have a wonderful < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and a Happy New Year ! From me to you ! :) 
Urban Meyer will step down as Head Coach of Florida after Sugar Bowl . 
I hope everyone has a great 2011 . What good and bad things will happen this year ? Only the good Lord knows . My biggest wish for this year is that our economy will greatly improve and that people who are still unemployed will get a job . 
Roll Tide ! Capital One Bowl Champs !!! 
Alabama is the 2009 National Champions !!! I've waited and waited for this moment for years and by golly we did it ! ROLL TIDE !!! #13 baby and don't forget it !!!!!! 
The U.S. Army All-American Bowl is on Saturday ! I can't wait to see who some of the highly touted recruits will be choosing to play football ! Roll Tide Roll !!! 
My Atlanta Hawks beat the Boston Celtics again ! We are now 3-0 against them this season , 2-0 at Boston , 1-0 at home ! I think it's pretty darn good to be 3-0 against a perennial powerhouse like Boston . GO HAWKS !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Kiffin leaves Tennessee and goes to coach USC . And of course daddy goes with him ... I swear his dad will bail him out of anything . < PROPFIRST > knew Tennessee will get probation ! 
The Atlanta Hawks win their 25th game of the season by beating the Washington Wizards 94-82 . We are 25-13 and 2nd in our division . GO HAWKS !!! 
My Atlanta Hawks barely win by the skin of their teeth 102-101 over the Phoenix Suns with a 3-point buzzer beater by < PROPMALE > Crawford ! GO HAWKS !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Coakley ( D ) for Massachusetts Senate ! 
Well , it looks like Brown is going to get the Senate seat in Massachusetts . Well , all I got to say is disaster here we come ... 
I got a feeling that Auburn is going to do better in recruiting than Alabama ... But , we got the depth we need and the experience . Roll Tide everyone ! 
My Atlanta Hawks have won their 30th game of this season by beating the Boston Celtics 100-91 ! That is 4 times in a row this season ! < PROPMALE > so , I would like to congratulate < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Horford for making the 2010 NBA < PROPMALE > l-Star Game in Dallas , TX ! GO HAWKS !!! 
A < PROPFEMALE > n olympic luger dies right near the finish line on his bobsled in the winter olympic trials . I know one thing , the former Soviet Republic of < PROPFEMALE > has had enough tragedies . Things do indeed go \out of control\ " over in that country . " 
I may not have a < PROPFIRST > , but Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all of you . Also , I hope you all have a blessed day . 
My Atlanta Hawks have won their 35th game this season by beating the Utah Jazz 105-100 ! GO HAWKS !!! ( First time sweeping the Jazz in a season since ' 93 ) 
My Atlanta Hawks win their 40th game of the season by beating the < PROPFEMALE > State Warriors 127-122 ( About 8 guys got in double figures on the Hawks roster ) . This was a hard fought revenge game ! GO HAWKS !!! 
I filled my NCAA bracket on paper and I have West < PROPFEMALE > winning it all . Also , I have the following teams on my Final Four : Kansas , Syracuse , West < PROPFEMALE > , and Villanova . 
Done lost my first prediction of the NCAA Tournament ( Notre Dame vs . Old Dominion ) . What an upset ! 
BYU got Florida , and BYU's Fredette scores 37 points ! Got this prediction right ! 
Villanova beats < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in overtime , what a game ! Got this one right ! Villanova was one of my Final Four teams . 
Another heartbreaking loss in the NCAA Tournament . < PROPMALE > State beats Vanderbilt by 1 point on a buzzer beating shot . My second prediction loss by a 1 point margin . 
I believe the biggest shocker that happened in the NCAA Tournament is when Ohio beat Georgetown . That game hurt my bracket quite a bit ! And to think Ohio was a #9 seed in the < PROPMALE > Tourney ! At least I still have my Final Four right . 
My predictions for today's games went a lot better today . No huge upsets so far ! 
Looks like St. Mary's will beat Villanova . This is a big blow to my bracket ! Oh how the upsets continue . 
A lot of people's brackets are probably hanging in the balance . 
KANSAS LOSES !! 
\Grandstand Oppose Postpone . \ " Representative < PROPFIRST > Markey of Massachusetts could not have said it better ... " 
My Atlanta Hawks win their 45th game of this season by beating the San < PROPFIRST > Spurs 119-114 ! They have clinched a spot in the playoffs . GO HAWKS !!! 
Been watching C-SPAN and it looks like everything is going the Democrat's way so far ! This is the greatest victory for us ! We have been tired of the delays , and years of struggles with our healthcare system ! Democrats = Hope AND Republicans = Nope !!! Again , the word I have been wanting to hear for months V-I-C-T-O-R-Y !!! 
HR 4872 passes in the House . This is the second reconciliation < PROPMALE > of the health care < PROPMALE > which was redone by the Senate . This is another V-I-C-T-O-R-Y for the Democrats ! 
IT IS FINISHED . HAPPY EASTER TO ALL PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLD ! 
oI just watched the Braves opening day game and I just want to say that game was probably the best opening day game I have ever watched ! The pitchers especially did a fantastic job ! In my opinion , < PROPFIRST > Wagner is the best closer the Braves could have got in years ! Also , he threw some of the fastest pitches that I saw all game . And Heyward and McCann did a great job ! 16-5 Braves !!! 
My Atlanta Braves win again ... I just wish the Hawks would learn to FINISH a road game , turnovers ... turnovers ... turnovers !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Cox gets tossed out of the game for the 154th time in his career in his final season as Braves manager . Does not surprise me ... 
And the Braves lose ... 
Some people want to talk to you , some people will not ... I guess sometimes it shows who your real friends are ... 
I watched the Braves game a few hours ago , and I just want to say what happened ?! By the 8th inning it look liked they just quit trying . But , I will give my congratulations to the Giant's pitcher , struck out like 10 of our guys . I hope we do better against the Padres ... 
My Atlanta Hawks finish the season 53-29 ! Tonight , they beat the < PROPMALE > Cavaliers 99-83 . Still wondering who they will play in the 1st Round of the NBA Playoffs . Also , I want to congratulate the rookie < PROPMALE > Teague for scoring 24 points , and had like 12 assists . GO HAWKS !!! 
Alabama gets 2 huge commitments before the spring game started . #1 Ha'Sean Clinton-Dix out of Florida , and #12 DE LaMicheal Fanning out of Auburn ! Roll Tide ! 
Come on , let me show you where it's at . Ohhh come on , come on let me show you where it's at . The name of the place is \I like it like that !!! \ " Guess who wrote this song ? " 
Alabama gets another big commitment . This time out of the state of Tennessee , #10 CB Jabriel Washington . Roll Tide ! 
My Atlanta Hawks win the East 1st Round against the Milwaukee Bucks 4-3 . We will play the < PROPMALE > Magic in the next round . GO HAWKS !!! 
I want to personally congratulate the < PROPMALE > Magic for their great performance during this 4-game series . The Hawks were simply outdone by the Magic's 3-point shooting . The Hawks will have to make some good trades this summer and hopefully get a good rookie . Great season Hawks !!! 
I believe Lebron's days in < PROPMALE > are over . What do you people think ?? 
Well , today the Atlanta Hawks made the biggest mistake I believe they could have ever made . Today , they fired in my opinion the best basketball coach they had ever got in years . < PROPFIRST > Woodson in his 5-year span as head coach dramatically improved the Hawks regular season record from 13 wins his first season in Atlanta to 53 from this past season . I hope he finds another team to coach and I sincerely hope he does well . 
I believe < PROPMALE > Sparks will win the Democratic Primary tonight ! I've been watching the results so far and it has been looking good . All of you that voted today , we all did our duty as citizens ! Whoever voted for Sparks in the Primary , lets hope he gets the Democratic nomination as our Governor ! 
Alabama gets a huge commitment today . #3 ranked MLB in the country < PROPMALE > Depriest from Spingfield , Ohio . This is the 2nd commitment for Alabama from the state of Ohio . Roll Tide Roll !!! 
Today , California's Proposition 8 was overturned by a federal judge . This is a huge victory for same sex couples wanting to get married . This is a step in the right direction for marriage equality . If you asked me , this judge got this one right ! I am glad some people are coming around . Proposition 8 is \unconstitutional . \"" 
For all of you that wished me a happy birthday , thank you ! :) I'm so glad I have some friends that care ! :)) 
This November : VOTE DEMOCRAT . 
Alabama may have lost their game , but I truly believe everything happens for a reason . It was not meant for us to win this game apparently . We got all the < PROPFEMALE > and attention for over a year . Now I believe its another team's turn to get all the hype and < PROPFEMALE > . There are several good times out there that deserve a < PROPMALE > to be national title contenders . Who will it be ??? Only time will tell ... 
DADT of 1993 has been halted by a federal judge . Great news for the Democrats and the LGBT . 
There is a huge difference between ignorance and stupidity . I have seen a lot of things in life such as things on television and what people do around me . And I have always came up with the conclusion that I would rather be ignorant than stupid . Because ignorace is bliss and there is always something to learn everyday . I always try to learn from my mistakes . Stupidity never prospers ! 
Well , Alabama might have lost another game , but I knew from the get go that this game was going to be tough . And I want to tell every Alabama fan this . We will not win every game , so we need to quit whining about it . And another thing , I believe Cam < PROPMALE > is innocent and I believe this whole money thing with Mississippi State is out of jealousy and politics ... 
The Iron Bowl is 3 days away ! This will be the biggest and most exciting game in the nation in my opinion . And if Alabama wins or loses , I will still support my team no matter what . But I will say this , Cam < PROPMALE > is the best player I have ever seen in college football . He is better than < PROPMALE > Tebow , way better . I will support Cam to win the Heisman . 
I believe Cam < PROPMALE > rightfully deserves the Heisman Trophy . Anybody who goes through allegations like he has and carries their team through a season undefeated deserves the award . Also , < PROPFIRST > Chizik is a great coach , better than Tuberville . 
I am hoping by next week that the U.S. Senate can come up with some kind of compromise on the matter of the Bush-era tax cuts . Also , I am hoping people that are unemployed can get an extension . I am tired of seeing our Senators playing games when it comes to matters like this . It is just plain unacceptable ! 
The Repeal of DADT has passed in the Senate 65-31 . It now goes to the President for his signature . Big victory ! 
Jesus is the reason for the season ! 
Overall , I am pleased with what our 111th U.S. Congress has done over the last 2 years . I read in the paper that it was the most progress ever made by any Congress since the 1960s . Democrats saved our economy and our nation's reputation . Now , what our 112th Congress can do next year ? 
I just want to wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and also a Happy New Year . We are very fortunate to have such a privilege to celebrate Christmas . And we need to pray for all the families that are unemployed and especially unemployed families that have children . We take for granted that we can get presents and all the needs that can be fulfilled . God Bless ! 
We should always judge ourselves before we start judging others . Because we were all created equal and there is only one being that is perfect . And that being has always been there for me even though times seemed impossible . That being is in the HEART of every person that asks for their love . 
Back to the Future is one of the coolest movies I have ever seen . Great movie series ! It's been shown so much on satellite this year . It's all the rage since the movie series is celebrating its 25th anniversary . 
We may have a got some snow and some ice . But , it's nothing like 1993 or 1996 ... thank God for that ! 
Alabama has got a new Governor . The question is will he make Alabama's economy better ? < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > did a terrible job . He was probably the worst Governor in Alabama history . He killed many jobs and people's family's are having to face the burden and pain . I hope < PROPFIRST > Bentley lives up to his promises ... 
MLK I must say is one of the biggest heroes in the Civil Rights movement . He was a great man ! 
I am having a great night so far ! Alabama upsets #12 Kentucky . And the Atlanta Hawks beat the Miami Heat ! Roll Tide !!! GO HAWKS !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Bentley says that if you're not a Christian , you are not his brother or sister . Did he ever think about the 1st Amendment ?? Apparently not ... If he is going to run this state in that direction . He needs to step down as governor . One thing I cannot stand is discrimination . People should have the freedom to live their live the way they see fit . 
