Of course I am out of my mind .... It is dark and scary in there ! 

Caution ... No filter between Brain and Mouth ! 
\A word to the wise ain't necessary -- it's the stupid ones that need the advice . \"" 
Now that I have a FIRM grip on reality , I can now Strangle it . 
before you say something mean , you should walk a mile in their shoes ; that way you are a mile away and have their shoes ... 
Some people are like slinkies , they have little use except the smile they bring to your face when falling down a flight of stairs . 
\Sanity : that which is within the frame of reference of conventional thought . \"" 
“I can stand brute force , but brute reason is quite unbearable . There is something unfair about its use . It is hitting below the intellect . ” 
\Speak when you are angry -- and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret . \"" 
I NEVER said you did it ... I said I was going to BLAME you ... 
I am so wicked smart that I make wicked smart people look and feel stupid ... 
Really ... I have NEVER seen anybody so prone to Life-threatening IDIOCY .... 
No ! I won't go to hell ! I've got a restraining order ! 
. :: DARE To BE DIFFERENT :: . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! Anyone up for hanging out , having fun , and causing chaos this week ... Hit the CELL !!!!! You know who you are ! 
Nollaig < PROPFEMALE > Dhaoibh !!!! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
Wondering why strange guys are attempting to hit on me through Facebook ... talk about tacky and lame ... no class ... 
In the sphere of thought , absurdity and perversity remain the masters of the world , and their dominion is suspended only for brief periods 
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use .... 
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within . It is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes , extends and preserves . Its eternal goal is life . 
So Starstruck , Baby would you blow my heart up ? Groove , Slam , work it back , filter that , baby bump that track ... Baby now that we are alone got a request , would you make me number one on your playlist ? 
Plans tonight ... < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > , get tipsy ... possibly drunk call me guy and pray nothing imprompto spills out ... IF you Want me Hit Me up .... I am totally CELLing it today ... Have a safe NEW YRS < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Vanity and pride are different things , though the words are often used synonymously . A person may be proud without being vain . Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves , vanity to what we would have others think of us . 
If I came with a warning label , what would it read ? Be honest . 
The voice of intelligence ... is drowned out by the roar of fear . It is ignored by the voice of < PROPFEMALE > . It is contradicted by the voice of shame . It is biased by hate and extinguished by anger . Most of all it is silenced by ignorance . 
Never forget that you are one of a kind . If there weren't any need for you in all your uniqueness to be on this earth , you wouldn't be here in the first place . No matter how overwhelming life's challenges and problems seem to be , one person can make a difference in the world . In fact , it is always because of one person that all the changes that matter in the world come about . 
May I see God's light on the path ahead When the road I walk is dark . May I always hear , Even in my hour of sorrow , The gentle singing of the lark . When times are hard may hardness Never turn my heart to stone , May I always remember when the shadows fall— I do not walk alone 
May God give me ... For every storm , a rainbow , For every tear , a smile , For every care , a promise , And a blessing in each trial . For every problem life sends , A faithful friend to share , For every sigh , a sweet song , And an answer for each prayer . 
Here's to you and here's to me I pray that friends we'll always be , But if by < PROPMALE > we disagree , The heck with you and here's to me ! May those who love us love us . And those that don't love us , May God turn their hearts . And if He doesn't turn their hearts , May he turn their ankles , So we'll know them by their limping . 
Some may say the glass is half empty , Some may say the glass is half full , But the < PROPFEMALE > will forever say \Are you gonna drink that ? \"" 
As you slide down the banisters of life may the splinters never point the wrong way . 
A Challenge has been issued , well this is what I have to say ... YOU keep thinkin ' that you´ll never get burnt . Ha ! I just found me a brand new box of matches yeah ... These boots are made for walking , and that's just what they'll do ... one of these days these boots are gonna walk all over YOU . 
Just a second , It's my favorite song they're gonna play and I cannot text you with a drink in my hand , eh ? You shoulda made some plans with me , You knew that I was free . Sorry , I cannot hear you , I'm kinda busy , kinda busy ... 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE ... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Dumb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : cool as hell . 16 : Fly . 17 : Generous . 18 : Smart Ass 
I can't spell it out for you , it's never gonna be that simple . If you just realize what I just realized , then we'd be perfect for each other and will never find another . Just realize what I just realized we'd never have to wonder if we missed out on each other now . Take time to realize , I can't spell it out for you ... it's never that simple . 
There's an evolutionary imperative why we give a crap about our family and friends . And there's an evolutionary imperative why we don't give a crap about anybody else . If we loved all people indiscriminately , we couldn't function . 
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time , and still retain the ability to function . 
I'll try to slow things down and find myself , get my feet back on the ground . It'll take time . I know I'll be alright cause nothing much has changed on the inside . It's hard to figure out how it's gonna be cause I don't really know now . Maybe I will never be who I was before , maybe I don't even know her anymore . Or maybe who I am today ain't so far from yesterday . Can I find a way to be every part of me ? 
feel like I'm a million < PROPMALE > away from myself , more and more these days . I've been down so many open roads but they never lead me home . Now I just don't know who I really am , how it's gonna be . Is there something that I can't see ? I'll try to slow things down and find myself , get my feet back on the ground . It'll take time . I know I'll be alright cause nothing much has changed on the inside . 
Don't want your hand this time I'll save myself . Maybe I'll wake up for once . Not tormented daily defeated by you , just when I thought I'd reached the bottom . I'm going under , drowning in you . I'm falling forever I've got to break through . I'm going under . Blurring and stirring the truth and the lies . So I don't know what's real , what's not . Always confusing the thoughts in my head , so I can't trust myself anymore . 
\The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people . \"" 
There will be a time when loud-mouthed , incompetent people seem to be getting the best of you . When that happens , you only have to be patient and wait for them to self destruct . It never fails . 
Everyone is entitled to be stupid , but some abuse the privilege . 
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs , and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots . So far , the Universe is winning . 
If there are no stupid questions , then what kind of questions do stupid people ask ? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions ? 
This was on a sign At a railroad station : BEWARE ! TO TOUCH THESE WIRES IS INSTANT DEATH . ANYONE FOUND DOING SO WILL BE PROSECUTED . 
I think this tops it ... Road sign : CAUTION THIS SIGN HAS SHARP EDGES DO NOT TOUCH THE EDGES OF THIS SIGN . ALSO , THE BRIDGE IS OUT AHEAD . 
WTF !!! This is a classic ... On a restaurant door : WOMEN ARE NOT SERVED HERE . YOU HAVE TO BRING YOUR OWN .... Outside a secondhand shop : WE EXCHANGE ANYTHING -- BICYCLES , WASHING MACHINES , ETC . WHY NOT BRING YOUR WIFE ALONG AND GET A WONDERFUL BARGAIN ... 
Priceless I tell you ... On an office door somewhere : DR . JONES , VETERINARY MEDICINE AND TAXIDERMY . EITHER WAY , YOU GET YOUR DOG BACK . 
I LOVE it !!! At a zoo : PLEASE BE SAFE . DO NOT STAND , SIT , CLIMB OR < PROPFEMALE > ON ZOO FENCES . IF YOU FALL , ANIMALS COULD EAT YOU AND THAT MIGHT MAKE THEM SICK . THANK YOU . 
Happiness is a by-product . It is probably a matter of temperament , and for anything I know it may be glandular . But it is not something that can be demanded from life , and if you are not happy you had better stop worrying about it and see what treasures you can pluck from your own brand of unhappiness . 
It has defeniately been one of those weeks ... started a new job which is AWESOME !!! The house was in chaos due the carpeting fiasco ... water heater broke down so there was no hot water tueday night or yesterday morning ... been in a really Bitchy mood all week , those of you that felt my venom ... really sorry ... 
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched . They must be felt within the heart 
Long day ahead ... first < PROPFEMALE > / CPR training for six hours ... blah blah blah then off to my bestie's to get my hair done , dyeing my hair ... muwhahah 
woohoo ... dyed my hair ... not telling what color ... gonna haveta guess ... :P 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? \ 
I could really use a wish right now 
For those who don't know me , I can get a bit crazy . Understand , I can't be tamed , I can't be blamed , I can't be changed . I can't be tamed . If there is a question about my intentions , I'll tell you . I'm like a puzzle , all of my pieces are jagged . If you understand this , we can make some magic . I'm on like that . But if you try to hold me back I might explode . I can't be TAMED 
For those who don't know me I can get a bit crazy . I'm wired a different way . I'm not a mistake , not a fake . It's set in my DNA . Understand , I can't be tamed , can't be blamed , can't be changed . If there's a question about my intentions , I'll tell you . I'm like a puzzle , all of my pieces are jagged . If you understand this we can make magic . I'm on like that . If you try to hold me back I might explode . I can't be TAMED 
Don't let your mind wander - it's far too small to be let out on its own 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishin he could talk softly in her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND , and INSULT her , there's a man flirtin with her and remindin her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishin he could make sweet love to her . While you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing smiles from her . 
There are some people in this world who I would love to shove my foot up their ass so hard they would be crapping remains of my boot for the next decade or so ... 
Fuck it to hell and back , and damn it fuck me too .... 
I'm losing myself , trying to compete with everyone else instead of just being me . Don't know where to turn . I've been stuck in this routine . I need to change my ways . I'm quickly finding out I'm not about to break down . I always knew that I had all the strength to make it through . I'm not afraid . I'm finally waking up feeling beautiful . So you see , I believe in ME ... 
I'm the one who knows what's good for me . I'm stating my independence I'm only answering to me and that's the way it's gonna be . I decide how I live . Choice is mine and NO one gets to make my mind up . I'm taking my own chances and I'm finding my own answers . I'm the one who's runnin ' my life . Don't think you're ever gonna hold me down . I decide . 
Don't let the smile fool you ... you might miss the bright shiny horns and my tail carefully tucked away ... 
Warning for today ! I am smiling and been doing some thinking ... this should scare you ... all hell could break loose ... 
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof was to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools or worse , idiots ... 
~ I'll run over your attitude , It sucks . ~ 
~ Why don't you lay out two lines of your selfishness , which is your blow , draw the shades , take the phone off the hook , grab a straw , and snort ! ~ 
~ Insanity runs in my family . It practically gallops . ~ 
You act like I don't have a clue . You think you know it all but I'm so onto you . You think you've figured out just how to win this game . I won't give up just like that . Don't gimme that face when you know I'm really down for the < PROPMALE > . I'm never gonna quit it when you finally gonna get it . You think I'm losin ' but I always get my way . 
~ I love argument , I love debate . I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me , that's not their job ~ 
~ Being powerful is like being a lady . If you have to tell people you are , you aren't . ~ 
~ Everytime you smile at someone , it is an action of love , a gift to that person , a beautiful thing . ~ 
So despite familiar warnings , irresistible promise draws my eyes wide open and away from domestic comfort zones , with only certain inquiry , hope and faith to recommend my course . I'll never know until I try . The blissful frailty of unwritten conclusions and unguarded access sweetens the < PROPFEMALE > . 
~ Faith is to believe what you do not see ; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe . ~ 
I'm on the verge of stepping into a rabbit hole ; unless I stop short and play it safe , I'll know soon enough where following my own feet has landed me on this curious temptestous venture . 
I'm more than just an option , refuse to be forgotten ... I'm more than just a number , I doubt you'll find another , I'll be the one you remember . You hear but you aren't listening . You better pay attention and get what you've been missing ... 
Beware : Do not trifle with dragons , for ye are small and crunchy and taste good juicy medium rare . 
I'm the one who knows what's good for me . I'm only answering to me and that's the way it's gonna be . I decide how I live . Choice is mine and NO one gets to make my mind up . I'm taking my own chances and I'm finding my own answers . I'm the one who's runnin ' my life . Don't think you're ever gonna hold me down . I decide . 
Beware : Do not trifle with dragons , for ye are small and crunchy and taste good medium rare . 
\Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass . It's about learning to dance in the rain . \"" 
I consider myself lucky and blessed to be alive . I nearly had a head on collision with a drunk driver last night as he was driving on MY side of the road . I spun out to avoid him and ended up a foot away from a drainage ditch ... please don't take anything for granted in life . That especially includes the people in your life , you never know what may happen ... 
For those of you that don't know , my < PROPFEMALE > Jitters is 17 yrs old and has been with me since I was 10 years old . This weekend he had a stroke with caused him to temporarly lose control of the left half of his body . There is little we can do for him , he is recovering slowly but steadly and isnt in any discomfort or pain . I as ... k that those of you that know me and my < PROPFEMALE > to please say a small prayer for him . 
Lord , < PROPMALE > me the power the change the things I can , accept the things I can’t , and the power to ignore the dumbasses that surround me 
Do me a favor , please fuck yourself , yank yourself off or something and come back with a better disposition .... Get the sand out of your vaginia ... It is not the serious ... 
Be patient with each other , make allowances for each other's faults . Please don't take anything or ANYONE for granted in life . You never know what may happen ... life has a way of being unpredictable ... 
My perceptions are sharp , balanced and reasonable and guide my decision or support a position free from momentary distraction or impulse . I choose to protect emotional vulnerabilities without compromising virtue , reputation , or principles . I try to practice self control but I know that denial can't hide truth forever . 
FML ! FML ! FML ! Try to be nice , try to play by < PROPFEMALE > rules and you snap off on me when I needed < PROPFEMALE > understanding ... Do me a favor , yank that stick out of < PROPFEMALE > arse , yank < PROPFEMALE > self off and come back with a better disposition .... While < PROPFEMALE > at it , Get the sand out of your vagina ... News Flash : It isn't just about you ... GET OVER YERSELF ... 
I believe that everything happens for a reason . People change so that you can learn to let go . Things go wrong so that you can appreciate them when they are right . You believe lies so that you eventually learn to trust noone but yourself , and sometimes good things fall apart so that better things can come together 
The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable , unhappy , or unfulfilled . For it is only in such moments , propelled by our discomfort , that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers . 
--- To speak before you think is like wiping your ass before you shit ! -- 
Never argue with an idiot . They will only bring you down to their level then beat you with experience ... 
There certain things that should be left unsaid . I am on your side . I can't spell it out for you . It's never gonna be that simple . This all can pass you by . If you just realize what I just realized , we'd be perfect for each other and we'll never find another . We'd never have to wonder if we missed out on each other . It's not the same if you don't feel it too . 
Excuse me , do you have a GPS tracker .... I am lost somewhere between I don't care and who gives a Damn .... 
The sun is out and my mind is clear and a weight has been lifted ... Change is necessary , without it , there would be no progress , no rebirth , no anticipation . Nothing's lost that can't be found again .. Time and space has been good and like the weather , my mind is clear and not ruled by emotions surfacing from the past . 
what a night , what a day ... my body aches , tired , exhausted and my memory is fuzzy and sketchy at best . Def a WTF happened moment ..... to any of you that got drunk texted last night ... SORRY !! I was OUT of it !! 
My biggest fear is getting to the end of my path , turning around to find myself alone ... that no one will notice I am gone or I was even there . That I will not be missed by others , I'll be overlooked and forgotten about . I'll simply fade into the background , un-noticed , undetected and I just won't matter to others ; what I think , how I feel , nothing 
I just want to be wanted , needed and missed ... Things seem simple , suddenly , so far out of reach . Hoping you see the underneath . I can't spell it out for you . Never gonna be that simple . I'm just an ordinary woman . I get scared , I feel ignored . I choke on my own words . I feel happy , I get silly . I make wishes , I have dreams . 
If you are gonna be riding on my ass ... can you PLEASE pull my hair as well ? 
Please , Don't let your mind wander - it's far too small to be let out on its own ..... You should never underestimate the predictability of stupidity ... 
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority , but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane . 
Everyone has an asshole ... problem is when you are surrounded by other assholes , shit starts to stink .... and To speak before you think is like wiping your ass before you shit ! -- 
We all want to be a part of a greater picture . We all want to believe in something , bigger than just us . I want to see beyond my own little world and see the world with perfect clarity . 
When a great moment knocks on the door of your life , it is often no louder than the beating of your heart and it is very easy to miss it . 
The human person is a threshold where many infinities meet . 
At work .. Sick as a dog ... feel as if Death has warmed up .... someone please do me a favor and take me out , end my misery ... 
Prison gates won't open up for me and all I do is reach for you . I'm terrifed of these four wall , these iron bars can not hold my soul ... All I need is you . Heavens gates won't open up for me with these broken wings , and I'm falling .. And all I see is you , all I scream for you ... 
\Finish each day and be done with it . You have done what you could . Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in ; forget them as soon as you can . Tomorrow is a new day ; begin it well and serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense . \"" 
There are days in which I wish I could shrink myself into a small < PROPFEMALE > ball and disappear ... this being one of those days .... too many questions floating around in my mind and completely void of any answers ... just more questions ... Just wish my mind would clear out ... 
We face tomorrow as we say goodbye to yesterday . A chapter ending but the story's just begun ... too many questions floating around in my head and completely void of any answers ... just more questions ... Wish my mind would clear out ... 
If God sends you down a stony path , may he give you strong shoes . May the blessing of light be on you— light without and light within . May the blessed sunlight shine on you and warm your heart till it glows like a great peat fire . 
Love is always patient and kind ; love is never boastful or conceited ; it is never rude or selfish ; it does not take offense , and it is not resentful . Love is always ready to excuse , to trust , to hope and to endure what ever comes ... Perfect love casts out all fears 
' Facts are stubborn things ; and whatever may be our wishes , our inclinations , the dictates of our passions , they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence\ " , 201 0-0 8-29 21:11:00 " 
~ Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet . Only through experiences of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened , vision cleared , ambition inspired and success achieved . ~ 
My soul is hurting right now ... plagued with topsy turvy dreams , dreams of the impossible , laughing at me and taunting me ... nothing makes sense right now . I feel so lost and confused , more so than before , pulled in every which direction ... not sure which way to go ... 
We face tomorrow as we say goodbye to yesterday . A chapter is ending but the story's just begun . 
Life puts up a fight with me but I can take on anything . I'm gonna make it real , this dream I believe in . So I might slip again , let it in now and then . That won't mean anything , I'm still good . Trying to be my best when I fall in some mess . Pick myself up again , I'm still good . 
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth , but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on . 
Sometimes it's hard lookin ' at yourself . You'd rather place the blame then point it your own way . No one is perfect . No one's the same we've all got problems that we haven't faced . The challenges will make you strong . Don't put them off for too long . You gotta know yourself to be yourself . 
Why don't you slam your head against a wall until something useful comes out .... 
Without order nothing can exist - without chaos nothing can evolve . 
I am NOT weird , it is called having a PERSONALITY .... if you don't have one , GET one ! 
You're so vain , I bet you think this status is about you ... 
Ever close your eyes , ever stop and listen . Ever feel alive and you've nothing missing . You don't need a reason , let the day go on and on . Everywhere around you . Give into it now . Let the day surround you . Every summer sun . Every winter evening . Every spring to come . Every autumn leaving . You don't need a reason . Let it all go on and on . 
We face tomorrow as we say goodbye to yesterday . A chapter ending but the stories only just begun . A < PROPFEMALE > is turning for everyone . Always knew after all these years , there'd be laughter , there'd be tears . It's so hard to say goodbye . I'm so thankful for the moments . I'll hold you in my heart forever , I'll always remember you . 
Change is necessary , without it , there would be no progress , no rebirth , no anticipation . 
I was in the express < PROPFIRST > at the store quietly fuming . Completely ignoring the sign , the lady in front of me slipped in line pushing a cart piled high with groceries . Imagine my delight when the cashier beckoned the woman forward , looked at the cart and asked sweetly \So which SIX items would you like to buy ? \"" 
The best changes often start as single , simple thoughts . Think big , and discover how to make your dreams real . 
\You can't help that . We're all mad here . \"" 
People are like stained-glass windows . They < PROPFEMALE > and shine when the sun is out , but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within . 
\An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind . \"" 
Big egos are big shields for lots of empty space . 
Someone's boring me . I think it's me . Nope , I was wrong ... It's You ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is not a matter of < PROPMALE > but of choice . Not something to wish for but to attain . 
If I am not myself , who will be ? 
Look at your status . Now back to mine . Back to yours . Now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down . Back up . Where are You ? You're on FaceBook , reading the status your status could be like ! Anything IS possible when your FB status looks like mine . 
You should never underestimate the predictability of stupidity . 
It was a rhetorical question ! What have I told you about thinking ? 
Thank you to everyone for your Birthday Wishes ... it was a lovely day ... 
Our duty is clear : It is to serve the public with skill and character and to exercise the First Admendment freedoms with vigor and responsibility . 
\What is tolerance ? It is the consequence of humanity . We are all formed of frailty and error ; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly - that is the first law of nature . \"" 
Abandon all hope , ye who enter here ... Turn Back while ye still can .... 
Oh , you're not yourself today ... I noticed the IMPROVEMENT immediately ! 
Rise up , speak out , don't let anyone put you down . 
Help me to remember that when I am having a really bad day and it seems people are trying to upset me that is takes 42 muscles to frown and only 4 to extend my middle finger and tell them to BITE ME ! 
God please < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I can not change , the courage to change the things I can not accept , and the wisdon to hide the bodies of those people I had to kill today because they pissed me off .... 
\In life people always will talk about you and try to knock you down . However you have the power to let it go in one ear and out the other and you have the ability to stand on your own two feet . It just depends on when you decide to use those powers . \"" 
Is is utter and shear madness I tell you ! 
Depends on where you want to get to , it really doesn't matter which way you go ... Most everyone's mad here . Some go this way , and some go that way . You may have noticed that I'm not all there myself ... but as for me , myself , personally , I prefer the short-cut . 
Why does everybody always shake their head when they look at me and then look away ? 
If tissue companies decided to put allergies in the tissues on purpose everyone using a tissue would have to use more and more tissues ! It would be a great marketing strategy and people would pay more and more money for more and more tissues ! 
Thinking is the hardest work there is , which is the probable reason so few engage in it . 
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt . 
Investing time in yourself is the only safe investment that will give you maximum return throughout life . 
Develop an attitude of gratitude and give thanks for everything that happens to you , knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation . 
Success & Excuses do not Walk Together . If you have Excuses , Forget about Success & if you want Success , do not give Excuses ! 
There are times that I'd underestimated both the grief and goodness found in something new . Where one thing dies , something else can be created . 
Looking back on the things that found me , places that I'd never choose . The same things that both haunt and heal , my demons and my muse . There are times that I'd underestimated both the grief and goodness found in something new . Where one thing dies , something else can be created . Though it's truth you find , it's innocence you lose . 
The greatest problem of most human beings , is that we listen half , we understand quarter , we think zero , we react double and remember forever ! 
Just hanging by a moment ... Desperate for changing , starving for truth . I'm closer to where I started . Letting go of all I've held on to , I'm standing here until you make me move . I'm living for the only thing I know . I'm running and not quite sure where to go . I don't know what I'm diving into . Just hanging by a moment . 
Life puts up a fight with me , but I can take on anything . I might slip again , let it in now and then . That won't mean anything , I'm still good . Trying to be my best , when I fall in some mess . I pick myself up again , I'm still good . I'm not gonna give up . 
We like to hear what other people \ 
have to say about us , However , what is most important \ 
is what we have to say about ourselves . 
Everyone may not be good . But , there’s always something good in everyone . \ 
Never judge anyone shortly , Because Every Saint has a Past & every Sinner has a Future 
If you think you might be crazy , that's either a really good thing , or a really bad thing . 
Who indeed can harm you if you are committed deeply to doing what is right ? 
Just because you can , doesn't mean you should ! 
Don't tell people how to do things , \ 
tell them what to do and let them \ 
surprise you with their results . 
The one who compares you with others is not aware of your worth . Because the indication of sincerity arises from the concept of you being matchless . 
When defeat comes , accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound , \ 
rebuild those plans , and set sail once more toward your coveted goal . 
We need to find God , and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness . God is the friend of silence . See how nature - trees , flowers , grass- grows in silence ; see the stars , the < PROPFEMALE > and the sun , how they move in silence ... We need silence to be able to touch souls . 
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day ; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit . - < PROPMALE > Hubbard 
Law has the power to compel : indeed , the ability to enforce is a condition of the ability to command . 
' Our actions have a tongue of their own ; they have an eloquence of their own , even when the tongue is silent . For deeds prove the lover more than words . ' 
We can't have full knowledge all at once . We must start by believing ; then afterwards we may be led on to master the evidence for ourselves . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone near and far ! 
Consider seriously how quickly people change , and how little trust is to be had in them ; and hold fast to God , Who does not change . 
I am only resolved to act in a manner , which will , in my own opinion , constitute my happiness , without reference to you , or to any person so wholly unconnected with me . 
-Laugh as much as you choose , but you will not laugh me out of my opinion . \ 
-Good opinion once lost , is lost forever . - 
Consider your origin ; you were not born to live like brutes , but to follow virtue and knowledge . 
It is not time or opportunity that is to determine intimacy -- it is disposition alone . Seven years would be insufficient to make some people acquainted with each other , and seven days are more than enough for others 
There will be little rubs and disappointments everywhere , and we are all apt to expect too much ; but then , if one scheme of happiness fails , human nature turns to another ; if the first calculation is wrong , we make a second better : we find comfort somewhere . 
What makes stupidity really insufferable is that it is forever in action ... idiocy knows no rest .... 
' There seems something more speakingly incomprehensible in the powers , the failures , the inequalities of memory , than in any other of our intelligences . \ " , 2011-01-05 13:37:32 " 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what everyone wants- to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this & leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week , & this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are faced with it ... For all the other wonderful unique kids out there 
Stupid Patriots deserved to lose ... they practically gave the game away .. bunch of moronic idiots ... and Really < PROPMALE > , Come on ! there is a thing calling running the ball ... a concept I know you are familiar with but seem to have forgotten how to do ! 
Post a 1-word description of me with the THIRD letter of your FIRST name . Once you post the word , copy this into your own status and see what you might get ! I'm curious to see how creative you guys are ... 
My wall is a NO DRAMA ZONE !! I am switzerland .... My drama tolerance is extremely low . I do not tolerate mind games ... I don't have time , inclination or energy to deal with others ' petty drama or BS . I am , at times , painfully or brutally honest . I have a firm policy in saying what needs to be said , feelings might get hurt but at least you know where you stand with me with no false pretenses . 
I believe the Chesapeake police officers need additional specialized training in working with persons with Special Needs or disablities ... especially in situations of accidents or situations in which communication is key ... what do you think ? 
I am not bulletproof ... I too have a tipping point ... At this point I am not ready to make nice .... I’m not ready to back down . I’m mad as hell and I don’t have time to go round and round and round ... I forgive but I certainly don't forget ... Can’t bring myself to do what it is you think I should and no I just can't get over it ... 
damn- trouble maker is back- I caught her in the mirror this morning ! 
Fluffy , my invisible purple alligator is hungry , hmmm ... WHO should i feed to her today ?? 
Safety alert folks , NEVER play leapfrog with a Unicorn ... 
Don't underestimate me . Just because I'm quiet doesn't mean I forgave you . It just means that I'm still planning what I'm gonna do to you ! 
I'm running around the room throwing skittles at the evil pink pixies and green leperchauns yelling \taste the freaking rainbow \"..." 
** This is not a status . This is a status test . If it were an actual status you would be notified by the Status Update System for further instructions . ** 
I have decided to try a new drug called \IGNORITALL \"..." 
I cant believe the purple unicorns said the orange dogs ate the green hippos .. They do this all the time . 
The blue and green gummy bear army and I are going to the rainbow pig's castle to rescue the pink unicorns that the evil squirrels are guarding on < PROPFEMALE > hill ... 
_/ \\__/\\__/\\__/\\__/ \\_ _ __________________ _ _/ \\__/\\__/ \\__ ... Oh , I am sorry , for a minute there you bored me to death ... 
Watch out for penguins .. they are shifty little critters and attack while you sleep !! 
You know what makes me sad .... YOU DO ... Maybe we should chug right on over to Mamby Pamby Land where maybe we can find come self confidence for you , ya < PROPFIRST > wagon . Tissue ?? * Throws tissue . Cry Baby !! 
ooh ee ooh ah ah , ting tang , walla walla bing bang .. ooh ee ooh ah ah ting tang walla walla bang ... ooh ee ooh ah ah , ting tang , walla walla bing bang .. ooh ee ooh ah ah ting tang walla walla bang ... Good luck getting that out of your head :D 
As you slide down the banister of life , may the splinters never point in the wrong direction . 
For in the same way you judge others , you will be judged . Be careful before you judge others , none of us are perfect . 
Be careful what Bridges you burn because one day those may be the ones you need the most ! < PROPFEMALE > the ones you love and love the people you have in your life . 
Live simply , Speak kindly , Love generously , Care deeply . Sorry looks back . Worry looks around . Faith looks ahead . 
With God anything is possible . God will never give you a test you cannot pass . Have faith and believe , because everything happens for a reason . I am strengthened by my weaknesses . I am brave because of my fears . I am greater because of my mistakes . 
Lead me Lord , I'll follow . Anywhere you open up the door . Let your word speak to me , show me what I've never seen before . 
There are no hand rails for stupidity ... 
A tongue can accuse and < PROPFEMALE > bad news , gossip is cheap and it's low . But unless you've made no mistakes in your life , be careful of stones that you throw 
The content of your character is your choice . Day by day , what you choose , what you think , what you say and what you do is who you become . 
I would tell you what I'm thinking ... but if I say it out loud ... it's premeditated ! 
It's hard to stay out your business when you post it all over FACEBOOK !! 
A real friend is someone who will not trash you or your friendship just because they don't agree with your feelings , opinions , and decisions ... friendship goes both ways .... true friends do not stop speaking because they disagree nor do they ignore each other ... both excerise understanding and both LISTEN and HEAR without animiousity or pride ... they forgive and do not hold grudges ... 
Are you OK ? I heard you were riding a horse today , fell off & almost got killed luckily the guy at Wall-mart unplugged it for you . Be careful ! 
I didn't trip , I just attacked the floor with my mad ninja skills ! :) 
I want my friends to help me write a story ! You can use ONLY 5 words . OK , here is the beginning : There once was a midget ..... 
Have you ever said \PEEK-A-BOO\ " to someone in a bathroom stall next to you ? I am pretty sure that person was terrified for that second . MWHAA ~!" 
< PROPFEMALE > The Pooh's gang has psychological issues : < PROPFEMALE > has an eating disorder , Piglet has generalized anxiety disorder , Eeyor has < PROPMALE > depression and tigger is ADHD ... 
Just count < PROPFEMALE > lucky stars I am not a twin .... hehe 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer . My wish is that 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . Do it for all . There are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting . I hope to see this in all the status of my friends . 
I would love go into a carpet store dressed as Aladdin , sit on one of those rectangle carpet samples and yell out \HOW DO WE GET THIS THING TO WORK ? \"" 
Shovel $15 , tarps $10 , a crap load of bleach $20 , 3 boxes of black - extra thick - garbage bags $35 . The look on the cashiers face .. PRICELESS !!! 
Always be sure to keep a good Facebook profile picture . This will be the photo plastered all over the news when something goes horribly wrong . 
I'm giving my inner voices the silent treatment until they apologize . 
Walk a day in MY head , and you won't ask WHY ! I warn you , you might not make it out alive ... 
OMG !!! I just realized .... We sit and stare at a screen .... We have imaginary farms , cities and fake animals . We poke people and its ok ......... OMG we even write on walls . Think about it .... Facebook is a mental hospital .... and we are all patients ..... \ 
Feel free to steal ... I did !!! LOL 
Signs of insanity : You talk to yourself . You argue with yourself . You lose argument with yourself . You stop talking to yourself . 
Why is it that all instruments created to find \intelligent life\ " are pointed \ " AWAY\ " from Earth ? " 
If someone ever decided to steal my identity , they wouldn't have it for very long .... in fact they'd end up giving it back immediately ... hehe 
The Government is going to put Porn on the screen at all gas pumps soon , so you can watch someone else get screwed the same . 
I found a way to confuse perfect strangers . Honk and wave enthusiastically at someone while driving by . They'll spend the rest of the day wondering who you are . 
It's definitely time for bed . Dwarf syndrome is setting in . I'm getting sleepy , grumpy and dopey . Goodnight all ! 
Dreaming of earth shattering slinkings while stalking sunkissed evil leprechauns whom are hiding all the < PROPFEMALE > Spring and throwing Lucky Charms and Skittles at green fuzzy gnomes while shouting out \taste the rainbow\ " and \ " it is magically delicious\ " intermittingly ... " 
i really really really can not stand the internet right now ... i keep losing my connection ... so annoying .... 
Bored Bored Bored .... sighs , i am bored and I have insomnia , just lovely ... lol 
Tired , Bored , and Frustrated .. not a good combo .. nothing good comes from it .... hmmmm 
My life is a battle in < PROPFEMALE > ... Some people desperately need to be slapped , but if I let them keep going , life will hit them harder . I can wait . 
Why do we travel down a road we have been down before , knowing all along it's just the same old road and nothing has changed ? Why do I allow myself to get excited for things when I KNOW they won't happen ? Then I have to pretend every-thing's fine and that I'm not disappointed .. So if one day I was gone , would you come looking ? Would you be the same person ? Would you care ? 
Get to know the real me first and think again before you assume . Next time don't be so quick to judge . You'll never know what it's like to be in my shoes . Just because a person makes mistakes and has been labeled , doesn't mean that they are a bad person , maybe that area in life is a struggle . Please don't judge me until you understand me , just walk beside me and be my friend . 
“May those who love us , love us ; and those who don't love us , may God turn their hearts ; and if He doesn't turn their hearts , may he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping . ” 
