What's up with the weather ? What happened to Autumn ? Are we skipping straight to winter ? Hmmm ... wonder what I did with that snow suit ? 

Thanks to everyone for the Happy Birthday wishes ! 
I have to give a HUGE shout out to < PROPFEMALE > and the fabulous sugar-free birthday cake ! The cake was very , very , very yummy and she did all this with double ear infections . Now that is a true friend ! 
Okay ... call me a geek ... but i am really diggin The Sing Off - NOTA rocks !!!!! 
Why is it that it only snows here on the weekend or holidays ? All I want for Christmas is world peace and a foot of snow on Monday .... :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
I really , really , really , really , Really , REALLY , wish I was off today !!! 
He is risen ! Happy Easter 
< PROPMALE > and I are Bama bound to see Papaw ! He even scored a new outfit for the glorious occasion . 
There's nothing more distressing than the vet asking you to bring in your dog's stool sample . I mean really !?!? So no matter what happens today that seems sh ! tty ... it can't be any worse than that ... TGIF 
At the rodeo ... 
Why do homeless animals always find their way to my house ? 
And even worse ... why do puppy dogs find < PROPFEMALE > krunchies so irresistible ? 
Please keep TN flood victims in your thoughts and prayers . 
Teenage boys should be banned from getting a drivers license ... they can't even figure out how to keep their pants up ... we should make them wear diapers 
Thanks to my dad who served in Korea and all others who haves served . May God richly bless and keep you ! 
I really wish I had a big bowl of butterbeans with a hunk of piping hot cornbread and slab of sweet Vidalia onion ... and a quart jar full of sweet tea with lemon ... and some homemade vanilla ice cream atop a mound of blackberry cobbler ... 
I really wish I had the answers to all of life's problems too .... 
I just want to be ok , be ok , be ok ... I just want to be ok today 
Thank you for all the wonderful birthday wishes ! I have had a truly amazing day . One of the best birthdays in years ! You guys are the best !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
God is good all the time ! He has blessed me with a new job ! Better pay and better benefits ... I sure am going to miss all my coworkers at McKesson though ! I love you guys ! 
Dear Facebook friends , \ 
You know I love you dearly and hope each of you can stay , \ 
But those four letter words you use are driving me away ! \ 
And those disgraceful pictures of people's private parts , \ 
Are like < PROPFEMALE > little daggers slicing up my heart . \ 
This is a warning I hope you can heed , \ 
If I keep seeing your garbage I'm sending you to the heap ! \ 
\ 
Hugs and kisses , \ 
Your friend < PROPFEMALE > 
