had an very long day , but got to drive for awhile :) 

is hanging out with my bf for the day :) 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best 
is really tiredd 
wants to know if .... you fail at failing isnt that winning ? 
is feeling like crap .. but what else is new 
thinks that creation needs to hurry up and get here already !!!! 
is chillaxing outside .. txt me 
is amazed that i didnt burn after being outside all day 
is bored 
is thinking about going to bed 
is bored beyond belief 
thanks to a starbucks double shot im wired !!! 
is drawing 
darn you starbucks .... im too hyper to do anything 
is hanging out w/ abi 
is bored ( again ) 
is hoping it wont rain on sat 
just got home from a 2 hr jog =) 
is going to have a busy day 
is < PROPFEMALE > excited for tomorrow ^^ 
knows tomorrow is going to be complete crap 
is packing for creation ... i guess ... 
is going to be away till sunday ... yay creation ! 
is home from the best week of my life ! 
is amazed how everything falls right into place after a week away from it all 
misses creation < PROPFEMALE > much as well as all the amazing ppl there 
is still missing creation ... at work orientation =/ 
just got home from orientation ... still missing creation =( 
isnt feeling good :( 
is working tomorrow .. =/ 
is home from work !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is really getting annoyed with some jerk on AIM 
is having a stressful week v.v 
is really annoyed 
is working tomorrow =/ ... i guess im going to bed 
ruined my class ring at work :( 
ruined her class ring at work :( 
is really pissed 
is hanging out with < PROPFIRST > ^^ 
is thinking 
just killed her toe 
is boredd 
isnt feeling good ... work 2:45 - 9:00 
is still not feeling good ... working 1-9 
is still feeling like crap ... work 1- 9:30 
just got home from work 
is bored out of her mind 
is thinking about going to bed soon .. long day of nothing ahead of me tomorrow 
is home doing nothing all day 
is packing for the beach 
is at the beach till Sunday :D 
is home but leaving again on tues =) 
is leaving for D.C tomorrow , I'll post pics from both trips when i return 
is chilling in D.C with < PROPFIRST > ^^ 
is home . =/ 
is watching transformers 2 : Rise of the Fallen >=) 
is trying to get back into the swing of things 
finally posted pics from ocean city and DC :) 
is helping out with vbs all week 
could really use a few concealable Cameras from my mafia :) 
is working tomorrow 11-6 
had a crappy day at work 
\I'm not a wannabe I'm who I want to be and I intend to be how you created me\ " :) " 
is going with < PROPFEMALE > to hershey med . today =/ 
had a really busy day =/ 
is dreading marching band =( 
is home from marching band 
is bored , doing nothing at home all day 
is talking to < PROPFIRST > ^^ 
is working all day tomorrow then going to marching band practice =/ 
has had one of the most frustrating days ever ... 
is going to the church camp out tonight :D :D :) 
is going to the church camp out tonight ..... 
just got home from work and im leaving for < PROPFIRST>'s soon 
is spending a day being lazy 
is hanging at home with geek squad :P 
had a blast hanging out with < PROPFIRST > today :) 
has band camp all week .... -_- \\"" 
surprisingly had a good day at band camp other then seeing my life flash before my eyes :P 
is going to bed cuz tomorrow is # 2 of band camp .. 
* is going to bed cuz tomorrow is day # 2 of band camp .. 
is home form a very frustrating day at band camp ... 
is home from a very frustrating day at band camp ... 
is not looking forward to another day of band camp ... 
is home from another exhausting day of band camp ... 
is taking my sister to a barnstomers game for her birthday :) 
s taking my sister to a barnstormers game for her birthday :) 
is home from the baseball game ... work tomorrow 
is working today from 11-6 =/ 
is home from a long day at work 
might just go to bed cuz theres no point in saying up ... 
should probably start my summer work today .... 
is going school shopping today =/ 
is spending another pointless evening at home ..... I might just go to bed soon .... 
had fun with my amazing aunt today :) 
is really not looking forward to tomorrow ... 
is hanging out with her amazing aunt today :) 
finally got the freaking internet back -_- \ " , 2009-08-26 01:13:31 " 
is starting her summer work tomorrow 
is having one of the worst days of my life .... 
is working today ... 
is having another bad day ... 
is bored ... might just go to bed soon ... 
is going to bed ... night facebook 
is leaving for the mall soon 
is finally starting her book reports :( 
is still working on a stupid book report ... 
seriously hopes it rains tomorrow .... 
is working ... 
is leaving for my little cuz's b-day party soon 
had an ok day at school ... 
isnt to sure about going back to school tomorrow 
had a long day and school ... to much hw already =( 
officially hates SAT prep ... 
is rocking out to skillet's new cd thanks to < PROPFIRST > :) 
is leaving for mb practice soon .. 
had fun with the band tonight ... looking forward to tomorrow night :) 
had fun with band tonight ... 
is working tomorrow .. then hanging with one of my fav ppl ( they know who they are ) ;) 
had a long day of painting ..... 
finally finished painting my room .. currently watching NCIS :) 
is sad the NCIS marathon is over :'( 
had a really long day ... and lots of hw before marching band :( 
is still hating SAT PREP .... >=( 
had a longgg day ... 
is really getting annoyed that all my fav books are being made into crap movies/tv shows 
is currently going insane trying to balance life and school ... 
is so not looking forward to school 
has a lonngg weekend ahead .... 
might be working today ... 
had a long day at work 
is really really annoyed -_- \ " , 2009-09-13 22:54:52 " 
is gonna be in sooo much trouble if i dont bring up my SAT PREP grade ... 
is getting a new phone .... and yea im still pissed about SAT PREP ... 
went to at&t and came home with nothing .... 
has had one of thoose days where you look back and say \why the heck did I get out of bed this morning ? \"" 
im just gonna go to bed ......... theres no point in being awake 
finally got my class ring back :) 
after an hour of calling and yelling at ppl i finally order my new phone ... now all i have to do is wait for 3-5 days :) 
cant freaking wait for her new phone to get here :) 
is < PROPFEMALE > not looking forward to friday ... 
is < PROPFEMALE > not looking forward to tomorrow .... 
finally got her new phone :) !!!!!!! 
is working 2:45 -8 today ... hopefully it will be busy 
is sooo not looking forward to school tomorrow .... 
is still sick =( and is < PROPFEMALE > not looking forward to picture day 
is really really bored .... 
cant wait for sat 
is pumped for tomorrow :) 
is FINALLY 16 :) !! 
got a guinea pig for my b-day ... shes sooo < PROPFEMALE > :) 
cant wait till 5 :) 
is going to jesses house 
had a pretty good day 
had a really longggg day 
is going to bed .... night fb 
is helping to put a float together tonight 
bored to death ... might just go to bed ... 
is in the parade tonight ... look for PVMB :) 
is really pround of our band :) great job last night guys 
is really proud of our band :) great job last night guys ( happy now zach ? ) 
is wondering if anyone is planning on watching the pens game tomorrow night and if they could possibly text me updates 
is sooo not looking forward to tomorrow .... 
is working tomorrow 9:30 -5 
is thinking about buying a new i-pod 
got a new ipod that doesnt suck :) 
' s computer is acting retarded ... wheres geek squad when you need him ?? 
is downloading a ton more song to my ipod for something to do 
is feeling like crap .... 
is getting sick .. again 
had a really longg , annoying day at school ..... not really looking forword to the long weekend ... 
is working from 6- 10:30 :( 
is working again today 12- 7:30 
is excited for tomorrow :) 
is not feeling the best ..... work until 5:30 
is watching the pens game :) its a great day for hockey 
is watching the pens game and unsuccessfully trying to get my SAT outline finished :/ 
is having a really long day , ive got tons of crap to do but not enought hours in the day to get it all done . 
does not have swine flu !!!!!!!!! 
wants to know how many times i have to tell you r-tards that i dont have freaking swine flu !! 
doesnt have to work today , yay rain :) 
is hanging out with < PROPFIRST > today 
hates windows ... 
had a crappy night .... at least the pens won ... 
is getting really really annoyed with electronics .... 
accidently washed my ti-84 plus graphing calculator ...... hopefully it works after it dries out ... 
is having a really odd day ... 
had a really good day :) 
is gonna go watch NCIS 
had another decent day :) 
is kinda nervous i have a meeting about CTC tomorrow .... 
can't believe tomorrows friday already .... I'm not really looking forward to tomorrows football game .... 
has a really longgg weekend 
is getting ready for < PROPMALE>'s party :) 
is having a pretty crappy weekend ... nothing is going to plan 
had an interesting day ... 
wants sat to hurry up and get here already 
is excited for the yankees 
is loving the pens game right now :) 
had a pretty awesome day hanging out with my bf :) 
is thinking about going to the < PROPFEMALE > party ...... is anyone else going ?!? 
isnt feeling good .. 
is laying around watching tv 
is < PROPFEMALE > not looking forward to tomorrow ... 
is already having a pretty crappy day ...... i hope tonight doesnt make it worse .. 
had an interesting time at the football game ..... :( 
' s weekend is looking like crap already .. 
got a hair cut yesterday ... i still dont know what to make of it .. 
just got done adding some more photos to my site ..... check ' em out :) http://hotemochick13.deviantart.com/ 
cant wait for this weekend to be over ... 
had a really really longg day .. 
is thankful for all of her amazing friends ... i wouldnt make it through the day without you guys 
is having one of the worst days of my life 
is already having a crap weekend ... i really need to get out of this house 
is not going to the hockey game tonight :( ....... good luck guys ! =) 
is looking forward to tomorrow 
finally got her computer back up and running .... :) 
is sick ... this is totally not how i had my break planned :( 
happy thanksgiving everyone :) 
is rocking out with my cuz :) 
is about to go shopping with my cuz 
is looking forword to tomorrow 
is having an amazing day :) 
had an awesome day with < PROPFIRST > and his family :) 
is still cleaning out my car :( 
after 2 days of cleaning my car , im finally done ! :) 
is < PROPFEMALE > not looking forword to school tomorrow .. 
is really tired and has a ton of homework :( 
loves windows 7 so far so good :D 
hates snow v.v 
hates snow and cant wait for it to all melt 
is already sick of christmas music 
is sooo not looking forword to tomorrow 
had a longg day of doc appointments , its < PROPFEMALE > good to be home 
is really tired .... and doesnt want any more snow for awhile :( 
good luck to the Ice Hockey team :) 
well guys theres always friday =/ 
doesnt feel like doning anything productive right now 
made county band :D 
is spending the night at < PROPFEMALE>'s house :] 
is hanging at ambers for the day :D 
had an awesome day with my two fav ppl :D 
had a good weekend but now , its time for school stuff :/ 
is having a pretty crappy day so far ... 
hates ice , it ruins plans :( 
is going to the dance and ten spending the night with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
is excited for the hockey game tonight :) 
hates snow 
thinks dogs are really amusing when they are hopping around in the snow :) 
is hoping i can leave tomorrow 
Let's see how forthcoming my FB friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 brave friends ( or more ) who will do this 
2 hr delay = staying up 2hrs later tonigh :) 
is trying to write her CTC essay ..... needless to say its not going real well ... 
could really do without christmas break ... 
good luck to the ice hockey team tonight :) 
yea , that right pv's ice hockey team owns :) 
thinks tights suck :( 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone :D 
is sooo ready for bed 
is looking forword to tomorrow :D :D :D 
had a pretty awesome time with my bf :) 
is getting ready to go out for her permit 
got her permit and just had her first expirence behind the wheel :) ...... i dont think ive ever been this nervous 
happy new years everyone . I hope your night is as awesome as mine is :) 
had a fun day at work :] now its time to watch the winer classic :] 
is ridicously bored 
is trying to sleep but it just not working ... 
is trying everything possible to avoid doing hw :) 
black 
had a pretty bad day 
has a band concert tomorrow ..... she really doesnt feel like going 
had a pretty fun time at the concert and issacs afterwords with the crew :) 
excited for FBLA tomorrow :) 
got second at regionals 
had a pretty long week , im < PROPFEMALE > ready for the weekend :) 
is going to the hockey game tonight !!... knock ' em dead boys :) 
has a long day of nothing ... 
is chilling at Coreys =) 
has to work tomorrow ... 
is hyper :) :) :P :P 
is a freaking taco 
is going to tomorrows basketball game .... who else is going ? 
okay , so the game was pretty much pointless .. 
county band concert tomorrow 7:00 at L-S :) 
had an awesome time at county band last night :) 
Today , I came home to find my little sister had decided to play hopscotch under our carport . Feeling a small childish urge , I decided to hop on one leg to the front door . I tripped and fell , slicing my knee open . FML 
just got the line up for creation 2010 ..... let me just says its gonna be EPIC ! 
is getting really sick of all the dramma ... heres an idea grow up ! 
is a person with feelings , im not here for your amusement and I'm not here for your drama 
is having a long weekend of bordeom 
is having a pretty crappy day ... 
dear snow , thank you for messing up yet another weekend ... -_- \ " , 201 0-0 2-04 23:09:28 " 
hates the new fb layout 
is sick :( 
cant wait for NCIS .. whooo ! 
aww ... man there goes my long weekend 
okay ! thats enough snow ! 
would rather be at school , then snowed in another day :( 
had an amazing day ! =) 
is having a pretty great day of nothing but hockey :) 
who needs valentines day when you've got ice hockey :P 
could really use some gifts on farmville . I am trying to finish my stable I still need 5 bricks , 4 harnesses , and 2 woodend boards . Thanks ! 
finally has the internet back ! yay ! 
life is a book with many chapters some are hard to get through some are easy but u have to keep turning the < PROPFEMALE > to get to the next adventure .. 
got up this morning for no reason and now i cant get back to sleep .... 
thinks we should have had a 2hr delay , not the whole freaking day off ... 
thinks hockey fans are the best :) 
is loving this weather :) 
is loving this weather ! Time to break out the flippy floppies ;) 
got her prom dress today :) 
had a pretty productive night of drawing instead of studying for finals :P 
has only been up for a half hour and can tell today is not gonna be a good one =( 
had a pretty amazing day :) 
is haning out with my bro for the day :) 
is offically going to CTC next year :) 
Happy Easter everyone ! =) 
eww , We have school tomorrow .. 
had a pretty good day of fishing :) 
is excited for FBLA states tomorrow :) 
just returned home from states ..... :( I miss it already ! 
peace . <3 . rock . 
is chilling at < PROPFIRST>'s 
The door is everything ! All that once was and all that will be ! The door control time and space , love and death ! The door can see into your mind ! The door can see into your souuulll ! Really ? Th-The door can do all of that ? Haha , no . 
just got home from my final concert :( 
is going to get her nails done with her sis for some bonding time 
has prom tomorrow .... im not really all that excited .. 
has prom today , i think the the next 2 hrs are going to be the slowest of my life lol 
is just chilling today .. 
\What do you call a man who joins pages about girls making sandwiches ?......... Answer : Single ! \ " :P " 
had an awesome day !! Im excited for tomorrow ! =) 
okay so the SAT's were not too bad 
is highly amused that the flyers just got owned ! 
had a blast at graduation ^^ ..... tomorrow im off for new jersey :) 
had an amazing time at my cuz's wedding :) 
summer sucks so far ..... ive been sick =( 
cant believe dad brought home 2 more ducks :) 
cant wait for creation ! whoo ! =) 
is gonna have to retake SAT's .... =( 
is leaving for creation tomorrow morning .... see ya sunday ! 
has to get heart surgery on the 21st ... =( 
if you look in my notes im gonna post the link to my blog about my surgery . Check it out for updates . 
got a new cell phone .... yay ! =) 
has to work tomorrow ... =/ 
is working all day again tomorrow 
is just relaxing today :D 
is working again tomorrow :D 
just got home from the hosptial ! I feel so blessed to have so many caring friends and family members ! love you all lots ! 
thinks we must be the change 
is it bad I've been out the hospital about a week and is just now returning peoples e-mails , comments , phone calls ,...? 
is doing nothing but watching the old ninja turtle movies :D 
might try to go to marching band tonight 
finally got everything for CTC squared away ! :D One less thing to stress about ! 
Refuse to give up . Your mistakes don't define you . They don't dictate where you are heading . 
first day of band camp down ... too many to go =/ 
had a pretty good day with the band crew :) 
is pretty happy that band camp is over !! I am really doing to miss all the shenanigans 
had a great time with everyone at the bowling ally :D 
is < PROPFEMALE > excited for tomorrow :D 
is going to DC tomorrow :] 
is pretty excited for the creation reunion tonight :D !! 
well .... yew .. . know .. 
hates being sick .. 
is going back to work for the first in time in month :) 
is working again today ... hopefully the day goes without incident 
had a pretty god day at work :D 
is working again today . It's gonna be nuts ! Come stop in for the sweet corn festival . 
hates scrubs !! 
really doesnt feel like going to school tomorrow ... 
had a pretty awesome day at ctc :) 
is having a crazy busy day ! 
loves ctc :) 
just got back from senior pics :) 
really wishes there was an extra day added to the week ... or even more hours in a day ....... to much to do with no time to do it !! 
finally has time to relax ... until the football game tonight 
is going to the midget football game today :) 
is busy working ... =/ 
had a really long day at work ... time to sleep !! 
had yet another good day at school :) 
had a pretty good day with the twins :) 
ctc = yay !.... weekly essays = booo !! 
why must everything come with sacrifices 
cant wait for today to end !! 
had a freakishly busy day at work ... holy crap am i tired ! 
was attacked by bees in class today ..... several times :P 
had another crazy busy day !!! 
officially hates dog hair !! 
doesnt have to wear scrubs tomorrow .... yay !! :D 
cant wait for sunday ! :) 
had an interesting day . I did everything from sitting around cuz of bomb threats to watching my teacher get mauled by a cat . 
had a really long day ... 
has an interview at Oscars pet resort on thurs . I hope it goes well :) I really want this job 
has a long day of work ahead of her .. 
got a nook today ! :) 
had a great day !! Thank you for all the birthday wishes :) 
you're\ 
brave , copy this to your status & see what people rate you . ( 1 ) \ 
Crazy . ( 2 ) Wish we went out . ( 3 ) Talkative . ( 4 ) Sarcastic . ( 5 ) \ 
Beautiful . ( 6 ) Lovable . ( 7 ) Adorable . ( 8 ) Strong . ( 9 ) Dumb . ( 10 ) \ 
Pretty . ( 11 ) Spoiled . ( 12 ) Mouthy . ( 13 ) Wild . ( 14 ) Goofy . ( 15 ) Funny . \ 
( 16 ) Awesomely awesome . ( 17 ) Amazing . ( 18 ) Best ...... friend . ( 19 ) Ugly . \ 
( 20)Mean . ( 21 ) I love you . 
is going to order her senior pics tonight :) 
is not really excited to be in the parade tonight ... 
finally got home !! 
had a good day with family :) 
is going to bed ... 
finally started her senior project ... :P 
is it thurs yet ? I could so use a break ! 
I like it on the couch ! 
absolutely loves <3 hockey season :) 
has a job interview tomorrow :) 
now has a \working interview\ " soon :) " 
is just laying around watching the cake boss marathon :) 
penguins > Devils :) 
is so not ready for a busy weekend >=( 
PENGUINS > flyers . >=) 
honestly\ 
who is gonna watch the world series if it is Rangers vs Giants prob no \ 
one but if the yankees r in u will have both yankee fans and yankee \ 
haters watching so thats a lot of people 
just for jesse : honestly who is gonna watch the world series if it is power Rangers vs Giant robots \ 
\ 
xD 
had a pretty fun senior night :) 
just cut my boyfriends hair =) I guess its a good thing ive buzzed dogs xD 
yay hockey !! :) 
wow .. what a horrible day ....... 
helped with her first surgery today :) 
is downloading music for a friends party ... suggestions are needed !! 
is working today .. then party tonight :) 
is getting ready to go to DeTore's Halloween party :) 
had a lot of fun at jessicas tonight ...... oh look its 11:11 :) 
has a working interview today and is going to a hockey game after :) its gonna be a good day :) 
i blame facebook if i suddenly go blind ... 
really hates google docs right out about now ... 
is working for the last time this year at < PROPFEMALE > crest =/ 
had fun at training tonight :) 
is finishing up her senior project and then heading to a hockey game :) 
finally finished her hills vet modules :) 
cant wait for the weekend ... hopefully the extra sleep will get me over this cold ...... :( 
has a long boring weekend of nohting ahead of her .... 
finally finished her senior project :) :) 
got a hair cut today :) 
not a good day .... 
really hates yahoo mail right about now ... 
has her senior project all finished ! 
got hired at Oscars ... :D 
is going to a bears game today to help out with UDS :) 
had a fun time working with < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and Campbell today :) 
is bringing < PROPMALE > to school tomorrow and maybe even to dog training :) 
had a really fun day with < PROPFIRST > :) 
had a crazy busy day at school . At least it was fun :) 
is going to the hockey game tonight :) lets go braves ! 
have a happy thanksgiving everyone ! :) I know I can't wait to have some rice and beans :) 
is working for the first time at Oscars today :) 
had a pretty awesome day at work :) 
yay another lazy day of nothing :) 
is excited for school tomorrow :) 
just cut < PROPFIRST>'s hair :) 
is roller skating tomorrow :) 
so i herd you liek Mudkip 
is going to the hockey game tonight ! 
why cant the weekend be here ... worst week ever :( 
has off work again this weeked .... I dont know what to do with myself 
clipped < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! She looks marvalous :) 
is having a really really really good day :) 
had a lot of fun helping with surgery today :) 
Put this as your status & see what people rate you -\ 
Red = I love you\ 
Pink = You're cute\ 
Green = You're funny\ 
Orange = I like you\ 
... White = I used to like you\ 
Yellow = You're amazing\ 
Black = I hate you\ 
Blue = Friends forever\ 
Tie dye = you're beautiful\ 
Rainbow = i wanna date you 
had a long day ... off to work I go 
is offically an intern at sight and sound :) 
is going to a hockey game tonight and then work in the am :) 
had a fun day at work . Boy am I tired !! 
got a tour of my internship sight today :) 
had another fun day of surgery :D 
cant freaking wait to see Korn and Disturbed with my cuz :) 
so im bored to death .. hit me up on skype :) 
UDS and hockey tonight :) its gonna be fun :] 
is going to bed ... hopefully tomorrow will go better ... 
finally has all of her hockey pics edited and ready to send to yr book :] 
had surgery clinic again today :] I think its time for bed 
serriously hates snow -_- \ " , 2011-01-08 15:49:22 " 
had her first day of intership ! I cant wait to go back ! :] 
hopes none of the buses get into an accident today since PV are a bunch of morons 
wow .. what a day .... 
Cant wait for the music as a weapon tour tomorrow :) oh how i <3 disturbed 
had a great day :] 
just got a new phone :) oh yeah ! 
had a great day at the mall with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > :) 
had a great day with < PROPFEMALE > Baum and < PROPFEMALE > Baum-Cantrell :) I love you guys ! 
internship tomorrow :) 
Is having a blast chilling with mccaws 
so happy to be home .. worst trip ever :( 
all i can say is : Great job pequea , your so smart .. 
had such a boring day :( 
Is having an awesome day 
had an amazing day at sight and sound :D 
finds it funny that ctc closed an hour before my sending school did ..... great job pequea 
hasnt gone to school at all this week :) 
so about how it needs to hurry up and be sunday :( 
thinks that unless she suddenly becomes a mind reader shes so not going to pass class .. 
is having funny puppy sitting :) 
Going to a bears game with @uds :) 
had an interesting clinic day .. 
got bite by a < PROPFEMALE > today .. ouch =/ 
had a pretty good day . Hockey game tonight :) 
had a lot of fun at work today :D 
Is on her way to the westminster dog show 
Had fun at the westminster dog show :) :D 
had to help with an amputation today . it was interesting to say the least ... 
Is at the movies with the twins :) 
Is working till 6 :) 
had fun working < PROPFIRST>'s Pet Resort of Greenfield :D 
Internship then uds . Man I love mondays :D 
Is having fun with sight and sounds new puppy :) 
had a fun day in class with < PROPFEMALE > :D 
Got a hair cut today :) lab final tomorrow ... man am I nervous .. 
Feels < PROPFEMALE > much better now that her lab final is over :) 
Just got birds :) 
Is heading out to the pv hockey playoff game with some pretty awesome people 
Anyone know what time pv's ice hockey game is on thurs ? 
loves the rain but doesn't really like working in it =/ 
Is interning then heading to UDS :) 
is so mad she could just scream >=( 
Is heading to a bears game with UDS then to pv's hockey game :) 
is heading to sight and sound for internship then to UDS :) 
Had a fun time at school today with < PROPFEMALE > <3 
Is having fun interning at sight and sound :) 
Has to go to school tomorrow ... ew 
Had another great day with < PROPFEMALE > ! She's such a sweetie :) 
had a great night with all the dogs and wonderful people at United Disabilities Services 
watched a donkey get castrated today .. it was quite the learning expirence 
is going to that fish place for UDS training :D 
uds tomorrow :) 
uds is awesome ! 
loves Sight & Sound :) even if she did get attacked by a < PROPFEMALE > again today :P 
if anyone knows of any old english sheep dogs that are on a rescue site near here let me know !! 
Okay mother nature I'm not laughing ... 
had a great day with < PROPFEMALE > :) * to bad its gonna be an entire month till i get to work with her again * :( 
Hates prom dress shopping .. 
Just bought a prom dress for $30 ! :) 
Its just one of thoose days ... time for bed 
Is so excited for work today ... :( 
Is on her first week of fulltime internship :D 
Perfect weather to be out at the barn :) 
Uds rocks :) 
