lol i miss her so much . but she is back hopefully for good . 

thank god i had a very quiet birthday 
i be bored 
chillin out at my grandparents 
( sigh ) i miss her so much . ( sigh again ) oh well just a few more months . hope i can make it . 
crap crap crap i really miss her . 
one more week ...... just one more ..... i can make it that long ....... right ? 
YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MY fREAKIN PAPER IS FINALLY DONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! all i need are the references . :) 
Haha ok . Happy and relieved describes me right now . Just cause 
( sigh ) long distance relationships are insanely hard ..... but hey my girlfriend is so worth it . I love her so much but i miss her like crazy . Ah well other than that life is pretty good . 
Hmmmmmm i miss my girlfriend alot . Really sucks that i cant see her as often as not . But i love her with everything i have so thats what matters right ? 
Seriously needs to stop eating taqeria acapulco quesadillas . They really screw my stomach up 
Hmmmm just putting it out there durant is really amazing . 
Spent an amazing day with my girlfriend and her family :) it was great . Boat show then u&i then the movies :) perfect way to spend a saturday :) 
Hmmmmm love is the most confusing and conflicting emotion ive ever known . It can destroy you or give you the strength to make it through anything :) i like the feeling cause she wld never use it against me :) which im thankful for everyday . 
Spying is just being a criminal for a good cause . 
Who all is going on the spX retreat this weekend . Leave a comment if yes . 
Lol yay ! Retreat this weekend :) 
Hmmmm i found out today i had a 6 ' 2\ wingspan " 
The magic are just plain owning . 
Ironman 2 !!!!!!!! 
Well i just got one thing to say with the spurs out . Go < PROPMALE > . 
Is listening to we are the fallen .... and is pleasently intrigued . 
What a sad way for the cavs to lose . Such a shame . Well LeBron to L.A. Clippers here we come . 
Starting a new game on kingdom hearts the original . Oh the memories :) 
Haha so they finally wrote a story about how logical it wld be for LeBron to go to clipperland . Anyone else realize how beastly that team wld be ? 
Man it has not even been 12 hours and i already miss her so much ...... 
Well my nose is killing me , but today is 9 months with my amazing girlfriend :D 
SUMMER !!!! :) :) 
Got the black blue and orange kd 2's . Super light and got great ankle support . 
Really miss my girlfriend . She is a very amazing person 
........... just found out < PROPFIRST > Wooden died ....... such a sad day for college basketball ....... R.I.P. Mr. < PROPFIRST > Wooden greatest coach of all time . 
Hooks game with box seats = fairly fun 
celtics by 15 tonight , but i say they win in 6 games cause kobe is hungry . but the celtics need nate < PROPMALE > involved again . 
man my leg really hurts right now . 
haha my knee and left leg feel better than they have in two years , but that doent mean they dont hurt < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
really wishes his knee wld stop being such a pain in his side , its really really annoying after the second year now . 
I say LeBron goes to the Heat with D-Wade and not CB4 but < PROPFIRST > Boozer . It wld be a better fit than Bosh . 
really wants to one be with his amazing girlfriend , two play basketball , and three i have no freakin idea .... 
haha so internet is FINALLY up at my house ! 
haha is enjoying the internet big time and listening to music . really liking the airplanes remix with eminem 
hmmmmm so if the rumors are actually true the cover of NBA 2k11 is gonna be the greatest of all time ........ 
has a < PROPMALE > headache and is not happy cause the speaker on his phone went out for no reason last night 
my freakin phone went all the way out ....... cant use it ....... 
Knew it wld be miami 
they are already burning LeBron jerseys in Ohio 
hmmmmm i really missed texting my girlfriend , she is a really amazing person . and i really like listening to the script . 
my phone is up and runnig again ! 
i cant wait for NBA 2k11 now ! that thing will be flat out amazing . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is the cover athlete . 
dude i share a birthday with < PROPFIRST > Scheyer ! 
hmmmm i want breakfast and to play a little basketball , cant wait for the NBA season to start up cause its boring keeping up with nothing now that the world cup is over 
might be going to the secondhand serenade concert on sat night . 
is really bored misses his awesome girlfriend and just woke up from a nap on his couch slightly dizzy and with a small headache 
Haha ok so just went to the park by my house and sat looking at the < PROPFEMALE > for a little while listening to music and singing along every once in awhile . I feel good now . :) 
awesome concert tonight ! loved Runner Runnerand Secondhand Serenade ! 
............... is just sitting here thinking , fun i guess .......... kinda not really .......... 
is eating some < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s caramel ice cream :) 
hmmmmmmmmmm really want to a ) spend time with my amazing girlfriend :) and b ) play basketball 
Heyo guys ! Going to San < PROPMALE > for the weekend , text me . 
Genuinely hates this . The one weekend his girlfriend gets to go to corpus is the one weekend he is not here ..... just great .... But got a new hat .... 
is listening to the freakin amazing new single by Linkin Park !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\When I see your face\ 
is now seriously missing his amazing girlfriend 
hmmmmmmmmm so whohas seen the music video for Forever by Drake ? 
haha oh my gosh ! < PROPFIRST > Tsunami is on disney channel ! Oh the memories :D 
Haha wow for once im actually starting to get really excited that my birthday is coming up . Oh troublesome . 
Heyo !!!!!!!!!! Ok had fun at Inspiration 2010 !!!! Saw Eragon and Was so disappointed at how off it was :( Got new Headphones finally !!!!!!!!!!!!!! And now is very bored lol , my weekend in a nutshell . Now i want to see my girlfriend and well thats about it after that lol . 
haha i'm glad my girlfriend , < PROPFEMALE > McGillis finally got a facebook lol 
Typing my Autobiographical Sketch , not hard though . 
haha hmmmmmmmmmmmmm today shall be interesting , but i'm way excited for next weekend . Holy crap 3 days till it is a year with < PROPFEMALE > McGillis man thats crazy . But i'm happy :) 
Haha so wow .......... Tomorrow is whan i hit a year with my amazing girlfriend < PROPFEMALE > McGillis it's so insane . Almost can't believe but i'm so insanely happy about it ......... and wow i'm only 16 for a moment now ..... 
Hey thanks for all the amazing birthday wishes everyone , I loved it ! The ones at school and from Facebook to of course lol ! It was a great day , quiet like i like my birthdays , but made great with all the birthday wishes lol . I think this is the most birthday wishes i have ever gotten lol . Well now i'm 17 and i have hit a year with my amazing girlfriend :) :) 
( sigh ) well today has not been fun 
Haha i am now seriously excited for this weekend ! :) 
Haha is excited to start his piece for theater tomorrow , and really excited to see his girlfriend , < PROPFEMALE > McGillis this weekend !!!! 1 
Listening to secrets by one republic and just waiting for tomorrow and to see his girlfriend finally !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had the most freakin amazing day with my big brother my big sister and my girlfriend ! Candlelight was awesome ! I love my girlfriend so freakin much !!!!! Haha mass with < PROPFEMALE > McGillis tommorow ! 
Is really just in another thoughtful mood tonight , guess i've been a bit on edge since < PROPFEMALE > McGillis left so for that i'm sorry everyone . But now just idk , I feel like listening to music tonight . 
“When you smiled you had my undivided attention . When you laughed you had my urge to laugh with you . When you cried you had my urge to hold you . When you said you loved me , you had my heart forever . ”\ 
\ 
You don't love someone for their looks , or their clothes , or for their fancy car , but because they sing a song only you can hear . ” 
Haha ok my knee hurts , I really can't wait for NBA basketball to start up again , and I really want to see < PROPFEMALE > McGillis 
dang watching NBA 2k11 gameplay videos and they look amazing .... I mean like literally really really good , especially the < PROPFIRST > Challenge 
haha is really thinking about getting his dad to play him in NBA 2K10 again 
Man Linkin Park's new album rocks !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Pre ordered NBA 2k11 today !!!!!! 
Hahah so I'm debating whether I should keep my beard grown out for this weekend and not get a haircut friday or what ? Haha oh yeh !!! Did I mention I get to see the Heat face the Spurs in San < PROPFIRST > on sat ? 
Hahah so the spurs game last night was amazing really really fun , and loved spending time with < PROPFEMALE > McGillis and < PROPFIRST > Amerson they were really fun :) 
Is considering calling his girlfriend and surprising her just cause he can :) 
Hmmm so I called my girlfriend :) she was surprised and happy :) pretty good day :) and last but certainly not least , GO RANGERS AND < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!! 
GREAT JOB RANGERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WORLD SERIES BABY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Haha now that thats out of the way :P so excited for homecoming in < PROPFEMALE > , Texas with MY awesomely freakin amazing girlfriend < PROPFEMALE > McGillis tommorow night !!!!!!!!!!! 
( sigh ) im really really missing my girlfriend right now .......... wish I cld see her .......... 
I HATE this ......................... I HATE IT I HATE I HATE IT .......................... 
LeBron is back ....................... 
hmmmmm I want to a ) see my girlfriend and b ) just pass out on the couch 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
wow ............. 5 techs called on the timberwolves in under 30 sec and manu hits all free throws 
haha the spurs won , and my quote of the night : < PROPMALE > Miller \I'm sending a memo to the Lakers . Manu ginobli is LEFT handed . He loves going LEFT . \"" 
Walking through the mall and realizing that no weekend will be harder than this one without my girlfriend . 
hmmmmmmmmmmmmm so excited for the all < PROPFEMALE > weekend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! though if i cld watch it with < PROPFEMALE > and Mr < PROPFIRST > \Denzel\ " Amerson all weekend it wld be even more amazing !!!!!!!!!!!! " 
< PROPMALE > is the best player on the west celebrity hands down 
WALL BOUNCE OOP TO GRIFFIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
haha great my ankle is so swollen and its killing me 
( sigh ) ten times harder than I ever thought this wld be .................................. and i knew this wld be the hardest thng ive ever done before .................. 
tired , frustrated ..................... 
