The difference bt Me and the next person is how We look on the outside , but if that wasn't what You saw first , how could You tell the difference ? 

so when some one calls u a \d . a . \ " and we are not referring to the attorney . what is ur response ? instead of back lashing to a degree of telling them where they can stick it with a few choice words . ur lack of words make the difference in any relationship . Love the use of reerse pshycology " 
ready to go chill wit da boy , happy he is back ! 
wishin ' I was @ home fightin ' my computer verses being in school today . its been a busy weekend 
tired ! y can't school just b over all ready ! i think they want me to stay . well i aint , degree or no degree im heading out dec ..... oh yeah .. lol ( evil laugh ) i will conquer ! ( giggles ) no i'll finish its just that senioritus setting in ( serious ) i think my 
school again , things r lookin ' up now that i am on the right path . With God on my side , < PROPMALE > & both families in my life , i have the best encouragement ever . I couldn't ask for anything more 
excited to have all my stuff in order ( except for my clothes ! ) i will conquer the mess ! i will c my floor !, probably by the end of the summer . BUT I WILL OVERCOME THIS HIGH PRICE MESS * sweating * ( this is like climbing mt everest ! ) 
just got thru lookin ' @ pregnacy photos . gettin a lil excited about my own life and the future 
i rly need a set schedual ! anyone hiring ?.... lol yeah right ! i kno there is something better .... my body just isn't made for this type of flexibility ... is it rly flexibility ? or a demand from society 2 b this way ? especially when its an epidemic , or has an 
i rly think senoritis is a pain i just can't get into the studyin ' thing at all . maybe its just that fact that its almost over and i can't wait or it might be the computer in my bedroom now , which ever one it is still the senoritis . 
hoping all * fathers * r having the tym of their lives enjoy cause they grow up so fast 
does ne1 kno wat real disappointment is like ? feeling like a fool , absent from wat u thought u knew , 2 realize its harder than u thought & its not all fun & games . Everything takes work whether u r gonna try o not . sometymes its hard but 2 kno that even w 
depressed . * sigh * 
frustration , depressed , it seems 2 get worse wit every wakin moment , how does it become a victorious battle . when it reoccurs day in & day out 
its got to get betta ..... a long rode and no where to make a u turn its like the worse 1way street that u could ever b scared of . u kno what to do but the matter of fact is doing it ..... thats what takes courage 
2night was awesome ! < PROPMALE > took me out to see the transformers movie and i am so getting it on dvd ! i loved it ! Action , Action , and more Action . i mean new characters , and old ones . still the best movie from cartoon ever !!! * cheesing * :D 
still stoked abt da movie ! wow if i was an autobot !.... well fantasy over ! i gotta get 2 heaven ! 
3 GOT SAVED ... MS < PROPFEMALE > FROM LIFE LINE GOT SAVED ON THE WAY TO THE LIFE LINE HOUSE 
im happy 2 have friends . they r so encouraging ! sleepy but cant go . school 2morrow don't want 2 go . gotta a b-day list dats pretty exclusive ..... any1 wanna help ? 
y cant i have a regular schedual like mormal 9-5s im exhausted ! 
work it seems is all i kno ... Thank God for different opportunities thru a day 2 change things up . i can't wait for my bday !, i can't wait to get my camera !, i just am anxious for some odd reason . probably for the faith , hope , and salvation battles of late 
had 2 work da normal & usual ....... ugh cant wait or da 9-5 
wow .... there r no problems in the world . its all how u look @ it . i realized this today and i also realize that my family is very important to me . no one is going to hurt them and no one is going to get b/t me and them . as a family of God the business is 
back from school , and the jewelers , and < PROPMALE>'s and anything else that i had to do to day .. i've never had a bad monday but this one is workin ' on my nerves .... the jewelers especially !!!! just wanna go to bed 
late shifting it check me out @ walmart ! lol ... lol not rly into the whole make money off a funeral ... this worldis comin 2 and end ... rip 4 once mj ... imean this is uncalled for 
mixed in emotion roller-coaster . < PROPFEMALE > has her baby on july the 16th ... yeah my b-day 2 . then i get to be there ! also burnt cause of the lies .... all he had to do is tell me the truth . it wouldn't be that bad right now if he would have just been open with 
just wanna go home . it is better today feeling better today , but its jst the fact of the matter . a lil happy b/c it will all work out 
wedding has been postponed . don't worry we r not separated or wnything we just feel pressured in do this so we are now saying we don't kno when we will get married but we will and when its okay for us not every1 else 
* tired * i rly need some sleep this schooling is gonna either kill me or make me better ( wedding plans postponed focused on me&him ) 
wishing da drama would stop & ppl would accept ppl 4 who they r . im sry 4 da sry ppl who exclude ppl but they want u 2 bend ova backwards 4 em & b nice in public bc they have a status-quo & da ppl that kno abt it aren't doing anything 2 fix it . dis is sad 
exhausted from last nights whims but still has da feelings . ppl just don't have respect anymore . we are not talkin ' abt da \world\ " either . bt me & u some ppl rly have an attitude problem & reject ppl bc they don't \ " do\ " like them . no i don't buy clothes ev " 
finally finsihed wit the vbs stuff my parents are awsome and so is my baby for stickin ' it out for 5 hrs of work that he nor my dad r use to . i hopeits worth the tyme cause i don't kno how much longer i am going to last doing everything and pushin myself 
SICKLYSTRESSED . OH THIS IS SO PAINFUL .... HOPES THIS DOSENT LAST ALL DAY 
i rly wish the favoritism would leave . im not going 2 let this ruin my teaching week but this is rly annoying now . its almost like he rly hates me . at least dats how i feel . likes every1else but me . i must be 2 different ... oh well cant plz everbody & gues 
in class & rly wide open 2 day . ready for vbs 2night ( can't kno body keep me down ) [ 2 days till my b-day can't wait to be 24 ] yeah i need to grow up 
so sry those who r \2 old for vbs\ " can't have fun . u just don't kno that u r stupid ! the rest of us are going to have fun like we are suppsoe to and u can just stick it 2 urself . i mean u can look crazed allday but guess wat . Jesus still loves me . does he " 
gotta niece , gotta study , getting ready for vbs 
A VISITOR OF THE YOUTH GROUP SAYS THANK YOU FOR USING HIM . U DON'T TALK TO HIM ANYMORE BC HE IS OLD ANS NOT THE NEW PERSON . ALSO WHEN AN ADULT IS TALKIN I THINK U NEED TO BE QUIET AND RESPECT THE WISDOM U R RECIEVING AND ALSO U NEED TO SHUT UP CAUSE U AIN 
U DON'T RESPECT UR ELDERS AND U NEED TO B/C I AM AN ADULT AND U CAN JSUT GET OVER IT . AND WHEN I SAY DO SOMETHING I MEAN DO IT B/C I AM OLDER THAN U AND I SHOULD HAVE THE RESPECT THAT I HAVE EARNED ON THIS EARTH . U CAN'T RESPECT ME I KNO U CAN'T RESPECT O 
hopefully 2day will be better maybe there will be more respect for the elders 2day i mean im gonna for sho tell it 2day , y ? cause i've got this thing handled 24 yrs and counting . happy abt the upgrade ! honor ur mother and fther and your yrs on the earth w 
ugh sick .... wish i could sleep better 
wishin i would feel better . i want to cry all the tym , even when i smile . i feel like a child , like its a rollercoaster gone bad . OH LORD HELP ME ! :'( 
gotta go to work , gotta do this , gotta do that , gotta go here , gotta go there , gotta meet u here , gotta take u there , gotta study , gotta clean , gotta , gotta gotta , there is a tym and a pace for everything 
tired but a little over joyed . Got my first b-day gift 2day .... thanks < PROPMALE > ! hopefully the rest will come in ! lol its not the gifts its the tym w/ those i love that i miss . they used 2 b family get 2gethers .... mine has become a dust < PROPFEMALE > under a rug 
feel a lil better now thatv ive talked 2 him .... actually God then him . it still worked out 
gotta test to day ! feeling better about it . Thanks < PROPMALE > Dison . I love you ! He is the love of my life , he is my opposite and i love him for it . if it wasn't for his wonderful insight and dail concern , devotion and not to forget his passion for God and the 
cant sleep gotta exam 2morrow ... LORD HELP ME ! 
getting ready 2 listen 2 class .... oh boy internet classes give me chills .... gnr ... not rly ! 
im enraged ! it may seem like bratty behavior but i have had it . i didn't ask 4 anything bc of the situation but wow my b-day will continue 2 b overlooked . it makes me not want 2 try 2 participate in any other activity . y cause alli ever want every yr is 2 
yeah in class & wishing i was in bed . still stressed abt everything 
well i walked into a surprise and it made me cry but it was still was sweet . i think i am still jealous of not being able to spend tym wit my fam . if that is such a feeling 
THIS IS THE LAST STRAW I HAVE HAD IT . TOO MUCH STRESS . ALL THEY WANT TO DO IS THINK ABT THEMSELVES & WAT IS IMPORTANT TO THEM NOT ME SO I AM GOING TO DO WAT IS IMPORTANT TO ME AND WHAT IS GOING TO GET ME FAR . I AINT WORRIED ABT WAT PPL THINK OR WAT THEY D 
another day 2pm-11pm boo-ya takin tym 2 my advantage 
drugged .... i think i took 2 much meds 2 feel better so ............. so ..... mmmmm ..... z ... z ... z ..... z ..... z 
who cares wat they think its all abt them judgin me . ive movedon its abt what i gotta do not makin u happy . make urself happy . i do cause i gotta do me . aint nobody else gonna . not depending on man 
another all nighter but happy its gotta new meaning . 
change of plans might b on my own for a year . hmm ... willing to accept the change . its worth a shot ! 
thinkin , is it rly happenin ? This is my opportunity . but i question whether o not i should take it . this is my dream i'm questioning 
hustlin ;) 
its a progression of sorts not foolish acts that my God ( that i have seemed 2 have forgotten helps me thru ) has placed b4 me to choose wisely : to consult Him 
a test today that i haven't even studied 4 late nights and earli morns aint even gettin it anymore . can't keep da info in . * sigh * * thinking*(its gotta b worth it ? ) 2 much to focus on i guess 
its just a season . if its like alabama it will change in 2 weeks . 
going 2bed . the news is out i am going 2 mobile ror 5 yrs . now the whole world can kno 
@ school wait .... ugh ! I thought i was still in my bed . bad wish gone wrong , still in pain but guess what i had big fun wit < PROPMALE > this passed week-end , the joys of not having to work nights on the weekend but it only lasted for a season ... like all things 
exhausted im alive but it seems the next 3 days r just moyion pics of my life ....... if i don't speak its not personal ..... just didn't comprehend . if it aint history biology , or chemistry u have lost me .... :) 
studying 
my actions should not be mistaken for foolishness , u just don't know what is instore for me huh ? its positive thinking you think ? 
how can someone make and f in a class they never attended ?! im am so fed up with gscc its getting rly bothersome 
well school is handled & im happy abt it readi 2 go 2 a celebration party abt it ...... ' celebrate good tyms come on!' 
EXCITED ABT MY GRADES READY 2 CELEBRATE ! J.R Life by stereo : Tonight ... ITS FRIDAY NIGHT , DA WEEKEND'S HERE & I FEEL ALRIGHT , WE KEPT DA FAITH THROUGH A LONELY FIGHT NOW ALL I WANNA DO IS BREATHE , BREATHE FALL BACK & REST N U , CAUSE LATELY IVE BEEN A LIL STESS OUT BUT IM NOT CRAZY CAUSE I FEEL SO ALIVE , SO CALL UP UR FRIENDS & START DA CELEBRATION ... PUT ON MY NEW PAIR OF SHOES , CAUSE IM FEELIN ' SO BRAND NEW ... 
depressed ? it isnt just me ne-more its da truth .... rly bummed 4 no reason @ all . but wat can i say it si wat it is 
dont get 2 do much 2day oh well .... 
chillin ! 2 day i think ? wat a day off and i don't have 2 go 2 school o work ? yay !!!!! enjoying it all til i have 2 clean up my room ... ugh .. mayb i'll do that in jan .... lol yeah 
oh did i clean my room ???? ugh ? i was suppose to relax 2 day .. mayb < PROPMALE > won't get mad ... hehehe .... didn't finish ran outta hangers ... the mountain of clothes turned into a mound ... it is possible to make a mountian in2 a mole hill ... victory ! hahahaha .. still watching 2 much video tho .. hehehe Teen Titans Go ! 
what is the difference bt a fool & a wise man ... nothing they both die & turn 2 dust .... a God victory ! who can say he is o isnt when breathing da same breath God gave once born . who is greater ? none we all perish 2 da dirt . only those who accept salvation are better/bitter depending on their life as a whole ; who reached , who sat still with a nose in da air , eventually it will b uncomfortable holdin it there 
ugh ! 
sick of this ... its lik callin me racists ... i mean rly ! 
i kno im not ready for 2day . but God is ... I let him have it . last night was pretty bad , but that was last night . 2day is new . i stand , im strong , & i read for myself wat victories r 4 me . Its me & God not u im concerned abt . if i dont watch myself i will fall just lik u . blind leading da blind ! id rather b a dummer of anotha beat 
all confusion has been deleted from my < PROPFEMALE > if u see it else where its not my issue any more , i will not go that far again if it causes that again i will claim the ' battle ' a loss and leave it at that . no more confusion to my unbelieving friends my bad i'm sorry for what was said . 
not relieved just feeling misunderstood , i knew God had 2day , so it rly isn't based on any kind of emotions , Wow its all different now , i have been enlightened 
? 
kinda happy answers were revealed but also sry abt wat happened , gonna do my duties & move on , i feel pretty bad bc i let myself get dropped down so far from when i was 15 yrs old , my walk , confidence , trust & faith , talk 2 my dad , my hubby , & my mom , & i finally realized that they have been listening & i was wrong , no more of it . im focused now & this is how its gonna b , im tired of fallin n da same hole 
graduated 2day ! excited ? still fighting to look my best on paper tho . 
this is who i want 2 b 4 the longest : I < PROPFEMALE > therefore dat da men pray everywhere , lifing up holy hands , wo wrath & doubting ; N lik manner also , dat sa women adorn themselves in modest apparel , w/ propriety & moderation , not w/ braided hair or gold or pearls or costly clothing , but which is proper 4 women professing godliness w/ good works . 
going 2 read & focus ... might meditate for a while . lookin @ a gscc grad . 
more & more excited abt graduating . it may not have been biology but it is still a graduate . ready 2 move on 2 phase 699,453,777,000 ! hey yall betta b prepared , u thing im a smart butt now , wit da amswers i got now from last night yall are in for it . lookin @ 2 gscc graduate ! 
ima c if mom washed dishes or mayb jj is idk i guess illo do something now bsides layin down . Proverbs 10:4 -5 He who has a slack hand becomes poor , But the hand of the diligent makes < PROPMALE > . he who gathers in summer is a wise son ; He who sleeps in harvest is a son who causes shame . 
i rly need dat check now ! God must have other plans , < PROPFIRST > 6:10 & 17 ; 4 da luv of money is da root of all kinds of evil , 4 which some have strayed 4m da faith in their greediness , & peirced themselves thru w/ many sorrows ... Command those who r < PROPMALE > n dis present age not 2 b haughty , nor 2 trust n uncertain < PROPMALE > es but n da livin ' God , who gives us < PROPMALE > ly all things 2 enjoy . 
2 financial blessing to start my savings movin . txt msg chains 4 blessings don't work but my God does ; Zechariah 9:12 ; Return 2 da strong hold , u prisioners of hope . Even today i declare that i will restore double to you . 
been sick as a dog ?! < PROPFIRST > 2:1 -3 ; U therefore , my son , b strong n da grace dat is n Christ Jesus . & da things dat u have heard 4m me among many witnesses , commit these 2 faithful men who will b able 2 teach others also . U therefore must endure hardship as a good soldier of J.C. 
mommy's home ! I have been accepted n2 USA & im off early i can count those as blessings right ?! Proverbs 12:25 ; Anxiety in the heart of a man causes depression , But a good word makes it glad 
waitin ' on < PROPMALE>'s black butt 2 get here ! lol ! He is very special to me ; < PROPFIRST > 6:3 ; Then this < PROPFIRST > distinguished himself above the govenors & satraps , bc and exceleent spirit was in him ; and the < PROPMALE > gave thought to setting him over the whole realm 
< PROPMALE > is here yay ! enjoying him even though he is sleepy/sleepin ; < PROPFIRST > 2:27 -28 Then you shall kno dat im n sa midst of Israel : i am da Lord your God & there is no other . My ppl shall never be put to shame . & it shall come 2 pass afterward dat i will pour out my spirit on all flesh ; your sons & daughters shall prophesy , your old men shall dream dreams , your young men shall see visions 
< PROPMALE > has gone home gizzy is sick ( so am i ) ... i believe he chose da dog ... Ecclesiastes 4:9 -10 ; 2 are better than 1 , because they have a good reward for their labor . For if they fall , 1 will lift up his companion . but woe to him who is alone when he falls , for he has no 1 to help him up . 
I did a number of things 2 day , car tag , license , deposited money , took jax 4 a walk , I thought the problems were solved for 2 day until da mail came in ; Proverbs 27:20 ; Hell & Destrustion are never full ; so the eyes of man are never satisfied 
a lot is on my mind ! not rly , outta skool & @ a loss 4 words ; < PROPMALE > 3:18 ; When i say 2 da wicked , ' U shall surely die , ' & you give him no warning , nor speak 2 warn da wicked from his wicked way , 2 save his life , that same wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; but his blood I will require @ your hand . 
as long as i stay busy the feelings will subside ? ( one of my favorite verses ! )Proverbs 20:24 ; A man steps are of the Lord ; how then can a man understand his own way ? 
I've been up since 7am ! God must b comin ' back 2day ! LOL Micah : 1-4 Hear all u ppls ! Listen , O earth , & all that is in it ! Let the Lord God b a witness against u , the Lord from His holy < PROPFEMALE > . 4 behold , the Lord is comin ' out of His place ; He will come down & tread on the high places of the earth . The mountains will melt under him , & valleys will split like wax before the fire , like maters poured down a steep place . 
just thinkin ' gotta lot of tym on my hands . Proverbs 10:26 ; As vinegar to the teeth and smoke to the eyes , so is the lazy man to those who send him . 
OH GOD ! I CRY OUT ! I NEED UR HELP ! all my decisions need ur help , so i start now when should i got to sleep ? lol Ecclesiastes 2:17 ; Therefore i hated life because the work that was done under the sun was distressing to me , for all is vanity and grasping for the wind 
Roll Tide ... church will b interesting tomorrow ! :)) ( no bible verse for a game sry ! ) 
um interesting ! 
oh ... plz Lord Hear my cry ! Psalm 5:1 -3 Give ear to my words , O Lord , Consider my meditation . Give heed to the voice of my cry , My < PROPMALE > and my God , For to You i will pray . My voice You shall hear in the morning , O Lord ; in the morning i will directed it to You and i will look up . 
went thru some old stuf , all ya'll ' 03 graduates of pchs ! remember da days ?! looked @ skool stuf , found my diploma , pictures , Wow we look different now ! and other stuff even letters passed in class ! man noticed how high school hasn't rly changed from the real world . lol ... and they said it would b better .. HA ! did enjoy thinkin abt da past til my belly started hurting .. i think i may have appendicitus :( 
home 4m watchin ' ' i can do bad all by myself ' ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ) very good show i might say ! loved it ! more madea in it than i thought it would be ... very funi & dramatic . < PROPFIRST > knos how 2 capture an audience . cryin ' 1 moment then laughin da next .... thats talent .. Enjoyed it even more when it included my sweetheart ! ~ love u timmy ! ~ 
Why can't i just be angry ?! I didn't sin , i just didn't like the the comment . so i got mad , is it horrible to get mad now ? this is pointless . there is no reason to get mad @ me bc im mad . my feelings & if i bring it to you then that is fine , your feelings . but if its just me leave me alone . 
not excited abt goin 2 da dr 2morrow . gonna find out what is wrong with me : cyst or appendicitis , whichever its not good ! 
go to the doctor @ 10 , find out wat is rly causin ' this pain ... its getting to the point of unbearable . Hear my cry o LORD ! 
Went 2 the dr. still hurtin and full of fluids ! ugh and u wonder y i don't wanna go to the dr. i will hate the < PROPMALE > when it gets here ! any body wanna help wit da newly found fund raiser .... still don't know anything more when i left 
went out with my girl ( < PROPFIRST > ) she needed me and i am so glad i was able to b there for her ! Got the results back from the drs office : its a pulled muscle and an ovarian cyst on my right side . well @ least sugery isn't mandatory .... 
survived walmart by myself today ! yay ! ( not rly ) but anyway did my first 2 mile walkin a long time ( i think it was 2 < PROPMALE >?!) < PROPMALE > joined me & we loved it we will b doin ' that more offten , the pain is always better w/ meds ( loratab ! drugs ! ) hehehe .... but it did make my walk easier .. 
playin checkers wit tracey .... and hungry even though i ate well & everything guess i need a light snack ... wat 2 eat ??? 
rain hold off plz i just wanna do a lil walkin ' today . i mayb hurting still but the joys of just walkin ... being able to walk make the difference for me right now . its a hidden blessing that some one forgot to thank God 4 ... like me 
TIRED !!!! Looking forward to my walk tomorrow and so happy for < PROPFEMALE > ! ( where's < PROPFEMALE > ? it fits what happened 2 ! ) Feel good abt myself & what i have acomplished 2day . Cant wait to read a little 2night & get refocused . i can't tell some1 to focus on themselves if im not doing the same ... thx < PROPFEMALE > bc of ur trial , i have found my faults as well ... 2 God b da < PROPFEMALE > ! 
enjoyin ' da sounds of thunder been anxious abt a little bit of sky action .... gotta stay up late 2nite for a good reason .. 2 work ova night tomorrow and then b off with my sweetheart on saturday da joys of wal-mart's screw ups .. can't wait to spend da whole day with him .... love hum graciously .. still feel bad though ... keep me uplifted in pray ... 
need to be a sleep gotta work ova night for a night , the blessing in disguise is that i will b off saturday and sunday ... YAY ! enjoing da tym wit < PROPMALE > now though even though he is sleepy ( lik i should b ) & < PROPFIRST > , me & < PROPMALE > is clownin ' abt gas .. wat a convo !!! 
its bed time !!!! with a wonderful weekend ahead of me ... Satan meant it for bad but God meant it for good . see someone lied 2 get out of something but it still worked out even though they tried to hurt me ... lets u & everyone else kno that God has covered me even when it doesn't seem like he has 
awake ?! i rly need 2 got back2 it ! but of course im probably up 4 da rest of da day ... guess < PROPMALE>'s plans r now in affect ! 
sleepy ! waiting on < PROPMALE > & wondering if he is living up to the ' he is late mostly ' expectations . i told him he was slow about getting ready .... who is the girl in da relationship ....... um !? 
don't have a clue what to do anymore i rly just wish i didn't have to make such a decision 
the choice will b made i hope God tells me soon ..... 
more info revealed itself 2night .... anything is still up for grabs .. the Lord Will let one of us kno soon & then every1 else will kno . i learned so much in da last 2 hours dat it hurts 
lets see wat this day brings .... hopefully not another weekend explosion ! 
the situation seems to get worse with each piece of information .... oh Lord plz oh plz hear my weeping ... its hurting my heart , soul ... the confusion fear and above all change 
I pray this isnt the sacrifice that i have to make to satisfy God . obedience is better than sacrifice ... but God also called is Only to sacrifice like < PROPMALE > commanded to offer < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > his dignity with a prostitute 4 a wife , is my heart on that altar ? 
Wanting to enjoy my day even though i missed some important things i thought , either way it is all greatly looked @ as i go out in da world to find hidden treasures yet again . there is none righteous no not one . 
being sick isn't fun ! neither is havin ' 2 work being sick any more fun ... searchin ' for da healin powers now .. da treasure can wait til im up to par to search for it whole heartedly . i am healed by his stripes ! 
well its rainin ' wat else is new ... lol maybe it will cool down walmart so i don't have a heat stroke 2day ... still not ova da cold but going to work ain't helpin any either ... so LORD hear my cry and heal my land ! 
very excited ! its so much fun when u kno that God is on ur side no matter how u feel and that HE is takin ' care of my every need and the occasionally wants .... i feel like crap right now as i have been for the last 3 days but i still feel the LIGHT trying to burst out of me ... oh what great things he has in sotre for me ! 
home from church waitng on < PROPMALE > to get here ... yay ! a little excitement never hurt any body 
GREAT GOD ALMIGHTY ! i im a bit of pain all of a sudden ! mayb my body is tellin ' me to call in to work ... hehehe . either way abt to dope myself up on pain meds . A wonderful cool night tonight .. enjoyed talkin ' 2 < PROPMALE > outside under da stars ... hehehe . Loved the weather 2day 2 ! gotta lot 2 b thankful 4 huh ? PRAISE HIM ! 
disturbed .... something is not right ... idk what or who but something is not right .... i guess my feelings are a cautious word to someone maybe myself ? 
im wit a lot of ppl 2day as far as da weather goes . < PROPFIRST > and i came home late last night bringin in groceries ... well needless 2 say i had 2 have a little bit of heat on . then looked on da TWC desktop & saw some < PROPFIRST > i haven't seen in a while ..... 55* ! well its official ... timberlands where u at ?! Hello fleece ! 
tired & exhausted ! From wat u ask ? workin ' @ walmart ! have u ever lifted da < PROPFEMALE > that comes in for da holidays ... its horrible ! & if u haven't seen da < PROPFEMALE > this yr for halloween don't go to walmart ! it is so gross this yr . just about every box i've opened it has made me scream and it takes a bit 2 scare me . 
rly wishin this pain would stop ... its gettin ' annoying 
im wondering what i am gettin myself into ... Oh Lord oh LORD ! that is all i can say is OH LORD ! 
so much pain an very little meds ... feelin better after a much needed time with my LORD tho !!!!!! i knew it was something i was missing that had me irritable but now ive satisfied my craving ... it was jus hunger pains ! lol 
already missin ' < PROPMALE > & he just left * sigh * got more plans & fewer ideas 2 deal wit ' em * big sigh * rly wishing this was easier * sigh again * any more serious & i will probably have fits ! * sighing continously * 
Wat is da purpose for me to do wat i do and it gets shot down everytym !? im about to quit and jus say fgorget it and move on . its easier to handle me anyway 
still wake i huess i'll allow God to speak 2 me even though it seems like its a brick wall in front of me 
thinkin ' abt all da drama that is flowing my way ... ill feelings , truth bubblin ' up inside of me , attack mode initiated , and an act of confusion that i don't need ..... here i am again LORD HELP ME ! 
so got up just a bit ago , started 2 think about what i needed 2 do 2day & well Im kinda stuck ... i've got pink eye ... pete nordquist !... can't drive w/o da glasses ... Timmy has em ... long story ... so im blind and can't go no where !!!!! 
when it all comes down to it ... well it is wat it is now isn't it ? i have nothin deep today just kinda enjoyed da day wit some friends ; 2 hours and co-workers for abt 5 hours . just enjoyin a laid back day can't wait for da same fun 2morrow . < PROPMALE > and i get to take the folks out to eat ! YAY ! 
enjoyed time with my parents @ < PROPFEMALE > garden ! < PROPMALE > and I got some great advice and well instructed direction on our path . The future is looking great and will be happy to dwell on the details later on as the time allows . 
so sleepy and tired . anybody care to explain y pain jus won't let u sleep when u are exhausted ? need a big pill like a killer pain pill . yeah with a sword and shiney armor ... lol 
enjoyed church service a lot . it help me to make a decision that i rly didn't have to make ! 
alot going on today . worked a full 8 hrs ! havent done that in a month ! feet are screaming but that is a good thing ... i think . came home played with jax , counseled < PROPFIRST > VVV ( look below :)) did the nightly duties for my body now abt 2 talk to timmy ... do i have 2 ?! lol jk .. love him dearly . 
tired ! isn't da word . well enjoyed the encouraging talk from my grandmother . it rly helped out a lot and of course new info that i didn't kno revealed its little head . ok i get it i need to listen more cool wateva , im good wit dat . tomorrow is not a good day to 2 errands but i haven't done them in so long ... i might pass out going out on my off day ! figures lol 
is it turning out to b a fatal attraction ? wat is going to happen ? its not a drama it just plain crazy 
depressed . its hittin me hard now . 2 much stress when there isnt a need 4 it 
a little depressed * sigh * mayb its the weather * sigh * ive been takin my meds so i kno it ain't self neglet ! * well gotta a big day 2morrow not going to work makes any of my days biggies ... lol 
been back from mobile for abt 30 mins now enjoyed the well needed getaway from the normal life . didn't get the info that i wanted but its all good cause either dream made me happy im just happy God chose it for me 
anxiety is acting up , good news bad news it is all da same to my heart right now . sleepy , cold and did i mention sleepy ! i wanna go back to the beach where the blue skies are and warm weather dwell ! 
oh-yeah chillin ' @ da house ... much needed rest & relaxation 
washed from head to toe ! feelin da cleanliness in my sould too ! idk why but after a day of work and a deep cleaning shower jus seems to wash everything away from the actually visible dirt all the way to the stresses of da day . By the way homemade chili chees fries are so niffty .. lik cool beanies ! 
jus got thru watchin a movie .. interesting 
feeling sick , aggravated , trembling wit da shakes , gettin angry , hurting from head to toe and wanting some rest . ugh cold weather !!!! 
getting ready to work on da resume . Im taking a step so that God may bless it i pray . i have been thinking abt how interesting life is when it comes down to the petty things . 2 1 it is small 2 another it is big , who is 2 judge the difference in the 2 . a wise man once said ; ' don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things ' 
well abt 2day . it is what it is and i am ready for it . i might not feel to good but this is small to me . there are bigger mountains to climb so this hill is just a resting period til i get to the bottom of what seems impossible 
im n a position right now dat makes me wonder if i am equipped wit da rite stuf . i've bn beat down emotionally , physically , & mentally . all i have left is the spritual reserve & i can say it is runnin ' lo . i should have had it full so when days lik this happen i would b prepared . U can't get prepared for a hurricane after da damages . when will i learn 
DONT THINK I LIKE THE NEW FACEBOOK !!!!! i mean i rly don't think all this change is meaningful , i don't care who u are friends with ! ugh !!!! something else i have to read late @ nite ! anywaays i believe things are out in the open now and MEMAW : i want to give u props for your insight thank you bunches ! 
im the size of a beached whale and i can't fit in any cof my clothes ! well at least i can smile right ?! anyway it is all good ima take some more pain meds and hope 2 goodness the swellin ' goes down ova nite . i rly do hate this cyst . its a serious pain . 
is in lovely STRETCH sweat pants T'SHIRT , and mix-matched toe socks . the perfect signs of a relaxing night . the Joys of my may < PROPMALE > being out of town for the weekend ... R&R is all i gotta say ... 
crack a window , open a door , bust a whole in da wall , lift da roof , stomp down da floor take down da frames . OH , Tornado visit me in this hr . something is wrong when the egg yolks r missing & the egg shells are all ova da house ... tension is not the word crazII & tremendously ova dramatic busted glass is the real decsription . 
Wat happened today ? everyone like grew up ova a period of 5 hrs and i didn't even kno it til 2nite ! i felt more 2day than i every had and doing it w/o < PROPMALE > kinda reminds me why i am marrying him . i haven't talked to him for 2days and the drive to hug him and release to each other makes a difference in each others lives . i miss him a lot . :'( 
i just laughed so hard I abt peed on myself ! hehehe ! ready 2 take some pain meds & hit da sack . i rly should say that stayin up til 5 in da morning reading a < PROPMALE > dekker & < PROPFIRST > peretti special , while its dark & da book plot is in alabama where u live , isn't a good idea . only had 2 hrs of sleep & want 2 read more ! love the book almost as my bible-naw ! its got better stories 4 my life . 
Well I've been 2 Childersburg 2day , Celebrations in Pell City , and now I'm home getting ready 2 become friends with a job search engine . The new outlook on my life have brought a diff . kind of urgency 2 do what I am suppose 2 do . I have a family 2 look out 4 now & I suppose it is surfacing in2 what I do . I know God has His ways of lettin ' me know 
i was just put in my place and i am now over the shock . i was told i was moody , and a bunch of other things . i guess the truth is what it is and i can do lil 2 change it . going to bed and enjoy the fact that someone i loved put me in my place ... some broken hearts are worth living with . it makes u a person not a monster . 
im tired , its not from working its from figuring things out & dealing with ppl . i want to cry . 
oh im so happy its ova fa me ! i can't believe the irritations that have happened 2day yesterday was bad 2day was worse ! it had all died down by the time i left but the first 6 hours was pure ... ugh ! i appreciate the money race fans but my my my ... ive got more stories on my wonderful belt of working @ walmart . 
im very um distraught right now all i ask is for prayer . thats what i rly need 
ya'll keep praying .. there has got to b something instore for me 
keep praying ppl ... something is gotta come thru ! 
okay its a rough start this week but um i suppose God does have something instore cause the lashes of pain continue 2 embark on me ... satan is a liar & a thief & mine is da LORD'S!!! 
awake & still amazed ... He still loves me . He is God . & He has His hand over me even when i walk astray .. He is God ! * tear * ya'll just dont kno wat He has done 4 me so i can just imagine wat He has done 4 you His children ! 
For those of you who dont kno- i was in a car wreck sunday @ about 530 pm going 2 < PROPMALE>'s house . i rear-ended a ' 92 GMC < PROPFIRST > punctured their gas tank as i was told . I was probably going abt 50 when i hit the stationary car , my car is totalled ( Pics ) and i came out with 2 broken fingers . im alive and well outside of that . Praise God cause it could have been worse . 
is this season ever goin ' 2 end . 4 the past 2 wks its been horrible 1 thing after another with me . enough is enough ! This < PROPFEMALE > rainy season has 2 end ! 
im alive and well ... well that is 96% of me . i jammed my broke fingers the other day @ work and i just seem 2 keep going down hill . i am so tryuin 2 stand in this storm that has yet 2 sho signs of letting up but God be the < PROPFEMALE > regardless . it is getting rough , the waves are crashing in hard . 
frustrated . angry . irritated . ugh men ! is it worth it ?! God didn't mean for it to be this hard . satan has got to stop it now . i rebuke him . what else am i to do . 
another day and things still do not look good on the horizon .. mayb the sun is rising but i just can't tell cause im not lookin @ the glass as half full but i could rly b lookin @ the glass as half empty bc i need to finish this up for a bettter drink ... sounds good to me ... i might need the sun to set bc i need the rest to bable to accept the blessing when it comes ! 
to accept the blame is also make a better person . well i am not worthy and i a horrible person i want Jesus to come in and take over . i am not trying to put my problems on you i just want you to have the whole life , that i seem to keep pickin up pieces to try and fix this like i don't trust him to fix it all . when will i learn i guess i will never kno til i do ... 
thanks vets ! and thank you to those that are still fighting for the freedom of so many strangers but also fighting for your families , your lives and your country . i do appreciate it . i saw the pic previews of 2012 . i think it might be corny but i tend to like things abt the end of times . it fascinates me 
finished cleaning my room ... still not done with the laundry part ! guess since everything is closed i'll have to do my car shoppin online ... hehehehehe .... no big money spender for me but boi i do want my own car this rental deal has me on edge evertime i drive it . its a nice car its just that ITS NOT MINE !!!! plus its a chevy ... :( 
i am happy to hear an encouraging word from the Lord thru my dad but not a famous quote from < PROPFIRST > Kerr . oh how embarrassing ! sniff i'll guess that's what i get as a pk .... OH , da shame and mockery !... lol it was awsome for me i will spread the news more often . Christ's love shall not b hidden by me ! 
I SO WANT 2 GO TO SLEEP . I AM EXCITED ABT MY INSURANCE COMPANY BEING SO HELPFUL ... I WILL BE IN MY OWN COMFORTABLE RIDE SOON ENOUGH ! 
yes its tru . jus let me have my time thru this 
IM BACK BUT ONLY BC THE ANCHOR HOLDS ! 
There r a lot of ppl that i can thank for the situation that im in , but it takes more than a mere human to take the ' big ' picture & move the actors on the giant ' footstool ' stage of God & we all dance accordingly . The # 1 being i thank & give my upmost praise to is GOD . He has been a friend protecting me , when i couldnt see , and hiding me under the shadow of His wing . ~ ~ Isreal New Breed : Alive in South Africa 
I WANT 2 THANK GOD FOR THE SUPPORTIVE PPL HE HAS PUT IN MY LIFE DURING THIS TIME . MOM , DAD , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , CONCHETTA , < PROPFIRST > , KORVELL , < PROPMALE > , CHURCH MEMBERS : < PROPFEMALE > BOWMAN , THE KERRS , MEMAW & POP-POP NORQUIST , < PROPFEMALE > GURLEY , WORLEYS , < PROPFEMALE > TOMLIN , < PROPFIRST > TROTT , AND MANY MORE . THE PRAYERS ARE GREATLY APPRECIATED & THE LOVE IS BEING SOAKED IN 
its been a week . thx for the encouragement guys & girls alike . i made it not bc of you but bc of wat God has told you to do which makes me turn 2 God & say thank you for showing me ur mercy , grace , compassion , love , & expanding my faith thru it all . this is still a good thing even when on the outside looking in seems bad . COUNT IT ALL JOY . 
* sigh * it has felt like a certain someone has been laughing @ me all day . 3 things came up 2 me today all related 2 them . it just seems like they r getting a kick out of this . im mad but then im also numb . mayb not too much scar tissue will build up over my wounds & i'll b able 2 b me : a little better not bitter 
making it thru another day was hard but God got me thru it . i am praying for those who need it request it & other things but i rly am askingfor it myself . i kno God has something instore for me . he has 2 for a trial like this one 
is hopeful in that she found another blessing & not jus an excuse . inspiration : < PROPFEMALE > adams cd day by day . i wish i had found it sooner when the trial happened weeks ago 
Hoping this new \step\ " is forward not backward . Trusting is hard when man distorts it but trusting in God should b easy no matter what . When you go thru things looking @ wat you have gone thru & then noticing you never trusted Him in the first place lets you realize where your trust was in the first place . " 
God uses things 2 make u realize where u r in life . i wish that God didnt feel the need to remind me where i am . one thing after another & i thought my heart was healing . 
is not saying much cause i want to focus on me . When God drags me thru a mud hole and smacks me around to the point of feeling hopeless i think He wanted my attention well He got it and i think im going to listen for a change . why did i forsake time with Him b4 i will never kno . but im pretty sure i think this pain will resurface each time i even have a slight inkling of a thought of possibly doing that again 
( loved ) the service @ church it was just BURSTING WITH ( LOVE ) & direction . I guess i can b mad but still must ( LOVE ) . I also enjoyed fellowship with potential members it was ( lovely & fun . im a little excited abt what is going on . but also cautious . God is the only one i can & will trust 
in the end , at the end of the day when it is all said & over with GOD still gets the < PROPFEMALE > . My Father saved me from a huge mess and set my feet back on solid ground . what i thought was perfect deemed not perfect . what i thought was for me wasn't . My thoughts are NOT HIS thoughts . I want to give GOD all the < PROPFEMALE > , props and everything bc of what he has done . THANK YOU GOD !!!!! 
SO Sleepy ! I have a feeling that GOD is talking 2 me in a way that i need 2 b awake but , LORD couldn't you talk to me at a earlier time ? Of course not i wouldn't be paying any attention then like now quiet & peaceful . No 1 talking but me & Him the best conversation in the world , the Creator of all wants to spend time with a sinner like me & just let the rain fall ( literally ) . 
everytime i got to the hair dresser's i get new info from 1 of the ladies that goes there or my hair dresser . well we had church today & i enjoyed every minute of it . i was having fun , & praising God all in the middle of it . & then when it was all said & done my recent testimony proved powerful to one person & confirmed in their own trial that they are not alone . Praise to the Most High God & Father of all creation ! 
The 1 book that has all the answers is the 1 book we tend to allow to collect dust . The 1 book that you pay 1 time for has all the self-help you could ever find . This is the 1 book that we rarely even look to . This 1 book has the Mind of God , the answers of salvation , the joy of the spirit , and the ending of ' thus saith the LORD ' . Why not rely on Sola Scriptura ? It all ends up being Soli Deo < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I so enjoyed my time well spent with < PROPFEMALE > Griffin , she is the most awesomess person in the world to watch tebow cry and then make fun of him and then just have a girls night out I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! RTR ! 
I am also happy to state that tebow has now signed a contract with the kleenex company . new commericals !..... gnr ..... lol .... oh yeah good stuff ... RTR 
When u notice that God is trying 2 grow u , that is when u realize Who is in control . I am a testimony 2 it all : from the rock bottom , 2 the humility , & then the big slap in the face . I have already witnessed God's work at hand from what He brought me thru . I can only give Him < PROPFEMALE > for it all . 14 yr old christian saved by the grace & given the mercy that i have never deserved . Its AMAZING 2 be a friend of God ;) 
UGH ! NO COMMENT SO IRRITATED ! The message was for me i guess i could have used it tonight but you know enough is enough even GOD has told me that . trust me I kno ! 
had a little fun tonight . interesting fun . didn't think it would have lasted 3 1/2 hrs either 
The thing is tonight it was just me and jax ! good stuff silent night holy night all is calm and whoa its not bright cause the lights are out and the sleep is in .... love a quiet house and it aint even mine ! oh so peaceful ... sleeeeep in heavenly peeeaace ! Amen ! 
I HAVE A DREAM , --- NICOLE C . MULLENS A DREAM TO BELIEVE IN 
The movie blindside was great it was awesome to watch a movie that made you cry , laugh and get excited too . it was great ! 
WONDERING Y I AM ENTERTAINIING THIS FELLOW , ITS GOT TO B SOMETHING BUT WHAT IT IS WILL ONLY B SHOWN THRU TIME I SUPPOSE 
I have noticed something over the last few days : when i think about things too much the outcome is forced in the opposite direction and the looks of things are bleek and gray . learning to use color in a way of expressing and impressioning makes me understand the thoughts on those things 
what does this day mean to you ? how will you take it ? where will you take it ? i have my feelings but that doesn't matter , its what it is that matters . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to you all ! 
It's a lot easier to follow God but of course me , myself can't ever take the easy way i must always take the path that says \see if you can do it without Him\ " . When will i ever learn that < PROPFEMALE > gets the wise farther than a hasty fool " 
As I was talking to a friend today i realized that encouragement can go a long way . Through the tears , through the pain , as we hold each other & confiding in God the pain seems to lift a little . Unfortunately as the humans that we are , having a pity party always seems more fun . 
When u break down its like the weight of ur head is the only thing u can hold cause if u try to hold anything else it comes to the point of unbearable stress . The yolk is easy and burden light , then y is it our heads bashing each time the problem arises . its as if i wanted it to be heavy 
Once you find out who u are u are aware of Whose u are and then the problem of who you are is fixable 
Welcoming 2011 with open arms & laughter 
Taking away the past is a never ending fault . No one has conquered it , and no one will . It takes the act of God to established the future that is a result of the past . PRESENT + PAST = FUTURE . Never doubt urself for any moment that what u are going through is something not ordained . WORD OF THE WISE TO MYSELF 
It gets pretty bad when you are unhappy . Its worse when no matter where u turn the unhappiness follows . It's even worse when it comes from those u love . I hate to be the one in bt ppl cause i rly don't think that it is fair to me . I know some1 needs to confide in some1 but i'd rather u pick ur friends that don't have to worry about them chosing whose side to b on . I will not bite the hand that feeds me . 
the first time i actually enjoyed working at walmart . I was able to watch the 1st half of the game and then \speed\ " home to watch the 2nd half . Awesome Roll Tide .. i guess everything in texas aint big ! " 
just cause ingram's got a crap doesn't mean the tide is out so texas get ur boots back on and start walking . that is the only thing they will b used for ! 
that is ur last touchdown and u need to stop playing dirty . y can't we incorrporate a foul in football ?! 
come on tide work like a team ! dont get cocky ! 
what in the blazes of life itself is this game coming to ?! COME ON TIDE UR LOSING IT FOR NO REASON !!!!!! 
IF BAMA WINS IT WILL B GREAT BUT THE PLAY WILL B SRY . END THE GAME WITH A BANG NOT AN ALMOST WANNA B BANG 
PLAY IT RIGHT TIDE ITS JUST A TOUCH DOWN NOT A MATH PROBLEM ! 
I WANNA HUG INGRAM . HE IS A TROOPER !!!!!! RTR ! 
GO AHEAD AND GIVE US THE GAME LONG HORNS ITS OVER FOR U ! 
BAMA GOT ITS CONFIDENCE BACK 
RTR 
SEC ! 
ITS OFFICIAL THE BAMA HAS ROLL THE TIDE OVER THE LONG HORNS AWESOME COMEBACK GUYS JUST GREAT ! 
ENJOYING THE TIME TO B AN ANNOYING BAMA FAN ! SOME ONE HAS TO RUB IT IN SOMEONES FACE FOR IT TO FEEL GOOD ! 
THAT WAS A GREAT STORY TO GO TO BED ON . * YAWN * GREAT ENDING TOO ! 
I am at home nicely warm bt the fire and my blankets . The warmth of the heart is very misunderstood . it is very deceitful , above all things . 
God has kept me I survived bc He has a plan 4 me All bad relationships , addictions , consequences , repossessions , death of loves ones , back stabbin 4m friends , neg thoughts , & lack of support i made it bc im blessed ! i release & let go of past hurts , misunderstandins , & grudges bc im abundantly Blessed ! I recognize them as illusions , & sent from da enemy 2 kill my spirit , steal my joy & destroy my faith ; 
something happened to today that may make some wonder what happened and others just nosey . Too bad u couldn't have felt it , but since you are still wondering keep doing that and maybe you will understand its not what u saw , or heard , its what i felt . 
Well the new year has started . i have taken the steps to getting back to what i was doing b4 when the Joy of the Lord was all i needed . the Holy Spirit made the love just shine and unless you know what that feeling is , and the love that you have yet to experience will never show . dont judge me bc u don't understand y i do the things i do 
(* sick * the dizzy spells won't leave . ) Despite that , its been 2 months of the absolute ' coming out party ' . Sry to those that couldn't make it , but the important ppl are here & bump the rest of ya'll! I love God , get over it or get BOUNCED out of my party ! This actor has a part to play & party poopers aint allowed ! So get right or get lefted cause the rest of us got some serious celebration to do ! 
But if it became true , Kalman would eliminate her . 
cleaning .... wat a mean cuss word ! along with the other letters of the alphabet with words that start with a .. b ... c ... d ... e ... f ... g ... h .. i .. j .. k .. lol ... thought i was going to keep it going naw i gotta do the ' c ' word b4 the ' w ' word ( work ) yeah this is an all day thing u guys better get ready for it ! If being a child causes me joy and peace guess what my plans are today ! 
Well da ' C ' word is finally complete . ( cleaning ) Bt da dreaded ' W ' word which was for only 4 hours ! ( work ) I am so glad that God has given me the gifts that I have . U will never know the Joy that I have bc the gift is personal , but u can have the type of Joy that I have bc God has something personal for u 2 . God didn't put me here 2 fail , but 2 excel . Complete , with the < PROPFEMALE > place abundantly in His Name ! 
mayb i shouldn't have taken that leap ... 
I did the macarena witha pickle riding a motorcycle bc Big Bird said to and he is my leader . 
Amazing ! to be LOVED , not by men but by GOD , so sincerly that it makes you want to CRY , the JOYS , of THE ROCK , THE LOVE , THE BLOOD , THE CHRIST , HIM ALONE ! 
WELL IN A NUTSHELL THE DAY ENDED IN WHAT I THOUGHT WAS AN EMBARRASSED MOMENT ... UNTIL MY FIRENDS ASKED ME WHO I WAS AND WHEN WAS SHE COMING BACK ... THEN I REALIZED , SHE IS LOST AND I HAVE TO GO FIND HER ... I FOUND HER SHE IS WITH GOD IN ICU .. ( INTENSIVE CHRISTS UNIT ) SHE'LL B BACK AFTER HER TRAINING ... 
Oh God is .... words cannot express . U can never know unless u know , bc it takes a personal bond to know , that to know is past the realm of ur knowledge : GOD 
Oh this un-gracious headache ! The world seems lighter when the STRONGEST arms are holding the ' biggest ' cares . Its different trials when you look at the HUGE solution . How much bigger do u think GOD is gonna get ? He has been the same size the whole time . u just keep piling the dirt on & making it out to be ' bigger ' than the STRONGEST . 
During this week please change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you have been told you look like ... lets keep the fun going ... post this to your profile and message your friends with it ! 
Up this early ?! Seriously !? Ugh man , I could have used that last hr of sleep ! Mayb not since GOD did wake me up . When I looked at the CLOCK I thought I was in heaven .... cause I knew GOD wasn't playing no JOKES this EARLY in the MORNING ! 1 . ) It AINT funi & 2 . ) Its just wrong ! ( but \my thought are not Your thoughts or my ways Your ways \")" 
frustration ... any evil tool to use , but gets me everytime . Its like a cascading affect on everything in life . First you lose focus , second you stray , and thirdly everything falls apart . The best motivation in it all is stop when you lose focus , I can barely walk in a straight line when I'm not wearing glasses , or contacts ! 
So if u have NOTICED , Satan is DUMB ! Know ur enemy ! EVERYTHING that he uses is EVERYTHING that can be taken & used 4 JESUS . He is a copy cat ! Nothing that he has as ammo is something he created on his own . Its all on what WE give him to use ! UGH ! I wished I had NOTICED this earlier in the BATTLE ! 
on the floor 
4 those who are praying for ; < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > said that she would b out of the hospital on tuesday . 
So I finally REALIZED that what I REALIZED wasnt tru , but I didnt want 2 REALIZE the truth bc Im human w/ a horrible REALIIZATION memory . Every1 has at least 1 REAL skeleton in their closet ; Not the fact that its there but , the person who wants 2 get RID of it , or KEEP it there , or dust it off 2 make ' em feel better abt it . Im not perfect , my flaws r endless so Im not here 2 judge . Just 2 guide w/ a humble spirit 
So when u are sick and tired of where u are at it's time to move on . 
Noticed the BIG PICTURE yet ?! 2 many times that one problem misses out on what it really means in the BIG PICTURE . Repeat : BIG PICTURE & mayb you will SEE the BIG PICTURE . GOD is BIGGER than our problems . the BIG PICTURE is BIGGER than our world . BIG things come to those who wait . BIG BIG BIG PICTURE . 
PRAY w/o ceasing , PRAY bc we need it , PRAY bc its a commandment , PRAY when things are good , PRAY when things are ugly , PRAY just bc u like to talk and GOD is the only one who will listen . 
I HATE WALMART ! I RLY DO ! IM NOT SUGAR COATING IT OR BEING \NICE\ " . I WORK AROUND PPL DAT R UNGRATEFUL . MANAGEMENT WANTS ME 2 RETURN 2 DA SLAVE DAYS & BUST MY TAIL 4 NO MONEY ! THIS IS RIDICULOUS ! JUST BC I CANT CREATE A MIRACLE IN LESS THAN 3 HRS U WANT 2 TELL ME I NEED 2 WORK FASTER ITS DA DAY B4 VDAY NEXT TIME ILL RUN DA CUSTOMERS OVER ! & TAKE OVER DA VILLAGE ! UGH I CAN'T WAIT 17 MORE WKS AND IM GONE !!!!! " 
To all of my single friends HAPPY SINGLES AWARENESS DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OH YEAH BABY ! We are so it , we saved money , didn't have to fight a crowd , and we can hangout without anyone's approval . WOOOOOHOOOOO . Happy Singles Awareness Day !!! 
well i wouldn't b lying by sayin : U missed it ! Aw u missed it somethings you shouldn't miss out on & 2nite was one of those nites ! 
Since my body KNOWS it doesn't have 2 go 2 work later on TODAY MAYBE I was thinking it would SHUT IT down ... NOT but listening 2 the rain is most enjoyable . Almost as much as sittin on the BEACH watchin the WAVES & enjoying the sounds of them . Nature GOD'S GIFT 2 us wretched ppl who havent learned 2 appreciate that gift that was given so long ago along with the rest of them 
Its sad when the visiting pastor is so in-tuned with God that he can pick out the LAUNDRY in the church . I mayb the only one who noticed but he is a MAN of GOD . I mean just throwing dirity clothes everywhere & then turn and looked at us like DUH !!!!.. LOL just incase u can't read in b/t the lines I AM LOVING THE REVIAL AT OUR CHURCH THIS WEEK ! 
Dr. Jekylls first name is Henry .... HENRY ! 
SO GOD IS GREAT RIGHT ! That was a statement not a question . 
Feeling cramped . Lingering in the freedom of the Holy Spirit .... That is the only freedom that i can freely express without question 
Have you every felt like you were invisible ? Like some people diliberately ignore you ? Or maybe that when it occurs to you that its not all about you . Notice its all about God . He is ignored more than any of us . How would you feel if you were around for thousands of yrs & completely ignored . Our life is nothing but a vapor . HE is eternal 
Who has washed their vehicle at 11pm ? I have ! Not by choice . See the Lord knows I needed to wash my car ... Well I guess God said tonight was my special night . I want to thank the idiot who splattered some carmelized crap on my car & tires so that my brakes would start scrubbing . Which caused me to have to wash my car when I got home at 11pm ! 
Hypothermia is not good at all 
I wouldn't call myself crazy , just mentally hilarious 
I LOVE full moons ! I LOVE the God who created it all . If it wasn't for full moons that I LOVE freakish things wouldn't happen : Kids playing hide & go seek , and cheerleading skits at walmart , my room being clean OH A FLOOR !, & the great feeling you have when you are doing something you enjoy : Laughing ! If God has a sense of humor why shouldn't we ? 
is sick .. where's a sexy male nurse when you need one ? 
SOMETIMES YOU FEEL LIKE A NUT , SOMETIMES YOU DON'T , WHOO-HOO-WHOO-HOO , ALMOND JOY'S GOT NUTS , BUT MOUNDS DON'T . ~ ALMOND JOY/ MOUND COMERCIAL REMIX . When I feel like a nut for real its beyond me cause I kno I am not the ONE WHO is keeping me from going nuts on ppl . It's a prayer I read one time . God keep me from showing ppl how I rly feel abt them . So I have learned to laugh & keep my distance 
realizes ... u never grow up ... u just learn how 2 behave in public ... but then when u r with those individuals you call friends its like all source of that education is thrown out the window to the sorry sap that is standing next 2 u wishing u would grow up . Lighten up ppl its life , no1 gets out alive anyway . Trust me there is only 1 BEING WHO did & let me tell u He is amazing ! JESUS did it JUST 4 ME ! 
The early bird gets the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese . Its more like you learn for someone else's mistakes , in a bad way . Will it take someone diying to make you realize that it would be easier to get the cheese if you just had common sense to work for it yourself ? Take the advice from ' < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>' if you don't believe me ! 
So me and my BABY SISTER , which name is < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > out tonight and we had so much fun . We saw several celebrities : Snoop Dogg , and the cast from The Nightmare Before Christmas . Then we discussed Lil Wanye's appearrance in our lives , and then we also just had fun shooting the breeze with each other . It was a load of fun . Good quality fun sisterly love all the way Love you Ni-Ni ! 
I have learned that a woman's PRIDE is 100x's WORSE than any man's ego . Just pay attention to a black woman who is mad & has been ' done wrong ' . Im so serious you think that PRIDE comes before a fall on that one geez ... It gets worse after they fall ! its like u would we would learn ! 
WELL the difference bt here & now is what happened yesterday . However , it also determines HOW you look at tomorrow . Yes , live like TODAY is your last day & love like you will NEVER get the < PROPMALE > to again , but REMEMBER there is nothing like the present the gift . God didn't put YOU here to FAIL , but to EXCEL 
Im not < PROPFEMALE > , so if u PINCH me bc i PURPOSELY don't wear green im going to PUNCH you bc i PURPOSELY don't like being PINCHED and IM NOT < PROPFEMALE > ! Im black with a mixture i know but DON'T PINCH me I am givin u A fair warning ! Disclosure : IT IS AN INVASION OF PERSONAL SPACETHAT YOU WERE NOT ALLOWED TO TOUCH & I WILL TAKE MY RIGHTS AS AN INDIVIDUAL IN THE COUNTRY & USE SELF DEFENSE TOWARDS ANYONE WHO VIOLATES THAT RIGHT ! 
Pray : like you never have , like you should always , like its your last breath , like time is up , like the essence will end , like God the Father desires it , like the passion of a football game , like the end is near , like the time is now , and like you love so dear ... PRAY 
Wow it has been a few days but it is all good the trip to Mobile with < PROPFEMALE > went off very well very excited abt going down there to live starting fresh on my own . so keep the prayers coming i do greatly appreciate it also @ < PROPFIRST > Tims : Good seeing you down there and can't wait to share some good stories ! 
So excited about tomorrow !!! Better yet , who wouldn't be excited about tomorrow . IF TOMORROW NEVER HAPPENED .... well then it did & I , me , this person typing this is THANKFUL ! Its just as exciting as Christmas if not more . It is true though you can't have Easter without Christmas , & Christmas would be pointless without Easter . HE IS ALIVE ! 
HAPPY RESURECTION DAY ! I AM SO EXCITED ABOUT THIS GREAT DAY ! I DON'T EVEN WANNA THINK IF THIS DAY DIDN'T HAPPEN . satan HAS NO POWER OVER TODAY OR ANY DAY FOR THAT MATTER BUT I JUST WANTED TO CONCURE TO him THAT he WAS DEFEATED ON THIS DAY . I'VE GOT VICTORY NOT BECAUSE OFMY WORKS BUT BECAUSE OF CHRIST . take that satan and cry because CHRIST IS LORD OF LORDS AND < PROPMALE > OF < PROPMALE > S ! 
So if the world ends today , or maybe tomorrow in australia's realm , what would you do ? WE all have problems but what would YOU do ? I have problems but what would YOU do ? She has problems but what woudl YOU do ? He has problems but what YOU do ? its gettting kinda catchy huh ? ALMOST LIKE WWJD ? ummmmmm ... 
Taking a stand because no one else seems to think that they should . I love doing the opposite of what ppl do . It makes you an individual and it makes you understand that God didn't call us to be like everyone else . Look at yourself ! there is only one person to resemble and that is Jesus the CHRIST ! 
So there is this thing where GOD is BIG ! Like SUPER BIG ! Like the kind of BIG that when words get in the way and a FEELING of sorts that can only be FELT steps in and makes the world go away ! Its that BIG that even the world has to get out of the way ?! Yeah HE is that BIG . I can't even justify with that phrase really , but HE is BIG I can most definately tell you that . 
Well the old beast has died . It lived to be a riping 5 years old before a virial infection took it over and completely destroyed it . But it didn't take long to get over it cause there is a new high roller in town and it involves a lot less work Welcome home HP G71 ! Welcome home ! 
I'm so excited 2 be off 2morrow ! I have never looked forward 2 an off day as much as I have this 1 . Here is the clue ... WALMART ! AND RACE ... OH THE DREADED * whispers * race fans ! Enjoying the extra money but not enjoying the feet hurting ! Oh the much needed prayers ! 
So tired of the hospital , But thankful for them . Also tired of the \race\ " but thankful for it too . Tired of being tired but also thankful for that too . " 
Is in that mode of killing , its best if you are an able bodied being that has any sense of danger be greatly advised to steer clear . After you have seen what I have seen today and dealt with what I have dealt with amongst other people who have had the same experience and willing to kill all the same victims you would wholeheartedly agree .... You have been warned ! 
Loving the < PROPFEMALE > tonight in Pell City . Pretty awesome . too bad im not getting use to the breeze . But still loving the sight . A random shout out to all < PROPFEMALE > lovers ! lol 
I enjoyed the < PROPFEMALE > tonight also ! i love the < PROPFEMALE > its something beyond romantic about the < PROPFEMALE > . Its almost like i gaze at it and can't quite turn my eyes from that beautiful sight . It too is like an amazement to have a source of light that bright AT NIGHT ! 
Have you ever noticed that the answer you have been looking for come from the person you would least expected . Not only did I get 1 answer but I got 2 and it was about the person that gave me one of the answers ! Hahahahaha ! God you do have a sense of humor . But also Thank you for the answers Its such a wonder as to why you still deal with me :') ( cryin ' tears of joy ) 
OH THE PAIN ! Water on the knees isn't fun pray for a quick drought through out the knee-cap . UGH ! Mayb its old age ... Anyone have any remedies other than ibuprofen ? Mayb an IV or a little bit of lemon & a dash of salt ... Dang It Man ! Im ready to try anything with this pain ! 
Ok guys and gals I don't ask for help much or prayer often but I request help now . I am asking you ( those that are born again believers whom believe in the power of prayer ) to plz throw me on your altar & pray earnestly for me . I am stuck b/t a rock 7 a serious hard place . I believe in the power of prayer Plz pray for me the situation to be specific is school , job transfer & favortism in the finacial area also . THX ! 
so I wonder if I am going to have a job 2morrow ? Walmart is getting too outragiously strict . I mean I have to deal with 4-6 departments and oh my i don't get to do one things and someone goes and snitches on me just because I can't do it . So lame so lame ... 
Well I still have a job ! I don't know if that is a good thing or a bad thing . Either way , I still have THAT J-O-B . Good news for those that are praying for me in my situation with school , work transfer , and financial stufs . I did get a call back from a store that is looking out for me in a FT position I mean seriously are working with me ! Oh How God Works even when my faith waivers 
I plan on attacking my room 2nite . Its been hard tryin 2 fight dis long enduring battle dat seems 2 b majorly pointless almost lik makin ur bed when u wake up n da mornin I mean u gonna get rite back n it dat nite wats da point n makin ' it ? Wasted tym but I can't find half of da stuff Im lookin 4 now so I suppose I must put n da battle gear ! Wish me luck I might get started & stop lik I get tired o sumthin ..... lol 
< PROPFEMALE > date 5-18-2010 ; Da mission is 75% accomplished . Da floor is visible & da closet has very few unused hangers . Vaccum cleaner has been sought out might not find til 2morrow , another mission . Da bed has a new coat of fabric .. mmmmm comfortable clean ... but the nite stand & make up areas r still being quarntine until further notice ... updates later w/ more info as given .... lol 
OOOOOOOOOOOO --- yeah Im enjoying this weather its like the spontaneousness of it . its not bc i don't keep and eye on the weather its like im so preoccupied with that other that I don't notice the things in life that I use to notice that made me happy like the smell of rain right b4 it starts 
Enjoyed the time with the church ladies tonight ! There is something abt the big picture in it all . Praying for someone & the thought of prayer does bring a closeness & a connection w/ beings w/n the body of Christ . So many different ladies with so many different lives but yet all connect ... interesting its almost like saying there is an ultimate being ruling us on this big stage called life ... ummmm 
Less than an hr left @ da place every1 shops . I know this may sound stupid but I abt jumped 4 joy when I saw 6 o'clock . Praise da Lord ! Its those little things when ur having a bad day dat makes it a little more bearable . Oh so sweet ! 
2 b completely honest w/ myself & every1 that knows me pretty well ; I was so mad that I could pull a brick out of the side of a wall & crush a ton of ice with my butt ! No lie . I seriously could have happened either that or I get a temporary job with the double agents . 
Seriously thinking abt going into law school later ..... its kinda interesting to argue for a living and make a good amt going it properly ... ummm ... food for thought 
Individual goals : Working out ; purchasing a camera , book , movies , & a giant pillow ! Yeah that pillow is gonna rock !... I just realized that the thinks i enjoy most are slowly slipping from my life , drawing , photography , reading christian fiction , watching action , comedy , and drama movies .... esp working out ! Man to be that strong looking woman w/ the confidence I had then ( tisk tisk ) i let it all go . Prayer plz ! 
What's on my mind ?! What's on MY mind ?! I'll tell u what's on my mind ! As soon as I figure it out , I'll tell you ! 
Really wants to go swimming , but doesn't have a pool :( sad sad feeling . Really wants to go to the beach but has no gas to get there ... :( double sad feeling . Really hates this sad feeling ... triple some kinda feeling ! 
I AM SO GRATEFUL THAT I AM NOT IN A CLIQUE ! 
Happier than happy to not be considered one of those people that leave people out . Joyful in that people can come to me and talk to me because I don't come across as judgemental . Over joyed because God chose me to stand out of that CLIQUE ! 
This disobedience is costing me 
watching TEEN TITANS ! 
< PROPMALE > AND KYRIE'S WEDDING WAS BEAUTIFUL I DO WISH THE BEST FOR THEM . MY FAVORITE PART OF THE WEDDING WAS THE CEREMONY . SO MANY PRICELESS MOMENTS . EVEN < PROPFEMALE > WAS INCLUDED IN IT WHICH JUST ABT MADE ME CRY . 
needs a better pain killer ... anyone have a gun i can borrow ? 
Enjoyed the evening w/ her awesome babe ! it was worth the night on the town , random things we do but we enjoyed every minute of it , cant lie i think i rly like this guy ... lol 
I hate it when I'm trying to b nice to someone & include them n my life but , they continue to push me away . Better yet , they give me reason to be pushed away . No more Ms Nice Woman ! I can tell u that . They only wanna talk when they wanna talk , do when they wanna do it . I have ppl that I see everyday that treat me w/ more respect than they do ... ugh so lame ppl can b so lame ! 
When there's trouble you know what to doooooo .... CALL CYBORG ! He can shoot a rocket from his shooooooooooo ..... CAUSE HE'S CYBORG ! Nananana something like that ... uh-huh ... nananana .. big fluffy cat ... that's right ! --- Teen Titans Cyborg theme song ... lol 
This is how it feels to be free ! For a few hours b4 you have to think about going to work at that shift that you have to work the next day ! Its like freaking AWESOME . Yeah I know but it is still cool to be able to decide a whole evening and day and still have time to play ... like super awesome 
It is officially on NOW . I am officially free to leave PC Walmart . Look out Mobile HERE I COME ! Praise GOD I can move now I was free b4 but now I am truly physically free . I can see the horizion and no 1 can hold me back . < PROPFEMALE > W ., < PROPFIRST > M ., and whoever else wants to know I'll keep you posted ! 
Ready for that Blackberry ! 
A little syked abt today ... go figure . 
I WILL NEVER GO TO TARGET AGAIN ! THE RUDEST PEOPLE . I THOUGHT WALMART WAS RUDE .. OH IT HAS NOTHING ON TARGET ITS PAST WALMART FOR < PROPMALE > PEOPLE ITS JUST PLAN DISGUSTING . THAT WAS MY WORSE EXPERIENCE I THINK I HAVE EVER HAD AT A STORE I MEAN JUST PLACE NASTY FROM THE WORDS OF CHOWER \STRAIGHT UP NASTY \"!" 
Enjoyed the night with the one and only < PROPFIRST > Greene ! It was a great night I mean we had this unplanned date night that led to and amazing end . Regardless of what people think & how they picture our lives . We have a bond that can't be compared with others . He said it best himself tonight .! 
Took those happy pills now about to play til they knock me out . If anything said , after this post , comes across amiss , or off-color plz disregard ! It is the medicine talking and not me in my right state of mind . I repeat I am not responsible for anything said after this post you have been warned ! 
So This is the first time I watched the Twilight movie tonight w/ < PROPFIRST > Greene . Interesting enough he wanted to go see it . It wasn't a bad film less romance & more fighting scenes would have sufficed . 
Some people are not worth my time . Not stupidity , or the fact that i care for them any less , just they are not worth my time/ energies for lack of a better term 
Ready for the change guess it is time for that leap of faith that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is always telling me to take 
Searching again today . 
I want to publicly thank < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Greene , and < PROPFEMALE > Fisher for supporting my dreams . Thanks a lot you don't know how much this means to me that i do have those that have faith in God to tell me the right thing to do and not waiver from it . I love these people but I know that God put these people in my life for a reason . That reason is evident everyday . Gotta love those that put you back on track . 
What is the definition of work ? 
Feels better fpr the most part better today than yesterday . Always a good sign ... 
is feeling weird , she is about to find solitude in cutting grass this evening . A dreaded feeling acrosses her face as the photos of green clippery wisk under and vanish , Blade by blade the metal grass flows toward its rewared demise to once again grow ... 
Thx to everyone you posted their birthday wishes for me I truely appreciate . Thx so much you know this means alot ... 
Really PRESS 1 for English or PRESS 2 for Spanish/Espanl seriously so lame . To all those who knew abt my procedure thx fot the prayers and concerns . I am home everything is as well as it can be my dad is the same . I haven't seen him at all today but I have heard from everyone else and I thank you ! 
I can't wait to go to Auburn ! No I have not flip the script its Roll Tide all the way I just get to see my best friend and extended family < PROPFIRST > E < PROPMALE > Jr So sweet can't wait til Sunday or Saturday as all black ppl are very indesicive on times and days . So sweet tho I also get to spend time w/ my God child < PROPFEMALE > ! I haven't seen her at all her whole life andi am so stiked about seeing her 
PACKING FOR AUBURN . Excited about the trip , the moment of freedom and the little girl that I will get to meet . 
< PROPFEMALE > & i r jus chillin . gettin ready 2 go 2 a park somewhere around here . 
day 2 of vaca w/ < PROPFEMALE > & lil bro < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > & I are going to < PROPFEMALE > inside today due to a congested cough the little one has . So no big pool plans or shopping today :( 
is watching teen titans w/ michelle ... after i was turned into a jungle gym ... ill need that other procedure 4 my back ... lol i still love her 
is torn b/t leaving 2morrow & jus calling in 2 work . but i miss everybody but I am gonna miss < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > 2 :'( 
well today is the last day in auburn for me so sad im missing her already & i havent left yet 
this is the most painful ride home of my life . ima miss < PROPFEMALE > . :'( 
Finally home , after seeing < PROPFIRST > Green and showing the pictures and videos to the fam . I had fun but I am going to miss < PROPFEMALE > and definately < PROPFIRST > E < PROPMALE > Jr ( love you brother ) . I hope the best for < PROPFEMALE > . I pray the best for < PROPFEMALE > . Its amazing how you can grow so attach to a child . She is amazing . 
Inception = crazy mind boggeling amusement for 2 1/4 hrs .... very good entertainment .... is this reality or are we in a dream ????? ummmm 
how much longer am i going to deal w/ this 
wats wrong w/ me 
Recovering ..... 
Trying this once more again ! 
In need of another JOB . This isn't cutting it 
YUMMY ! YUMMY ! mmmmmmmmmmm ... the sound of the heavens ! 
Oh off day I have missed you so ... greeting you with tidings so magnificent that I just might enjoy you too much , but rather now than never , I welcome you with the biggest embrace ever . Just to let you know , I can't wait until you arrive in full . Talk to you in a couple of hours .... With a blanket , pillow , and bed awaiting , Yours truly 
So I am abt to do the unthinkable on mytresses 
You may not like it but He told me what I know . I may not like it , you may not like it but He told me and I know it's true . What I know and what is true maybe what is beneficial to you 
You may not like it but He told me what I know . I may not like it , you may not like it but He told me and I know it's true . What I know and what is true maybe what is beneficial to you\ 
& also to me . 
Life doesn't suck , You suck at life ! God gave you instructions and you still wanna blame it on life ! RLY ?! 
Love Cartoons ! ANGRY BEAVERS RULE ! 
Loved talking to < PROPMALE > . The Old Paths . Great group of God frearing SAVED men reaching out . The one on one with < PROPMALE > was a great encouragement ! Finally someone who knows what I have been saying ! Plus he gave me an correction of vocabulary its not my \race\ " its my \ " CULTURE\ " ! sweet ! " 
What to do tomorrow ? mmmmmm ? 
Ready to watch da game ROLL TIDE ! 
The second quarter call was a completely stupid call . but its all good cause bama is still da bomb team ! I mean u gotta humidity on our side !.. lol 
ROLL TIDE 24-3 ! 
Some things i should just learn to say no to 
There are also somethings I shouldn't see either 
says , forget over-night ! I didn't miss it then I'm not missing it now ! but to sleep all day and get away with it is like just awesome ! 
wow 
we r @ st vincents waiting 4 dad 2 go in 4 surgery ... of course i will keep u posted 
still watting on dad 2 go back 4 surgery ..... yeah we have been here since 7 am & nothing yet . 
dad has finally went into surgery . so we r looking @ abt 2 1/2 hours including recovery time . 
dad's surgery has now officially started 
surgery is over & instructions have been given . we still got 2 more hours of recovery 
dad's surgery went well 2 
in the room w/ dad we will miss church 2nite , wont b out of da hospital til after 7 due 2 his recovery time . we are @ st vincents ( main campus downtown b'ham ) 4th floor rm 1 . he says he is okay other than his neck is hurting ( soreness ) . he is suppose 2 b doing better in few days ( per doctor ) . no metal detectors for him ! 
finally headed home . dad is doing fine 
Finally home 
so as i was watching the game at work and a fellow co-worker walks up and starts talking about the game and all i can think of is this game is horrible . He chimes in somewhere in the conversation \Bama is playing MUNFORD ! \ " This was so sad . I actually felt bad for Duke for all of half a second and then laughed my butt off . This was a crazii day for duke but at least they will still have us beat in GPA scores ! " 
What is auburn doing ? playing hot potato w/ the football . Its a FOOTBALL ! 
Abt time a break ! they finally playing football and not screetball ... this was the roughest game i have seen yet and the craziest ! 
Abt TIME ! 
UUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is about ready to take that leap of faith . No more excuses 
I don't ask for much but a < PROPMALE > of respect and a little bit of virtuous behavior and a smiget of space .... oops im sorry I am in < PROPFEMALE > . That isn't tolerable ! 
Just learned how to tie a winsdor knot ! Yeah ! 
AH-HA ! You thought you knew me , and then you realized you don't so , you now sit there looking like a crazed maniac wishing you knew better ! I tried to told you ! 
needs something but not anything ... :'( 
I aint gonna lie ... bama you had me scared boys ! RTR 
Confidence is back & rolling ! Like the tide ... 
KIRKPATRICK is so smart ... i think i oughta hug him ! 
Arkansa is SKEERED now ! 
I like games like that ... suspense .. & a great ending ! 
Is auburn going 2 do wat they did last week or bomb out ... mayb last week was too hard for them ... o mayb they need a RUDE AWAKENING BUTT KICKING ! 
What happened to the thugs that played last week ? 
a REPEAT OF LAST WEEK ! 
IS THIS LAST WEEKS GAME AUBURN ....? 
AUBURN REDEEMED THEMSELVES ... NICE 
ABT TIME AGAIN ! 
WOW AUBURN THAT WAS GOOD .... I THOUGHT YALL WERE GONE 
SO SRY S.C. YOU SHOULD HAVE WATCHED LAST WEEKS GAME WHEN AUBURN DID THE SAME TO CLEMSON ..... SO SRY 
UH ------ OH ...... AUBURN 
GOOD JOB AUBURN ... GOOD JOB 
Single doesn't mean : available , searching , or desperate ! 
OOPS ! Im sorry was I suppose to fall in love with you because of what you said !... Let me put on my fake girlie ears and lets try again .... oops ! I got bored that time ... hehehehe 
WATERMARKING is hard . No wonder .... 
\Blame it all on the testeronees ! \ " ---- Bro . < PROPFIRST > Foote Seddon Baptist Church .... lol ( testosterone ) " 
Confident ... not arrogant , boastful , or selfish 
a revisit to the past shows levels of maturity 
Self esteem was lost for a little while , but then realization hit the soul's inner most being and the spunk came back along with the reassurance . Loving growth pains ! 
Roll Tide < PROPMALE > ! 
Good catch BOI ! 
Touch DOWN !!!!!! 
all right J . JONES .... that is what i am talking about BOI ! 
& again ! 
RTR all i gotta say man 
Do I see GATOR TEARS !? 
well now you won't go home too humiliated .. but can some1 shut these idiots that call themselves calling the game up i mean they don't know nothing about anything ! 
urban dont sound to confident ... poor guy it must hurt to get stomped twice .... 
well if they keep on kicking they are gonna have about umm ... 7 more of those to even catch up ... i don't think you can do that in wat time frame ? 
Ya'll aint nothin on these thieves ! 
flordia is skeered now buddy ... i think those gators going back to the swamp ! 
FLORIDA+BRANTLEY = FUMBLES ! 
COME ON GUYS JUST ONE MORE FOR THE ROAD ! 
ROLL TIDE ROLL !!!!!!!!!!!! 2 BAD NOBODY CRIED ... 
tonight was great !... lol ... hahahahaha .... hehehehe ... whoa !... hahahaha ... is abt all i did .... lol some more 
LOVES THE < PROPFEMALE > 
Dreamers ... dream on . 
DANG TIDE ! I still will say it anyway , ROLL TIDE < PROPMALE > ROLL TIDE . Some1 had 2 lose too bad it had 2 be da Tide . Lets see wht those tigers have going for ' em . 
Learning BW focal ! 
Good Job Tigers 
\Angels\ " & \ " Dreamworld\ " ~ ~ Robin Thicke " 
& they wonder why I get mad ! 
P.D.A. ( We Just Don't Care ) ~ ~ John Legend 
Amazing light show ! I haven't seen this spectacular in a long time . & it sounds amazing as well 
Good Idea : Stopping to smell the roses ..... Bad Idea : Stopping to feel the roses ..... 
WOW Tigers WOW !.... If Bama Loses to this retarded team I will personally go to T-T own & ............ *______________________* < Insert what you would do here ... lol 
ROLL TIDE * yawn * 
IT SEEMS 2 WORK OUT BETTER WHEN I DONT CARE . THX 4 THE LESSON 
me , < PROPFIRST > His-Peanutbutt Jones & the road ..... hehehe ... its gonna get interesting ! 
Enlightening ... 
* whispers * gazing at the moon ... staring at the stars ;) 
is getting ready for tonight . So excited ! ( no comment from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hawkins ) ... lol 
& it turns into the worse night ever 
I am all about some Tide buddy ... this is the Tide that i have been screaming for \ 
ROLL TIDE ROLL ! Ingram , Maze , Jones , Richardson , Lester ..... Boys ya'll playin ! 
Where are all the tenn fans going ? 
ROLL TIDE ! 
SWEAT PANTS + T-SHIRT = AWESOMENESS ! 
& then creativity hits 
This type of weather ... well ... :) 
Something about walkin ' outside barefoot in that country grass while it's about to rain :) 
Enjoyed time spent with an old friend 
Movie Night/ Preperation Night 
Halloween Party was seriously funi ... no amount of over time can replace that much fun ! :) 
GULS NIGHT OUT ! 
Sleep 
Steaming hot relaxing bath ...... mmmmm candles .......... aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh ...... 
Ghetto Moment of the day : Walking in to Walmart entrance to see a customer sitting on a bench talking on their phone ...... while its charging off of a Walmart electrical outlet ...... WOW O_O 
* YAWN * 
Blinded Freedom 
FRUSTRATED ..................... REALLY UPSETTING 
Both love & hatred are birthed from the same energy , passion , & desires . However , the entire body is affected . Like the tongue , heart , feet , eyes , ears , & hands . What leads you here and there is what also leads you there and here . Some call it fate , others < PROPFEMALE > , I call it the fruit of your doings . 
Registered 
* NEWS FLASH * Fashion Police have now permitted the sporting of SNOW BOOTS , ie : uggs etc . However , all former incidents that have caused this fashion mayhem are still under PROBATION and ARE NOT PERMITTED wear snow boots ie : uggs , etc until the year 2020 ! 
There's 1 man that hasn't lied 2 me . He cherishes me from the 1st time we met . He causes my world 2 stand still . He ? s me , my smile , & my laughter . He cares , provides & comforts me . When all have left me he stayed . He has fought 4 me w/ his blood , sweat , & tears ! He's my best friend . He touches me n a most unique way . My ? skips a beat when he whispers 2 me . He knows me . He's my ? r . No other man has a < PROPMALE > 
Now that Alabama is back to the regular thing I am starting to feel a little bit more like a fan and less of a sponsor . RTR 
The greatest man in the world talked to me today , even spent a large amount of the day w/ me . We had so much fun , talking about old times , even discussing the future . I ? him , he ? s me . Never have I had such a great connection w/ such a wonderful man . He always knows , even when I don't say a single word . 
How about today went real well . I spent a lot of time at his house and we spent a lot of time together . He hugged me . I feel like a < PROPFEMALE > when we are together . I know he is my < PROPMALE > . Today was very special for me , he wiped tears from my face , kissed me on my forhead and told me he loved me . It made me cry even more . He smiled , & he grasped my hand . He never let go 
so today was a trying day for me , but he understood . He still listened , held my hand , called me & even whispered little things in my ear . He saw my frustration , but pulled me to the side hugged me so tight that I know he never let go . Kissed my hand & told me I was everything to him . 
Some family is so sorry . Your mother should b assisted by you not your child . The children of their parents should take care of their parents not the grandchildren taking care of their grandparents . I should be taking care of my parents since they are still alive to take care of their parents 
So I had very rough the last few days but guess who was beside me . That wonderful man ! I cried so much yesterday and he still sat next to me and held me like it was the first time he had seen me cry . To the very moment when I was ready to give it all away . He told me not to worry about it and how I didn't have to ask him he loves me anyway . What a great and awesome man . 
The love of my life showed respect , honesty , & compassion . I was able to take that same gift & return it . I was mad , sad , & furious but he held me so tight . With a glimpse in his eyes , a kiss on the forehead , a smile to melt all worries away he captured my heart . In the stillness of the moment , we were the only ones there just bathing in the love b/t 2 . 
It is something about talking to the one you love that makes all the difference in the world . Even when all seems lost and things are up in the air , the love of my life still stands . Strength like that ' newness ' never wears off . That ' closeness ' that can't be pulled apart . That ' awesomeness ' that someone thinks about you all the time even when you are not thinking about them 
Good job Tigers ! but now its time for Bama to Roll back into play . & I might say so my self for last week and this week : ROOOOOLLLLL TIDE ! 
Saban should have given that young < PROPMALE > a few words , I mean I was even screaming at him ! 
Some men want women to be independent but dependent . I have the greatest , non-complicated man ever ! He wants me 2 be dependent on him < PROPFEMALE > & trust him . I have always been independent thinking , even acting but the <3 he shows me ... my , my , my , I have no choice but to depend on him . I <3 him & so happy he wants to be in my life . So happy that he , when all others fail to be and do , is still there . The <3 of my life ! 
It's not ironic that he found me , saw my value , & respected me . The <3 he gives to me no one can take away , not even the next man , there isn't any competition ! I'm over joyed he sees me as his bride , the <3 of his life , the calm of my storms . Peace , ?, & my ever living happiness . There isn't any man's ? is comparable to his . 
Happy in his eyes I am everything . He understands my faults , he <3 s me regardless . I cant seem to get over it . Its a <3 that I < PROPFEMALE > & never want to go away . You see men will leave , make things hard , for you even , hurt you but the one that <3 s me treats me like a < PROPFEMALE > . His precious < PROPFEMALE > . 
Really this Q&A is to crazy to follow & some questions shouldn't be asked but still funny 
Q : Do u miss Mr Green ? \ 
A : Nope , never want to see him again actually 
No matter how hard I try , nothing seems 2 satisfy , the deepest part of my <3 where shallowness resides . Til Im so desperate I call your name & you revive my soul once again . Of all that I crave inside , this can't be denied ~ Nicole C . Mullens ' Elohim ' 
Have you ever notices how man can't re-create light like God created light ? We attempt to make the brightess light and still can't see for looking . However when you take the one light God created the sun even in the shadows you still see . Now what blocks our light in underground tunnels ( i.e. caves , graves , etc . ) Take a hint stay in the Light ! 
Im telling myself so I'll know . I speak to my <3 like a daughter . Sometimes it hard to let go , & sometimes the staying gets harder . So farewell broken <3 , this is where we must part , fare thee well cloudy days , moods of blue , shades of gray . I thought I heard <3 loud & clear . It said it would be mine if only , I learn to let go of my fears & cradle the hope of what could be . So .... ~ ~ NCM \Farewell \"" 
Choices for life don't depict who you are but where you came from . Who you are depicts what choices you make ~~~~ INSPIRED BY 1 
Is learning how to do Collages ...... <3 it ! 
Its so beautiful tonight , give me a second & let me imagine what it will be like ....... :) 
The <3 I have right now , & the warming embrace , all troubles melt away . Confusion , envy , hatred , spiteful behavior , gone . Me & my <3 I like it . Comparison 2 any other , I don't care 2 compete or win . The moment I step n the breath , touch , kiss , embrace , warmth , relax w/n . Preparation for the 1 who comes , no one compares . ~ ~ Inspired by 1 . 
Friendship is something special , foundation to the most desired truths . Liars know nothing of it . Back stabbers have no use w/ it . Few are found , many go unnoticed , majority fail . The 1 friend that will never leave is my best friend . He ? s me forever 7 always ~~~~ Inspired by 1 
I find myself lookin ' at u , a stranger I thought I knew , harsh words came like a dart , sharp arrows pierced my heart , & I said somethings outta spite , so I should apologize , & now I ask u plz if u would forgive me , Lets start over again , Lets start where we began , back when time made us younger & we ? d much stronger & every road lead us to me and you ~~~ NCM \Start Over Again \"" 
Silence , a sign maturity . < PROPFEMALE > peace drowning out all distractions . Never will joys displace themselves , lovely serenity . < PROPFEMALE > of lyrics swinging , < PROPFEMALE > ribbons , gently placing upon hearts , perfect . Wisdom dancing , glowing abundantly upon silver threads . Silence , a sign perfect . ~~~ Inspired by 1 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , locks flowing w/ height to reach the clouds of heaven . Creamy skin kissed by the sun , almond eyes browning , glistening , smiling . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , short edgy tress , w/ average imaging the heavens . Scars embrace by war , eyes shadowed , diming , escaping . ~~~ Inspired by 1 
Do u have issues ? Do u sumtyms feel lonely & unfulfilled ? Do u get bored w/ da monotony of everyday life ? Try sin , guaranteed temporary satisfyin fleshly desires & stimulate all 5 of ur senses . SIN 100% HUMAN NATURE Avail . 4 women & men of all shapes , sizes , & color . Side effects may include : loss of money , death , early pregnacy , incarceration , demonic possession , chemical depen ., internal burnin & gnashin of teeth . 
rain , old movies to make you reflect on things of the future , sweat pants , long sleeve shirt , blankets , pillows , & above all the Remarkable Lover of my soul chillin w/ me as I just relax all in his arms . :) <3 
Striped < PROPFEMALE > petals lead me on as a walk into a door . To a hot perfumed bath , adorned with robe , slippers & oils . Without words they lead me further to a candle lit dinner , aromas mesmerizing . Away to a sofa , soft alluring massage . Still silent a bed spread smothered in loving embrace ... it was 6 days before our anniversary ~~~ Inspired by 1 
I gotta question for ya * gentlemen * ( ladies may comment ) Are you gentlemen really intimidated by a woman/lady/female/GUL , who wears makeup ? Lets be honest now ..... :) 
Just made dinner for the fam .... WOW I know to Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Kerr for the recipe every1 likes it ( Even < PROPMALE > Jones which says even more ! ) Feels great ! 
Wow had the most exciting day ever ! See I thought it was going to be boring but I should have known when I saw Sandysoulsista Whisenant that it would gonna get a little interesting . It was so exhilarating ! I mean how many of you can say you had a day like I had ? 
Wants to thank a good friend for the advice & instruction to help me in my portfolio . < PROPFEMALE > Fisher , She is like another grandmother to me . such a great inspiration ! 
Im terribly late but I can say good job tigers/eagles which ever ya wanna be . you smoked em .... omly reason I am saying anything cause I wanted someone to re-kick south < PROPFEMALE>'s tail just for kickin our .... Roll Tide regardless 
Sometimes being alone is the best thing that can ever happen in anyone's life . Alone in silence , soakin ' in peace & solitude . Bathing in corners of the mind that only we find pleasure . Lovin ' that special place , who sits & waits patiently . Black , grays . Alone in silence , soakin ' in peace & solitude ... ~~~ Inspired by 1 
You don't know , unless I tell you . You haven't been unless you've gone . My shoes , My trail , Our dance . Inspired by 1 
Its more than a flame , its not shut up in my bones , it consumes my very being , about to burst in over exaggeratingly bonfire . I will post this century's 95 Thesis ~~~ Inspired by 1 
#1914 well if you must ..... it took a while to get to know you ( what little i do know about you ) . You are a pretty cool cat for that lil i kno . Crazy & mean but really fun to joke around w/ . I wish I could roll my eyes like you do tho !.. lol 
531 crazy as ....... well ya know i am so glad we became friedns when we did . Some friends I can't say are good after high school but you are one that has been tru through it all . I can't say i regret meeting you . <3 ya 
222 wow some ppl have the nerve ! naw i love ya girl . it has been a while up until recently we started back talkin and it has been serious fun just catching up & talking abt what has happened in our lives .... I love your kids & i look forward to seeing you in the store even if it is for just a short talk . You are amazing ! 
7 you are so sweet & amazing person . When it comes down to it I won't have to worry abt being neglected . You have been so sweet to me regardless of how you feel . i love seeing your lovely face at walmart . it brings a sense of peace to my day 
03 well well well ... you want the truth huh ? you can't handle the truth !... lol jk you have always been hardheaded , < PROPFEMALE > listen to a dang thang i say , but in the end we joke and laugh about it and still have a good time 
1 smiling all the time even if your mad . Always got me laughing and a joy to be around . Awesome dude ! 
He spoke to me & gave me good news . I've been holding back , however His words gave me hope , foundation , & assurance ; its coming . Cryin everytime I think about it , b/c I know He is doing it for me . Settin me up for him , preparing the road for the journey . Its better felt than told . My passion will be ignited everytime I look at ' em . Instead of telling me to go for it , he'll be there every step of the way . 
Christmas shopping is over rated ! Gift cards for those on my list ! that is it ! 
Never have fit in w/ the popular kids , never wanted to . I try to be sweet but then again I noticed a thing or 2 . Sweet don't get you into heaven , or being popular . So big dogs & wanna-bes take your popularity , cliques , clothes , money & shove it ! I don't need your \holier than thou\ " approval or your correction of who you want me to be ! " 
some ppl aren't friends ... jus extras in the movie of your life 
Play : The Ever After-A Musical .... Awesome ! < PROPFEMALE > Maverick Jones : You was gud gul !... lol best actress ever . Played the part like you owned it ! 
OK , Ok ! Congrats to another Heisman Winner for the state of Alabama ! Cam < PROPMALE > ( Auburn ) congrats all the way . RTR ! 
Amazed at some people . Simply amazed . God's Word : Paraphrased , remove whatever it is that causes you to sin . Done ! Why on earth do you think I told you that in the first place . It came from the heart , The same thing that is decietful to me , I must protect ! DUH ! ~~~ Inspired by 1 
I am about tired of (& if this includes you please take heed ! ) Women , men , children , all of ' em asking me when I am going to have a child ? Listen when the Great Lord above blesses me w/ the man He has for me , I am in my right mind to accept that man , & God opens the door then guess what I will have 1 . Until then don't ask me again ! 
Hot tea , a blazing fire , sweatpants , long sleeve , blanket , movie .... almost feels like , wow 
I am excited ... abt my future . Its been a long time coming 
P ..... R ..... I ..... V ..... A ..... C ..... Y . Yep that pretty much covers it 
Excited : Reading is the new SEXY ! I'm bringing it back ! Whether it is the bible , a fiction book , listening to the mp3 while coasting in the imagination . Guess where I am gonna be >>>>> Page number____ Ha ! God may have allowed a small disadvantage but He always gives the tools to over come ! ~~~ Inspired by 1 
Not perfect or try to be . Made on purpose . Dwelling in past forth coming its future . Scars to mend , in it of itself . Only hidden to be exposed . Roof tops once said . Shouting . Lies stop it for its moment , revealed on its birthday ~~~~ Inspired by 1 
Some of the older generation have some good stories & are very fun to be around . I really enjoy a good laugh with them . They are so real yet so informative at times that it seriously captivates me . I pray to have the knowledge & wit when its my turn to enlighten . ~~~ Inspired by 1 
I expect too much out of ppl . The same ppl that expect everything out of me . Realizing that I am as human as the next pile of dirt . ----- Inspired by 1 
Im livin outta my suitcase gotta testify , cant wait til Im up n the sky . Im livin outta my suitcase dis earth aint home cant wait til Im wavin good bye . Im livin outta my suitcase gotta testify , cant wait til Im up n the sky . Im livin outta my suitcase dis earth aint home can't wait til Im wavin good bye . Livin outta my suitcase , suitcase , suitcase , suitcase , my suitcase . Dis earth aint home cant wait til Im gone ! 
Tired of being mom for a day ! & I didn't even do half of the stuf Mom does , but for what I did do : OH MY ! I love Mom SO Much ! What in the world was I thinkin !? 
How long will you be divided , b/t His will & the world's ? When will we see Elijahs , who stand on the power of His word ? Since He has chosen you , do what you know to do , Jesus is calling you TODAY . Pick up your bibles if He is desirable , turn from your idols TODAY . How Long --- The Big Picture by Da ' T.R.U.T.H. 
Hahahahahahaha ! * inhales deeply * pshHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! * snickers * Ok , I'm done . Wait .. HEHEHEHEHE ... HAHAHAHAHAHA ... Whew . Fun stuff . ~~~ Inspired by 1 
Likes < PROPMALE > Dekker . When it comes to Christian Fiction that steals your soul and reflects your life , awesome . In a < PROPMALE > series of novels he allows God's profound words , eyes , heart , even hands to grip your heart & tear at your soul . <3 it . Praise God for a man that stands on the words of God ! 
Likes Da ' T.R.U.T.H. Regardless of who you are , when it comes to being human & taking the word of God embedding it in an album , awesome . Portraying it in a manner that pierces the listeners heart down to their very soul . Thank God for men of God like you . Showin ' you're human , & make mistakes but demonstrate the road which we as Christians should take . Standing , & fighting no matter , for Kingdom work ! 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! Excited ! oh yeah < PROPMALE > ! hehehehehe .. lol * ahem * * snickers * :D ! 
For those who would like 2 kno < PROPFIRST > has had her epidural , they're abt 2 give her some more pitocin 2 move this process along . She has been in labor for 12 hrs & counting . Just awaiting for Katana < PROPFEMALE > 2 make her appearance into this world . We tried to tell her if she comes out today we won't forget her brithday cause its on MLK or as we like to say MILK day ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s status hasnt changed . other than she has moved up to 4 cm & contractions are abt 1 1/2 mins apart but not severly intense or long . Hoping to see Katana < PROPFEMALE > soon 
I have the latest news ! The same thing ! Nothing has changed and Katana is still high ( according to the mumbling dr. ) But she is at least in the Hospital !.... ( noted tired been up for more than 18 hrs . Gul If you don't come out and Come OUT NOW ! ) 
6 cm ! 
So now after we have left the hospital they decide that they are going to do a c-section . home resting will post after some much needed rest ! 
katana < PROPFEMALE > was born 1/17 @ 11:57 pm she is 5lbs 5oz 18 in . :) 
Thanks to everyone for the prayers , visits etc . I haven't been nack at the hospital since this morning and so far from what I can gather , both are still doing fine and we are still in shock that there is going to be a little one in the house in less than a week . Exhaustion has pretty much taken over & the real deal hasn't even hit us . Stay prayed up ! 
That is the only thing you like because that is all you know . Inspired by 1 
Loving my Older Sistas ! :) 
awkwardly excited ;) <3 
has an Autobot , his name is Bullet ! 
Vacation ! 
The joys of cleaning the entire bathtube , then being the first to use it ! :) 
The joys of eattin ' lunch with the remote control in MY hand , & no one there to tell me otherwise ! 
When you can't get what you need from one source you go get it from another . \ 
Somethings are not worth fighting for with some ppl Works from me 
Another venue ? Sounds interesting ... 
I can't keep living in sin & expect God to bless me . I can't surround myself with it & expect God to be my protector . I can't live my life like it hasn't been paid for . ~~~ Inspired by 1 
Happy ~ Excited about my fleshly future for once ! It's nice to have something to look forward to on this earth 
:) 
.. whoever said \there are no stupid questions\ " doesn't work where I do . " 
misses the days where all I had to worry about financially was how much < PROPFEMALE > i was going to buy with my allowance . 
Beautiful season to snap those pics ;) 
< PROPFIRST > E < PROPMALE > Jr & I have come to a conclusion ; c/o 2003 it will me 8 years this May , only 2 more years kiddos & we are lookin at class reunion . I know sad we have come this far ..... & half of us are still in the state of ALABAMA ! 
Katana < PROPFEMALE > has learned to stuck her tongue out ! < PROPFEMALE > has taught her that one . 
SIBLING WAR !!! Copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands an hour without your brothers & sisters protesting , it's so true !! ? 
Listening to the radio earlier I picked up on some scarey yet true info . Almost half of Black Women will not exercise because of their hair . Really ! BC u don't wanna wrap yo hair , get it braided or wash it every 3 days you aint gonna take care of the rest of your body ! I know it is sad ! 
Super Moon ..... interesting . I might get super sleep , ya think ? 
Its been a while since this has happened but this has worked out to the benefit of others . Spiritual Wisdom 
<---------- Lovin my profile pic !!!!! 
It is sad when you would rather be around those that are not your imidiate blood family than spend time and talk to those that are your imidiate family . Maybe they will learn that blood is thicker than water , maybe not .... 
Love the sound of rain < PROPMALE > T . Worley .... lol 
Realized something today . Have you noticed that Man has every thing measured , even down to the comparision factor ? Sentences , mileage , big , bigger , biggest , small , smaller , & smallest . God has nothing measured and even doesn't compare . Sin is sin , good vs bad , righteousness & wickedness , love vs hate . Nothing is on a level . it just is either is or aint !... lol 
Don't get me wrong I rly enjoyed the sunshine but all that at 1 time ! I mean we just got done w/ a week of clouds & then God just gonna throw a blast of sunshine at us ! We need to ease into that much sunshine .... He know we Sinners & Saints we still get caught off guard by that burst of LIGHT ! Yeah even God said APRIL FOOLS !... lol 
Thought my laptop had died then < PROPMALE > Jones saved the day . I told him that I owe his 1,000 kisses and hugs . Well 2,000 to go .... lol 
Enjoyed the talent show and Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > Rigg Adams for winning 1st place 
Never been allured by liars 
Manager at Walmart : \Is that rain ? \ " \ 
Benefit of doubt can't be given to everyone 
Not easliy impressed , or captivated . A Great Wall . 
after JR decided to infect himsefl w/ the flu ., < PROPFIRST > from My Wife and Kids : ' Son can you \dumbinstrate\ " that for me one more time . ' ... lol " 
Anybody , man or woman , can say an individual is sexy , cute , etc . but only those that love the individual can say that they are BEAUTIFUL :) 
A smart person learns from their mistakes . But a wise person learns from other people's mistakes . 
No , I will not date you , dude that don't know how to pull your pants up ! Not hatin just has standards 
enjoys the money coming from the races , but doesn't enjoy : the dirty money coming from the races , the bad attitudes , the crazy outfits , or the females ( not ladies , women , girls ) that choose NOT to wear a bra ! 
U acting like a bunch of high schoolers when ur suppose 2 b payin attention : talkin , textin , surfing the web on ur phone , laughin , & actin up . Then u sit back & ask urself this stupid question : Y are my children bad ?.... well lookie there 
This kinda weather puts me to sleep easy . <3 it ! 
It's nice to know that random callers from Utah , Temecula California , & Illinois , call me daily , & from different < PROPFIRST > for no reason . At least I am popular 2 some random , unidentified , person who doesnt know how 2 leave a message or stop calling . ;) 
Want , want , want , We all want something ! Well people in Hell want ice water but they aint getting it ! It's what you need , that is what you SHOULD want ! ~~~ Inspired by 1 ~~~ 
HONEYSUCKLES !!!!!!!!!! :) 
FOR some of my friends in other states that may or maynot even have a clue , my family & friends that i was able to get in contact w/ are fine & well . Some have power outtages , but fine . I do have sympathy , for those who were injured/killed during this vast devestation ! 
How long will u b divided ? Bt His will & the worlds ? When will we see < PROPMALE>'s who stand on da power of His word ?.... How long will u b undecided ? U must choose this day whom u will serve . I long 2 see revival , in a land He will heal if we return !... Since He has chosen u do wat u kno 2 do , Jesus is calling u , 2day , pick up ur bibles if He is desirable , turn from ur idols 2day ! ~ \How Long\ " Da T.R.U.T.H. The Big Picture ~ " 
Today is a day of humbling experiences . 
If I haven't heard \by the Grace of God\ " once I have heard it a thousand times today . " 
Ok Community-It's time to pull together ! The Talladega Co Revenue Dept is collecting non-perishable items for storm victims . You can drop items off Mon . thru Fri . from 8-5p . (* bottle water , canned foods , toliet paper , baby wipes , tooth brush/paste , etc ) We will make several runs to various areas in need . If you need further information , please contact < PROPFEMALE > LaClair @256 -419-3670 ...... repost please 
<<<< Looking at my profile pic and just smiling at how blessed I am ! ~~~ Inspired by 1 ~~~ 
Somebody always has it worse than you . 
Obama just said we are one nation under God indivisible , etc ... & then God Bless you !... wow ! 
Was thinking the other day : People are dying and going to Hell and YET you are still worried about that dead man's picture , death certificate , and our president's birth certificate !? REALLY ?! 
