Let's go to work and make some MONEY ! 

So , we're back . Beautiful day , marvelous fun ! No ice cream though . I didn't make it to the bank in time to withdraw and they didn't take checks . But that just means we have a ready made adventure for tomorrow ! We filled the basket up with daffodils , tulips , and some more I don't know the name of . < PROPMALE > insists they are water lillies ! LOL ! 
Had a great day today ! Slept late ( off work ) . Made some cds , talked to friends , and took < PROPMALE > for that ice cream cone . I had strawberry and he had \chocwate \"." 
Preparing myself for a hectic work schedule through Monday . Will pull 32 hours in next three days ! < Hearing theme music from Rocky > Let's do it ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s daughter just had her third baby . A little boy ! I hear he's beautiful ! 
Crossing my fingers for a job transfer to Tennessee to go through ! I want some predictable weather in my life ! But I just wish I could take my wonderful co-workers with me ! 
The links I posted are stuff that I enjoy . Very interesting . You should give them a look . 
Am I awake ? Or asleep ? 
UUUUUUUUUUgggggggggggghhhhhhhh ! I had the WORST migraine todday and it interrupted my already lacking sleep . Someone needs to come up with a cure for ongoing migraines ! I'm sick of them ! 
I got the transfer to Goodlettsville Tn ! I will be moving in about 30 days ! 
It's funny how things , they change , the clouds they part , rearrange for me Faces of strangers and I have no familiars to help me see Where is home ? ~ Lady Gaga from Wish You Were Here 
Fate is like a strange , unpopular restaurant , filled with odd waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don't always like . - Lemony Snicket 
Even when reading is impossible , the presence of books acquired produces such and ecstasy that the buying of more books than one can read is nothing less than the soul reaching towards infinity ... we < PROPFEMALE > books even if unread , their mere presence exudes comfort , their ready access , reassurance . - A.E. < PROPMALE > 
Her imagination was by habit ridiculously active when the door was not open , it jumped out of the window . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , Portrait of a Lady . 
Just because you have a mind like a hammer doesn't mean you should treat everyone else like a nail - < PROPFIRST > Pratchett , Only You Can Save Mankind 
I played FREE-RICE for Earth Day ! Donated 10,000 grains of rice to the World Food Program to help end world hunger ! 
“Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire . ” 
“The open-minded see the truth in different things : the narrow-minded see only the differences . ” - Unknown 
Each generation's job is to question what parents accept on faith , to explore possibilities , and adapt the last generation's system of values for a new age . < PROPFIRST > Pittman 
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change . < PROPFIRST > Hawking 
They may forget what you said , but they will never forget how you made them feel . – < PROPFIRST > W . Buechner 
been on the internet so much my eyes are burning ! looking for a dwelling ! 
He who knows others is wise . He who knows himself is enlightened . ~ Lao Tzu 
“It is not necesssary to understand things in order to argue about them . ” - < PROPFEMALE > de Beaumarchais 
“Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them . ”Samuel Butler 
“If you find it hard to laugh at yourself , I would be happy to do it for you . ” ~ Groucho < PROPFEMALE > 
“When ideas fail , words come in very handy . ”- Goethe 
How many of you really know all the people on your friends list ? Here is a task for you ... I want all the people on my list to post how you met me . After you have commented , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed how interesting this will be ... How many of my \friends\ " will comment on this ????? Let's see . C'mon!! I expect comments !! " 
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them . < PROPFIRST > Twain 
The assumption must be that those who can see value only in tradition , or versions of it , deny man's ability to adapt to changing circumstances . < PROPFIRST > Bayley 
“History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives . ”- Abba Eban 
\Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers\ " - Voltaire " 
si gnipyt sdrawkcab . Remembering when she wrote a whole English paper this way in freehand cursive just for giggles and the look on her teacher's face . 
thinks copy & paste is the greatest invention ever thinks copy & paste is the greatest invention ever thinks copy & paste is the greatest ... 
is reflecting that the cost of living hasn't affected it's popularity . 
Let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? ... REALLY ?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree 
says \Give me ambiguity or give me something else . \"" 
asks if you stopped to think and forgot to start again ? 
wonders if illiterate people get the full effect of Alphabet Soup ? 
says don't sweat petty things — or pet sweaty things . 
Part of being a GOOD FRIEND means standing up for them even when its not popular . 
I hate thunderstorms !!!!! Especially the lightning !!!!............... and the thunder !!!! LOL ! 
says blessed are they who go around in circles , for they shall be known as wheels . 
thinks that a day without sunshine is like night . 
is stuck in an infinite loop . 
works for the department of redundant departments . 
is OCD and gathering her thoughts in alphabetical order 
I'm not an insomniac , I just have restless thoughts syndrome . No trial drugs with endless side effects required ! Just my handy little pc . 
grrrrrrrr . I don't want to start packing ! I'm gonna be < PROPFEMALE > O'Hara today and just put off till tomorrow . Then I'll definitely get moving ! 
is singing follow , follow , follow , follow . Follow the yellow brick road ! 
has AT LEAST 5 brain freezes per frappacino ! 
is singing \There's something weird in the neighborhood ...... \"" 
Well , I had the most horrid nightmares when I was sleeping ! Uggghhh !!! Weird , weird , werid ! 
Having such a crabby day ! Arrrrrhhhhhhhhhggggggggg !!!!! 
I'm a walking zombie . Must have BBBRRRAAAIIINNSSS !!! or more sleep ? 
Like YOW ! UH-HUH ! 
It's not always the destination that is most important , sometimes it's the journey that gets you there . 
HAD A NICE RELAXING DAY OFF !!! Woo-Hoo !!!! 
Had an enjoyable dinner with her big & little man and an old friend and her son . 
Working Overtime ! Alright paycheck !!!! 
Yay !!! I found a 562 < PROPFEMALE > Giant Book of Word Puzzles ( brand new ) at the thrift store for 27 cents !!!! I am going to have sooo much fun with it ! I'm psyched ! 
I am addicted to farmville now ! Thank you facebook ! < sticking tongue out > 
loves to watch the clouds and find pictures in them ! 
Two weeks until my family and I move to Nashville !!! I am excited and at the same time dreading the long trip and all the unpacking ! Here I come again well travelled roads ! My bones want to settle and my feet are ready to plant roots ! 
Okay ! So ... Oh my God !!! My son was being way too quiet this morning , but since I worked last night and didn't get home til 7:15 ... So , I drag my behind out of the bed and open his door and ... he had gotten a WHOLE bag of mozzarella cheese out of the fridge and snuck it into his room and ... 
Made Banana Pancakes for breakfast ! Yummy ! 
is working on packing all the crap that has taken over her < PROPFEMALE > mouse-hole of an apartment ! 
Oh My Gosh ! Grey's Anatomy !!!! Ahhhhhhhh ! So emotional !!!! I thought I was going to have a breakdown ! 
Hi Ho Hi Ho , It's Off to work I go ! ;) 
hates packing !!!!!!! Grrrrrrowl !!!!! 
So , I am decorating my darn farm in Farmville ! It's addicting I tell you ! 
Wow , I wish I had help to load this moving truck on the 30th/31st !!! I really dread it ! I'm gonna be beat ! 
Gonna grill steaks ! And have a salad ! Yum , Yum !!!! And it's gonna be good , because < PROPFIRST > can REALLY grill !!! YAY ! 
So , I donated plasma this morning . Had a bad reaction , and it was really not fun . I started to get claustrophobic 40 drops shy of my donation amount . Then I got short of breath and started losing my vision and hearing . I almost went unresponsive . 
Feel much better today ! 
is having mixed emotions about moving . Soooo ready to go , but I will miss ( almost ) everyone dearly ! I wish I could take all my friends and co-workers with me ! 
Had the best time visiting < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , riding around with < PROPFEMALE > , going to the park with < PROPMALE > and watching < PROPMALE > eat ice cream ! Staying up all day was totally worth it ! Plus < PROPFIRST > got some alone time , I think he was starting to go a little nuts ! 
So , we just got our internet hooked up this morning ! Our trip was safe and speedy . The house is great and the neighborhood has been wonderful so far . I started work and it is going fair . Heck of a drive ( 25 < PROPFEMALE > . on the interstate ) . 
Not in the best mood today . Speeding ticket the other day , and now today i find out my bank acct . in OH was overdrawn and I didn't know it . Added up to 4 overdrafts . $104 !!!!! I could really afford that s**t ! Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrowl !!! 
Well , Am I ever going to heal from sunburn ? I just keep getting burn on top of burn , and sunblock is not helping ! 
monday night will be my first night on third shift here ! I am thankful ! 
is just keeping on keeping on . 
is SOOOOO O-O O-O O-O O MAD ! My paycheck is a week late ! Grrrrrrr ! I could really do some damage to someone or something today !!! 
Much better now that I got paid . My hip is killing me though . It feels like it is out of place . Happened throughout the night and has been hurting all day . 
Going to the hospital to get my hip checked out . I can barely lift my leg and am experiencing tingling numbness throught my leg and funnily enough , arm on my left side . Hope they get this figured out ! 
I am now back from the hospital . So , I have carpal tunnel , and a pinched nerve in both my lower back and hip . Add that to the one I already had on the coccyx ! Fun stuff ! Hours later , and a few pain killers , I feel better , but still in pain . Doc said to stay off of my feet , rest , and take prescribed pain meds untill the inflammation goes down . Thankfully , no messed up disks or fractures ! 
Hip is easing up , lower back is today's main culprit . Let me just add , carpal tunnel is crappy ! Tingly and hurts , but mostly seriously annoying ! But ..... I feel worlds better ! Thank goodness ! 
Going back to work tonight . The Doc told me to take off three days . Tonight would've been the third night , but they don't have anyone to cover my shift . So .... I go back to work . Hopefully the night goes well , because last night my back hurt so bad even after the pain med that I got dizzy and nauseated and threw up . Gotta get back in the swing of things though , so I'll just take it easy ! 
Okay ! So ... I come home this morning to my son covered in something blackish . Read on ...... 
If we are willin’\ 
To listen is to learn\ 
And too much is what we deserve\ 
And how come when we say that we do ; we don’t ? ~ They do , They Don't~J . J . 
Maybe it's up with the stars\ 
Maybe it's under the sea\ 
Maybe it's not very far\ 
Maybe this is how it's supposed to be\ 
This is how it's supposed to be\ 
Maybe it's trapped in a jar\ 
Something we've already seen\ 
Maybe it's nowhere at all\ 
Looking forward as we rewind\ 
Looking back is a trap sometimes\ 
Being here is so easy to do\ 
If you want to \ 
~~~~ J.J. 
had Memory making fun at the park with her two most special men . Pictures will be posted soon . 
is thinking the distinguished thing doesn't apply when a slivery white is starting to erupt on your head if you aren't even thirty yet !!!!!!!!!!!!! I am going to have to buy stock in hair dye for the rest of my life !!!!!!!!!! I'm depressed ! 
is having internet problems and is therefore typing this at the library . I'll have it up and running soon hopefully . Don't miss me too much ! 
Caught a moment to borrow someone's pc to say Hi everyone . Miss you all . Back on soon hopefully ! 
At HOME for Christmas . Boy , do I not miss curvy roads ! Especially when they are snowy ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! I love you all . Muah !!! 
Welcomes Spring ! 
