To look for a desktop 

needs a new laptop cooler . This one just isn't working enough . 
Only stupid people need smart bombs . 
After closing 3 bank accounts for people my age , I confirm my theory : Children these days are learning how to pass tests too much , and not learning how to live their lives properly . Each of the ones I've closed were quiet , innocent , and only had good inte 
My job these days is not to make a difference , it is to fight for a world in which I don't have to ... 
I look out at the street ... and I realize , this is still a ghetto of saint < PROPFIRST > . 
2 shots of red label , and then a beer and a half ... what the hell , I've gotten lightweight again ! 
Maybe I'm a beast . 
Another restless night . Strange , how even without the stress of school , I am robbed of sleep . 
To my coworkers who weren't there ... It's okay , you missed out on some funny things , but it would've been better HAD YOU BEEN THERE ! 
I AM BACK AT THE U !!!! YES !!!!! 
I wonder if I should buy the new MyTouch ... 
Apparently , I can only take 3 classes , since the rest of the classes are ... all at the same time . 
So , our house got broken into . Makes you realize how vulnerable your home and family really is . Also , how much of a blacksheep you are when everyone decides you're at fault for the robbery . 
From the heaven I've had to the hell I've been through , I'm always coming back home to you . 
In need of a job . And a car . 
It is proven : Coconuts kill more people a year than sharks . Question has arised : Do coconuts injure more people a year than sharks ? 
is trying to figure out what is also less dangerous than a coconut . 
Sometimes , I wonder ... Who's sappier ? Hmong or chinese ? 
Tab < PROPFEMALE > no , kuv mam ua siab ntev tos 
Tabsi kuv ntshai wb txoj hmoo tab < PROPFEMALE > no , kuv mam ua siab ntev tos 
LADIES ! FELLAS ! ......... Uhh , actually , just get your arse over to the HMONG ARTS FESTIVAL ! Saturday 10am - 6pm ! Performances , < PROPMALE > , and music all day ! 
Half an hour until my interview . EXCITEMENT ! 
As the sky weeps , my heart is drained of the emotions depressed . I can only pretend that it is just rain . 
broke like a joke . 
I'll give you OR now , and save GASM for later . 
I feel like I've never been away . 
Dammit , why is a work study position so hard to find ! 
YES ! LET US BE POSITIVE BY BEING MASSIVELY NEGATIVE ! IT IS THE MAN'S MANLY WAY OF BEING A MAN ! 
The nights of silence ring as loud as hell crashing the gates of midgaard . I do not know , but it feels as the world searches blindly , deafly , for its mother . Tell me , is this the < PROPFEMALE > in which we live in ? I feel that we can not be certain if this is the middle ground , or that we already live within our own heavens and hells . 
Anyone have a portable air compressor ? 
< PROPFEMALE > has gone mad . She has confused me with < PROPFIRST > and became convinced I looked different each day . Somehow I shrunk and then grew taller every day . 
Working as a BSAC Operator , starting next week ! Please change your reference manuals accordingly . 
blogging kinda fail 
Whether you like it or not , want it or not , that doesn't change the fact that you need it . 
My son needs punani and he needs it now ! I'll take two of them ! Let me see them first , I need to make sure they're fresh . 
First day of work ! ... And on facebook ! Yeah ! 
Moos Towers , cooling towers . FRIGGIN AWESOME ! 
Barfly free cover = non-free drinks , brothers = cheap fallback + wtf creepers = , elixir saturday = wtf television , like watching jackass when you're drunk , but at a bar ... 
R.I.P. Mr. Dumas 
C.Y.A. 
BURN big city , BURN big city ! 
Wait ... I just had my midterm TWO WEEKS AGO ! 
BITCH YOUR PUSSY DUN MEAN SHIT TO ME ! STOP ACTIN LIKE THAT'S THE ONLY THING I SEE ! 
How2repairlaptophardware 
Anyone got jumper cables for meh ? 
I laughed so hard , tears ran down my legs ! 
Masquerade ball > Laem music > Laem dance battle > Won a gift card . Shoulda stayed to watch movie with friends though . Otherwise pretty fail night . 
I NEED MY POWER BUTT ON ! 
You guys can't give pleasure to a vagina without turning sex into a science ! - Tantrum 
At work . Is dis NSFW ? 
Hard drive is dying , methinks . I'll have to check it out . 
Laptop's dying . Need an external , and a repair . Anyone got a spare laptop hard drive ? 
Needs a tongue clickin rhyme as I'm piecing together time like ain't nobody's business but god's self-design . 
There's no me and no you , just us . <3 
HEY EVERYONE I WANT YOU TO GO EAT SOME BIG GIANT TURKS OUT THERE SO HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO EVERYONE ENJOY THOSE TURKS CUZ I CAN'T SINCE I'LL BE WORKING BUT IT'S OKAY ! 
So a man walks into a bar ... * thunk * 
There is not greater pleasure than seeing your lived ones prosper . 
Evil , like Good , is indiscriminate in who it attempts to influence . It is the the free ? will of the person to accept it or cast it away . 
A nation has launched a nuclear warhead towards another nation . Which nation has justice on their side , and which nation is in the right ? 
Dance ... It's been a while since I've felt sore . 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > Moua is the coolest GIRL IN THE WOLRD !!! I wish I was just like her !! She's SSOOOOO AWESOME ! Hmong CHECK ! 
??????? ??? ?? ??? ?? ???? ? ? ?? ??????? ?? 
1.25 lab reports done in one day ! Woot ! Now I can turn them in late , but on time ! 
i like cute korean girls :) 
okay i like hmong girls 
So , for those who want to read a few of the poems that I have , I'm going to create a website / blog where I will keep a record of the ones which I want to show . For the rest of my poems , they're either too personal or you're just not the audience the poem was intended for . =) Sorry , but do enjoy ! 
woke up late for work ... still want to go to sleep . 
Just converted my netbook to 7 and upgraded with Corsair's 2gb 200 pin 667 mhz memory ... now to somehow try to get a refund on an external cd drive , etc ... 
A ( full , including language packs ) windows 7 update involves installing \Korea Messenger \"..." 
i want to be korean !!!! cause i love korean girls !! 
where is my japanese porn ?????? 
I am korean , because I can read korean now !! but I still love Japanese porn , I don't know why I love japanese girls , especially Hoshino Aki and Kadena Reon <3 
you know you're not awake when you see yessir and think it's yester , 
Two finals done in one day . Time to kill the night . 
Wow ... < PROPFEMALE > , if you were to do what you did in my dream just now , it would kill me .. I know it's crazy to ask you , but isn't there a way for you to come study here instead ..?? 
Nightmares and night scares , my own actions are causing my heart its own despair 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > is the number one pretty girl in the world !! 
You know your jeans are too tight when ( a . ) your legs get a work out from walking down a few blocks . ( b . ) everywhere you go , people stare at your legs , then your crotch . ( c . ) your loose underwear gets crinkled up because of all the fabric as you pull up your jeans . 
Facebooking before my final . Sitting in the auditorium . Lulz . 
My annual winter work out , morning of day 1 complete ! 
Please , Marry < PROPFIRST > , Miss ! 
Second day of annual winter work out , complete ! Please , Marry < PROPFIRST > , miss =) 
Intelligence ... It is the greatest strength and weakness of humans socially . It allows us to define who we are , and combine strengths to become a greater identity and being . It allows isolates us from ourselves , always seeking differences from others , until we are but alone . 
uses his car as a fridge for food and water storage 
?? ???!!! 
FUCKER ! STOLE MY LAPTOP ! 
The blue < PROPFEMALE > carries the meaning of a refused proposition . It is the cocktail most feared by men picking up women in bars . 
I'm gonna start this new year off honestly , I'm gay y'all . Sorry Paohui < PROPFEMALE > . I like penis . 
So like ... Even in winter ... Birds still shit on my car . 
PLAY ALONG : If you were to see me in a police car , what would you think I got arrested for ?? Answer me , then paste it on your status to see how many crimes you get charged with :) 
Ahh , yes . Cluster bombs in Laos . A reminder that < PROPFEMALE > gauges success by < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > of bombs used and planes returned from missions ... 
\I put my hands up and all of a sudden the wind blew and the tomato soup in my bowl parted .. \ " What does this mean ? " 
Today , I found out I've recently developed a bladder control issue . Every time I lift anything more than about fifteen pounds , I pee myself a little . I work in a warehouse . Heavy lifting is my job . FML 
Life truly is simple . It is really me who complicates it for myself . 
I'm a god , I just spent the last 4 hours looking at falcon punch / fallout 3 videos . I'm still not done with work . 
What is a hmong dance ? Does it involve a qeej , or hmong clothes ? If so , does that mean anything when attached with a qeej instantly becomes hmong ? Does that mean anyone who wears hmong clothes is instantly hmong ? Should we define ourselves , then , as ' instant hmong' ? 
tow fee : $250 . jump start : $85 . getting to my sister's on time to babysit : priceless . 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? I pray for the cure of cancer . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU 4 just one hour ?? 
Let me know if you get a funny message . Chances are it isn't me , so let's find out who it is . >=( 
late to work , thought it was next thursday night , not tonight ! FAWK ! 
Are these bouts of insomnia or just the fact that I've thrown my sleep cycle wayyyy out of whack ? 
Today , I got a biology quiz back . I had drawn a dinosaur on the back of the < PROPFEMALE > , asking for extra credit . When my teacher handed it to me , I turned it over to see that he had drawn a caveman shooting arrows at my dinosaur . It was bleeding . Profusely . I didn't get the extra credit . FML 
Today , my teacher compared the female reproductive system to Shrek's head . Never again will I be able to watch the movies . FML 
Today , I woke up at 3am because my wife was snoring loudly enough to wake me up . I went off to the guest room to try to get back to sleep . Eventually I fell back asleep . Then I had a dream that my wife was snoring loudly enough to wake me up . It woke me up . FML 
Bruises . Ice skates give me them . YES ! 
Hey guys , does anyone have the textbook for chem 1021 , Chemistry : The Molecular Nature of Matter and Change ? 
Think it's worth buying an older edition textbook just because it's only a quarter of the most current ? 
From experience , it is possible to change yourself . Though it may take a great deal of effort , a very strong determination , and even outside help , you can become whoever and whatever you want to be . To change others , however , gg lmk how it goes ! 
What to do for 30 minutes ? I can't remember the things I want to do for more than 5 ... seconds ... 
< PROPFEMALE > ?? Park is the awesomest Korean girl I've ever met . mmmhahahaha 
F(x ) - Chocolate Love 
Funny story how my teacher learned the C programming language ... Did you know that Japanese people are very suicidal ? Not only are they suicide prone , but their favorite way to die is to jump in front of a subway . My teacher had to create a program to be able to monitor the subway systems to try to prevent this . 
So this guy was salting the slightly iced over sidewalks around Northrop , and I couldn't help but think , \So easy the caveman is doing it ... \"" 
I realized that when I get tired , driving probably isn't the best thing to do . When you look forward and find that your eyes are jerking constantly -most likely due to muscle memory of REM- and you end up almost hitting the ditch because you were trying to change lanes ... You should take a power nap . 
Cornrows ... Where to get them ? 
There is no enjoyment nor satisfaction , but the duty and regret weighs so heavily upon me that I cannot disobey . 
It's very reassuring that you'll be safe with an open sidewalk , all the while there are icicles up to a meter long break off and stab the snowbanks around you . 
Ugh , gotta wait until 7 am . 
first monday of this semester , and I'm already tempted to skip ALL my classes . 
just found a buncha notes on korean vocab in his notebook . it's in purple pen . I don't have a purple pen . 
So my friend tells me , 40% of the time it works every time ! 
Thanks to everyone who's wished me a happy birthday ! I'm so grateful to you guys even if you haven't! 
Thanks to everyone for the wonderful night ! 
Ua cas , kuv xavxav ntau rhau lawm ... 
Worrrrk :( 
And I'll give you my heart , and the remote control , and the four digit code to detonate it . 
is horny looking at < PROPFIRST > Hiphophippo Doan and thinks < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is his ultimate idol . 
There must be someplace here that only you and I could go .. So I can show you how I feel . 
HERP DERP NUBS CAN'T THRO SHATZ AWAI NO GAEM 4 U 
DAMNIT ! I NEED SOMETHING TO DO UNTIL 12 ! 
And in the end , even I didn't do anything . 
???.. ?? ??? !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Thongphasavanh & Chow Huynh are the best everrr ! i'm going to take them out to sushi on friday for lunch ! :DD 
And again , there's proof that there are birds in the winter ... How do i know ? My windshield has their excrements ... 
So like , my car is parked right next to 13,000 volt transformer ... Is it going to turn into an autobot , or a decepticon ..?? 
KICK THE < PROPFEMALE > ! 
The feel of softness , pressed against my lips with an innocence and surprise ... How I wish to take you under my wing , and fly with you in my arms . 
It is not the camera , nor the pictures that makes the memory we've come to < PROPFEMALE > . Pictures may be beautiful , but the moment is irreplaceable . 
Let's hope I make it back home safe ! 
I wanna know , I gotta know your name , your name 
??? ?? ?? ? 
YO ! 
Sometimes , it just feels really good to scream out at the top of your lungs . Maybe that's why rock is appealing to me . 
oOo , to become a K-fan of : < PROPFIRST > Yuna ! 
I hate the massive amount of facebook spyware and adware that's creeping out from these bitch programmers . 
Wide awake the entire night . Now the fatigue sets in , when I'm fucking driving home ! 
Regretting the extra hours I decided to sleep instead of allowing myself to be woken up . 
So , I beg the question : If we want other people not to make racist asian jokes , do we have to kick their ass anytime they make one ? 
I hate assembly code . It makes me want to go into creative writing as my < PROPMALE > . Ohh , my poetry ... 
THE HELL , SOMEONE STOLE MY WASABI STOLEN CHOPSTICKS ?!? 
Geek geek geek ! 
Seeing as asians win in every coordination sport there ever is ... It's only a matter of time before we win in the rest . :D 
The ratio of overweight americans to overweight chinese is most likely greater than 10,000 to 1 .... which is ironic , because there's roughly 5 chinese for every one american . 
My belief in nothing can be also said to be belief in everything , but in the belief of everything , it can be nothing that is believed ... I question our very existence , and by doing so , I find myself to be human . 
3 energy drinks ... it's bending me over bad . 
We Three Kings of Orient Are ... < PROPMALE > Wii < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > L Ouk 
Good morning U of M ... I'm working for you again today . This time you better f*ckin pay well ! 
Castaway ... On the < PROPFEMALE > . 
The process of evolution is to become ... tastier ! 
6 more problems to go ! FIGHTING ! 
I knew I wouldn't forget you , and so I went and let you blow my mind . 
You know you use a manly shampoo when it says what color dress the scent compliments on the back . 
... Today , I went home thinking I would be able to get some studying done . I've opened my book , got the sample problems up on my netbook , and then decided to youtube some < PROPFEMALE > to listen to . So far , Goo Hara has held my attention for the good two hours I've been home ... 
Currently discussing during my exam time anecdotes about people being obliterated and computers being more valuable than humans ... Wouldn't it be great if I could simply sit here and facebook during my exam the whole time ? I'm pretty sure I can . :D 
Endless thoughts in endless time , feeling forever caught in the drifts of emptiness ... A single second seems to last a lifetime , aging my mind and soul to the worlds of ancients , contagious it seems not , for I seem but to only watch others wisp by the seams of fate . 
I dreamed I fell in love with a robot ... And the only way you could tell there were robots amongst us was if they ate food or not ... 
Thank you rain . You have washed my car for me . 
Don't you find it funny , how you go to west bank , and find white douche bags ... and then you go to east bank , and find a bunch of asians ... and saint < PROPFIRST > is just suburb dead ? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s iPod found in ASU ... who's < PROPFEMALE > ...??? I know a < PROPFEMALE > , a < PROPFEMALE > e ... I don't know a < PROPFEMALE > . 
I find my hair really nice and soft ... Another excuse not to continue reading up on assembly language ... 
Regret ? Yes ... Painful ? Of course ... Moved on ? Not really ... but surely ... I'll somehow do it . And I hope you do too ... 
TEST TIME ! 
Ahhhh , saturday ... It's so nice to be on spring break ... Now , who's actually on campus ? :D 
Yum , nothing like two mcdoubles to fill me up ..!! ... I'm still hungry . What should I eat ? 
Woo ! Second day of spring break ! ... I'm still on campus though . I've spent about 30 hours of the last 48 here ... 
So , I'm hungry on campus ... Anyone wanna go out for dinner ? :D 
Why do I care ? It's strange ... the moment you step into my life , that's just how it is . 
What are these people doing , IMing me at 3-6 in the morning ? :P 
Should I keep 7 , or go back to XP ? Netbook decisions .... 
Woman with a large nose , woman with large ears , man with a large belly , woman with a large poitrine , man with a large < PROPFEMALE > ... 
URRRGH ! STOP HITTING THOSE EMERGENCY CALLS ON THE ELEVATORS IF IT'S NOT AN EMERGENCY ! YOU WAKE ME UP FROM MY NAP AT WORK !!! GRR !!!! 
? ? (???) ??? (????) ?? ??? ?? ???? ( ?? ??? ) ?? ( ?? ?? ) ??? (????) ? ??? ?? ?? ??? ( ?? ??? ) 
Wishing my netbook could run x64 vista ... 
poop x 2 
dookie ! 
Enjoying the actual studying I've been getting done ... sitting here with < PROPFIRST > Jiyoung < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Viet Huynh as they goof off . 
Blia Vue and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Nguyen were both up at 5 this morning ! wth ! GO TO SLEEP ! haha :D 
Jonny Nguyen rules !! 
I was stupid and forgot to check out the books in reserve at the library before 9 tonight ... Guess I'm going to cramster for the homework probs . 
Anyone able to give me a refresher course on imaginary < PROPFIRST > ? isn't it something like i , -1 , -i , 1 ...?? 
Forgive me , for this computer lab is more confusing than the math that's involved in actually doing it . 
Nobody to study with , no place to study , no materials to cover ... I think I'm going to go to be bored until bedtime tonight . 
Follow through . 
I feel the urge to oppress all those who believe to be above me . They have forgotten what is human by misguidance , and by doing so will bring out the worst in everyone . 
Working tonight . Hopefully I can wake up to volunteer tomorrow . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6_9IhH_Mq0 
Home in about a half hour . 
CASA and KSA's Night in Seoul and Shanghai was SO FUN ! Too bad I'm at it again here at work ... =( 
What do you want me to do ? Dress in drags and do the Hula ?? 
Damn ice water ! My arm feels sore despite the lack of activity ... 
Forgive me for being sentimental . 
Mulling things over , can't ever decide . Stick with it and go , stop trying to have it all ! 
HEY COME CELEBRATE MICHAEL'S BIRTHDAY ! WE'RE GOING TO FRU LA LA AT 7 !!! YEAHHHHH WOOO !!! 
REMEMBER ! 7-8 TONIGHT AT FRU LA LA FOR CELEBRATING MICHAEL'S BIRTHDAY TONIGHT ! 
i like turtles 
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT TO CELEBRATE MICHAEL'S BIRTHDAY TONIGHT ! AND TO ALL OF THOSE WHO DIDN'T , SHAME ON YOUUUUUUUUU 
It was pointless for me to go to class . 
I just won a PhD from < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . I beat him with a straight on the river . 
< PROPFIRST > Wong < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Vassily Em < PROPFIRST > Huynh all owe me a PhD and a Bachelors ! BWAHAHAHAHA !!! RIVER RUNS ! 
Even these songs of happiness cannot heal these holes where I've cut you from my heart . 
Turned the corner on washington to go to the back of Coffman , and then saw police lights and a horn . Between us was a guy on a bike . I'm SOOO lucky it wasn't me that was pulled over ! 
I REALLY LOVE MEN ! 
And even if you don't see it , even if I don't show it in a way you want to see ... You should know without a doubt that I care for you . 
Smelled the rain , felt the drops . I hope tonight rains hard enough to wash my car . 
And I pray that I will meet you again . 
And I couldn't be happier . Thank you . 
Should I get a 2gb ipod shuffle ... or a game ? Finally reward points are worth something ... small . 
Look at me , the one that you once loved . Look at me , the one that once loved you . 
Quiz Quiz Quiz 
What an interesting night ... first < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > wakes and chases some ducks next to the patient ramp across from centen ... then I pick up < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and Seng < PROPFIRST > from the corner , having missed their bus ! LOL 
What a waste of time . I came to class , realized all we're doing is debating the iphone , itouch , and ipad , and so I'm going to leave . 
I've yet to get out of bed . I feel like today's been the most peaceful for me so far . :D 
???????????????? 
And to do something as selfish and impudent as that , I would rather die than stoop so low . 
And all I can do is pray ... 
Don't be a fool and keep everything in . 
Often when I get weak-hearted , I hate myself . 
Someone should text < PROPFEMALE > Thongphasavanh and tell her to TURN HER PHONE OFF ! We're in a study area ! >:( 
Follow through . Follow through . Just follow through , damn it ! 
And it seems nothing I do will allow me to forget , for everything seems to remind me of you . 
And the worst problem is not being able to find a solution . Not anymore . 
Physics 3 , or Chem 2 ? Chem 2 is so much easier , but physics is just so fascinating ... 
.... Forget this . Relay for life . HERE I COME ! 
And with that ... I smile again . I truly smiled again . 
Straight coffee vs . ice cream . Results ? The ice cream doesn't work too well as creamer , since it doesn't mix well . Probably a very low concentration of coffee with water can dilute the coffee enough so that the ice cream will make it taste sweet . 
Good night , sweet dreams . =) I'll be dreaming of you .. 
There is not a heart that does not know the impact of a person lost , whether in love or in life . 
Even if it meant breaking from customs and standards , I would stand beside you in full support . 
FUCK ! Stomache pains woke me up . Gotta see the docs asap . :( 
I'm officially missing you . <3 
Dehydration + Beer = longer buzz than you'd think . 
likes turtles 
A long night . Nervousness hits , and I'm done ~ 
Crazy Dreams . Surreal Delusions . 
Even if the earth will be ruined tomorrow , I will plant an apple tree today . 
First meal today : Subway ! Eat fresh ! 
It's hard to frown with a straw in your mouth - Jamba Juice 
Blast to the past : Wanting to serve .. Semper Fidelis . 
Gmail killed my Outlook . =( 
My google translation for my Chinese Oral : You ! You watch TV , did anyone want me to exercise ? I do not exercise more than a week it ! Do not be afraid , but exercise is very interesting ! Exercise does a body good , you see me , my belly fat before , now very thin ! Some good exercise , for example , running , playing soccer , and basketball players . 
Work . I could be out enjoying my time with the buds , but I ain't got much of a wallet so I gotta keep packing it in until it stays . 
A full day spent doing ... what ? 
My body ... Its eyes refuse to open to the world , its arms refuse to open up to the world ... It lays curled up as I can only scream inside to let me out to the world . 
Isn't it great ? I'm staring at this problem like it's physics ... In short , I think I need some revelation to move on forward . 
We play the race card every time . Why ? Because the only non-minority cases we hear are sex scandals and columbine . 
Most people in this world only see what they expect to see , regardless of what's there in front of their eyes . They only see what they know to be true . 
Hey , shhh , listen ... Hear that ? ... It's the winds of change . 
The greatness of coding a \tackle\ " command to a program ... : > tackle Teng :: enters :: > You tackle Teng to the ground . > Teng tackles you to the ground ! " 
Chillen at Fru-Lala . 
?????.... 
You guys have really advertised this geisha night well . How do I know ? I'm attending 3 different S Geisha Nights ! LMAO 
Thanks you guys , it was a great night ! Good luck on all your finals , wish you the best ! 
Ahhh , what wonderful rain ... It was useless of me to water the garden yesterday . 
And so I again want to be a douchebag . Why ? If you go clubbing : Your friends are bitches , the bitches become your friends , those you look out for think you're interested in them , the ones who don't give a shit pretend to be interested in you and give you drinks , the ones you think got your back really don't give a shit about you , and the ones who really do care are fucking creepy . You ask me if I had a good time ? ... 
So ... The sixth sense is a gaydar ... and the seventh is freaks and geeks . If that's the case , where do ghosts and ghouls ever come into play ? 
... Where did my chem book go ? How inconvenient that it got misplaced when I'm done with my chinese final . 
Practice final ... 19/35 problems correct . I'm fucked . 
... Damn . a 3 hour nap and I feel more refreshed than I do from 10 hours of actual sleep . 
18/36 FML 
YES ! 28/35 ! I'M DOING BETTER !!! I CAN DO IT !!!! 
It looks like the plague hit my arm . Damn fall . 
Rolling down frat row with the windows down and the k-pop / j-rock up . 
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT LAST QUESTION ABOUT !? 
My income tax went through . I'm now that much closer to ridding myself of this credit card debt . 
Took out the dogs . They seemed a little disgruntled and disappointed in their temporary caretaker . 
girls wanna fuck with your mind , while guys wanna fuck with your body ... hrmm , hard decision right there . 
Gonna run the dogs . Nahla's whining for a good run . =) 
fuck . the dogs pooped on the ground while I was gone ... while cleaning , I was wondering why the shower wouldn't drain ... now my finger won't stop bleeding because I found a razor or some other sharp thing down there . 
...??? Did nahla eat the bowl ..??? Why can't I find it ?!? 
It's very odd watching kooley talk to me and nahla gaze at me with her sad dog eyes while I'm eating . 
Brother 
Morning sun . Why is it you're burning my back while I'm sleeping today ? 
Kooley and Nahla + Bronx = semi-success !? Let's have another try again later Hnou Xiong :) 
Brought kooley and nahla along to the fire pits at como today ... Hrm , I hope nahla didn't eat anything insane there . Threw a huge mushroom into the fire ... 
Lmao , what a wonderful ad . \Life is short . Have an affair . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Affair Guaranteed . \"" 
Trauma Center : Second Opinion ? 
Lol noodle fail . 
Today was good day ... 
I just saw nahla hump kooley ... Apparently for these two dogs , if a female is in heat , she will literally fuck you too . 
Damnit , couldn't sleep at all . Guess I'll have to make up the sleep later . 
Slimfast , because who has time to slim slowly ? 
is back at work ! Time to start studying that korean ... 
Girls nowadays don't give anyone the benefit of the doubt when it comes down to introducing and meeting guys : You're either hot , a douche , or creepy , and if you're none of those , you're not remembered . 
People are naturally arrogant and narcissistic in such a society as ours , where they will not improve upon themselves , but their status . 
My Father . 
I don't care if you can make a crowd cry with you , or you break every glass in a mile radius . Just sing with all your heart , and I'll be right there , singing right along with you . 
Someone give me a book to read . 
Home ... Finally Home . 
Note to self : Communication is key to any kind of relationship , and even more important to closer relationships . 
BONUS ! I messed up on my taxes , and found out I actually am getting more back than I already did . 
Teaching/tutoring in korean ... When I'm a beginner myself . Wooooo ~ ! 
\Twilight is retarded . What creature of the dead SPARKLES !? I MEAN REALLY ! \"" 
Just woke up . 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? 
Who can cut / trim hair ..?? 
Is it just me or did everyone not sleep last night , including myself ? 
Wintermelon ... Perfect fruit for the summer . =) 
Loving the rain , too bad I can't go out . 
At work , smelling like a bonfire and freshly killed cow on my clothes . 
I feel a lazy day today 
Bcoz we hmong people are ninjas , and have the ability to blend wherever we go ! 
Listening to the melodies of Katamari . 
For what is seen is temporary , but what is unseen is eternal . 
Waking up . Time to go to work . 
Getting messages from others about embarassing videos and such . The link doesn't even look legit , and the way they talk is just like a bot . Damn , facebook , you screwed up big time ... 
The deep bass of thunder with the hi hats of falling rain hitting the dry crying earth . Music within the nature . 
These small acts of love . 
If you had the power to destroy the evil that was causing your family , your friends , your neighbors to suffer ... Would you ? 
Free food is the best food ! 
So ... Is it just me , or is it scarier driving in the morning than it is at night ? 
I like how here in Minnesota it just started POURING rain once Spain scored . 
Revolver Ocelot : I love to reload during a battle . There's nothing like the feeling of slamming a long silver bullet into a well greased chamber .. 
Picked up the G . Tar after a long hiatus . Missing the numbing sting of my finger tips , oh yeah . 
suggestions on what song to learn for guitar anyone ? 
i love my cousins best friends cousin 
... I guess one disadvantage to short hair in the summer : Mosquitoes will bite your head . 
From storm chasing to preparing for the < PROPFEMALE > picnic tomorrow ... A fun and interesting night . 
I think my dad put the thermostat on heat instead of off ... Yep , it's on heat . 
WEIRD dreams of world domination . 
“Romantic\ 
love is mental illness . But it's a pleasurable one . It's a drug . It \ 
distorts reality , and that's the point of it . It would be impossible to \ 
fall in love with someone that you really saw . ” < PROPFEMALE > Lebowitz 
\Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in \ 
Because I have nothing better to do , and it'd be a waste of gas ... I'm here at my workplace 2 hours early . Time to take a nap . 
What ? I've changed ? No I haven't ... You're just finally starting to peel the layers . 
On the way back , listening to music by myself in the car ... Freaked out because I thought there was a cop behind me when I heard the sirens on the soundtrack . 
Ohhh yeah , double shift comin ' up this weekend ! WOO ! ... Damn it . 
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhh I woke up . Damn sleep schedule's gone haywire since I've been doing these overnights every night . 
Feeling a night of explosions , a world of literacy blasted with emotions . 
People often forget things that they did when they were really small ... but sometimes there may be one thing , one very small thing that didn't matter to you at all ... But there are cases , where that small thing would greatly change someone else's life . 
Bye bye bye , why did you say bye bye 
It should start when it's supposed to start , so if it doesn't start when it's time to start then it won't start when it's supposed to start because there's an issue that won't let it start . 
Ahh , that must be the legendary pizza disappearing technique . I am honored to be in the presence of someone so great . 
I think I figured out what triggered last night ... Practically shotgunned a Nos energy drink before the sun fell . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Chui < PROPFEMALE > Chen 
I <3 Linli Fung . * MUAH !! 
You mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger , darling . 
Hungry in Dinkytown . What's good ? 
Dance to this song , Let's dance to this song ! 
Damn mosquitoe bites all over ... It sucks waking up from a night of scratching . 
My car smells like the sea ... I wonder if it means if I should head to the beach , or clean my car . 
What's somebody like you doin ' in a place like this ? 
And all the memories , let flown as the lock is turned and the pressure released ... There is no leak that becomes into the destruction of the door . It is willingly , inevitably opened , and the door no longer holds within the heart as it floods . The memories , they call . The heart answers . 
Linli Fung is the bestesttttt ! <3 
It's been good times .. 
I can't believe I haven't though of this yet ; while I'm at work these late nights , I should be grinding away at scholarships . 
wtffff , $2.54 /gal in Apple Valley .... 
Ethics 1001 : DO as I say , not as I do . That also means if you're in deep shit , I'm not gonna help , I'm just gonna say I told you so . 
I'm ... Still at work . I guess I do want more time at work ... But , why at 6:31 , when I should be heading home from work ..?? Why not at like 2:00 pm , when the evening shift starts ..?? 
Why is it my worst nightmare is also my greatest dream ... They're not memories locked away it seems , but instead , dreams of future gone . 
Wind knocked out of you ... Eye opening . 
When you think about it , paper cutting someone to death is highly cruel and unusual , albeit a humorous office thought . 
... You ? What's so special about you ? You're one fish inside a giant ocean , and just part of another school . 
paxia's cooooool !! 
Thirsty for hours ... And scholarships . 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn , but that's alright because I love the way it hurts . Just gonna stand there and hear me cry , but that's alright because I love the way you lie . I love the way you lie . 
And honestly , if I could go back to change it all between us two , I would . 
Losing it all 
There's a pain in my nose like I should sneeze , but I can't . It's lasted for a good 10 minutes now . 
All this pain that I feel ... Is pain that's caused by myself only ... Does that make me emo ? :V 
Sitting in the car at a red light , and a roach ( or some ... uhh , round bug that looks like one ) flies in the window , bumps into my arm , and then falls under the seat . I hear wings flapping and my bags rustling every time I go inside my car now . 
No ! Don't! It's a TARP !..... Uhh . 
Somehow , I always find myself on campus . Why ? That's a very good question . 
A sleepless night ... A working day ... A restless mind ... An overworked heart . 
Waves of nostalgia hit me every time I listen ... Because I didn't when I should've . 
When life gives you lemons , you paint that shit gold . 
Youa < PROPFEMALE>'s phone switches the ' u ' with the ' i ' ... so sick , my duck ;__; ... 
Nice ! I won't have to buy a new textbook for phys2503 ! I'll just need to get the special relativity topic covered in lecture notes . Sounds like a plan ~ 
C'mon now who do you ... who do you- who do you- who do you think you are ? ... Hahaha , bless your soul . You really think you're in control ? 
Oh , I'm sorry . Did I not fall for your helpless-little-bitch act ? Oh , hrmm , maybe if you stroked my < PROPMALE > a bit more and actually got it hard , I'd comply . Oh , no ? Oh , so sad , boo hoo . Go find someone else to get your shit from , bitch . 
The pain . The fury . The fear . The sorrow . The joy . The end . Shit < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > I needa play that again ... 
Soooo my wrists are practically dead and arthritis'd now ... Anyone know how to fix that ? 
???? ????... \ 
She's right there in front of my eyes ... 
Gopher Saturday ... What does this mean to you ? PPHD ... Pedestrian/Parking Hell Day 
How would you see yourself going down in a blaze of < PROPFEMALE > ? In what way would you wanna die and be remembered ? 
I guess that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano , I just know that I love you too much . 
While on my way to my car after getting done with work , the Rock decided to jump me . He put his foot in front of the wheels on my skateboard and stopped it , then sidestepped with a hand pushing at my waist to send me flying forward and towards his partner , Bottom . Luckily I parried Bottom's attacks , but they were so vicious that my arms and legs took damage . 
Oil changed . Battery cleaned . Engine sounds stronger . 
Been a long time since I've seen moos so empty . 
It sucks how every time I go to class I feel caught up , only to still be several steps behind . Get ahead ! Get ahead ! 
Thoughts tonight : F*QWERTYKEYBOARD*ING WOMAN DRIVER , LEARN TO TURN ON A CURVE AND STOP SWERVING INTO MY < PROPFIRST > ! ... Gas is finally going down , let's hope it's down further when I needa do a stop . ... If and when there's a zombie apocalypse , I'll be ready ! ... If you like someone , and just hearing their name gives you butterflies , does it really matter if anyone else likes you ? 
Work til 6 in the mourn . 
F FORGOT MY KOREAN HOMEWORK AT ASU ! 
So fuck it back to the wall , crush it , laugh at em all , hush , let em try to find the beauty in your face , something , more than a song , they hatin , aw come on , dust , let em try to find the beauty in the bassline , aw but then them words don't change , we won't sing with what will fade away , yeah we do our own damn thing , we don't blink at what tomorrow might bring AT ALL ! 
You ever do that ? You ever wake up and eat some food ? You should try it ... It's pretty good . 
Hugging my mom and dad , my family : The best feeling ever , better than sex , better than drugs , better than food , better than sleep , better than an 100% on a test . Why ? Love . 
Work again ... Perhaps a different job is in order . 
Photo memories , sponsorships , and ads - Another way to fb-stalk , app/virus style . 
Turn around so I can see your smile before you go . We'll park the car , and turn off the engine and we'll talk ' til the morning comes . 
First meal of the day , delicious ! Time to scholarship hunt . 
What a storm ... Leaves everywhere , pots overturned , flowers gone , branches down . 
However , /real/ grandfather clocks ... A long massive < PROPMALE > with a large round disk at the end . 
Physics : Sitting here and staring at the problem and hoping the answer'll somehow pop up in your head . 
Have you ever had the feeling that you liked someone so much , you didn't know what to do , but it felt like you had to impress that person just to try to get them to notice you ? Yeah ... :/ 
Ahhh , finally time to relax here at wor-OH YEAH THAT'S RIGHT I HAVE SOME HOMEWORK THAT WAS GIVEN OUT RIGHT AFTER MY QUIZ WOOOOOOOO !!! :( 
Although we've come to the end of the road , still , I can't let go . It's unnatural , you belong to me . I belong to you . 
A long time ago I had a lady to love . She made me think of things I never thought of , now she's gone and I'm on my own . A love song has come into my mind ..?? A love song , it was there all the time . 
Anyone wanna help me with circuits ? I need me a refresher course on how to properly solve for currents with kirchoff's laws . 
I'M PROGRESSING ! I'M PROGRESS ! NEXT PROB-shit . 
I just realized there's a second book , which is actually more necessary than the first , that I need for my circuits class . I'm sooo fawked . 
I can't do my hw . My books are missing chapters . T T.T T 
Lullaby for you ... May tomorrow be wonderful for you . -The World Ends With You OST Main Theme 
OMG My mom made pho ! ~ I love phAAAAAGHHH MY EYES !!! SIRACHA'S IN MY EYES !!! 
Haha these nubs , they don't know the power of the thumb cutter . 
I thought I took one step , I took two back . I'm not even close this time , and that's a fact . 
I JUST realized that my professor for ???... Helped write the book we're using . 
Home : The only place where I can literally wake up to fresh pho . Thanks mom ! <3 P.S. - I didn't get any siracha splashed into my eye this time ! 
I slept under Youa < PROPFEMALE > n Yolei ??? yesterday night/ early morning . keke 
And that may be all I need . In darkness she is all I see . Come and rest your bones with me , we're driving slow on sunday morning .... 
There's good and evil in each individual fire , identifies needs and feeds our desires . As long as we keep our spirit inspired she can bite her bottom lip all she wants . 
Aw , but then them words don't change , we won't sing with what will fade away . Yeah , we do our own damn thing , we don't blink at what tomorrow might bring at all . 
Are you correcting a comment that was never made , or can you really speak to the dead ? 
While like this , I share with you without leaving anything behind . We'll soon realize that that means everything . Sadness travels down our cheeks and becomes a river of tears , and our wavering feelings will turn into a whirlpool and melt together . 
Such an insane dream ... Yet , I come out of it feeling as if I've actually lived a day or three . 
One double , for the hunger and the struggle . Two , for the fool trying to pull apart the puzzle . Three , now I smile while I wait for your rebuttle . By the fourth shot , I'm just a child in a bubble ... Pour me another , cuz I can still see the floor . 
Here in this moment , we are the only ones alive and the temperature changes , suddenly it's so warm inside . So , how do I know when I'm falling in love ? 
Standing at the bottom of the steps , if I tilt my head a little I could look up her dress . And I'm willing to bet that she'd move if she knew , so I'mma tap her on the shoulder , I'mma give her a clue . 
Said I promised to never fall in love with a stranger ; you're all I'm thinkin ' of , I pray the lord above for sending me your love , I < PROPFEMALE > every hug . I really love you . 
... So like , I come home , and as I'm heading to the bathroom , my bro's desktop decides to put itself out of screensaver mode .. It then self-restarts . Windows automatic installation coincidence , or ..?? 
To a woman , history matters but doesn't matter at the same time . She'll remember everything that you've done wrong to her . But it doesn't matter when it comes to certain things , like ice cream . You've always gotten her mint . So you want to surprise her so you get mint . History has shown that she likes mint . When you give her the ice cream she goes , \I really wanted some sherbet\ " - Sai Vang " 
The washer has a super wash cycle of 16 minutes ... I've been waiting 37 , and still waiting . Oh wait it stopped ! Nevermind , it's just playing games with me and making me go to it just so it can start up again . 
The heart beats the music . The body flows the rhythm . Dance because your body's shouting . Sing because your voice is needing . 
My workplace is like Hogwarts : People don't see it , and they think they have to run through a brick wall to get to it ... Like < PROPFIRST > Wiseman-Smith and Pajkou Vang 
Sleeping in before 11 ... A luxurious night . 
A midterm exam question on in my EE2301 class - ( T/F ) [ George Boole invented Boolean Algebra ] NOR [ Sweet corn is better than sex ] 
http://www.chinasmack.com/2010/stories/shandong-schoolgirl-sent-home-for-long-hair-commits-suicide.html 
Put this as your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is \ 
that people will understand that being gay is not a disease - people who\ 
are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... \ 
93% won't copy and paste this . Promote LOVE & acceptance ! NOT hate ! ? 
To avoid my practice test : Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always ... wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you 7 . Challenge you ...... to post this as your status 
Wish I had the textbook that isn't missing chapters ... Again . 
baling sungay . 
Wow . That was one long nap ... 
Is it perhaps my own being to think it is the strangest thing to find one's self wanting to commit ? 
I'm not sure whether it's me who's changed , or everything else . I don't mind , though , if you're by my side . It's true that there are things I'd rather forget , it's true that I can't bear to look back . Even so , memories are the heart's treasures . That's why they're always there . 
Why can't I sleep ? Is it because I'm young , or is it because I'm lonely ? I didn't care either but now , for the first time , I want to spend the night dreaming ... And even in the dark , we're not alone . I want to live on , carving new memories . Already , the past is gone eternally ... And even once we wake , we're not alone . 
Sometimes , and perhaps more often than not , and more than it should \ 
anyway , we are attracted to those things that we cannot obtain . Whether \ 
it is that we caught a glimpse of something new , or a touch of something\ 
reminiscent , or a sensation that we need , we are then drawn to it like a\ 
moth to fire . 
Play hard . Study harder . 
??? ???! ??? ???! ? _ ? 
* waves * \Hey ! \ " \"...???\" \ " O-o -oh ! Sorry ! \ " \ " Hahaha ! It's okay ! \ " Aaaghhh ... And she was cute too ... " 
You are my < PROPFEMALE > , I am only your servant ;\ 
We are twins that < PROPFEMALE > has played a cruel jest on . \ 
Even if the whole world turns against you\ 
I'll become the only evil that is on your side . 
It is not that your criticism isn't wanted . It is that your criticism is not constructive . 
The night is too short , it feels wasteful to send you away . Worried that your legs might hurt , I piggyback you home , I don't care if anyone sees , because you are next to me . I will love only you , I wanna spend my whole life with you , the reason I will hurt is only when you're not mine . 
[ Today we broke up ... You told me to meet someone better than you , and be happy ... You're just like all the other guys , what happened to when you told me you loved me ? Honestly , I don't want you to be happy . What am I going to do if you really forget about me ? I'm in so much pain , more pain than I can bare ... Because I'm still in love with you . ] I lost you ... My greatest treasure . 
The cold ... I finally feel it again . This biting cold , deep within my heart . 
Thanks BK ! I appreciate that you gave me a 5 piece chicken tender instead of 4 ! 
If perfect's what you're looking for , then just stay the same . 
The momentum of a photon is thus related to its wavelength ? by p = E/c = hf/c = h/ ?... Compton applied the laws \ 
of conservation of momentum and energy to the collision of a photon and \ 
an electron ... The increase in wavelength is independent of the wavelength ? i of the incident photon ... Compton wavelength ? C . Its value is so great and vast that you cannot comprehend the power of its attack ... T.T 
It is impossible to devise an experiment which determines whether you are at rest or moving uniformly . 
That is , if the automobiles collide , then there is no question that the two cars were in the intersection at the same time . The lasting evidence dictates that observers in all reference frames must agree on this fact . Any pair of events that occur at the same time and at the same location are referred to as a spacetime coincidence . 
I should learn to say no . 
Even in the fall , with the cool crisp air and the geese now gone , birds are still shitting on my car . 
Calculate speed of a photon with kinetic energy of 1100 MeV and a mass of 938 MeV/c^2 .... As expected , the speed is greater than zero and less than c . hurrrdurrrr 
A wad of putty of mass m1 strikes and sticks to a second wad of putty of mass m2 , which is initially at rest . Do you expect that after the collision the combined putty mass will be ( a ) greater than , ( b ) less than , ( c ) the same as m1 + m2 ? Explain your answer . 
The probability of finding the particle either in the region between x1 and x1 + dx or in the region between x2 and x2 + dx is the sum of the separate probabilities P(x1 ) dx + P(x2 ) dx . If we have a particle at all , the probability of finding the particle somewhere must be 1 . 
On a good , bright and clear monday morning full of fresh crisp air , birds still shit on my car . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUWmuZ3WvWw 
Sleep now , study in the morning ..?? Study now , sleep in the morning ..? 
Feeling much better ... sleeping then studying in the morning > studying then sleeping in the morning . 
Stop it , it's not like you to lie . Look at my eyes and let's talk about our future . I am prepared , even if the future is bleak , I might be able to change < PROPFEMALE > if I become stronger . But , for my wish to come true , everything is ... God knows ... 
This affection , that warms when it reaches me , makes reality melt and wander . I don't need a reason to meet you , just my overflowing feelings loving you . Just for now , I'll paint a beautiful dream and < PROPMALE > after you for your lonely heart . 
I just realized that the chapters I was reading on for three weeks are actually not on the same topics as my class ; I've been reading on schrodinger's equation and the uncertainty principle , when I should've been reading < PROPMALE>'s equation and electromagnetic waves . 
T - minus 7 hours ... 
' You know what ?! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is ten years old . Yeah , he is . ' -Saulye , my little nephew who like to be < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . :) 
T - 2.5 hours ... 
It takes about 9.4 hours to rocket yourself 20m in space by shooting a 1 kW laser in a direction . On the contrary , if you threw a 10 g shoelace at 10 m/s , you'd cover 20m in 5 hours . . . Ahh , the wonders and greatness of light >.> 
Waking up , feeling horrible . Still , < PROPFIRST > Wiseman-Smith , you have to admit , it was hilarious !!! 
Hmmm ... To fully appreciate the beauty of the blue sky , you must realize that there's a massive amount of atmospheric particles which reflect and refract a large amount of the light from the sun ... * drones and drolls * 
\You shouldn't anger my brother in his own car . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > " 
You are my < PROPFEMALE > , I am your servant ;\ 
< PROPFEMALE > divided pitiful twins . \ 
If it's to protect you , I will even become evil . 
NEKO MIKO REIMU ~ NYA NYAN NYAN NYAN NYA ! 
Someone's downloading in 2nd floor coffman ... The bandwidth is being stolen . 
??? :( 
hates how something goes wrong when he clicks on home . how long does it take to troubleshoot and fix that one glitch ? ... more than three months apparently . 
Shit . What the fuck . 
? ??????? ??? ?? ? ???... 
All you people who keep pressing the alarm button on the elevators in coffman ... screw you !! I already have too many calls on plowing to deal with you !! 
And so my car finally gets a car wash !!! The snow puts enough pressure onto my car so that when I wipe it away , it wipes away the dirt as well ... Ahhh , the joys of having a car ... whose clearance is so low that you're practically shoveling the road with it >.< 
Yesterday was quite busy at work ; today's awesomely quiet and slow . 
< PROPFIRST > Wiseman-Smith Nguyen < PROPFEMALE > Pham Paohui < PROPFEMALE > DO NOT ACCEPT GIFTS FROM STRANGERS , ESPECIALLY IF THEY'RE GLASSES ! 
This is where we part , all my feelings disappear into thin air , reducing to 0s and 1s . The < PROPFEMALE > tail curtain is falling , leaving nothing behind here . It's a little sad , isn't it ? Everything except the memories of a voice is fading , leaving only a name but if , say , I know that it is not what He wished for , singing it all to the end was not in vain , is what I want to think . 
As my back slowly deteriorates , I know it's going to be a long , cold night at work ... 
Dilemma : Do I drive home this morning at 6 , or do I drive home at 10 ..?? And in either case , how to properly navigate . 
And so I sit down ... And immediately i feel the pain . 
My supervisor gets paid to hold a pager , and while she's holding the pager she gets to go to the comedy club ... 
Nyob zoo xyoo tshiab . 
Woo ! Lab is now finished ! Now I just have to do my lab report . T_T 
Wooey ! A < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > dancing game for the WII !!!! .... -__-; 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwaXk-Xbzvg&feature=rec-LGOUT-exp_fresh+div-1r-41-HM 
http://www.stevepavlina.com/blog/2005/10/polyphasic-sleep/ 
thinks Cin Pan , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , & Nguyen < PROPFEMALE > Pham are the most amazing people on this planet . <3 
Shovel and pusher combo = $20\ 
Gas = $40\ 
Ticket = $42\ 
Towing fee = $156\ 
Getting your car out onto the main streets after a snowstorm , without having to pay for any of the above and in an hour's time = Priceless 
Even as I scrape the ice off my car , birds will shit on it ... 
Wow , coworker just found a bed bug at work , so < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !! 
I'm Lovin ' It , these random people who think that they can have it your way . 
Great ~ So the order of cables I made with amazon ... Didn't go through . Guess I won't be able to charge my phone for an even longer while . :/ 
my name is teng banzai and I like it in the butt 
I think I might want a virgin wii ... 
27 creepers and counting ... 
protons have mass ? I didn't even know they were catholic . 
Anyone with a CSE < PROPMALE > looking for a job ? My workplace is hiring . 
Oh my gosh ... < PROPFIRST > Stark wants to be my friend ! <3 
Even if the whole world becomes your enemy I will protect you , so you just stay there smiling and laughing ... To protect you , for that , I shall even become an evil . 
Saw a fox run across university by UV/Flats ... Wonder what to make of it . 
I give my life , not for honor , but for you . 
can't really sleep due to high dose of caffeine ... fru fru coffee offered by coworker at the end of my shift is not the right thin to do . 
Delirious , I close my eyes and instantly I find myself in a war , losing to the strings of insanity chaining around my limbs with the vision of a goddess , blood-stricken yet beautiful , beckons for me to reach out to touch her , but only getting closer with every soul that I take , every tragedy and dwelling of sadness I make . 
What a damn busy night . 
Wow ... Perhaps another herneated disk . 
That new jalapeno and cheddar steakhouse from BK ain't bad at all . 
Nobody would know\ 
if I were to disappear , \ 
since the lights are so beautiful . \ 
And if nobody is looking , \ 
it doesn't matter what I do , right ? \ 
\ 
Dare mo kizukanai deshou\ 
Boku ga ii naku natte mo\ 
Sono iro wa amari ni utsukushii\ 
Dare mo < PROPFEMALE > inai kara\ 
Nani wo shitatte ii deshou ? 
PAIN !!! 
GAH !!! WOW !!! I took chinese for fun ... I didn't think that I'd have to actually use it at work ! Review , review ... 
Inhaling food is bad . I should stop . 
Eggs , lightly salted . For some reason , they were the best meal I've had in a while . 
Such a chill night with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Goullaud and her friend < PROPFEMALE > .... oh man .... 
If not for the world , then simply for you . If I must stretch my arm out , if I must extend it through any means possible ; if it means i can finally reach you , then the journey is worth taking . 
Winter parking ban is up ! Yes ! More room to park . Now to fight with everyone else ... still . 
Sucker Punch : < PROPMALE > DISAPPOINTMENT !!! DON'T GO WATCH EET GAISu ... 
Application , next , next , ne-Google could not find the address : ___________ . Please try again . FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU ~ 
Reading up on refrigerants and hvac stuffzs ! 
SAFETY PRECAUTION : To prevent electrical shock , do not become a conductor between two live wires or a live ( hot ) wire and ground . 
WHO'S LOOKING FORWARD TO AN INFESTATION OF WORMS THIS SPRING !?!?!?!? I AMMM !!!!! 
Think you're doing some damage ? Two plus two is * bzzzzz * 10 ... In base 4 , I'm FINE !!! 
Quite a perverse statement ... \ 
\Is God willing to prevent evil 
If you think I'm ugly that's fine because this BEAST ain't gonna try to get it on with your shitty perception you call BEAUTY . 
I run past you with a thirsty heart . Sorry , I couldn't do anything ; you wouldn't let me share your pain . 
When the clouds are in the sky , know that they'll be passing by , there'll be sunshine . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Congrats ! You've just been BOKUWAISHINEKOTOMINEWAS­HINEKO­KOINMEUTAUBOKUWAITEIIBOK­UWAMA­SUTERDTYFYFUIGUGUTEDEWEGG­FHVH­GGFGHKJUYHUIGTUTRTAWAWSDFH­VGV­HKBUKNOLOKHHYUGYFKTFTGHFVTG­HF­DTSERSEAWSVGBNINOKKGFDSETUOQ­E­RTYUIOPASDFGHJKLXCVBNKHGFDRTY­­OKMNBVCSRGHJLOKIJHGFWERYUIOPLK­­JHGFDSCVBHJKMQWERTYHVNUBGUUHL­O­LIINEKIMIDESUGAAITAITAIIMADA­UT­AII roll'd .? 
Customized my resolution on my netbook ... Now to keep the aspect ratio and have the resolutions under my native ... 
You should have a back up plan for every plan you make ... and a plan to back up that back up plan as well . 
A woman's best make-up is her smile 
So it turns out that my license plate lights aren't out ... They were just caked with dirt . 
claimed their free pizza from Papa < PROPFIRST>'s on www.StudentCoupons.com/Uminnesotagiveaway/ 
Here is a very important rule which , once understood , should improve your survival chances drastically : THE GAME HATES YOU . 
P . O . S live at the u ! 
Mom's last night at the hospital . 
