is desperately seeking a gay man in need of a fag hag . Serious inquiries only ... 

R . I . P < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Today is the first day of my birthday WEEK !!! 
is thanking everyone so much for the birthday wishes !!! 
RIP Gloria ... You fought hard for 5 weeks , now it's time for you to rest in peace with God . Please watch over us and know that we'll be missing you everyday 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! 
is trying to get used to having short hair 
is so proud of < PROPFIRST > for getting his CDL license !!! 
is sick ...... :-( 
some people don't deserve to call themselves Christians ... 
Anyone know any quick and easy ways to make some money ?..... other than drugs , prostitution , or selling a kidney ??? 
Finals and finding a job ..... couldn't have asked for a more stressful combination ... 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > Murphy ... 
RIP Miss Thiel 
So I wake up this morning to find out that < PROPFIRST > Kardashian was killed in a car accident . Thank you < PROPFIRST > . That's quite possibly the meanest April Fools joke anyone's ever played on me ! 
True friends can go long periods of timewithout speaking and never question their friendship . They can pick uplike they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it hasbeen ........ REPOST if you are blessed enough to have at least one 
can't believe < PROPFEMALE > White is the sole survivor of the < PROPFEMALE > Girls legacy ! 
trying to make plans for the rest of my life isn't easy ... :-( 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . It makes the process of aging a bit more bearable ... 
I was at the pool and saw a group of kids playing < PROPMALE > Polo ... with their eyes open ! What's happening to todays youth ??? 
Another nice day at the pool ! Tomorrow going to help my mom pick out a couch . You know you wish your life was as exciting as mine ... 
had a short burst of motivation to clean my room . Finally cleared off the Ab Lounge which has been serving as my clean laundry chair for the past three years !!! 
Does anyone have a product key for Microsoft Office ? It would be very much appreciated ! 
I swear ALL the shows on TLC are about wedding gowns , midgets , multiples , and cupcakes ! Does anyone else find this to be a disturbing combination ??? 
planning my attack on the stink bug on my ceiling !!! 
First day of my last semester and still don't have my grad school list narrowed down ... guess procrastination doesn't get any better with age and maturity . 
Dear Duquesne University , why do I have to go through such bullshit just to hopefully make a mediocre salary ??? 
We will never forget ... 9/11/01 
Just finished watching The Box with < PROPFIRST > Diaz . It was ..... interesting . I'm not sure if I mean that in a good way or a bad way . Anyone else agree ??? 
You and I could write a bad romance ... 
writing a 2 < PROPFEMALE > paper about how car farts contribute to greenhouse gas emissions isn't as easy as I thought it would be ... :-( 
\Beth I know you're lonely and I hope you'll be alright ... cuz me and the boys will be playing all night ... \"- Kiss " 
Cancel Cancel Cancel Cancel .... Message sent .... Kill me now 
In the end , we only regret the chances we didn't take , the relationships we were afraid to have , and the decisions we waited too long to make ... 
dinner then Diesel for < PROPFEMALE>'s bachelorette party !!! 
Sick of wasting my time ! The only people I want in my life are the people who want me in theirs ... 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . \ - < PROPMALE > Marley " 
I don't suffer from insanity , I enjoy every minute of it ! 
My life is slowly beginning to change and I hope I'm ready for what's ahead ... 
Now the word out on the street\ 
Is the devil's in your kiss\ 
If our love goes up in flames\ 
It's a fire I can't resist 
“Spiteful words can hurt your feelings but silence breaks your heart . ” 
You\ 
can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see , but you \ 
cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel . 
\I sit here and wonder if you'll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you . \"" 
When I was your age I lost a tooth , not my virginity ! 
“I want to be remembered as the girl who always smiles even when her heart is broken , and the one that could always brighten up your day even if she couldn't brighten her own . ” 
And now we're grown up orphans that never knew their names . We don't belong to no one , that's a shame . But you could hide beside me maybe for a while , and I won't tell no one your name ... 
Where did I go wrong , I lost a friend somewhere along in the bitterness and I would have stayed up with you all night had I known how to save a life 
No one ever gives me a < PROPMALE > :-( 
Never captured , never tamed . Wild horses on the plains . You can call me lost-I call it freedom ! 
I bet she's beautiful , that girl he talks about . And she's got everything that I have to live without ... 
I wanted to let you know me , but I'm trapped inside the fear and I never said a word though you always seemed to hear 
... sad ... :-( 
“To\ 
love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To \ 
try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest \ 
hazard in life is to risk nothing . ” 
Yesss ! I got this , I studied all night ! * Reads #1 * Wtf is this ??? ( gotta love midterms ) 
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to break them down 
I usually like it on the table , but it always ends up on the floor ! 
Life's disappointments are harder to take when you don't know any swear words . 
For it was not into my ear you whispered , but into my heart . It was not my lips you kissed , but my soul . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s wedding !!!!!!!! 
is engaged !!! 
There's only now , there's only here . Give in to love , or live in fear . No other path , no other way , no day but today . 
is really f***ing irritated right now ! 
My bed should've come with an eject button . Off to a late start as usual ! 
Heading out to Hundred Acres Manor = John dragging me through a haunted house while I scream for 40 minutes with my eyes shut the whole time . Gotta love Halloween !!! 
Watching the game while writing a paper about Feminist theories . 
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you ... but trusting them not to . 
off to Latrobe to see the Goo Goo Dolls !!! 
Fate controls who walks into your life , but you decide who walks out , who you let stay , and who you refuse to let go of . 
at the Bloomfield Halloween parade with some of my favorite people !!! 
I am strong because I know my weaknesses . I'm alive because I'm a fighter . I am wise because I've been foolish . I laugh because I've known sadness . 
haunted house tonight !!! 
Note to self : Never make time or go out of your way for someone who doesn't make time or go out of their way for you . Lesson learned , moving on . 
Falling in love with someone isn't always going to be easy . It is often filled with anger and tears . It is when you want to be together despite it all . That is when you are truly in love . 
Rivers Casino for Kat's B-Day !!! 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding today ! 
is in mourning over the demise of my beloved LimeWire . 
The GREs will be the death of me ! 
sharpening my scissors in preparation for my < PROPFEMALE > Spears meltdown . 
Doomsday tomorrow will either make me or break me ! Everyone pray I survive the GRE !!!!!! 
Well , looks like I'll be retaking the GRE again in December ... :( 
wake me up when November is over ! 
really hating my life right about now 
Does anyone else find it hilarious that < PROPFEMALE > from Teen Mom is being charged with 2 felony assaults for beating her boyfriend Gary ??? LMAO 
So let's find a bar\ 
so dark we forget who we are . \ 
And all the scars from the nevers and maybes\ 
DIE !!!!!! 
Pull me into your arms , say I'm the one you own\ 
If you don't , you'll be alone , and like a ghost\ 
I'll be gone . 
I'm not the one who broke you , I'm not the one you should fear . \ 
We've got to move on darling . \ 
I thought I lost you somewhere , but you were never really ever there at all . \ 
I want to break free , talk to me , I can feel you falling . \ 
I wanted to be , all you need , but somehow here is gone . 
I honestly don't even care anymore ... 
Some people believe that holding on and hanging in there are signs of strength . However , there are times in life in which it takes much more strength to let go 
Just gonna stand there and let me burn but that's alright\ 
cuz I love the way it hurts . \ 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry , but that's alright\ 
cuz I love the way you lie . I love the way you lie . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Christmas party tonight !!! 
I'm through accepting limits , ' cause someone says they're so . \ 
Some things I cannot change , but till I try I'll never know . \ 
Too long I've been afraid of losing love I guess I've lost . \ 
Well , if that's love it comes at much too high a cost ! 
It's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen , but it's harder to give up when you know it's everything you want . 
Sometimes we tend to be in despair when the person we love leaves us , but the truth is , it's not our loss , but theirs , for they left the only person who wouldn't give up on them . 
Graduation today !!! If it hadn't taken me so long to get through college I might actually be excited about it . 
Spiteful words can hurt your feelings , but silence breaks your heart . 
Uhhhhhh ... haven't even gone to sleep yet ... too much on my mind ... 
So I get an email informing me that they're still looking to hire Santas and that I would be great candidate ! Thanks but no thanks . I'd rather be given a noose for Christmas . 
It's so heartbreaking to know that people who \care about you\ " can lie right to your face . " 
Snuggling with my 2 babies watching A Muppet's Christmas < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Today I am reminded about the people in my life who truly care about me and would never let me down . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! 
Where's global warming when you need it ? 
So happy 2010 is over ! Happy New Year everyone !!! 
Never ignore a person who loves you , cares for you , and misses you . Because one day , you might wake up from your sleep and realize that you lost the < PROPFEMALE > while counting the stars . 
If shes amazing , she wont be easy . If shes easy , she wont be amazing . If shes worth it , you wont give up . If you give up , you're not worthy . 
Can't anything in my life run smoothly ??? 
I hate it when people disappoint me especially when I didn't expect much from them to begin with ! 
The best thing in the whole world is being able to see that someone loves you without them having to say it . 
You will never know the value of love until you cry for it 
Me vs . the GRE ( round two) ! All I ask is that my score reflect that my IQ is higher than < PROPFEMALE > Montag and Snooki combined . I hope that's not asking for too much ... 
The GRE won again and the weather matches my mood perfectly which isn't saying very much :( 
Has anyone noticed the decline of genuine people in this world or is it just me ? 
Love is being able to see an imperfect person perfectly . If you can't do that then you'll never find love ... 
Protect her , fight for her , kiss her , love her , hold her , laugh with her . But don't make her fall , if you don't plan on catching her . 
Here we go Steelers !!!! 
Stairway to 7 ... GO STEELERS !!!!!! 
It breaks your heart when people you know become people you knew . When you can walk right past someone as if they were never a huge part of your life . You used to be able to talk for hours on the phone , and now you can't even look each other in the eye . It completely breaks your heart to know that good things don't last , and there's not a damn thing you can do about it . 
There are things that we don't want to happen but have to accept , things that we don't wanna know but have to learn , and people we cant live without but have to let go ... 
the suspense is killing me ... ;P 
I LOVE YOU . \ 
Don't use this phrase if u don't intend on proving it . \ 
LOVE is an action . 
I'm currently making some changes in my life , so if you don't hear from me , then you're one of them 
It's a shitty day out , think I'm getting sick , and I got my first rejection letter today . What a truly great Valentines Day ... not ! :( 
God blessed the broken road that led me straight to you ... Happy < PROPFIRST>'s baby ! 
Feel like crap but think my interview went well ! 
In the middle of another quarter-life crisis ... 
This world's an ugly place , but you're so beautiful to me . -Blink 182 
When a girl sticks with liking 1 guy through all the crap he gives her , it doesn't mean she doesn't see it . It means she actually loves him ... 
\Don't compromise yourself . You are all you've got . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Joplin " 
