Thanks for the birthday lovin , everyone ! 

As soon as my camera battery charges I will have ten and eleven up . Jeez , I can't believe it has been eleven weeks since my baby's birth ! 
C'thyllia just rolled over from back to tummy ! 
I'm going home for a while ! Be in California next Saturday , I expect . 
Four of Cups- Mixed Emotions . New and exciting options open up . The path ahead looks bright . Finding new solutions , new relationships , and new opportunities . Things you never knew before make themselves known . A new person enters your life . You find a < PROPFEMALE > cup in the surrounding rubble . Things are looking up . A light at the end of the tunnel . 
Anyone want to go to California , perhaps ? 
Ahh , sweet , sweet clarity . Where have you been all my life ? 
Leaving in a few hours . Long , lonely drive . Send me your energy ! 
A woman unto herself . 
In the spirit of tomorrow , I introduce to you today . 
I don't own a hand bag . 
\I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself . \"" 
I will , I won't , I doubt , I don't . I'm not suprised , but I never feel quite prepared . 
Take the fruit from the tree , break the skin with your teeth . Is it bitter or sweet ? All depends on your timing . 
Time for convalescence . Need to be alone with one's own thoughts . Need to cultivate oneself before interacting with others . Focus on inner wisdom . Loneliness . Emotional separation from others or oneself . Time to draw one's world in and simply exist for a while . Separation from partner for one's own mental health . Quite is needed . Wisdom of older male coming into focus . Seeker of truth . Caution . Detachment . < PROPFEMALE > . 
One day at a time ... 
dreamed of crushed and rotten pomegranates . 
Union of hearts and minds . 
Nobody sits like this rock sits . You rock , rock . The rock just sits , and is . You show us how to just sit here , and that's what we need . 
At least I exist . What could mean more than this ? 
It just goes to show it's not what you know , it's what you were thinking at the time . 
My compass spins , the wilderness remains . 
Out of a gunnysack fall red rabbits \ 
Into the crucible to be rendered an emulsion 
Aaaah ... great mooood ... It was awesome to see < PROPFEMALE > , and her gorgeous daughter ! 
Free Weezy ? Go Nard ? I think Jersey Shore just made me stupider ... 
I put the past into the ground , I saw the future as a cloud 
Balls ... tired ... babysitting ... Uh , the fat one's watching the little one ? 
I heard one of Shannen Doherty's eyes is off center cuz it's trying to escape . 
Back from < PROPMALE > ... the desert is beautiful , but man , it is DRAINING . 
Can thought influence the strength of quantum waves ? Do we construct this reality from all of time ? 
Must ... resist ... temptation to whine ... 
Time to rest my head . 
