getting ready to go fishing tomorrow 

Trying to enjoy the final dregs of summer vacation 
Sched : 1 . Marching Band- Giles 2 . Jazz Band- Giles 3 . Marketing- Kernell 4 . Chemistry- Vahle 5 . Human Bio- Doc 6 . Hon < PROPFEMALE > 3- Heimburger 7 . Hon Alg 2- Quest 
back home from fishing got 5 keepers 
Cant beleive I have to go to band camp tomorrow , first summer school now band came , my summer got toaly wasted this year 
arrgh ! hurts to bend over and bend my knees , and im tired ... i feel old ! being old must suck 
last day of band camp ! WOO HOO ! 
chillin on the final hours that i have left to chill on before Dun Da Duhn ! School !!!!! AHHH * explosions and fire in the background * 
is just hanging out at his house , wishin he had something better to do than hover on FB 
is once again hanging out at his house wishin he had something better to do than hover over FB 
Speech and debate For the win ! 
is jammin to music 
Ugh broed outta my mind , well better than being to busy for any fun , or too tired to do anything , or being too fat to do anything at all . 
Wishes he didnt wish he wasnt so bored . 
Realy realy realy tired , i guess staying up till 3 AM the past two nights does that to you 
* sigh * quite a bit of Homework tonight , sweating about Human Bio test Thursday 
Is just blah right now ... maybe a bet of meh , oh and a < PROPFEMALE > bit of eh =) 
Is just chillin at home , thinkin bout gettin something to eat . Sounds sooo exciting right ? 
is hanging out at home , relaxing after a long day of school 
Sittin at home thinkin of what to do with myself right now 
Had a great day today ! Gettin ready for bed . 
Has had \Stamp on the ground\ " by the Italobrothers stuck in his head all day " 
Got home from Speech and Debate comp , so far 1-1 
Hanging out at home , had a great weekend . 
Had a long boring monday , but now I get to kick back and chill till tuesday . 
Hanging out at home , cant wait for this coming week , 2 1/2 days of school ! 
Ive found a new band , Owl City , im currently addicted to their new single Fireflies 
still addicted to the song \Fireflies\ " listining to it makes me realy happy " 
Trying to find an Owl City CD . Any suggestions ? 
Had a great day today , food day in chemistry was loads of fun . 
Just got up , kinda tired and its now raining so cant do anything outside , may go over to < PROPFIRST>'s to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
I cant beleive that today we are most likely going to give our last marching band performance of the season . School semms to go by faster and faster ... 
Had a fantastic day right up untill I realized it was Sunday , then I cried a bit on the inside . 
Took sixth out of twenty-eight and got a medal for poetry in speech . Not half bad for about a hour of preperation for it . 
is kinda mad at himself for eating quite a few Xmas cookies but dosent really care because the are amazing ! 
Should have listened to my horoscope and took the day off , not that today was a bad day just who couldnt use annother day off school ? 
Cant wait for tomorrow . Jazz band on tour ! woooooo ! 
had a good day inside his nice warm house . 
Couldnt wait for this weekend to get here now that its here , I realize I have nothing to do 
Had a great day off , did nothing but still it was fantastic to get a < PROPMALE > to just chill 
Mick's weight loss stat Last week-250lbs This week-249 Lost 1 pound ! ( For those who dont know im finally going through with weight loss plans , support is appreciated ) 
Just had the most amazing day ever ! Some might say is was ludicrosly amazing ! 
Micks Weight loss track : Last Week-249lbs This Week-244 ! Week loss : 5lbs Overall loss : 6lbs 
Hanging out at home , chilling and listinin to Down in Flames by Superbeing 
Had just about the most amazing Saturday in a long time 
wow i just heard that on tuesday feb 9th you can apparently go to dennys from 6am to 2pm and get a free grand slam 
can feel his brain cells dieing from the sheer ammount of boredom he faced today 
Had a slightly less boring day today 
Had an amazing Saturday , isnt wanting Tuesday to be here 
Well , the band concert whent well , but I honestly had more fun hanging out after it than during it . 
Had just about the most fan-freakin-tastic day ever ! 
Didnt even plan to have a day on the town , but had one and had an amazing time all day long 
Huh , so many people on Facebook right now , but not the one I really want to talk to 
Finally got done with my homework , im so happy the weather is turing for the better , was sick and tired of bitter cold and snow 
\When it seems like the world is crashing down all around you remember : Its always darkest before the dawn \"" 
Can honestly say without a doubt today was a good day 
OH NO ! its the return of the gnat ! Annoying itchy bug bites here we come ! 
Actually had a pretty good Monday 
Cant wait for the weekend 
Had an amazing time today mowing grass and moving a rather large post OUT of a ditch it was previously thrown into . ( Sarcasm to the < PROPMALE > ) Was glad for the nice day though 
\When the world seems to turn its back on you and nothing is going right for you you gotta fight back to make it better . So run up and sucker punch it in the back of the head and tell it your tired of this . \ " -Mick Collias " 
\Good people will say ' Im happy when everyone is happy ' . Bad people will say ' Im happy when you hurt ' . The best people will say ' Im happy when you're happy ' . \"- Mick Collias " 
Sooooo ... got nothing to do today untill later this afternoon , gotta love summers with nothing to do . * Sigh * at least I dont have to go to school =) 
Just got back from a busy afternoon . Whent to tutoring , took < PROPMALE > to open field , had lunch with < PROPFEMALE > , picked < PROPMALE > up FROM open field , mowed grass , got about halfway home then turned around to go and get recycling for mom and now finally got home * phew * long day , but a good one none the less 
About to get ready to go to tutoring , * sigh * doing nothing for five hours straight !... but its with the best teacher ever , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Doing battle with a small case of self-diagnosed strep throat . Hopefully im just stupid and this isnt really strep ; I dont want to have to spend this weekend at home sick . 
AHAHAHA ! I have defeated my sore throat ! So for now my weekend looks like its 100% go ! 
Today I read a My Life Is Average about how if you replace the word \wand\ " with \ " willy\ " it will make the < PROPMALE > Potter books more interesting . I tried . I am now re-reading all the < PROPMALE > Potter books this way . " 
Hanging out at home , enjoying the weekend with my bro , cousin , and best < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Summer has just gotten more fun ! 
Finally done with tutoring ! Now I can finally do exactly what I wanted to do this summer ... sleep alot more . 
My voice is still a little raspy for the second day striaght from Six Flags last Saturday . * Sigh * at least I can talk now without having to whisper . 
Voice is slowly getting better , still sitting around doing a whole lot of nothing . 
Just got back from my first time fishing and im pretty much about to collapse from exaustion . =) Had fun though , had someone offer to buy my swim trunks off me for $20 
Ugh , why do days seem to take longer to get to a spefic time when you have something planned for that time ? 
Just got done launching loads of fireworks with my family , < PROPFEMALE > and her dad . This has to be quite possiably the best Fourth of July ever . 
So today started off bad ; what with the heat , band camp outside , and an angry Giles , but it got significantly better because I got to spend the rest of my afternoon/evening with my special someone =) 
Finished my last day of band camp today ... possiably forever , however I think this season is gonna be a good one ; and I definatly know that this whole day was a good one =) 
So im undecided on weather or not im excited for school to start , its my last year of high school and im gonna miss everyone when we graduate , im not ready to go back just yet , and this year is gonna be a busy one , but im gonna try my hardest to enjoy every minuet of it ! 
Got my Missouri State packet o ' info today , might as well see if its worth a visit =) 
Hey everyone ! I was sitting at my computer and was just thinking about taking a fond trip down memory < PROPFIRST > , so if you could post a comment on this status describing how we met . =) Lets see if we can stir up some good memories ... or some bad ones =P 
And yet annother week has came to be , * sigh * school is moving by so fast I love it and hate it now at the same time . 
A HUGE Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday today ! It means alot to me and I really appreciate it . 
This month is finally over , * sigh * it has beel one stressfull month but im sure its gonna get better from here 
Screw it ! 2010 is almost over . inbox me one thing you always wanted to tell me . post this as your status , you would be surprised to find out what you didn't know ! :) 
\Even though everything can happen you shouldnt let anything change who you are \"- Mick Collias " 
Ok all you Techies out there can any of you help me with an issue im having with my Xbox 360 ? I woke up today and wanted to play it but for some reason it seems like all the images are streched out across the screen of my TV , I use an HDMI adapter which connects through my sound system to my TV . I dont have any idea what to do short of reseting my entire Xbox and starting over . Any advice would be appreciated 
So I finally got Xbox Live and so far its been a good expierence playing Black Ops , just not as fun without friends ... * WinkWink * 
Hey everyone ! Well since its a new year I figure its about time to reflect on our past year with fondness ... or a grain of salt =P so if you would like to , you can post 1 thing you like about me and 1 thing you dont like about me on my wall and ill let you know how I feel about you on your wall . Happy 2011 everyone ! 
Odd question time ! If you're bored on Facebook comment an answer and see if you can start a discussion ! \If you can call till the cows come home what do you do if you want homeless cows ? \"" 
... what the heck ? So is school cloed or not ? ive gotten no call but one news station says yes the other says no . 
