met a new person today . pretty random , and awesome . saw < PROPFIRST > . he's awesome too , and still ticklish ! new guy's name is < PROPFIRST > . he let me drink some of his monster . lol and i didn't get to hyper !!! 

oh , and i actually will get to show < PROPMALE > this year . YAY !!!! 
My internet hates me ... 
Talkin to < PROPFIRST > , cuz my other lame friends are shunning me lol 
I'm wondering if it's even worth it anymore , the whole dating thing . Just keep getting used by assholes . Keep setting myself up to get hurt it seems ... 
Bonfire today ! the official guest list : < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , West , Nate , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . ( < PROPFEMALE > me i i know mostly guys . lol plus only one girl rsvp'd ... ) 
Today is gonna be an awesome day ! 
Today was a rough day , apparently not allowed to have a conversation . 
can't wait till the day . 
Great . My ex met my sister , and now he keeps asking me about her . just great , really . really really really great . I hate her , and he's asking me questions about her . How stupid can an ex get ? 
< PROPFEMALE > falto con todo mi corazón . 
just had to revisit a bad memory . Long story . 
I miss a certain someone .... 
I MISS EVERYONE ! Coming to Toledo on the 10th . 
Absolutely devasted . just found out that because of our phone < PROPMALE > , we can't afford to go to toledo on the 10th .... 
I miss having fun !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > , you're not boring . You're fun you silly wierdo who parties nude . 
lol my friends are awesome ppl . I love you guys . I know i'll pull through . 
hi everybody ! 
Missing West . 
booooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeedddddddddddddddddddd .................... 
hyper , bored , sad , happy , loved , confused , distracted , and pissed off . Tell me why . 
I'm going to have fun . 
ppppppphhhhhhhhhhtttttttttttt ! shitty . 
better ..... 
instead of the 21st , it's gonna be on the 4th . Yay . 19 more days . 
Sittin here chillin , waiting for the brownies to cool . maybe i'll b able to start baking myself again soon ... 
life sucks , but we all gotta pick ourselves up , brush it off , and walk away as if nothing ever happened . < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > are great friends .... I'd do anything for them ( EXCEPT what you're thinking < PROPFEMALE > lol ) 
Let the one you love know how you feel before it's too late and they're gone . That's probably the best advice ever . Why don't I listen to my own advice ? it's not fair ... 
The first two ( or three ) days in sept . < PROPMALE > , you know what im saying i hope ) 
bored , and hyper and tired , maybe i should go to bed ... 
Shocked , surprised , and in awe of all the moronic people I've met this year . 
I miss about 50 different memories right now .... 
missing the old , trying to embrace the new 
989-386-3371 if you wanna call . just not past 9 pm . I can call out , but i can't recieve calls past 9 pm 
I miss home ... 
Looking forward to school . Yes , I actually am . lol who'da thunk it ? Not only do I have my family kicking my ass about school , but i have my friends , and Riky and now his mom lol . I love you guys ! 
So I feel like i wanna kick something . don't worry , i'm not mad , but my leg muscle's are twitching like crazy lol 
boys are so ..... weird . they're over chivalrous this year ... I think i need to kick them or something .... 
Listening to Far Away and thinking of him 
I'm at the grandparents . It's my little bro's b-day . finally he's 14 
hmm .... i gotta remember to watch my french . my grandparents check this out .... LOVE YOU GUYS !!! -shines halo- 
COMING TO TOLEDO FOR WINTER BREAK FOR SURE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! EXTREMELY PSYCHED 
race tonight !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stoked for WINTER BREAK 
IS DEFINATELY COMING TO TOLEDO !!! ALREADY GOT THE TICKETS !!! ( i'm taking the bus will arrive monday . 7:10 pm ) 
t.o.l.e.d.o. 
toledo , chillin on new < PROPFEMALE>'s . only have two more days ........ 
Last year had its quirks , I'll admit . I just hope this comin year is a wee bit better 
mornin everybody . Hope you get to wake up nice . This morning sucks . Goin home tomorrow after school . Headache now . 
at my grandparents . got a bunch of house stuff for christmas :P 
sittin next to the love of my life while he's pickin fights lol 
Today I realized that time is an obstacle we must all overcome , but until then , we must bide our time and wait 
Should I feel bad that , as a girl myself , I find the behaviors of other girls so freaking confusing ? Why do they gotta spend two hours in the freaking bathroom ? 
wondering why on earth that when i don't want the day to go fast , it does anyway , but when i do want the day to go fast , it just drags on ... 
GRR ! That's all that's needed to say . 
I found a proxy :P proud of myself 
I wish i knew what everything meant 
Meeting new people in a random way is fun ... 
PPPPPPHHHHHTTTTTTTT ! 
Tiff is coming to Toledo for spring break ! yay ! 
listening to some awesome music 
MEH ! I wanna do something shocking . 
I love finding old friends on facebook lol 
Satan comes from the hebrew word opposers ? sorry ... saw that on tv . 
gettin off . be back in an hour or so . 
MY GRANDMA JUST CALLED ME < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! ugh thnkx gma 
SO ! If anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out March 31-April 4 , let me know !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! cuz i'm coming to toledo ! 
April 1- April 4 . see y'all then . 
MEN ! UP HERE , MOSTLY . I know the whole typical men n directions thing , but damn . I tried saving my friend 23 < PROPMALE > of gas and he blew u on me . Your welcome ! ( as we passed each road i told him to turn , i pointed it out ) 
My dog got hit by a car yesterday ... so i'm on a short fuse . really crappy past few weeks . ( excluding last weekend . loved it ) 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! Purple Llamas ! I see Purple Elephants !!!!! 
So i'm actually doin softball against my will cuz some dumb idiot blabbed to the team sports teacher that i kick butt at throwing ... 
I . Am . A . Genius . lol sometimes a mis-type can be the best thing on earth :D i'm at school , and i discovered a proxy lol 
SO I'M COMING TO TOLEDO . ALL OF YOU KNOW THIS I AM SURE , BUT I'M COMING THIS WEEKEND , INSTEAD OF NEXT . 
I guess i'm going back today . to all the ppl i didn't get to see : i'll see you soon !! 
brb in a bit . goin for a walk lol 
I LOVE HOW WE FORGET THE LITTLE THINGS . -sarcasm- 
Unwilling to deal with the MID teacher today . I think i'll just show up and do bookwork all day . 
-puts hand to left cheek- OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
took three shots of novacaine , and it still wasn't numb . i knew we were on a bit of a time crunch , so i went to my happy place . it hurts ...... and the funny thing is , i cant feel the left side of my face . 
Note to self : Geo and < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , gotta hold them back . Last night was great !! 
Have I really changed so much ???????? D: :'( 
ROAD TRIP ! 
So If Thinking About The Past Is Depressing Because Of What You May Have Lost , Thinking Of The Present Is Annoying , And Thinking Of The Future Freaks You Out And/Or Gives You A Headache , What Are You Supposed To Think ? 
Fighting is painful . Just sayin . 
Today was my last day in school ... Today was a good day . then i came to town , and bad luck . the freakin machine atefour freakin dollars . * takes a machine gun to it * on the bright side i get to write to my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! 
Talkin to < PROPFEMALE > . Cuz I'm awesome . MUHAHAHAHAHAHAH !! comin to ohio this summa ! 
I IS COMING TO TOLEDO REAL SOON NOW !! 
is on a celly . had a weird week .... 
Toledo : July 8 . Bus will arrive around 7:30 - 7:45 pm . 
Don't Worry , Be Happy ! I no longer wirry , and i'm content . 
Sittin and chillin . Are YOU gellin ? 
It's Official . Marines are Goofs . but in a very good way . they keep me amused . lmao i was just watchin funny < PROPFEMALE > videos ..... lol jkjkjk you're not a goof . you're a goofy dork ! lol jk ! LOVE YOU ! 
Well .... NOW i've seen everything lol 
m'kay .... air force are definitely as .... odd ... as marines . YouTube . This Is Why I'm Hot ( Deployed Style ) 
aw screw it . our military is both awesome , and hilarious . Here's to all the troops out there ! 
well , i thought i saw everything .... but i hadn't until i saw marines singing < PROPFEMALE > girl ............... yeah . 
You know .... all these videos i've seen so far all have one thing in common , despite the different branches of the military . That thing in common is men . Men are goofs lol 
GRR ! Hurry up . 7 more days !!! 
I'm proud of the troops fighting for us . They're supporting our country . Is supporting them too much to ask of us ? No . Marines are NOT cowards . Really , it'd be safer for you if you kept your opinion to yourself . DON'T dis the people out there fighting for us , even if it could mean losing their life in the process . 
Pretty much , I'm at my grandparents . my aunt and her boyfriend are here . found out , he likes ICP !!! awesome ^ , ^ 
I'm in TOLEDO !!!! 
Eatin pizza in toledo 
Made a mistake . Feel bad for it . SORRY SIS !! luffs you !!! 
I'm doing okay . just so y'all know . 
Chillin with the bestiies in toledo . Love you guys . 
Missing him with every fiber of my being . The sad thing is that he doesn't even realize how much I loved him . 
Waiting for fun LOL drama drama 
ouch . 
headache . backache . other than that it's been a great day so far lol 
<3 <3 <3 Feeling better . Brightened my day <3 <3 <3 
Back hurts . but i ish happy lol <3 you all 
dude . im at the computer right , and this guy whos stayin here comes up from behind , wraps his arms around me , puts his head on mine , says \brains .. mmmmm\ " and walks away . WTF ?!?! lol " 
How did it go from me planning a party , to me putting two friends in charge while im gone , to now i'm not allowed to know any details concerning the planning of MY party ?? BRATS !!! lol 
LOVE YOU MOM AND DAD AND FAMILY 
forget ppl . 
Got to actually TALK to < PROPMALE > today =P hangin out with < PROPFIRST > (<PROPMALE>'s mom ) is great . i'm having fun . Things are going good here . going back to MI on monday . been gone for a long time . My family misses me . miss them too . 
NEW HAIR !! pics on site =P 
cant sleep . 
Why judge ? what's the point ? We all have our opinions . In my opinion , i like french fries 
If you are reading this , whether we do or dont speak often , please post acomment of the first memory you have of me and you that pops in yourhead . when you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; youwill be surprised what people remember about you !! Ready , GO ! 
The things you do for love . Sometimes , if you love someone , the only thing you can do is break their heart . 
Je vous aime de tout mon cœur . Pour toujours et toujours , toujours et pour toujours 
Qui savait que < PROPMALE > choses se retrouveraient comme cela ? 
Missing him . again . What else is new ?? 
< PROPFIRST > . I need number . if you don't wanna post it here , send me a message 
No matter what you do , you manage to make SOMEONE angry . I try to protect myself and BOOM ! I make someone I care about alot very angry . Sor-ry . I mean , I'm sorry for not being they type of girl who would help a guy cheat on his girl . Sorry for being me , Sorry for having values , and sorry for caring so much for you that I have to protect myself from getting hurt . If you want , I'll never speak again . 
Leprechaun : Back 2 Tha Hood is funny ...... 
Once upon a time , a girl said to a boy , \I like you . I've liked you for a while now\ " . The End " 
989-817-1865 . TEXT MEEEEE !!!!! 
I remember a time when life was going great then BOOM !!! Life was created . 
Someone do me a favor and jump for joy 
GRR @ some pple . Cant wait to meet < PROPFIRST>'s \GF\ " . Gonna be hard for him to avoid me in a small school like Pioneer . One thing i gotta say to < PROPFIRST > :: WHIPPED !!!! " 
Sometimes , all you can do is survive , no matter how hurt you are . 
Chillin in toledo . Sorry friends but this time its not to visit you guys . loves you though 
-.- whatever 
Grr .... 
Got to see the older sibs today . And jds lil sis < PROPFIRST > . She looks so grown up ... Im gonna have to threaten the guys sooner than i think . Cant wait to see them again and < PROPFEMALE > out with them . 
Need 2 party 
I love how when you decide to be random and get ahold of friends you havent heard from in a few yrs and then BOOM ! 7 yrs and he gets ahold of me . missed ya man 
I got a horse ! ooh yeah ! he's frickin huge ! omg i got a horse . hello sunrise didja miss me ? lol 
Woke up real early today . actually saw the sunrise . here's to many more days of that . 
I can update my statu by texting now . Dont even have to be on the web . Gotta love technology <../* üFlyiinü *Ö..> 
I miss you 
Pioneers turning into a traditional school -.- i'll pull through one way or another 
Almost died of smoke inhalation . irony bites . wish i had a cigarette lol 
So freakin tired . stuffy nose . gots a cold but about to take a break 
Lyin in bed sick . this really effing sucks . you wanna know how to find out who's a friend ? the one always askin for money , cut them completely off and/or confront them and watch their reaction 
I still say hospitals suck . end of story . 
So i wake up and its 10:23 . nobody woke me up ... and its too late to go to class today . oops . oh well . more time with the baby 
85 more days till the < PROPFEMALE > comes home !!!!! <3 ya ! 
To everyone who does not know already : If I have something to say about you , believe me : I WILL say it to your face . I'm not some coward to say something behind ones back and i will most definitely NOT talk shit about my friends . 
Wakin up . facing a brand new day . no matter what knocks me off my feet i gotta jump back up and keep on fighting . i am strong . i can and will survive . my friends have my back . 
Toledo for new years hopefully . cant stay long though . got horses to take care of 
Cant sleep . I guess it happens whe i fall asleep around 7 and wake up at 9:45 . guess i got more than enough sleep . 
Hootie and the blowfish are comin out with another album n goin on tour . just heard about it . coolies 
Had fun today . miss them . hopefully will have fun tomorrow too 
Been up since 6:45 . cant sleep . mum isnt up yet and my friends arent5 within walking distance ... oh hey ! my mom is up =) time to be active now 
how can ppl expect me to play the peaceful person anymore ? I refuse to just sit around and wait to be hurt . I'm tired of stupid people who think they can take advantage of me trying to be a nice person . Let me be the first to warn you : I am not all bark and no bite . Stick your hand in my face and it will be bitten . ( figure of speech abouth the biting ) 
Feeling drained and I still have to clean my entire room lol fun fun . cant wait till halloween weekend 
Im ready to go home now ... free day ... bored ... save me !!! 
cant wait till halloweenh party this coming weekend 
cant wait till halloween party this coming weekend 
Cant wait till the halloween party this weekend 
i miss him . wish he would be here so i could hug him 
Still in bed . waiting on a text . 
Power's out at my place ... electricity is needed for running water around where i'm at now lol ... also just realized today we dont get a water < PROPMALE > AND electric < PROPMALE > ... we just get electric . lol hope they dont try to charge us for havin no electricity . 
I actually miss how I could Trust them . Now I still do , in spite of everything . Am I a true friend ? I don't know . That is up to you . 
Its hard to go on knowing she didn't even have a < PROPMALE > . There's no justice done in a murder-suicide . I pity his family for losing him . I don't hate his family , nor do I hate him . He took something from a young girl that cannot be brought back . He snuffed out a life before it could begin . RIP < PROPFIRST > . I love you girl . 
I'm Bored . Wish I could see everyone again 
Waiting sucks . That's all i gotta say lol 
If\ 
you think I'm cute , like my status . If you love me put a ?. If I am \ 
your friend put a :) If you missme put a :| If you ever had a crush on \ 
me put a :D and when . If you like me put a : 0 if your not scared , put \ 
this as your status & see what you get . Yeeebrro , do it ? 
Listening to something i've never heard before . Pretty awesome though =P Defeater- The Red , White , and Blues 
I'm wakin up , opening my eyes , and realizing my mistakes in life . But do I regret them ??? Nope . Cuz its what's made me who I am today 
A best friend takes you to buy a pregnancy test . a good friend is standing outside your bathroom tellin ya \IM STEALING IT !!! \"" 
Some people , I'd like to give the advice that if you don't know what to say , its sometimes best to keep your mouths shut . You can hurt people with your comments , especially if you dont know what the heck y'all are talkin bout 
So y'all in Toledo heard aboutthe 15 yr old girl who was killed in a murder suicide ?? Figured y'all would cuz it happened so close to Toledo ... 
If things could be different , would you take the risk and try to change things , not knowing whether you're changing it for the better or changing it for the worst ? Or should you just always go with the flow , and let the current wash you through life ?? 
i hope everything will work out . =) 
Who ever knew that i could be so happy ? Life has tried to knock me down , but I've always found a way to get back on my feet . again . I Love You . I want you to always be as happy as I am now . 
tired already . on my way :P 
I got outta school early today : P there was nothin to do . 
I AM SO BORED !!!! Just so y'all know . Wish I was with him 
Im sittin here wondering what would happen if i did something 
I really just want things to go back to how they used to be . It's funny how a simple misunderstanding can escalate into the apocalypse . 
I love talking to ppl who are high . You can ask them a question like what time they'd be home and get an answer like Sunday and try asking again but adding the fact that you dont want their mom to think you trashed the place and receive an \its ok im in private rite now ily\ " lol " 
Talking to people can be a great stress reliever . Just be careful to avoid those that generally make you want to punch bunnies . 
Well , I'm more stuffed than the turkey was lol 
New Years , we gotta party . who's up for it ? 
GAVE IT SOME TIME . NOW IM GONNA GO EAT MORE LOL 
So I fell for 2 pranks in less than five minutes , by the same person , for the first time in YEARS . Thanks man , love ya too . Really do . 
It's too bad . so sad . Dunno how things are gonna work out , but we'll see . 
Sometimes I want to copy someone's status , word for word , and see if they notice 
stress is a ver bad thing . I guess we all have to live with it since apparently we cant live without it 
proved all those people wrong 
No school tomorrow apparently . chillin in lake . more like snowed in 
Not ready for school . yuck . last week before winter break . snowday yesterday . 
Dad's goin in for surgery . hope it goes well . couldnt get to school today . parents are my transportation . dont be angry with me buddies lol 
Dad came outta surgery ok . =) goin skating tonight ^ , ^ 
Headin to lake . its really cold out lol 
So much time , so little to do . 
Theres some chick staring at me on the bus -.- i wouldnt mind if she werent giving me the sign of death every few minutes . the claws and fangs are about to come out if she dont stop >:( 
Sicky 
dear lover , I thought about it and I've decided that I just dont like you . I LOVE You . 
Baby it's cold outside 
Chillin . bout to eat fish . as soon as the men say we can eat , its go time . 
Fish was good . haven't had fish in forever lol so now I'm sittin here bored for now . left my reading book at home . shoulda thought ahead . 
ive always been true . i've waited so long to come home to you 
Lunar eclipse tonight . 1:30 am . for those not in the eastern time zone that would be 1:30 my time 
Feelin pretty good . funny watchin him 
Sometimes , all one can do is sit and wonder where everything went wrong . 
Good morning ? No . I'm tired as hell , and there's music blaring . Creed , you're an okay band but you're not what I wanna hear first thing in the morning . Give me somethin to go on ! 
< PROPFEMALE > xmas everyone ! 
Did I find him , or did he find me ?? 
For him , I would lay my own life down . He has only to ask , and I will be his forever . Does he even realize that what I feel for him , is unlike anything I've felt before 
So tired 
Playin phase 10 for the 9th time this week . i hate this game lol especially when im so far ahead n evry1 catches up 
Miss ya toledo ! wish i could party with y'all tonight . happy new year though 
its time to grow up and im lookin forward to it =) 
waitin for the long talk lol 
everything is gonna be alright =) 
lovin it =) @ (-,-) @ 
headin to school . Back hurts but ill live . Tried wakin < PROPFIRST > up like he told me to so hed could roll me cigs but that was a fail lol 
gotta talk to < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . I hope everythings ok ... 
chillin at school . 
choices are sometimes so unfair . I hope he realizes how much i love him . I'd do anything for him . I dont think he realizes this . 
waaay too cold for me lol 
accidently hit him too hard . Hopin he'll forgive eventually . Lol maybe he'll cool off on the ice . Love you baby ! 
\boo ! Imma ghost ! \ " \ " thats just a sheet ... \ " \ " wow bitch thanks for ruining it ! \"" 
so yeah 
The results came in . *,* Here's to the future . 
I think everyone is bound to find out anyway so I might as well come out with it . I am five weeks along . Due date is 9-11-2011 . 
school is so dull ... im really tired again 
I hate it when he's stressed . I really hope things will go better for him and I hope he can make it into town tomorrow so I can see him . Then we can cuddle on the couch and watch a movie . 
Its so cold in my room i can see my breath ... 
Gonna see th boyfriend today . So excited ^ , ^ 
RED BULL 
I want chinese food .... even just an egg roll ... i would love just an egg roll . I used to hate egg rolls ... but then i had a good egg roll that tasted good ... and i still really wish for some chinese .... lo mein . Sweet n sour chicken . General Tsao's .... even those sugar covered ball things .... yumm ... 
The boyfriend's been here since wednesday . I'm so happy he's around . I really need him now ^ , ^ i love you ! 
6 weeks ! 34 more to go 
Toledo girls ! Im havin a baby shower down there . Hit me up if you wanna come and when i find out when and where it is exactly , i'll send ya a msg lettin ya know . I love my boyfriend ^ , ^ he's a cutie . I might persuade him to come so y'all could meet him or the guys could take him out maybe 
School . Tired . Tired all the time now . Bleh . Lookin forward to lunchtime . Breakfast made me feel sick 
FINALLY had me some chinese food today lol . craving satisfied . guess what ! I'm so in love ^ , ^ 
Found out who's my real friends . Love you guys . For all those who I found were fakes , Thank you for helping me see the truth . I don't need y'all to survive . 
Triple whopper .......... Had chinese .... need a triple whopper n large fries . No cheese or mayo though .... TRIPPLE WHOPPER ! 
made an AWESOME pancake this morning . so good i didnt wanna make another one , cuz im sure it'd turn out crappy lol 
chillin . resting my feet . things are goin good so far guys 
There's nobody I would trust with my kid more than them . 
My bf n < PROPMALE > are watching zombie strippers . ....... i honestly have nothing to say to that except \ASSHOLES\ " lol " 
I NEED TO FIGURE OUT SOMETHING !!! how to make as good a triple whopper as at BK . 
.... school tomorrow . Yay . Just what i need . 
Almost got gipped . I really didnt wanna have take econ AGAIN . So now im in world history =) yay 
Woot ! Today was a good day lol i think im gonna do psychology for an independent study when i'm not workin on whatever . Todays was super easy . Cant wait to get home though . I got a lot of cleaning to do . 
So sometimes I wonder what it is I've forgotten .. and realize I've forgotten this thing I've forgotten before ... but I still can't remember what this forgotten thing IS ....... 
Boom ! 
Haha i made my bf lose the game while he was enjoying a peaceful shower . He wasn't too happy about that one ^ , ^ 
I love my boyfriend so much ! But shh ! It's a secret lol . Got to spend his birthday with him yesterday . I had so much fun with him and his family , and I look forward to spending more with everyone 
Sometimes , the choices have to be different . I hate how sometimes its so hard , but life's not gonna get any easier . Its full of choices , and obstacles , but it all works out in the end . 
Dr appt went well . Had blood drawn ....... hated it . Having my first ultrasound on friday . 8 weeks today . 
Snow day . Not complaining . However , i was hoping to have some words with some of the people at school . Two-faced backstabbing traitors that they are . Seriously though What is the point of being nice to someone's face , if you're just gonna go around sayin shit like our kid is gonna kill himself at age 3 I'm done with pretending I don't notice all the bullshit . Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned . Better watch out 
Yeah my boyfriend's hot , but with his other qualities , that's just a bonus . He makes me happy . He takes care of me . He can make me laugh when I'm feeling down . He's an awesome musician . He's actually got plans for his life . He's always willing to help others . To anyone who says he's a bad person , you obviously don't know him . All you people who talk shit about me and him : jealous Deal with it 
Today's going to be a promising day . Got a headache n i'm feeling like crap 
So awkward just doesn't cut it lol 
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! I'm almost ready to kill this balloon . 
There's no words for this right now 
Temperary problems are temperarily solved . 
Why do people add other people just to rag on them That gets so annoying . I see it happen to my friends all the time . People really need to get a life if they have nothing better to do than talk shit . 
