wishes she was still in TN so she didn't have to watch the game by herself . :-( 

is a little homesick and missing her peoples . 
is wearing roll on optimism . For reals . 
took her nephew ( 1yr ) on his first boat outing . He did great . Definitely one of us ... 
doesn't like you . 
wishes she was where she belongs . 
had a good lake day . 
You know you live in the country when , \I got stuck behind a tractor\ " is an acceptable reason for being late to work . " 
will be in Knoxville this Saturday and Sunday . 
' s life is running her . 
holding on for dear life ... chasing rabbits - I mean 10-yr-olds ! AHRHFHGH !!! 
had the craziest day . So many good stories . Also -- Tullahoma has not one swing lead . What has my life come to ?!?!? 
Sweeter than < PROPFEMALE > . Hotter than heat . More precious than diamonds , oh , she can't be beat ! 
wants a lot of things very badly , none of which she can control . 
Holy Cannolis ! I'm in bed at 11 ! 
I just wanted a hot shower ... but there was a red wasp in my bathroom . 
has a new favorite beer : Black Mocha Stout . Yay ! 
If there was a better way to go then it would find me . I can't help it , the road just rolls out behind me . Be kind to me or treat me mean . I'll make the most of it , I'm an extraordinary machine 
I wonder how people don't die of boredom in this town . Soooo bored ! 
The road was an obstacle course of little frogs tonight . Unfortunately for the little frogs , I failed . 
has poison < PROPFEMALE > on her ear , lips and nose . Awesome . 
loves modern medicine . Poison < PROPFEMALE > crisis , mostly , averted . 
is too old to skate . ouchies . 
was born in the wrong < PROPFEMALE > . 
hates checking her Penn State email . Every time she does it reminds her that she actually does have to go back to work . Soooo scared ! 
is both saddened and worried . 
When I think about all I have to do this week , it all seems a little too much . 
is hardcore about a lot of things . Sunburns , not one of them . 
has three days left in TN . 
has 2 days left in TN . 
Dear TN , I will miss you . Love , < PROPFIRST > 
is in < PROPFEMALE > and completely overwhelmed . 
My parent's are totally awesome . All the boxes are unpacked . 
is alone in < PROPFEMALE > . 
is making forward progress . 
is feeling better since she met her labmate and can navigate - mostly . 
< PROPMALE > White is my hero ! 
' s new computer is a < PROPMALE > - a huge < PROPMALE > . 
is actually kind of in love with the < PROPMALE > . 
is happily mired in papers on macrophyte density and dissolved oxygen . 
is watching a creepy freaking movie and now she can't sleep . 
is loving that her apartment is on a running trail . 
is watching Serendipity and wondering if something serendipitous will happen to her anytime soon . 
is trying a new beef stew recipe , complete with caramelized onions and beer . 
can't believe the weekend is almost over and my clothes aren't even all unpacked , much less papers read . 
is so over it today . Pizza and beer would be good tonight . 
just wants a good swingout every now and then , too much to ask ? 
misses her southern friends . 
is trying to turn 350 words into 1200 . 
is having one of those days . 
imagines that this must be how a fish feels when she is swimming upstream . 
In < PROPFEMALE > , no one should go broke because they get sick . We need health care reform desperately . 
In my red high heels ... :-) 
still bleeds orange . Make no mistake . 
It's football time in Tennessee , bitches ! 
just made the first pot of chili of the season . 
thinks they put crack in coffee . 
has danced in State College . Now , if I can just find a horse , I'll be all set on hobbies . 
In wine there is wisdom . In beer there is freedom . In water there is bacteria . ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
What am I to you ? Tell me darling true . 
dances in her dreams . 
Can't take the suspense !!!! 
is unhappy . 
My love of spiders does not extend to brown recluses . Get the hell out of my apartment , or die . It's very simple really ... 
Jamie : 1 Stupid Brown Recluse : 0 
has a long day of waiting ahead . 
thinks today sucks . Sucks ! 
is grateful . 
wishes her life was like a storybook with awesome pictures and a moral to the story . 
is watching the chipmunks outside her patio door forage in the leaf litter . Cute overdose ! 
is sick . Ugggh . 
IS SO HAPPY ! 
is missing KLX and UT is playing Florida in the swamp . What a weekend ... 
It's funny how your internet doesn't work when your cat chews the ethernet cable in two . Hmm ... 
found an awesome trail behind her apartment . Yay ! 
God is great . Beer is good , and people are crazy . 
is sad that she missed KLX . So much fun dancing ! 
dreamed of a wedding last night - specifically my wedding . I'm losing my mind ! 
has reached the age where she avoids the baby clothes section like the plague because the ticking gives her a headache . 
really enjoys her ecology cohort . Good times . 
loves pouring rain and 20mph winds while she's walking to work . Honest . 
is considering getting her cat a friend . Thoughts ? 
Glee ! You should watch . 
just saw Cirque du Soleil ! Holy Cow ! I am so impressed ! 
has been out of coffee for a week . After a nice cup of hazlenut , the trauma is fading . 
FOOOOOTBALLLLLL !!! 
smells like a combination of rotting shrimp and fish tanks . Shower ... shower now . 
is going to be an aunt , again ! 
has discovered the joy of garden vegetable cream cheese . Now , she might need an intervention . 
Is hibernation a career option ? 
just hiked up Mt . Nittany and is now permanently affixed to the couch . 
thinks that getting really cold isn't so bad because getting warm again is so good . ( I'm talking about soup ! Get your mind out of the gutter ... ) 
Who wants to do my presentation ? There's at least a home-cooked meal in it for you ! 
It is snowing on October 15th . Shoot me now !!! 
is cutting her hair tomorrow . Suggestions anyone ? 
It's snowing ... still . 
cut her hair off . 
has a boo boo . Kiss it and make it better ! 
lasagna , pinto beans and corn bread , or chicken noodle soup ? 
Blue screen of death ... Ahhhhhh !!!!! 
has no hot water and the blue screen of death in one day -- but she does have banana bread and pinto beans and cornbread . It's a wash really . 
Is there a hide button for people who make random ( and often asinine ) comments to political figures ? Hey facebook ... I got an idea ! 
Whiskey could solve half the world's problems , and a good beer could solve the other half . 
has halloween toes ! 
I went to the haunted grainery and a zombie tickled me ... wtf ? 
just bought a ridiculously expensive bag that will arrive in 6 to 10 business days . 
is officially in TN for thanksgiving . * happy dance*happy dance * 
Breaking news : I'm now skinny enough to fit in * all * of my costumes . This includes little red riding hood , police officer , school girl , poison < PROPFEMALE > , pirate and fire < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > Michaels is my hero ! 
It's game day ! Oh yeah , and Happy Halloween ! 
is very excited that her calendar now shows her going home in less than 3 weeks ! 
web of science'd herself and she's there !!! woooo ! 
' s watching Glee songs on youtube because she's having withdrawl ... stupid baseball . \Can anybody find me somebody to love ? \"" 
has the weirdest dreams ... 
feels like she's trying to squeeze blood from a turnip . 
The Yankees won ! Do you know what this means ? Baseball is over !! WOO ! 
Dream job : Yellowstone horseback naturalist . * sigh * 
is cooking and cleaning and trying to channel < PROPFEMALE > -- maybe without the pearls . 
Now come and meet me on the < PROPFEMALE > road . 
I just want to start again , and maybe you could show me how to try , and maybe you could take me in , somewhere underneath your skin ? 
is wondering when she'll start to feel like she knows what she's doing ? 
If I had the < PROPMALE > , I'd ask the world to dance . 
Alright , who nominated me for EGSO ? 
is watching the UT game and the PSU game at the same time . That's dedication . 
has OD'd on football . 
Adios y vaya con dios ! I'm leavin < PROPFEMALE > ... in 3 days . To celebrate : pizza , beer , loud music and dancing . 
just hiked 5km up Spring Creek in waders . Yes , she is more badass than you ( but not Cairsty or < PROPFIRST > ) . 
is 24 hours away from TN . 
feels like a bottle of shaken up emotions . 
just read a quote from Legally Blonde in a TREE paper . wtf ? 
is going to a Balboa workshop this weekend -- that's right , I said Balboa . 
got pelvised by < PROPFIRST > White ! I am so not washing these pants . 
Don't know much about your life . Don't know much about your world , but don't want to be alone tonight , on this planet they call earth ... I just want to start again , and maybe you could show me how to try , and maybe you could take me in , somewhere underneath your skin ? 
It's < PROPFIRST > as the abominable snowman ! Or -- I'm standing outside implanting trout tags all day ! 
Another tender Tennessee Christmas , the only Christmas for me . ( 9 days ) 
is listening to Christmas blues and craving a sleepy blues dance . 
loves the days she wakes up feeling like a 50 year old smoker because oxygen is overrated . 
is going a little stir crazy . 
needs an ugly sweater , stat . 
really really wishes she could sleep for more than 20 minutes at a go ... 
is done , kind of , except I have to work tomorrow , but then , I'm done . 
lost her phone ... umm , oops ? 
is more than a little distressed that she still can't find her phone . 
loved Avatar . You should totally go see it . 
So I'm excited about 2011 . I'm pretty much determined it's going to be so awesome that it will block out all 2010's crap . 
If you think that a kiss is all in the lips , C'mon , you got it all wrong , man And if you think that a dance is all in the hips Oh well , then do the twist 
effing hates fish ! Particularly fish that are gender-confused ... 
could use a massage and < PROPFEMALE > ... but will probably settle for yoga and a shower . 
Up in the Air was uber depressing . If I had wanted something like that , I could have stayed home and watched the news ... 
Hot pink ! 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > Michaels ... you rock my world in very painful ways . 
I have not had enough caffiene for this ... 
My week has gone from absolute madness to nothing special in . 2 seconds . Woo ! 
has \We Got the Funk\ " stuck in her head . Oy ... " 
wants a mocha stout and a hot fudge sundae ... but is going to work instead . :-\\ 
Rocking in the dance hall moving with you , dancing in the night in the middle of June ... 
had an awesome time at dance , learned lots of things , and is in an awesome mood . Yay ! 
In an open room that echos well , this is where I can tell you everything . This is where I meet my muse , and it feeds me . 
is in desperate need of a pizza and beer night . 
just received The Princeton Guide to Ecology aka \The Bible\ " aka Everything-you-need-to-know-about-ecology-ever . yay . " 
Hey soul sister , ain't that mister mister on the radio , stereo . The way you move ain't fair you know ... hey soul sister . 
lacks inspiration . 
I believe that part of what propels science is the thirst for wonder . It's a very powerful emotion . All children feel it . In a first grade classroom everybody feels it ; in a twelfth grade classroom almost nobody feels it , or at least acknowledges it . - < PROPFIRST > Sagan 
Ay dios mio , it's only Tuesday . 
is barefoot and crazy . 
is looking for answers to questions she hasn't even asked . 
It is < PROPFEMALE > . It is Friday . It is a good day . 
is studying at Barnes and < PROPMALE > . At least there's good coffee ... 
Ooo , you want it ? baby , you got it ... 
Just dance . It's gonna be okay . Just dance . 
had decided she wants to be a spy ... or maybe a pirate ... instead of a researcher . How do we make that happen ? 
urgently needs < PROPFEMALE > ... for the love of all things holy . 
Oh holy crap that is a lot of snow .... :-\\ 
Come on get higher , loosen my lips . Faith and < PROPFEMALE > , and the swing of your hips . Just pull me down hard , and drown me in love . 
is spending the afternoon fighting with R . Pray for me ... 
is completely torn ... Colts and Peyton or Saints after < PROPFEMALE > . Ahhh ! Who's a girl to cheer for ? 
is over that moment of uncertainty ... Let's Go Colts !!! 
Is it nap time yet ? ...... how bout now ? 
' s swivels are amazing . Okay , maybe not amazing , but are way better than they were an hour ago . 
Take time to realize , I'm on your side . Didn't I , didn't I tell you . Take time to realize , this all can pass you by . Didn't I tell you ... 
has learned valuable < PROPFEMALE > Winter Lesson #12 Don't go outside with wet hair when it's 17 or your hair will freeze ... the hard way . 
is not afraid of Pennsylvania's snow because I know this is my temporary hooooome . 
In Rochester for the weekend , dancing at Girl Jam . Should be great fun ! 
Thanks for the Birthday wishes ! 
did not have a good day . Possibly dinner and a drink could help it though . 
realizes The Weather Channel is in Atlanta , but some mention of windchill would be nice . 32 isn't 32 with 25mph N winds , ya'll ... 
is sick at home , eating pancakes and watching < PROPFEMALE > . Not a bad day , except for the sick part -- and the pile of reading that's waiting for me . 
is contemplating the consequences of wearing a strapless purple sundress in the < PROPMALE > Resources Bldg . 
It's < PROPFEMALE > ! And my cold is better ! Today is a good day my friends . 
is a little irritated and a little frustrated . 
is on a war-path . Stand clear unless you have chocolate or < PROPFEMALE > ... consider this your one and only warning . 
Little kids in snow suits are soooooooooo cute . 
is still alive ... amazingly . 
prefers her wieners schnitzeled , please . 
is so frustrated with Amazon . My birthday package hasn't arrived , and when I emailed them to figure out why , they said my \package should arrive by the estimated delievery date : Feb 26 . \ " Did you miss the part where it was the 27th ? Or the part where that was a WEEK after when I paid for it to arrive ? ARRGGH ! " 
' s parents will be in < PROPFEMALE > in 10 days ! Very excited ... 
is tired of sick . It needs to be over now . 
Candidacy is only three weeks away ! Oh snap . 
Fajitas and beer ... because it's Friday , and why not ! 
Sunshine ! 
is really frustrated with work ... and today starts spring break . When did my life start to suck this hard ? 
My parents will be here tomorrow ! So excited ! 
does not understand what is confusing about the legend () function , but apparently , me and my computer don't get it ! 
Why hello there , < PROPFIRST > . I have sure missed you during my time in yankee-land . Mmmmm :-) 
just ate mint chocolate chip ice cream and dos equis for dinner . Who me , stressed ? Naaaahh ... 
survived her first practice candidacy exam ... maybe I will pass . 
Bye bye now , Winter ! You run along and take allllll that gross , cold weather with ya ! 
should really study tomorrow , but has decided she will go to dance ! Yay making bad decisions ! 
showed those boys her back pocket . She showed em good . 
is up really early . Yuck ! 
is completely confused with her taxes ? 
The Panamanians are coming ! The Panamanians are coming ! 
wants to have more fun . Life is too short ! 
I can't think about that right now . If I do , I'll go crazy . I'll think about that tomorrow . 
has defeated the R code monster and is going to go home a pretend like she doesn't have a cold now . 
to my PSU swing peoples -- I am starting to plan lessons . Let me know what you think we should teach ! And if you want to teach it ! 
80 degrees on Friday ! Woooo Hoooo ! 
is sitting on the patio in the sun , drinking lemonade and listening to country music . It's almost like I'm back home ! 
had a spectacular day , but is soooo tired now ! Happy Easter ! 
is reading up on stocks and trying to figure out where to make her first investment ! 
You can't rollerskate in a buffalo herd , but you can be happy if you've a mind to . 
just registered for Philly < PROPFEMALE > Love . Yay ! 
Day 1 of bikini workout = success . 
My siblings have lost their grandfather unexpectedly . What do you say ? 
needs an apartment in State College for the fall . Thoughts ? 
Bikini workout day 4 . Ow . You know after crunch 200ish it really just all goes numb ... for awhile . 
New favorite animal ... the stoat . Faster than a fleeing banana , I mean < PROPFEMALE > ! 
passed candidacy . 
' s head is pounding ... maybe it's because of all the hammers pounding on my apartment wall . :-\\ 
Bikini workout day 10 . Holy canolis ! 
To go to < PROPFEMALE>'s or not to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s . That is the question . 
is psyched about < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Quartet at Penn State tonight ! It's going to be awesome music and fun dancing ! No partner or experience required . See you there ! 
My 2 year old nephew after dumping a box of train track's all over my father : \TAAADDDAAAH ! \ " I <3 that kid . :-) " 
can't take it back now . :-\\ 
is relieved . Things are looking up . :-) 
had a dream last night that we were all invert super heroes . < PROPMALE > Jones was a spider , and Nikolai Balashov was a giant beetle . The super-villian was a tree that struck people/bugs with lightening bolts ! Over-active imagination ? Or been an ecologist for too long ? 
13 days til I'm home in Tennessee !!! And then I become an Aunt x4 . 
workout , shower , laundry , hw , cleaning , grocery store . I need a clone . Also , 12 days . :-) 
As a kid this always made me feel so much better . Hopefully it will help tonight . Now I lay me down to sleep , I pray the Lord , my soul to keep . May angels watch me through the night , And keep me in their blessed sight . 
t-10 days and counting . 
Well , it might be me , but the way I see it the whole wide world has gone crazy . So baby , why don't we just dance ? 
is trying to make a decision with no apparent right answer . hmmm . 
I don't like that facebook won't let me have something on my profile unless I link to a < PROPFEMALE > . I don't want to link to someone else's stupid < PROPFEMALE > ! What if I don't agree with that < PROPFEMALE>'s views ? Just because it has horseback riding or conservation in the title , doesn't mean I want to join . 
Hold on Coffee County !!! Tornados and flooding , yikes ! 
Three more days until I'm home in TN !!! Woo woo ! 
really enjoyed reading about ecologically relevant stimuli for undergraduates . Does that mean Natty Light vs Guiness ? Fun with Psych literature ! :-/ 
Twooooo more days !!!! 
Hey Knoxville ! I'll be in town Friday night/Saturday morning , and I want to see you while I'm there . :-) 
finished the 30 day bikini workout ! Go me ! 
Hi ho ! Hi ho ! It's off to TN I go ! 
is the proud Auntie of a beauitful niece -- < PROPFEMALE > Grace , 6lbs 13oz . <3<3 
is in Tullahoma for a day or two more ! 
is back . What did I miss ? 
would like to trade in State College's 55 and rainy for Tullahoma's 80 and < PROPFEMALE > , please ! 
Should do work , but what ? Read more papers ? 
Girl's night . Bring it . 
doesn't like being at work at 7:45 . not at all . 
Fish in mazes ! Woo ! 
Why can't we all just get along , play nice , and remember to share ? 
Movie and lemonade . mmmmhhhhmm . 
may be reading the worst book in the history of the world . 
Burpies are the bane of my existence . Ow . 
is in search of a wide mouth bottle less than 3\ wide and with a straight portion more than 3\ " tall . Hmmm ... " 
is doing the \I-have-usable-data\ " happy dance . :-) " 
looooves this weather . It makes me feel right at home . Well , I could do with a little less humidity . But still . :-) 
No more callin ' me baby . No more chicken and gravy , til ya take me down , take me down to the little white church . 
doesn't say it enough , but she thinks you are totally awesome . :-) 
I wanna put on my my my my my boogie shoe , to boogie with you ! 
boogies , but with more than one shoe this time . 
needs a massage , or yoga , or something . 
has data spaghetti . It's really not supposed to look like spaghetti . Hmmm ... 
wonders how long it takes to replace a roof because being woken up by hammering at 7am for two weeks is killing me . 
Yay fun times at PLL ! 
Doing fish races today ... how nice . 
just watched < PROPFEMALE > Michaels do African dance . Hah ! Awesome . 
1st morning without construction outside my window in three weeks ! Hallelujah ! 
Can this week be over yet ? 
needs a plan B stat . 
is like a hair in a biscuit . 
is really tired of getting coupons for Val-pak in the mail . Who do I have to tell I don't have herpes ??? 
is sleepy and misses the days when someone else always knew exactly what she should be doing next . 
has watched The Women , < PROPFIRST > and Isolde , < PROPFEMALE > and Amelie this week . Good movies all around ! 
is addicted to Flickr Explore ! 
All of the anger at BP makes me a little sad . People are a little naive\ 
if they think that this is the worst of it . Exxon is responsible for\ 
the last spill . Shell has a horrid human rights history , and Chevron in\ 
Ecuador is enough to make you cry yourself to sleep at night . I'm angry\ 
at oil companies , all of them . I'm mad at myself for not having a\ 
better answer Biking , anyone ? 
is wondering how many more days like today there are between her and an MS ? 
Success is not final , failure is not fatal : It is the courage to continue that counts . ~ Winston Churchill How very appropriate for my life right now . 
needs an external hard drive , probably more than 200 gigs . Suggestions ? 
Heads < PROPFEMALE > , tails California . Somewhere greener , somewhere warmer . 
knows that < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue , but she's been really really virtuous here lately . Now she just wants to tell some people how it is . 
is finished with pilot 3.0 . It's good to be out of the basement ! 
is really frustrated , again . 
Lately , I have been thinking about what I'm passionate about . These days it doesn't seem like there is anything that I would risk it all to do/try/learn , so I wonder , what would you risk it all for ? 
will be on the road to TN in less than 24 hours . Oh yeah . 
is pretty impressed that it took less than 1 hour post holiday weekend for things to go bad in the lab . 
Eco/Evo/Behavior people ! I have a stats question ! I am trying to correlate data taken in groups of three with individual learning data . Ranking within the groups is not a good option . How would you do this ? 
feels like yuck . 
TGIF . 
is jobhunting . Anyone got any ideas ? 
is grateful for her awesome friends ! 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > people ! We should < PROPFEMALE > out . Limited time opportunity . 
t-15 days and counting . 
t-13 days and starting to feel the stress . 
12 days ! If anyone has spare boxes in State College , I need quite a few ! 
has found her temporarily misplaced < PROPFEMALE > Sugarbaker and told her boss just exactly what she thinks . Very satisfying . ( For those of you who don't know who < PROPFEMALE > Sugarbaker is , youtube it and be enlightened . ) 
So who is on twitter ? I've now managed to accumulate friends all over the place ( you guys refuse to sit still ) , and I want to see if that's easier for keeping up with you all ... 
lets play a fun game called what career should < PROPFIRST > pursue ... suggestions so far include vegas show girl and teacher ... others ? 
6 days til moving day ! 
really needs to get packing and cleaning but is definitely putting it off . 
is a packing machine ! 
is looking forward to the big move . Just a few days left ! 
2 days left in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Only a day and a half til the parents arrive . I'm having a weird freak-out moment at the thought of not being in classes this fall . 
Parent's arrive this afternoon , and I leave tomorrow . It's been fun < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Out of radio contact until Monday ! Call me if you need me . :-) 
Made it home safely . Thanks to everyone who helped me move ... I think I'm going to sleep for days . 
There is never a dull moment around here . 
has recovered from last night's traumas with a beautiful day on the lake . 
Summer days driftin ' away , to uh-oh those summer nights . 
declares today over 2 hours early . Done with it . 
needs a haircut today but she's being indecisive . Need inspiration ... 
Variety is the spice of life . 
Ohhhh goodness tonight was interesting ! 
Workout , errands , cleaning , laundry , nephews , and play practice . Shoo doggies it's a busy day ! 
is super sleepy ! Not sure exactly why ... 
needs an outing . Who is still in Tullahoma ? 
And I went crazy again today , looking for a strand to climb , looking for a little hope . 
finally has a resume with which she intends to get a flippin awesome job . 
has ants in her pants because really she just wants to go dance ! 
:^/ 
My whole body hurts , and I hate painting . 
Half of my heart's got a grip on the situation . 
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread . Don't ya just hate it when your Momma is right ? 
is really praying a certain someone learns her music . 
Go Vols ! 
Who do ya love ? 
What a day ! 
has poison < PROPFEMALE > between her toes . Next time I won't be wearing flops to the creek . 
hopes that STATE enjoyed their trip to the SEC . Ya'll come back now , ya hear ! 
survived tech rehearsal . We open Friday ! 
Ugggggh . 
My mama was right , there's blues in the night . 
would like to\ 
invite all to see a wonderful play that opens this weekend . A great\ 
cast that will truly entertain you . The Community Playhouse , Inc . \ 
presents The 1940's Radio Hour - Sept . 17 , 18 , 24 , & 25 , 2010 at\ 
7:30 p.m. and Sept . 19 & 26 , 2010 at 2 p.m. at the South Jackson\ 
Civic Center in Tullahoma , TN . Tickets : $15 for adults , $13 for senior\ 
citizens , & $11 for students . For reservations , call ( 931 ) 581-7767 
is celebrating ! Only problem is I don't know what yet . 
is annoyed and frustrated over something stupid . Let's hope it isn't one of those days . 
is super excited that today is the last show . 
has survived 1940s and will now hibernate until she recovers her < PROPFEMALE > . 
is considering getting out of dodge for awhile . Where should I go ? Who wants to come ? 
was very smitten today with a big Bashkir Curly/Arabian boy called Spock . He is so handsome . 
is proud of South < PROPFEMALE > . Good job Game Cocks ! UT ... well , there's always next year . 
Yo , ho , haul together , hoist the colors high . Heave ho , thieves and beggars , never shall we die . 
is asking everyone who is feeling the need for a hissy fit to take a few steps back ... please ? 
having a rough week . 
For future reference ... one should really avoid getting turkey grease in one's hair because 1 . it smells really gross and 2 . it's really hard to get out . 
I want a merit badge that says , \I survived the Horse Play luncheon . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Sappington needs one too . " 
You got me beggin you for mercy ... 
Happy Veteran's Day ! Thanks to all the veterans who have served and are serving this country faithfully and courageously ! 
rode a horse today ! It was the first time in a couple years , but it was just like riding a bike . I miss it ! 
is making decisions and taking baby steps towards her big-girl life . Dunno if I'm enjoying it yet ... 
is baking about 5 dozen cookies for active duty troops this afternoon . If you are bored , come by and help ! I might need a relief-stirrer . 
is going to shadow a physical therapist next week . Exciting ! 
Who's ready for Thanksgiving ? 
Woke up to a broken fridge . Oh joy . 
I'd like you for Christmas . New Year's , Easter too . 
Does anyone know a Physician's Assistant in the Tullahoma area that would let me shadow ? I'm having trouble finding someone ! Thanks ! 
\He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance ; one cannot fly into flying . \"- Friedrich Nietzsche " 
Brr ... snowy here . Nothing like a < PROPFEMALE > winter though . 
Woke up to a bird in the Christmas tree ... a real bird . Don't know how it got there but it took 2 hours , 4 adults , 2 children , 2 dogs and a cat to get it out ... kinda nervous about what tomorrow might bring . 
Gave 6 week 6 pack a shot today ... not as ouch as I expected . 
Fa la la la la la la la la la .... 
This week feels a lot like quicksand . I keep swimming and swimming , and I don't get anywhere ! If your present is wrapped in a Kroger sack , sorry ! ( You were just going to rip the paper off anyway . ) 
Sooo ... at this point in my peanut brittle-making career , I think I have messed it up every possible way . Minor explosion ... no loss of life or property . 
The Christmas spirit has finally found me . I'm in a fantastic mood . Probably do to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Ford making me laugh and < PROPFEMALE > Barnes just being awesome . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , we had a deal last night . You were supposed to make me funnier , smarter and a better dancer . I saw the video , we need to talk ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! Be safe ! 
I just extracted house wren #3 from inside the house this month . These birds are taking their name a little too literally . 
It's not the same . No it's never the same , if you don't feel it to . If you meet me half way . If you would meet me half way , it could be the same for you . 
had a fantastic day shadowing a < PROPFEMALE > in Shelbyville . I'm loving it so far . 
When it rains it pours . I should remember time for food when I am scheduling things ... 
Hey , everybody come out and see The Community Playhouse's production of The MUSIC MAN < PROPFIRST > 13 , 14 , 15 AT 7:30 PM and < PROPFIRST > 16 AT 2:00 PM . It's the first show put on by CPI in the new Tullahoma High School Auditorium . It promises to be very entertaining , with local favorites < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Waller starring . Call 931-581-7767 or email tickets@communityplayhouse.org for reservations . See you there ! 
Well , TN has gotten another ~ 6 inches of snow . Yippee . 
Way to go Auburn ! 
I am sooooooooooooooooooooooo frustrated with Motlow . It should not be this hard to fix a pre-requisite requirement . IT'S CALLED AN AP CLASSSSSS . 
Sweet dreams to < PROPFEMALE > you close to me . I wish they may and I wish they might . Now goodnight , my someone , goodnight . \ 
\ 
Come see Music Man this weekend ! 
So apparently my online class is no joke ... yay staring at computer screens for a really long time ? 
is irritated and stressed . I could use a break . 
I really enjoy the Music Man cast . They are so polite to one another and are always thanking me for just standing in front of a script and reading along . Thanks guys , for having a great attitude ! Makes my job a lot easier ! 
Don't let the smooth taste fool ya , it's colder than a biscuit in the refrigerator out here . 
So , my micro professor is an absolute hoot . Thank God for small blessings ! 
I have a job ! Finally ! 
Cleaned , got pretty new shoes , made chicken n dumplings and watched Eat , Pray , Love . Not a bad night ! 
I'm accepting all happy thoughts/prayers as I start a new job this week . I'm pretty nervous ! 
Good day today ! 
Give wind and tide a < PROPMALE > to change . ~ Richard Byrd 
actually got sunburned today ... and I'm not upset about it ! 
First micro test in t-4 days . I forgot how much studying isn't fun . 
Anyone else worried about what's going on in Sudan , Egypt and Yemen ? Can you say powder-keg ? 
I am absolutely exhausted , but I've gotten a whole lot done . It's so nice when thing finally start working out . 
had a really rough day . < PROPFEMALE > shadowing is the bright spot right now . 
Micro test success . 
had a unique experience at Trevecca . the host forgot about the orientation so it was given by the department data analyst ... 
Okay , I can't stand it . I haaaaaaaaaaaaave to dance . What's coming up peoples ? 
Joint commission audit started today . Oy vey . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! It was a great day . :-) 
I am killing microbiology ! It's so interesting . Medical terminology ... that's another story . 
Change the voices in your head , make them like you instead ! :-) 
I have been so lucky to have scholarships all through school . Paying for classes without them is much harder than I thought it would be . 
Good deed of the day : Me and < PROPFEMALE > Glazier Helwig saw a dog running in the street ( during the rain ) that was obviously lost . Caught her , called the # on her tags and returned to ( wet , very grateful ) owners . Hopefully < PROPFEMALE > is warmer now ! 
Just learned how to subscribe to podcasts .... so behind the times . :-p 
Itching , sneezing , and coughing . Hi Spring . How ya doing . 
Shooooooooo , I was not built for running , but I'm getting there ! 
Hey Hikers/Outdoorsy people ! I'm looking for a day pack/hydration pack for my dad for father's day . Anyone have suggestions ? ( It is probably going to be an early gift , but please nobody tell him ! ) 
Why do taxes have to be so painful ? Why can't we find a way to make this a simple enough process that you don't need a lawyer and an accountant to get it right ? Gah . 
