9/11 is not an excuse for war it is only a memorial for the men who tried saving lives not the people who died ! 

You would expect me to wear something fancy like a tie today but instead I'm wearing shorts and a shirt . lol 
LOL at < PROPMALE > Cooper and < PROPFEMALE > Griffin on CNN ! 
Happy New Year New York and everyone else on Eastern Time ! 
Really bored . Just friend requsted alot of people . i think i know some of them but not sure i still have to adda picture but havnt actually tooken one in a while so ill use one from last year . 
I feel like everyone is at a party but me ! < PROPFIRST > goes to a party every 3 days even if he doesn't know anyone there ! Wow I am waisting my Sunday . 
Can't go to sleep most likely because i don't want to . 
Salagadoola menchicka boola bibbidi-bobbidi-boo put ' em together and what have you got bippity-boppity bippity-boppity bippity-boppity-boo 
The constitution pretty much just screwed over the Deceleration of independence . It pretty much took the right that we thought we were going to get and cut them off so if the government becomes corrupt we will have to stand aside , and if anyone want to stop the corruption they will have no legal right . All they can do is sign a petition or protest . Which gets nothing done . 
Nationality is BS . They(the white house specifically < PROPFIRST > bush jr. ) took our rights ! The patriot act sounds like an act that is for the good of the country . This was after september 11 , 2001 What it really is , is an act that allows to arrest , prosecute , and torture a \suspected terrorist \"." 
This means even if you are not a terrorist you can be treated as one . This seems like something hitler did after the Reichstag building ( where the parliment worked ) and declared a simular act . 
Yeah Nationality is BS ! 
Yeah . 
im sick . and i have to stay home . 
I am extremely lazy and feel like im going to fail all my classes 
School starts soon . I don't feel like going because of 2 classes . but i will maske it through . 
Holy shit a fly just attacked me and then a couple more just scared the hell out of me ! 
Im sure its still in here . 
i feel like beating up a sixth grader ! Watch out sixth graders im going on a physcotic rampage ! 
I had a horrible headache today . It really sucked i ended up sleeping for 3 hours . 
I HATE religion with every fiber of my being . No one person will understand how much I hate these fairytale evil people filled with hatred ! Of course I am a hypocrite for I as well am filled with deep hatred for these people ! 
I HATE religion with every fiber of my being . No one person will understand how much I hate these fairytale evil people filled with hatred ! Of course I am a hypocrite for I as well am filled with deep hatred for these people ! Just restating it ... 
How late is late to go to sleep . For me it is 9pm the next day lol ! 
The Christian Reich is upon us . Most of you don't know that I hate religion . I usually don't talk about religion but I do to just let out some steam . I Hate ! religion . Most of you do not know what Reich means . 
I use it in the context of Reign . I knew this would strike up some controversy about comparing religion with the German-Nazi army . Of course some people will be quick to judge and call me evil . Of course I do look down upon religion . 
Im pretty sure im insane now . 
I accidentaly a soda bottle . 
Yay Im not insane ! 
It was an awesome day today ! I met someone and im happy how things turned out ! 
A Profesionally butchered human can feed 60 people for a week . This is using every part including the bone marrow . So who wnts to go camping !? 
just put more music in my phone . 
We are all Dieing in slow motion ... Just saying . lol 
A poll was taken and more Americans like the Healthcare < PROPMALE > now that it is law . It is amazing and sad how people change there views so easily . 
I am really sucking at French ! I need to memorize La Marseillaise by friday . I kind of got it but i cant remember it ! 
Yes im actually memorizing it yay ! Im really rocking the french anthem . La Marseillaise 
I just woke up . I didnt remember sleeping . i just remembered waking up ande my neck hurts . 
Sometimes I wonder \why am I so shy ? \ " for some reason I can never just go around telling people anything if i bearly know them . I will only talk to absoloute strangers and close friends but noone in between . Of course there are those insane moments were I just go do anything . This just makes me feel so wierd especially since i need a date for the millitary ball . " 
Why do I not show my intelegence . I would make a good philosopher if I actually expressed my opinions more openly . I find It wierd that this is usually not what I post when I get on . It is usually about Science and other things . 
I just noticed how horrible of a person I am even though everyone thinks i'm this kid that always makes good grades and is nice to everyone . My comments on other peoples walls are usually cruel or just hilarously evil . 
I'm over att a friends house . he has like 5 computers . 
Just got home its an awesome day . also carwash tommorow at mcdonalds on 1960 . It's a fundraiser for ROTC 
I feel like waking up before < PROPFEMALE > just to take pictures . maybe try to get a better image of that tree and the street light . For some reaso I can't stop thinking about it . It's just so hipnotic . I could probably write poetry about it too bad I'm not that type of person . 
I feel out of my time . The processes of the modern world are slow and ireliable . Of course we hve advanced greatly in the thousands of years we have been here I think this is not how it will stay . I believe that soon things will change even if I must change them . 
I got sunburned . pretty sure that even my ees are sunburned . I actually didn't notice or even think about it . 
Now I see why I don't usually do all the stuff I want in the begining . Theres nothing left to do for the rest of the time . 
Why do people strive to feel good . At the end of it all you end up wanting it , and when you don't have it you feel bad . For what ? a moment or two of actual joy ? and then what ? Just fall into the cycle of being sad because you want it and it gets harder to obtain . It just spirals out of control until your life ends up crashing and burning ! 
Are we really wired to be this bad at planning ahead that we only feel good when actually performing an action that brings you joy ? This was the way it was designed . It keeps the human will and might going . as long as you know that at the end you will have accomplished something and that it will be different people will go through this cycle until they notice that sometimes nothing gets accomplished . 
Why do people not display there religous or political view on there profiles , and when they do they follow the rules and just put something like . Christian - Catholic 
Why is my life like this !?!? I'm not really that normal , of course I would never want to be . I would rather find myself dead . I am glad that I am more concious about my surrondings . I wouldn't like to be normal . 
Just watched Saw 5 . Plot got better and it is very interesting . 
Got Smash Bros . Brawl on Sunday . Pretty fun . It seems I can't find anything to do . It is most likely because so little intrests me at the moment . I'm not going to say I can't wait till ( time ) or then I would be lying because I actually don't have much to look forward to this week . 
Just broke into my own house and my dog attacked me lol . I need a key . 
The invisible man has a special list of ten things he does not want you to do . And if you do any of these ten things he has a special place full of fire and smoke and burning and torture and anguish where he will send you to live an suffer and burn and choke and scream and cry forever and ever untill the end of time ! But he loves you ! LOL at religion ! 
I'm about to go to school , I usually leave at 6:55 to start walking . 
I just stabbed my thumb with a pin on my uniform . That made me feel stupid . Also I feel some people are ignoring me . Noone really close but it still bothers me that someone would do such a thing . 
¿s ? u ??? ?? d ?? s ?? ns ? q p ? sn ?? ?? do ? d ??? ??? 
I hate when people just make a retarded joke and people start believing it is true . I hope no one actually thinks my friend has gonorrhea . LOL 
Need to find a way to go to sleep or I'm not going to get up tommorow . < PROPFIRST > go to sleep or you not going to wake up either . You are very lazy . you too < PROPFIRST > . I just feel like telling you what to do . 
Just got home . This is going to be a great weekend . 
I had some awesome dreams . It seems way better than a 3d movie because it was live . It was more of 3 dreams . Probably because I was asleep for 12 hours . 
Just got an invitation from the Congressional Youth Leadership Council . I'm not sure if I may atend because the thing costs $ 2,359 not including transportation , lunches , souvinirs etc . 
Just got home watched three movies took about four and a half hours . Went there with some hilarous people . I don't smile I have facial spasms ! lol 
Havn't checked my email for a while . turns out I had a bunch . Unfortunantly It was alot of unread trash . well atleast it was from my point of view . I only check to ... I'm not sure why I check noone really uses email anymore . 
At a too much pizza . Ive been eating to much today . I had a big breakfeast and a big lunch . I guess ill just skip dinner . I feel like ima explode lol . 
I find the work to be more of a reward then the reward itself . Ofcourse that in its self is a contradiction . 
Once an insane person replied to my simple comment \what's up ? \ " with a question . The Question he asked was \ " What is up but down turned around ? \"" 
Finally chose to use facebook on my phone . 
I've noticed that the best thing I do is think . For some reason I find myself thinking about things that are completely unrelative . Sometimes I'll be talking to someone and think of something entirely diffrent and still be attached to the conversation . Sometimes I lose sight of reality and become delusional . 
Just got out of leadership school training . Volunteered to be the element leader but didnt get chosen to march the flight . :/ 
I have good news bad news and worse news . The good news is that there is no worse news . The bad news is that I forgot what I was going to say . 
I was about to watch < PROPFEMALE > but my sister changed the channel . 
I wish it wasn't as cloudy so i can use my telescope . Can't wait till the high air pressure rolls in . 
Dang It I need to get my uniform ready . I need the uniform for after school . I need it for mentoring and for SLS training . I still can't find black socks and I don't have a v-neck shirt . 
Why do people find IPC material so dificult . Whats so hard about finding for a certain factor ? Its just simple algebra . It's just aplying yourself . 
My brother is going over chemistry 2 with me . I get somethings but not all . I think chemistry 1 will be pretty easy . I'm more interested in physics though . 
I'm making my bed before i go to sleep . Lol . I can't stand to see messy things . 
I got to march the flight today but had to leave early to mentore . I was element leader for SLS training . Only got one point off for my uniform inspection . 
I love physics and astronomy . I know that my career is in that area . It's just so stunning and amazing . 
LOL Republicans and FAUX ( FOX ) news are so stupid ! First fox completely doesn't know what the nuclear < PROPMALE > says . It actually said the exact opposite of what they said . I mean literally the exact opposite ! And then they say that they wish < PROPFEMALE > was in office . It turns out < PROPFEMALE > wanted to cut nuclear weapons by 1/3 as well ! 
I don't mean to be boring ... :\\ 
LOL ! < PROPMALE > Maher is having an entire conversation about marijuana with the guy in green day . 
Wearily all so drearily we wave our flags into the camera ! This is what < PROPFEMALE > is about . 
I'm watching religulous . 
Non-religous people are one of the largest minorities . A large 16% . 
There was no SLS practice today , and I must admit I was looking forward to it . 
I wonder when I'm going to the dentist , I was supose to get a tooth removed but I never did . Also when am I going to the doctor I've been coughing for a while . by a while I mean 5 weeks ! I might have lung cancer ! |X 
I lost all my student id cards ! Damnit this really sucks . I also can't find my blue jeans . 
I had a dream where someone was angry with me and they just straight up hated my guts . Very wierd because it took place in my biology class . 
We did alot of excercise today . It was fun . Im pretty sure everyone would agree . 
I need a picture of myself to post onface book but I'm to lazy ! 
I just explained basic particle physics to a friend . You know with the quarks : up , down , charm , strange , top , and bottom . Also the leptons : electron nuetrino , electron , muon nutrino , muon , tau nutrino , and tau . Then last bot not least the particles that make up forces or bosons : photon , gluon , w boson , and z boson . The four forces aswell : gravity , electromagnetism , Weak force , and strong force . 
GAH ! To lazy to take a picture . Anyways noone wants to be the cameraman . And I am sure not going to take one of those crappy pictures where I hold my own camera . I'll just find an old picture . 
Yay I'm going to doctor then the dentist . Not going to be here friday . Looking forward to it . 
Note to self ( and maybe others ) : Find smarter friends ! It's boring not talking about Physics and astronomy and things that would be #1 for my conversation list . Ofcourse noone actually likes talking about knowledge ! Why are my intrest so diffrent from everyone that is my friend !?!? 
Why does school have to be so boring ?!? 
I like my signiture on my phone . Lol noone really knows what they are . Leptons , Bosons , and Quarks . 
Had a very interesting conversation about physics with my friends . Needless to say they were lost . Leptons , Bosons , and Quarks . 
Clear skies but no < PROPFEMALE > ... Leptons , Bosons , and Quarks . 
I just had a very interesting conversation with a friend . We talked about physics . We actually thought of some pretty amazing stuff . 
Intelectual conversations are best held at night . 
Aparently there is a dark colored sanke in the house . 
I am physically exhausted . I feel like crap . I should really go to the doctor . 
It's my day off . 
Godm damnit i hate root canals . Also they keep messing up with the clamps . 
Dentist stopped drilling at my teeth for a while . 
Root canal is over . 
Heading downtown on the metro . Not much people on the bus . 
This is a holy shit moment . I walked 20 < PROPMALE > downtown . The buildings are fucking tall . 
Bearly going home after long trip to downtown and some crazy downtown expirience . Also had a nice time volunteering at sedition books . 
Meet some new people from volunteering at Sedition Books . < PROPMALE > is a computer \nerd\ " he is really awesome . < PROPFIRST > went to Rice University and majored in English . They are really awesome people . Can't wait till next week . " 
If you are one in a million that makes you the same as 6,706 other people on the planet . World population is estimated to be 6,706,993,152 in 2008 . Estimates show that right now there are around 6,814,317,000 . 
I'm watching life on the discovery channel . Atleast I was before it started to rain sidewards lol . 
I hate stress , and I bet it hates me back . 
I forgot to do my math homework ! 
I lost my Id cards . I lost the one with the picture , the temporary one , and the one on the laptop case . 
Some black lady just told her shild to leave ater pinching his brother at the clinic . Really messed up family . 
My nurse asked me if i was nervous about getting blood drawn . I said no . She said good because she was . Lol . 
Wasn't there a cartoon movie where the little girl ends up working at a sweatshop ? 
This week has been extremely boring . 
I found my id cards ! They were in my uniform pockets . It took taking them to the cleaners to find them . 
Alot of people online but noone I would like to talk to . Well maybe just 2 people . But all of you tend to be very boring . Well atleast to my intrests . 
WTF ? Military Ball is this Saturday . I thought it was some other time or something . Wow time flies by quick . Schools almost out ! yay ! 
I hate when my hair is to short to just fall under its wieght but to long to look normal without doing anything to it . 
Akward moments in school are always akward . Leptons , Bosons , and Quarks . 
Swimming tommorow at ROTC last period yay ! 
I dropped ceral on the floor and made the shape of the constelation of orion . Wierd . 
Listening to the Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven . I would like to hear this at night when It's silent except for the crickets while I think about things that wouldn't cross most peoples minds . Like right now . 
The medicine was making me dizzy and light headed . 
Went swimming today but now im carrying 10 pounds of wet clothing and the usual . I also smell horrible . Stupid Cl . 
I want to go into Aerospace engineering and Nuclear engineering . I'll be making Nuclear powered space stations ! :D 
If you sleep 6 hours a day you will sleep 2190 hours in a year . If you plan on living until you are 80 you will sleep 750,200 hours in your lifetime . That is the equivalent of sleeping for 20 years . I am bored . 
I didn't even know I could look this good . Lol 
The military ball is dreadful at somepoints and fun at others . Lol . 
I can't get the SD card into the computer ! 
I'm not just a bit of a nerd , I'm alot of a nerd . lol . I'm the only one who dreams of being an Aerospace enginear or Nuclear engineer . Then I'm the only one who trys starting conversations over particle physics lol . 
Schadenfreude . :D 
GM already paid off its < PROPFEMALE > already ??? Wow the bailout worked . :D I hope I heard it right . 
Gah ! I'm still procrastinating ! I need to do my biology homework ! 
Just did my homework . Yay . I still go more X ( 
I have a feeling ima be up till 1 am watching the discovery channel . 
An average male has 45 pounds of carbon in his body . 
It's to hot to walk home in a jacket for a mile . Lol I should have tooken it off . 
Hilarous that people think TAKS is hard . TAKS is a test for idiots . 
Arizona isn't a country club . You can't kick people out because of there race . 
Anti-depresents don't work . They make you depressed . 
Democracy : government by the people ; a form of government in which the supreme power is vested in the people and exercised directly by them or by their elected agents under a free electoral system . We are the people ! The people don't like this ! 1 MILLION Strong AGAINST the Arizona Immigration Law SB1070 
The fastest a person has ever traveled is a bit less than 25,000 < PROPMALE > per hour during the re-entry of Apollo 10 . 
I can't find my sky chart CD ! Its driving me nuts . 
May 5 , 1961 - Launch of Mercury-Redstone 3 for the mission Freedom 7 . The first American sub-orbital flight . It reached 116.5 < PROPMALE > and lasted 15 minutes and 28 seconds . It went up to 5,134 < PROPMALE > per hour . For all of you that don't know , it is my dream to become an aerospace engineer . 
I just watched something on FAUX ( FOX ) news . It said 70% of people in the state agree with the < PROPMALE > and 60% in the entire country . I checked these < PROPFIRST > and all they did was looked at the percentage of hispancs . they didn't even take a real poll ! These people need to tell the facts not there bias BS ! 
I would love the lyrics to the song if they weren't incorectly portraying the facts of the universe , but it is still pretty nice . We are twelve billion light years from the edge , That's a guess , N o-o ne can ever say it's true But I know that I will always be with you . 
Annoying applications ! Gah ! the internet is put to bad use ! ( Am I the only one who uses the expression \Gah ! \"?)" 
I want people to stop calling my phone and asking for < PROPFIRST > Escavar ! Its annoying ! I don't know any < PROPFIRST > Escavar ! And it is always during class so I can never pick up the phone and then when I call back they put me on hold ! Extremely annoying ! 
I need to get a job ... Also the most important post of the day is coming up which most of you know what it is because I do this everyday . 
Ouch . I just heard of what happened to the NASA baloon . 
I like to laugh in my head at those idiots who don't like to do work or tests and act tough , because \tough guys\ " work frying chicken . " 
My mom is so awesome . She would have let me stayed home for no random reason . Well she only does that for me because I'm her \favorite\ " . Well maybe not really sure if I am . " 
I have to much free time now ... 
It's not racist , Its racial humor . 
Feels woerrd walking to school so late . 
I have never felt this bored . 
Sit down , you've been demoted to a house cat . 
Omnomnom I just ate a raw oyster . 
Omnomnom x2 I just ate an octopus . 
Omnomnom x3 i just ate calimari . Not sure what that is . 
I need to stop lending my sister money . She still owes me $40 . 
At the protest . I see channel 11 , 13 , and 2 , but not 26 . 
My family keeps badgering me about not having a girlfriend . o.O 
I suck at taking pictures lol . 
Gah ! Headache ! 
We have discovered more about the universe in the last century than in all of human history . 
Gah ! I'm Sick ! 
I think I might have allergies . :/ 
I feel too old for my age . What's wrong with me ? 
LOL I feel like such an idiot now . Goodbye people I'm getting off in a bit . 
Still sick and still going to school . 
Forgot to bring pt clothes for sls training . 
I ran a mile in 10 mins 50 seconds . Yay i beat the time . 
I can do better . 
I like it when its late and you're talking and you think you say something that is extremely great even though you figure out its stupid later and you get that feeling while you think about it . 
Forgot to put the soda in the freezer . Its going to get warm . X ( 
I was almost home but then they told me to pick up my sister . 
I need to learn to physics . 
Gah ! Uniform day tomorrow . Not that I don't like it , it's just that its that it gets annoying getting ready . I should start preparing now . I think I will procrastinate for a little longer . 
I'm not sure if this happens only to me and my friend but I just have to ask . Do unicorns ever steal your kidneys then you wakeup and not know where the hell you're at ? 
Be polite when your mean . Be mean but not rude . 
It's like playing 20 f'n questions trying to find out what < PROPFIRST > did ! It's more like 120 questions ! X ( 
Today was the last day of mentoring . Well they invited us to go to field day next friday . Ill get to miss school . 
I slept for about 12 hours yesterday . It's probably not good for me . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Carrillo is retarded . lol . \ 
He likes emos . 
Emo's suck I hate them with every fiber of my being . I would die before I would say I like emos . 
Lol police was on a phone while driving . 
Apparently no one says Coca-Cola they say \coke \"." 
coke is good 
I remember when I had to sound out words . It was like a puzzle . I want to have the same passion i used to have for words . 
A friend of mine was on my facebook and his friend screwed something up . 
If anyone trys that again Ima fucking kill you . I will go nuts and gut you alive . 
Whoever did this is going to pay not only for what they wrote but for me replying to someone over the phone and not knowing what happened . 
I was having a good day before this . 
I'm not angry after learning somethings about physics . 
The radius to create a black hole is two times the gravitational constant times the mass of the object all over the speed of light squared . 
Iceland has no military . It is concidered the most peacful country in the world . 
Nuclear Weapons : Russia : 5830 . US : 5735 . France : 350 . If a 150-kiloton bomb was detonated at the Empire State Building 75,000 people would die within the first second . After 4 seconds it would have killed 375,000 people . 6 seconds after the detonation it would have killed 625,000 people and injuring 320,000 . 10 seconds after the detonation the blast would have killed 865,000 and injuring 875,000 . 
Lol at whale wars . They're so stupid . 
400 the cat lol . 
I'm eating like a savage . 
Mr. T says treat your mother right . 
I haven't started eating but i'm full . 
At < PROPFEMALE > tequilas . The food looks worth the money . 
LOL ! 400 the cat ! 
So bored . Not very useful information , but still I am very bored . 
Finally going home . 
A century ago we thought the milky way was the universe . We have gone a long way since that . 
Got stuck on some of the hidden commands on the 30 step drill . 
I know im going to become an officer . I ran a continous mile until I got a cramp at the end . I have an okay command voice and remember the 30 step drill . 
Schadenfreude . It's just so great . Well atleast for me . 
Its not NEWS if its not NEW ! 
Commander's call this evening . Can't wait I just like wearing the uniform especially with the jacket . 
I got soda on my uniform ! Stupid stain . I hope its not noticable . 
58 more pages until I can start my homework . 
Crap ! I have homework ! 
too disconcentrated to do my work and my music keeps me awake but also distracts me . 
So delightfully Jewish . Goodnight aswell . 
I'm going to join Color Gaurd , Saber Team , and maybe Rocketry . I can't wait till next year ! 
Everyone I know had a crappy day . Really sucks . 
Awesome Day ! 
How can I have 27 mutual friends with this guy and not have added him yet ? 
People keep likeing the same things . Way to be independent . * Sarcasm added * 
I live to serve . Really ? Well only serve myself . LOL . I'm such a cynic . 
You stupid Mouse I'm going to throw you in the garbage disposal ! 
Stupid mouse keeps multiple clicking and the temporary replacement wont click anything ! Stupid Mice ! 
The ^_^ face on the facebook chat looks high . LOL 
I like it when you say yes I'm talking to you and every one thinks I'm talking to them . And yes I am talking to YOU ! 
Next year I'm going to be more active . I'm going to join atleast 2 ROTC teams and learn to play an instrument . Maybe find a job and get some money as well . I better start dedicating myself now . 
I'm doing better at the piano then I expected . 
crap I should get started on my work ! 
Note to self I stopped on 42 . 
Dang it no practice . 
Im going to Texas AM . 
Not to self im on 74 . 
Just pretend its a snake and its giving you a hug . Oh wait . Just pretend its a seatbelt . 
The flying dinosaurs are called smokearapers . 
Don't feed the birds ! It ruins the economy ! 
Ewwww . < PROPFIRST>'s crab shack . It feels like if I touch something it will be sticky . It feels like there is going to be mercury all over the place . 
That's where the fairies live . Texas City . When there bad one of there factories blow up . 
Sooo expensive ! DX 
There should be an \I Hate\ " button on Facebook . " 
We didn't come out of the stone age because we ran out of stones , so we should come out of the oil age even though we still have it . 
Finnaly I got ahold of that dude that keeps asking for < PROPFIRST > Escavar . I hope whatever company he calls from will stop now . 
I hate it when I get a fortune cookie that just really sucks ! 
The end of school Is closer than I thought . last full day is on tuesday and I'm bringing donuts tommorow . Let us hope I don't have to walk to school . 
Had a party 7th period . It was awesome . 
Im working on my command voice . My sister says i sound like a seal . I listened to the recording she took and it sounds awesome ! 
Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia- Fear of \ 
long words\ 
Why do doctors have to be so satirical ? lol 
Spending the night at San < PROPFIRST > . It seems very diffrent here . It is extremely < PROPFEMALE > humid here . 
Can't remember were we parked ! 
The X-files are on . I haven't watched it in a long time . 
Facebook won't let me log on ! It's driving me nuts ! 
There is a hell of alot of rain over here . The streets are flooded . I wonder how it's like in < PROPMALE > . 
KFC is so disgusting , how can people eat there ?!? 
Shake down today . I can't wait till it's time to leave ! 
I'm leaving for SLS today . I won't be back for a week . I feel like I'm forgeting something . 
I'm finally back from sls . Yay !!! 
I want to buy a hell of alot of legos . 
If anyone knows anybody that needs a babysitter please contact me . 
Yay I'm going to cici's 
I just got The Cosmic Conection by < PROPFIRST > Sagan . And for a great price . 
I've been sitting in the car doing absoulutly nothing but being retarded . 
In the words or Sgt . Brakston \Pain is weakness leaving the body \"" 
Nooooooo ! Its bearly friday ! 
Just got my pay for the week ! Yay ! 
Who wants to go to the movies to see dispicable me ? and no im not paying for those of you who don't have money . 
Watching the blind side . So sad :'( 
happy 234th birthday < PROPFEMALE > . Enjoy your freedom safely ! 
Thank goodness for coffee or i would be flat on my face sleeping on the floor . 
Downtown looks awesome at night . 
Work is finnaly over . To bad when i get home there won't be anything to do . :/ 
Ok\ 
here is your < PROPMALE > you can tell me something you have always wanted to\ 
tell me or ask a question . I recommend using the inbox if you want to \ 
keep it private , if not you can just write on my wall , or make a comment\ 
on this status . Copy and paste this into your status and see what \ 
happens . 
Yay new glasses ! 
I was doing some algebra . I actually found it fun . o.O 
Sneaked into two movies yesterday and a friend of mine stole a hell of alot of snacks . Yesterday was awesome . 
Moving next week . I can't wait . 
Obama is on the view . Very weired . 
I've been playing ultimate band with my brother and sister all night . Freakin fun . 
Bout to go to sleep i got work tomorrow . 
Jalapenos , lettuce , Oreos , and cofee . Why ? I am not sure . 
It looks yellow outside . Very wierd . 
Got thinner all over my hand . It burned ! 
It still feels like summer . 
The < PROPFEMALE > is big and bright even in times of hardship . 
You can't be closer than that with somebody ! The electro-magnetic properties of atoms won't allow it . I love being a nerd lol . 
Helping my little sister with algebra . I feel so nice . :) 
Procrastinating is my favorite part about homework . LOL 
Just finished my world history notes ! Yay ! 
I <3 trail mix 
< PROPFIRST > Hotdog Is my dog . Add him on Facebook 
I feel like everything i did today was horrible . 
From now on im giving 100 percent . Im going to aim high . I'm not just aiming for top 10 percent im aiming for top 1 percent . Nothing is gunna stop me ! 
Woke up happy today . I have a feeling its going to be a wonderful day . 
My brother just told me that i sleep talk entire conversations at night . Weird . 
Laughing at thunder . Lol 
Holy crap one driver was holding atleast 150 cars back . 
I seriously need a haircut now lol . 
Just made a tumblr yay . I'll post a link tomorrow . 
It may be unprecidented but its funny as heck . 
Ima get a haircut its going to be weird . 
Im about to go ballistic . Jupiter is behind a tree ! 
I love rainy days . :) 
1234 merits lol . 
I made a tumblr last week check it out . \ 
www.paledot.tumblr.com 
Darn you Colarado ! Stop asking me for < PROPFIRST > escavar ! 
< PROPFEMALE > happy ! Just saw jupiter and its moons . 
Everyone seems spiteful and bitter this week . 
I wish everyone was excited about exploration and knowledge as we used to be in the 60s . 
Total < PROPFEMALE > Vu moment just right now . 
Up in the air is a great movie . I would give it an A plus . 
Reality just hit me in the face like a ton of bricks . And it feels like it broke every bone in my body . 
Thought of an awesome drill routine hope i don't forget it . 
I hate that im the only one who eats the healthy cereal . 
We need another blackout . Playing BS today was fun but I got carried away and people were staring at me after yelling for two minutes after I won . 
Its such a nice day . 
Someone ate my AlmondJoy . Nooooooo ! 
It happens everyday and everyday i end up looking stupid . 
I only got a couple more hours to come up with a poem !!! DX 
I can finally tell someone . \If you need me I'll be in the study . \ " it makes me feel like a scholar from the Classical < PROPFEMALE >." 
Reading a physics book instead of doing homework . Lol 
There are two kinds of people in the world , those who split people into two groups and those who don't . 
Im confused . I burned through 80 pages of a physics book in about 1.5 hours but it takes me the same amount of time to get through 20 pages of world history . 
Next time i want my pancakes on a plate . : Ö 
Oh my gatos ! 
The present is nothing but the infinitely short time period between the past and the future . 
LOL ! 47% of Americans think fossil fuels come from dinosaurs and 20% think it comes from uranium . 49% of Americans believe the space program is causing global warming with its rockets . Americans are so ignorant . XD 
Its going to be a long night again . 
I just learned why black holes do not violate the second law of thermodynamics . I love being a nerd . Lol 
According to the Oxford English Dictionary \set\ " has the most definitions with 464 definitions . " 
Im so proud of myself im almost caught up with all my work even though i was behin in two chapters of whap , a chem lab , a french project , and some algebra . 
I feel so much better in the mornings when i fall asleep early . Good night peeps . 
Crap , forgot about homework . ill do it over the weekend . u.u 
\Most men lead lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with the song still in them . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau " 
REMEMBER : With great power comes great current squared times resistance . 
Pb&J samich . :) 
In the study thinking ... 
It's going to be a nice weekend :) 
Going to IHOP yay ! 
The fire place is so nicem 
Everyone else cries when they watch Titanic , but i tear up for Apollo 13 . 
Im wearing my cape tomorrow . Just letting you know . 
Can't wait to take my telescope out during the full < PROPFEMALE > . I should look at the sky charts tomorrow . I can't wait . :) 
Most amazing sunset ever . 
LO F'n L < PROPFEMALE > Palin thiks she will win 2012 . ROFLMFAO !!!!! She's so clueless !!!!! 
Time to do ho . ework for 6 hours :/ 
I hope to use my telescope tomorrow . But for tonight i must finish my work . 
Yes ! Finally done ! 
Telescope time soon . 
Good time to look at the < PROPFEMALE > but its to bright to find Procyon and find Comet Hartley . I should wait till 8 and look for jupiter . 
Telescope time ! 
I wish you could see this . And i cant take a picture of it either . :/ 
Darn you light pollution you blocked out a lot of refrence stars . 
Barnes and nobles and 1960 book fair . 
Im not sure if i should be happy or sad . Don't ask why im not to sure of that either . Im just conflicted . 
I just asked a police officer at the mall if i can take a picture of his hat and he said \no\ " . Then a minute later someone else asked him . Lol " 
Do me a favor look at the < PROPFEMALE > as soon as possible and admire it . :) 
Did you know Einstein was offered presidency of < PROPMALE > in 1952 ? 
< PROPMALE > was appointed president of the < PROPMALE > Society becoming the first scientist to be knighted . 
Finally finished reading \A Brief History Of Time\ " and read the first 100 pages of contact . Interesting book . " 
Don't look for happiness ; Avoid pain . 
I was hoping on finishing the book tonight but i got sidetracked and i just need a chapter and a half to finish section two . section three looks the shortest . The book is extremely interesting . 
Happy thanksgiving . 
I cannot speak spanish so don't ask ! 
I just hade an extremely realstic dream . I was even able to taste things . 
Had a completely realistic but impossible dream . I can still remember most of it . I should write it down . 
Just noticed there was a tree missing in the front yard . 
I hate the fact that I watch the news and find it interesting and can't find anybody else who watches it . I bet most of you can't even guess what Palestine told < PROPMALE > about Jerusalem , or South Korea's view on Korean-Chinese diplomatic relations . 
I learned how to conjugate in French but forgot how to do it in English . Lol 
Q : What Would < PROPFIRST > Do ? \ 
A : What ever the hell he wants ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is beast . 
Does anybody have any ideas about the X-37B ? Its an Air force unmanned space-plane that landed at Vandenburg , California . It apparently spent 7 months in orbit around the earth performing a classified mission . 
Finally changed it ! Who didn't love catdog ?!? 
God id hate to know what the neighbors think of us . 
Pibb Xtra does actually taste like Spicy < PROPFEMALE > . It also has that dentist after taste if you keep it in your mouth too long . 
I look a mess . Screwed up tie , messed up hair , wrinkled shirt , and im limping . Im so glad no one is around to see lol ! 
Just after the US South Korean war games Japan and the US are arranging some as well . China is wary of having foreign navies off its shores\ 
According to Japan's Defense Ministry , 34,100 Japanese personnel , 40 \ 
vessels and 250 aircraft from Japan's ground , maritime and air \ 
self-defense forces will take part , along with 10,400 troops , 20 ships \ 
and 150 aircraft from the U.S. military . 
Because I can , Cause no one can stop me , Because it makes up for the things i lost , Because I'm addicted to bad ideas and all the beauty in this world . 
Its impossible to make everyone happy . I learned this while redoing my flights seating chart . 
Pirates and Bank Robbers , \ 
Not Lawyers and CEOs , \ 
Stock Brokers Ain't Your Heros ! 
I always tax the poor in simcity to get < PROPMALE > houses . Now i feel bad because i just visited a place i used to live . A lot of memories . Good thing that its just a computer . 
Its nice and < PROPFEMALE > out . What a nice night . 
Just finished at wreaths across < PROPFEMALE > . Unfortunately my mom is lost . 
Just finished watching Fraiser . Lol it was hilarous . Good night people . 
I remember that i had a dream last night , i just can't remember what it was about .. 
You know what I'm going to do it . I've figured out what I wan't to do now . I ant to < PROPMALE > in aerospace engineering learn French and go work at Toulouse . That seems like such a nice life . Seems kind of hard to get to , but I don't care . 
< PROPFEMALE > Grammer did sideshow bobs voice on the simpsons , did anyone know about this ? 
I've competely checked out of school . u.u Has anybody else ? 
Guess who's wearing a top hat tomorrow ! 
It feels so late . 
Geminids Meteor Shower tonight . I wish there wasn't any light pollution in < PROPMALE > . 
Cheif gave me a complement ! Now my life is complete ! Lol 
Seriously ! Every single day at 7pm I feel like its almost 11pm . 
The stars are out ! And little light pollution . Ima start sky watching in the morning from now on ! 
I just saw victorian children . It was so awesome ! 
I bought napkins with my first initial on them ! :D 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is interviewing himself ! LOL 
Oreos are AWESOME ! \ 
Unless you just eat the stuff inside , then it taste disgusting . DX 
It finally feels like 10 . :) 
Awesome foxtrot christmas party ! 
I didnt complete my goal . Crap and i was going to do it . But i had little < PROPMALE > . :( 
Knowledge is power . Unfortunately with this knowledge you have the power to suffer not only for your losses , but for others as well . 
Your car is Japanese . Your Vodka is Russian . Your pizza is Italian . Your kebab is Turkish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Brazilian . Your movies are American . Your tea is Tamil . Your shirt is Indian . Your oil is Saudi Arabian . Your electronics are Chinese . Your < PROPFIRST > Arabic , your letters Latin . And you complain that your neighbour is an immigrant ? Copy if you're against racism . 
5:20 am . Yeah ! 
We sat in the car just to listen to a prarie home companion . So hilarous . :D 
LOL ! ketchup . 
Lost in someone elses neighbirhood ... Lol 
Watching planes fly through Orion and towards Jupiter . I hope they don't fall to the ground lol . 
40% of < PROPFEMALE > ns still believe in creationism . Why is < PROPFEMALE > so culturally and socially backwards as well as most of the world ? 
Nights like tonight always get me thinking about the future . 
Its seems so bright out . Too bad its cloudy . I guess ill have to wait a couple more years for the next full eclipse . 
Not sure if its cloudy wherever you are but if it is sorry about keeping you up to be dissapointed . Maybe itll be clear by the time the < PROPFEMALE > is coming back . 
Holes in cloudes are passing by . The < PROPFEMALE > is already halfway covered by the earth's shadow . 
Clouds are starting to thin out . You're going to enjoy the view if you can see the < PROPFEMALE > . 
The < PROPFEMALE > now looks orange . 
I feel bad for people who are missing this . There is still quite some time . Check it out ! 
I can imagine all the people in the neighborhood sleeping in their beds right now . Having whatever dreams they are having that they will soon forget . 
Total eclipse is over and now its back to the partial eclipse to those who missed it . 
Clouds came back . Still got to see the eclipse though . It was awesome ! 
The holidays are a time to feel good , put aside your problems , and do what you feel like . I hope you enjoy your break ! \ 
Happy Holidays ! 
Don't go around telling people I'm carrying around a knife ! They'll call the cops . Besides it was a joke ... \ 
\ 
Jk i don't have one anyway lol . 
Once again . God , I'd hate to know what the neighbors think . 
I just noticed Christmas is this weekend lol . I feel late ... 
Tu connais la fille la bas ? \ 
Non qui est ? \ 
Elle s'appalle < PROPFEMALE > Savard . \ 
I remember French 1 :D \ 
Time goes by to quickly . 
Just had a dream about harvesting energy from rain . 
Everyone in the house is depresed ! Lol . Oh wait thats not funny ... 
Randomly found my baseball cap . 
The table is ready for Christmas < PROPFEMALE > Dinner . I can't wait ! 
Good night people i didnt talk to all day . 
LOL at Fantastic Mr. Fox ! 
Its so nice and cold outside . And its raining . :D 
Ima get ADD and cancer and whatever else red #40 gives you . Apparently some food coloring is made from petroleum . 
My brother just told me i had the face to palm \why am I still alive ? \ " face . Lol " 
Wine makes it feel a little bit like christmas . :) 
Happy Holidays everyone ! Enjoy your break and families . If you get in a fight go apoligize . Even if its not your fault . Its the holidays and a time for family . 
I feel so weird . I was wearing dress clothes several minutes ago ; complete with tie , shirt , coat , and everything . Now I'm in PT shorts and an Adventure Time shirt . ALGEBRAIC MAN ! 
Got a bunch of dress shirts and ties for christmas . BEST CHRISTMAS EVER ! 
Going ice skating with the family today . Yay ! 
Had a fun evening skating . Too bad we had to leave early . Still a good day . :D 
I was the only person skating with a tie , fedora , and dress shirt . lol 
Good night < PROPFEMALE > stuff . 
Support small buisness . It doesn't matter if its a sandwich shop or the guy who sells logs and oranges out of his truck . So go and buy from small buisness . Also get your crack from independent dealers ! :) it helps the economy . 
Oh how i love my hats . C : 
Watching Rugrats lol . Haven't watched it in a long time . 
Liein to someone about how I went to Russia for the past six days . LOL XD 
I wish I could sleep right now , but I know when I wake up its going to be the same routine . Maybe I'll go for a walk in the morning or something . 
Well the weather outside is frightful , \ 
But the coffee is so delightful , \ 
And we have nothing to keep us war , \ 
Let us drink , let us drink , let us drink . \ 
Goodnight Everyone and Happy Holidays ! 
I dont plan on dressing as nicely tomorrow as i did today . 
Wearing my brown cap for my birthday tomorrow . 
I've heard several thousands of birds , fish , and crabs are dropping dead around the world . I wonder what might be causing it . 
Went ice skating today . Ice started to get very un-smooth and fell at the end . lol it was still fun anyway . 
OH NO ! I'm out of Trail Mix ! 
Aiming for 95's on my next two finals and I'll have all A's for the semester . 
One day it will be one bon mot to many . 
Anyone want to buy dog-tags ? 
woke up at 5 took a shower and did homework for the rest of the time . Crappy morning . Can't wait to finish . 
The Drowsy Chaperone was okay . Had some funny jokes . Felt like it was eager to end . Also it had an intermission that wasn't needed . 
Ahhhhhhhh ! Never do something important in the early morning ! 
Wtf ! My power went out ! 
I just heard on the news that people are fighting eachother in egypt . When did this start ? Yesterday it was peaceful . 
Today had lunch with an old friend . Great Day just like old times . I wish it could happen more often . 
For those of you who think NASA gets too much of our taxes think again . Only half a < PROPFEMALE > of each persons taxes goes to NASA . 
Finally finished everything I needed to do today , took me the whole day . Time for a break . :D 
Played The X-Files Resist or Serve game tonight . Old games are great . So are the X-files . 
You are more likely to die in a bike(1 in 4147 ) accident then in a plane accident(1 in 5862 ) . Also more likely to die in a car passenger accident(1 in 272 ) . And from falling(1 in 184 ) . As well as a car accident of any kind(1 in 85 ) . So if you are brave enough to drive a car you should be able to get on a plane without thinking that you will die . 
is feeling randomly accomplished . 
< PROPFIRST > Beck is such an IDIOT . LOL ! 
I have a problem with closing doors now . 
Day started off bad . Was almost good . Then i ruined it . Should just keep my mouth shut . 
Wow what a week ! HORRIBLE ! So glad it's over . Actually today was a better day . Still a bad one but better . 
The Republic of Moldova is the drunkest country in the world with 19.2 liters per capita of liquor . 
Raise the taxes ! Its better then ending up a third world country ! 
Found my wallet ! 
Orchestra concert was nice . Good Luck at Chicago peoples . 
Going out of town . Yay 
Back in < PROPMALE > ! YAY ! 
Making toast . Mmmmmmmm ... 
So i looked at a kf yearbook from 25 years ago . Everyone used to look like teenagers . Now everyone looks like children . 
WHAP Notes ! I have conquered you ! 
A Tsunami just hit Japan and will hit Hawai'i in 20 minutes and may hit the west coast . 
I wonder if the people around us are on the same journey we are on . 
Trip to san < PROPFIRST > is going good . Large party last night . Gunna take a shower in half an hour now . 
Why didnt anyone tell me its thursday ! Someone invite me to do something tomorrow . 
Getting a haircut soon . I've waited long enough . 
Just saw the super < PROPFEMALE > through the telescope with my sister and her friend . 
Anybody else winning this morning ? 
Forgot to do chapter notes again . DX . I know what im doing ove the weekend ... 
Really starting to hate how my long weeks are stretching into my weekends which overlap into the next week creating long periods of nothing but working to stay afloat . I'm really hoping for a break . I'm pretty sure I'm going to use it to catch up though . 
There are almost 7 billion people with us on this earth . Just thought you should know . 
Are you Bi-Polar ? I'm Bi-Winning ! 
