am so sick of homework 

Just finished swimming . 
Its way to hot . I'm going swimming after dinner 
babysitting < PROPMALE > . Were watching the < PROPFEMALE > clause 
im tired . but i refuse to go to bed . how stubborn am i 
moms at the hospital getting stitches 
My birthday is tomorrow ! going to disneyland with cecili and < PROPFEMALE > 
trying to finish my summer homework 
school starts tomarrow . thank god im almost done with my homework . 
done with my homework . and ready for school tomorrow 
schools finally started . luckly i have a lot of nice teachers this year 
how does he know me ? we didn't have any classes together last year . i know how i know him but how does he know me ? 
going to go to the football game 
were awesome ! Lakewood won the game . 28-0 . 
yay ! i get to go to the angel game tomorrow 
Going to lobster fest later 
Watching the best of will ferrel for like the 20th time with cec , chey and syd . \You . me . staring contest . now ! \"" 
ugh . school is so stressful . 
Just had some yummy pancakes < PROPFIRST > made for me and cec 
Im so oissed off right now . my counselor changed my schedule without even speaking to me . im glad that im in a higher dance class . but its not worth it it i am now stuck in a class i dont want to be in 
schools hard , life's complicated and the fun times are over ... 
Going to the football game ! Im so excited . we are so going to whip poly's butt this year . Lets go lancers ! 
Lakewood won last night ! 21-14 . this is the first time we beat poly since 1982 . Go lakwood ! 
yay ! im so happy ! well not that happy but ive gone into the final stage of my voluenteer thing at the aquarium . All i have left is my interview . lets hope i do good ! 
Going to go to knotts scary farm tonight with my friends ! 
im so happy . my interview and everything is finally over . now i just have to wait till saturday to see if i made it . everyone wish me luck . 
Homecoming week !! Finally ! i hate being the last school to have homecoming . oh well .... Of to the movies with mom . 
My weekend is ruined ... Im not even in the mood to go to the homecoming game . i just want to sit in a corner and cry . 
Happy halloween everyone ! 
Found out I start my voulenteering at the aquarium on the 5th of december . 
way to early for me to be up . 
Giving the dog a good'ol bath 
at cecs house . im so scared to see what i got on my test today . i believe did well though being that i studied at lunch . 
Me and my mom are currently looking at the CIF brakets . We're trying to figure out who is going to win who . we know we're going to win the first round . 
im up for work . and suprisingly im awake too . 
off work . and getting ready to go to the bonfire at joshs . lets hope that the pride dosent drive me insane 
Does anyone know the score to the game ? i couldnt go 
watching chey fail at super < PROPFIRST > galaxy . OH ! and it is so pretty at cec's house . we decorated for christmas and we bought the christmas tree today ! smells like christmas !!! 
Watching the game !!! Go wood !! 
Just saw Rent at the Carpenter Center . It was very good 
Im so excited ! I love what i am going to wear tonight 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Hope your day is < PROPFEMALE > and full of joy 
Got my ipod for christmas . now im watching itunes install very slowly 
Dying of boredom ! This is when i love school . I get to see all my friends . Well most of them at least 
Oh my Gosh ! I just found my long lost best friend i havent seen years ! actually she found me ! im freaking out right now 
I lost weight ! I lost 6 pounds yet i havent worked out over vacation and have been eating junk food ! How is that possible ? 
I have Rent songs stuck in my head ! 
Watching Sesame Street with < PROPMALE > ! I miss being little . 
Bored as can be sitting at home . Anyone want to go do something before it rains ? 
Glee won best TV Series for Comedy or Musical ! and The Hangover won best comedy ! YES ! 
I failed my chemistry final ! I so want to cry right now . How can I fail if i studied for 4 hours the night before and had a flash card . I'm afraid of mom right now . 
talking to my friend < PROPMALE > while brothers shoot me with dart guns 
Of to go see Sweeney Tood with my brother . Why is it that no one wants to see it with me ? Even Tosh was like i dont care 
Sweeney < PROPMALE > was good . The musical explained way more than the movie did . 
Time for work . Ready for an exciting day at the aquarium 
Watching the big game !! 
im so bored ! there is no one to talk to and im home by myself when i could be at my friends house . stupid me 
Tried out for the school musical today . Hope i made it . Everyone pray i made it into chorus ! 
Stuck on my volunteen project thats due tomorrow 
To many things to do . I have musical stuff I have to do and now I want to tryout for cheer . I dont want to tell Sr. Seimsen . he's scary ! so what to do ?.... 
At home sick . I have an extreme headache . On the plus my throat dosent hurt that much anymore 
Dance Concert Tonight !!! For anyone who wants to go its at Lakewood's auditorium at 7 and it is $7 to get in 
off to bancroft's open house 
Going to < PROPFIRST>'s birthday party 
Waiting to go to Cecili's house . If I ever get to go ... 
Just copied all the ap outlines because im an idiot who threw them away . but hey i didnt know i needed them because I definatly never used them . know I have them all . what a great waste of paper . 
Kick-Ass fits its title . It was totally kick ass ! 
Opening night !! Beauty and the Beast opens tonight ! It starts at 7pm and tickets are on sale for $8.50 . It will also be playing tomorrow , the 30th and the 1st . Hope everyone can make it ! 
Another night of the musical . Though tonight is going to be the most nerve racking for me . 
Todays assemblies went okay . Tomorrow is going to be fun though . I love little kids ! 
Last night of the musical !! Im going to be crying tonight . Ive made so many new friends that i am going to miss after this . I love everyone in the cast !! Also if you haven't seen the musical don't miss the last night . I promise you wont regret it . The show starts at 7pm . general admission is $8.50 and kids are $6 . Children dressed up tonight as princesses or princes get tiaras or a mask . Dont miss it !! 
Walking home and then going to the movies to meet up with some friends 
My AP World History test is tomorrow !!! Everyone wish me luck ! And I wish luck to everyone who is taking or has already taken an AP test in these two weeks 
Everyone please vote for me for < PROPMALE > Class President ! 
Hey everyone tomorrow is the last day to vote . Remeber to vote for me for < PROPMALE > Class President at nutrition or lunch !! 
Tomorrow is the last day to vote . Please go vote for me for < PROPMALE > Class President !! 
There is a for sale sign in front of my house ! The weird thing is its way taller than me . 
Just got home . Grrr ... Dad needs to pay my phone < PROPMALE > ! And someone please save me tomorrow from 6 screaming little boys .... please . 
Someone save me ! I dont want to go to < PROPFIRST > and Kalana's and have 6 screaming kids running around 
Stupid Tosh . He just had to stay home with me ... Now im not allowed to go to a freinds house if I wanted to . Damn . 
Im 40 years old now ... hahaha . im just kidding . 
NO CHEMISTRY QUIZ TOMORROW !!! Mr. D told me he was to tired to make a quiz after I told him that almost no one understood his worksheet today . 
Typing my english essay . Why does there have to be a 150+ words in each paragraph ? Anyone remember the good old days when a paragraph was 3-5 sentences ? Good times ... 
So irritated by the fact that i cant go to lauras house even though all my friends are over there . Now im stuck in the boredom of hell 
So happy to find out < PROPFEMALE > has my books . I should really keep better track of them 
Need to study ! So im going to use tv and a snack as motivation ! TO the books !!!! 
I'll be a follower since this sounds like fun\ 
\ 
If you like this status , I will post on your \ 
wall something I like about you . Copy this to your status , if you're up \ 
to the challenge . 
Am I ready for tomorrow ? hmmm .... Hell I dont know . I guess ill find that out . 
Lakers won ! I told you haters they would win tonight , and they did . so =p 
I probably should have gone to the Pops concert like I planned ... oh well . To all my friends in the concert I know you did great ! 
Cecili fell asleep outside . I knew i shouldnt have left her out there . 
Moms all excited because Tosh got into summit . Yay ! I guess ... 
Lakers won !! Yes !!! 
I miss the days when we were all friends . Now i look back and it feels like our friendship never existed 
My brain hurts from studying for chem ! ughh ... Now im watching the laker game . Lets go lakers !!!!! 
God of War 3 !!! HELL YES ! 
Pool Party ! 
Just got back from the party . It was so much fun ! Though I am not sure what to think 
Lets go lakers !!! 
Damn Artest ! 
I want to go to the beach ! Lets make plans to go this summer !! Who wants to go ??? 
Most people say im pretty and usually i think im pretty too when i look in the mirror . But , why do i look ugly in all of my pictures or on video . Technology has cursed me to be ugly ! 
Im confused . What am i doing tomorrow exactly ? People all want me to do different things 
Lakers won !!! I told you haters out there they would . Wooo Lakers !!!!! 
Talking with a friend I havent talked to in a long time . 
Guys , they are just so full of suprises . Good and bad . 
Dying to go play videogames . 
I dont get why the hell he has to bring up what happened a damn hour ago . So I left the damn bag in the freakin car . Get over it ! And hell yeah i have an attitude because your bringing up something that already happen and just causing drama . Damn i thought you were the adult . 
My phone isnt working . It should be working by tomorrow or wenesday . If you need to talk to me call my house phone or txt me and ill call you . 
Damnit < PROPMALE > ! you woke up < PROPMALE > . and now i have to watch him . 
Glowstick fight ! hahaha . < PROPFEMALE>'s party last night was awesome . 
MIRANDA'S BEEN HACKED !!!!! 
I saw Toy Story . It was so cute ! i was crying at the end . < PROPMALE > and spanish Buzz are my favorite . 
Everyone watch out ! The twi-tards have attacked the towne center ! \ 
But seriously i hate the fact that i read the damn books way before they created the damn movie and now everyone loves it just because of the movies ! it irritates the crap out of me that the fans make it a big deal . Everyone knows < PROPFEMALE > chooses < PROPFIRST > . end of the hype . 
That conversation keeps running through my mind . I want it to stop , but in a way i did enjoy that conversation . Opened my eyes a bit , suprised me 
Yay ! im going to anime expo ! im going as Jirachi ! Thank you mommy 
Ahhhhhh ! no ! mom's packing already ! im not ready to pack all my stuff into boxes and move . 
I believe I have everything ready for anime expo ! Yay ! Im so excited for tomorrow !!!!!!! 
So Im finally back from anime expo . The funniest/most annoying thing that happened ( like 5 or 6 times ) was whenever we sat down , no matter where we were , the same guy would come up to us and say \you're going to have to move . You're a fire hazard . \ " So the minute we got to courtneys I laid on the floor and said \ " Am I a fire hazard ?! \ " . we all started laughing . " 
All i ask of my heart is to not fall for someone who dosent like me back . But so far its not working . And im afraid i might be falling again . 
Time to go to the block party . \ 
And my house smells delicious ! my moms making apple pie and damn its making me hungy . i just realised I have eaten all day , thats not good . 
I have will power ! I had a whole table of sweets in front of me and i didn't eat any of it . Yes ! The block party was boring though . there was NO ONE my age . Now i'm with cec watching the hangover ! 
Me : Last i checked you liked a guy whos name started with a * . And thats not him\ 
cec : Yeah but if i close my imagine i can pretend 
The party was awesome ! but now i have this lasting feeling of regret , I hope I didn't do anything wrong . 
cec is happy netherlands won . we were watching the last 20 minutes of the game . but im having trouble being happy , i cant erase things from my mind . its going to take awhile ... 
We live in a guys world . Cant live with them , cant live without them . 
I feel like dancing ! Turn up the music 
Is there anyone who might want to go see 1776 with me on sunday ? I have an extra ticket . 
My 7 year old brother just called himself a \babe magnet \"" 
Im up way to early ! Oh well off to the mall/movies with my mom 
I got my AP test score today . And I didnt do bad ! Yay !! 
I took a long nap after ' work ' today . On the funny side i think my day captain thinks me and my friend < PROPMALE > are going out . Thanks a lot < PROPMALE > , great first impression on my new ' boss ' 
Turns out im the babysitter tonight . Not much babysitting though if the babys already asleep . Yay ! 
Me and my mom almost got in a fight in the parking lot against this fucking pshyco ass lady who was obviously on drugs . She said she was going to kill me and my mom . Well fucking bitch how about i beat your fat ass up and then see whos going to kill who . ( excuse my language im pissed off right now , and shaking a bit ) 
Grandma's House ! Yay ! 
I beat God of War 3 ! 
She plays guys like a guitar , pulls their strings till they break . Then moves on to the next guy to sink her claws into . She gets every guy she wants but hurts them all the same . Yet the rest of us girls sit here and wait . 
Cec sits down , Batman runs away\ 
Cop : Who was that man ? \ 
Cec : Your Mom ! \ 
Me : I told you you wanted to watch batman with me\ 
Cec : I love Batman ! \ 
Me : See ! I told you . 
Volunteering at the aquarium today was fun . I enjoyed walking to the lighthouse with < PROPMALE > and Barrington . Oh and Barrington and < PROPMALE > , it is a bromance ! 
First day of camp was fun ! 
Im up way to early . Day 2 of camp ! 
I just learned how to become a millionaire ! 
Uncontrolable laughter alert ! 
I have bad < PROPFEMALE > . But we're going on a scavenger hunt ! 
When my emotions finally go away I think ill be okay . For now , i just need to be a big girl . 
Decided im going to the party . Id feel bad if i didnt go . 
The party was great . Im glad i went . Though why is it im fine and happy at the party but the minute i get home i feel like im breaking down again . 
Laughing always makes me happy ! 
That response always makes me scared . One day im afraid i wont get a response at all . 
Tortilla ! They make me a very happy chica . 
I moved boxes around for almost twelve hours today . Anyone want to help me unpack my room tomorrow ? 
Will i ever find the guy i should be with ? 
I love when life suprises you and finally starts going good . 
Gays can get married in california again !! Yay !!! 
I saw the hottest asian today at the aquarium ! And he works there with me . Jelli wouldve killed me to see him . XD 
Knott's tomorrow ! 
Off to knotts ! 
I just saw < PROPFIRST > at knotts ! Better yet in camp snoopy ! That suprised the hell outta me . 
I love all my friends ! The old , the new , and the crazies ! 
Never accuse me of something i didnt do . Because you better believe ill defend myself . 
I just saw the Chronicles of Narnia : The Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader ! 
I want school to start ! But , then i think about it and realize i still havent finished my homework . Damn AP classes . 
I hate being sick . 
Very glad im not sick anymore . I was in so much pain because of throwing up . But , Im healthy again ( except for the fact im having trouble eating ) . Yay !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > HAS BEEN HACKED !!!! \ 
told her she would forget to sign out when she left . :p 
Blue blueberry pancakes ! yum ! 
my awesome schedule :\ 
0- student council\ 
1- algebra 2\ 
2- ap english\ 
3- spanish 5/6\ 
4- beginning drama\ 
5- ap us history\ 
6- zoology 
I loved my party ! Thanks to everyone who came it was great . I love you all ! :D 
Im officially 16 today !! Yes ! How time flies . \ 
Now i just have to finish my homework . :/\ 
And thank you to everyone whos wished me happy birthday so far ! I love you guys !!! 
Happy 16th birthday to me , i just threw up 
Freaking out at the doctors office because i have to get 2 shots 
Why did I have to be such a procrastinator ? 
Who had AP US history last year ? 
Finished my english homework ! 
I hate the cold 
Almost fainted in the shower this morning . 
At my little brothers soccer game 
I love having hot chocolate at church ! 
I just had bacon grease fly out of the frying pan and burn me . Owww ... 
A possible side effect of the medication i have to take is nausea , stomach pain and vomiting . Kind of ironic since i went to the doctor to stop those symptoms . 
Chick-fil-a !!! Tomorrow night at 6 !!! Get flyers tomorrow from school and be There !! :D 
At the house of blues watching NeverShoutNever ! and the maine ! 
Im waiting for my brain to crash from a homework overload 
Essays always drive me insane 
My plans are ruined , great . all thanks to a sick baby . Sorry < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFIRST > Migliaro just hit me in the face with a paddle while playing < PROPFEMALE > pong 
my dad met someone who knew me , owned a surf shop . Anyone know who that is ? 
Hiding in the computer room from a bunch of relatives I don't remember . Happy holidays 
saw < PROPFEMALE > stafani at the zoo 
Everythings finally planed for formal ! yay ! \\n 
Formal was amazing last night . I had so much fun . Thanks < PROPFIRST > Migliaro for being the best date ever 
im not ready for school tomorrow . im not ready to perform and then her not like it even though i do perfectly fine . 
! swear ill finish my essay ! After a few minutes of facebook distraction of course ... 
Im spoiled . I get strawberry milk and pepermint cookies ! :O 
The cast list ... not sure what else to really say . I guess congrats to everyone .. 
so someone fill me in with musical practice 
Who hates essays ? I hate essays . 
Dont watch the Super Bowl with your boyfriend . He's the remote nazi for the day . 
Someone tell < PROPFEMALE > , no habla espanol en mi casa 
im sorry but i dont want to watch glee if they do original songs , its just their way of making more money . 
Poor Japan ... :( 
8 am musical practice tomorrow . Guess that means no staying up for me 
Nothing shall ruin my awesome 4-day weekend 
My mom feels bad my friends left me . Hey , so do I . 
< PROPFIRST > Migliaro made chocolate milk come out my nose at the dinner table . Thanks < PROPFIRST > ... 
yay ..., the day im suppose to go to knotts is the day my stomach hates me . 
Cecili Melendez nursed me back to health . 
< PROPFEMALE > , YOU'VE BEEN HACKED !!! \ 
~ luv Cec XD 
procrastination is all i need to say 
Stole my brothers ipod 
