hey ... where did the weekend go ?? 

and another weekend has come and gone ... 
.. i love that show ... bill can bite me anytime .... 
now ... thank you for the birthday wishes everyone ... 
just want to say thanks again for the BD wishes ... have a great finish to your weekend ... 
so very happy the weekend is here ... now if we can just get rid of this humidity and enjoy the fresh air again .... 
signing off kids .. have a great weekend ... 
On this day , we raise our hands in celebration and renewed commitment to the making of a just society . < PROPMALE > Mandela teaches us that every human being can make a positive imprint . One by one , and together , we must continue to encourage open dialogue arou 
ok ... ive had it ... i keep getting shut down in explorer .... im done for the night ... have a great work week everyone ... 
sunday ... time to myself ... loving it ... miss my dd who is off having fun in the sun ... but still ... what to do next ?... get ready for a few days out of town ... 
g'nite all ... 
rain , rain go away ... my achy bones dont want to play ... 
heading to food shop ... later 
my bookmark option is missing ... 
hey peoples ... whats a happenin ?.. thank you phillies for making this otherwise gloomy day much brighter ! 
everyone have a happy , healthy and safe thanksgiving .... what are you thankful for ? im thankful for a wonderful daughter who shows me all the time what the word brave means ... aside from having a heart of gold and being the most generous person i know !.... 
happy december ! 
its raining snow ... snowing rain ... 
and finally , the rain is subsiding ... bring on the snow ! 
does anyone know where < PROPMALE > lyons is ? 
a friend of my daughter ' s said its snaining out ... you know , snow and rain ... cute ! 
cold and < PROPFEMALE > in NJ !! 
let it snow .. let it snow .. let it snow ! possibly 6+ inches heading our way ... cant wait !... really ... 
its snowing its snowing its snowing !!!!... bea u ti ful .... 
ok ... third time out with the pup ... its so deep he cant find a place to do his biz ... so cute , his long hair all snowed up .. and face all snowy from snow diving ... see pic to the left ... bailey look alike ... 
good wintry morning ! 23 degrees , very light snow just coming to an end ... patio measures 18 inches , areas of philly maxed at 23.2 ... nothing like this since 1996 up here and the second record snowfall in 100 years .. impressive indeed ! 
oh yeah .. if i could read the dogs mind , im sure hes thinking ... so where do i go ???? 
you know im bored when i am back to spending this much time on FB .... 
hello peoples ... im not sure how long ill be on ... tied to the laundry right now , so maybe for a while ... all is well , just had to answer to some smart ass youngblood on my wonderful nephews FB < PROPFEMALE > ( now if you know me at all , you know some sarcasm was involved ) ... hmm , i think the kid thinks hes all that or something ... BAM , take that kid !... ah , the sheer joy of tormenting a young-un !... haha ... made my day ... 
ok , i apologize for bustin on youngblood .... 
oh god ... its sunday already 
well .... i was friended this week by a ton of dog people ... and let me say i am having a blast looking at pics of all your dogs ... not sure how you all found me , but thanks so much ... what great peeps ! 
the weekend is here .... tgif my friends ... what , more white stuff ??.. lets go play !!! 
holy crap ... good thing i cleaned out the garage and started using it ... must have 6 inches of snow already ... cant wait to see it in the morning ... night all ... 
1pm ... 2 feet or so .. nice ... wind is picking up , it hurts the face ... dog is passed out ... it is beautiful though ... 
ok ... ive had enough farming for one night ... nighty night ... 
storm # 3 ... impressive stuff mother nature .... looks like its eitehr ending or gearing up for more ... still kinda gray and weatherbug says more this evening ... cool ! 
.... its starting up again 
olympic ceremony starting .... love these games 
amazing ceremony show so far ... expect anything else ?... 
to all my new doggie friends i want to send congrats for all your achievments this week ... there are so many posts ... we are thrilled for your wins !... such beautiful dogs ... we are proud of you all ... best wishes for future success !... 
im not sure what happened , but somehow an application called .. hot naughty but nice(with a sexy pic of a woman getting ready to take a bite out of something , i think ) .. showed up on my list ... i never allowed that ... anyone else have that ?... when i looked at the app icon , it was a snowman , so i guess it came thru a snowball fight ???... FB is acting up tonight ... time out right now !!! 
whats with the progress meters above the games ... dont FB people have anything to do ??? 
im outta here ... FB needs a long rest .... good night friends ! 
i wonder if there will be snow when i wake up ?? 
my daughter < PROPFIRST > will be 23 on sunday ... we're going to philly to see the play annie ... i hope you like it < PROPFIRST > .. 23 ???... good grief < PROPFIRST > brown , where does the time go ? 
have i told you all how special < PROPFIRST > is ?... she makes me so proud to be her mom ... im so lucky ... love her , love her , love her ... 
arrghhh ... fb keeps freezing up ... too many people on at the same time or what ... i just got stuck in a photo album .. 
snow counts people ?... looks like 4-6\ here so far ... they say 1/4 million power outs up the coast nj to new england ... whoa !!!! " 
help ... facebook is frozen and i cant get out ..... 
someone told me enough with the dog pic ... what do you really look like now ?... this is it ... last year ... ohkeedohkee ? 
cool .. no weather related changes to the shows in philly ... off to see < PROPFEMALE > ... 
hawaii is under tsunaimi warning ???... holy crap ... we have REALLY ticked off mother nature !!! 
music tidbits ... February 23 , 2000 - British rocker < PROPMALE > Collins wins a Grammy for his work on Disney's \Tarzan\ " soundtrack . " 
bye bye 2010 olympics 
middle eastern ? 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I will never part . God has you in his keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in heaven .... thanks to a friend for letting us borrow her post ... 
true friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if you're home is tidy or not , if your car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect and do actually fight ... a true friend just likes you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true friend ... 
theme day ! 
you know peeps if you dont want game requests etc sent to you , there is a nice way of saying so .. i just saw what looked like a rather rude BITCHY post to a friends < PROPFEMALE > regarding that .. please , if you dont want something you can always block the app or maybe just be nice and say youd rather not get game app requests .. we are adults and im sure we can take it .. you dont have to belittle someone and hurt feelings .. 
time for ice cream ! 
FYI ... i just sent out requests for farmville plantation 66x66 ... my anti virus software would not open the < PROPFEMALE > as a \dangerous\ " threat ... im leaving that one alone but just wanted you all to know there was a problem ... " 
lil farm life message ... cant be found ??... is the game stiill active ? 
If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this for the ones that make this the Home of the Free because of the Brave !!! 
villanova beat < PROPFIRST > morris .. 73/70 .. sweet ! 
Dear Friends , This coming Monday , April 19th is Yom Hazikaron , Israel’s National Memorial Day for its Fallen Soldiers and Victims of Terror . At 11 am , as will be done at Federations and Jewish institutions across the country , we are encouraging each of you to take 2 minutes to reflect on the dedication , courage , and sacrifice of over 22,000 Israeli soldiers and civilians who have given their life . 
hello my friends ... dropped in to see whats happening and on my way again ... hope all are well and enjoying the start of summer ... be careful . its going to be a hot one ! 
thanks to all my sheltie network friends for accepting my daughter as your friend also ... she wants to see everyones sheltie pics :-) ... thanks again ... have a great summer and stay cool ... 
56 ... REALLY ?????... thank you everyone for b-day wishes ! 
thank you everyone for being in touch ... old friends , nothing like em !... group hug !!!! 
good nite my friends ... 
HELP ... my basement was flooded out :-( 
Childrenwith special needs don't have an illness , so they are not contagious . \ 
They want what we all want , which is to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . But will you do it and leave it on your status for at least one hour ? It's special education week .... and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding 
I've carried a child within my body . I have comforted a baby on my chest . I have kissed booboos , mended broken hearts , been puked & peed on , woke up in the middle of the night to a feverish child & more . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a mom , and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a Mom !? 
please prune my plants ... thanks 
what a glorious day in new jersey ... just beautiful :-) 
i had the most spectacular time this weekend ... after 30+ years i had the < PROPMALE > to spend time with a most special friend ... wanted to post before this , but needed to catch up with some sleep ... happiness can definitely zap you as much as anything else .. elaine , you truly are a bright light my friend ... xoxoxo 
HELP ... I NEED A ROOFER(Rain leaking in ) AND INTERIOR REPAIR/PAINTER ... shit ! 
was super happy to have a < PROPMALE > to spend some time this morning with my very special , dearest friend that ive known for 40+ years ... thanks for stopping by Nick ... <3 always ... xoxoxoxo 
PROMISE TO MY CHILDREN : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you understand why I do it . Then I will know you are a responsible adult All because . I LOVE YOU . You will never find someone who loves & cares about you more than your mom ! Copy and paste if you are a MOM 
yuck ... my daughter has a stomach bug :-( ... poor kiddo ... feel better soon honey .. love ya , mom 
phils take it again ... was there any doubt ? 
Getting married , having a baby , moving , job transfers , etc . are not REASONS for abandoning your pet ... they are EXCUSES . Pets are a LIFETIME commitment the same as children are a LIFETIME commitment . We don't get rid of children for \ 
these kinds of excuses ... we adjust our lives . Our pets ... deserve the same level of devotion . Post this in your status if you agree ! 
every person has 1000 wishes . a cancer patient only has one : to get better . i\ 
know that 97% will not post this as their status , but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or who are still fighting . 
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself : I , not events , have the power to make me happy or unhappy today . I can choose which it shall be . Yesterday is dead , tomorrow hasn't arrived yet . I have just one day , today , and I'm going to be happy in it . - Groucho < PROPFEMALE > 
ATTENTION !!!!! Do NOT join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of mylife\ " It is a group of pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on Fox News . Please copy and re-post ! Let's keep our children safe ! ( this only takes a ... ... minute to re-post ) " 
arrgh ... who to vote for in NJ ?... they're all crooks ... 
holy crap ... new < PROPFIRST > FERRY release OLYMPIA ... what a fantastic array of musicians ... im soooo psych'd .... 
s'cuz me < PROPMALE > FERRY .. i knew that :-) 
is everyone full ?.. have a healthy , happy , safe holiday season :-) 
Chanukah Dec 2 ... 
what a beautiful winter morning ... wait , its not REALLY winter yet ... does that mean that the season police are coming to get me ???? 
oh mother nature ... its sooooo cold with that wind ... can you take it down a notch please ?... but thanks for the sunshine :-) 
... hope everyone has a HEALTHY safe and happy holiday ... just getting over a nasty cold , but wanted to take a minute to wish you all < PROPFEMALE > christmas , happy new year ... be safe <3 
ok ... feeling a bit better tonight ... strep throat , yuck !!.. still sore though ... dont think ive ever been sick during the holidays ... thanks for all the get wells :-) 
oh what a fun morning so far ... meeting new sheltie people and seeng some beautiful furbabies .... so relaxing ... i need it ! 
ok kids ... going to watch puppy bowl with < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I'm a little boy with glasses , the one they call a geek ; a little girl who never smiles cause I've got braces on my teeth . I'm that kid on every playground who is always chosen last ; you don't have to be my friend , but is it too much to ask : don't laugh at me , don't call me names , don't get your pleasure from my pain ? In God's eyes we're all the same . REPOST for bully awarareness 
g'night all ... going to pick up the daughter from the bf superbowl gathering , take her gf home and then get my a ** to bed ... nice day chatting with all of you ;-) 
xoxoxoxoxo <3<3<3<3<3 xoxoxoxoxo <3<3<3<3<3 ... and then some ;-)) 
Prayer chain needed ... Prayers need to go out for Audrin < PROPMALE > and her family . Her two year old daughter was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you don't know her , God knows her ... Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for this little girl ..... 
just finished watching 2001 : a space odessey ( turner classics , great sunday morning film ) .... after all these years it still ranks as one of the best sci-fi pix ever ... kubrick was brilliant ! 
whoo hooo ... tonight < PROPFIRST > celebrates turning 24 with her girlfriends ... have fun sweetie <3 
This is a FRIENDSHIP BALL ~~~~ Throw it back to someone else who means something to you ! ? A ball is a circle , no beginning , no end . It keeps us together like our circle of friends ......... xox *•??•* ¨*• . 
. ·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸PRAYER WAVE¸ . ·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸\ 
Going out to all those affected in Japan , the Pacific and everywhere else affected by the earthquake and tsunami . Keep this going ? 
feels like a psychadelic day ;-)) 
have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer . My wish is that 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . Do it for all . There are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting . 
Health is not simply the absence of sickness . \ -- < PROPFEMALE > Green " 
Public hearings in < PROPMALE > , LA , MS , TX , and DC on Gulf restoration planning . NOAA and other federal and state agencies will hold a series of meetings across the Gulf coast to get public input on what types of restoration should be undertaken to compensate for impacts to natural resources that were exposed to oil from the Deepwater BP oil spill . \ 
ADDITION < PROPMALE > INFO NEXT STATUS POST 
If you live near a hearing , we encourage you to attend to show your support for restoring the coastal environment . We can help you by providing talking points if you would like to speak ( please e-mail us at audubonaction@audubon.org with \Gulf Hearings\ " in the subject ) . More information and a list of hearings is available at the NOAA Gulf Spill Restoration website . " 
UH OH ... ITS TICK TIME :-( 
I wish the Rainbow Bridge had a phone ... so I could hear your bark again . I thought of you today ... but that's nothing new . I thought of you yesterday and the day before that too . I think of you in silence and often speak your name . All I have are memories and pictures in a frame . Repost if you have a pet over the Rainbow Bridge that you miss here on earth ? You will always be loved .. never forgotten . 
oi vey ... the novacaine is wearing off ... oral surgery today ... yikes ... thanks god for nitrous oxide .. tee < PROPFEMALE > ... 
no words to express my profound sadness at the passing of a very dear friend .. i will miss you so much < PROPMALE > .. 
I might not be someone's first choice , but I am a great choice . I don't pretend to be something I'm NOT because I'm good at being ME . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past . But I am proud of WHO I AM TODAY . Take me as I am or watch me as I walk away . Post this if your proud of being you 
ugh .. its snaining again ... more ain than sn though ... disgusting 
for anyone that was friends with < PROPMALE > KUSHNER as we mourn his passing ... i have posted on his FB < PROPFEMALE > also ... \ 
LIFE CELEBRATION at parents home this wed 4/6/11 ... 4-8 pm\ 
870 Cox Rd Moorestown NJ 08057\ 
casual dress please 
Courage doesn't always roar . \ 
Sometimes courage is the quiet voice\ 
at the end of the day saying , \ 
\I will try again tomorrow . \ " \ 
