New camera ! 

Cold bath and 8 year old Haitian rum . I'm set for the evening . 
is hoping Nag Champa staves off mosquitoes 
The court ordered traffic safety class was surprisingly awesome . 
My camera lens makes a grinding sound whenever I try to zoom ... I'm going to have to get it fixed . 
Just killed a fly with someone else's paperwork 
Need to decide if I want to go as Dr. Strangelove or something else for Halloween . 
Oh sweet , I can hide Farmville posts 
The trip to Centralia was amazing . Met a lot of wobs from < PROPFEMALE > and Canada , went to a show by Utah Phillips ' son after . 
Wondering how I'll combat insomnia tonight 
Go to the store , buy food and cook ... or be lazy and go out to eat ... 
Watched Minority Report earlier at work because it's soooo sloooow 
There's sheep across from my house . 
Does anyone have my paperback copy of Dreams of Being Eaten Alive ? I lent it to someone a long time ago and can't remember who 
Making something with squash 
My bicycle and I fear rain no more 
Eventually I'm going to have a day during which I don't have to bike six < PROPMALE > to run errands in town . Unfortunately that day is nowhere in sight . 
Internet's back . 
Getting ready for a funeral . I guess I'm wearing the rain jacket and putting my coat in the saddlebag . 
I let it be known that the chief purpose of the occasion was to display the talents of my chef , Sale , formerly with the < PROPMALE > d'Orleans , but I hinted to Goubouges that the final dish was likely to be one of an unusual nature . 
If I watched television or played video games I'm sure I'd get nothing done , ever . Now that raises the question of how I justify 3 hours a day just commuting for a low-pay split shit job ? 
I shouldn't talk about it yet , but I think I have a plan for the summer . < PROPFIRST > and I are both really excited about it . 
Today started off kind of sucky , but I feel pretty good about it now . I got a lot done . 
Second time I get a flat tire biking home in the rain at night . I met some transient guy on the bike path during the 4 mile walk home . Somehow , inexplicably , I knew what his name was even though I'd never met him before in my life . We talked about politics and work . His name was < PROPFIRST > . 
Went home feeling ill today . Stomach troubles . 
I love Portland . It's full of cool people . 
Well , my shotgun is dead . At least I wasn't using it to repel zombies when it broke . That would just be embarrassing . 
This is not going to be a relaxing weekend . 
The crazy preacher at PSU was stumped by the reference to Leviticus 11:23 ( don't eat four legged winged creatures ) . After comments of \Unicorns ! \ " and \ " Dragons ! \ " he finally realized : it's referring to Pterodactyls ! Yahweh doesn't want us eating pterodactyls . " 
I found a free smoker on the side of the road coming down to the office today . I can't wait to get it home - the potential is endless ! 
Looking at new parts to overhaul my recumbent's drivetrain . Terracycle idlers , new chainrings and cassette , and about ten feet of bike chain . Also thinking about a new seat . 
is only posting his status in quotes from U2 songs now 
All my bosses were out sick today . Amazingly , the place didn't burn to the ground . Who would have thought they're not really necessary after all ? 
My recumbent is off the road until I overhaul it . I'm currently riding a normal bicycle , upright with several gears and a freewheel and everything . Weird , huh ? 
Smoked pork enchiladas in the oven right now . After that , smoke some black truffle tobacco I picked up today with a glass of Spanish < PROPFEMALE > , and that's my weekend . 
Currently reading Zoroaster , a novel taking place after the fall of Babylon and following after the Biblical book of < PROPFIRST > . The book is from 1890 and it's pretty fascinating reading a 120 year old book taking place 2,000 + years ago . Even though so much is different , in both eras , people aren't really all that different . Just the setting changes . 
If I ever own a business , in addition to paid sick leave and holidays , I promise to offer one paid \had a dream I worked all day and woke up to find out I had to go to work\ " day . " 
Plans today : smoke a pork shoulder for dinner , clean the kitchen , organize my bedroom , vacuum the house , finish reports for the IWW , run to the store , do laundry . Geez . 
Today's protest of the police killing yesterday went surprisingly well . Despite 40 black bloc anarchists marching down Hawthorne we made it all the way to SE precinct with little more than a couple police run-ins ( despite thirty some patrol cars and cops in full riot gear ) . I honestly did not expect the demo to make it past 39th . 
My fixie is up and running again ! Time to go grab some beer and pretend I'm a hipster . 
Love is the law , love under will 
Nothing like a martini and a hot bath on a rainy day . Well , I'm sure there's better , but I'll pretend this is the pinnacle for now . 
Still struggling to get back into the swing of waking up before 11am . Damn you spring break . 
is going to start with the weekend with a martini , a shower , and read some Anais Nin with a big pot of tea while listening to the rain . Barring rain , Swedish industrial . 
I can't wait for the weather to get warmer and the rain to go away . I biked to the top of Powell Butte to sketch and was greeted by driving wind and rain . 
wants a drink but doesn't want to run to the store . Let's see ... vermouth and root beer ? Gin and iced tea ? Looking like a trip to the store . 
It's way to still outside right now . It's making me nervous . 
To me , spirituality is experiencing the world for what it is and not for what I wish it was . 
What are they doing at night in the park ? Ducks ; ducks , quack quack , quack quack Sneering and whispering and stealing your cars Reading pornography , smoking cigars Ducks ; ducks , quack quack , quack quack 
A week of 5am-11pm days is finally over . The shift I work tomorrow will feel like a day off . 
What a wonderful bike ride to work today ! It was a bit humid but the weather was great . 
Creationists make me angry . I think it's the arguments constructed entirely out of logical fallacy . 
I picked up some 300 thread count cotton sateen sheets today for super cheap . I'm going to go to bed and never leave . They're even paisley ! 
My bank is using logical paradox to charge me multiple fees . 
It's bittersweet letting go of something that has meaning to you , but today I've gained something far greater in exchange . 
We are made from scattered dead stars . It makes me feel connected to the vastness of space . 
I got two really nice cameras in trade yesterday , a Cannon and a Yashica-Mat . I've composed some nice shots with the cheap digital camera I own , now I'll have the < PROPMALE > to really learn . 
I apologize to everyone I have unwittingly exposed to this inane application . I swear ! I didn't know ! 
I actually woke up today more than half an hour before I need to leave the house ? Madness . 
This coming paycheck I am thinking about a new bedspread and a couple tattoos . And also the basic essentials I keep forgetting to buy because I'm a space . 
What is the ultimate truth about ourselves ? Various answers suggest themselves . We are a bit of stellar matter gone wrong . We are physical machinery - puppets that strut and talk and laugh and die as the hand of time pulls the strings beneath . But there is one elementary inescapable answer . We are that which asks the question . - Sir < PROPFIRST > Eddington 
It's mental health week ? Obviously that didn't figure into the 14 hour days I get to work this week . 
I decided to go vegetarian a couple weeks ago , and I am surprised at how little it's changed things . Except free meals at the ballpark . Those have gotten challenging . 
The Plaid Pantry near my house carries Lompoc and Ninkasi . Aww yeah . 
Nothing like an ice cold beer . ALL OVER THE INSIDE OF MY BAG . 
??? ?????? ??????. ?? ???????? ??????. ????? ????????. 
Quick run to the store , then it's finish up the chicken coop . 
I have half a dozen Riedel < PROPFEMALE > wine glasses for less than a dollar . God bless Goodwill . 
The full < PROPFEMALE > was illuminating the mists over the trail which were framed by the trees on < PROPFEMALE > butte . I hate having to bike four < PROPMALE > from the < PROPMALE > station to get home , but it's worth it . 
Westbro Baptist counter protest tomorrow . 5:30 - 6:00 pm 3225 SW Barbur and 7:30 - 8:00 825 NW 18th . We are bringing completely absurd signs . I'm trying to decide between \God made unicorns - Satan made them gay\ " or \ " Catholics ate Jesus \"." 
What a day . 
Get some breakfast , leave the house for the memorial day sale at Value Village . Then , clean the house for most of the day . 
The more I think about it the more the world becomes truly frightening . 
When I see two friends on facebook join the same group who I know from completely different places , I often wonder at what point did this flow of information branch off and meet these two people ? \ 
\ 
The human brain likes making connections and I want to see where these two people connect . The first and easiest answer though , of course , is through me . 
\Vegan places never serve pork . \"" 
An anarchist I talked to was in support of smashing the windows of Starbucks . I asked him , \what will you smash when the IWW wins and organizes Starbucks ? \ " His response ; \ " the State\ " . Naturally . " 
It is days like this I wish I just lived downtown . 
I am very much looking forward to Pedalpalooza . 
Fixed my recumbent today , and it's going back to the shop on Monday for a much needed overhaul . I should be getting it back in time for the world naked bike ride ! 
First Pedalpalooza ride today . Biked out to the Columbia and watched the sunset with a few cans of < PROPFEMALE > . 
I hate waking up feeling more drained than when I went to bed . 
I was expecting Apocalypse Now ! to be a war movie about Vietnam . I was not expecting it to turn into < PROPMALE>'s Inferno halfway through . Admittedly , that made it even better than I could have imagined . 
listen friends I have something important to share with you . BP has pushed through legislation that , with President Obama's support , will require all girls under the age of 34 to register with their local Dept . of Transportation , to track their gasoline usage statistics through facebook ! this is a gross invasion of privacy and no matter what side of the political fence you are on . 
Oh great . Because the amount of stuff I currently have to deal with is apparently not enough , I get to have a jury summons on top of that . Not very happy . 
A 22 oz . bottle of beer fits into my bike's water bottle holder better than my water bottle . Coincidence , or providence ? 
Most primitive societies spend 4 hours a day collecting resources necessary to survive . We sludge through a 40 hour work week , barely manage to get by , and still have 10.4% unemployment . I'm no primmie , but where did we go wrong ? 
Whaddaya know , that pocketwatch was in my coat pocket the whole time . Now if only I figured that out BEFORE running it through the wash ... 
What is this Portland ? You can pave brand new speed bumps on crappy streets but not pave the street ? At least you're getting on fixing the Springwater trail . 
Why yes , that is an air conditioning unit in the back of my closet . This must be my lucky day . 
I'm getting ready to grill some tempeh that's been marinating in < PROPFEMALE > puree , chili paste and orange pulp all day . But still have to decide ; quinoa , couscous , or sandwich ? 
\You'll work for decades to pay off debt that gave you the privilege of learning what people who don't have to work think about the world \"." 
Just saw a Blue Heron fly past my house . I love it out here . 
I was joking about having found the Necronomicon of visual < PROPMALE > in a free box . It turns out that was actually far closer to the truth than I could have realized . 
I now want to write a vegan cookbook titled the Veganomicon . 
I am going to jury duty on Monday . Does anyone know where I can get a black cross pin to wear ? AK press has a nice enamel and metal one but I don't have time to order it . 
I need there to be more hours in the day . 
Oh . The bugs are attracted to my bike light . My bike light is at the same level as my face . Suddenly it all makes sense . 
Almost done with the first volume of Anias Nin's journals . I love the look into the life of an artist in a period of history I'm fascinated by , and her style of writing is enchanting . 
Is there any food more perfect than banh mi ? I'm not sure there is . 
The creek is getting awfully close to the top of the bank and my backyard . 
I could go out into the snow and rain and cold and get things done , or I can stay inside sip tea and read . Was anything I needed to do more important than a good book ? No ? Inside it is . 
Turns out these Fostoria < PROPFEMALE > glasses I picked up at Value Village years ago sell for $39.00 each . Nice . 
