In life their are the < PROPMALE > s you take and the ones you don't and though you might not know what happens when you take that < PROPMALE > at least you'll know after you take it and you won't have to look back at what could've been a great opportunity and wonder 

havent been on facebook in a while , been busy 
my tv isnt fuckin working 
dont know what to do 
damn school starts in like a week and im not ready at all 
What to do when the world has got you down : unless you do something to make it better nothing is gonna happen , so get over it and go do something about it . 
Joker 
No more Joker . To bad 
Just saw < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s Infinite Playlist , had some epiphanies about life . It's been a good Day :) 
We are always getting ready to live but never living . 
Random things happening 
I dont update my status because i dont really see a point ... havent gotten any complaints until recently ... so i might do it more often ... maybe 
just chillin 
life is better when you decide you don't care 
\I love it\ " \ " ahh what is it\ " \ " youll figure it out\ " \ " figure what out ? dude i think u bin smokin too much \"" 
listenin to Green Day 
For the first time ever I'm technically grounded 
I love hockey except for the agonizing moments when no fighting is happening 
I might not look like much , but I'm a pro at pretending to be a ninja 
\Sarcasm it's the bodies natural defense against Stupidity \"" 
Automatic doors make feel like a Jedi 
Do what makes you happy . Be with who makes you smile . \ 
Laugh as much as you breathe . Love as long as you live . 
\You quit on your music no matter what . ' Cause anytime something bad happens to you that's the one place you can escape to and just let it go \"- August Rush " 
In case of emergency ... RUN LIKE HELL !!! 
Treat people as you would like to be treated . < PROPFEMALE>'s only a B*tch if you are . 
True friendship isn't being inseperable it's being seperated and nothing changes 
Saw the A-team today . Badass Movie 
\Have you ever anted to talk to someone so much but were afraid they wouldnt want to talk to you\ " ? \ " All the time \"." 
Laugh your heart out , Dance in the rain , Cherish the moment , Ignore the pain , Live , Laugh , Love , Forgive and Forget , Life's to short to be living with regrets ... 
Life would be so much easier if people didnt obsess so much over the little shit 
Tomorrow is going to be Badass 
Just got back and now im watchin futurama 
< PROPFEMALE > La Bam ... Is there anyone as crazy awesome as Bam Margera 
Why did Eminem recover from the Relapse , because he knew that the Recovery would be so much better 
\Who hates having to work on the weekends\ " ? ( hands up ) " 
I feel like ..... doing nothing 
watching < PROPFIRST > watching < PROPFIRST > watching squirrels fight 
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger . Than it hit me . 
The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music . 
Give a man a match , and he'll be warm for a minute , set that man on fire , and he'll be warm for the rest of his life . 
For anyone who complains about going back to school , just be happy that your not going back to school on your birthday like me 
Im so tired i have no idea what to do with my life right now 
It may look like I'm doing nothing , but I'm actively waiting for my problems to go away . 
If my calculations are correct SLINKY + ESCULATOR = EVERLASTING FUN 
So much is goin on right now , some of us just need to chill out and slow down and think about what's really important in this life . 
Don't sweat the petty things , and don't pet the sweaty things . 
If pro is opposite of con , then what is the opposite of progress ? 
Everyone is entitled to be stupid , but some abuse the privilege . 
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion . It's just that yours is stupid . 
I don't suffer from insanity . I enjoy every minute of it . :) 
After ( M)onday and ( T)uesday even the week says WTF !! 
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common . They should both be changed regularly , and for the same reason . Like if you get it :) 
Your lucky number is 32345543423225 . Watch for it EVERYWHERE . 
I would personally like to thank you-know-who ( Voldemort ) for my phone getting turned back on . Thank you and have a Very Potter Musical :) 
Haikus are easy . But sometimes they don't make sense . Refrigerator . :) 
It has taken me all my life to understand that it is not necessary to understand everything . 
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police . 
There is a light at the end of every tunnel .... just pray it's not a train 
Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . 
We never really grow up , we only learn how to act in public . 
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit ; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad . 
A chubby man with a white beard and a red suit will approach you soon . Avoid him . He's a Commie . 
Pretty much aced all my finals so far . Heres hoping the last one doesn't sneak up on me and bite me in the ass . 
If God is watching us , the least we can do is be entertaining . 
It always seems like a good idea until the morning after . 
Don't drink and park - accidents cause people . Like if you get , comment , I guess , if you don't 
Hanging out tonight , but I'd rather do something besides watching a movie or goin to a party . Is it bad that I feel like doing something original for a teenager ? I don't think so . :P 
If ur anything like me you've spent the last 2 snowdays doing things that probably did the opposite of improving your higher brain function and you also believe that it is pointless to go back to school for one day before what is a three day weekend for St. Pats . It's not like they think we have better things to do or anything . : I 
I have a splitting headache right now and it kinda sucks . 
Lazy Days ....... uhhh 
No one likes a smartass , \ 
Especially another smartass . \ 
Unless they have their own TV show , then they're a comic genius . 
So my Phone is gone forever ........................ and now I am sad . :( 
I'm on a total my chemical romance craze right now , and i can't stop listening to them : J 
