is liking his schedule for school this year 

is liking his schedule for school this year , and that they changed chemistry to just one period 
was extremely pleased with how the musical went 
was impressed with little big town 
is not very happy with how much they messed up the players ratings on madden 10 for ps2 
kinda wants to take a chair over the head of who ever was in charge of player ratings for madden on ps2 
is very disappointed in < PROPMALE > castille 
forgot how tight are football pants are .... 
is gettin pumped for the scrimmage 
had the goods in the bag but the cat got out ... 
was overall pleased with how the scrimmage went 
jammed his ring finger ... 
500 yards total offense .... 
good job steelers ..... hoping polamalu's knee isn't serious 
is ready to beat on some trojans 
thinks suh needs to quit trying to knock down passes so much ( he does do a good job though ) and get more sacks 
is watching Dragon Ball Z in music theory 
und shit .... 
had fun picking pumpkins and eating smores 
is laying bed wondering if its possible to have a room any messier than his .... 
is impressed with the broncos .... and thinks they need to get buckhalter more involved 
is gonna be sore 
wow 
didnt think it was possible to have -8 turnovers 
gets too see < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > in a month :) 
is likin the steelers defense 
was liking the steelers defense 
Bam LaMarr Woodley !!!! 
how often do they crowd around an injured official ? 
BAM STEELERS !!! 
wishes he got paid to write terrible screenplays too 
is very impressed with the ravens 
loves rotisserie chicken from super foods :) 
Hurray Saints !!! 
wishes he was like < PROPFIRST > gerhart 
wishes he was like < PROPFIRST > gerhart ...... and that he had a welsh corgi 
SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHH 
doesn't know why they talk about mccoy going to new york , nebraska's whole dline should be going 
at least our defense was epic 
it will be the greatest crime in the history of mankind if McCoy finishes higher than Suh in the hesiman standings 
Suh > McCoy 
its all obama's fault that we lost 
Dang it Blayne Gabbert if you hadn't decomitted from us to play for the sea of pee we would have a good quarterback and would have won !!!!! 
likes how we lost and still jumped up 2 spots in the rankings 
Hurray Suh's a Heisman Finalist !!!!!! 
puppy chow :) 
im still proud of you suh , congrats ingram 
thinks his sister is rockin awesome 
won a 5 lb hershey bar :) 
loves his takamine .... and 5 lb hershey bar 
is thinking that the bucs need to hire Cowher to head coach and draft suh next year 
Got a 27 on the ACT .... and wonders what he could get if he didn't score 23's on science and math 
cant say he's ever used a hammer to eat a < PROPFEMALE > bar before 
was impresse with sherlock holmes 
Thinks Burkehead should just play quarterback all the time 
woohoo goose egg 
thanks for the bday wishes everyone !!! 
thinks its funny that people think that facebook is gonna start charging people , and that they think by joining a petition group they can prevent it 
bowled two turkeys today 
bowled two turkeys today , and ate a whole large pizza by myself 
Go Saints !!!! 
Hurray Saints !!!!! 
was pleased with how the musical went 
caught a touchown pass from burkhead and intercepted hagg 
is watching blazing saddles 
hurray saints , nothing better than seeing manning crying 
is visiting Concordia today 
Bily < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in 5 days .... :) 
4 more days .... 
thinks its funny that people believe that facebook is actually gonna shut down accounts if they dont send out more notifications 
might have just had the most boring day ever ..... 
< PROPFIRST > Joel/Elton < PROPFIRST > Concert tomorrow and miss 1 and half days of school ..... yeah .... 
is hoping the bucs can trade up and get suh #1 ..... 
4 hour < PROPFIRST > Joel/Elton < PROPFIRST > concert + Chiptle + new piano music + Free Ihop Pancakes + playing on 9 foot Steinway grand piano = Extremely good reason to miss 1 and half days of school 
is happy to see that suh kicked mccoys ass in the combine 
had fun rocking climbing and having acupuncture 
has 5 stitches in on his < PROPFEMALE > 
does not like feeling dehydrated 
is overhaulin his bedroom 
just got done taking out his stitches by himself 
< PROPFIRST > 12 string ...... me gusta 
has a new found apreciation for those who run the 800 
loves doing nothing but music all day 
Happy Easter 
sinuses are stupid 
' s got a fever , and the only perscription is ..... more cowbell 
Was very impressed with how the show went 
got to break the tape today :) 
boo chemistry 
has been up for 24 hours straight , time to go to bed ... 
good job 2 act people 
is pleased with how the track meet went 
is now a lions fan 
wow < PROPMALE > 
is hoping the ravens pick up asante 
is happy to see dillard got drafted sooner than expected 
is watching district 9 
stupid chemistry 
im tired ..... i think ill go home now . 
stupid chemistry .... 
mattress on floor makes not as good of bed as it may seem 
is watching gladiator 
supposes he should get his chemistry done since < PROPMALE > informed him that it will be done by class tomorrow 
excited for show choir tomorrow ... 
is pleased with how the show went last night 
boo rolling stones top 500 song list 
just got done with his first school board meeting .... should be a fun year 
well its nice to know we for sure wont have to play the excuse for a football that boulder is ..... 
gonna be a great week ..... 
8 string guitar ? yes i think so 
me gusta 8 string 
< PROPMALE > of persia .... might be the worst movie of all time 
the road , everything a movie should be ....... prince of persia , not so much 
shingles dropped off roof hurt 
baby's black baboon makes her cry 
nike free run .... me gusta 
Yay Zune 
me gusta music theory 
still can only sleep in till 730 . oh darn 
giddy with excitement to watch t-mart run all over w . kentucky next saturday 
is thinking civil war is gonna kick butt 
knew it would be t magic , and is so far impressed :) 
just like to point out that he predicted martinez would be the starter and would have over 100 yards rushing , just came true 
well be extremely happy if ku beats gtech 
hmmm so does < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > university deserve to be in the national championship now too ? 
crazzzy movie 
well dang 
wait ..... why is washington favored to win ? a mediocre pac 10 team vs top 10 big 12 ? 
1st interception of many i hope ..... 
BAMMMMMMMMMM 
3 touchdowns , in 2 different states , in one game . 
thank you crosby stills nash and young , for creating my most favorite song 
well no guitar yet ...., but at least i can make my own peanut butter sandwich :) 
is thinkin that maybe zac < PROPFIRST > should reclaim the starting job ..... make tmart our gadget player 
well as much as i dislike the patriots im liking that they actually use woodhead 
is thinkin this could be a year again where who ever wins between the ravens and steelers will emerge world champions 
put his shirt on by myself this morning ...... success . 
done with that stupid history assignment 
2 hours of guitar playin , 0 hours of homework done ...... id call it a good night . 
is thinking his brace can screw off from now on 
lotro :) 
Unicycle :) 
all state 
is accepted by concordia university :) 
I suppose next saturday is the game of the new century 
how can the top recruiting team in the country not even get to a bowl , the year after they got runner up ? 
is amazed at how serious people can take one act plays 
doesn't quite understand how changing his profile picture to a cartoon is gonna help fight child abuse . 
done with online history ..... now if i can only make it through this semester of trig 
10-3 Nebraska vs 6-6 Washinginton in the Holliday Bowl . how much more messed up could college football be ???? 
no rivalry in sports is better than the steelers vs ravens right now , never fails to be a low scoring , hard hitting game 
haha texas is gonna suck even more now that their best coach is off to florida 
needs ideas for songs to arrange ... 
dang it ekeler why do you have to leave .... 
me gusta mi djembe drum 
it cannot be put into words how enjoyable it is to watch mizzou lose ... especially due to 2 key interceptions by decommit gabbert 
thanks espn ..... first we have to wait for a bowl game between two 6-6 teams , now you make us watch a womens basketball game ..... 
Dear Lord , the battles we go through life , \ 
We ask for a < PROPMALE > that’s fair\ 
A < PROPMALE > to equal our stride , \ 
A < PROPMALE > to do or dare\ 
If we should win , let it be by the code , \ 
Faith and Honor held high\ 
If we should lose , we’ll stand by the road , \ 
And cheer as the winners go by\ 
Day by Day , we get better and better ! \ 
Till’ we can’t be beat – Won’t Be Beat ! 
wants to slap anyone who seriously thinks < PROPMALE > is gonna leave for lsu 
only dos mas dias de trig . muy bien :) 
is ready to watch the best rivalry in all of sports 
well < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > you are a the biggest tool to ever coach a football team but if you beat the patriots it will be much easier for the steelers 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is terrible at avoiding sacks 
Steelers D > Jets D 
Rashard Mendenhall = beast 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > = Idiot ... do the world a favor and get out of football 
The Perfect Superbowl , my favorite team from each conference . and i called it at the beginning of the season 
wishes he could see suh in mma 
yeaaaaah steelas 
the steelers should do themselves a favor and draft henery in at least the second round 
well darn ... good job packers 
wishes he could be in little big town ..... 
it is a sad when i can finish a rotisserie chicken off by myself ... however i will excuse myself due to the fact i had 2 bowls of lucky charms right before it 
HATES cheap hotel pillows that put your head at 90 degree < PROPFEMALE > .... 
< PROPFIRST > clapton 
country strong was a surprisingly good movie 
sitting in < PROPFEMALE > , sipping a shake , playing my mini guitar , and reading the news .... sure beats being in school 
feels incredibly good after an incredibly sucky workout 
wishes he could play a harmonica like < PROPFIRST > wonder on sting's brand new day 
great day in music 
eight 1st places , one 3rd place , good day i think 
I cant wait to sleep in the same bed as < PROPFIRST > Almanza !!! :) 
only 18 more days left of high school .... no more 5 day weeks ..... 
after tomorrow will have run every track trace there is to run except the 100 and 200 
music , church , and < PROPFEMALE > pong ...... all i plan on doing at college next year 
only in < PROPFEMALE > could you steal and a laptop and , instead of going to jail , transfer colleges and then become the number 1 pick in the nfl draft 
< PROPFIRST > helu couldn't be in much better hands 
woohoo < PROPFIRST > henery !!! 
helu and gomes on the same team ? you better believe im a redskin fan now 
helu , gomes , and niles < PROPFIRST > all on the same team now ?? you betttter believe im a redskin fan 
has run his last 800 ever 
sometimes you just cant beat some creamy jiff on butter top wheat 
Will miss his laptop 
forgot how confusing inception is 
Branson 
there is no place like nebraska 
hurray skype 
me gusta playing pipe organ 
is calling right now that starling will be a husker , some people just recognize theres better things than money 
me gusta streaming netflix 
soooooooo bored 
loves watching pickles the cat hunt moths 
caught 3 northern pike out of cox's ponds with nothing but a seine net and bare hands .... and < PROPMALE > Spady 
never knew how fun kite flying could be 
sometimes a man just has to listen to a lil keb ' mo 
soooo bored . college should start tomorrow 
Loves singing in < PROPFEMALE > at church with < PROPFEMALE > Christensen 
Will be performin solo at the Country House restaurant in Champion this friday and saturday from roughly 6pm-9 . Come and get something good to eat and listen to piano , guitar , harmonica , and singing . Other performers will be featured during the night . 
is apalled that rotten tomatoes gives hp 7.2 a 96% . garbage . 
eh who needs a muffler on their pickup anyways ... 
That makes 3 weeks in a row where the fundamentalist pastors in our community have failed to mention Christ in their religious article in the paper . Seems to defeat the purpose of a christian aritcle to me ....... 
nobody does harmonies as good as CSN ..... nobody 
is pretty much at the best college ever 
150 foot slip n slide ? Yes . 
martinez needs to sit .... 
steelers are beast 
