thinks it would be really great if the cowboys won tomorrow and < PROPFEMALE > . and Ariz . That way we would be the #2 seed in the NFC . that is one of 8 scenarios . the others would have Dal . vs . GB 1/8 times , Dal . vs . < PROPFEMALE > 3/8 , Dal . vs . < PROPMALE > 2/8 , and Dal vs . Ariz . 1/8 . for more details just ask 

had a pretty good night . 
is going to have a heck of a day trying to get everything packed so i can move out of the dorm 
has moved out of the dorm ... thank goodness 
go < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , anquan boldin and < PROPFIRST > gore !!! my fantasy life depends on you 
loves Bwings and of course the hammer 
thinks it's absolutely crazy that the rivals of the two high schools that i went to both won state championships this year . stupid abilene and < PROPFEMALE > 
loves the snow , but it is really stressing me out 
Apartment is finally clean(enough ) to have people over 
if anyone knows any job openings for anything let me know .. i would like to avoid being a waiter or doing retail though . thanks 
hopes he can get a job in DFW 
anyone who lives in texas and wants to trash talk the cowboys or any other texas sports team should move to oklahoma with all the other retards 
ugh ... jury duty tomorrow ... again 
really wishes someone would call me about a job . i'm tired of the applications 
wants to go see Book of < PROPMALE > . who wants to go with me ? 
loves Journey 
The Book of < PROPMALE > was good . go see it 
is glad he can be totally neutral for this super bowl . It'd be great to see Peyton win another ring while it would also be pretty cool to see the city of New Orleans get a title after all they've gone through 
really wants to play < PROPFEMALE > wars episode 1 racer on the N64 . it is one of the best racing games i've ever played 
does it make me a nerd to be ranked 159 on something on xbox live ? does it help if i had no idea what i was doing ? 
i'm a banana 
olympics are in a few days . are you going to watch ? 
I've got one interview next week and most likely a 2nd . I hope they go well 
canada always manages to prove they are more weird than i thought 
the olympics are my < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPFIRST > White is crazy good . 
gosh , USA finally won a game of curling 
loves curling . i think i'm finally starting to understand the strategy of the game 
so i have found 2 possibilities of me making the olympics in 4 years . either get really good at curling or be that big guy who sits in the back of the 2 man bobsled . perhaps i'll do both 
stupid bird bit me 
would like to remind everyone there is a hide option on facebook which means you can hide any person or application from your news feed . get to know the site a little better before you start complaining . go ahead , hide me to test it out 
His name is < PROPFIRST > Paulson 
FFXIII , why must you bring out the nerd in me ? 
drug test = job . right ? 
iphone in 2 days ... i know , i gave in to the dark side . something that < PROPMALE > couldn't do 
finally has a job 
orientation on monday and i start workin on wednesday ! bout time 
job training tomorrow . no more free loading for me 
out of the 4-5 million brackets filled out this year on ESPN , mine is ranked 27,390 . It's crazy how this is the year i payed the least amount of attention to the tournament and this is the best bracket i've ever had . thank you butler 
is going to die a lonely man if he keeps working these hours 
Bayern in the semis !!! take it manU 
Was told he has to work til 7:30 am this morning . I've been working since 7 pm . I have no idea what they're going to have me do . I've done all I've been trained to do . Also , I didn't bring anything to eat . I thought I'd be here less than 6 hours 
had a great day , but is not going to have a very fun night at work 
won his fantasy basketball league this year ! I finished with a record of 119-41 and won the last game 8-0 . BALLIN !!! lol 
I hate it when the anticipation of something really screws up your sleep . I'm not gonna make it through the night 
Is going to marry < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . I hope she knows this 
didn't accept the job in Mesquite .... not enough hours . If you know of an opportunity in DFW let me know . 
Lesson of the day : do not eat more than one bowl of jumbalaya before work , you will regret it . 
Has lost faith in the man car . I have seen way too many girls driving the new camaro around . This leaves just one man car left . If I tell you what it is , I will see a bunch of girls driving it around next week 
i have today/tomorrow off !! i've been working for nearly a month and only had 4 or 5 days off 
needs more people to play Words With Friends with !!! my name is GingerAvenger 
Bayern is in the Champions League final !!!!! 
is terrible at words with friends . if you wanna beat me my name is GingerAvenger 
hates how i work 10 times harder than people that make 3 times more money .... this hiring freeze needs to end 
I love Zooey Deschanel 
every once in a while I'll watch a comedy and indstead of laughter , although there is usually some laughter , I get kinda depressed . It's like I'm watching a movie about me and the unfornate things about me . 
Thinks the batting stance guy is the coolest dude ever 
could have died tonight . on my way to work an 18 wheeler drifted onto the median and then jerked out right in front of me . I thought it was going to see it flip over on its side . It was nearly a scene straight out of Final Destination 
Bayern wins the double !!! the treble will come next week !! 
This is going to be a long terrible week ... 
A moth flew up my nose tonight ... It was traumatizing 
you know you're having a pretty bad week when 2 different bugs fly up your nose on 2 different days ... 
will someday own a Dodge Challenger . It's only a matter of time 
is glad < PROPMALE > Hicks has decided not to run anymore teams into the ground . STAY AWAY FROM SPORTS < PROPMALE > HICKS 
wants an english bulldog 
anyone know of any good cheap apartments in abilene ? 
it was a good night 
i'm lovin incubus right now 
Stayin late tonight . Hate it now , but will like it when I get the paycheck . 
Big XII is dead , but the world cup starts tomorrow so I'll be fine 
I would complain about work some more , but I already know what all the comments will be and I don't really wanna hear it 
PISSED !!!! 
What makes ABC think they can get away with telling you that a game will start at 12:30 , but instead show an hour of pregame ? They do this for every sporting event . Dumb ! 
that was the longest night ever .... at least i got paid 
the Big XII is staying together minus Colorado and Nebraska !!! i'll miss Nebraska , but who cares about Colorado ? i say we add TCU and < PROPMALE > and move OK St and OU up to the north division and have all texas schools in the south 
Really tired . Lookin like 50+ hours this week 
That referee made me sick to my stomach . An entire country was robbed today 
Wants to go to six flags this week 
Uruguay v . South Korea and USA v . Ghana . I like our chances at getting to the semis 
I move into my apartment in a month . There's a lot of nervous excitement 
< PROPMALE > high really screwed me up 
USA v . Ghana tomorrow at 1:30 . everyone must watch it !!! 
doesnt have to work July 4th !! freakin sweet 
sometimes having red hair puts me at a < PROPMALE > disadvantage ... 
could really use a truck in the coming weeks 
man you really freak me out 
Got a good deal on a couch and a jumbo recliner today , I just have to wait 2 and a half weeks to use them 
if you're going to have an application process online and not offer it offline you would think that it might work . soooo frustrated right now 
is gonna buy a lot of apartment stuff tomorrow . bye bye money 
had one of the most productive sundays in a long time . can't wait til saturday 
Boo staying late 
soooo tired and running out of time to get everything together before saturday morning 
My mom says I listen to druggy music . She might be right 
No Internet til Tuesday . Ugh 
stressed !!! and so tired 
Knows how to play his cards 
Wanted : someone to cook me food 
i had a dream that i was running away from something and < PROPFEMALE > from the office chased me down and tackled me . weird 
There's not enough time in the day to do everything and be lazy 
50 hour week over ... new long week starts in 14 hours 
Why is < PROPFEMALE > the head of the party planning committee ? I nominate < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
cooking and cleaning takes too much time ... i feel like a woman 
Saturdays are supposed to be the easiest day of the week at work , but I have a feeling tonight will be hell 
bought a lot of food tonight . too bad walmart runs out of a lot of things i want by sunday night .... 
And I thought I was lazy ... 
I attempted to make over medium eggs today ... They didn't look too good but they tasted alright 
netflix on iphone !! shyeah 
For my birthday I either want someone to do my dishes or 1 million plates and bowls 
one of my cup holders broke in my car ... i guess it's time for a new car 
Sweet ! ESPN fantasy football app 
< PROPFEMALE > is kinda dumb .. better than twitter though 
Why on earth would a co-worker ask you if he could go to the restroom ? He was completely serious 
Weezer-Hurley . btw , Lost is awesome 
6 years ago , Oceanic flight 815 crashed somewhere in the south pacific . Let's all take a few moments to remember 
I hate the hospital , I'm tired of waiting for my 2:45 appointment to start . Don't worry there's nothing wrong , just pre-employment stuff 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . i really appreciate it 
The people who live around me have serious relationship issues 
Apartment is finally clean .... Well , clean enough 
Beard is gone indefinitely . New job starts tomorrow 
Can't wait to get training over with and just start working 
No Fun League 
Finally figured out a decent living room set up 
honestly never thought i'd see the day . wow 
34 hours until I can rest after 10 days of working ... 
I will be hiring a girlfriend for Christmas this year . If you're interested or know someone let me know . I'm tired of being singled out because I'm single 
i never thought i'd be ranked #1 on a leaderboard on xbox live . how should i feel about it ? 
i love cooler weather because it doesn't matter if you get a stain on your shirt . you can just put a sweatshirt or a jacket on over it 
For 2 years now I've been saying tashard choice is our best RB . Why won't anyone listen 
i'm thinking about selling both of my aging computers to buy one really awesome one . is there any place in abilene that will buy old computer stuff ? 
i made myself one heck of a dinner tonight . Turkey < PROPFEMALE > , fire roasted vegies , mashed potatoes and cheese and < PROPMALE > biscuits . 
my new laptop is sweeeet 
Working on Saturday is pointless . I wish I could fast forward to Christmas 
i think i just saw the original black ranger on a bank of < PROPFEMALE > commercial ... i could be wrong 
I never thought sweet tea could be too sweet . I was just proven wrong 
23 hours to happiness 
i need to wrap presents ... i need someone to wrap my presents for me 
not a fan of the NFL Network 
So out of shape compared to last month . Holidays really kicked me in the butt 
there is only one NFC team that is worthy of the Super Bowl this year . As long as it's Atlanta vs . anyone from the AFC besides the Jets I'll be fine 
it's nice when you can win $40 from fantasy football 
if the next 3 weeks go as well as it did today and last week , I could be looking at a decent raise . 
sometimes i work too hard 
week 1- +$400\ 
week 2- -$400\ 
\ 
as long as i'm even at the end of 4 weeks i get a raise . this week sure was rough 
It's always this time of year when I think girl scout cookies are God's gift to the earth , until 2 days later 2 boxes of thin mints have been inhaled . That's when I realize girl scout cookies come from hell 
is dumb for signing up for trial memberships then forgetting about it .... 
I got my raise . I'm awesome 
Great , now I have to work saturday 
walked to the office to pay rent and came to the conclusion that i wasn't leaving the apartment today 
1 . Sex Bob-Omb is awesome . so is Clash at the Demonhead ( Metric)\ 
2 . I don't think I can date anyone unless i get to defeat 7 evil exes . \ 
3 . I'm awesome 
I'm officially over this whole snowpocalypse thing 
tried to go to work today , but drove around the block and came back because i ain't that crazy 
not really happy the packers won , but glad the steelers lost 
sitting across the street from the north side walmart tomorrow . come by and buy some schwans 
totally sun burnt ... not cool 
i'm awesome 
i get a free home theater system !!! 
well , my streak of good days had to come to an end at some point . it was a good run 
< PROPFEMALE > Italian ice is the best thing that ever happened to my belly 
I was top salesman in the depot today for the first time . Also , one of my customers made me some dynamite enchiladas 
Dodge Ram 1500 or Dodge Challenger R/T ? 
i hate jealous SOB's 
i could use a week off . this week has taken a lot out of me 
i hate it when my family doesn't answer their phones !! how am i supposed to catch up with you people 
is cloning possible yet ? i sure could use a second me to go to work tomorrow while i take some time off . 
Had a good time making a fool of myself with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > tonight 
Shaolin Soccer is still awesome after 7 years 
punishment for leaving my freezer open all night is peanut butter and < PROPFEMALE > for dinner . yay 
i saw a ferrari while i was driving my schwans truck . it turned before i got a < PROPMALE > to race it 
the version of freak on a leash with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is terrible 
so glad i wasn't at my apartment when the hail storm hit . so many cars have their windshields busted 
