doesn't like it when she and her BFF are both feeling down . :-( 

wants to run away . 
is horrified by the ignorance and prejudice that still exists today . 
is pondering . 
just hit the gym really hard . Ahhh ...! 
felt like barfing at the gym today . Perhaps I overdid it a little . :-/ 
can't wait for her BFF to come visit in August !! San < PROPFIRST > here we come ! :-D 
had a great night out with friends , old and new . I really needed this . :-) 
it's offici < PROPMALE > - I will be in SF with my BFF Aug 19-23 . Now I need to make a list of < PROPMALE > l the yummy places we must EAT and < PROPMALE > l the fun places we have to go to ( it's her first time visiting the Bay Area and I'm trying to get her to move there ! ) . Any and < PROPMALE > 
had a FB rant this morning about people trying to get my cous to buy a puppy from a pet store on impulse . It's ignorance and irresponsibility like that that is the reason there are so many dogs in the kill shelters ! :-( 
is going to Yardhouse in a couple hours . Yum !! :-D 
had another FB rant today ( two in one week ! ) . This one was about why we should or shouldn't have universal health care . Umm , why is this even a debate ??? 
hates everything and everyone today . GRRR !! I think I need to hit the gym tonight ... 
super yummy food and sangria at lunch makes brief-writing in the afternoon difficult . :-) 
found a sticker that said \Wed\ " halfway through my salad at lunch today . It's nice when chefs find creative ways to remind you what day it is and let you know that their ingredients are fresh . And when you get a free lunch because of it . :-) " 
gym , lunch , errands , dinner party , GO ! 
rant #3 , on why we shouldn't require welfare recipients to undergo random drug testing 
had a great workout tonight . I feel really good and I finally managed to finish an entire session with my new trainer ! :-D 
is officially on vacation for the next three weeks !!! YAY ! :-D 
my throat hurts from telling stories and laughing all night , but overall a great ending to an interesting saga ! I love you guys !!! :-) 
sleep in , gym , lunch , quality time with < PROPFEMALE > , then drive down to OC to < PROPFEMALE > with Claire-bear = a great Saturday . :-) 
is so sad to be home from the Bay Area and missing her BFF already . Sucks that she lives 3,000 < PROPMALE > away ! :-( 
was a hermit for two and a half days and now I'm feeling more like myself again . 
every girl needs a great guy friend to gab with once in a while . Thanks , E ! :-) 
September is birthday month - another fun night out with the girls ( and a couple of guys) !! :-) 
( edit ) is work , phone date , gym , watch football while doing more work . 
is working , working , working ... 
can't listen to the 21 Guns song anymore . Why is it that radio stations always overplay Green Day ? 
Jupiter and Beckett's with < PROPFEMALE > last night , and < PROPFIRST>'s in SF with < PROPFIRST > for lunch today . Whoa , < PROPMALE > Bay Area nostalgia ! 
needs a break after this case is finished . Back to SF in the morning ... 
is going to Thalassa in Berkeley tonight . Yay for my old favorite pool bar ! :-) 
had a sucky-McCrapperstein kind of day . :-( 
is thinking if you know me at all , you'd know that the WORST way to try to get me to do something I don't want to do is to push , nag , cajole , harass , pester , insult , berate , or guilt trip me . Doing any of those things is taking the fast train straight to the wrath of < PROPFEMALE > ! :-( 
is trying to get motivated to do these discovery responses . They're really not that bad , but ... blechhh . 
anyone wanna go with me to the Cal/UCLA game at the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl on Oct . 17 ?? 
does anyone have an amazing chili recipe you'd be willing to share ? Chili cook-off fundraiser next weekend ! Rules : no beans , no canned ingredients . 
found out at 2:30 pm that , because of the stupid court furlough day , her opp briefs are due TODAY . FML , I need the weekend now ! 
in < PROPMALE > pain from Sunday's session with my trainer , but I brought my gym stuff with me to work and I'm determined to go to the gym tonight . If this MSJ doesn't kill me first . :-) 
is looking forward to going to the Dodger game tomorrow . Thanks G&S - look for me in the stands ! :-) 
gym time , then work . Go Bears ! - you better beat those stupid baby bruins !! 
has rubber arms from the gym , sliced my pinky really badly cutting < PROPFEMALE > peppers ( probably due in part to the rubber arms ) , and needs to start working again . Sooo many hours of work to do before tomorrow . Wahh !! 
wants to cry . Why are there neverending motions to write ?? And why is it always the same people at the office late ? :-( 
sees the light at the end of this MSJ tunnel . Yippee ! There will be more tunnels to come next week ... but for now , celebration ! :-) 
is feeling cheery . Yay Friday ! 
can't work anymore , can't work anymore , don't wanna work at all ! 
Too much work is driving me to drink . Really don't think this is a good thing . :-/ 
Ack , someone in my office has swine flu ! And all the attorneys were closed up in a small conference room with her yesterday . Uh oh ... :-( 
got a massage and facial , then had a post-massage dip in the hot tub , and reeeeeeally don't feel like working now ! Hmm ... guess I'll order food and procratinate a little more in front of the TV . :-) 
is recovering from working the last 29 days straight . 
yay Friday ! - looking forward to a fun sports weekend . :-) 
The coffee mug that I randomly grabbed from the office kitchen says \Stress is the confusion created when one's mind overrides the body's basic < PROPFEMALE > to choke the hell out of someone who desperately deserves it . \ " Ha !! :-) " 
saw a guy beat his baby mama today on my way home from work . She was trying to get him to put out his cigarette because she's pregnant . Perhaps this is < PROPFEMALE > for my previous status update ? :-( 
just saw the most amazing rainbow outside of my office window . Will post pics later ! 
loves the new Blackberry Bold 9700 ! If you do a lot of typing on your phone , I highly recommend it . :-) 
is frustrated at lawyers who don't know how to lawyer . WTF !! :-( 
The next time I volunteer to redesign the firm letterhead , someone please stop me ! Trying to get a group of attorneys to agree on anything is a frustrating exercise in futility . 
shoot me . :-( 
yay for Sunday ice skating and happy hour with < PROPFEMALE > , then hanging out with my < PROPFEMALE > ! :-) 
DineLA at Water Grill tonight - yummers !! 
saw another DV situation outside my office today . Girl crying , boy chasing after her and grabbing her , girl telling boy to leave her alone . Dozens of people stopped on the street to watch . :-( 
Happy new year and happy < PROPFIRST>'s day everyone ! <3 
farmers ' market tonight for some yummy food and then TV and bed picnic !! :-) 
is looking forward to my first weekend without work in 2010 , but a bit disappointed that it'll be rainy . Oh well , cozy couch time it is ! :-) 
working late on Friday night and all weekend sucks whole a lot less with my new MacBook Pro ! :-) 
I'm not sure I've ever needed a vacation this badly before ... Oh wait , I probably did during MSJ hell . Or motion hell . Or discovery hell . Is this really what I signed up for when I went to law school ?? 
doesn't like having only 46 hours to respond to an \emergency\ " motion in the 9th Circuit . Vacation is officially over ! " 
does not like April Fools Day . 
Love Justice Stevens . Dammit , we need a CONSERVATIVE justice to retire , not another liberal one !! 
is in a blechhhh kind of mood . 
is laughing at the sheer ridiculousness of it all . :-) 
is still laughing at something that Aki did . :-P 
is really upset . 
thinks Arizona's residents should all flee in protest . 
omg , I love The Hills !!! hahahaha 
wonders if there really is such a thing as \normal\ " and if it should be something to strive for . " 
needs to do a crapload of First Amendment research by Monday morning is trying to dredge up old concepts of content-based/content-neutral and time , place , and manner restrictions from law school . :-/ 
If your significant other had a piece of burrito rice stuck to his/her < PROPFEMALE > , would you ( a ) tell him/her , ( b ) wipe it off , or ( c ) laugh and take a picture ?? Thanks babe , thanks . :-P 
is drinking coffee for the first time in more than a decade , just so I can stay awake in this depo . 
is finished with liars . 100% DONE . 
email from my mom ( who , previously , was deathly afraid of dogs ) after watching my puppy for a week : \Ava and I are having a great 
Siva Sundaram , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Canlas , < PROPFEMALE > Harmer , Carmen-Ita Mcdonald-Goldberg - I love you girls !!! <3 
I guess if I was a Laker fan I'd be pretty upset about some of the calls in the 4th quarter . Except I'm not a Laker fan . :-) 
is feeling mopey . 
is at the Dodger game . I'm gonna look like a lobster tomorrow , but at least it's a good game ! Booooooo Yankees ! 
5 < PROPMALE > briefs due by July 19 , and I'm halfway through the first one . SHOOT ME . 
cried in the shower for 30 minutes this morning . 
is going in for The Works massage tomorrow morning , courtesy of my firm . I deserve it , dammit ! Then I will proceed to work the rest of the weekend . 
is stuck at a sobriety checkpoint in South Pas at 8 pm . WTF , I was in arbitration for the last 12 hours and I'm definitely not drunk . Let me go home ! 
is inexplicably captivated by the Kardashians and can't stop watching . 
too much stress + not enough sleep + allergy attack from cat exposure + over-exertion during yoga = SICK . 
still feels awful . :-( 
theraflu makes my tongue feel fuzzy . 
woke up from a nap to find my fridge stocked with my mom's home cooking . Yay ! :-) 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! My fluffy pupster is 5 years old today . :-) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s bday lunch in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > + too much champagne = no work + afternoon cat nap . :-) 
If you live in Northern California and you have a baby or toddler to whom you've fed baby food containing DHA ( esp . Gerber or Beech Nut ) within the past four years , contact me ! 
gave up today . Sometimes it just isn't worth it . 
was in the middle of a settlement conference today when opposing counsel busted in to tell us that the rulings on our summary judgment motions had come down . Judgment for plaintiffs on all claims and defendants ' counter-claims dismissed !!! WOO-HOO !!! No more trial prep - I'm on vacation for the next few days ! :-D 
really , really likes spending my days getting a massage , a pedicure , a hair cut , hanging out with my puppy , going out to lunch , reading a book , watching a bit of TV , going to the gym , and just doing 3-4 hours of work from home . :-) 
is feeling kinda happy these days . :-) 
oh man , my abs are gonna hurt tomorrow ... oww ! 
just watched The Unbearable Lightness of Being . Tragic , but loved it . 
Whoa , mama ... plyometrics after eating taco truck tacos and < PROPMALE > n ' cheese . I wouldn't recommend it ! 
BUR > OAK > SNA > OAK > BUR between tomorrow morning and Saturday . 
pedicure and best foot massage ever . Yay for girl time with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
wants to KILL my noisy , obnoxious neighbors . Must not run upstairs and scream at them , must not run upstairs ... 
is wondering whether you can sustain hope without creating expectations , which inevitably leads to disappointment . Does hope necessarily lead to disappointment ? 
morning court appearance + suit , heels , and nylons + annoying LA drizzle + horrible traffic = yucky day :( 
is excited to be at the movies with @ < PROPFIRST > ! 
two weeks of work travel , starting tomorrow : BUR > SFO > LAX > BWI > LAX > SFO > BUR 
whew , it's steamy in SF today ! 
sittin ' in a restaurant in Bethesda , rooting for the Yankees . This is so wrong . 
oh my god , taco tuesday at < PROPMALE>'s . Heaven ! 
is kind of falling in love with San < PROPFIRST > all over again this week . 
mmm ... delicious lunch with Mengting at Fresca in < PROPMALE > ! 
All right , I hate to be a girl about this , but how do you stop a smoke detector from chirping ?? Both of mine started chirping intermittently around 4 am this morning and I'm about to smash them and throw them both out the window . I replaced the batteries in one of them , and the other one ( an older one ) looks like it's going to electrocute me if I take it apart . Help , please ! 
forgot to set my DVR to record Boston/Miami . Oh well , guess I'm leaving the office at 4 ! 
I hate you lakers !!! 
is seeing SO much red ... Come on , people ! Wake up !! 
sigh , rough night . At least I can be thankful that I live in California ! 
It's crazy in Oakland right now ! Groups of cops standing on every corner , news crews and helicopters all over , and stores closing down and boarding up their windows . If I had known the Mehserle sentence would come down today , I would not have picked a hotel at 11th and Broadway ... 
So much for all of my wishful planning for the holidays - snowboarding , Disneyland , holiday parties , hanging with the girls , trip to Miami , relaxing with the fam . All of that is out the window and back to working all the time . SUCKS !! :( 
taking a break to watch the fight . Goooo Manny !! 
It's GORGEOUS in LA today ! Have to play hooky . :) 
is taking Caltrain for the first time . I love the Bay Area for its public transportation ! 
going to my first Big Game in 10 years , and first time ever as a young alumni . GO BEARS !!! 
I am SO sick of working . Anyone wanna see a movie with me this weekend ?? 
is contemplating pulling an all-nighter tonight . Haven't done this since law school . I should have realized what that was preparing me for . Must play < PROPMALE > hooky after my filing deadline at midnight tomorrow !! 
kind of <3 ' s Pooh Jeter . And props to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , too . 
Okay , today was a total disaster . TGIF ! Gotta roll with the punches ... 
is looking for a bar/restaurant in Oakland or Berkeley that has a loungey bar where I can meet a friend for a drink , and also a restaurant so some other friends can come meet up for dinner later . Don't want anything too loud or too fancy - some place that's good for talking . Suggestions ? 
Ugh , flights to LA tonight are all delayed by 2-3 hours or canceled . It's sooooo cold in the Bay Area ! 
is working late and craving greasy , salty fast food . Jack-in-the-Box , < PROPMALE > Taco , < PROPFEMALE>'s ... somebody stop me before I run out and get some ! 
watching basketball with my dad , playing fetch with < PROPFEMALE > , and making dinner with my mom . Ain't too shabby . Oh yeah , and working on my brief . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! :) 
Note to self : Watching a scary TV show right before bed = wide awake with all the lights on at 1:40 am . :P 
Yes ! The judge just gave me a continuance on my motion . Who wants to go snowboarding in January ?? 
Wow , how have I missed the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl madness in Pasadena the past two years ?! And why are these people who have invaded my city so rude and obnoxious ? 
Had a great New Years weekend with the girls and absolutely no work . Yay for 2011 ! :) 
Aww , I just watched < PROPFEMALE > and Beezus . Loved it - it totally brought me back to my childhood !! :) 
Flew up to Oakland this morning , got off the plane , turned on my phone , and found out that the court had sent an electronic notice continuing my hearing to January 31 . Never even left the airport , now waiting for the next flight back to Burbank . This is my life . :P 
is finally off to Mammoth . Leaving a rough workweek behind ! :) 
Relieved , thankful , and happy today about having dodged a bullet ( even though it was a bullet I once thought I wanted ) . :) 
Finds it unbearably annoying when people offer unsolicited advice and then expect you to spend time that you don't have explaining to them why their suggestion ( 1 ) doesn't make sense given the circumstances that they aren't aware of , ( 2 ) isn't the best approach given the other options that they haven't considered , or ( 3 ) is just plain stupid . 
is quite pleased to discover that chivalry is not dead . 
Won a < PROPMALE > motion today , woo hoo ! All the long hours , late nights , weekends , and travel to the Bay Area paid off . :) 
Just took a muscle relaxer and painkiller for my horrible neck and shoulder spasms . About to drift off into dreamland , wheee ... goodnight all ! 
A corporate CEO , a union teacher , and a Tea Party member were sitting together at a table . A plate of cookies – 12 of them – was in the middle of the table . The CEO decided to take charge , but he wanted to be fair about it . So he took 11 of the cookies for himself and , pointing at the teacher , he said to the Tea Party member , “Careful , she’s about to steal your cookie . ” 
Does anyone have a good housekeeper who would be willing to come to Pasadena ( i.e. , not someone on the Westside) ? 
The new Southwest Airlines is a complete disaster . I flew on more than 30 flights with them last year and they're losing me as a customer . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , everyone ! I feel so incredibly blessed and happy . Sunshine , millimoles , a signed stipulation , being told that I was right all along , awesome co-workers who took over a project for me so I could go out and celebrate , < PROPMALE > Saadiq concert at The Music Box , and sweets from the sweetest . Looking forward to a weekend of pampering ! <3 
OMG Butler ! 
is happy . Sometimes it takes so little . :) 
Why , oh why is it 3:30 am and I'm wide awake ?? 
It's a beautiful day in the East Bay . :) 
Ahh , it's a beautiful day in Pasadena . Ran some errands , having lunch outside in the sun , then going to the gym before I meet up with friends at the Getty to watch the sunset , then dinner in the Valley . I could not imagine a nicer Saturday than this . :) 
