ready to get off and go see < PROPMALE > ! 

from elegant to elephant .... 
had to clean up some nasty shit this morning .... no more animals for me !! 
just found out < PROPMALE > gaffigan is coming to < PROPFIRST > in october and i wont be here anymore then ... that sucks ass !!! 
thinks i might have worked out a lil to hardcore yesterday cuz man am i fuckin sore ! 
tiesto this month and then deadmou5 next month ... cant fuckin wait !!! 
is so fucking bored at work ! i wanna be home in bed ... 
Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ryone !! 
My mouth is finally feeling better . Who knew that gettin a damn tooth pulled could hurt this bad . Anywho now time to do laundry and catch up on Big Love ! 
hmmm last < PROPFEMALE > get together at my apt tonight ? 
had a blast last night besides the stupid drama ... 
once you kill a cow , gotta make a burger 
so happy for daylight savings . now i can go running after work again :) 
coffee time :) 
blah so bored lunch cant come any slower !!!! but finally decided on a tattoo !! took me 6 years lol 
come on 5 o'clock!!! 
2 more weeks before my clinical rotations ... fuck this shit flew by fast ! 
is gonna go to the street jam this afternoon and then to blakes for his bday get together . Now i gotta figure out what im gonna wear .... 
Just saw remember me . Omg such a good movie !! 
started insanity workout today ... god damn i am gonna be sore tomorrow !! 
just found out < PROPFIRST > is coming to the granada this month !!! 
Thinks I might have had a lil too much caffeine ... 
Just cooked some fried rice and damn that shit came out good . 
First day of new job . Loved it ! Very excitied about this place . 
Loves the natural high after a long run 
Found out big boi is doin a solo album that comes out in july . I'm very excited about this !!! 
Took a nap for lunch and I feel sooo much better ! 
Damn it man I hate cops !!! I wasn't even in trouble and I still got nervous . 
Is lovin these 2hr lunches ! 
Is at the richardson animal shelter volunteering and they have goats , ducks , and exotic birds . I loves it !!! 
Omg they have a blind < PROPFEMALE > !!! I want him !!!! 
Had a crazy weekend ! Had a friend end up in the hospital but luckly she is ok ! 
Tell me why my back hurts and I haven't done shit !!! This sucks .... 
Is tired of dealin with someone elses fuck ups . It will eventualy come back and bite him in his ass . So its all good I'm washin my hands clean of this shit . 
Is ready to get off work !! 
So has anyone tried that K2 stuff ?? 
Is laying in bed drinkin coffee n watchin across the universe on my day off . 
Needs more sleep ! 
Its 8am and there is a drunk man in the lobby ... 
So so tired !! 
Just got home from work and surprise surprise everything I cleaned last night is not dirty as fuck .... 
Just got home from work and surprise surprise everything I cleaned last night is dirty as fuck ... 
Is ready to go home !! 
Didn't have to go in to work this morning ! 
Time to go workout 
joined the lil fitness center at < PROPFIRST > weiss . Now its workout time ! 
at the gay bar with the boys 
had a productive day worked out and washed my car 
had a really goodnight now its time to go workout real quick . 
so needs to go workout this afternoon ! 
Mmmm I love coffee ! 
is frying some shrimp n chicken . Damn am I hungry !! 
had a good work out . I'm gonna be sore tomorrow ! 
Its my baby daddys ( < PROPFIRST > pattinson ) birthday day . And yes I know I'm a fool ! 
feels like shit . I hate being sick !!! 
Boo I took a nap and still feel horrible ... 
has officially began to re-read the twilight saga ! 
beers with the boys later sound like a good idea ! 
Drinkin in the sun with the boys 
No vodka for me for a while .... 
Wants a snow cone from aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s!! 
Time to celebrate tonight ! 
Gotta love cockrell hill police ... Impounded my car . 
Fuck what happened earlier . Time to get ready to go out tonight . 
if you haven't voted for < PROPFIRST > Sapphire you need to ! he's in the top 7 now !!! 
Lizard lounge tonight !! 
Still wants to get my tattoo . I'm thinking either this coming weekend or next . I'm excited ! 
time to crash out gotta wake up bright and early and go get my car out and then go to work ... 
I'm in need of coffee but good morning everyone ! 
Is sittin in cockrell hill waiting for a cop to walk me to get my car . How gay .... 
Who wants a kitten ?? I found one and she's cute as hell but I already have 3 cats . 
Time for bed . 
Is chillin with half of the crew havin a great night ! 
At the pool with < PROPFIRST > and mr < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Went out last night . Had a good time but I miss my markie !!! 
No more tequlia for me .... Time to go get me some gatorade ! 
Come on Celtics !!!! 
Bout to smoke come cali green and go to a lil get together . 
Finally saw where the buffalo roam . Badass movie ! 
Just worked out ... Now time for bed . 
Training behind the bar tonight . Hope I'm not on the 3rd floor cuz its too damn humid outside !! 
just got home from work .... fuck am i tired and gotta be there at 9am ... 
Off of work and time to relax and drink .. 
T-minus 1 hour till my burfday ! 
Off to work :( 
Does anyome know where I can take my iphone to get it unlocked ???? 
Come one 10pm I'm in need of an ice cold beer ! 
At the bar with the boys bout to hit up < PROPMALE>'s party ! 
Boo I hate being sick !!! Lost my voice last night ... Sucks ... 
Damnit I have body aches now . I hope I don't have the flu :( 
Feels horrible still and not looking forward to working tomorrow . 
Just watched Adventureland and loved it !! 
Why do I waste my time ... 
Thinks its time to stay single for a while ... 
Is so tired of immature people that don't understand what it means to work for something . 
Yay I should hopefully have my car back by monday . I've been dying without it :( 
Who wants to work for me tonight cuz I so do not feel like goin ! 
Got my ass handed to me during the first few hours but fuck it at least I made some money :) 
Time for a drink ! 
Just found out the part alone for my car is about $300 . Yay how I love spending money . 
Gotta love goin to sleep with your jaw swollen ... Not cute ... 
This sucks I'm so hungry that I got food ... But I'm so hungry that I feel sick and can't even eat .... That's bullshit ... 
< PROPFEMALE > fuckin tired ... I'm goin back to sleep ! 
Out on the patio tonight ... Its gonna be a long hot ass night ... 
Time to drink a beer and do some cleaning . 
So I'm off today and eclipse is finally out ! Today is gonna be a good day !! 
Only 1 day off this week .. Time to make some money !! 
Drinkin a beer with serafin relaxing after work . 
Omg gettin my 80s on right now ! 
Holy shit had to change my number twice in one night . Some guys don't get the point and harassment calls aren't cute . 
Damn you corner bakery you made me sick !!! 
Yay I don't have to go in this morning , 
Just got off work now relaxing watchin zombieland . 
Second shift shot of the night and I sooo needed it ! 
Another slow ass morning . Now its time to catch up on my sleep ! 
I'm gonna go see eclipse today !!! I'm so excited !!! 
The oil is hittin our coast line and that's not good ... 
OMG I fuckin loved eclipse !! 
Ahh it felt so good to sleep in this morning ! 
Mmmmm I love pizza ! 
Grr I hate boys ... I need to find me a real man ... 
Damn the rain !! I'm off cuz of it and now I dunno what to do tonight . 
What goes around comes around ... I can't wait for < PROPFEMALE > to bite a particular person in the ass . 
Finally off work . Now its time for a beer ! 
Private party tonight , lets see how much money im gonna make off this shit . 
phone is still fuckin up not wanting to charge ... time to watch a neverending story before work !! im excited haven't seen it in years ! 
Omg I'm dying in this long sleeve dress shirt !!!!!!! 
Hope tonight is a good night . Need just 200 more for my car ! 
Got sick from some damn good italian food tonight lol 
Movie time 
Crashed out on my break and was hoping I slept till 6 but nope 2 more hours to go ... 
Michelada time ! 
Phone is fucked up at the moment .... gonna get it fixed tomorrow . 
Needs to iron my shirt for work ... blah i hate ironing !! 
time for a beer with the boys 
yay I got my phone today !!!! 
Wishes my hangover would go away :( 
Is ready for tonight ! 
Yummy aunt stellas ... 
Oh pandora radio how I love you 
Damn < PROPFEMALE > michaels you have me sore as hell ! Can't wait to workout again tonight :) 
blah got a < PROPMALE > headache ... 
workout time 
tonight is gonna be a good night ! gonna chill with some friends I haven't seen in forever . 
Is so freakin tired . Didn't sleep well last night :( 
Today has turned out to be a good day ! 
FinalLy have my damn car back .. 
Time to take a shower and crash out ! 
Can't believe I'm actually jamin to metallica 
Mimis time 
Omg its too damn hot outside !!!! 
finally saw the runaways and loved it !!!! 
Can't wait to chill with < PROPFEMALE > and the crew tonight !! 
So glad I don't work today ! Now time to get some crap around the house done . 
Blah I don't want to go to that damn training seminar tonight !!!!! 
Had a great night with the crew . Now time to get some sleep . 
Just found out my cousin is in ICU . Crazyness !! I hope she's ok !! 
I need to fix my ac asap ! Driving home in traffic in the heat sucks ass ! 
I'm sooo hungry . Who wants to come cook dinner for me cuz I am fuckin tired ! 
Don't go in till 12 today . Damn it felt good to sleep in ! 
omg this last hour is dragging on . I wanna go home already !!!! 
Coffee time !! 
blah I'm tired of being single ! why I can't I ever meet any normal men !! 
is in a super good mood ! all the working out and the millions of salads are finally starting to pay off !! :) 
Grrrr I hate allergies !!! I've been sneezing all day :( 
Has officially fell in love with < PROPFIRST > guettas new album !! 
is lovin this weather ! now it just needs to stay like this . 
no vodka for me for a while !! blah I feel like shit !! 
So yeah my phone is off till tomorrow ... 
a nice cold beer and a movie is a perfect end to my night . 
Poppin bottles in the ice , like a blizzard . When we drink we do it right gettin slizzard . Sippin sizzurp in my ride , like Three 6 . Now I’m feelin so fly like a G6 . Like a G6 , Like a G6 . Now I’m feelin so fly like a G6 
Blah I'm still super tired :( 
is very glad I ended up goin out last night . had a blast with the crew ! 
a salad for breakfast hit the spot !! 
Coffee time ! 
like < PROPFEMALE > o'donnell at a bisexual bridal shower ! 
got drunk ... sliced my foot .... yay !! lol 
I'm dying ... damn you foot !!!! 
yay I'm starting to walk without a horrible limp lol 
Its such a pretty day ... wish I could go running :( 
Bout to hit up the gay club for chis ' bday . It will be interesting to see how long I can stay on my foot . 
blah I hate going to court ... 
so happy my stupid toe finally healed now I can start working out again !! :) 
Blah this is turing out to be a very boring night ... 
goin out to the club with the boys ! 
Mmmm how I love coffee 
Woke up early for a nice long morning workout now I just need coffee so I'm not draggin ass ... 
Is starving !!! 
Had a great run this morning ! 
Just woke up from a needed nap . Now what to do I'm off tonight ! 
ugh I hate bumping into ex's especially stupid ones ... damn you oak < PROPMALE > for being so small !!! 
almost boot season ... i cant wait !!! 
With the crew ... Lovin it !! 
Tell me why I slept all fuckin day but yet I'm still drunk ... 
Damn it I missed eastbound & down !!!! Boo !!!!! 
is officially obsessed with boardwalk empire !!! 
is sore from my workout . loves it ! 
Sleep time :) 
Is with < PROPFIRST > at wynnewood helpin him find some shoes for halloween . 
< PROPFEMALE > hungry ... booo ... 
Fuckin A !! No one is home and my car is blocked in .... Fantastic ... 
Had the best salad for lunch ! 
layin in bed watchin lord of the rings ... good end to my night . 
Its cold I don't even want to get out of bed ! 
Watchin east bound & down as I get ready . Perfect morning ! 
A 13 year old boy in Texas shot himself in the head after years of bullying and torment for being gay . < PROPMALE > Walsh , also 13 , < PROPMALE > him self from a backyard tree . < PROPFIRST > Clementi , 18 , a freshman at Rutgers , jumped off the GW Bridge after his roommate broadcast a video of < PROPFIRST > with another guy . Today , I STAND UP TO THOSE BULLIES in their honor . If you care to STAND UP with me , please post this as your status . 
Blah I need to stop goin to bed so early cuz I'm wakin up too damn early !! 
Is ready for the < PROPMALE > show tonight ! Haven't been to one in forever ! 
On my way to the show . Time to get my drink on ! 
If I don't know you ... Or your friend ... Denied .. 
Got super throwed last night lol 
just watched cannibal holocaust ... i would have never watched it if i knew that they really killed animals in it .... that was horrible ! 
Gonna go see The Town tonight ... Man I haven't been to the movies in forever since freakin eclispe came out ! 
Layin in bed drinkin coffee and watchin Eclipse 
Finished reading the short second life of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Loved it ! Now time to workout . 
My morning started out great ! Hope the rest of the day will be the same ... 
Gonna cook some barbeque ribs for dinner . Yummy ! 
Its cold outside ... I love it ! 
Come come baby come be my Toyfriend till I'm through with you 
Omg this soup needs to hurry up and be ready cuz I'm starving !!! 
Watchin a snl re-run . I love all the < PROPFEMALE > odonnel shit too funny !! 
Just finished working out now time to sit on my ass and watch some tv ... 
Can't wait to chill with the crew tonight ! 
is sooooo gonna cheat and eat some pizza ! yummy !!! 
Drinkin a beer but bored as fuck !!! 
For whom the < PROPFEMALE > tolls 
Incubus always ends a night perfectly . 
I have so much to do today but yet I don't feel like doin shit lol . First thing first gotta workout ! 
I hate bumping into people at the gas station that remember me but yet I have no idea who they are ! Grrr my memory sucks ass ! 
Frailty is a crazy ass movie ! 
Burnt my damn neck with my curling iron and now I look like I got a freakin hickey .... Fuckin A ... 
Paranormal State marathon , YAY !!! 
Has watched too many episodes of paranormal state that I'm creeped out now !! 
So bone thugs are supposedly coming to < PROPFIRST > next month . I'm so going to that show ! 
Time to go to bed ... Have to be up early ... 
Is officially warrant and ticket free ! Yay ! 
Don't forget to wear purple today to show your support against gay bullying !!! 
Went to Havanas and say my baby < PROPFIRST > . Love you babe !!! 
Just woke up from the best nap ever ! Now its gonna suck to go to sleep tonight ... 
Ouch , I burnt the roof of my mouth but damnit that pizza was good !! 
How sad another kid took his life cuz of bullying . All this homophobic shit needs to stop and parents need to start raising there kids with a sense of some fuckin respect for others !!! 
Is ready for the crew to get here already ! 
I love this weather !! Gonna drink some wine and clean ... 
Blah my allergies are driving me crazy !! 
Drinkin some wine watchin Inglourious Bastards . I love me some < PROPMALE > Pitt and < PROPMALE > Roth !! 
Blah I feel like crap ... Ugh I hate being sick ! 
Gonna chill and watch Cabin Fever and call it a night .... 
Boo I have a fever :( 
Put this as your status if you know someone/are related to someone who suffers from being a < PROPFIRST > Cowboys Fan . Being a Cowboys Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for DCF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 90% of Cowboys fans wont repost this ... because they dont know how to copy and paste 
NBA season starts tonight !! My fav time of the year !! 
Boo I wanna workout but I feel like shit !! Grr I need to get well already ! 
Miami is gettin their ass handed to them so far ! 
I can't get enough of < PROPMALE > Roth in Inglourious Bastards !!! 
So I've decided I'm joining 24 hour fitness on monday and I also won't a personal trainer ... I hope they aren't too expensive . 
Time to get my horror movie fix for the night before the game . 
Would sooo love to be at the game right now !!! 
99-86 with 2 mins left what what !! 
What a perfect opening night !!! Love my mavs !!! 
Gonna do a test run with my hair for Saturday night . Hopefully I can do myself !! 
So my costume is almost done just gotta hem that hoe up and bam ... Hotness !! Lol 
Gatorade and coffee so killed my hangover thank god ! 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > gonna have to do some last < PROPFEMALE > shopping tomorrow !! I'm such a procrastinator ! 
OMG was up till 6am working on oscars costume ... Fuck am I tired !! 
OMG I'm starving !!!! < PROPFIRST > hurry your ass up !!!! 
Happy Halloween everyone !! 
Still in the process of tryin to take my hair down . Too much hair spray and teasing !! Never again ! 
Come on Mavs !! 
Off of work . Now time to go have a drink . 
So did not want to get up this morning ... Thank god for coffee ! 
Ah how I love the rain ! Too bad I'm not at home in my bed :( 
Grr I was hoping the rain would stop by now !! Thank you downtown and your underground tunnel ! 
Is ready for the game tonight !! 
So many fine ass men on my floor . I loves it ! lol 
Today has been a long day ... Only 20 more mins ... 
Ahh miller high life your always so good to me :) 
I love how you get a missed call and when you call it back they get an attitude with me . Um whatever bitch you called me ... 
The Sopranos + coffee = good sunday afternoon 
Greenville tonight :) 
I love GI < PROPFEMALE > ! That movie never gets old ! 
Damn these stray dog in my neighborhood !! I wanna go running here instead of a park but noo can't do that ... 
Yay Mavs !! 
Its such a beautiful day ! Think i might actually take my ass up to keist park and go for a run . 
Time for a beer :) 
Today has been a chill ass day so far ! I love gloomy days . 
A night with the friends ... Love it ! 
\Texas cities ? \ " Yami -\" Mississippi ! \ " Lol " 
Coffee and advil is all I need for now ... 
Spending my sunday cleanin up other people messes ... Yay for me ... 
Finally done cleaning . Now time to watch Boardwalk Empire and work out . 
Blah I hate allergies ... 
Come on Mavs we got this ! 
So I'm debating whether to highlight my hair or just lighten all of it . Hmmm decisions decisions .... 
Bumped into an old crush earlier . Wow I had horrible taste when I was younger ! 
Got my first work out in for the day . Now time to relax for a < PROPFEMALE > . 
Everybody is lame !!! Who wants to go out ??? 
Gonna go out to greenville tonight . It will be nice to finally go to some straight bars ! 
Just realized I haven't smoked a cig in 2 days . That's pretty damn good . 
Has had a freakin horrible headache for 5 days straight now :( 
Fuckin A ! This headache won't go away so I'm crashin out early ... 
Drinkin some wine and ready for food . Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
Just finished Pandora , such a good book ! 
Gonna go to a party with a homegirl I haven't seen in forever . Tonight should be a good night ! 
Havin a chill ass night out in frisco 
Might play texas hold em ... Yeah I suck ass at this game !! 
Mmmmm coffee :) 
time to workout and finish decorating for Christmas . 
Must have slept weird last night cuz my shoulder is killing me !! 
Watchin Wartorn 1861-2010 . So freaking good !! But so depressing ... 
Change your Facebook Profile Picture to a favorite cartoon character from your childhood and invite friends to do the same until December 6th . There will be No human faces on facebook , but an invasion of childhood memories . This is for Violence/abuse Against Children 
Blah my throat hurts ... I hope I'm not gettin sick right before the weekend cuz that would suck . 
Omg I feel like shit !!! I don't think my throat has hurt this bad since I was a kid :( 
I feel like shit but gonna chill with the crew tonight anyway ... 
Gonna fry up some fish and chicken for dinner . Yummy ! 
Blah I feel like crap ... Both my tonsils and lymph nodes are swollen fml ... 
< PROPFEMALE > tired from being up all night witha freakin fever . 
Listening to Garbage-Queer . Their music will never get old ! 
#0904 Still consider you one of my closest friends cuz you've been there for me for many years ! And who could ever forget < PROPMALE > the toilet lol I bet the cleaning people at townview hated us lol and also being stalked by crazy men just to smoke in the morning . Good times good times ! 
#8 I remember being very skeptical of opening up to you due to some reasons . But I'm very happy I did cuz you turned out to be one cool ass chick who's easy to talk to and fun to party with ! 
I got sucked into the number game lol send me a number . 
#23 I remember the first time we actually chilled on my prom night and the \flower\ " you brought me lol . Definitely glad we have kept in touch over the years and hope we always will . " 
#2485 how could I forget mr cooks french class in 9th grade lol good times ! Don't remember why we stopped talking for a while but you've always been a cool chick . I'm glad to see your doing good in your life ! 
#333 Your one crazy ass dude who I love to party with . I remember the first time we met was on your bday at homegirls house on clarendon . We got fucked up ! Same night I got in a fight lol 
#9999999 lol that's a lot of nines . But damn we go way back to scgc lol will always remember that time in my car when we hot boxed it and the freakin cops shined the spot light on us but didn't see us . That was < PROPFEMALE > scary !! 
#4 . 2 we've had so many good times together to list . Definitely wish we were still as close as we used to be but you've always been such a good friend and I will always have your back !! I got a funny memory : at the beach in the guest house jamming to < PROPFEMALE > and you sucking up the cockroach with the vacuum lol 
Slept 15 hours today ... Damn it I hate being sick ! 
I'm sick but I wanna go out but then I don't want to cuz its cold .. Decisions decisions ! 
So what's goin down tonight ? 
Is feeling so much better ! Gonna throw on nightmare before christmas and finish decorating . 
So happy to be well cuz now I can finally workout again !! 
Burned off half of the calories I ate today . So I'm feelin pretty good right now :) 
Deleted my ex's off of here . Don't know why I added them to begin with lol . Oh and cleared my blocked list so feel free to stalk if still have no life :) 
So I've decided my hair is too damn long and its time to chop it off ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce ; < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time ; < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage ; < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING ; yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of ... marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ...?!?! Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL ! 
This afternoon is gonna be a good one . I can feel it ! :) 
Today has been a bad ass day for me ! Now time to get my workout in . 
So screwed up my workout by buying beer ... Oh well fuck it ! 
I love my boys < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Sapphire , < PROPFIRST > Fernandez , and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
So tired of dealin with immature men that play games ... Grow the fuck up ! 
Havin a chill night watchin Romy and < PROPFEMALE>'s! 
So ready for tonight ! 
Can't wait to start working out at the gym tomorrow ! I'm gonna look good before the summer comes ! 
Ugh I hate traffic !! 
Free < PROPFIRST > ! 
So many fine sweaty men in one place . Love it ! Lol 
Ran in the cardio cinema watchin Top Gun . Love that movie ! 
Omg this music at my job sucks ass !! 
Why does there always have to be that one girl that gets an attitude with me for no reason .. Like really ?? 
Bout to go out for < PROPFEMALE>'s bday . Its gonna be crunk ! 
Ugh I hate that I deleted his number out of my phone cuz now I wanna talk to him :( oh well I did for a good reason ! \ 
Ps Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Now time to go eat some food . 
Wine and a nice fire makes a good end to good Christmas . 
All in all yesterday was a good day . Not hungover yay ! Now time to get my day started . 
I sooo did not wanna get up this morning ! 
Protein shake ... Yummy ... 
Awww I'm putting my doggie down today :( 
RIP Bear 
Ugh gotta to laudry and pack but it will be nice gettin out of < PROPFIRST > for a couple of days . 
Half way to < PROPMALE > . Blah I'm tired of drivin !!! 
Made it to < PROPMALE > and the my car wouldn't start . Thank god it was only the battery ! 
Half of my face is numb which feels hella weird ! But the tooth is out finally ! 
Thank god for pain killers cuz my mouth is starting to hurt . 
Shot my first rifle tonight . So fun ! 
Phone will be off tomorrow till the 7th so hit me up on here or call me at the house if you got the number :) 
Yay only 45 mins away from < PROPFIRST > :) 
Another day off . Probably just gonna stay home today . \ 
Ps phone is off till the 7th :( 
Ugh my mouth hurts ... Off to bed cuz I gotta work in the morning . 
Can't wait to party with the crew tonight !!! 
I need to get my car inspected and then go to they gym . After that time to have a chill afternoon with < PROPFIRST > Fernandez . 
Holy shit why is it taking this long to inspect my car !!! I'm gettin impatient !!! 
Chillin with oscarino watchin family guy < PROPFEMALE > wars . 
Had a fun night with markie , < PROPFIRST > and , yanet ! 
Off of work yay lol Now time to go play tennis with oscarino . 
My phone is back on :) 
Can't wait to go see Black Swan today !!! now just have to wait for @ < PROPFIRST > Fernandez to get his ass out of bed lol 
BLACK SWAN WAS AMAZING !!! 
What a perfect way to start the day with my fuckin mouth hurting again where I got that damn tooth pulled . Fml ... 
Watchin New < PROPFEMALE > and frying some shrimp for dinner . 
Just finished downloading The Pacific , the whole series . I'm sooo gonna have like a 10 hour marathon on my next day off ! Can't wait ! 
Slept with my retainer for the first time . Not very comfortable I might add .. 
Starting out my morning with some coffee and the movie teeth lol 
Grr I hate that my phone service sucks in my game room . Damn you T-Mobile !! 
Im not a gemini anymore :( \ 
Booo ! thats booty .... 
Hmmm what to eat for dinner ... 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . I love this freakin movie !!!! 
Grrr why can't I get this stupid facebook places to work on my damn phone !!! 
Went to bed early and woke up late . Ah I needed the sleep ! Now time for coffee :) 
I've been cleanin all freakin day and still not done ! Ugh I was hoping for a relaxing sunday :( 
BURGERS FOR DA BOYSS ! 
No more get togethers at my place . I'm still fuckin cleanin up others peoples messes . Not fun .... 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > gonna break down and buy fast food cuz I'm way way to freakin hungry ! 
Why have I been thinking its freakin friday all day ... The sad part is it says on my phone screen that's its thursday lol . I'm way too ditzy sometimes ! 
Why have I been thinking its freakin friday all day . The sad part is it says on my phone screen that's its thursday lol I'm way too ditzy sometimes ! 
So I wanna dye my hair tonight and still can't decide whether to go black or go lighter ... 
Son a bitch people need to stop hacking my account !! Its getting very annoying to verify myself every time I log in !! 
Omg I love Jersey Shore 1 !!! 
Gotta love spiteful bitches ..... 
Soooo not in a good mood today .. 
Been waiting to watch the new Bad Girls all day and its the only freakin channel that wont come in . DAMN YOU TIME < PROPMALE > !!! 
Didn't sleep well last night .... I'm in need of some starbucks ! 
I ate way way too much yesterday :( that means an even more hardcore workout today ! 
First workout of the day down . Now time to chill for a < PROPFEMALE > . 
Still at work , picked up another shift . I'm sooo bored ! But at least I got my workout in between my shifts ! 
Can't get enough of A Perfect Circle radio on pandora !! 
Its t-shirt time with markie !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > not looking forward to goin to court . I better get this damn ticket dismissed ! 
Got that hoe dismissed !! 
Gonna go to the Indigo and check out their apartments today ! 
OMG I'm so not goin anywhere today ! 
Can't believe that I want this shit to clear up so I can work tomorrow . So over being stuck at home ! 
Debating wether I should go to work or not . Cars are still spinnin out on loop 12 :( 
Job just called and I gotta go in . Boooo not lookin forward to the drive ... 
Our parking lot is iced over . It will be interesting when I try to get the hell out of here ! 
Holy crap it took me 2 freakin hours to get home !!! 
T-ssshhhiiirrttt time !!!! 
Yay no work !! I'm so gonna go outside and play in the snow ! 
Wine to the rescue ! 
I need to get out this house ! Who wants to chill ?? 
Got in a 90's mood . So I'm jamming to counting crows on pandora and doin my makeup :) 
Took a trip to the liquor store . That was scary ! Almost got hit ! 
I wish the freakin streets weren't icy cuz I wanna go out tonight !!!! 
Just went shopping . Went crazy with accessories !! 
Its freezing at my job and I made the mistake of wearing a dress ... Oh well at least I look cute ! Lol 
On lunch eatin tacos and jammin to < PROPFIRST > :) 
Sitting here at my desk reading Midnight Sun online . I'm such a hard worker lol 
Just realized I have a head light out . Wonder how long its been like that lol 
Been up since 5:30 ... Job called and told me to come in at 10 . Yeah ... I don't think that's gonna happen lol 
Just found out that store down the street from my house finally sells beer ! 
I'm starving !!! 40 more mins left till lunch :( 
Mmmmm that salad hit the spot ! 
I love older men with swagg ! Especially the one at my office haha he needs to stop coming and talkin with me before I \accidentally\ " hit on him lol " 
OMG just remembered that jersey shore comes on tonight !! cant wait !! 
Got me a bottle of wine and about to order a pizza ... Tonight is gonna be a chill night ! 
I'm torn between 2 operas I wanna see :( maybe I'll go to both lol 
I woke up witha fever and I can't breathe ... Blah fml !!! 
Omg worst head/body ache .... I hate that I always get sick :( 
Lmao I just had a prostitute wave at me ... 
Ready to leave work .... Still feel like crap but I wanna do something today but don't know what to do .... 
Tired of the same old shit makes me feel like I'm in a rut . Time to change it up in every aspect of my life ! 
Is in a really good mood today ! 
Out in east < PROPFIRST > gettin my headlight fixed ... 
Had a blast with the besties tonight ! Even though we were missing a few :( 
I'm sooo freakin tired ... Coffee isn't even helping ... 
Cant wait till Rihanna tickets go on sale Friday !!! 
Had a customer snap at me over the phone . My oak < PROPMALE > came out real quick . lol Had to stop myself before I came off as a bitch ! 
Cant get enough of Rihanna's new song Who's that chick !! 
Off to lunch to get me some < PROPFIRST > in the Box and listen to some Rihanna :) 
Sittin here gettin a flat fixed ... Not how I wanted to spend my lunch :( 
I wanna go out or get a room or something for Mardi Gras . Its on March 8th this year . Whos down ?? Maggie Garza , Noala Guerra , Yanet Trevino , Oscar Fernandez , Chris Sapphire , Yamit Mata . 
Phone is back on 
Cabs are here ! 
Great ... Stupid fuckin car ! Ignition locked on me again and can't start it :( 
Watchin Rockos Modern Life with the kiddos :) 
Gonna play tennis with the boys here in a lil bit . 
Fuckin car did it again !! Now I'm stuck at the beer store ... I hate cars ... 
That made my day :) 
I'm ready to go home ! 
Finally got a call back from < PROPFEMALE > airlines after like 6 months . All I gotta do is get a passport and then interview ! 
Come on 12pm .... I'm hungry and craving Whataburger ! 
Yay I'm gettin my hair cut tonight . I need it so bad , its almost been a year ! 
Totally having a sugar/ caffeine crash ... blah ... 
Fuckin < PROPMALE > white people have no freakin < PROPFEMALE > !!! I wanna slap someone right now !!! 
Just ordered some shripm < PROPMALE > for lunch . Cant wait to eat ! lol 
Omg that food was off the chain ! I feel like a fatass for piggin out ! 
Hey < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Garcia and Yanet Trevino I wanna go walking again today !!! Call or text me ! 
Grrr my face is breaking out like I'm freaking 18 again ... Fml ... 
Omg next weekend need to hurry up already !!! 
Mr hot AP guy you need to stop coming to my desk to make conversation cuz I just might \accidentally\ " hit on you lol .... just sayin . " 
Bout to head to Weiss park to go walking . 
Just had a fine ass customer come in and when he spoke to me he had an < PROPFEMALE > accent .... So hot !! 
Score my office ordered pizza . I freakin love pizza :) 
omg I slept my day away :( 
Blah I feel like crap today :( 
I'm proud of myself I only drank one cup of coffee today ! 
I love < PROPFIRST > Sinatra but listening to him everyday is gettin on my nerves ... 
damn you < PROPFIRST > in the box for fuckin up my order cuz I bumped into someone I'd rather not seen ... 
My jaw hurts .... I'm so tired of having to wear a freakin retainer ! 
mmmmmm tamales and beer :) 
finally catchin up on jersey shore !!! love me some Pauly D :) 
I was having the best dream ! Damn you alarm for waking me up !!! 
I'm in a really good mood today . Don't know why but not complaining :) 
Bout to head over to LA Fitness for my lunch and check this place out . I heard they have a pool so I'm excited ! :) 
Why do I always have weird people poking me on here ???? \ 
Seriously if you look like you just left a Lord of the Rings convention don't even bother ... 
Omg I hate cars !!! 
Carless till tomorrow evening :( 
Completely forgot about Jersey Shore tonight ! Cant wait !! :) 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > freakin hungry ! Gonna order some Italian for lunch :) 
So ready to leave work and have a glass of wine and Jersey Shore ! 
Its almost T Shirt Time !!! 
Definitely regret drinking wine last night ... 
Yay I don't work tomorrow so that means 3 day weekend for me :) 
Bout to kick it with the besties . Tonight will be a good night ! 
Had a blast tonight with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and , < PROPFIRST > ! Boo Yanet you suck ! lol 
Watching my husband < PROPMALE > Cooper in The A-Team . Not a bad movie so far . 
Getting ready to go to the dr cuz I think I have a spider bite :( 
I can feel it already ... Tonight is gonna be bad ass ! 
I'm in < PROPFEMALE > much pain ... I can barely walk but thank god I'm alive ! 
Lost my cell phone in the wreck so call the house or hit me up on facebook for the mean time . 
sittin at the doctors office . I hope they don't find anything serious ... 
I have no broken bones thank god ! 
FML .... Even though I'm fucked up on painkillers I still hurt sooo bad wth ... 
Im hungry .... 
its too early to be awake !! 
my poor boo is sick :( so I'm tryin to be a good girl and take care of him . 
yay I can almost walk without a limp ! I love that I've forced myself to do nothing but lay around these past few days and heal . 
Just saw Suckerpunch and loved it ! 
Lovely ... Just noticed I wore navy tights today and not black . So not matching right now lol 
Blah 5 hours to go ... 
IM FREAKIN STARVING !! I NEED MY CAR SO I CAN GET FOOD :( 
FML ... MY KNEE IS SWOLLEN AS HELL AGAIN AND IS KILLING ME :( 
OMG IM GOING TO SEE PERFECT CIRCLE IN JULY !!!!! LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > Gonzalez FOR LETTING ME KNOW AND GETTING THE TICKETS !!! CAN'T WAIT :) 
HOLY SHIT THIS LAST 30 MINS IS GOING BY SO SLOW !! 
finally home ! icing my knee and hoping I feel good enough to do something tonight . 
It's such a pretty morning ! Wish I was able to go for a run :( 
So happy my knee isn't hurting as of the moment . Now it just needs to fully heal so I can wear heels again ... 
dropped 5lbs last week ! Now just 15 to go . 
I'm ready to get off work and spend some time with a certain person :) 
I'm amazed that the edge is actually playing good music today ... 
SOOOO FREAKIN BORED ... I WISH THIS DAY WOULD GO BY FASTER ! 
Debating whether I should re-pierce my nose tonight . Hmmmmm .... 
It feels so nice to get a full night of sleep ! Now time to shower and tan . 
DEBATING WHETHER TO HIT THE TOLLWAY OR LOOP 12 HOME ..... HMMMM DUNNO WHICH IS FASTER . 
Pulled my first ditz moment at work today by almost walking into the glass that surrounds our office ... Luckily I caught my self at the last moment lol 
I hope I can make it home before it starts raining .... 
I don't think I should be allowed to own a touch screen phone cuz all I do is drop it and crack the screen every time :( 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEAUTIFUL MOTHER ! 
I'm ready to get off work and go to my mommas b-day party with my bff < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Garcia 
Got a full night of sleep but yet I'm still tired :( 
Can't wait to get the Brazilian blowout in a couple weeks ! I'm so tired of my nappy ass hair lol 
CANT STAND SCANDALOUS BITCHES ............... 
At the bff's eatin good food and watchin movies :) 
Gonna start apartment hunting as of Monday . I really hope I can get one where i really wanna live ... 
Caught the neighbors kid lookin all up in my window . Maybe should make sure the drapes are closed all the way before I change lol 
Come on Mavs ! 
I feel like shit this morning . My body temp keeps fluctuating and I feel nauseous :( 
Woke up from a nap a lil while ago . Still feel shitty but not as bad as before . Now time to try and eat some food . 
:/ 
Going to lunch with my boss . This should be interesting lol 
Got questioned on my love life ... Gotta love being reminded that I'm still freakin single :/ 
Today was not my day ... Glad its over . 
Feel like shit and my phone is fucked up . Dont know if its the screen or the battery . What a lovely start to my day ... 
My phone is working again ... Dunno wth that was about . 
Come on 5pm ... 
I am in need of a drink ........ 
Gonna chill with the bff this afternoon . Still don't know what we will get into yet . 
Got my new phone , so my internet is finally working again :) 
Why am I so tired today ??? I made it home before 10 and crashed out fairly early :( 
So I love my new phone but the freakin battery is almost dead and I have barely touched it today :( 
I crashed before the end of the game and woke up to find out we kicked the lakers ass again ! Nice start to my morning =) 
So ready to go home and relax in my bed ... 
Awww theres a stray pitt bull at the exxon off of loop 12 . I want him :( 
So I've decided I want another pet . Cant decided between a squirrel or a prairie dog ... they are both < PROPFEMALE > cute ! 
Wow some people just cant take a hint .... If I broke up with you over a year ago and deleted you off my facebook and you still have my number saved for some pathetic reason don't try and send me a video chat request . Thats just a lil sad and weird .... 
< PROPFEMALE > night with Yanet Trevino and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Garcia :) 
well my day has turned pretty shitty .. 
Out of my emo mood from yesterday ... Hopefully today goes good . 
OMG I'M STARVING !!!! 
So it's official , I've fallin in love with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > now lol 
Every Friday the 13th always make me think of my Bday .... Too bad I'll be 28 when it falls on a Friday again :( 
Mmmm coffee :) 
Gonna buy my Electric < PROPFEMALE > ticket today !! I < PROPFEMALE > can't wait ! 
yummy pizza for breakfast :) 
Decided to wear some hot heals today and now my knee hurts :( 
So ready for this day to be over ... 
Got pulled over on my way to work lol . Luckily the cop was cool as shit and gave me a warning cuz that would have fucked my morning if I got a ticket . 
Broke the elephant :( 
Just finished my first real workout since the wreck . I missed the natural high :) 
My legs and abs are so sore ! Think I'm gonna chill out on working out today . 
Gonna go enroll back in school after work today . Very excited about it ! :) 
Boo I left my wallet at home :( 
I just got super lazy right now . I don't feel like doin shit ! Sucks I still have 3 hours left of work :( 
Im in the mood for a drink :) 
Had a crazy dream and I actually woke up pissed off about it lol Felt too real !! 
Really wanted to see someone today but looks like thats doubtful :( 
Having a good day with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Garcia , Yanet Trevino and < PROPFEMALE > Trevino :) 
Having a shitty start to my day :( 
Sooo hungover and hungry ... Time to cook some food :) 
Wish I was hanging out with a certain person right now ... Guess i'll just take a nap ... 
Got my workout in ... Now time to do some cleaning and laundry ... 
Real Housewives of New Jersey <3 
Cant wait for this weekend ! Yanet Trevino and I are gonna go crazy ! Lol 
Can't make something work if its not meant to be ... But at least I tried . 
7hrs of work down and now 2 to go :( 
Feeling good feeling great how are you :) 
words with friends : heatherelise 13 
I need to find me a real man that doesn't play games and knows what he wants ... 
Margaritas for lunch was so good but now I'm sooooooooo tired .... Come on 5pm ! 
Need to go to the liquor store for some drank for the game . No clue what im in the mood for . 
Got em !!! Go Mavs !!! 
Piggin out on some < PROPFIRST > ... Can't wait to go home and take a nap ... 
Omg my power nap made me feel sooooo much better ! 
Come on 5pm .... 
I hate loop 12 in the afternoon !!!! 
I got some much needed sleep last night and now I feel great today :) 
Had a really good night :) Now waiting on some pizza cuz im starving ! 
Yummy my boss brought barbecue for lunch :) 
Was almost attacked by a damn mocking bird outside my job lol 
Mmmm Starbucks <3 
Havin my ac out in this heat and traffic is no bueno ! I gotta break down and just fix it ... 
I'm so tired ... I'm not doing shit this afternoon but go home and sleep ! 
I slept funny and my shoulder n upper back are killin me :( 
Omg I'm ready to go home !! 
Gonna buy tickets to < PROPFIRST > Murphy and Lavell Crawford !! 
Ready for some pre-birthday partying with Yanet Trevino tonight ! 
Great night ! Hungover though :( 
Fuck yeah !!! Best b-day present ever !!! MFFL !!!! 
Booo I dont wanna go to work :( 
Thank you for the b-day wishes . Love you guys ! 
Definitely had an interesting morning ... 
I'm officially quiting smoking today . Had my last cigarette this morning and gonna by some nicotine gum on my lunch :) 
Booo I wanna go to the parade :( 
Words with friends : heather . <3 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > hungry but can't decide what I want to eat :( 
Hmmm what to do tonight .... 
Only took a 30 < PROPFEMALE > lunch so I can leave early . Now it just needs to be 4:30 already :( 
Was looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow but nooo gotta take fattie to the vet in the morning ... 
Omg im dying in this heat !!!! 
Waiting on Yanet Trevino and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Garcia to hurry their asses up so I can start my friday !! 
Sooo bored and ready to go home ... 
Blah its gonna be a slow day .... 
Slice of pizza and a salad for lunch . Yummy :) 
So the fire in < PROPMALE > started due to some retards shooting at a propane tank . All I have to say is wow ..... 
Boo I have to change desks today ... Not very happy about it :( 
I really need better lighting in my room ... I put on navy tights instead of black . So not matching today . 
Can't wait till Weeds comes on tonight !!! 
So my job is in need of commercial sales people . If you have any experience message me . 
Sooo ready to go home ! I'm super sleepy :( 
< PROPFEMALE > gonna have a drink after this shit ... 
just my luck to get heat exhaustion .. Now I feel like shit . 
Loved the new weeds ! Cant wait till next Monday ! 
A heat index of 106 and I get to go sit in traffic with no a/c ... Fml ... 
I love that my co-workers have good taste in music . Been jamming to classic rock this afternoon . 
< PROPFEMALE > freakin tired ... Thank god I get off at 1 today :) 
what a perfect start to my holiday weekend ... Had some jackass back into my car at the bank . Just my luck ... 
Why am I awake this early ?!? Guess I'll go run an errand before it gets hot ... 
Havin some beers and watchin movies with < PROPFEMALE > Garza . 
Im statving .... Hmmm what to eat .... 
What's on your mind ? 
Spending my lunch at service < PROPMALE > getting an estimate .... This person better pay me for this shit ! 
Cant Believe the verdict for the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > case ... Total bullshit ! 
I hate that i'm the only one on time to work .... 
Got my workout in . I feel productive :) 
Omg my arms and abs are super sore today ! 
Boo I wish I lived in New York so I could go to the Electric Zoo Festival :( 
Seriously !?!?! Can I not drive anywhere in < PROPFIRST > without some dumb fuck almost hitting me !!! 
So sad today is the last launch for our space program . They should have never cut this program ... 
Watched our final launch . Amazing and sad at the same time . 
Having a chill Saturday with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Garcia and waiting for Yanet Trevino to get here . Gonna fry some chicken and drink some beer :) 
Having a great time with Yanet Trevino , < PROPFEMALE > Garza , < PROPFEMALE > Ramos , < PROPFEMALE > Trevino , and < PROPFIRST > JReydio < PROPFIRST > :) 
So do feel like doing anything this morning but going home and laying in my bed ... 
Omg < PROPFEMALE > Gonzalez 12 more days till a perfect circle !!! 
Blah I'm dying in this heat !!! 
I'm happy my sister is coming in today . Haven't seen her since xmas . 
“Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind . ” Dr. Seuss 
Holy shit today has been stressful !!! 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > freaking tired right now ... Can't wait to get off to go home and eat some home cooked seafood :) 
I hope today goes by quick . I am so tired from the past couple of days ... 
Blah this day if dragging .... I wanna go home and sleep :( 
Fuck I hate the dps office !!! 
Gonna go get a pedicure aftet work cuz its too damn hot to sit in traffic ... 
Drinkin with < PROPFIRST > Fernandez and < PROPMALE > :) 
Finally got rid of my piece of shit car . So happy right now ! 
Omg A Perfect Circle tonight !!! I'm super excited !!! 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > Winehouse :( 
Super excited for tonight ! Come on 7pm I'm ready for some < PROPMALE > ! 
Coffee and The Sopranos is a perfect start to my morning :) 
Day 5 of no cigarettes ... This is the longest I've been without one since i took that chantix bullshit years ago to quit . Very proud of myself right now :) 
Why am I having such a hard time staying awake and I was in bed by 9 last night :( 
Gonna go to the gym this afternoon . I'm excited cuz I haven't really worked out since the wreck . So I'm gonna be sore as hell tomorrow ! 
So fucking tired of getting all these spam calls !!!! The majority of them when I call back are non working < PROPFIRST > wtf ... I have 10 < PROPFIRST > blocked now ... Very close to saying fuck it and changing my number . 
Love when the edge plays good 90's music :) 
Feeling a lot better now ! Now I need to throw on some makeup and chill with the besties tonight . 
Had 2 cockrell hill cops behind my parked car with their lights on just cuz I left my lights on . Um alright .... 
Finally done cleaning and doing laundry . Now it's time to relax and cook some dinner . 
Today is going to be a busy day . Hope it flies by quick . 
Ready to get off work and go home and be lazy ... 
Love the new Kanye song . Anything with < PROPMALE > Redding is good in my book 
40 mins to make it to < PROPMALE > blvd on loop 12 ... I hate traffic !!!! 
No gym today on my way home to save Ms. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > from the heat 
Deleting people I don't really know or never met off fb ... 
Ready to go home and have a < PROPFEMALE > or 2 :) 
This new \director of sales\ " jackass needs to stop getting on my last nerves . I'm trying real hard to hold my tongue but I know for a damn fact he can read my bitchy body language :) " 
T-shirt time !! 
Yummy lo mein for lunch :) 
Boo having a sunburn on your ass is no buono :( 
Time to party like its 1899 ! Lol < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Garcia , Yanet Trevino , < PROPFEMALE > Garza . 
Blah my allergies are goin crazy :( 
In the mood for breakfast with mimosas :) 
Boo they are sold out of my book that I want :( 
La Dolce < PROPFEMALE > and a shiner while I do laundry . 
Finally watching Childrens Hospital for the firt time and I love it !! 
Trouble for what ... Trouble for being real ! Lol 
Come on 5pm ... I'm ready to go home and cook . 
Woke up in a good mood today :) 
Yummy crepes :) 
Jersey Shore at my place ! Don't forget < PROPFEMALE > Garza < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Garcia and Yanet Trevino . 
I hate people who ride my ass in traffic ! Cuz of course that will make all the cars in front of me go faster ... Asshole ... 
T-shirt time with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Garza , Yanet Trevino and , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Garcia ! 
So freaking tired ! I'm so not doing anything tonight but sleeping ... 
My license plates are in but don't feel like do anything this afternoon ... 
Drinking coffee and watching The A-Team before I spend my day cleaning and doing laundry . 
Got my appointment for the cardiovascular tech school tomorrow :) 
Chillin with the bestie < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Garcia <3 
Boo I'm sleepy :( 
Gonna go check out the school after work and don't know what I will be doing after ... 
Meeting at the school went great . Have a few more classes to knock out this semester :) 
Got to register for classes on my lunch and go back after work to deal with financial aid ... 
Fml the freaking line to register was to the front door and they wont let me do it online . I'm getting nervous I wont get the classes I need :( 
About to leave work for the day and head over to school . Wonder how long this is gonna take ... 
Blah I hate waiting and its freezing in here :( 
After a 3hr wait I got the classes I wanted ! :) 
Does anyone know how to replace a headlight socket ? I have a short in one of my low beams and don't want to spend a lot of money taking it to a mechanic ... 
Watching The Labyrinth :) 
\All you touch and all you see is all you life will ever be \"" 
So much for sleeping in ... My cat keeps pawing my face to get my attention ... 
Don't feel good at all ... Threw up last night and now I just feel out of it ... 
Yay my financial aid kicked in ! 
Weeds <3 
Debating whether I should buy some carlashes . They are so cute ! 
Holy crap I just realized I've been reading this crazy article on conspiracies for an hour . Time to get back to work lol 
Jersey Shore with the besties tonight !!!! 
Your at a strip club ... ( look at the first six people in your friends list)\ 
\ 
THE POLE DANCER : < PROPFEMALE > Rincon\ 
BARTENDER : < PROPFIRST > Khotsomphou\ 
PERSON WHO TRIES TO GET YOU DRUNK : Stephaney Lindsey-Ingram\ 
HOTTEST PERSON IN THE ROOM : < PROPFEMALE > Godoy\ 
DRUNK PERSON IN THE CORNER : Yanet Trevino\ 
PERSON THAT GETS ARRESTED : < PROPMALE > Dunn 
Holy shit I almost forgot about Jersey Shore !! 
Got everything ready for the week . A lil nervous about taking 10hrs and working full time but I know I can do it . 
Liked my first class :) Now time to find out where my next one is . 
Blah got an essay due wednesday . 
So I'm tired of the tons of spam/scam calls I get daily . So phone number will be changed this afternoon . 
Made an appointment to get my hair cut this weekend . So ready to chop some of my hair off ! 
<3 
Boo my knee hurts :( Now drinking for a while ! 
So I came home to find out that we are dog sitting for the weekend . Makes me want a puppy of my own . 
I hate waking up so early on the weekends .... Oh well thats what I ger for being lame and crashing out before 10 lol 
Movie night with Yanet Trevino and < PROPFIRST > Fernandez . 
I cant get over how great it feels outside ! 
Brr I'm cold and I love it ! 
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again , this time more intelligently . 
Finally home from school ... I'm so freakin tired !! :( 
Can't wait to get out of < PROPFIRST > for the weekend ! 
Back in < PROPFIRST > :) 
Would like to spend time with a certain someone ;) but I have to go to school ... 
Catching up on bad girls club <3 
Booo I don't wanna go to school :( 
Work and school are starting to take a toll on me ... Has me breaking out :( 
Just woke up and now time to do some more studying for my test . 
Waiting in this boy to get ready lol 
Eating pizza and watching movies :) 
Just had to delete some dumbass that was very vulgar ... Don't like when men come at me in a dirty way and especially when I'm not looking for anyone . Pisses me off cuz that was so degrading !!! 
I was sitting at a light singing my heart out to < PROPFEMALE > and realize my windows are down . Can we say awkward !!! 
Chill night :) 
\A dream you dream alone is only a dream . A dream you dream together is reality . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Lennon " 
So I'm debating whether or not to cancel my Netfilx . I rarely use it and they raised the price and on top of that they are taking a shit load of movies off of it . Might be doing redbox from now on . 
<3 Happy Birthday to Analy Farias !! <3 
Grrr I hate traffic !!!!!! 
I need coffee asap !! 
Come on 5pm !!!! 
Had a sudden change in plans but making it a chill night . 
Holy crap spent last night and and an hour so far this morning working on my study guide for psych and not even done ( and the test is tomorrow . ) And on top of that I have a 1000 word essay due tomorrow . Today is gonna be a busy day . 
Ahh my coworkers are sick . Time for some airbone ! 
Still patiently waiting .... Even though I hate it lol . I will for him :) 
Gonna go to my first Cowboys game tonight with my girls from work ! 
Never thought I would be this excited to go to a Cowboys game ! lol 
What I've been wanting is obviously never gonna happen ... oh well more time for school and friends . 
< PROPFEMALE > confused on what to do right now :( 
Truth may sometimes hurt but delusion harms . 
Gonna miss Jersey Shore again tonight :'( 
Actually having a really good day :) 
Love my friends ! Always there for me :) 
Omg I need a cigarette after driving home in that shit !!!!! 
So happy it's Friday and pay day :) 
Come on 5pm so I can go get my pedi :) 
Mani and pedi time :) 
Haven't chilled with her in forever !! 
:) 
Had a good night :) 
Catching up on jersey shore . 
Ahhhh today has been a crazy day ! 
Almost time for my psych test . I feel really good about it ! 
Spent my whole lunch doing homework ... which sucked but all i have to do tonight is study some . 
Grrr my allergies are driving me crazy today :( 
Yay I made an A on my psych test :) 
