What is the point in worrying about something you will never know the answer to ? and why is it when you lose it you really lose it ? and why on god's green earth is the biggest issue about the thing that saves you ? my most important question : why do I have to ask ? \ 
\ 
fml !!!!!!!!!!! fm !!!!!!!!!!!! fml !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

never thought i'd ever feel this cold in the summer :( 
I might have burned my finger , and had one of the worst hangovers I have ever had , but i've got to say i've never been happier . :) 
praying for my nephew , and hating my sister's guts . 
why ?!?!!!!!!!!!! 
days seem to pass really slowly , when your just waiting . 
I feel like a cracked mirror , simplicity is the only dream I can attach myself to , I wonder if maybe I am just as useless and repugnant as I sound . 
I cannot wait for friday night , hopefully I'll get alittle peace ... damn it !!! 
tonight sucked , bog . ' s theaters suck , and I am going to sleep freaked the fuck out . 
while trying to figure out what to do with my life , I've realized most of the time you don't have a choice without changing yourself . + 
is really feeling the irony of things . 
With how things are right now , I don't think I have the words to write a status . :) 
I just got done writing some lyrics , haha guess I found the words afterall . 
I am now officially a red head . yay ..... no more blond jokes . :) 
my sister is in the hospital with pancretitus , haha like crohn's wasn't enough . 
the fair was fun . got to bring my little siblings so ... all in all , I feel good about it . though I know I am going to have much more fun tomorrow , :) ily baby 
I cut my bangs , oh wow , lol 
Boredom seems to spread like a disease . 
hhm ... looks like I gonna learn texas hold'em this weekend . ily < PROPFEMALE > and mrs. < PROPFEMALE > can't wait to see ya'll this weekend . 
playing 31 was fun , hope we could do something like it again sometime , love yall\ 
( sascha and mrs. sue ) 
my nephew just started this phase where every time we put a diaper on him , he takes it off , so now we have to put the diapers on backwards . lol i love my life . 
Will u live the lie ? How you live is how you'll die Yet , fear is only in our heads . How we use it decides what we get So we dwell amongst our deepest desires Allowing the thoughts to make us burn as fire . All our aspirations are born from this selfish greed . Yet we murder and ravage as if it were a selfless need . Using logic to address our actions . Long use makes us numb . Losing sight to what life is , which is love . 
so bored it's making me nauseous . :P 
Damn , I feel like running away and joining the circus . 
SLEEP !!!!!!! PLEASE DEAR GOD LET ME SLEEP !!!!!!!!!!, PEACE . 
spent my week shopping for christmas gotta spend my weekend doing it too , ugh ... I am not leaving my bed for awhile ........ 
whoever drives the truck that split my head open this morning , better watch-out . I'm on to the little fucker ..... hehehe 
my hair is nearly purple ,......... yay ... 
just got the guilt trip of a life time , and who else does it better than my mother , okay yea I might be skipping christmas , yet there is no reason for me to be here besides watching the baby , lord i am sorry that for once I want to spend my holiday with someone who makes me happy . I don't deserve alot , but i do deserve to be happy . 
waiting on < PROPFIRST > .... ahh .... 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas Facebook .... 
\those who still have dreams are those who never had to face the world for what it is . \"" 
Just had my first good dream since 2 years , I don't know what caused it but I am thankful for the change . :) 
can't wait for the weekend to hurry up and get here , ugh . 
stomach hurts so bad . ugh ... 
mtv is for the weak minded , grr . 
lesson learned . trust is worthless . 
\who am i ?..... I don't know I haven't got your answer yet . \"" 
hmm ..... 
life is weird , memories stay , and time fades . the three things that never change . 
chocolate n banana daquiri is not a good mix with cheesecake . 
I've wasted so much time feeling sorry for myself , that I could have used just to be happy . And I wish the world can realize that . :) 
Today is fat tuesday and my birthday ,.... I hope everyone's mardi gras is going great . :) 
i was gonna watch beastly last night , but instead I watched I am number four and I gotta say it was pretty badass . it was like x men meets aliens ,... lol 
\ this is how you know you are dating some one addicted to drama . when the first thing they say is ( i'm just like totally not about that drama . ) \ " - < PROPFIRST > d'elia " 
i dyed my hair black ,... and idk if i made a good decision . lol 
life is so wonderful ..... :) 
have you ever looked at some kind of food that looked good but you knew you would regret eating it ? yea ... I ate it ... ehh ... 
In a very lonely mood :( 
girls who advertise their assets online are pathetic ..... egh ... 
CAN'T STOP SNEEZING ... CHOO ... IT SUCKS !!!!!!! 
awesome salad time !!!! 
had some awesome crawfish lastnight :P 
a very janked up night of sleep ,... * note to self*never fall asleep after eating mexican . very messed up dreams ..... ugh . 
cannot wait for the weekend !!!!! :) 
tired as hell ..... 
woke up at 6 a.m. and apparently I am not going back to bed ,..... ugh , but I am so tired .... 
hahaha ,... well my weekend just got f*%&ed !!!! screw you world , you make me sick !!!!!!!!! 
girls need to stop having kids when they know they can't take care of them , hell they can't even take care of themselves . they are so pathetic . 
wishing < PROPFEMALE > came easy ......... 
my hair looks like < PROPFIRST > einstein made love to it ,.... lol it's killing me 
woke up pissed off but at least i got to snuggle with my baby :) 
anyone who cannot enjoy a reese's peanut butter cup must be out of their damn mind !!! :) getting my chocolate fix . I should get paid for advertisement lol 
