The Entourage is now complete ! 

It's my Birthday & I'll do what I want to ! Going to eat with my girl < PROPFEMALE > ! Then out to the bar later to celebrate with the rest of the September babies !! 
Thanks to everyone for all the Birthday wishes ! And a great Birthday last night !!! :-D 
I miss my family .... :-( 
Yep it's the middle of October and it's snowing ! Typical < PROPMALE > weather ! 
Apparently my family just kicks ass ... bottom line ! :-D 
I am a proud auntie again ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Trump-9 lbs . 12 oz . 22 inches-What a big girl ! Wish I could be there to hold the angel and give my Beautiful Sissy a hug ! I love my family ! 
My family has such beautiful children !!! I love my family ! 
Rest in Peace Grampa < PROPMALE > .... 
Finals week ... Studying ... Then home for 2 1/2 weeks !!! 
Home for Christmas Break ! Ah I love Christmas time !! 
I really really hate people who think they are better than everyone else . People like that need to take a look in the mirror and re-think the way they interact with people !! 
So ... I just talk to < PROPFEMALE > on the phone and she tells me her boyfriends < PROPFIRST > Smith and < PROPFIRST > the \Guy\ " ( they are from Pocahontas as she points out to me ) are cracking her up ! I gotta love my family !! :-D " 
I love my family ! And miss them ! I wanna be home ! 
I really just wanna be home right now 
I feel like I'm gonna fall asleep at work right now ... 
So ready for it to be 11:30 so I can get off work ! 
Today just sucked ... can't wait to go home Friday ! 
It better stop snowing so I can go home tomorrow ! And actually be able to relax !!!! 
HOME !! :-) 
It's almost the weekend ! I will be home for Easter ! One of my favorite holidays !! Can't wait ! I love my family !! :-D 
Is it bad that I missed Mansfield ?? 
Going to see the Easter < PROPFEMALE > with my Sissica , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > is super excited ! :-) 
Happy Easter everyone ! I am so thankful for everything I have !!! :-D 
Working out hardcore today ! Then volleyball tonight ! It's so beautiful out ! I can't help but be happy !!! :-D 
I really do not like Tuesdays ..... 
? It's gonna be a good weekend ! ? 
Great weekend !? Now I gotta get some work done ... 
Trying to study for Spanish with a migraine ... not fun at all ... 
One final down ... two to go ! Then I'm done !! :-) 
All Done ! Graduating on Sunday ! WooHoo !! And I'd like to thank my loving and supportive family and my wonderful boyfriend ! ? I love you guys so much and I couldn't have done it without you !! ? 
I'm officially a graduate ! And I start in the real world tomorrow morning at 8 
So .. A couple days of working in the real world ... I'm liking it so far :-) Let's see how it is with two jobs ... that will start next week ! 
For the next week ... 75 hours of work ... Yea it's gonna be a long week ! But I'm sure I'm gonna love it ! :-) 
Wow it's exhausting working more than 80 hours a week every week ... But I love my days off ! Time to spend with my family and AJ ! :-) 
Ugghhhh ... Working 90 plus hours a week is really tiring ... But I do enjoy my jobs :-) 
Off to Ocean City for a couple days for a family vacation ! And it's well needed ! :-) 
I'm pretty much never on here . I'm always working . Better way to get ahold of me is to call or text :-) 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday Wishes ! And yes it was a great birthday ! Love you all ! 
I love my family and I'm so lucky to have all of them in my life ! :-) 
You and I wake up in a jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your statusso I can comment on yours . Play along . 
