thought I was going to be alone tonight but then got saved by < PROPMALE > and Nate . Thanks guys and it was really fun . . . even though you don't have facebook hope you guys get this lol : D 

I'm off to work to get double pay to day for it being a new year . I'm also thinking of walking around after I get off , send me a text if you would like to join me . 
I finished my DMV book and now I have to re read through it and hopefully I can take the writen test monday morning . I'm so proud and now I'm off to go do something 
Ummm I gots nothing 
I had a fun time at the springs =D 
is there a point to blowng up the world or is just good clean fun 
These are the times that we need to step up or just back down ... 
these are the items that are in your bag : water , pokeball , food , and a lion ; what do you do ? 
In this equation the only one who can win is the right answer ... So we all know I'm not that so who it 
Can someone please tell me what I need to do ... I'm lost and I don't know where I'm going tin life 
we have to find our own truth but most times we leave everyone behind 
In our time we all get broken and guess what I'm broken and I don't know why 
qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm . now find the word hidden in the message 
my heart is just pretty much hurting 
Muhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha !!! MEOW ?!?!?! 
They went down durka durka street 
I just wish my brother cared about me ... ahh fuck it I never needed him in the first place 
Broadway is dark tonight , see the young man sitting in the old man's bar waiting for his turn to die 
You know < PROPFIRST > I'm done . I've asked for help over and over and you continue to ignore my existence . Now I just don't care 
anyone want to come to Sobies around 1130 with me 
Its been years sense the last time I've seen your face and seasons sense the last time I've heard your voice . Now i stand here waiting for you to come back into my life yet I know I'll never see you again after what was said on that frightful day all those years ago . 
I just destroyed the anime I just bought ( I watched 525 minutes of anime in one day while I was working too ) and slept for ten hours last night 
I just got in a bad bike wreck and I screwed up my right hip , my right ankle , I hit my left wrist and got road rash , and I also screwed up my left knee even more . Then I had to walk across town 
I'm just kicking back with my pizza listening to the Garillaz and watching the world go by 
As I sit on the rock out , that sets above the ocean water , I stare off into the beautifull sunset thinking about all the goot times that I have had with everyone of you 
In our moments comes our truths , In our truths comes our examples , In our examples comes our families , In our families comes our love , In our love comes our our fight for who we are , And who we are determine everything about us and how we live our lives . In these moments we are able to stand up and be proud of who were are , And I am who I am and nothing will change that . 
ah man my chest is in some serious pain right now ... ow fuck ... that crash did more then what I thought it did 
Um .... well I have nothing other to say then ... um ... GAME !!! MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA SUCKER 
Just sitting around my house being all alone because no one wants to < PROPFEMALE > out . * sigh * Hello my friend invisible < PROPMALE > , how is you ?... 
When I see you close you eye so you can feel the soft breeze flow across your face , like I mothers hand feeling her childs soft skin with the back of her fingers , I fell my heart stop for the beauty I see flowning through you . 
When the night falls upon us , thats when we'll open our eyes and start to walk these streets for we are the B.S.E. 
Drum role please ... Because I feel like dominating the world tonight and I need more cow bells 
When we hide behind our lies and shelter ourselfs from the world's truths we are only lossing ourselfs to our darkest secrets . 
Badger Badger Badger Badger Badger Badger Mushroom Mushroom ... 
We all fall , we all face our fears , we all can't keep our feet on the ground , we all fall in love with the one , we all feel our hearts pain , we all are here for eachothe , we all leave the worlds sorrow , we all look into ourselfs to find our selfs , and its only us who can find our truths 
If we keep holding ourselves to the regrets of our past we'll all fall into the shadows of our falling selves 
I'm have way to many old memories and bad thoughts going through my head again .... I have one of two choses take a pill and sleep it off for the night or just go for a walk to get it out of my head . 
Come set by me on the cliffs over looking the ocean and we'll watch the curtains go up to watch the sunset over the ocean 
As I sit here in the < PROPFEMALE > light circled around an ash fire with new friends , I kick back and watch the night unfold into a new adventure 
I cant run to you no more to catch me I know I have to let you go I will not be broken for ever tear a lesson learned every good time < PROPFEMALE > 
Holy shit I was driving today ... now I'm going to get my learner permit , hopefully , soon XD 
Damn it ... I just wish I she knew how much I cared about her ... 
I'm in I'm out , I'm up I'm down , I'm here I'm there , I'm left I'm right , I'm lost I'm found , I'm post I'm sound , I'm just who I am 
I'm going to go make something out of myself to prove that I'm someone , not something . I also seen her again today ... and I'm scared 
In this < PROPMALE > I wait for the one I love , I will not take for I am like a dove . I sit here counting the days , Of when we'll lay by the bay . As I see the sun set , I can feel the chill of winters set . I take one last summer breath , To feel the ice cold finger of winters death . So I stand to face the sun , To walk this world in search of the one . 
As I start to walk through the doorway , I turn to see your pretty face . I feel all of the pain in my heart , because I know it can't be . I turn off the light and shut the door telling you good night 
In most of our strength's rest our weakness , and in most of our weakness's rest our strength 
not making a second thought , no rerets , bring the night on I'll fight it to the end 
Just done ... Don't mind my hands they'll heal and so will my headache ... I'm just going to go to bed ... 
AHHH !!! FUCK EVERYTHING !!! I am so fucking pissed off at my brother !!! SHIT !?!?!? 
close all windows , shut the blinds , grab a blanket and pillow , lock myself in a closest , and hide from everything 
Went to school and I was very nervous No one knew me , Hello teacher tell me what's my lesson Look right through me , I find it kind of funny I find it kind of sad The dreams in which I'm dying Are the best I've ever had 
123457890-=qwertyuiop[]\\asdfghjkl;' zxcvbnm ,. /` ~!@#$%^&* ()_+QWERTYIOP{}ASDFGHJKL : \ZXCVBNM <> ?... I lost controle and now I need a sandwich ... MEOW MEOW MEOW !!! GAME !?!?!? I think I lost it " 
Had an amazing night with to of the coolest lady's ever . It was great seeing her smile and it made my night . :) 
In summers last breath of life , I can see winters cruel cold knife . I look to you and see your shining light , I do not run I do not fight . For I feel your love in your smile , I can see your beauty for miles . I feel a cool sharp pain piercing my chest , I hold my breath and fall in your arms . I let out summers last breath , to whisper your my winter sunset . You pull out your knife , Giving me a kiss whispering your my summer knight 
WHY ???? SNOW ?!?!?!?! 
In the eyes of a dreamer anything can happen . 
In the darkness we all hide , We sheild our eyes from our truths , We may run we may jump but we can never excape the tide , None will answer the mysterious call , From the one that we all fear , All our loved ones will shed there teirs , His bone hands will catch us as we fall , For he is death and it is the fait of us all . 
When death is looking you in the face with a smiling one can only smile back 
... I'll be over here watching life pass me by ... just tell I feel like myself again 
In the moments of truth or dare , There is only one who plays fair . In these lives we hold dear , We always lose them to our fear . We hold our head down with our sorrow , In the fear of there being no tomorrow .... 
Fuck I hate my head most days .... I just need a smoke and probably a walk ... I'm just going away now ... 
MEOW !!!! MEOW !!!!! WOOF !!!! BARK !!!! BOW WOW !!!! now thats the one that gets me when have you ever heard a dog go \bow wow ! \"" 
I'm getting tattooed next wednesday 
Pizza , < PROPFEMALE > , ninja's , pie , meow mix , < PROPFIRST > , and a baseball bat .... this is how you turn on a new T.V. 
I feel your pains , I feel your sadness , and I am here for you no matter what because your my friend and I'll always be there 
In this < PROPMALE > I wait for the one I love , I will not take for I am like a dove . I sit here counting the days , Of when we'll lay by the bay . As I see the sun set , I can feel the chill of winters set . I take one last summer breath , To feel the ice cold fingers of winters death . So I stand to face the sun , To walk this world in search of the one . 
Where the wild things are was an amazing movie ... its just it brought up alot of old memories that messed with my head ... I just need another walk tonight 
I really hate durnk people ... they tried to mug me and get in a fight .... then a cop drove by and they took off 
Ok so now I feel much better and I'm not going to destroy the world 
I know I'm insane thats why I live in left field and I've got to tell you I have the best view in the house 
I get tattooed in a few days . < PROPMALE > I promise you'll love it . Its a panda ! 
In these memories u will cherish , The 1 u love and hold so dear . Even if they swim there own away like a fish , U will have to remember to not run away from ur fear . I promise I will always be here for u , No matter where u are . I will always get that smile to make ur day that much better , Even if u are long and I am far . If u need a shoulder to < PROPFEMALE > on , I will be there to listen . For u are my friend and that is what we live for 
\\ This is my life , I can run I can hide , In fear I may die , I will live my life with no lie , One day I will break my shy . This was my hidden life , I will always run I will always hide , From death who will cut my tie , Hide my life behind these eyes . This is my only life , I will not run I will not hide , I will live my life till I die . This is my life , This was my life , This is my only life . 
In my memories u will find me , I will not run I will not hide , I'll just set here thinking of all those better days 
I'm off trying to save something ... I think this time it'll be my phone because its acting really weird 
In our heart is love we hold dear , In our strength we hold our fear , our heart may shed its tiers , but we'll always be here 
Cool my bro didn't say hi again ... 
I is getting my panda and < PROPMALE > bear in about 4 hours ... then I have to go to work ... lol oh to be young 
Food , facebook , myspace , system of a down , and a shower . I are good at multitasking 
is way way out in left field today . I think I'll make camp here ... \HEY ANYONE WANT TO JOIN ME OUT HERE ! \"" 
Bloodhound gang , Smash mouth , and real big fish . Ya i know today is going to be a good day 
Is off work and is going to get in the shower wash my tattoo off and then kick back with some friends to enjoy the night . 
Meow ? 
Is today going to just be one of those days ?... Yep today is aalrighty then well if I freak out on someone I don't mean too 
Yep today is one of the day's to start off one of those weeks . Sorry but I just kinda need to be alone for a little while . 
Man I fail at life ... after I get done eatting I'm going to go for a walk ... 
Yep today is one of the day's to start off one of those weeks . Its just that this is when I lost my brothers and now I'm thinking too much about it 
In the years that have passed I still have yet to forget as easy as they have ... I'll just keep my head up and keep putting one foot infront of the other and never forget about how much I still love both my brothers 
After all these years , after what happened , I know its not my fault but I still do , think it is , no matter which way I look at it 
Dude seriously what the fuck is it with my past coming out in the movies I watch lately ... First \where the wild things are\ " reminded me of my brothers getting taken away and now \ " requiem for a dream\ " reminded me of my mom and what happened to her when she did drugs ... man now I feel like just disappearing forever ... " 
I forgot where i was for about ten fifeteen minutes 
oh my god ! oh my god ! oh my god ! oh my god ! oh my god !... You guy have to check this out . Ok watch me . Are you watching ? ok 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... poof ( smoke cloud ) ... I'm gone like a ninja . :3 
Good morning everyone and encase I don't see you . Good afternoon , Good day and Good night . 
In these memories you'll find yourself . In these moments you'll find someone . In this life you'll see me 
Well it's been ten years and a thousand tears And look at the mess I'm in A broken nose and a broken heart , An empty bottle of gin Well I sit and I pray In my broken down Chevrolet While I'm singin ' to myself There's got to be another way Take away this ball and chain Well I'm lonely and I'm tired And I can't take any more pain Take away , take away Never to return again 
Ya for another sleepless night in doodles head ... * sigh * atleast today should be fun hangingout with friend 
Had a good night just know i'm getting sick and if I'm not to sick I'm going to go sledding . anyone want to come if i do ? 
I'm glad that I am able to help my friends 
Guess you got rot really sick and cant call in to work .... this guy .... fuck the snow man 
is getting sick and really wants to go sledding but can't because of how I'm feeling ... :/ meh 
Is sick and in order to pass time he's going to take some night quill and is going to play W.O.W. just because he's so board out of his mind 
The internetz ska and peace . This is a fun time . All thats missing a good conversation , but I finally am able to relax after a few weeks of trying . 
I feel like a zombie ... oh nose I got a sickness ... 
ya for being sick it just makes me so happy to know I can't go to work and make some money to pay bills . Excuse me waiter can I have a side of extra sarcasm please 
I don't understand My favorite month of the year is October but its the one with the worst memories . I'm not upset or anything just kinda puzzled 
I am no longer a virgin !.... too < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show that is . XD 
Lmfao so I asked nestlie about banana mix and if they were going to get it back so they sent me a coupon for a free 16oz milk 
I run to the door and feel a kiss on my unshaven face , I smile as I wake to the rising sun . 
I is feeling really really great , I am so happy to be where I am , and I'm very happy to have her in my life 
lol I have to work at the theater today , It going to be so much fun . 
Had the best day with the most amazing girl ever XD . Its so great seeing her happy that it make my world go round . 
had another amazing night last night . I'm on my way to work and can't wait for my break or to get off work tonight . 
Just had a really long day at work and just needs to take a break you all have fun . I also hope she has sweet dreams . 
I has had an amazing night so far and now is putting more music onto my Zune :3 
had a good talk with < PROPFIRST > for the last few hours and is now off to have dinner with my dad and someone very special :3 
I'm just kinda worried about a lot of things 
< PROPFEMALE > shit !!! 18 inches of snow in less then 16 hours and its still coming down !!! XD I can't wait for sledding 
life has its up and has its down but I'm so happy to be here in the now . :) I can't wait for an amazing day tomorrow 
I had an amazing day today :3 and now I have to be to work in a few hours ... why don't ask me but I'll figure it all out 
Had an amazing night last night and feel aslleep with the most amazing beautiful girl in my arms :3 
Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Meow ! Woof ? 
Happy turkey day everyone ! I hope its a great day for all of us =3 
Thank god that black friday wasn't bad and I'm so happy that I was able to see her today . =3 
Is looking up to watch beautiful < PROPFEMALE > rise and thinking of the one who will always make my heart shine : ) 
I have a feeling that today is going to be an amazing day . 
I had finally cleaned my room , moved stuff around , and also doing laundrey . YAY ! for a clean room . 
had it pretty rough at work but got to see a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > rise . I was also thinking of her the entire time I watched it . 
Now lets see whats going to go on tonight ... damn everyone is at work ... I guess I'll just have to go fight off some more zombies * clicking noise from a gun * < PROPFEMALE > on I'll be there to kill you in a sec * bang bang * 
I hope she has a wonderful night and that she is able to sleep really well before her trip back :3 
yay for poetry at 3 in the morning , but I have a feeling it does help alot P.S. I also really love the one poetry genre called \the game\ " :3 " 
Today so far was bad ... woke up too a phone call from my mama crying and she is all alone in Atlanta ... my brothers have both ditched her and won't talk to her ... and my brother < PROPFIRST > won't even let my mama hold her grand daughter 
I have to go to work at 6 ... Yay work in -19 weather 
lol this is kinda funny picking up < PROPFIRST > and putting him on jeffy ... and when ever I do he always makes me lose the game 
When I see your smile Tears run down my face I can't replace And now that I'm strong I have figured out How this world turns cold and it breaks through my soul And I know I'll find deep inside me I can be the one I will never let you fall I'll stand up with you forever I'll be there for you through it all Even if saving you sends me to heaven 
I'm in I'm out , I'm up I'm down , I'm black I'm white , I'm here I'm there , but no matter what I'll always look to the bright side and I'm so happy to have her in my life ^^ 
Up , up , up , up , and away we go !!! no more worries and no more sorrow . Just strait up happiness : 3 
I'm off to work to bring in all teh money I can : P 
In the life's of how many we know , it just makes us wonder of how many of them we have saved . 
Jump up , then fly away with me ! : 3 
holy crap I shaved everything off my face and now I look weird again . I also hope she his a great night sleep : 3 
I gets a hair cut tomorrow . I hope that things go well for her during finals and hope she has a great night sleep : 3 
had to follow a clown for five minutes and then ten dallors in a little purple box that was under a big tree the clown pushed over : D 
hair cut time : ) 
Holy shit ... i didn't even understand how bad the economy is doing tell after my dad talked to me ... there is word one tatto shop shut its door's and by the sound of it another is about too ... I'm just really worried about my dad and hope it all works out 
well I'm off to have a coffee with < PROPFIRST > and probably convence him to help me get the rest of my christmas presents 
yay I now got a few more christmas presents and I'm almost fully done : 3 just got to get three more and it'll all be done 
for someodd reason my ankel hurts really bad and its hard to walk on it , but at the same time I really want to walk the town for a few 
I need too get some food but I'm to lazy to cook anything . lol 
I'm on my way to work to have a blast : D 
lol its 630 and I'm just starting to go to bed , wow really take over if your really bored , night everyone . I also hope that her final goes well : 3 
I think I is going to go on another walk tonight : 3 . It sound nice if anyone wants to join me send me a text . I'm not going to be going for about an hour or so . 
ok scratch the walk I just randomly got hit by the sleepyness ... so instead I'm just going to get cumfortable and then go from there . I hope she has a great night and she gets the sleep she needs : 3 
I'm up I'm down , I'm in I'm out , I'm here I'm there , I'm around I'm found , I just am who I am 
I had a blast at the springs with my dad , < PROPMALE > , and most amazing girl ever : 3 . Thanks for an amazing time everyone 
I is having a great night , out of town , and spending it with the one that makes me heart shine : 3 
lol so I work at teh theaters , for the past few years , and I just found out that they close early on christmas-eve ... so I guess Avatar is out of the question but WOW isn't lol 
I'd say I have had a pretty great Christmas my self . I got some clothes , Pajama's , and some movies . Then I got to go watch the Sherlock Holmes movie . : D 
I is off to bed finally and I hope that everyone has had a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and I'll talk to you all laters . 
is higly enjoying the night with < PROPFIRST > moey , Jeffy bear , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and my dear : 3 . Life is doing great and I would really like more nights like these 
Meow , meow , meow .... Woof , woof , woof .... I'm so board : / 
I'm now off to help a friend move 
I have had a pretty good night out . I just got to walk around town and talk with a friend . :) 
Is just enjoying life ! Hanging out with my best friend and making new friends that just make me laugh and smile all the time ! 
Can't wait for tomorrow . I get to go to the DMV and set up a time for a test and I also have a date with a very beautiful lady : 3 
had a great night with a very beautiful lady and I hope that she starts to feel better soon ! 
Is rocking out to Me First and the Gimme Gimme's before work . He also hopes that she is feeling better and would like for her to have a really good day off . 
Oh my god I thought of a plan and it just might work out : D . . . and as soon as it does I'll let you all know what it was 
Some how I really hurt my arm at work by ripping a ticket ... Can any one say \Wow . \"" 
In the mist of trying , everyone can see failure , but it depends on how you take your approach to over come the failure that we all see . 
I am running up a wall trying to get the cat from off the tree in the house of connifer . 
The dreams of the children is whan can make our future . So lets keep our heads up and a smile on to keep the kids happy no matter what : 3 
If Yellowstone does go up in our time , I'm going to be the kid to go down in history for being the idiot who played jump rope on top of it while listening to \It's The End Of The World As We Know It\ " by R . E . M . " 
Is living in the moment of life and enjoying every single moment that finds me setting in the shade under a great big blue sky holding her hand and keeping my smile on . 
Has a big day tomorrow . I get to take a writen drivers test tomorrow at 10 A . M . ish and then go on a date with a very beautiful lady tomorrow night : 3 
I PASSED MY DRIVERS WRITTEN TEST !!! X D but the funny thing is that I still look like a stoner in my picture . ( Roflmao ) 
Just had an amazing day . Passed my written drivers test and just got done with a date with a very beautiful lady : 3 
\Shhhhhh ... \ " * whisper * \ " We're in a library . \"" 
Is trying to still get that cat out of teh tree but now he's in a shandeler and the conifer walls are way to small ... * idea * I'll just be like Indiana Jones 
The ones who enlighten our life are our greatest friends and the one's who stand beside us through the thick and thin are our family but most emportantly the ones who can bring a smile to our face are the one who are both friends and family ! 
hopefully today is a nice relaxing day and hopefully thing's will also go great today for everyone . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
I has a < PROPMALE > too take over the world tomorrow and I'm going to take it ! Muhahahahahahahahahahaha ! XD 
I is getting ready to go to sweat and I'll be back in a while . Hope everyone will be ok with me gone lol : D 
The road of life has its trips , There bumps that make us fall , There are smooth parts that help us stand , Then there is just a road . On this road everyone has there tips , That will help us all , The ones that will leave a brand , Or ones that will help take away our loads . The road of life is never easy , We'll all feel a simple breeze . It may make us wheezy , But it makes us feel at ease . God this road of life is a blessing ! 
I is up and awake for the next few hours ... Muahahahahahaha world domination will be mine one day ... hey wait thats right < PROPFIRST > already took it from me ... hmm ... Oh well I still like the evil laugh Muahahahahahahahahaha !!! XD 
Ninja vanish ! * smoke cloud * Muahahahahahaha !!! 
In the midst's of every war there is one hero who fights for good and the strength of everyone around him will help guide him through his battle . 
In one hand is the truth and the other in nothing . You choose one to get nothing and you choose the other to get the truth . If the truth is nothing and nothing is the truth . How would you choose the right one if there is no right one ? 
One day I'll get the hat from my dad that I like so much . One day ! lol 
Mmmmmmm .... bed sound really really good ... >.< * yawn * ... Zzzzzz Zzzzzz 
I has my Suzzie puppy for the next few nights !!! I'm so excited its unreal !!! XD 
I wish a was the greatest super hero ... F *** you man he gets right to the point ! 
Woke up today with a cleared mind with a will to take on the day fending off all the bad and embracing all the good 
* yawn * ninja vanish ... to bed ... Zzzzzzz ... 
* yawn * had one of the most amazing dreams about the most beautiful lady in my life and I didn't want to wake up . * yawn * and I know I'll have this smile for the rest of the day ! : D 
lol I'm procrastinating on going to bed ... I don't know how that is possible but its really happeneing . /facepalm 
No matter what we all fall and we all rise , but its up to us to find which one comes first and how long it'll last . 
Live each and everyday with a smile on and you'll always have fun ! 
Time to go and do something ... Hmm what to do ? What to do ? 
has decided to bake some brownies and then . . . that has still yet to come to me . 
I'm pissed at my zune because it's been deleting all my music ... I can't wait tell i have more money I'm getting and Ipod , hopefully it'll work better ... 
Just woke up on the wrong side of the bed today ... and I found out I have to work in a few ... so needless to say not a good day so far ... * sigh * 
I is getting sleepy ... * yawn * Suzzie has fallen asleep on my belly and now i'm getting sleepy too ... * yawn * : 3 
Is so inspired but \ Dr. Horrilbe's Sing-Alone Blog\ " that I don't know it I'll sleep tonight lol " 
\This appeared as a moral dilemma ‘Cause at first it was weird though I swore to eliminate The worst of the plague that devoured humanity It's true I was vague on the How So how can it be that you - have shown me the light ? It's a brand new day ! And the sun is high ! All the birds are singin ' that you're gonna die !... \ " - Dr. Horrible " 
We may never have what we want at first but if we keep holding in there and work for what we want we will always acheive . 
ok so here is the plan lol . Stay up most likely all night , then get a hair cut at 10am , the finish my taxes , then work , then keep myself awake tell midnight and go to bed . Lol oh the joys of youth : D 
I found a rock in my key board ... I'm not shocked I found something in my key board , but I'm confussed as to how a rock got there ... of all things and it had to be a rock ? lmao 
What the hell happened to facebook ! 
So I decided I should do this celebrity thingy so here you go guys 
For someodd reason I just can't sleep ... I tried to sleep but nothing is happening just still awake ... maybe I'll take suzzie on a little walk hmm sounds nice actually 
Had a nice walk to to the edge of the world , with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. , just to see whats on the other side of the creepy red barn . 
I don't know if its possible for this day to get any better . I had one of the most amazing walks last night and now I'm just in the worlds greatest mood XD 
I never realized how hunger I was when i read the info on Bigfoot pizza and now I'm starving lol . So who wants to buy me pizza ? XD 
Well I'm off to sleep the night away to have another great day XD * Yawn ! * 
I run to the door and feel a kiss on my unshaven face . I smile as I wake to the rising sun , I feel the heat where you kissed me with fun . 
Whats on my mind is to just go some where ... I don't know where or how but just go , because I'm board and want to go do something 
I is really board and wanting to go do something . 
Blaring music to piss of the neighbor's and to clean too ! Life is good ! XD 
Ya ! Almost fully done ! just got to clean the rest of my room , put my bed back together , and finish my laundry ! XD 
I just got done with most of my laundry and I have finished making my bed . Man its comfy :3 
For some odd reason i just want to look through all my photos from my childhood and I don't know why ... it probably doesn't help I was looking at some earlier 
lmao well I've been watching way to much anima ... like about * cough * 18 hours worth in the last * cough * 48 hours 
I don't like it when I have a very bad dream about evil clowns , a verizon store , talking dogs and i can't forget about the random cow in the sky being chased by a guy on a lawn mower ... it kinda makes you feel weird when you wake up ... 
Is glad I had a good walk home with a cigare and some good old memories to keep my mind preoccupied . 
I got shot at by robo cop and slapped but MLKJ ... What the hell man ! lmao 
I is really bored and lonely lol .... Hmmm what will I do ?... Zzzzzzz 
so I just found some really creepy photo's of cosplay people and its guys dressing as girls ... in mini shirts ... 
I'll hold my head high and never forget the memories ! Thanks for the good laughs and bringing a smile to my brothers face , you will always be missed < PROPMALE > ! :'( 
I have a feeling today is going to be and easy going today and I'm glad I have my music to listen to soft rock . 
So I'm going to kill my neighbors because there throwing a party and it above my room ... WHY !?!?!?!?!?!? 
Wow in the last 5 days I went from episode 41 to so far episode 100 ... save me ... 
You know I've really miss < PROPFIRST > because we could go to Perkins and talk ... and plus I just kinda would like to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone that would really make me laugh right about now ... 
Just so everyone knows mopping the floor and puting your life on the line are the same thing lol . 
I is way to much into anime ... but oh well I'm having a blast XP 
Doodle facepalm attack ! * SMACK ! * 
Hmmm ... Staying up late watching anime and trying to keep my puppy from have nightmares ... Poor Suzzie girl 
I feel like I got hit by a train ... and for some odd reason I'm breathing really heavy ... 
I wish there was a place to go at 2am in bozeman 
Well I'm just going to go crash on my couch ... hopefully it'll make me not wake up dead in the morning ... good night everyone and I'll see you around 
I'm off to go do what ever it is I'm going to go do ... lol 
\Holy shit a bike !?!?! \"" 
Tomorrow is going to be amazing !!! My dear is off to her home to have a blast , I'm getting my back looked at for my next tattoo , and a friend is coming back to town ... HELLS YAY !!!! XD 
Its good to hear how much fun she's having back at home and I hope it keeps it that way for her : D 
I'm going to sweat tomorrow to pray . I know this will be a tough one but I'll keep my heart and prayers strong for those who need them ! 
I figured out my back peice and now I'm got to work on the back ground and the seperation of it all ... I see alot of work in my future lol XD 
Wow you tend to loss track of time when you < PROPFEMALE > to read a good book ! : D 
So before I take off to utah I have to read 3 books ... Hmmm I don't know how to do this because I don't like reading all that much and I got a little over a week and a half lmao ! 
Hmmm ... I was so close to taking over the world last night in my sleep but I was stopped because < PROPFIRST > didn't want to lose her job lmao : D 
Well I'm off to go do the doodle thing 
Lol so I got so into walking I forgot to eat lmao 
Just want to talk ... but ... never mind 
Hold my hand and never let go , I'll never let go and I'll always hold you close . 
Hmmm ... I forgot to eat again ... ha ha ha wow I'm weird ... 
I wish things wouldn't have changed ... * sigh * I'll try and keep my head up ... : / 
I know everything will be ok ... I'll hold my head up as high as I can and keep walking my road strong . 
`1234567890-qwertyuiop[]\\asdfghjkl;' zxcvbnm ,. /beeplkjhgfds ~!@#$%^&* ()_+{}| :\ <>?" 
Just can't wait to get out and spend time with my cousin ! 
I'm off to go to to my dads ... I hope she'll be ok 
One day I'll find the one person who is right for me . The one who will walk with all there heart ! God I need a vacation ! 
I know one day that I'll find the one and I'll never let go of that hope , But I'm going to heal first . Man I can't wait to go to Utah ! 
Hmmmm ... Well to be honest I'm doing good guys but I still worrie for her 
I is holding my head as high as I can and I'll keep moving towards my dreams ! 
Oh man its too nice of a day to be hanging out inside ! I thought about calling in sick to just enjoy the day ! 
Well I'm off to Utah to go spend time with my cousin Marnina and I'll see all of you laters ! 
Woot I just cooked my first cake by myself ! XD 
I is haveing a great time thanks to marnina ! HA HA HA HA HA HA !!!! XD 
Mahahahahahahahahahaha !!! I'm starting to take over the world ... All part of my plan XD ! 
Had another amazing day today , but now I'm exhausted so I'm off to bed . Nighty night everyone ! XD 
Yep I'm very excited about today . I'm going lazer tagging , hot tubbing , and much much more . Bring on the fun ! : D 
Really hurt my legs playing lazer tag last night , but you know what it was so worth it because I had a blast !!! : D 
Man I've had one of the greatest weeks ever and I know one day soon I'll be back in Utah having a blast everyday ! : 3 
Holding my head high with a great big smile and looking towards the future !!! XD 
Wow I think I was tired I went to bed at 1am and I just woke up ! And I had some great dreams last night ! XD 
enjoying my time with my my cousins before I work today ! : D 
I'm following my dreams and walking the red road with an open heart ! 
Is going to go have sweet dreams and wake up to an other beautiful day !!! XD 
Just had the most beautiful night with my dad , uncle , aunty , and cousins ! : D 
Man I just woke up and I already know that today is going to be an amazing day !!! XD 
Its bright and sunshiny outside , Man I love spring !!! : 3 
I gots some new games and I'm excited to play them !!! : D 
Is really amazed with himself because he has made two weapons and they do look pretty amazing ! : D 
( < PROPFIRST > Mouse voice ) Ha ha kommen mit Pluto ! Ha ha acke ya ! 
Is in the moment of being out of the moment , by just kicking back and relaxing 
Happiness is always surounding us , it's up too us to let the happiness flow through our hearts ! 
Is living his life with a smile and let the happiness around him flow threw his heart !!! : D 
Letting my hood down , to feeling the gental breeze rolling across my face , know that my life is a truly wonderful and amazing life ! 
In less then 24 hours this kid will be on his way to Seattle , with a bunch of awesome friends , for an anime convention !!! : D 
Is living life to its fullest and can't wait to hit the road !!! < PROPFIRST > I know things are really rough right now but know that I love you and I'm here for you bro !!! 
Had a great time in seattle but i am ready to get home ! 
323 < PROPMALE > tell were back home ! 
Our hearts are our strongest weapon and keeping a hold of our hope is what can help make our lives beautiful ! 
Has had a great time at sakura-con . I meet some new friends that are awesome , went to my first rave , and I just had a blast hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I`m proud to be called a hero by my cousin , but i have to say you saved me more and your my hero ! 
Staying true to my word and making my life a very beautiful one that I'll always remember forever ! 
Tomorrow i`m off to south < PROPFEMALE > to see the family ! 
Will never forget all the ones who have helped him through his life so far ! Times have been tough and easy along the way , but I love you all and will never forget the memories we all have shared !!!! 
Who ever said that glass doors are invisable walls are right , they hurt to walk into ! lol 
We are on our way to see the family ! 
Is having a very beautiful morning with the family ! 
Is so happy to know how beautiful his life is and he loves all of you very much ! 
Has learned alot last night in is very happy to have my dad and uncle < PROPMALE > in my life to be able to share with me what they did with me ! Love you guys !!!! 
Had a great night tonight ! Hopefully it'll happen again really soon , because I had alot of fun !!! 
Ha ha weather I'll show you !! You may be snowing like crazy but I'll still have a great day no matter what !!!!! 
Is surrounded by beauty each and everyday !!! 
Yep its decided , I'm pretty much in love with Shuffle ! 
\when I get sad I stop being sad and become awesome ! \ " -N . P . H . - " 
Is so happy that we have been blessed with another beautiful day and can't wait to get out there make the it amazing ! XD 
Is very proud to be sleeping under the same stars as all my friends and family !! 
Lol yep sunburns still do prove that I have a fear of burning ... /facepalm ... OUCH !!! lol 
You just don't wake from the dead and say \hey look at me I'm a zombie ! \"" 
Laughing and joking with great friends will alway help take our minds off the things that still hurt us . 
Is looking up at the sky and day dreaming about all the childhood games he use to play 
Is going out to < PROPFEMALE > with friends tonight again ! Man life is great ! : D 
Is wondering ... 
Would like to poof from reality for a few days ... it'd be nice to just rest for a little bit 
knows that today is going to be another great day !!! 
Just found some screwed up information . . . Basicly i`ll never be a friend with them ever again . . . 
Is off to disapear into a hike with some great friends . 
lol today is so beautiful but i wish i had some sun glasses 
Is running in triangles , just because he can muhahahahahaha !!!! 
Might not have a phone for a little while . . . 
Kinda had another rough day ... I'm just going to go to bed and forget about today ... 
Even though yesterday was rough I'm going to change today and make it amazing !!! 
I LOVE PANDA`S !!! 
* Yawn * sleepy sleep time night everyone ! * yawn * ... Zzzzzz Zzzzzz 
Is going to go out and do what it is I want to do ! 
I just still thinking of asking her but a little nervous . 
No matter where we are in life as long as someone is thinking of us that is a place called home ! 
Will be hiking the m in an hour just after a rain fall ! : D 
It has snowed and now its really really cold !!! lol wish I had teleportation so I can just teleport to a warmer place . 
Is getting tattooed !!! 
Will open the window to feel the winds gental breeze role along my face , and i`ll play a song for the wind so it may pass it on to the spirits to help everyone through life . 
Is walking the road of life that makes me happy to know that its the right one , because of all my friends and family !!! 
Just another so so day . . . 
Muhahahahahaha !!! Just working on my evil laugh . Muhahaha !!! 
I went to bed at 5:40 p.m. last night and I just woke up at 9:08 a.m. lol i was sleepy 
had I long bike ride home ... Grand old trips down memory < PROPFIRST > ... : / 
Bad weather go away tell its the cold weather's stay ! 
Is pretty stressed about my money situation . . . 
I won a bet so now I have too sleep on my floor and dreamof sleeping on my bed , I think there was something wrong with this bet I won lol 
Going to be going and watching movies all day !!! 
Even in the darkest of dreams there is always the one hero who shines through the darkness ! 
Holding my head up high and looking to what the future holds , and it looks beautiful ! 
Kicking back and listening to music really loud just because I can !!! XP 
Is loving the Google Chrome web browser !!! 
The suns out and shine . I think today is going to be a good day !!! 
When i get sad i stop being sad and become awesome ! 
Just had the most powerful sweat , so far , in my life and it was beautiful ! 
They maybe thinking of making a Metal Gear Solid movie . 
I just hiked the m and had a great time ! 
thinking of changing my facebook name to just saying D.J. Curzon lol . What do you guys think ? 
There we go I changed it lol . I tried to ad doodle into it but I thought it looked funny 
Lol so I actually like Doodle J . better then D.J. and I have to say thank you Reece 
I think I'm going to go get food and then watch a movie : ) 
Can't stray from the path nor will I stray from the path I'm walking ! Its been bringing beautiful stuff into my life that I'm thankful for each and everyday !!! 
Has so far had a great start to < PROPFIRST > and mine birthday weekend !! 
I had the greatest birthday ever ! Thank you everyone who said happy birthday and I <3 you all !!! 
Cool so my phone got shut off and it may be off for a couple of days to a couple of weeks ... I'll let you guys know but the best way to get a hold of me is to send me a message over facebook . I love you all 
So my phone is still shut off and its looking like it'll be a while longer ... : / ... * Epic sigh * 
Lets hope I can get a phone today ! 
So I got to thinking and wondering , but I was pondering on what my theme song would be . So what do you guys think it would be ? 
Is thinking of turning in my 360 for a PS3 
Keep all of those who are vision questing this next week and keep all of us in our prayers this week : D 
Learned a lot over this past week with my Dad and < PROPMALE > ! I also feel very honored for going up on the hill and I'm proud of everyone who also went up over the week !!!! 
Is getting a PS3 tomorrow and then its off to watch everyone graduate ! Also congrats to everyone who has just graduated High school !!! 
It's about time for me to go get a PS3 now . So when I get ready to leave my puppy Suzzie sits on my hand lol 
Has a lot on my plate and is now trying to figure it all out 
Has had a great day and now I finally figured out what I want to do !!! 
Is looking forward to how wonderful today is going to be !!! 
Is having a great week and hope that it will stay as great as it is now or get even better !!! 
Is excited to to see who will win the game of rock , paper , scissor today !!! 
Had an amazing night !!! and thanks for letting me win the rock , paper , scissors match < PROPFEMALE > ;P 
Is going to take over the world and then the solar system !!! 
Is following his dreams and wants to thank everyone for supporting him !!! 
Is just not really in a Doodle mood anymore ... Just really is starting to fall out of the loop ... :/ 
I'm going to try and get some sleep I hope that everyone has a good night and for all the ones who are leaving I wish you the best of luck :.D ( lol I'm crying because I miss everyone already ) 
I just kinda wish I had my music right about now ... 
Think about the love inside the strength of heart , \ 
Think about the heroes saving life in the dark , \ 
Climbing higher through the fire , \ 
Time was running out , \ 
Never knowing you weren't going to be coming down alive 
Is feeling a lot more like doodle now ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > and dano ! 
Is keeping his smile on and walking the way of life that he loves so much ! 
\In our life we will make many friends and I am very proud to be a friend to all of you ! \ " \ 
I close my eyes to the sound of cars passing by . I wake up in my dreams sitting on the beach next to you watching the setting sun . 
Really wants to put a \caution wet floor sign\ " out side ! " 
doodle , you left your profile on , but broseph loves you so today there will be mercy ..... PS ..... GAME 
Had a great night last night hanging out with someone awesome that makes me always smile brightly !!! 
Just found out one of my friends has cancer . . . 
Is excited about tomorrow !!! :D 
Is in an amazing mood and is very thankful for someone awesome and amazing to make me smile so brightly ! : D 
Sprained my ankle last night night . It still really hurts and I'm glad I didn't break anything ! 
I found $85 !!!! Lol that so awesome ! 
Lol ok ozzy I'm enjoying more of the killers lol 
Is very thankful each and everyday , I live , that Wakan Tanka has gifted me such a beautiful life !!! 
So I got a call from the hospital today and was told they found a line in my ankle and they think its a fracture or I pulled a ligament off . But in other news I now have a sister !!! 
As we walk our paths we all gain friends , some stay in our lives forever and others we never see again . I just want to say thank you to everyone one who has helped me through my path ! 
I really hate not being able to walk around its driving me insane . I thank everyone for trying to help me out it does mean a lot ! 
I love you dad and thanks for all your help it means a lot to me !!! 
Is holding my head high and looking towards a very bright and beautiful future !!! 
is tired of the way his house looks . So he's playing The Gorillas and cleaning as much as his ankle will let me 
Played my flute to help send my prayers to all the ones who are dancing at white < PROPMALE > and all the other sun dances !!! 
I love you dad and thanks for everything !!! 
will not have a computer for a week so . I'll be on when I can so everyone have a great time tell then !!!! : D 
Its just one of those night's . . . 
I watched way too many chick flicks today ! 
Just found out a good friend from my childhood , < PROPMALE > , died in a fire at West Yellowstone last night . Rest in piece man and I'll miss you !!! :'( 
Holding my head high and remembering all the good time we had as kids 
Going to try and sleep tonight ... Thanks again for the great childhood Dairik and you will be miss bro !!! 
is going to go and have a good day today !! : D 
had an amazing night and just really happy about today !!! 
had a great time last night !!! Now one of the happiest people in the world !!! : D 
Had the most amazing morning ever ! and is glad some one can make me smile the way I am smiling now : D 
Is in a great mood today !!!! 
has been have an amazing time lately and is so very happy : D 
Had an amazing dream last night that just made me so happy she is in my life : ) 
wants climb a wall to give a squirrel a high five ! ha ha ha 
Thinks he left his Zune on the Idaho State University campus ha ha . 
spent the last hour outside enjoying this beautiful day and playing his wood flutes thanking for this beautiful life that was given to him !!! 
Just really wants to make a barn out of cardboard boxes for some reason ha ha 
Is going to be off to South < PROPFEMALE > in the morning !!! You all have a great week and I'll see you all soon !!! 
I made it home safely and had a great time at sundance . I learned a lot and I miss the family but I'll see them all soon : ) 
Has lots of stuff to do today . 
my brother just got a hold of me and it made me feel pretty good ! 
I feel like tomorrow has already come . It'll suck saying good bye but I'll hold my head high and know I'll see my bro < PROPFIRST > again !!! 
Had a great night tonight ! 
Holding my head up and looking forward to a bright beautiful future . 
Is going to have a good day tomorrow ! :) 
Meow meow meow ... WOOF !!! 
Had a great night last night with < PROPMALE > and her brother ! :) 
Hopes his grandpa will be ok ! 
I'm so excited for tomorrow i can't wait !!! 
Had a great day with < PROPMALE > and her mom ! We cooked and cleaned and had lots of fun ha ha it was a great day ! 
I don't know . Ha ha 
My grandpa can out of surgery safely and he'll be ok :) 
Just can't sleep . . . I'm thinking to much . . . 
Just not having that great of a day . . . 
Is holding my head high ! Its great seeing < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > I've missed them both alot !!! 
I just kinda feel really alone right now . . . 
I\ll always be here no matter what and I'll always be your friend . So if you need anything just let me know ! : ) " 
has found 20 cents and now wonders whats in a wonder ball ! 
Had a great day today !!! :) 
wants to have an Oreo while riding a riding a roller coaster , dancing to the beat of life ! 
Wants to give a squirrel a high five , but I just have to be careful because he might steal my wallet !!! 
Is working on his evil laugh for when he takes over the world ! \Mahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ... ( long pause ) ... hahahaha ! \"" 
Just taking a step back and sitting down watching the world do what it is the world wants to do . 
Is staring at the red button and is very tempted to push it to see what will happen Mahahahahahaha !!!! 
Just kinda needs a vacation . I can't wait for Seattle ha ha it'll be so much fun !!! 
Downloading Itunes right now and hopefully will be getting an Ipod soon !!! 
Just might go for a walk tonight anyone want to join in with me ? 
The strength in our heart can lead us down many beautiful and happy roads . We are always surrounded by beautiful and happy things , but its up to us if we want to beauty to flow through our heart ! 
Is going to be getting an Ipod touch in September !!! 
Hahaha insanity is so fun !!! 
Is freezing cold and can't get warm ... :/ 
kicking back listening to the Gorillaz , yep its one of those felling relaxed type of days . 
Yep < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim VS . the world was amazing !!! 
Is in the mood for being out of the mood and just watching the world do what it is the world will do . 
Is in the works on getting my next tattoo drawn up ! :) 
Just woke up feeling alone ... I know why because I miss my best friends ... 
Has so far watched < PROPFIRST > Pilgram VS . the World like 3 times . Now I kinda want to be play the bass ha ha . 
Had a rough morning but thanks to a few good friends , some music , and being able to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone awesome it turned my night into a great night !!!! 
Had a pretty good day . Went and played ultimate frisbe with some friends made 30 dollars for just setting and I watched a really funny movie with some good friends ! Yep today was a really good day :) 
Has gotten sick . My throat really hurts and I feel really weak ... this sucks hopefully it'll pass really soon ! 
When times are rough just remember to hold your head high and know I'm next to you to help you through this trouble time when you need help . 
Is just needing an escape for a little bit , ha ha anyone want to go to the < PROPFEMALE > with me ? 
Is starting to feel better ! I'm going have a great day today , Just got to keep my head held high and it'll all work out ! :) 
Had a long night . Talked a little about my past and now i can't stop thinking about it . . . 
After a nice walk home I got to watch the stars and got some really good news from someone awesome and it made my night so much better !!! :D 
Is going to be Doodle today . It sounds good to be who I am and live my life and hold my head high each day because I have a great life with great friends !!! Thank you everyone for getting me to where I am today ! 
Has decided that < PROPFIRST > Pilgram is his favorite movie of all time !!! :) 
I just got an Ipod ! Ha ha so long Zune ! 
Just kinda having a longer time in life right now but I know everything will get better soon ! :) Just got to keep my head high and stay strong ! 
Meh * shrugs sholders * 
Woke in a great mood and is going to have a great day today ! 
In our moments comes our truths , In our truths comes our examples , In our examples comes our families , In our families comes our love , In our love comes our our fight for who we are , And who we are determine everything about us and how we live our lives . 
The sun is out the birds are chirping and it'll be a great day !!! Happy tuesday everyone ! 
Everyone asks and everyone tells , But it is for us to to decide our tales . In this tale we all feel the love , We see the beauty of life in time . You may ask the question , But that is the beauty of it . You have to answer that question for yourself , So I ask you how beautiful is your life ? 
Is kinda having a rough night in my head ... I'm just thinking too much about everything and it making me miss everyone ... 
Is just kinda having a really shitty time right now ... 
Is going to go disappear into Doodle la la land 
Achievement unlocked !!! \No life\ " 15GP ( Watched < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim 15 times in less then two weeks ) " 
Just watched a very very scary video . Just remember everyone that your not the only ones on the road so please drive safely and look out for everyone ! 
Is in the mood to be < PROPMALE > J . Curzon today ha ha I'm funny I know 
Is connected to the internets at the moment ha ha . 
Ha ha just accidentally cooked my finger a little bit 
Had a long walk home and really needs to get out of my head . Ha ha bed here I come !!! 
When we look into ourself's and feel the strength of our heart , we never forget the ones who have helped us through our life . 
I don't like you insomnia , I really don't want an other night of only 1 and a half to 2 hours of sleep . 
Is going to go and have a pretty good day today . 
I got a bunch of good music today and now I'm ready for the day ! 
Is really excited for tomorrow !! :D 
Is ready to head to Washington today !!! I'll catch all of you on the flip side . 
Made it to seattle and i just feel really relaxed . Its a good day today :) 
Finally after 10 years of looking I found me a pair of P F Flyers , ha ha !!! :D 
Had a great day hanging out with < PROPMALE > and her brother . Hope to have even more fun tomorrow with them ! 
Had some pretty crappy nightmares last night ... I know why but I just don't really want to talk about it at the moment . 
Ha ha ok I'm feeling better now . Listened to a few good songs and is now ready to have a great fun filled day with everyone !!! 
\If you put your whole he < PROPMALE > and soul into something it'll become a beautiful piece of < PROPMALE > that you've accomplished ! \ " - < PROPMALE > J . Curzon- " 
Rain rain go away please don't come back tell I leave . Ha ha I might work . 
\When I get sad I stop being sad and become awesome ! \ " -N . P . H . - " 
1 ju5t w1sh 1 c0u7d r077 b4ck t0 th3 b3g1n1ng aga1n . 
Is really starting to miss < PROPMALE > !!! R.I.P. bro and one day I'll see you again !!! 
Just got me some pretty good coffee at a really weird coffee place . Its a cowgirl coffee shop and they have to dress in bikini's ha ha . 
Had a great time at Bumbershoot !!! Listened to some great bands played lazer tag and won and awesome flower that I'm attaching to my beany ha ha !! 
It is very much so bed time and I wish you all a great night !!! 
Yep I think its back to bed for me ha ha I'm still so sleepy . 
Gets to eat crab tonight !!! Mmmmm fresh crab sounds amazing right now !!!! 
Oh its so good to be home ! Had alot of fun in Seattle but glad i'm home ! 
Had a really good day back home but got some really bad news . 
Is going to have a good first day home !!! 
National Brother Week ...... If you have a brother who has made you laugh , pulled your hair , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fall , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , can't do without ... and love them more than they will ever know , then copy and paste this to your status ... 
Is going to be living life with a smile and holding my head high looking toward the bright future !!!! :D 
Jumping up and down on my bed before bed !!! 
Has a bright smile on and his < PROPFEMALE > is up too go have a wonderful day !!! 
Standing strong and looking forward to the bright future thats in front of me !!! :) 
Is going to have an other good day !!! Also is going to keep all the families , that were hurt 9 years ago , in my prayers !! 
lol pulled an other double today . In the last 4 days I've worked just about 37 hours give or take and I still have to work tomorrow and Monday lol . 
Is going to go and have a good night sleep . 
I want a ninja lion right now . No one messes with a lion and if its a ninja how awesome would that be !?!? 
Making fun of movies , spending time with a good friend , and waking up to making pudding with oreo's and gummi worms . Yep life is good !!! :D 
Yep tonight was a great night ! :) 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with my best friend , going to breakfast , get to < PROPFEMALE > out with alot of friends today !!! Yep today is going to be amazing !!! :D 
It was good seeing < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Perley , Keifer , Reese , and everyone today !!! I hope < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > make it home and hope too see them both again really soon !!! 
Lol ya finally got the 12 hours of sleep I've been looking for !!! Now time to take my snowboard and PS3 to Perleys lol !!! 
Had a really good day today playing some video games and hanging out ! 
I just want another day off from work lol . 
Why is it that when I day dream I think I'm a secret agent while the background music it the meow mix theme song ? 
Smile everyone its going to be a good day today ! :) 
It is true what they say \I love my bed just my alarm clock keeps us apart\ " lol night everyone ! " 
\So whats the URL for Amazon . Ca ? \ " Oh < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim your awesome ! " 
Really wants to get my tattoo started lol ! 
Yes my one day weekend is upon me !!! Hello sleeping in and good night everyone !!! 
Why can't they keep serving breakfast past 1030 , at MacDonald's , for the people who sleep in ? 
Plans on rocking out to the inspector gadget theme song while I'm out and about today lol . 
Bad idea = Me walking with a bowl of change in the rain . Good idea = Me eating some < PROPFEMALE > lol . 
Just found out that < PROPFEMALE > Fox was born on May 16th too ... Thats my birthday lol . 
< PROPFIRST > Reynolds is playing The Green Lantern ! How much cooler could The Green Lantern get !?!? 
Is it November 9TH yet ?!?!? 
Nothing like starting off the day relaxing and listening to good music ! :) 
Hopefully everything will work out how I want it too ! :) 
Bozeman really needs a good music store lol 
So last night when I was putting music on my Ipod it froze my Ipod and my computer and now nothing works right lol . 
Had a great day but I think I'm just going to go pass out lol !!!!!!!!! 
Sorry guys if I'm not in a good mood today ... I woke up on the wrong side of the bed and I just can't deal with much today ... 
Sick and tired of today ... I think I'm going to fade into video games for the night ... 
Just got my season ski pass for snowboarding this year !!! lol Puts me in a little better of a mood :D 
So I'm going to be in Pockey tomorrow tell Monday . can't wait to get out lol it'll be lots of fun !!! 
Is having a great time with my mama ! 
Great times are always with us ! Just hold your head high smile everyday and let all the beauty that surrounds us flow through our hearts ! 
Nothing like being able to < PROPFEMALE > out with some old friends and making new friends ! Today has been so much fun ! 
Made it back to Bozeman !!! Now time to figure out what to do , anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? lol 
Its just an all round good day today ! :) 
Tonight's a perfect night to hike \The M\ " . really wish I could go lol ! " 
Just wants to add myself as a friend on facebook lol . 
I want to go back to \The Pie Hole\ " to eat some more potato and bacon pizza with my cousin ! " 
Today is an other beautiful day in Mr. Rodgers ghetto ! 
Hmmm I think my bed is calling my name . 
We all make mistakes its just how we go about fixing them that counts ! 
Ramen is always a great midnight snack ! :D 
Is looking forward to being doodle today ! Yep I'm feeling like I'll be a smart ass today . :P 
Had a really good day today !!! My good friend Perley gave me a longboard and me and < PROPMALE > went for a cruise tonight for an hour , it was a good ride ! :D 
Can't wait to get off work tonight all ready . I get to play the Playstation move !!! :) 
Long boarded for around an hour and a half tonight ! it was a lot of fun and I'm really really enjoying going out at night , Its peaceful and relaxing ! :3 
I really want one of my grandma's chocolate oatmeal cookies !!! 
Long day+mind = zone out on music !!! 
After today I'll finally have my first and only day off in 8-9 days . Hope this day goes by faster !!! 
Is wanting to climb the tree to give that squirrel a high five ! 
Long boarded for 4 hours tonight and it was so much fun ! 
In Soviet Russia You don't watch T.V. , T.V. watches you ! 
Is just ... Hmmm ... I don't know ha ha , ya . 
Is it sunday yet ? and if not could it be ? 
\Dad . . . You were like a father too me\ " -Zach Galifianakis- " 
Ninja Gaiden Sigma is a good way to get rid of stress . 
Our truths can hide our darkness and our darkness can hide our truths , It just our strength that determines how strong our truths really are ! 
Is feeling like being random today . 
We all make hard decisions through life , but with those decisions we help to discover who we are . 
Day 1-got lost going to Kalispel . Day 2- great time with Perley , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , Roury , and < PROPFIRST > Just going around . Day 3-HAd lots of fun hanging with < PROPFIRST > and ate more Fro Yo , Then came home and longboarded for 8-10 < PROPMALE > lol . Great time !!!! 
Really wants some Fro Yo today . 
Just remember Humpty Dumpty did fall off the wall but his true intention was to get attention , So who want to go surfing ? 
Having someone help you doesn't mean you failed , it means your not in it alone . 
I kinda want to go visit my brothers in Atlanta but I can't tell after the new year . 
Its a \Meh\ " type of day ... " 
Re downloading WOW , that is if my lap top will allow me to have it . 
Is feeling like a big nerd again ! lol 
well up side for the day I now have WOW . 
ha ha how is it possible that both my parents ( that don't spend time with electronics ) have smart phones before i do ? lol this is weird . 
Hold fast to who you are and hold strong to your dreams ! 
l-O-l l-O-l l-O-l l-O-l l-O-l l-O-l l-O-l l-O-l l-O-l l-O-l l-O-l l-O-l l-O-l ( it looks like a fleet of Galactic Explorers from < PROPFEMALE > wars , I'm a nerd lol ) 
Thats pretty sad that when you type the letter \B\ " on google search that 4chan is the top resolute lol " 
Long boarding when the world was upside down would be pretty hard . Can we try it ? 
If we ever get surrounded by the darkness remember to hold on to your brightest and warming memory for it will show you the way and keep you warm ! 
I think I minor sprained my other ankel , but luckely my right ankle doesn't hurt to much :) 
Sorry that I piss people off I don't mean too ... 
Is it just me or do snuggies make people look like they are in a cult ? 
Found < PROPMALE > Polo in a table today , Now its his turn to be it ! 
I'm off to do what it is that I do . 
spent two hours researching my families last name and I learned alot . There is a famous cinema in london thats called \the Curzon Mayfair\ " interesting I'd have to say . " 
The answer is no , I'm not that good ... 
Don't wish for an easier life , wish to be a stronger person\ -J . F . K . - " 
yep yep yep it is Halloween thats for sure and it is awesome ! 
Ya going as Quail man for Halloween was an awesome choice for sure ! 
The best way to understand life is to let it flow through your heart and soul . Live each day like its the last , hold your head up high , and enjoy !!! 
Is off to have a day in a day with a day . 
In this land the world is a playground and having fun is the only rule ! 
If the easter < PROPFEMALE > is real he should come out of hiding because I want a chocolate egg ! 
yep just a good day today ! 
Hey everyone my name is D.J. or a.k.a Doodle and i just wanted to say herro ! 
Is just happy knowing you guys are doing really good ! Your all my friends , My family and I just want you to know you all mean everything to me ! 
Meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow . Just because I can lol ! 
Yep its true a shower does make everything better ! 
\Your Highness\ " looks like such and awesome funny movie ! " 
Life has its moments of being hard and being easy , but knowing that we all have great friends makes life fun all the time . 
is excited for tomorrow ! < PROPFIRST > comes to town and I get to go snow boarding !!! lol yep i'm excited 
Happy none zombie turkey day everyone ! Hope you all have a great turkey feast today ! 
Now I'm ready to go snow boarding . 
Its hard to understand life and how it works , but as long as we keep smiling , keep our head up , and know we have great friend's surrounding us life will always be good ! 
Dug is awesome ! 
loves living in this life because I have so much fun hanging out with friends and making new ones ! 
As we look further and further into ourselves we find more of our inner beauty . It keeps adding more color to who we are and shows the world how beautiful we can be ! 
Tonight was a great night . Got a good laugh and < PROPFEMALE > out with some new friends ! honestly it is going down in the history books for random awesome fun time !!! :D 
Hold on to your dreams for one day you will accomplish them , They are what can help bring joy into the hearts of ourselfs . 
So first day of boarding on my 3rd run I went down pine ridge , 4th run I did a black dimond , I learned how to stop on both heel side and toe side , and also learned how to turn . Mission accomplished !!! :D 
In this life we are face with many hard choices , The choices we make define who we are and how we live life . 
So guess what I got to wake up too this morning ?... A sines infection ... woopy me ... :( 
I wish I knew where my Nintendo 64 is . 
Is going to give that squirrel a high five one of these days ! 
Muhahahahahahaha !!! Oh sorry I was just practicing my evil laugh again . Muhahahahahahaha !!! 
Wants to apply to be a snowman ! Anyone want to help with the snowman Doodle ? 
Snowboarding today !!! :D 
Had a really great day today ! 
Who's a ninja ? Who's a pirate ? 
Has decided that I'm going to have a great day today ! :) 
Has been feeling great lately and is hoping it'll stay for a long time ! :) 
for some odd reason I wish I had fire works so I could light them and wake everyone up first before there kid's lol ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! 
Is just looking forward to the next few weeks !!! It's going to be a blast for sure ! :D I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > , I also get to have an all nighter of watching movies and anime ! Yep life is wonderful ! :3 
had a great day up on the hill ! As we came down we also watched a deer just run right into a fence ! lol it was so cute and very funny ! 
You know today was a great day . Got to < PROPFEMALE > out with a lot of great friends and my best friend is in town for 3 weeks !!! yep these are going to be fast weeks but great weeks !!! 
I hope a polar bear doesn't < PROPMALE > me down Bridger today ! lol 
\The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others . \ " \ 
rest in peace < PROPFEMALE > hope you make it to the creator safely and we'll all miss you . 
Guess who has there drivers licence ! This kid ! :D 
Yep today has been a great day . I got my drivers licence , < PROPFIRST > gave me an awesome phone for Christmas today , and I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with to awesome people today ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! :3 
Penus !!!!! 
Lol you suck < PROPFIRST > ! 
No car insurance today , I have to wait tell payday . Come on payday ! 
Just really cant sleep at the moment ... this sucks lol 
Lol so close to being able to file for FAFSA but yet so far away lol ! 
Hey < PROPMALE > I want to say that we miss and we are doing great . Thank you for looking out for us bro ! 
I is a legal diver now ! Lol 
Zzzzzzing along ! 
I don't know what to say ... lol so I'll just say something random like shimmy shammy ! 
The Zodiac signs changes and everything moved but I find it funny I'm still a Taurus Lol thats just silly . 
In summers last breath of life I can see winters cruel cold knife . I look to u & see ur shining light I do not run I do not fight . For I feel ur love in ur smile I can see ur beauty for < PROPMALE > . As I feel a cool sharp pain piercing my chest I hold my breath & fall in ur arms . I let out summers last breath to whisper \ur my winter sunset . \ " Then you pull out ur knife Giving me a kiss whispering \ " ur my summer knight \"" 
Nom noms then sleepy time ! 
Yesterday was awesome up on the hill ! I did lots of jumps and hit around 3 feet ! Its so much fun :D 
Just going to be one of those nights I guess ... * sigh * ... 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > you made me feel a lot better ! Your awesome never forget it bro ! Lol :) 
Just got FF8 for free tonight ! Yep I'm about to get lost in video game land ! XD 
In the word of my cousin < PROPFIRST > \Chocabo knights ride out ! \"" 
Just can't stop zoning out ... 
I think it might be a pajama day today lol 
I found a wall , luckily I'm a ninja ! 
Meh just really wants to go out and do something . 
I just got a random text saying 911 texting serves is down and I should place a phone call instead lol I'm concerned now . 
Is about to get nightmares for a few weeks ! :D lol Dead Space 2 is out today !!!! 
So I discovered that my Hawaiian name would be Koukalaka ! Lol awesome ! 
Is holding too my dreams and living life everyday ! 
Just doesn't want to deal with today ... 
Had not such a great day ... 
Has had a much better last few hours thanks everyone :) 
Has gotten my taxes done ! Now time to get everything done for collage ! :D 
Its so cold outside its wonderful lol ! 
11 1/2 hours of sleep and now I'm off to go have another beautiful day in the ghetto yo !!! 
Just jumped up and down with glee . Thought I should tell you guys . 
I lovers my Mama and I'm glad shes having a good birthday today ! I hope it just keeps getting better and better !!! 
Really wants to play Super < PROPFIRST > 3 ! 
Is just having a restless night . 
\Hope is what makes us strong ! It is why we are here ! It is what we fight with when all is lost ! \ " -God of War 3- " 
I do have to say go packers ! Put those sparkles down ! 
Is really wanting a wonder ball so when I open it I'll know what to do next . 
Had a really fun night last night ! Lots of laughs and cards ! 
............................... ( face palm ) ............................ 
Car has died ... 
Had a really great night with some awesome friends ! Thanks everyone ! Hopefully it'll keep me feeling good for a few more days . :) 
Just loves being me ! It's a wonderful feeling ! :) 
DJ que music for its going to be a better day . 
Bad weather + Trip to Billings + Great friends = Very fun intense funny day ! Can't wait for it to start !!! 
Zippidy do da , zippidy 
Zippedy do da , zippedy day my oh my what a wonderful day ! 
Is tired of feeling the way I have been feeling for a while ... 
Is starting to get back into something that is making me feel happy again :) 
I has been accepted to MSU !!! XD ya I'm a little excited ! 
I gots me a new car !!! :3 now next three goals . 1 ) Get the title in my name . 2 ) Get rid of my other car . 3 ) Learn clutch . lol nothing to bad 
Is just Doodle ! 
Wants a new amazing tattoo from my sis ! 
Is just going around and around in triangles ! 
Could use a joke ? 
\A squirrel walks up to a tree and says \ " i forgot to store acorns for winter and now im dead\ " HA ! its funny cuz the squirrel gets dead ! \ " -Dug- " 
Loves driving clutch ! Its so much fun !!! 
Had a great day ! 
Had a rough few months but is now glad to say I'm doing great ! 
Is totally wearing shorts again ! :) 
Had a good day and got to < PROPFEMALE > out with some good friends ! :) 
Lol I don't know to say so I thought I'd say something . So SOMETHING ! 
Tonight sleep and tomorrow Snowboarding !!! 
found my design I'd like for the long board lets hope it works ! :D 
Sucker Punched was even better then what I thought it was going to be ! XD 
Great to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > again ! 
FAFSA is done !!! 
