Everyone I know uses myspace , I had one too but myspace bored me . I could use some more friends lol 

bored 
hmmm 
did some hw at my < PROPFEMALE>'s for hours .... brain tired 
doing quizzes 
so today is the shortest day huh ? 
Is God willing to prevent evil , but not able ? Then he is not omnipotent . Is he able , but not willing ? Then he is malevolent . Is God both able and willing ? Then whence cometh evil ? Is he neither able nor willing ? Then why call him God ? ------ Epicurus 
I contend we are both atheists , I just believe in one fewer god than you do . When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods , you will understand why I dismiss yours . ----- < PROPFIRST > F Roberts 
OH MY FUCK , THEY ARE MAKING A SPORE MOVIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The truth may be puzzling . It may take some work to grapple with . It may be counterintuitive . It may contradict deeply held prejudices . It may not be consonant with what we desperately want to be true . But our preferences do not determine what's true ---- Carl Sagan 
Scientific beliefs are supported by evidence , and they get results . Myths and faiths are not and do not . ---- Richard Dawkins 
Glamdring Turgon aran Gondolin tortha gar a < PROPFEMALE > i vegil Glamdring gûd dae lo , dam an Glamhoth 
Mára aurë 
No in elenath hîlar < PROPFEMALE > hâd gîn 
Happy Birthday MOM ! 
What happened to facebook !? 
\Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Sagan " 
I contend we are both atheists , I just believe in one fewer god than you do . When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods , you will understand why I dismiss yours . 
We are < PROPFEMALE > stuff - < PROPFIRST > Sagan .... RIP 
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch , you must first invent the universe ... Sagan 
I find it elevating and exilerating to discover that we live in a universe which allows the evolution of molecular machines as intricate and subtle as we ... 
The exploration of the cosmos Is a voyage of self discovery As long as there have been humans We have searched for our place in the cosmos < PROPFIRST > sagan 
[ Sagan ] As the ancient mythmakers knew We're children equally of the earth and the sky In our tenure on this planet , we've accumulated Dangerous evolutionary baggage We've also acquired compassion for others , Love for our children , And a great soaring passionate intelligence The clear tools for our continued survival 
The beauty of a living thing is not the atoms that go into it But the way those atoms are put together The cosmos is also within us We're made of < PROPFEMALE > stuff We are a way for the cosmos to know itself Across the sea of space The < PROPFEMALE > s are other suns We have traveled this way before And there is much to be learned < PROPFIRST > Sagan 
i saw couples resort ... there are some hilarious sexual jokes in there . Many , many , many women which are 8/10 + 
The truth may be puzzling . It may take some work to grapple with . It may be counterintuitive . It may contradict deeply held prejudices . It may not be consonant with what we desperately want to be true . But our preferences do not determine what's true . ------ Carl Sagan 
I would love to believe that when I die I will live again , that some thinking , feeling , remembering part of me will continue . But much as I want to believe that , and despite the ancient and worldwide cultural traditions that assert an afterlife , I know of nothing to suggest that it is more than wishful thinking . --- carl sagan 
Who is more humble ? The scientist who looks at the universe with an open mind and accepts whatever the universe has to teach us , or somebody who says everything in this book must be considered the literal truth and never mind the fallibility of all the human beings involved ? -- < PROPFIRST > sagan . 
Now I remember how I found < PROPFIRST > Sagan . A while back I was looking at atheistic quotes on a website . This website had links to movies with atheism and on the top list there was Contact . Contact has < PROPFIRST > Sagans works put into it and I later searched his name and youtube and such . Im glad I did that 
Um , I tried finding out how large the universe is .... the furthest image is 12 billion light years away . The scientists dont know . So it may be so large that thinking about may make you blow up 
Where do you think the monster of Cloverfield came from ? 
289 pounds , 89 pounds to go .... or more if 200 lbs still is too fat 
A mexican a black guy and a asian walk into a bar , and the bartender says ' get the fuck out ' -- Gran Torino 
How to train your dragon = 10/10 . Best movie out in theatres right now . Toothless FOR THE WIN . I want a pet dragon now lol 
im 260 lbs . Never thought i would see that number lol 
LOL everyone try the Pirate option for english ! 
2 days till im 21 . D: 
I am 21 now . holy < PROPFEMALE > claus shit . hmmmm , much there is to do . 
nice party !!! 
When is chapter 6 of Code Geass Renya comming out !!!! 
Nice new naruto manga o.o 
The study of theology , as it stands in the Christian churches , is the study of nothing ; it is founded on nothing ; it rests on ? no principles ; it proceeds by no authority ; it has no data ; it can demonstrate nothing ; and it admits of no conclusion . \ 
\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Paine 
Never gonna give you up\ 
Never gonna let you down\ 
Never gonna run around and desert you\ 
Never gonna make you cry\ 
Never gonna say goodbye\ 
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you 
It is our duty to study , dissect and examine the universe around us . We seek knowledge and it is our fervent belief that every question can be answered with research , systematic categorization , dedication and logic . Knowledge is our fuel and there is no higher calling than learning 
dbz : < PROPMALE > of anime 
Nearly all men can stand adversity , but if you want to test a man's character , give him power . -Abe < PROPMALE > 
