Is Blessed ... 

happy new year ! 
watching hockey with my love . 
back to work tomorrow . how ever will I learn to work a full five days again . lol . 
Looking forward to a new chapter in my life .... 
Absolutely loves her children .... 
Wishing this cold would just go away ..... 
Let me just state for the record ... for those of you who partake in these wonderful games facebook has offered us ... gifts , hugs , fertilizing , food , benches , and other misc objects . It is not I who joins in on all the fun . LOL It is my better half who thinks I am suppose to enjoy partaking in the fun and games . LOL Happy farming and cooking . HEHEHEHEHE Oh apparently I have an Island I didn't know about too ...... 
is grateful for her parents . This is what I have come to believe ... children begin by loving their parents ; as they grow older , they judge them ; when they have children of their own , they beg them to remove the curse . :) 
It's not only children who grow . Parents do too . As much as we watch to see what our children do with their lives , they are watching us to see what we do with ours . I can't tell my children to reach for the sun . All I can do is reach for it , myself . ~ Joyce < PROPMALE > 
... is so proud of AJ . She had a great first game . She hit the ball and caught like a champ . She is following in the footsteps of her big sisters , except she wanted to play ball with the boys . 
Happy Easter Everyone . 
watching < PROPFIRST > play softball . go mvms . 
IT'S DAUGHTER WEEK ! If you have a daughter(s ) who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and make life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status . ? Your daughters will outgrow your lap , but never your heart ...? (¯`* • . ¸ , ¤°´`°¤ , ¸ . •*´¯ 
out for a day of baseball and softball . :) 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you thru thick and thin , love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall and give you a much needed dose of reality or a swift kick in the butt if necessary , then copy and post this to your status 
A daughter is the happy memories of the past , the joyful moments of the present , and the hope and promise of the future . -- Author Unknown I'm so blessed to have 3 of them ... 
Families are like fudge - mostly sweet with a few nuts . ~ Author Unknown 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and ... this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding 
DO NOT OPEN anything from F.B. HD Video Player . OR anything that says \Optical Illusion ( HQ)\ " it is a virus . Please copy and paste ! " 
If you have a wonderful man that works \ 
hard to take care of you , would do anything for you , that makes you \ 
laugh , that's your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who is\ 
your world & someone that you're thankful for every night , then\ 
post this as your status to give the good men out there the ... recognition 
finished with ajs game . just me and my boys now . 
Enjoy < PROPFIRST>'s last softball game last night . She is so fun to watch . I'm very proud of her !! 
MHLL 9-10 Softball District Champs !!! YEA < PROPFIRST > !! Great Job !! 
loves her daughters very much . 
way to go mile high little league minor softball all stars . Take State !! 
Another game won for mile high minor all stars . Way to go ! 
In < PROPFIRST > ... missed a great game . The girls lost but I am truly proud of < PROPFIRST > for giving it her all . 
Heading to Carlsbad for a funeral sad but looking forward to time with just me and my mom . 
its just too hot . 
Where has time gone ? One day your giving birth and the next day your baby getting ready to start high school . 
Is it five o'clock yet ? 
My baby turned 7 today . Aj thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . 
All the moms who traded their eyeliners for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diapers bags , and wouldn't change a thing . Lets see how many moms repost this . This is for moms who don't care what they gave up , instead LOVE what they get in return 
Game day ! Go < PROPMALE > Mighty Mites ! You Rock AJ and Coach < PROPFIRST > ! 
Go < PROPMALE > storm mighty mites . Game 3 
Way to go mighty mites . AJ got hurt tackling a kid three times bigger than her . She is ok . And I am so proud of her ! 
Wish the weekend wasn't almost over . 
Off to < PROPFIRST > in the morning . Will be spending the work week there . Wish it was for fun but will have great company this time . 
I have carried a child within my body ..... I have comforted a baby upon my chest ..... I have loved a child with all my heart .... My body is not magazine\ 
perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a mother , and there is no\ 
greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a mother ... I am blessed to be the mother of 3 amazing daughters . 
missing my girls . So finally Mondays become something I look forward to . Ok so only every other Monday . 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity \ 
to accept the things I cannot change ; \ 
courage to change the things I can ;\ 
and wisdom to know the difference . 
\Why do grandparents and grandchildren get along so well ? They have the same enemy -- the mother . \ " -- < PROPFEMALE > Colbert OMG this is so funny ... " 
Evening news is where they begin with ' Good evening ' , and then proceed to tell you why it isn't . 
Your\ 
daughter will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your \ 
heart for a lifetime . It's National \daughter's week\ " so if you have a \ 
PROMISE TO MY CHILD : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt u down like a bloodhound .. because I LOVE YOU ! When u understand that , I will know you are a responsible adult . You will never find someone who loves you , cares .. about and worries about you more than your mom ! Copy and paste if you are a MOM .. I love my kids 
having the best day in a long time . Went to share a piece of < PROPMALE>' birthday . enjoyed visiting < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , until Cam kicked us out . Lol but she kept < PROPFIRST > . Now off to my brothers for dinner . 
what great teenagers I have today . They cleaned the house and < PROPFIRST > is making lunch . Very relaxed right now . 
Its mommys week , post this with the date you first became a mommy !!! 11_14 1995 
An Aunt can hug like a mommy , keep secrets like a sister and love like afriend . If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces and nephews , repost this as your status ? 
Cousins are there as childhood friends and are there when we are older as forever friends . Repost this if you ever had cousins who made you smile !!! 
IM A HANDFUL !! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as Hell Don't Deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL , repost ! I dare you ! I'll be looking for the ladies who do ! 
“Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas” - < PROPFEMALE > Poundstone 
ACCORDING TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN ! 
Happy Birthday to my Goddaughter < PROPFEMALE > . Your < PROPFEMALE > loves u tons ! 
Happy 15th Birthday to my oldest daughter < PROPFIRST > !! You were and still are my dream come true . Love Mom !! 
Off to church what a wonderful end to a wonderful thanksgiving weekend . It all starts and ends with our Lord . 
Missing the Withrows ! 
Happy b day to my nephew < PROPMALE > . 
The only man I know who behaves sensibly is my tailor ; he takes my measurements anew each time he sees me . The rest go on with their old measurements and expect me to fit them . ~ George < PROPMALE > Shaw 
Courage doesn't always roar . \ 
Sometimes courage is the quiet voice\ 
at the end of the day saying , \ 
\I will try again tomorrow . \ " \ 
regardless of all that's taken place this year . I am still grateful to the two people who gave me life . Happy Birthday Mom and Dad . 
Its time to shop . Yuck . 
Almost done with our Christmas shopping . People need to exercise < PROPFEMALE > . Key example of the lack of others knowing the true meaning of the season . 
At last Sunday night enjoying the family . And best of all no work till next Tuesday . 
just finished backing cookies with my kiddos . this week is going by too fast . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Thank you God for giving us your only son so that someday I may live in your Kingdom . 
To my daughters my your Christmas day be filled with love and peace . 
back to work tomorrow . blessed to have a job to take a vacation from . 
I've carried a baby within my body . I've slept with a baby on my chest . I have kissed boo boos , been puked , peed , and pooped on and spent sleepless nights in a rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look into the mirror , I see a mom and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you're proud to be a mom ! I love you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and AJ . 
Happy birthday to my sweet < PROPFIRST > . 11 years ago you brought so much joy to our lives and still do . 
Made it through the whole five days of work for the first time in three weeks . lol Now celebrating with a three day weekend . lol 
“Through humor , you can soften some of the worst blows that life delivers . And once you find laughter , no matter how painful your situation might be , you can survive it . ” < PROPMALE > Cosby 
