“For I have neither wit , nor words , nor worth , action nor utterance , nor the power of speech , to stir men's blood . I only speak right on . I tell you that which you yourselves do know . ” - < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare Weird off the wall question . was asked 

In < PROPMALE > for christmas week , can call or msg me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out 
Okay Status update , we got in late afternoon on New Years < PROPFEMALE > , so it was like a mad rush to get us settled , so < PROPFEMALE > ryone could go party , luckily i cant sleep so i finally have time to breath . This is a pathetic update cuz i know little of here , but I have internet now and will look into phone calls tomorrow . And since it would be to long for a status update I will leave you in suspense for the story of my trip here 
Yeah will be a B Day ill remember for a long time 14hr day , trying to survive simulated chemical attacks . And of course i had the best job ever , i guarded the door . Though in reality it was actually important job , it just sounds so stupid LOL 
Well was clearing out my old document folder and found a quote that i wrote in response to a friend not to long ago . I thought i saved it facebook . But i saved it to notebook instead . Was to long to post as a status so ... i saved it to my quotes section , its about Love and War :) 
So i admit i am Geek , just made my hotel reservation for Dragoncon . And now i am not going to be staying 20miles away but less then 1 mile away thus by my calculations the odds of me getting lost in the middle of the night is only 99% . What only a 1% difference from last year , is this calculator broken ... this seriously cant be right T_T 
the\ 
age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom \ 
doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 \ 
Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom doesknow\ 
about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I \ 
... wonder ...... what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my\ 
Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world 
Ok , well even though i have known for quite a while , due to the nature of the military and how things and decisions are ever changing , I didnt want to make any official announcements til i had more solid info . I will be deploying to < PROPFEMALE > ( Horn of Africa ) for 6months right after christmas . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to All and to All a Good Night 
its funny i can post to facebook on my kindle , but i cant use a calling card to call my parents , < PROPFEMALE > if you see this let them know still safe if all goes well heading to italy tommorrow 
in italy , sigonella naval air station 
want to wish youu all a happy new years from africa 
Status Update : I am still doing good . I now have a set schedule of 6am-6pm 8hrs ahead of Eastern , I am still adjusting slowly but im going to subscribe to skype , to make calls to actual phones not just thru computers . My address is :\ 
Shiver , Patrick\ 
PSC 831 Box 0009\ 
FPO AE 09363-0009 
Wishing Everyone a Happy Valentines Day from Africa . ( was kinda boring for me but they gave me cake and Ice Cream i was happy :) 
Status Update From Africa : I know I should be writing more of these but I am mostly working which I am not allowed to talk about and I am horrible at communicating which I will fix someday darn it . But I am doing well . I am working out , reading again thanks to my 2nd kindle arriving and even dieting . I hope all is well back home and Please take care \ 
~ til next time 
