HAPPY NEW YEAAAAARRRR !!! :)))) woot 2010 ! ahaaa , lol . happy new year evetyone !! 

well happy new year's to the people who live in kansas . here in vegas it's oinly 10:06 . so i have about two more hours left ! 
YEAH ! 2010 ! Happy new hyears guys !! I wish i was in pittsbburg ! 
jeez , i am soooo bored ! 
It's where I keep all my things . Get a lot of compliments on this . Plus , it's not a purse , it's called a satchel . Indiana Jones wears one . 
you fool . 
bhalh blhla blahsdsad foswenfsdfdsfc .... bored -.- 
domo arigato , mr. roboto . 
duuuuude , i'm so booooored ! 
is reading . this is fun . 
people these days are just so fucking stupid and it pisses me off . 
fjdsfdsf 
ok well i'm just sitting here doing nothing . 
uhhhmmmmmm , hi ? 
best i ever had (: 
oh i'm so bored . 
i'm young wild and strapped like chi-ali . BLAOW !! 
dare i say , i kind of feel like moving to california ! but i don't at the same time :| 
hmmm , hopefully i do something fun tonight ! 
my hair's a piece of crap lol . ugh ! 
hanging out with cullen and having an FN AWESOME time ! \cuz he's so kick-ass ! \"- cullen (//^) lol " 
my mom is so wierd ! 
what a looooooong day . i'm so freakin tired ! 
ugh ! i smell like cigarettes now ! THANKS MOM . 
wassup 
rain is amazing (: 
hi < PROPFIRST > ! 
oh , well then . goodnight < PROPFIRST > ! 
wow , fighting over the internet . ha your cool . 
hmm i don't know what to say 
oh boy , 3-hour detention :| 
time for me to go to the football game i guess . 
>:( 
i love lamp 
is hoping this weekend will be a good one . 
is bored fo sho 
oh boy football game tomorrow ! yehhh boiiii 
my library books are about $50 over-due 
Pork chops ? No thank youuuu . 
isn't sure what her mood is forreal . 
is listening to some annoying bluegrass music . 
oh my , i'm in such a horrible mood D: someone , make me smile again ! 
We are searching for security in tradegy . take a look around and notice the black tapestries drowning our walls of simplicity . 
We are searching for security in tradegy . take a look around and notice the black tapestries drowning our walls of simplicity . jeez i love TDWP 
examine these beautiful faces , keep singing now . keep singing- TDWP 
D: >>>> UGH 
Wow i had a lot of requests and i didn't even notice i had any . I'm retarded . 
wow i'm so bored ! 
the rev was kinda gay but whatever 
Sugar coated white lies can only get you so far before you get caught up in the middle and I'm a human too My life has value And everybody will think the same . 
So if love is a drug Then I guess I'm addicted All I want is to have yours , It's making my heart sick 
For as long as I remember , you sold everything you owned But now you sold our friendship , you're on your fucking own . 
Realize I don't want to be a miser Confide with sly you'll be the wiser Young blood is the lovin ' upriser How come everybody wanna keep it like the kaiser 
it's so easy to get lost in constantly having to present whatever face you believe a person wants to see rather than your own 
Screaming from the inside of me . A lonely and pleading phantasm . We only get what we see Gazing so desperately Between the things that we fear Gazing so desperately Elaborate delusions . We're watching segregating illusions . Between the things that we see , and the things that we fear . No , no it won't make them disappear . 
I'm runnin ' this and I can jump the hurdles I feelin ' like I'm racing a bunch of little turtles 
one step too late and i never told you that i cant talk another disappointment breathing and grasping all leads to another messy ending 
one step too late and i never told you that i cant take another disappointment breathing and grasping all leads to another messy ending 
Stay bright little fireflies . Make light before my eyes . 
How long until the tables turn ? When will we ever get what we deserve ? 
Listen good , i don't need nobody\ 
This is what you feel are the sounds of insanity\ 
Hopin ' what i hear loops itself to finish me\ 
No i won't be afraid , 
I like to dream yes , yes , right between my sound machine \ 
On a cloud of sound I drift in the night \ 
Any place it goes is right \ 
Goes far , flies near , to the stars away from here 
where is my miiind 
and i say follow me down till you see all my dreams , not everything in this magical world is quite what it seems 
rebel , rebel and yell , cuz our people still dwell in hell , locked in a cell , yes the structures a cell , mad is the story i tell 
