It's raining . =] 

I don't know if I'm glad to be home or not . On one hand , less people to aggravate me here . On the other hand , still no internet or phone . 
What's on my mind ? I'll tell you . Greed , conceit , corruption . What a lovely world . 
Destination : Wonderland . 
That stupid Repo Men movie jacked everything from Repo The Genetic Opera . 
Oh , geez . Just : oh , geez . 
Geez . When is it my turn to be thin and pretty ? 
Dr Pepper cupcakes . They're baking . 
Disney . Stop . Farming . DUMB POP IDOLS . 
Haha that BFF Quiz is messed up . 
I seriously\ 
cannot believe I just woke up . 6 new texts , 2 missed calls , a new\ 
voicemail , and one missed graduation(Sorry < PROPFIRST > ) . I feel awful . 
Hahaha , MySpace is sooo ghetto . I don't know why I keep mine . 
27 hours until I get that wicked sweet paper that says I never have to deal with high school again . 
Retouching the teal in my hair just for graduation . [: I'm a bad influence on < PROPMALE > . 
UGH . Finally got all that blue dye off my skin . Wasn't even MY hair I dyed . Dye it back , fiend , I don't care . 
Venom just GOT SOOOOME . 
You're so far in the closet , you found Narnia . 
On that day I will Futterwacken ... vigorously . 
< PROPMALE > isn't a definition . It just is . [: 
So yeah . I remember some people on Facebook asking about my car . Pictures are up , man . 
I want a job . But I don't want to drive all the way to the outlet mall for minimum wage . It's stupid , I'd spend more in gas getting there than I'd earn . 
No one is any fun anymore . 
It just now occurred to me that I really really miss my long hair . 
HEY GUYS GUESS WHAT ! THE LAKER- yeah , no . 
Insanely bored . What to do ? 
Team Lestat . Suck on that , Twilight . 
Looks like I'll be going after my bachelors and masters at Rochester Institute of Technology . I'm going to need to really force myself to get on top of all of this . 
You're not a model because you're 90 pounds . You're not a photographer because you own a camera . You're not a musician because you own an instrument . Sweetie , that isn't how it goes . 
I'm tired of the solid black . I want to either make it pure white or add in some pink/green/blue . Something . Thoughts ? 
Everytime someone complains about their iPhone , I mentally gloat about how awesome Droid is . 
Disturbingly bored . >:[ 
One day , I'll meet the mystery guy who'll sweep me off my feet and ask me to be his player 2 . 
White people are so weird . I don't understand them . 
Time to relax , edit film , and eat a turkey burger . Mmm mmm . 
I cannot believe I JUST woke up . Ughh . 
Hey , I have to question : What's with the violent aggression ? ... Welcome to the family . 
It's a sad day when my eyes hurt so much that I can't play my Xbox . 
I just heard a cock-a-doodle-doo . Being awake to hear your neighbors ' rooster crow means two things . You OBVIOUSLY live in Texas . & You've been awake WAY too long . 
Guys . I have a confession . I'm a chameleon . 
I just downloaded all the different songs that've been used for the < PROPFEMALE > Soul commercials . Just so I can listen to them while I drive . Now I just need some giant hamsters . 
Mornings made for coffee , snooze buttons , and music . My favorite . 
It's so bizarre , my graduating class starting school and I'm sitting here watching the weather for states I don't live in . 
Idiot kids playing ball in the street . If they so much as touch my car , heads WILL roll . 
Up up , down down , left right , left right , B , A , select start . 
I hate people who go out of their way 2 typeee liek dis . It's obnoxious and time consuming . You just look like an idiot . 
Facebook asks me what's on my mind&Twitter wants to know what's happening . Neither of these seem to be easily answered questions . My mind is a constant jumble . 
So where are the strong ? And who are the trusted ? And where is the < PROPFEMALE > ? Sweet < PROPFEMALE > . 
Not , you , < PROPFIRST > . You're a rabbit for heaven's sake ! 
Dude , one day , I'm gonna get off the bus and run into the woods and never come back . And when I come back I'm gonna be the knife master . 
Toughen up , baby . I'm looking for the eternal scum . 
Chemistry is the wrong < PROPMALE > for a guy like you , < PROPMALE > . 
On a daily basis , I write numerous status updates here . I then erase them , write something else , and erase that , too . 
What if somebody just stole Stonehenge ? 
I feel like I'm stuck on a treadmill that's running on batteries during a power outage . 
Absotively , posilutely . 
Come to me anytime . \ 
About anything . \ 
As long as it isn't about your significant other . \ 
Then I really couldn't care less . 
Three and a half weeks until I'm 18 . Can't wait . 
I'd \like\ " a lot more Facebook pages if they used correct grammar . " 
\Looks like we are going to need a bigger gazebo . \"" 
That is WAY more cake than I ever got working for Aperture Science . 
Don't mind me , I'm just poking the bear . 
Congrats , Regiment . [: 
Stop holding your tongue and breath . There's no time for that . 
Since I'm playing taxi driver , do I get guns and a mohawk ? ... Are you talkin ' to me ? 
I put off making/returning phone calls . They freak me out . 
My Zune has lived a long and fulfilling life , if not a rough one . \ 
However , its charge/usb cable ? Not so much . It's on its last leg . 
Silly , if you don't want answers , don't ask questions . [: 
It's adorable how badly you want attention . 
Close your eyes , shut your mouth , and floor it . 
This hotel bed is abnormally comfortable . Annnddd ... bring on Comic-Con day 2 ! :D 
Need a job . For monies . So I can leave here . 
I'm going to tell you exactly what you don't want to hear . 
Tuesday . In other words : Law & Order SVU . :] 
Anyone else excited for the nuclear winter ? 
You make walls fall , Jack . <3 
Whoa , whoa , whoa . Whoa . That was not a friendly Brahmin . 
WTF . ED-E drank all of my Nuka-Cola Quartz ! 
This was a nice weekend . :] Sometimes it isn't so bad being dead to the outside world . But I did miss my xbox . 
< PROPFEMALE > Peroni is downstairs with me trying to get me to help wrap presents from \S-A-N-T-A . \ " It's pretty bad when you spell out words when the little one is already asleep . \ 
I don't normally condone spewing lyrics for status updates , but -- \ 
\ 
Let's blow a hole in this town and do our talking with a laser beam . 
It's a pretty big leap to take to be none of a kind . 
You know , maybe it wasn't a good idea to eat pancakes while watching Repo . 
It's a thankless job , but somebody's gotta do it . 
Nothing too terribly wrong with a little insomnia . Except my shortened life expectancy . Huh . 
So , uh , where do all those bad guys get all this lava ? I was beating a castle on Super < PROPFIRST > World and was wondering how one would manage to not only contain it in a castle without melting the entire building and all of its inhabitants into one huge smoldering puddle , but also where they obtained it . Is there some empty volcano somewhere ? 
You're so vain you probably think this status is about you . 
Oh , hey . It's a little chilly outside . 
Feeny ! Remember Feeny from Boy Meets World ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-BB-Xk9xYY 
More detonation , please . 
Hypocrisy makes me all tingly inside . 
All you need is surgery . 
And here ... we ... go . 
Shark bait . Hoo ha ha . 
We aren't survived by our houses , cars , bank statements , jobs , clothes . It's the lives we touch . Rest in peace , you won't and can't be forgotten . 
My stomach misses its acid . 
Everywhere I go , I hear music from video games . Right now , Pokemon is haunting me . 
It feels like running with your eyes closed . 
