This status is so < PROPFEMALE > will call me loser no more :) 

It is only Monday and I am looking forward to the weekend . I think that means I need a vacation . 
Hey saw the sun for a while today ! I don't know how those people that live up in Alaska where it is dark for months at a time do it . I would be lopping heads in three weeks . 
Day one of not smoking ! I can already see that I am going to be white knuckling it all day . 
Here at the office on the weekend ... Trying to make sure I can take a few extra days off around Memorial Day ! 
Why does extra spicy Thai curry seem like such a good idea at 8pm on Sunday but seem like such a bad idea at 2am Monday . 
Here is my question : Why is there an inverse relationship between the technology to watch TV and the quality of TV to watch ? At this rate by the time I am 50 I will have the most awesome 3D HD DVR setup just to watch old Gilligan's Island reruns . 
Since I was so ignorant about VT . I took it upon myself to look up a few things :\ 
\ 
Montpelier , Vermont is the only U.S. state capital without a McDonalds . \ 
Strange Town Names in VT : Bread Loaf , Island Pond , Mosquitoville , Notown , Moscow , Underhill , Satans Kingdom , Wilder\ 
Until 1996 , VT was the only state without a Wal-Mart\ 
Women must obtain written permission from their husbands to wear false teeth . 
After today !! Four straight days off . I need that :) . 
How come when I take a day off I feel like I was skipping school . I must be a huge narcissist because I feel nothing can run as well when I am not around :) . 
I think we should always get a three day weekend . I know I would vote for that . 
Big milestone . I now weigh in 30 lbs heavier . Which is awesome since I have the same waist size . I have been in the gym nearly every day since Feb . 
Is it me or has the summer movie season stunk this year . 
Just got back from the gym . Why is Monday the busiest day at the gym . It is like a little microcosm of the year . Monday huge number of people , Tuesday a little less , Weds is less than half of Monday , Thursday is pretty thin , and the weekend is empty . Maybe I need to get a life since I am there to see this every week . 
You mean it is only Weds ? 
OK - I am not getting a complex . In the last 3 months , 5 people have mistaken me for Duke basketball coach < PROPFIRST > K . It wouldn't be so bad , but I am a < PROPFEMALE > fan . 
enjoying fun at the beach 
IT'S HOT !! HOW HOT ? DAYUM HOT !! 
I was just sitting here admiring my rug . It really ties the room together . 
I just heard on the radio coming in that it will only be 88 on Tuesday . BRRRRRRR !! 
Most days I can't wait to get to the gym and then there are days like today where I have to make myself go . I have found if you want to be serious about it those are the days it is important to go . \ 
But it is like they say : Somedays you eat the bear and somedays the bear eats you . 
I am tired .. Can I just skip ahead to Friday ? 
And end the end the love you take is equal to the love you make ! ( Best lyric ever ) 
Went an saw Dinner for Schmucks , and it was great . I love a good comedy and I laughed so hard that my chest hurt by the end of the movie . Great comedy is like a great magic trick ; you know it is an illusion but you just can't look away . 
A Top 10 quote : The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows . I don't care how tough you are it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it . You , me , or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life . But it ain't about how hard ya hit . It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward . How much you can take and keep moving forward . That's how winning is done ! 
A 300lb naked fat man nearly fell on me today in the gym locker room . Why do old guys feel the need for total nudity in the locker room anyway ? On a happy note I found that in that situation I can move with the speed of a Cheetah ! 
“Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else ; you are the one who gets burned . ” ~ Buddha 
Man is fond of counting his troubles , but he does not count his joys . If he counted them up as he ought to , he would see that every lot has enough happiness provided for it . ~ Fyodor Dostoevsky 
Somewhere out there - right now ! There is a cold beer with my name on it :) 
One of the most surreal aspects of getting older is the realization of how much you didn't know when you were younger . 
Sorry , Haven't posted in a while ( < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > pointed this out to me . Thanks for missing me guys . Are you missing the warmer climate yet ? 
If I wanted to have snow every weekend in December , I would still be living in New York . 
I do love Asian food . Just had some excellent Thai . Now I just need to find a good Vietnamese restaurant and my circle will be complete :) . 
Ok - I am taking < PROPFEMALE>'s challenge\ 
Let's see how creative my Face book friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... 
I hate being stuck at home ... HATE IT !! I like working at work . I like seeing people and I hate daytime TV . I will be at work tomorrow even if I have to walk . 
Ohh the weekend . I am going to do something I have not done in a long time . Cook something . I promised someone so now I got to deliver . 
OK . First I forgot to take a picture of the finished product . However , I did complete the project . I was very spicy which was good for me . I had some troubles but fought through them . I think it was ok . My sister and brother in law had some and they were kind with their words . Of course they could just be making me feel good about the attempt . :) 
I just had a really good day . I mean it . I got a lot done at work . Had a fun time and a fun lunch . I was able to give someone a helping hand . Now I am enjoying a cool refreshing beer . 
Woke up this morning and thought it was a work day . I ran on auto pilot all the way up to the shower when I finally realized it was Saturday . 
I am just happy today . In fact I am so happy it is a little scary because that must mean something is up :) . 
At the office on a Saturday .. Why are offices so spooky when no one else is there . It creaks and moans like I am sailing on a pirate ship or something . People write songs about working for the weekend , but nobody writes a song about working on the weekend ! 
Working again on weekend . Tired today , but it is a good tired . I think it is time for a nap and then more work . 
Going to work on Superbowl Sunday . Trying to pick what should be my motto for the day ; All work and no play makes < PROPMALE > a dull boy or A Man has to put business ahead of pleasure . 
To my Facebook friends : If any of you know any Java developers that are looking for a position in the RTP area drop me a line . 
I am now \Cautiously Optimistic\ " . :) " 
Finally !! The project is coming to an end ! I shall soon have a weekend again ! In the words of Braveheart - F R E E D O M !!! 
The new product rolled out last night ! I got up today and have no plans on working ! What am I going to do with myself ? What do people do with free time ? I have forgotten . I am actually making plans for next weekend . :) 
