HEADACHE HEADACHE HEADACHE . . . 

WHOO ! Lets hope were outta this WONDERFULL hospital by tomorrow . Its marleys 1st independence day ! 
It seems like when you NEED to sleep it's absolutly the last thing your mind wants to do !!! WTF man . . . I need a drink XP 
WHOOO !!! Last night was awesome !!! Hubby and i had our first date since Dec !!! It was WAY past due 
BLAHG ! Hospital stay for three weeks . My fam visiting the past two weeks and now hubbys fam coming to stay tuesday for a week and then right back to the hospital for more chemo ! -_- Im going to overload . . . Anyone wanna fly away with me ? 
This blows . . . . Can't marley catch a break !! She's been through so much already and the punches just keep on coming 
Nothing like a vodka n monster to start the day off ! <3 You < PROPFEMALE > ; ) 
gnmnbxfr6764r56ugfdfghxdfggg <--- Marley's words of wisdom for the night lol 
HAHA ! I want to thank everyone who walled me yesterday ! I love all of you very much and half of your guys messages were hilarious ! =D All of you made my day much better ! Much peace and <3 
I have amazing family and friends which im extremely gratefull for . Most of all im beyond gracious to have my < PROPFEMALE > miracal make such a huge impact on my life . I live and breath for her and stop at nothing to protect her . Unfortunatly i need more help and prayers said into the universe to keep my baby fighting for her life . Please help me spread a chain of prayer for Marley , ill be very thankfull 
WHOO ! GOOD NEWS : So marley had an emergency surgery two days ago to stop a horrible GI bleed . She is doing well and keeping strong ! Were not out of the woods yet but just this little of good news is amazing ! Thank u all for the thoughts , love and prayers ! 
When you think you have nothing left and think things couldn't get worse . Stop and think for a minute . Pick yourself up and dust yourself off , and realize , things can ALWAYS be worse . If you aren't strong for yourself who else can be ? In the end it's you who will decided what will knock you out of this big game we call life . 
Hi . I remember him talking about u ! How's your son doing ? U guys had me worried . I hope he's doing better . Marley's doing ok . She just got out of a second surgery she had had this week and seems to be pulling through well . Were all still praying she'll have a speedy recovery and be out of the hospital before Halloween ! Let me know how everythings going . You have my number so if you need anything just let me know 
TWO MORE WEEKS !!! I cant wait my dear friend !!! Its time i have you near !!!! ^-^ *\ 
EP EP , When your on a holiday , You can't find the words to say . . . * 
ME : I totally dislike materialistic chicks ! They spend ridiculous money on things they don't need ! I'm not like that at all ! \ 
LIZ : -_- \ 
ME : what !?! \ 
LIZ : YOU HAVE 30 PAIRS OF SHOES ! \ 
ME : I NEED THOSE !!!! \ 
lmao . . . totall contradiction 
When times are bad and you feel you have no hope left , . . . . SING THE COCONUT SONG !!!!! : * * !!! Put the lime in the coconut and shake it all up !!! * 
My fingers smell like fish ;) * wink wink < PROPFEMALE > * lmao 
I've carried a child within my body . I've slept with a baby on my\ 
chest . I have kissed boo boos , been puked on , peed on and spent\ 
sleepless nights in a rocking chair with a sick child . But I wouldn't\ 
have it any other way . My body may not be magazine perfect , but when I\ 
look in the mirror I see a mom . And there is no greater honor or\ 
... blessing . Make this your status if you're proud to be a mom , I am !!! 
At the end of the day we're able to endure a lot more then we let ourselves believe . Step up . Do something amazing and crazy . In a life we only get one shot at I choose not to waste space , how about yourself ? 
= ' ( Im lizless ! Someone help me get my lizzy here !!!! 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
Christmas is a time for everyone to be spreading love and cheer . It's a wonderful time of year but unfortunatly life still takes it's course R.I.P. < PROPMALE > , Dios de bendiga y que duermas con los angelitos 
LMAO !!! Someone thinks id create a grindcore band !!!! I wish i could see who put that . Stupid coin thingies . You lack in presence when you are needed most !!! 
Of course . . . back in the hospital . And I've noticed I've grown so distant from where i lived but so attached to my new home . Doesn't erase my love for my family and true friends , i miss them wholeheartedly . But till my baby is healthy and safe , I won't be seeing you anytime soon . I love you all 
I need to do something drastic YET awesome and fitting to change my style up . . . So im counting on some awesome ideas here from you facebook people ! 
Apperantly i did drink too much coffe O.O 
Already hate today . < PROPFEMALE > . Lets go find happy hour -_- 
im a big time lesbo and what !!! wanna make out ;) 
O.O i thought i was going blind . . . . Till i cleaned my glasses . Der 
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not ; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for 
Facebook just totally reminded me it's my 2nd yr anniversary with my hubbs sunday . . . WHER'S MY HEAD ?!!! 
Marley having to go 6hrs with no eats+no drinks = one LONG day mommy's not prepared for . 
WHat's a perfect way to de-stress your life , have more free time and get lots of sleep ??! Have another baby that's how !!! @.@ Let's do this baby !!! LEt's do it all over again , can't wait 
I love San < PROPMALE>'s version of winter . . . I wore short shorts today . SUck that El Paso =P 
