Going to see Drake Tonite my new years resolution . to be less busy more lazy :-) 

EAS 18 Mo . 
I have Been in the desert for to long , 3 1/2 months to go . 
I been to so many places out of state that I now realize that , you know ? < PROPFEMALE > is not that bad . remember the vets 9/11/09 
I feel like Indiana Jones ! Ha ! 
Floating of the coast of Haiti . Man we are really wasting alot of money out here . 
Woooo Hoooo going to Cuba Tonite !! one step closer . 
Finally hitting land tommo . I was planning on taking a cruise in Miami . but I think I'll wait to get back on a boat for a few . first thing on my list to do hmmm ..... 
Woke up this mourning did two solid hrs of work . went to sleep one of my marines woke me up again for final formation . no one bothered me today . I belieave prayers are being answer . 
How in there world could it be cold in April . This place have problems 
Hahahahahahahahhahaa 
go to sleep @ 5PM wake up 1:45 in the mourning . man my schedule all < PROPFIRST > up !!! 
It matters not how strait the gate , \ 
How charged with punishments the scroll , \ 
I am the master of my fate :\ 
I am the captain of my soul . 
Dental officer says \you're in a roll never had a cavity\ " god bless genetics . " 
DC tommorow can't wait to get the hell out of armpits of NC 
Just witness about five cars with young guys/girls driving in and out of traffic doing the fast and furious thing . We latersee one the cars mini Cooper flip over crushed roof in and on fire . Noone is able to get to the pssg . 
No wonder why < PROPFEMALE > police like that 
Finally back from DC . Will upload later ssoooooo tired 
Kobe's gonna stomp on those greenboys Cletics 
Now I have 2 cars in my garage/ parking lot . Audi A4 and my original G Ford Focus 08 man . 
I want an infiniti . 
It would be nice to get the new iPhone 4 . but I am not due for an upgrade yet sooo hmmmm 
I am the captain of my soul 
Just found out 20 mins ago that I am going Canada for 2 wks 
Going to Miami to drop my Audi off to my dad for father's day . 
Woooooooo Lakers Win hell yeah . Kobe 5 time Champ 
getting all of my clothes together to go to Canada tommorow . 
Today is Canada day and I'm in Canada this is one of the best times I've had in a while 4-5 days of fuckin crazy shit fun . Lololol and I am leaving tommorow 
Lebron welcome to the Heat of Miami wwwooooo hooooo 
My head is pounding and its so fluffy ..... Dispecable Me 
im at work aned on facebook . < PROPFEMALE > is good 
I dont know what you done to me but I know this much is true ...... I wanna do bad things to you . :-) m love wacthing true blood at night 
Mcpon 
Down in VA beach for the weekend 
< PROPFIRST>'s seafood restaurant in VA is the best . Good food .... good live music highly reco . 
Love big beach waves . Knocks off all clothing lol .... Step Up 3D is mmmmmm Fair the 3D part is good 
about to get My tiger wood on and head to the golf course . frist time I ever played I beat all the guys I played lol . I think I should go pro 
Hotel suite in < PROPFEMALE > Beach . I am ready 
Thank god for Mother RUSSIA hahhahahah ! 
I need to go to Romania . 
High noon at Dicks 
I have to get the Hell out of NC and/or 3/10 it is not safe for me here 
ok , así que estoy en Mi Cabaña y pensé que tal vez debería hablar español . Pero todo el mundo en el lugar es blanco . 
Just woke up ..... hate when that happens 
Wooo hoo 1115 and I'm off work , thank yooouuu uncle < PROPFIRST > 
Quiero manejar en < PROPFEMALE > convertible sin camisa 
Advancement exams woo hoo . I wonder how fast I can finish my test . 
My last 4 day field opt starts today . I HATE this camping crap but love that this will be the last one I do by someone else will . 
Today's my grandmothers birthday . I decided to name a couple fond moments with her . I remember when she beat me in Killer Instinct(video game ) with one button . And when we went to Bush Gardens and she was the only old grandma to ride the big eagle roller coaster . Grandma ..... your a badass . 
In DC with \The Brothers \"" 
Woooo Favre to Moss first Tochdown 500th career TD 
52 days of a paid vacation . List of things to do . Party-thanksgiving-party-Christmas-then party-news years-reflect on the times in mil then party . Lol JK I'm not celebrating Christmas much . 
Just got finish watching beauty and the beast , feel so good/young inside 
dam I almost burnt the freakin house down . I really need to stop tryin to cook 
OMG !!!!! I'm going crazy in my own house . 
Friday and I'm sad as hell 
Computer finally work , lost all my pictures phone contacts all deleted all my memories lost dam . 
53 dollars for 3 drinks noooo 
Goooooo !!!!! Heat 
It took Oprah like 20 sum-tin years to be a billionaire and it took a college dude(to make Facebook ) 3 years to be the same ................ WTF 
< PROPFEMALE > Lozada ........... boy I tell ya 
Go Duckkkkssss !!!!!!! 
No wrong team gooooo Tigeeerrrssss !!!!!!!! Wooo 
Go Pats woo ! 
K . < PROPFEMALE > is somtin serious 
wooo packs killin them 
pretty nice night hmm ........... on a wensday ....... weird 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes . I really appreciate it . I'm actually celebrating this weekend in S . Beach , anyone invited . Free living spaces 
I gotta feelin 
Oyè El Niño ooooooooooo noooooooooooooo lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Denmark woo !!!! 
Lebron messing us up . pass the BALL !!! 
Noooo come on Heat . :-( ........ O well 
Yea ! < PROPMALE > G concert tonite ! Time to get ready for nite time drivin music . 
< PROPMALE > going crazy !!!! 
Old new york lady telling me about west side story and trying to hook me up with her daughter as I'm serving them(imma waiter ) . lol awee I like this job a little better now . 
