I hope I see you there ! I'd say lets run together - but I can't talk when I run so I don't know if it'd do much good . I'm usually happy just to be breathing .... did you run the Race for the Cure ? 

You got (<PROPFIRST>'s post ! ) 
okay , I'm going to enter the Firecracker 5000 tomorrow - I better get a T-shirt ! That's the reason we run races , right ? 
The Firecracker gives new meaning to the phrase \Beer Run \"!" 
Doing homework again ... it'll be so nice to have my weekends back when classes are done ! Four more to go .... 
Wow is it 1:00 already ? Where did the day go ? I want another week of RTLO .... 
Just got an A on my first IIN test - Yay ! 
Still doing homework .... at least it was raining today - I didn't miss much outdoor fun . 
Training with Abner again . All I can say , is - OUCH . Nothing like a round ( or five ) of muscle shaking squats to get back in the program . ( then leg press , then hamstrings , then leg extensions .... ) I think I'll be taking the elevator to my desk tomorrow .... 
Another leg workout with Abner today at Fitness - I wonder if I'll be able to walk up the stairs on Monday ? Thank goodness for elevators and escalators ..... 
9 weeks before Illinois State Bodybuilding , Fitness , and Figure - NPC it's CRUNCH TIME ! 
I thought you were testing 
starting another Race for the Cure . Brrr ! 
spray tan done . omg it is so dark !!! how funny . 
< PROPFIRST > is driving first . we'll take turns . 
its a < PROPFEMALE > and beautiful day for travel . 
funny to see exits for places I used to snow dogs and now I'm showing me ! lol . what a trip . 
I'm glad the boys are wirh me ! 
in the city stuck in traffic . almost there though ! 
on 
on our way to the hotel now 
headed to gym for competitor check in 
all checked in . I'm lucky number 7 ! 
back at the hotel . I think its time for a nap ! 
Abner ( my trainer ) just got here . we're going to dinner so he can tell me what to eat ! 
there are 15 girls in my class tomorrow . I feel freaky with this tan . 
Abner and I are at the venue . competitors are just starting to arrive . I still taste my pancakes ! 
< PROPMALE > says he has me placed about fourth . He's on his way home , but < PROPFEMALE > is here and she's going to go back for the night show with me . The judging is over but we won't know who won til tonight . I have to go on stage one more time , but it's for the awards . < PROPMALE>'s got a night hunt with his coon dog tonight . :) 
I'm getting ready to leave the hotel for the evening show . < PROPMALE>'s coming out to see me ! That's so cool I won't even mention Analysis . lol 
I can't believe I'm doing two competitions back to back but the boys and I are off for Rockford tomorrow morning . this is probably the last one of the year . 
on the road again 
I've started using http://NutshellMail.com to manage my Facebook and Twitter accounts through one simple email . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tell daddy mom locked keys in the car ! k ? 
starting meeting with < PROPFEMALE > in five minutes .... ( midnight our time ... ) stay awake stay awake stay awake :) 
And where are you Woody ? 
another beautiful day at Caterpillar ... ( that's for you Woody ! ) 
going to the movies with the kids ... 
FB is pretty cool - never had so many birthday wishes before ! :) 
Thanks to everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes ! 
another day another workout . off to work now ! 
another Sunday leg day ... the gym is empty today ! everyone must be mowing ! 
on our way to Litchfield 
mama can still ski . 
Mama can still ski . oh yeah ! 
almost home . yawn 
Another Monday .... 
sitting in the waiting room at Peoria Day surgery waiting for prescreening tests . thank goodness for my BlackBerry , keeping me entertained ! 
Is it Friday yet ? 
I think today looks like a good day to do absolutely nothing .... 
Wow , today went fast and I didn't accomplish a thing .... 
cleaning the barn with my girls today ... 
Camping again . Probably one of the last weekends of the season . 
yay ! Marmaduke is released today ! what a great movie ! :) . 
My girls are camped out in my bedroom watching movies with me tonight . All the pain medication has left me a bit loopy , so I don't think it matters much what we watch ! :) 
OMG I'm already sick of lying in bed and it's only been two days . It wouldn't be so bad if only I could get comfortable ! 
My movie marathon continues with \The Breakfast Club \"" 
< PROPFIRST>'s made chili ... it smells delicious ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is awesome 
OMG , my baby boy is 18 today !!!! That's not possible , I'm not old enough to have an 18 year old . 
Just left the kids and husband at the Kennel Lake weenie roast . I'm not quite up for too much wind and cold with no soft place to sit just yet ! 
I just taught my youngest daughter how to curl he hair with a curling iron ... 
its hot today ... wish I would have checked to forecast . stuck in jeans . ugh . 
Oh , MAN !! I left my iTouch at Buckman photography .... used it to do the math to figure out < PROPFIRST>'s senior pictures .... I hope I get it back ! That thing's been everywhere with me .... 
If\ 
you have a dog who has made you laugh , brightened your life , silently \ 
accepted your tears without judgment , snuggled with you , forgiven your \ 
faults and loved you anyway , make this your status . Dogs are a gift most\ 
of us don't deserve . Repost this if you have an amazing dog or two or \ 
... three or .....! 
yay ! found my itouch . I DID leave OT at the photographers . I think it was sticker shock .... lol . 
Making pancakes for the kids .... Mmmmm smells good :) 
setting my alarm for work tomorrow . 
Back in the gym .... S-L-O-W-L-Y . 
\ ... the secret of success of every person who has ever been successful likes in the fact that they formed the habit of doing things that failures don't like to do . \ " < PROPFIRST > E . N . Gray from \ " The Common Denominator of Success \"" 
Today is Pajama day at < PROPFEMALE > Brown ..... 
Sunday - leg day ..... 
trick or treat ! 
btw my profile pick is my son < PROPFIRST > ! 
Good friends , good books and a sleepy conscience : this is the ideal life . \ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > Twain 
Making cookies with the girls for the cake walk - tomorrows school carnival . I haven't eaten a crumb .... 
if you ever want to know how bad I sing , just ride with me to work while I belt out ELO's Magic . lol . \ ... never believe its not so ... \ " . no wonder my kids won't let me sing when I drop them off at school ! :) " 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid , and their handicap is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and loved . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour ? Itis Special Education Week , and this is in honor of ALL children who were born in a unique and loving way . 
One of the first conditions of happiness is that the link between Man and Nature shall not be broken . - < PROPFIRST > Tolstoy 
\Middle age : when you're sitting at home on Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you . \ " - Ogden Nash " 
Don't we have an appointment in an hour ? I guess I better get off FB and get dressed :) 
St. < PROPFIRST > of Assisi wrote so eloquently , O Divine Master , < PROPMALE > that I may not so much seek to be consoled , as to console ; to be understood , as to understand ; to be loved , as to love . For it is in giving that we receive . ” 
I wonder if I've been changed in the night ? Let me think . Was I the same when I got up this morning ? I almost think I can remember feeling a little different . But if I'm not the same , the next question is ' Who in the world am I ? ' - < PROPFEMALE > ( L < PROPFIRST > ) 
GRRRR I just updated the software on my Blackberry and all my prior settings and apps are gone .... UGH 
Oh the weather outside is frightful ..... and the kids are already asking if tomorrow is a snow day ! 
its snowing in Atlanta ..... 
yay ! flight on time . we might get out of the snow yet . 
The beach is just fabulous after snow .... 
Ya Mon ..... No Problem ! 
Just back from a beach party .... 
I signed up for scuba diving class today ... class is 9 am tomorrow . 
Is it really time to go back to work ? :( 
I earned the Silver level of the Stack badge from Audible.com on my iPhone . What level are you ? audible.com/wireless 
I earned the Gold level of the High Noon badge from Audible.com on my iPhone . What level are you ? audible.com/wireless 
I earned the Silver level of the Undecider badge from Audible.com on my iPhone . What level are you ? audible.com/wireless 
I earned the Silver level of the Flash 80 badge from Audible.com on my iPhone . What level are you ? audible.com/wireless 
I earned the Silver level of the Weekend Warrior badge from Audible.com on my iPhone . What level are you ? audible.com/wireless 
I earned the Silver level of the All Nighter badge from Audible.com on my iPhone . What level are you ? audible.com/wireless 
I earned the Silver level of the Social Butterfly badge from Audible.com on my iPhone . What level are you ? audible.com/wireless 
Oh the weather outside is frightful ... 
we have officially lost power . it flickered a few times but now its out for good I fear . thank goodness for blackberries and 3G . at least as long as the batteries last ! 
omg . how cool . my son has night vision googles that actually work . how cool ! lol . its darker in the house then it is outside . 
wow it IS thundering and lightening . Freaky ! I thought for a minute we had the lights back but no it was lightening . 
@ my IBM friends - who wants to run < PROPFEMALE>'s daily queries ? I don't think Inspector works on my blackberry . :) . 
4700 outages effecting 36,000 customers means no estimated time for the return of electricity for ameron customers . :( at least that is what there message says . 
anyone besides me have no power ? or am I the only one with no power on Facebook ? ( thank god for 3G ) 
I'm SOOOO Grateful for a warm house tonight ! Not to mention lights . ;) The house is up to 64 degrees now ... slowly climbing . I never thought 64 would feel so warm ! 
< PROPMALE > 709 No school tomorrow ! Yay ! We were all bummin thinking we wasted a snow day in a cold house with no electricity . Now we can enjoy being snowed in . 
Sunday leg day .... oh yeah . Nothin ' like the sound of plates rattling in the morning , huh < PROPFEMALE > ? ;) 
I earned the < PROPFEMALE > level of the High Noon badge from Audible.com on my iPhone . What level are you ? audible.com/wireless 
I earned the Gold level of the All Nighter badge from Audible.com on my iPhone . What level are you ? audible.com/wireless 
You earned a < PROPFEMALE > badge !, All Nighter badge earned from Audible.com on my iPhone . Check out the latest Audible news on the free app . http://audible.com/wireless 
BREAKING NEWS : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Hell Over It . Any complaints about how we operate , can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aah with Dr. Sniffle Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . If you like this , repost it . If you don't , suck it up ! Life doesn't revolve around you ! 
