busy moving to my new house . YEA !!!! 

Relaxin in my brand new house . Unpacking for the final time in my life . I hope . Or at least until I miss Germany enough to try and move back somehow . 
Been busy with my new job so sorry I haven't been on in awhile . Lots of love to all my friends out there in the world . I pray for you all the time . 
tryin to get into ots 
OK everyone . I have lock myself out of my hotmail account and I cant recover my password . My new email address is shanda_illert@yahoo.com . I hate hotmail but I had that email since I was 16 years old . Now I am with yahoo 
new email address for < PROPFEMALE > illert : < PROPFEMALE > _illert@yahoo.com 
I am mad as all get out about the Fort Hood situation . The Illert family passes its deepest sympathies to all those affected . We are praying for everyone . I am just happy none of my army buddies got hurt . 
Health and Welfares are soooo much fun . It would be better though if they were not in the middle of the night . 
San < PROPFIRST > had snow yesterday . We had a record two inches !!!! We also had a late start at the base . It was awsome 
Sitting here watching my son < PROPMALE > hunt our cat tinkerbell under the christmas tree ... uh oh .... there goes the tree .... booommm !!!! 
Sitting here tired from my pain medicine 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy New Year to everyone . I am late yes but I was not on my computer yesterday . 
I am busy checking emails . Sometimes I am so busy I do not have time to post . I am working full time , a mom full time , a wife , and I am a full time student . Please do not be disheartened if I do not answer sometimes . 
Busy little < PROPFEMALE > . Doing Gov't homework and taking a History quiz in the middle of the night . 
In Germany seeing the grandparents and sharing our boys . It beautiful and suprisingly warm for March . That of course means that I packed to warm . 
I am sititng here in cafe with my friends and i am doing homework . I want to be finished with school . 
Please pray for Andi mom < PROPFEMALE > because she will have surgery tomorrow . It is an emergency surgery . Thanks !! 
< PROPFEMALE > is ok after her surgery . Thanks for all the prayers . She is recovering . Tumor sucessfully removed 
Thanks to everyone who is praying for < PROPMALE>' mom . She is recovering well in the hospital . I do believe all of your prayers made her surgery sucessful . She is very thankful to all of you . 
Andi's mom came home from the hospital and is now recovering . She is moving around , but in a lot of pain still . Please keep her in your prayers . She will be getting more Chemo 
Is also mad at self for not getting Bachlors degree yet because although I have 10 years experience no one will hire her 
I definately wish I could be a stay at home mom , but alas that is not my lot in life . 
Going to bed after working on my Govt homework . 
Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful men that are my friends . 
Happy Anniversary Mom and Dad 
23 Aug college starts ... excited to start my new career .... anxious ..... but confident 
Which social circle at DLI do you belong in ? -- My Result : The Drunks . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/174509/referrals/status?aid=1369178432 
What Decade Fits Your Personality Best ? -- My Result : 1940's . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/207044/referrals/status?aid=1369178432 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > , Busier than a one legged man in a butt kicking contest . I ran around all day yesterday and ran out of gass ... EHHHH . The police came and then my brother . It was a mess . How are you ? I miss you . 
Sitting in front of my computer doing homework since 4 AM . In three < PROPFEMALE > off to wake the boys and start the day . College is so different than I expected , but I have the 3rd highest grade in my Anatomy class and that rocks !!! 
Oh and to all my friends who wonder why I haven't said anything on facebook it's because I just figured it out with the help of two 19 year olds from school . I am so far behind on this thing . 
Ok the day is going good . My Psychology teacher cancelled class . Yea 3 hours free time . 
I like it in the passenger seat of my car 
Still up doing homework and checking out Facebook on my break . 
Sometimes when the children won't cooperate and you want to sit down on the floor in Target and cry right along with them ... you need to just go home and take a nap . 
I am tired !!! :P Mid terms are just rollin ' in . I begged for mercy and my teacher just smiled . 
Today is a wonderful day\ 
Rain Storm Cooler weather and no parade ... Yea !!!!! 
Wonderful Weather in San < PROPFIRST > Texas ... Stormy and then a cool fall day 
I am enjoying an excellent Birthday full of Anatomy tests and ROTC , but I have some of the best friends in the world who remembered me today . Thanks . 
Happy holiday ... sometimes I wish we had more in the year ... I sure miss Russia with all its random weird days off . 
I have a project due in < PROPMALE > class and need some help . In one or two sentences describe what < PROPMALE > /Deutsch means . HELP . 
Homework Help : Was ist Deutsch in einem oder zwei Satze . What is < PROPMALE > in one or two sentences ... Your response will only go in my presentation for class . 
A++ on my < PROPMALE > report ... Thanks everyone .... 1+++ fuer mein proekt ... danke fuer die hilfe 
< PROPFEMALE > is studying for finals and found that ROTC christmas party overrated 
I am dancing and singing .... whew finals are over .... Anatomy ( B ) Psychology ( A ) < PROPMALE > ( A ) Air Force ( A ) and I just finished Algebra but I feel like its a slam dunk ( A ) . Thanks for all the prayers everyone . 
Fuer meine freunde danke fuer die gebiete und daume drucken Ich hab mein exams gemacht und ( 1 ) in Psychologie , Deutsche , Luftwaffe , Algebra , gekreigt und 2 in Anatomie . Ich tanze gerade und bin uberglucklich !!!! 
Loving Christmas today ... The street down from ours is very bright . I am also trying to sell college books back .. any suggestions ? Let me know if someone needs one . 
Dislikes it when parents just hear what they want and then make you spend money doing their bidding and then act like you suggested it and then offer to compensate you for your trouble in a way that makes you feel guilty that you even brought it up . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to everyone 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone .... I love you all .. I wish you all a wonderful holiday with family and friends . I miss you all . 
Hoping that all those who survived in Arizona recover soon 
Lovin the 17 degrees F , no electricity , and stupid ASU for making us go to school today 
Love looking at snow . Love watching dumb rednecks park on ice spots and then gun the engine , spinning the tires as fast as possible and then shoot across the street and ram into police cars . Love that San < PROPFIRST > took two days off from work and school because of less than a half of an inch of snow . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone . Ich liebe euch alle . C dnem < PROPFEMALE > 
warm weather makes me sleepy 
Working on my English paper : Analyze the characterization of the Misfit in \A Good Man is Hard to Find\ " O'Connor .... not that you wanted to know but now you do .... so there :P " 
Ok so I lost 4 lbs ... I am so excited ... Now I am off to write yet another exciting English paper . 
Tired of writing my English paper ... 
Bored and sad , but spring break is finally here !!! 
Doing homework last minute ... spring break flew by ... Procrastination my long time enemy 
Ok now to do my taxes ... write 3 papers for linguistics ... one paper for english and pick up the muchkins .... Man the day sometimes needs to be extend about 8 hours , but secretly so I can catch a few winks 
sorry for the profile count message every one i hit the wrong button on an application .... duely deleted 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > Illert .... The big \5\ " today . I am so proud to be your Mommy !! " 
Have had horrible allergy attack all day ... i could barely see .. thanks alot to all those grass mowing crazies who were out today ... I almost died . 
Ok .... just a few more weeks left until summer .... I can do this ... 
Ehh the week is finally over and now on to weekend homework 
Hello family and friends ... Guten Tag Illerts .... I miss ya ... vermisse euch ... Druzya ckuchayu chut chut 
