Basketball and I are a strange combination ... I either can't miss a shot ( and can't explain how I'm shooting so well ) , or I can't make a shot ( and again have no explanation ) . I went from opposite extremes in 2 days ... 

Ah dang ! Snow on the ground ! Good day for Basketball ! :p 
So I just found out that the Congressional Ethics Committee has decided that I can only work as an Intern for 3 months ( been here since September ) . I'm pretty devastated ! I've been having a lot of fun here at McClintock's Office ! I'll be out by mid June at the latest ... :( :( :( 
It's official ! Dropped 16 pounds over the past one and a half months . That makes 45 pounds since January of 09 . Just got back from running 3 < PROPMALE > . Clocked in at a 7 minute mile . I was lucky to get 1 mile at about 12 minutes January of 09 . I owe a lot to my trainer who consistently beats the tar out of me !!! Doing 250 ( 125 morning and evening ) pushups a day too . 
Oh great ! Healthcare < PROPMALE > passes , gonna be a bad day at the congressional office tomorrow ... Talk about mad constituents ... 
Got told today that I was part of a vast conspiracy by both republicans and democrats to pass healthcare reform at the congressional office today by a constituent . I can't win ... Haha ! At least I wasn't called a \pawn of the new world order\ " like a < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > cultist accused me of 2 weeks ago ... I want to know where they come up with these brilliant ideas ... " 
Spring break ... ... ... YEAH !!! Time to hit the pool and get some laps in ! 
\The darkest places in h *** are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis . \ " - < PROPMALE > Alighieri " 
Sigh ... A week of spring break and I didn't hit the pool 1 time !!! What did I actually accomplish this week come to think of it ??? 
AACK !!! CONGRESSMAN MCCLINTOCK JUST WALKED IN !!! Just about fell off my chair ! I get SO NERVOUS whenever he walks in !!! 
Got a 3 hour American Military History class tonight . Great subject , terrible format ! 3 hours is just too much ! Almost as bad as the 3 hour College Algebra class I took over the summer ! Almost ... 
AACK !!! Time for the < PROPFIRST > Aldrich Challenge ! Just found out my 10 < PROPFEMALE > essay for American Military history is due next Thursday . Gotta read another 400 < PROPFEMALE > s and write a 10 < PROPFEMALE > r by then ... I want to thank procrastination for giving me the oportunity to take on this amazing feat ... 
gonna be burning the midnight oil ... got a couple songs down , got a couple more to go . I'm putting a CD together after this ... haha ! 
Done for the night , but not for the project . got some early morning recording to look forward to ... :( 
It's almost over ! It's almost over !!! Just gotta keep it together for another hour and its all done ( Yes its still music related ... ) ! Then I have to cram for 2 tests tomorrow ... ACK !!! 
Cost of a cup of water : 20 cents . Cost of a new computer monitor : $180 . Cost of irritating the heck out of your older brother by clumsily dumping that 20 cent cup of water into your old monitor requiring the purchase of a new one : priceless ... 
ugh ... MUST STAY AWAKE ! I'm fighting off Z's in my American Military History class ! 
just had to check into the ER . MY STOMACH IS ON FIRE ! 
Pain was terrible ! didn't get any sleep and the docs think it could be my appendix ... they had to give me pain meds through an IV ... 
had to check into the ER @ 5AM this morning . HAVING TERRIBLE ABDOMINAL PAIN ! Got 0 sleep and the pain seems to be getting worse prior to the IV pain med they just gave me . The docs suspect it to be my appendix ... :( 
surgeo . 
surgeon and my doctor both think the appendix needs to come out . waiting on the CT scan to weigh in still ... 
the docs just gave me another couple hours to decide how to play this ... 
looks like I go into surgery in 20 mins . they are telling me now that there is definitely an infection in the lymph nodes near the appendix ... the pain isn't really going away either ... 
I survived ! course the pain in my abdomen from the cuts they made exceeds the pain I went in with so what did I accomplish again ? :p 
happy Sabbath all ! ill miss all mu church family tomorrow ! Gotta recuperate ... 
The nurses have been impressed at how quickly I'm rebounding . I'm up and about now eating solid foods with just a bit of soreness where the surgeon \stabbed\ " me as one of the nurses called it . They say nothing strenuous for at least 2 weeks but that's going to be hard for me to actually abide by ... No driving for a bit either . " 
Checking out ! Thanks for all the prayers and kind words ! back home to sleep some more . maybe get some walking in on the treadmill ... 
going to the park . < PROPFEMALE > probably thinks she's going to cream her brothers in a match of tennis . I shall rise through the ashes to deny her this wish !!! Muhaha ... Ouch ! note to self : laughing still hurts ! Where are my pain pills ? 
Have THE MOST AMAZING headache right now ... Really top quality ! 
Aright ... Just sitting down to start my essay ... 1/5th of a < PROPFEMALE > done , 9 and 4/5ths more to go ... Oh , and 130 < PROPFEMALE > s still to read to finish off the last half of the essay . Thank goodness he pushed the due date back a week , but I'm still behind !!! 
Half the essay done ! I'm skimming the reading still , gonna need to skim that last 100 pages or so to answer the other half of the essay ... 
At 6.5 pages . I'm getting mentally dull ( as if that's not the case always ... ) . Gonna get some sleep and regroup in the morning . I've got a lot of work to do , but I'm satisfied with where I'm at . 
just coughed , and it didn't hurt like mad ! Drove myself into work today as well ! its the little things in life you take for granted ... 
Ah ! There you are headache ! I was starting to feel lonely ... 
DONE WITH MY 10 PAGER ON THE IRAQ WAR !!! Maybe I'll post it fooling myself into believing someone would actually want to read it ... :p As a political junkie , I NEVER KNEW THAT HALF THIS STUFF OCCURED !!! 
Totally random , but I have had \Part of Your World\ " from Disney's \ " The Little Mermaid\ " stuck in my head all week !!! AACK !!! Was < PROPFIRST > by someone in my voice class and it just keeps popping into my head ... : $ " 
Be careful about reading health books . You may die of a misprint . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Ever feel like you're keeping up just enough to stay in the game but never enough to win ? Feels about right ... 
\A true friend stabs you in the front\ " - < PROPFIRST > Wilde " 
Taking my siblings to a Celtic Woman concert in a couple hours ... ... ... No it does not compromise my masculinity !!! XP 
first sighting of a man wearing a kilt at this concert ... SERIOUSLY SIR ! Put on some pants ! 
that violinist is totally syncing it ! 
Every once in a while I get a glimps of just how truly selfish I am , leaving me miserable . Then I am reminded of people much more selfish than I , leaving me miserable AND angry ... 
Schools done , and not a moment too soon . I think I used up everything that was left in reserve for that last exam ... 
First official week of summer break ! LOVING IT !!! 
@ the dentists office preparing for a mouthful of drill ... first cavity . I can no longer feel the left side of my face . Thank you anesthetic ... 
\We lost because we told ourselves we lost\ " - Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy " 
Ok , so it's snowing at my place , in late May ! Thank goodness for Global Warming ... 
Help ! I'm being held against my will ! Parents are forcing me to clean my room ... How old am I again ? :D 
Free at last ! Free at last ! Thank God almighty I'm free at last ! BRACES ARE OFF !!! 
Weirdest dream EVER last night ... Dreamed I shot myself in the forehead , then woke up with a spliting pressure headache right in the very spot where the bullet had entered in my dream ... Where's my aspirin ? 
Got election worker trining today . 3 hours of instruction on official election worker protocol and procedure ... I'll report back on how long it takes before I actually WISH I could shoot myself ... :D 
First thought on the election clerk training : ok , so they pay us $20 to sit through a 3 hour class . Last I checked that is less than minimum wage . Is there a problem here ? 
Flax seed oil has to be THE WORST tasting stuff on the planet ... 
Car broke down . forced to sit in a starbucks chilling ... not a totally bad situation I guess . :p 
First softball game of the season , couldn't have went better ! 3-3 with a HR , 3R's and an RBI in a winning effort ! 
Election day ... 10 voters so far ... 2 hours down , 13 more to go . there are 2 of us younger than 40 and 3 of 17 are male . Gonna be a long day ... 
trying my luck at an afternoon cycle . I've been sporadically trying to get back into it since surgery , this trail has me up against the ropes ! 
bowling ... getting my pride handed to me ... MY SISTER IS BEATING ME NO LESS !!! 
Gotta update my \About me\ " blurb now ... I'm not 22 anymore ... " 
Sleep is something I always wish I'd done more of , but when I get the < PROPMALE > to , always have something else going on more interesting ... 
so forgive me if I'm looking a gift horse in the mouth but if bestbuy is consistently $15-20 more expensive than comparable stores , giving me a gift card to bestbuy is only going to mess with me inside ! 
sitting in my dads broke down truck wondering why me ?... 
Leaving for Tennessee in 7 hours ! Will be in survival mode at Southern Adventist University for a month before returning to knock out another round of classes at < PROPFEMALE > College ... 
Never fails ... got through TSA security with a full container of hair spray ... I feel INCREDIBLY secure ! 
From Sacramento to Phoenix , then < PROPFEMALE > , now we are departing for Atlanta , with a trip by shuttle to Chattanooga before being picked up by a representative from Southern ... 
So I forgot my electric shaver cord at home , and the battery is low . Have to buy a new shaver , only problem is the only store that would < PROPFEMALE > it , Walmart , informs me \they don't < PROPFEMALE > electric shavers anymore ... YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME !!! Had to try with an old fashioned razor and it didn't work out perfectly ... :( " 
< PROPFIRST > at cafeteria to server : ill have the normal ( with eggs ) pancake , server : oh don't say that ! call them regular ! you don't want to make the vegans feel bad ! ROFL ! 
1:50 AM , cannot sleep ... Blasted insomnia !!! figured I'd get 0 sleep the night before a test ... :( 
Sitting through the most pointless lecture I have ever sat through in all my years in academia ... memorable quote : \some students think they can get the degree without having taken all the required classes and that is not the case ... \"" 
sitting in vespers being forced to watch a mime pretend to be a paraplegic and wondering how this has anything to do with worship or religion in even the slightest way ... 
this trip has been such a bust ! just took out a tire on the rental car I had ... I CANNOT AFFORD THIS RIGHT NOW !!! literally hit a off ramp wall ... :( 
Basketball intramurals are going FANTASTIC !!! We are 3-0 , and I'm averaging 8 points off the bench shooting 75% from the field ! 
gonna get some mini-golf in , but I cannot assume my alter-persona as Tiger Toothpick because of you know who's tarnished reputation ... I shall be < PROPMALE > Michaelson ! 
To all my new Southern friends : Good luck with the fall semester ! I have a few more classes to complete at my community college back home , but I will see you again in the spring semester ! 
So I'm stuck at < PROPMALE > international Airport because my lousy airline Frontier Airlines lost my baggage and sent me out to baggage claim which meant I had to go thru security AGAIN . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > made it through and will be home safely ... meanwhile , Ill be spending the night in the airport ... 
Rental car damage report in ... I owe $430 . ACK !!! 
Let the training for the California International Marathon begin ! 5 < PROPMALE > Sunday , then again Monday . Gonna kill my half marathon ! 
< PROPFEMALE > college has THE WORST post class traffic . Its gonna take me a half hour just to get a quarter mile ... 
Time to get some cycling in ! its good to be back on the Folsom river bike path ! 
\I suppose I should give up hope . I have yet to meet the man who is as fond of virtue as he is of beauty in women . \ " - Confucius " 
I'm part of the special music @ church today . Never quite get over being nervous ... Assuming it doesn't bomb , I'll post it afterwards . 
So this is what 8 hours of sleep feels like ... 
Seriously ! Only my history teacher could make Chinese history dull enough for half the class to fall asleep ... 
Polls are open ! I'm working the polling place in Colfax again this election . 6am-8pm ... 
Teacher asks question , I answer , she tells me I'm dead wrong . Then she gives the \right answer\ " which is exactly what I said ... people around me were looking at me like : \ " isn't that what you just said ? \ " That about sums up the day ... " 
Please pray for my Border Collie \Cookie\ " . Vets are saying she likely won't live past the weekend . A little over a week after losing our cat . " 
Word of the day : FIREBIRD !!! 
Word of the day : Hate . As in , I HATE < PROPMALE > CARS !!! 
Just technically gave my boss my 30 days notice . Boy that feels weird after having worked here for 6 years ... Basically 1/4th of my life has been in Adventist Health - Claims Central ... 
Burn ! Oh it burns ! california international relay is killing me ! 13 < PROPMALE > ... another to go ... 
14.2 < PROPMALE > ! 9:30 avg . 
Waiting on hold through possibly THE WORST on hold background audio ever ! 30 second loop of some weird elevator music that a newborn could have hatched up , with frequent interruptions of \please hold for the next available agent . \ " . it must be experienced to be believed ... " 
Christmas symbolizes everything that is right and wrong with humanity ... a part of me dies when I get stuck in last minute Christmas shopping traffic or have to navigate a frantic Christmas mob while trying to buy something routine from Walmart ... 
Sac State Orientation this morning ... Need I say more ? 
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous , he will not bite you ; that is the principal difference between a dog and a man - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
hmm ... Always makes me stop and wonder for a sec when I'm down a friend off facebook ... 
This amazing weather finally gives me an excuse to try the T-top on my firebird ! Oh yeah ! 
Trip to the junkyard ! scouting parts ! 
I've achieved a new role ! Amateur Mechanic ! Fixed the non-reclining passenger chair in my firebird ... 
School in the morning ... So not looking forward to it ! 
First Sac-State class later this afternoon ... Why are my nerves so shot ? 
Just finding out how woefully unprepared I am for Business Calculus . Going to be a LONG semester ... 
If I have to avert one more accident because the general populous can't figure out how to use a turn signal or look before making a < PROPFIRST > change I may just kick it mountain hermit style ... YEESH ! 
I can sum my whole day up in one sentence : took my Business Calculus exam at 8am , thought it was on Wednesday ... :O 
How's this to start your weekend : electronic road sign says \snowing over summit . expect 3 hour delay . \ " ACK ! I better not be stuck in the car for 3 hours ... " 
Teacher : What do you call a person who keeps on talking when people are no longer interested ? \ 
Student : A teacher ! 
you know you are about to be PLASTERED with snow when you head into town for work and every offramp has 3 caltrans trucks and a tv camera crew just sitting there ... 
Going to be doing something I've only dreamed about this weekend . 4 feet of snow on the ground ? SNOW TUNNELS !!! 
just barely walked in 30 seconds before my portion of the group class presentation . The collective sigh of relief will haunt me for weeks ... 
If electricity comes from electrons , does morality come from morons ? 
Business Calculus ! Why must you sap my confidence , drain my vigor and threaten my mental well-being ! 
a guy wants to get his girlfriend something nice for her birthday . she says , “oh , just take me somewhere expensive . ” so he drops her off at a gas station . 
Nothing feels so demeaning as having to come up with filler on a college essay paper . I mean , I've said everything there imaginably is to say on this paper ... *\ 
\ 
* < PROPFIRST > Aldrich approves of this message 
