is taking advantage of the last night of rest before closing weekend of \Leading Ladies\ " at Footlighters Theater " 

That's enough for tonight ! 
Closing night ! Last < PROPMALE > to see \Leading Ladies\ " at Footlighters ! " 
Tomorrow's Friday .... YAY ! 
Yay ! It's Friday ( for all intents and purposes , you pooh-poohers ) . Now , just to make it through the next 9 hours . 
Heading back out to the House from Hell this afternoon . 
just had a lovely day at the < PROPMALE > Museum with friends . 
just needs to make it through the next ten hours and then ... VACATION TIME !!! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ... but next year , send cash ! ;-) 
desperately wants a cigarette ( but won't have one ) ... it's been 3 1/2 weeks !!! 
thinks words of encouragement are nice ... cash of encouragement is nicer !! 
ok ... so in nearly 4 weeks ( Friday ) smoke-free , someone please tell me where all this money I'm supposedly saving is !! I don't see it 
Scrambled brain ... what fun ! 
OK ... if anyone in my G&S Christmas < PROPFIRST > cast is still here .... you better get moving !! We have a matinee this afternoon and call is in 45 minutes ! BTW , everyone's doing a GREAT job !! 
Nap time ! I love vacation days ! 
Happy New Year ! 
How cool is it to save 20% by scanning my phone ?!?! 
I've realized that if it wasn't for social networking , I wouldn't have the time to be anti-social ! 
Sorry to see Neicy Nash eliminated from DWTS last night . 
We're 34,000 feet up on our way to Chicago on our way to New Mexico . Delays upon delays ... we'll get there evetually . But first , I may see < PROPFIRST > for the first time ! 
Now we're beginning our decent into Chicago . Should land in about 25 minutes ( technically arrive at the gate ) . 
descent/desent ... whatever 
OK . Gotta log off now ! 
I'm back for a bit .... 32,000 feet somewhere over the midwest ... with lots of flooding . 
We're still on track to arrive in Albuquerque on time ( 12:15 MDT/ 2:15 EDT ) . They held the flight in Chicago for us and we had to run ( well , walk really quickly ! ) to catch the flight . 
Well ... I survived Albuquerque and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and more importantly , my bank account survived . On life support , but , so far , still with us ! 
is VERY , VERY slowly returning to the real world ... and everything hurts ! 
I don't wanna go back to work ! 
Yay ! It's my birthday . Funny , I don't feel 30 ! 
Thank goodness the whirlwind that was my birthday is over and now I can relax . 
Oh ... and thank you to everyone for your birthday wishes ! Now if only they were cash as I requested , then I'd be truely grateful !! 
Why does everything hurt ???? 
is still trying to figure out the ultimate \point\ " of Twitter " 
will find out starting tomorrow what being a \lad of leisure\ " really means " 
is sitting out on the porch drinking a G&T . Life at the moment is not too bad . 
ok ... time to get ready for rehearsal !! 
is off to doctor , errands , and lunch with a friend . 
is trying to figure out what to do today ... not to be confused with what needs to get done today . 
Am I the only one who's seen the Beaches by Sandals ad to the tune of \Modern < PROPMALE > General \"?" 
is enjoying an amazingly pleasant morning . 
Hmmm ... not so amazingly pleasant any more . Where'd the sun go ?? 
is wondering why everything hurts . 
I have waaaaaaaaaaay too many shoes , even for me . I can't even count them yet . And that doesn't even include the heels . 
That which does not kill us makes us older . 
is off to the Beer Booth at the < PROPMALE > Fair . Happy Fair Day !! 
survived the < PROPMALE > Fair ! A good time was had by all !! 
is finding out that a day-off holiday's not quite the same as it used to be . But he's OK with that . 
Off to the hospital . Not a fun day . 
They said < PROPMALE > is out of surgery and doing OK . More to come . 
Or maybe not just yet ... soon 
Yes , he is in recovery , still not awake yet . 
is home from the hospital and finding updates much easier on the computer than on the cell phone ! < PROPMALE > is in his room and came through the surgery just fine . The doctor says he should be home tomorrow , as planned . I passed along everyone's thoughts and he says ' thank you!' . 
is still trying to catch up on lost sleep from yesterday . Was woken up by one of those crank callers ... something about getting out of a hospital today ... what kind of crazy sick people are there in the world !?!?! 
is slowly resuming the new \normal \"." 
is off to get ready for dinner w/ a friend 
Awesome opening night for \Pounds Off ! \ " ! Only 5 more chances to come see it ! " 
really , really wants to know if we're having fun yet . Well ?? 
Now it's fun at the MINI dealership for LOTS of work on Tolloller ( yes , that's the car's name ! ) 
Tolloller is feeling much better , thank you for not asking . 
needs a neck and shoulder rub after rehearsal tonight . Anyone ? 
gets no neck rub tonight :( 
Today really sucks ! 
sucks , sucks , sucks ! 
' s eyes hurt . 
seems to be awake enough to catch the mouse before it fell off the bed !! 
Today's agenda : no rehearsal , no auditions , no obligations , just dinner with friends . I may even finally join a gym . What could possibly go wrong ? 
OK ... so really , I will go and join the gym tomorrow . Really ! 
Why am I still awake ???? 
OK ... I'm trying this sleep thing again . 
It's going to be a long day . 
has 62 pairs of footwear , not counting specialty performance shoes ( tap , ballet , stillettos , etc . ) . Should I be embarrased by this ? 
is done with auditioning for a while . 
What a miserable day ! Hmmmm , how could it get worse ? 
Naptime ! 
OK ... I'm awake now ! 
has discovered a new skill : watchband sizing . 
is so angry and so sad ! Have to stop reading the stories for a while . 
didn't get a nap today . No wonder he's just a leeeeeeeetle bit cranky ! 
got some sleep . Let's see what the cranky meter will register today ? 
naptime ! 
awake time ( for a little while at least ) 
is off to rehearsal ! 
is home . 
is desperately trying to wake up . Ok , maybe not SO desperately . But he is trying ( after a fashion ) . 
finally got the new glasses ! 
off to the dentist this morning 
Success . Next week , bleaching . 
is hungry . what would be good for lunch ? 
is watching the last of the miners come up . Incredible ! 
is caving ( for the nonce ) to those who were scared by my previous profile pic . 
' s not feeling all that great . 
What a dreary day ! 
is now , finally , a member of a \fitness club\ " . Personal trainer and everything - to start . " 
is wearing purple today to remember the kids who couldn't take any more bullying and to support the kids who are struggling and need our love and support ! 
Everything hurts ! But I must go back ! 
went back ! Everything still hurts ! But maybe a little less ? 
is trying heating pads and massaging thingys ( NO , NOT THAT ! ) to relax his neck and shoulders . 
HURTS ! EVERYTHING ( almost ) HURTS !!! But I accomplished a great deal today with my new toys ! 
Trifecta today !!! Highlights tech rehearsal , then Trial by Jury , and then Yeomen 
is calling the doctor tomorrow :( 
is waiting for the doctor to call back . 
-- might be allergies , might be more . Decongestants and call back Wednesday 
is tormenting himself with relative chronological associations ... such as 30 years ago was senior year of HS :( 
is still not without theater stuff to do today . Auditions early this evening . 
It's < PROPMALE > Binkley Week ! It's < PROPMALE > Binkley Week ! 
is spending a much deserved night off at home ... working on renovation plans ( and budget ) . 
is still working on the reno budget - trying not to get discouraged . 
is off , shortly , to get tiles for the new bathroom . 
wonders how such a small bathroom could require so much tile and that it would cost so much ! 
Is \camping\ " the new code for butch in dating profiles ???? " 
Two great performances yesterday of \The Yeomen of the Guard\ " with RVCO and one more today ( the last one ! ) ! " 
My brain is full . I need to make room for all the new stuff I need to remember . I need to get rid of some stuff . Forgive me if I don't recognize you . 
I have blocking block ! 
Ok , everyone . Let's all clear our throats together . 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... Happy CH annukah !! Did everyone get good stuff on the first night ? Everyone , other than me , of course ... I got a mis-cut countertop :( 
Naptime before getting ready for Trial by Jury in West < PROPMALE > . 
Why am I awake ?????? 
Let's see if I can be productive today . Coming down to the wire ! 
More painting today . Getting closer ! 
How can it be morning if it's dark outside ??? 
Now it's TOO bright ! Off to the other house to hurt my back and neck . 
Gotta love plumbing problems . 
Who wants to help paint ? 
has a new Droid phone . 
Good morning ! 
is awake , after much coffee , and trying to plan out the day until rehearsal . 
Done painting for the day . More tomorrow . 
More painting today . Tomorrow ... floor sanding ! 
House has cable , internet and coffee maker . Three essential steps closer to moving in ! 
Packing ... 
Good morning and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! But only after I pick up the floor sander ! Floor sanding must not be delayed !! 
more packing ! 
Moving Day . Harder than I though it would be . 
Tried some retail therapy . Bought shiny new pots and pans for my shiny new stove . 
I just parked my car in my new garage with my new automatic garage door for the the first time ... way cool !!! Part of moving is good . 
Ah , the joys of being alone on NYE . 
Two bagels for breakfast , < PROPMALE > Original for lunch , Frosted Flakes for dinner . Is it any wonder ...? 
hates being alone and overwhelmed ! 
I'm going to take a nap . Hopefully , life -- or at least the blocking -- will make more sense upon my waking . 
Great rehearsal today ! Thanks to everyone involved 
Is anyone watching Miss < PROPFEMALE > tonight on real TV ? 
