2009 we say goodbye and we hope you die ... Now for 2010 we say let it begin and for all let's make it a win win . 

Can I catch me if I fall ? 
Who would win in a fight to the death ? < PROPFIRST > McDonald or Bozo the Clown ? 
What's with people finding me all of a sudden ? I didn't think most of you would remember who I am ... :P 
If you could ask a monkey one question what would it be ? 
Only one minute to live ..... last few words ? 
what is the current thought in your mind ? and GO ! 
Why do I feel what I am doing is a mistake even though I know it's not ....... 
It's been awhile since I've taken a moment to look up at the stars . Not sure why I don't do it now ....... 
if 1+1 = 2 and 2+2 = 4 what happends to those who don't have a lite brite ? 
my stomach is yelling at me ! 
How is everyone ???? As for me , I am doing well :) 
it's going to be a long day tomorrow 
weeeeeeeeeeeeee 
feels the cold is out to get him .... and the rest of us ... run for cover ! 
Noooooooooooooooo ! F**king Yankees won ! Assholes ! ( screw the Yankees ) ( Jeter can go to hell ) 
slay them all I say !!!!! 
Go Philadelphia !!!! 
I'm eating < PROPFEMALE > and don't know why .... not a big fan of sweets 
I be sleepy 
Cookies are yummy .... I wish I had some cookies ! 
WHO did the WHAT in the WHERE on the day of WHEN and WHY was possible . 
is doing homework ! \GASP \"" 
I jumped , I hopped , I skipped , I tripped , I fell . 
I'ts going to be a long long long long day tomorrow . ugh ! 
ended up staying home sick today :( this sucks ! ( damn allergies ) 
has taken over the world in his own mind ! 
is doing an awesome job of showing the potentials of procrastination ! 
I sat , I crawled , I stood , I walked , I climbed , I fell , I repeat till I got it right . 
If I lost the entire universe , should I let someone know ? 
ugh !!! I want this semester to end alrighty !!! woohoo ! 
Is being at school from 6:40 am to 9:00 pm a bad thing ? (( hm ... I don't know < PROPMALE >!)) hey it was just a question , gosh ! (( yeah yeah .... )) 
I AM SO BOOOOAAAAAARRRRRRRD ! 
If you were a tree and you fell in the < PROPMALE > , would you bitch ? 
ugh .... I want to do something ! Anything ! 
Little Miss Muffet Sat on a tuffet Eating her curds and whey . Along came a spider And sat down beside her , And frightened Miss Muffet away ! Came back with a lighter , anger in her face , Miss Muffet burned that spider before it could pray . Knock on the door a summons was given , that spider will get it's way . 
Wow ..... I never realized how boredom can be so amuzing ! 
I know it's late but oh well .... Happy Turkey Day everyone ! 
If < PROPFIRST > cracked corn and no one cared ... why does he get a song ? I want a song ... about nothing 
I think space and time is speeding up .... it is December already and I don't remember this year .... 
If you count .... 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , etc .... and you manage to get to the end does that mean there is no more or do you make it up so you don't stop ? 
I'm sleepy to the extreme ! Woooooooo ! 
Go Go Mighty Morphen Power Rangers ! 
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! I'm bored 
is amused by the cat's actions at the moment :P 
Now all we need is some thunder and lightning and we are set :D 
Out of all my classes I am taking ... I am going to find it very ironic the only class I might fail is my photography class . 
did a persuasive speech today as to why people should embarrass themselves more often . My excite step was tripping in front of the entire class on purpose :P I just didn't realize how good I was at doing it ... lol 
says the cold is picking on him ! 
If I was a feather and I jumped off a building , would I be screwed ? 
I made time fly once .... That's when it hit me , I will never throw clocks again . 
is hungry , tired , and frustrated .... Was working on photo projects , when everything was lost ... now has to waste time recovering information before I can continue ! 
just got home .... is tired , and is very happy there is NO English class at 7:30 am tomorrow :D 
is very bored and wants something to do .... 
Good Night to the < PROPMALE > Everyone ! 
TRUE or FALSE : In the shower is when you're best ideas come to mind . 
\History is a race between education and catastrophe\ " - H.G. Wells " 
: Once we get to where we want there is always a new path set in our way . The path we choose may not always be where we want to be ; change it . 
: Crawling through a window is not the same as walking through a door , but sometimes taking chances is the name of the game . 
If you fall and all hope feels lost don't give up ! Instead rise like a Phoenix with new thoughts and feelings to get to where you need to go ! 
was attacked by evil flying monkeys . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone .......... 
USELESS FACT : Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying . 
USELESS FACT : The electric chair was invented by a dentist . 
USELESS FACT : It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona . 
USELESS FACT : Bullet proof vests , fire escapes , windshield wipers , and laser printers were all invented by women . 
REALLY USELESS FACT : The earth weighs around 6,588,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons . 
USELESS FACT : A man's beard grows fastest when he anticipates sex . 
There was this one time when that deal happened when that person said that funny line and that other person ran up and did that action and I laughed at both persons for being so yeah and I couldn't stop when there were nothing really going on and then the other and then the um ... deal ... it was so funny . you should have been there . 
from losing my job in February to moving home in May even starting school in August ... I am done !!!!!!! 2010 I welcome you with open arms ... I hope you do the same for me and my frends ! :D 
-\ 
\You owe me . \ " \ 
It smells funny on the bus oO 
USELESS FACT : Odds of being killed by lightening ? 1 in 2million/killed in a car crash ? 1 in 5,000 /killed by falling out of bed ? 1 in 2million/killed in a plane crash ? 1 in 25 million . 
seems to have so much time in the whole world to do what he wants , but no money to do those things . ugh ! 
haha power went out ! :D I love it when it gets dark like that ! 
starts class Tuesday , but why does it have to rain now ... 
Let's go fly a kite Up to the highest height ! Let's go fly a kite and send it soaring Up through the atmosphere Up where the air is clear Oh , let's go fly a kite ! 
OH ! Rubber Ducky Your the one You make bath time Lots of fun ! Rubber Ducky I'm awfully fond of you ! ( bobobodeo ) Rubber Ducky Joy of joy When i squeeze you you make noise Rubber Ducky You're my very best friend its true 
I agree to not agree when disagreeing . 
I'm a boring guy ... what can I say .... except HIGH FIVE 
Lets go Phoenix , Lets go ! :D 
PHOENIX WINS YO ! 
ugh ! 
Getting sleepy ... should sleep ... maybe sleep soon ? 
So ..... how goes it ? 
Who the hell says we need to take one day at a time ? I say screw that and throw as much shit as you want at me so I may freak out on your ass ! 
I am who I am ... I do what I do ... If you can't accept that then I see no reason to speak to you .... I never said I was perfect ... Nor have I ever be en cruel ... Yet at times I'll act like a silly fool just to see you smile ... I don't ask much well maybe a high five or two . 
If I called out to you , would you yell back ? 
If I fell , would I catch me ? 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the FIRST entry for your name under comments . 
Now I get to pretend to be 26 for a year ! 
woot 
I learned how to fly today ... I learned how to dive today ... I learned how to hit the ground really hard for the fact I don't know how to fly or dive today ... 
I need your help : For my Small Business class we need to create a business plan . My idea is to open a Bar ... I'm not going to say what kind , but I need ideas ... something never thought of before and what you want when you come to a bar and that would bring you back . No matter how off the wall it is :D 
I feel we all should fail at failing ! 
ugh .. stupid Facebook chat is picking on us ... it says that people are online then they are not online , yet we still can chat with people ... OUCH ... sorry started thinking 
I wasant dranking offacor my gun was ! 
I remembered to forget by forgetting to remember 
If I don't lie on not lying while misleading the blind , does that make it the truth ? 
cookies are yummy ! Thought you may want to know that ... it's a fact not a myth !!!! 
weeeee ? 
Angry Keyboard : ; erhtifnh ; goaie4hjtlkfdjgkand ; lkgfanlkfujdsalkjv lavfd ; lkjf klj f .... I would say so ? 
yay time to clap our hands to the sound of nothing ? 
* YAWN * 
If it were the end of the world in twelve hours , what if anything would you do ? 
If we as humans exist to not exist then what is the point to exist ? 
How can I lose ? I got it all ! 
I'm bored 
uh ohs ? 
Knowing the unknown makes the unknown no longer fun . 
Sleepy .... and not ready to go back to classes tomorrow :-\\ ~ Yays ? 
< PROPMALE > is bored ... Amuse me ! 
I may be losing my best friend of eight years ... he just doesn't seem the same ... 
HAHAHAHAHA !!!!! 
Giggles !!! 
if I could I would but if I couldn't would I still ? 
AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! <-- Yes only one \!\"" 
Who says I am random ?! I say random is who I am ! wait ..... 
I did what I did and I got what I didn't 
uh-oh ! 
oops I didn't think before I to the action :\\ 
wtf !!! I want KFC so bad right now :( 
SAY WHAT ? HUH ? WHERE ? WHO DID WHAT AND WHERE WAS I ? 
Who wants to take over the world with me ? No application or resume needed !!!! 
Dr. Pepper is yummy ! 
Good night peepslices ! :P 
Waiting for class to start :\\ 
Never thought I would say this , but I just woke up from the stupidest nap :\\ 
nomnomnomnom ... nom ? 
I need everyone's opinion ... I can't see it ... but apparently according to more than one person I apparently look like Mat Bellamy from Muse ..... Agree or Disagree ? and again I can't see it :\\ 
Every time I receive a gold coin ($1 coins ) I just want to see if I can unwrap them for the chocolate inside , but then I would be $1 poorer 
Stupid internet :\\ 
:\\ 
I needed to make an important life decision so I turned to my 8ball . It told me to \Concentrate and ask again\ " it then told me \ " Cannot predict now\ " so it then told me \ " Stop shaking me or I'm going to smack you\ " Then it smacked me " 
I swear I slipped ! 
A funny thing happened today ... I forgot how it goes 
History Channel Rocks !!!!! 
It's going to be a long summer :\\ 
20 years ago if someone told me life gets harder I would have laughed and said fuck that ! Today I say fuck this ! 
O.o I have gained 16lbs ... 
Before you can walk you must be willing to fall . To fall is not to fail but to learn . To learn is to be opened minded to new ideas . New ideas leads to greatness 
¡Quisiera volar a las estrellas con usted y robar las barras de caramelo de niños ! 
LETS GO PHOENIX ... BEAT THOSE SPURS !!!!!! 
Good Evening World ! 
Good morning starshine the Earth says hello ! 
WOOOOOOO SUNS 
HELLS YEAH SUNS WIN 
Just one more game ... The Suns will do it ! 
Phoenix beat the ..... out of those Spurs 
That's how we do it ! 
So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so tired 
THIS IS HILARIOUS !!! If you're brave copy \ 
this in your status & see what people rate you(1 ) crazy ( 2)wish we \ 
went out ( 3)talkative(4 ) sarcastic ( 5)loveable ( 6 ) sexy ( 7)strong ( 8 ) \ 
dumb(9)spoiled ( 10 ) mouthy ( 11)wild ( 12 ) goofy ( 13)funny \ 
( 14)awesomelyawesome ( 15)amazing ( 16 ) beautiful ( 17)cute ( 18 ) drama \ 
queen(19)bestfriend ( 20 ) want to get to know you better ( 21)shoulda \ 
married you when I had the < PROPMALE > 
I need everyone's help here in the Phoenix area ... if you know of anyone who is hiring please please please let me know ... I need work and I will take any suggestions .. email me ... thanks everyone :D 
AWESOME GAME !!!! GO SUNS ! 
Where did it all go ? :^o 
Dream Effects 
YAYNESS ! :D New Futurama shows start Thursday on Comedy Central !!!! :D :D :D :D 
WOOT WOOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! New episodes of Futurama starts less that two hours ( 10pm ) on Comedy Central :D :D :D :D :D :D 
I miss my old life from 2005 
Sometimes I fall too hard to find that I can't get back up as fast as I thought , but I do . 
Driving to California almost to < PROPFEMALE > . It's like Google Earth but real & in 3D ! 
Grandma's bird is worse than a clock , burglar , fire , & car alarm combined . 
At grandma's and felt an earthquake in Los Alamitos . 
\I wasn't able to hold up Branagin's Law but I was able to make it with a hot alien babe ; and in the end isn't that what man dreamt of when he first looked up at the stars ? Kiff I'm asking you a question . \"" 
Heading home and stuck in traffic . Awesome . 
Oh Arizona How I've missed thee ! What the f**k is wrong with me ? 
According to Satan I need to stop giving up other people's souls for things I want . God isn't too thrilled either . oops ! 
The one time I forget to look I .......................... 
Watching Netflix ! 
Loving the lightening thunder and rain ! oh yes ! 
I feel all people in Phoenix needs to go outside and begin Rain Dancing ! Who's with me ? 
Sleeping is overrated in the 21st Century . 
Ugh ! fu**ing cricket ! I can't find it therefore it lives to annoy me . 
Can't sleep ... text me ! :D 
oh Sprite Soda what would I do without thee ? 
Damn it ! Now my mind is racing ! 
I learned how to fly then I remembered to fall . Gravity you win again ! 
Clouds , Dear Clouds , bring us rain this way and we promise we wont push you away . 
I'm drunk and I don't care * smiles * :) 
Well this is going to be short day 
\OH !!! Who will make Bender Waffles just the way he likes them now ?! \"" 
I am so tired of this thing called not working :\\ 
I am the same different person I have always been . 
Watching Netflix and being bored . 
I want your opinion : Should I get a Twitter account ? As of right now I am trying very hard of not getting one but you tell me :P 
If I took the cookie from the cookie jar would you shut up if I shared ? 
What say you ? 
and this is why I make fun of short people . 
The best part of being alive is not being dead . Oh and Folgers in your cup . No wait that is the best part of waking up . 
ATTENTION PHOENIX and other cities no one cares about : EVERYONE NEEDS TO GO OUT AND WASH THEIR CAR TO MAKE IT RAIN . If anything throw water on a < PROPFIRST > looking vehicle . 
I can't take this !!! My body hurts all over ... My head , neck , back , shoulders are the worst ! AAAAAAHHHHHHHH !!!!! 
To coast along in life is like falling off a first story roof with your hands tide behind your back and blindfolded . All you can do is hope you fall into the pool and not clip the edge . 
I think I am going to take a bike ride 
Slingshot ! 
I lost time ... where did it go ? 
Ugh it's hot outside ... How hot is it ? Well it's so hot Satan was bitching . 
Singing in the shower is not as safe as it appears ! 
Wind , Rain , and Lightning , what more can I ask for :D 
Starting class tomorrow ... probably most likely maybe hopefully going to call it an early night .... My computer may be off but my phone is always on ... text me ! :P 
Yay first day of classes and already it's not going as planned but that's okay because I know a secret to destroy the world ! BWAHAHAHA ! 
I was able to get through the first day of class and survive the pit of doom ; though I still haven't found the pit of doom . Anyway YAY ! 
doesn't like when he is unable to sleep . He needs someone to cuddle with . 
Warning ! the man to whom goes by the name Little Midget McNugget < PROPMALE > is on the lose . Don't let the name fool you he is very short and extremely ugly . If you see this man , run do not attempt to eat him as he is not made of McDonald's McNuggets . Also he is fat . Thank you . 
It's so hot outside Satan banged on the door and when I answered it pushed me out of the way and shoved his head into the freezer saying \oh thank god ! \ " Later I found out he ate all my popsicles ! " 
Heading to class . The bus is moving so slow that I have not caught up to my past . 
Having no money sucks . The law should be changed . To get your needs and wants you must give compliments . The more you give the more you get . 
I love coming to school early so I may have time without noise . 
Roses are red violence is bad just knowing I'm an American makes me glad . I'm sorry to say it sucks for you but we love our red white & blue . Standing tall standing proud there is no way in hell we will let it fall . oh wait our economy really does sucks too . 
I want to get a family tree together ... is there anyone on the Hancock side of the family who may have one already going as far back as possible ? 
Life is a confusing but interesting path . 
If I had the < PROPMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > out with myself I would most likely get annoyed and strangle myself . 
I am so tired , bored , and bored . 
Lets see how long I can hold my breath ..... One , Tw ....................... * faints * 
I might be one of the worst conversationalists but I am one of the best listeners ! 
Americans butcher the English language worse than < PROPMALE > Krueger does when he mutilates < PROPFIRST>'s little lamb on Sunday . 
I was looking up dumb laws in the United States and in Chico California detonating a nuclear device within the city limits results in a $500 fine . 
is at home bored bored bored and doesn't want to be so bored ! 
What can I say ? 
is trying to make a tough decision . 
I just woke up from a dream . I dreamt that I was standing in down town Phoenix and seeing people walking around in the afternoon . As I'm walking I see a large mushroom cloud explosion and as the shock wave hit down town I hear a woman's voice saying \help me\ " \ 
I hate having no time and forgetting to get other things done or not getting to do what I want to do :\\ 
Time for the car wash rain dance ! 
Tomato soup and grilled cheese for dinner ! Woohoo ! 
I suppose I missed all the fun with the power going out at school .... 
Ugh ! Technology sucks ! Especially when it involves doing homework online and the system keeps kicking you out ! 
I hate being boring :\\ 
I want ice cream 
Slipping by unnoticed . 
Taking over the world is tougher than it looks . 
I'm so confused :\\ 
at school sitting on the floor waiting for the instructor to come open the door . Man I'm bored . 
< PROPFIRST > Howick is looking for roommates ... The rent is $300 with a $200 deposit . Utilities are split between people . No pets ; No drugs . for more information email her at lindsayhowick@hotmail.com and she will give you more details . 
I'm bored .... someone text me 
I am awesome at remembering to forget but I end up forgetting what I remembered ! 
This weather is awesome ! 
If you don't like this weather then go to hell ;) 
Do not anger the sun god or he will < PROPFEMALE > you ! 
Lightning ! Thunder ! Rain ! What more can I ask for ? 
I was so tired this morning waking up I couldn't figure out what the glowing symbols meant on my clock . 
HAD AN AWESOME DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
\ 
! 
At Toso's having a great time ! 
< PROPMALE > is drunk 
I had a good night , just hope all is well ! 
Police walking around in apartment complex . Police helicopter circling apartment complex . If I didn't know better I would say something is going on . 
I know I will most likely won't be awake at the time but today is 10/10/10 and at at least twice today it will be 10/10/10 @ 10:10:10 am & 10:10:10 pm 
Long week ahead here I come O.o 
I have a secret that isn't a secret but held onto as if it were . 
Hello world how are you ? \ 
Today is the day I have to say this week better go by my way . Snap of my fingers never works but I close my eyes and count to ten maybe a surprise will come out instead . 
Reality is what we make it so make it count ! 
Sleepy time . 
Please help a mad scientist today . Donate a minion . For every two you donate will go toward building three freeze rays . 
I\ 
am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the \ 
United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one \ 
nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew\ 
up reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer \ 
do ... that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns \ 
will re-post this and not care about offending someone 
I go to buy a Coke from the machine to make Rum & Coke and it sells me a Dr. Pepper ... so I decide to make a Rum & Dr. Pepper and honestly it tastes pretty good :) 
I only know what I don't know when it is brought to my attention . 
So much for going to sleep . 
20% of rain today . Higher < PROPMALE > Wednesday . 
Well I just became dizzy and lost my stance . Awesome ! not really . 
Me want rain ! 
Dear Facebook , \ 
I see that you have informed me that Blah Bling commented on Bling Blah's photo even though I don't know Bling Blah and I can care less about who the hell Bling Blah is . So thank you so very much for informing me on sh*t I don't care about . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Who Me 
Sleep you call out to me causing my eyes to fall , my body to relax , and my mind to not wonder . Sleep you have convinced me to submit to you . 
Taking over my world ! 
San < PROPFIRST > Giants vs . Texas Rangers in the 2010 World Series . This is going to be interesting . 
Homework ! What more can I ask for ? really what ? 
http://gizmodo.com/5675347/woman-kills-baby-for-interrupting-farmville-session 
I call this the sling shot ! 
Something doesn't seem right :\\ 
Not feeling well , no hot water till TUESDAY ..... weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! 
My Address\ 
--------------------------- \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hancock\ 
#### West _______ Avenue\ 
Apartment ###\ 
Phoenix , Arizona 85051\ 
United States , North America\ 
Planet 3 , Earth\ 
Milky Way , Galaxy\ 
Unknown , Universe 
I have slayed the evil one ! now I have 7 years bad luck .... stupid mirror . 
Finally I have a printer ! it only cost me $35.00 
Talking to one's self in 410 years and going . \ 
1601 - 1700 - 17th Century - demons / witch\ 
1701 - 1800 - 18th Century - demons / witch / ill in the head\ 
1801 - 1900 - 19th Century - ill in the head\ 
1901 - 2000 - 20th Century - Crazy homeless person . \ 
2001 - 2011 - 21st Century - Crazy homeless person using a bluetooth ? 
If time were money we would spend ( time ) wasting it , making us the poorest country in the world . 
No matter how much I try I just come to see it's not as it seems . 
okay now I'm bored 
I hate how my accounting has its illustrations . I might as well give a crayon to my friends ' two year old and ask her to draw me a diagram . 
oh god ! My mind is hyper ! 
Monday - A \beginning\ " of a new week . \ 
oh yes ! Got a job !!!! 
I'm so exhausted ! I feel as if my energy was drained from me by a um ..... Human energy drainer ? Okay I failed at that one . Anyway , Heading to fill out paperwork . 
Well it's official . I start work this Friday ! =-D 
Time to watch Netflix ; and call it a night ? 
Homework time and first day of work :) 
There is something magical about taking the city bus . no wait , the other thing . 
I have to say that was 12 < PROPMALE > too long of a bike ride :\\ 
I think watching the two year old ( Serenity ) was maybe the easiest job yet ... she slept the whole time =-P 
I think I did all right on my accounting test but found obvious mistakes after leaving . So hopefully I will get at least a \B\ " :) " 
If I didn't know better I would swear I was half zombie .... my hands are cracking , I'm groggy , and I have a weird craving for flesh ; it tastes like chicken .... 
Woohoo ! I got an 86% on my accounting test ! 
When I help someone or give a compliment or something , it means I am being nice , nothing more , nothing less ... How do people always take it the wrong way ? Seriously ?! 
Good night ! 
Help me out peoples ! \ 
There once was an old lady who swallowed a fly , I don't know why when swallowed the fly perhaps she'll die . 
Beware : Please be on the lookout for an evil flying monkey . I have yet to fully tame it ; therefore it is cute and cuddley and must be taunted and poked right away . If it attacks you then you are doing it correctly and must continue to piss it off . Thank you support . 
Damn this accounting crap ! I haven't even started on Math ........ weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! 
So not ready for business law test tomorrow ! 
Business Law exam in about 15 minutes . yay ? 
I hate the cold !!!! but it's just \cold\ " enough that we don't need the heater yet :\\ " 
I'm proud to be a Phoenix Arizona wimp when it comes to 70 * cold weather . 
I see taking the city bus in the early morning not so much riding with strangers but more like with a family because you see the same people yet no one talks to one another . 
I just want to wish everyone a Happy Turkey Day and for those of you a Happy Tofurkey Day ! 
I may have made my drink just a < PROPMALE > too strong . Just a < PROPMALE > . 
Do not argue with oneself as you will lose every time . 
If I were attacked by a kite I would attack back with a badger ! 
I hates the cold ! 
Kings Bay Gold Rum & Coke :) 
I never understood why I feel guilty and/or lost after waking from a nap . 
:\ 
-- \Nervous ? \ " \ 
If I could read minds I would go nuts . I wouldn't want to hear all those thoughts out there . it's bad enough I have live in my own head . 
Cheese nachos sound so good right now ! 
Everyone on the bus has the giggles . Not sure why maybe there's laughing gas . Wait but I'm not giggling or laughing ! My God ! I must not be human ! 
It's funny how \re-posts\ " get around like a virus as everyone is changing their photos to favorite shows/movies and what not . " 
There has been someone on my mind and it sucks because I know I won't say anything :-\\ 
I be bored and bored be me therefore boredomd is bored of me ! 
Lying here at 1:30 am knowing not what to do . Send me a random text . You don't have to say who you are . Just amuse me . 623-332-5926 and if I know who you are +100 points =P 
Facebook you are pissing me off with late or no update notifications ! you really don't want to see my grrr face ! 
Eyes growing heavy ! don't know .... If .... I ... < PROPMALE > ... Can stay ... Awake .... 
I never realized how many people on Facebook uses Skype ! 
Taking over the world in my mind ! 
Had my math exam today and as far as I am concerned I only missed one question ! =) 
Going to take a nap ! You should join me ! =-D 
I may ask the most random questions at the oddest times but that's all they are , just random questions at the oddest times . They're just questions that pop into my mind and I ask whoever is closer or online . Though there are questions I do mean to ask as I have put thought into it . Know the difference or don't . I don't care . :) 
I was walking down the street dragging myself to stay awake , just slumped over , and moaning \stay awake .... stay awake ..... stay awake\ " when out of nowhere this zombie bumps into me and asks \ " what the hell is wrong with you ? \ " and all I could reply is \ " sleepy ...... so sleepy .... sleepy .... ugh ! \ " and he as he walks by he has the nerve to call me the asshole . What a < PROPMALE >!" 
Going to go get food ... yum yum yum ! 
I'm so broke right now my wallet actually cried it's self to sleep last night being so hungry . 
You want to know what best friends do ... they do nothing , they do \ 
everything , they bitch and whine , and sometimes they stab one another in the back , but they are \ 
always there when they need someone the most . 
I'm loving this sunset !!!!! 
Okay meds kicking in there for I must hit the hay aka bed . 
Why do we say time flies by ? I think from now on I will say , \omg the time just drowned away today\ " unless it's a good thing as in getting out of class or work then I will say \ " omg the time just floated by ! \ " \ 
I don't want to work tomorrow .. Have to study and study and study and ... ugh ! 
Going to work ! 
I just got hit on by a gay guy . Compliment or not ? 
Home now ! Yay ! Tired , but awake which sucks ! Yay ! 
Head hurts . Don't feel well . Someone come over and give me a back rub and I'll pay in hugs and high fives . Preferably female =-P 
I don't normally keep updating like this but can't sleep =-( 
I can't sleep =( and I have a final exam in less than six hours =( 
0 Sleep = -3(5 concentration -9 exhausted)\ 
------------------------------------------------------------- \ 
100(-100 finals ) 
Hey Facebook ! Instead of trying to make things \cooler\ " how about you take care of the bugs first ! " 
Who wants to amuse me ? I am getting ready to crash but text me something randomly random ? or not ... either way I'm bored and tired and want to get exams off my mind for now . yay ? yes YAY ! 
My eyes grow heavy and my hands don't want to finish typing yet I continue . Either way it is night so I will say toodles for now and sleep well to all my friends family . 
Time to take my Math & Accounting finals . More nervously nervous than yesterday =-S 
At Chili's treating myself to a drink for finishing finals today ! Wish I was with someone but at the same time I get to flirt with the waitress ! 
Is it just me or are places not playing much or no Christmas music ? I think that's why it doesn't feel like the holidays . Well that and the 80° +weather . 
Well my eyes are at this point too heavy so will say good night :) 
So I ended up buying the new WoW Cataclysm expansion collectors addition which was $80.00 but I got it for $40.00 
Heading to work for a less than two hour meeting . Not my most exciting time . 
YAY ! \ 
Passed all my classes with B's!\ 
Could have been better , but I am happy about it ! 
Bored and sleepy . Borleepy ! 
Dumbest shift I can think of 8pm - 1am . They could have at least had me come in at 4pm . 
Yay it's going to cost me $25 or so for a cab ride home and I'll only probably most likely make $16 tonight . 
I get to work to find my shift has been cut . Yay ? 
I hate when I see my friends/family/coworkers hurt , upset , scared , or even down and if I could I would find a way to make them happy . 
I'm trying to sign up for Spring classes at 2am and it's grrrring me up ! classes I want are taken ! oh and yes I just said grrrring me up 
Not looking forward to today .... Stupid apartments ! Fix that water main break ! 
my head hurts , my legs are sore , and I'm tired . All I have to say is the water better be running otherwise apartment management will not have a pleasant morning . I will see to that . 
WTF !!!!! Here I am thinking it is almost 2am and it's only 11:47 pm !!!! only 11:47 !!! sh** ! 
Going to go lay down now ... yay for me ! 
I am at Chili's listening to people scream and cheer at the Chicago/Minnesota game . So so so so so bored ! 
Oh no the dragon is on the loose again ! I must slay the bills and watch the dragon destroy those who piss me off . Grrr face ! 
What else can go wrong ?! Power is out . May be several hours before they fix it . Leak in ceiling . 
Journal entry hour one : \ 
the power has been out for one hour now and I seem to be holding my sanity quite well unlike the others . The Pink Fluffy clan in the corner is already working against me so I need to act fast before it's too late . I have made a bow out of pizza bites but I ate them for the third time . I don't know how much longer I can hold out . \ 
End entry . 
My mind wanders everywhere and I can never keep up with it . So much runs through my mind but I cannot write it down and no one to hear me no matter how much I try . All I want is to be heard and all I do is listen . 
Sitting in the dark , watching a movie , eating some nice warm soup , drinking some rum & coke , and listening to the rain ! :) 
Sleep is chumps ! 
So I can't sleep and obviously as usual I have to drug myself to knock me out . Almost but not quite there . 
I went out on an adventure to slay midgets . I couldn't find any ; but no worries I'll keep my head high and keep searching ! 
Apparently setting up alarm at 7:30 pm isn't the same as 7:30 am . Who knew ! 
I don't expect anyone to understand this but I'll say it anyway . There are times when I meet someone and talk and what not but while hanging out I get this weird vibe or feeling the person I am talking to does not belong as if they should not even exist . 
Oh 4am how you sneak up on me . There will be no way to get you back . even if I go to bed early you tend to sneak up . 
Someone contacted me this morning I haven't talked to in awhile and it was good to hear from them even though it was an unexpected conversation :P and it never fails when I think about them wondering how they are doing , they contact me within a day or two , every time . 
Well I start back to class tomorrow ... not really looking forward to it but hey it's something to do right ? 
Heading to class ! oO 
I wonder how crap takes that . I mean just the fact everyone makes the comment \I look like crap\ " but no one ever stops to think about how does crap feels on that subject . " 
I can't stand the cold =-o 
Do not anger midgets as they will always be short with you . 
yay heading up to the school ! 
oh god I'm so buzzed right now ! meaning I'm drunk just a < PROPMALE > .. just a < PROPMALE > though 
Mymaricopa dropped me from accounting ! WTF ! >:( 
To mess up my sleeping habits is the greatest feeling ever ! but not like I really sleep anyway . 
2:50 am my mind is ticking away and I need to be up in less than two hours . 
It is going to be one of those days ! oO 
36 hours later and I'm still awake . The longest I've gone without sleep was four days straight and honestly I do not want a repeat of that . Hopefully these meds will kick in tonight unlike last night . 
Trying to take over the world of my mind ! 
Heading to work ! 
yay homework on my birthday ! > < 
\[The fruit of the robots ' labor was this ; the Stapely 1992 Latura]\ " \ 
Feeling very dizzy =\\ 
Good night world of mine ! 
oh homework what would I be doing without thee ? \ 
oh right not homework ! 
Why should I give a sh ** anymore ! really ! 
Not happy with accounting exam =\\ not at all ! 
Taking a nap ! you should join me ! Unless someone wants to kidnap me for the day ! ;) 
Why must someone like yourself have to be so awesome and fun to talk to and yet I can't make a move ! -_- 
Well my right knee is messed up and not sure why . I have to see about signing up for AHCCCS so that I can see a doctor asap . 
yes I think you should text me . 
Please register here to take over the world . 
At school losing my mind ! Someone rescue me ! 
Heading home . So tired 
First off I hate being in pain all the time . Second I am not a fan of sweets but when I get a craving I just want to eat every chocolate chip cookie in site . 
So I found a kitten today and now I'm trying to find a good home for it . Anyone interested let me know . Otherwise I will be taking it to the pound =\\ which I really do not want to do 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? \ 
If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well 
I'm soooooooooo bored ! 
Yay for still being awake ! 
So much for going to bed =\\ 
Where does the time go when you're bored .... by the time something does come up you can to do .... it's already too late and you're just more bored .... 
I want to snap my phone in half ... piece of sh** ! yay ! ( sarcasm ) 
Good night world ! 
Lost within my own mind and no way out . \ 
I hate when my brain gets like this =\\ 
