is going to go take a nap then going w < PROPFEMALE > to look at house she wants to buy then going to cook dinner for < PROPMALE > , an maybe go out tonite w < PROPFEMALE > .. 

is relaxing been running all morning . my man left and i wont see him for about 2mths . im going too miss him so much but i will be working to jobs so at least ill be busy an wont miss him so bad hopefully . 
is excited about starting my new job tonite at the census . i think im going to like my job well ill let you kno tomorrow . 
so tired i have yet to go to bed an i have to be at rite from 8-1 an then go to the census an 4 til 1230 an i need to find my cellphone im jus stressd 
< PROPFEMALE > tired but training is going really well an hopefully i dont have to work at rite aid anymore til my scheduled day saterday cause i need sleep . well at least ill have some money to pay the bills while robs gone im startin to miss him alot cause my friend an i really needed him saterday nite but < PROPFIRST > handled it well . so on that i need to get my cell back i have no communication at my house this sux ass !!!!!!!!!! 
well jus two nites of work left oh an then two days at rite aid oh well i need jus on day off real soon jus to clean house an relax im going non stop an its wearin me out . this lack of sleep or whatever is catchn up real fast .. but it keeps me busy . i miss my man . 
sooooo excited going up to see < PROPMALE > this coming friday !!!!!!! Cant wait to see my man this weekend cant come soon enough . 
sooo excited last nite here then been in the arms of my man tomorrow . its been a month sence ive seen him an thats long enough for me i miss my baby so happy to see him !!!!!!!! 
had a great weekend so wasnt long enough . So didnt want to come back but he should be home soon well gotta get ready for work fun fun . 
Ok lets take a vote you guys help me figure out what to do < PROPMALE > wants me to quit rite aid an i kinda really want too so you tell me yes or no 
So works goin good gave < PROPFIRST > a bath yesterday an hes sleepn w me at nite . I jus hope < PROPMALE > comes home in a few weeks if not hes goin straight to California til after christmas i hope he gets to come home first before they leave for cali fingers crossed . 
ok that explains me from head to toe thats weird . But thats me 
Im so tired i pulld a double yesterday at rite aid but cant complain to much need the money and then i went w < PROPFEMALE > and we saw paranormal activity an that was F***d up but alot better than i had thought . well gotta go an get ready to go back in to rite aid fun fun . 
< PROPFEMALE > tired but got to get ready to go in to work at the census and tlkd to < PROPMALE > last nite the guys may be coming home next week i hope cant wait for him to be home i miss my man alot . He's such a great man couldnt ask for a better man than him . i love him alot .... well time for work days jus run together when you work to jobs no rest but gotta make do .. 
im < PROPFEMALE > tired workin to jobs jus drains me an i dont get alot of time to spend w < PROPFIRST > or my friends sucks but at lest the bills are paid . so hows everyone else doin havent been able to get on here much work work ... fun . 
nasty day cold and wet would love to stay in bed all day but thats wishn for alot have so much to do before i have to go to work not enough time to get it all done 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > hittn the road in 2hrs :) 
Glad to have today off from both jobs today an tomorrow ... Robs in texas for a month suxs ass hes been home for so long i hate the cold bed and lonely house at nite . I miss him < PROPFEMALE > much when he's gone I love him but with all the over time at work a month might go by really fast i hope . 
i < PROPFEMALE > don't like where i'm workn now it suxs ass !!! I'm < PROPFEMALE > tired can't wait to go back to nites .. 
one more day til the weekend can't wait !! 
Im < PROPFEMALE > o depressed and tired all the time and i dont like being by myself my house is < PROPFEMALE > quiet and I hope things start to get better I miss him < PROPFEMALE > much when will the sadness an pain go away ?????? 
So update on my so called life . i have two interviews wensday on at a vets office and panera bread so hopefully they go good and i get a job . To my friends im sorry if i have been a bother but htis whole experience is new for me and someone recently to me i need to be more positive im tryn too . Things seem to get really bad at nite when im home by myself and my thoughts all i do is cry but not as much . 
So had two interviews today and they went really well hopefully i get one of the jobs fingers crossed ... 
going to take my puppy for a walk today and going to take him to the ball park later to run its such a pretty day . 
well such a nice day out im going for a jogg and take my puppy to the park later . 
Happy Easter everyone and now im going for my jogg and take puppy for a walk to the park and let him run for a bit 
well we finally did are workout video last nite and it kicked my butt but the protin shake really helped last nite im like not that sore as i thought i would be so maybe i'll talk her into doin another workout to nite after we walk are butts off ... lol 
well looks like a srrom is comin my way so no walkin to nite so we'll jus have to do are workout video instead and only that but well have to more sence we can't walk in place of it so < PROPFEMALE > get ready to feel the burn tonite ... lol 
Going to take my puppy for a walk and later going to workout with < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Jus chilin at the river with < PROPFEMALE > cant sleep talk about old times maybe head home soon an try to pass out for a bit 
jus got all my bills paid and now im broke i jus love paying bills ..... lol 
Getn ready to go to Mybar with my friend and jus try to have some fun . 
start my job today at 2pm thank god i have a job .. then later goin to chill with my girl < PROPFEMALE > 
Jus hanging out with my girls anagela and < PROPFIRST > 
going to go for a jog and get my mind off things jus been < PROPFEMALE > stressed out lately 
well wish me luck going to talk to my manager at rite aid this may be good or bad let you kno when i get out 
well i still have my job if i want it so im gonna stay with rite aid til i finish school i love my boss and everyone i work with .... 
going to take my puppy for a walk and finish cleaning my house . 
worked ten hours today and not sure what im goin to do tonite 
well going to my friends house for a cookout and to relax then come tomorrow back to work . 
this week has been crazy working no stop off friday finally some down time and then back to work saterday . 
had a bad very stressfull day and tomorrow not looking any better have to go to the dr. not looking forward to that i jus want to hide and forget about evrything well im goin to relax in the shower and go to bed all i want to do anymore is jus sleep . 
Why does everything have to be so hard 
men are stupid if your a man an think im wrong well your stupid !!! 
I've decided im going back to school in the fall , i really dont want to work at rite aid forever yes im sure its goin to be hard but nothing is easy . 
Hop everyone hs a great memorial weekend i get the joy of workn all weekend my next day off is tuesday but at least i get holiday pay thats a plus and a nice pay check as well have a great weekend everyone !!!! 
worked til 3 and i feel dead < PROPFEMALE > tired goin to take my puppy out and for a walk and do the rest of my laundry fun times alround for me ... then back to work tomorrow 
So as if things could not get any worse they have my car died on me so now i have no car i jus love my life cant wait to see whats next i say bring it on baby !!!!!! 
So got my car fixed on monday and put in some apps for a second job on third shift and going to get ready for work and hopefully i get some calls and can get another job to keep me from drowning in all my bills lol 
oooh < PROPFEMALE > dont feel good still have a fever of 101.4 my body aches and my head jus hurts < PROPFEMALE > bad but i did go to work yesterday cant aford to miss and well i have to mow my grass today i cant put it off 
Ok jus took my temp and its 102.2 i dont kno what is worng with me im not gettn sick jus my body aches an when i get up to move around i get dizzy what the F is worng with me its goin on day three of this an i have to work in the morning i will be there no matter what someone tell me whats worng 
< PROPFEMALE>'s haven her baby today on my way to the hospital let everyone kno later how big he is 
< PROPFEMALE > had her baby 1034pm he is 6lbs and 12ozs and 21 inches long hes < PROPFEMALE > cute and man does he have some black hair i have more of an up date tomorrow 
so my temp keeps goin up and down and i feel dehydrated all the time so im goin to go see a doctor and whats wrong with me this has been goin on sence last thursday 
well got released last nite from the hospital and i go to my doctor tomorrow and hopfully all my test are back and find something out jus glad to be home now tho 
well got to go back to work this week and still dont kno what i had hopefully when i go back to the doctor on monday they have all my tests back and some answers would be nice as well ... 
sence comin back to work it really has kickd my butt this week and still dont kno what i had hopefully when i go back to the doctor on monday they have all my tests back and some answers would be nice as well ... 
i hate the heat cant wait for a day off so i can go swimming 
Had an awsome weekend other than i had to work saterday but still a great weekend and cant wait for this one eclispe is this weekend and im so there ..... 
going to see ecliispe tonite cant wait ... 
Im < PROPFEMALE > mad i could scream !!! 
i hate two face backstabers and conivening lying people why do it in the end you will be alone ... 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Repost if you agree ... I just did * 
At work til 10 and im sooo bored ..... 
Went swimming with some friends an now were gettn something to eat love hangin out with friends < PROPFEMALE > nice ... 
i swear i cant wait til next weekend is goin to be a blast something long over due i need this cant wait .... 
Went swiming at my friends house and now were goin to grab a bite to eat and rent some movies an jus chill tonite .... 
had a good day yesterday my mom an her bfriend came down and kno jus relaxn til i have to in to work tonite ... 
been so busy lately with work and gettn everything ready to start school in the fall < PROPFEMALE > excited cant wait til school starts awsome ..... 
for the longest time i never got the sayn people never change but this is what i kno people do change the thing is sometimes you dont like the change but this is what i say change for yourself no onelse and they dont like who cares do it for yourself no one can make you happy but you .... 
well my brother got to montana yesterday so i wont see him for at least 3mths ... 
i feel sick i mean i could vomit but its like i didnt see this comming ... 
like haven a day off from work jus got out of the shower now getting ready to head up to work an get < PROPFEMALE > an go out to eat and to a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > meeting at least ill be out of the house ... 
At work slow nite here til 11pm and then going to macs with the girls cant wait its been awhile sence i went out fun fun !!!!!! 
cant wait til tomorrow nite leaven for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > excited !!!!! 
Fbook 
last nite in < PROPFEMALE > comming home tomorrow glad and said .... 
so whats up fbook fam for me i see the new year < PROPMALE > new start .. and this means for me no looking back the past is the past for a reason and no regrets either everything that has happend in my life so far has taught me something an i wouldnt change a thing the people i have met became friends with an loved the hold a place in my heart an always will .... 
Tonite is < PROPFEMALE > slow at work come on ten o clock time is creepn tonite .... cant wait for tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > excited !!!! 
i dont understand why some people think they can lie to your face i mean hello your gonna get caught an then its even worse jus tell the truth its easier and alot less painful 
cant wait til tomorrow < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > meeting so much fun and then tuesday bunco cant wait for some fun lamo !!!! 
Worken open to close today and work has been non stop crazy today < PROPFEMALE > fun for me tonite < PROPFEMALE > sad dont get to go to bunco tonite defantly goin to the next one an will be at meeting on monday see you guys then ... well back to work long day for me ... 
Laying in bed cant sleep not that tired even tho had a long day at work weird 
Laying in bed cant sleep not that tired tho had a long day at work weird 
Nice being off from work jus running some earns and relaxing and hangout with some friends .... 
Im < PROPFEMALE > tired worken til 4 then have to pick my sis up from work maybe make dinner for the guys an sleep an sleepen in tomorrow dont have to be at work til 4 .... 
Work is < PROPFEMALE > crazy today my boss is so stressed out my stressen out and its < PROPFEMALE > gloomy out i jus want to go back to bed that sounds so good .... 
Im < PROPFEMALE > tired i hate gloomy weather makes want to go back to bed .... 
At work on my day off ... then goin to the store clean the apartment an make dinner for the guys tonite busy day .... 
At work .. goin smooth not to many problems an after goin for a drink with < PROPFEMALE > and then goin to jus relax at my sis aprtment 
I love margeritas 
At work < PROPFEMALE > bored .... 
Hey ladies jus to let you kno i have joined < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
