School starts tomorrow , got to clean house and car ... get books together ... kick brians ass , go see bro(58 staples in head ) and get my baby booty ... what a day ... 

School better be more interested today or else im going to strip naked , put gas on me , light it up and do the hola ... hate borning class days ... 
Wow is down still ... I feel lost and scared ... someone hold me pls : ( 
ITS UP 
log on ... we are filling up raid 
ok ... until when ? that sucks bad though ... i guess i can go to bed early : ( 
Listening to Caliban ... to ease my broken heart ... no more wow is pretty harsh ... 
going to bed ... just got done applying for like a billion and one jobs ... wish me luck : ) 
OH MY GOD ... im going to watch some bleach ... totally miss my anime ... what was wrong with me the last oh ... year ... ha ha ... can i get a what what for bleach ???? 
< PROPFIRST > had his show tonight and I decided to stay home ... wonder how many times hes going to pull his little friend out ... man i probably should have went to make sure he didnt ruin his rep. .. : ) silly asians ... 
I have to give a speech ... I think im going to trip someone in my row so that the mood will be light ... ha ha ... im evil 
I just did 4 < PROPMALE > tonight ... ya i rock : ) 
FOR EVERYONE WANTING ME TO PLAY WOW AGAIN ... As soon as Slithice joins up again ... so will I ... Ha ha ... thought I forgot about you didnt you : ) 
lets see ... class , shopping for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s party , cleaning , study for bio test , class , working out , and then back to the cleaning ... wish I could play wow again : ( 
i epic fail ... 92 out of 120 on biol . test ... no wow for me for a few till i get it back up there : ( 
speech thought ... I think that you should be drugged tested if you are going to apply for aid from the state ... you have to be drug tested in order to work , and they are getting the aid from the state from your taxes ... n e one have n e thoughts on this ??? hit it up pls so I cna get some thoughts on this subject : ) 
Ask a ninja ... psh ... im going to make one and its going to be ask a rogue ... and then my final episode is going to be like nothing can stop a rogue ... oh snap ... hubby stopped paying for it ... im defeated : ( what week am i on now ... 2 weeks ??? ; ( 
one class down ... one day of work down ... off to next class ... then to the gym to work out ... and to end my fun day ... cleaning ... the joys of growing up : ( 
so ... going to work ... going to appointment ... going to work out ... going to clean ... play with baby and do school work ... why does it seem like everyday is just the same day over and over ?????? 
we got a new < PROPFEMALE > for Ethans b-day ... going to be 3 tomorrow ... CRAZY ... as soon as i can figure my phone out im going to put pics up ... crazy cute cat : ) 
Going on a fun filled day with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and my sisssy ... oh and < PROPFIRST > : ( I hope I dont kill him on this ... the day of my sons birthday ... ha ha ; ) but no really ... it should be super good times tonight ... super gooder ... 
hates everyone ... EVERYONE ... and justed wanted you all to know that ; ) Back to cleaning will I plotting ... 
< PROPFIRST > might have gotten a new job ... if so that means the money mommie makes can go to my fat sucking out funds : ) ha ha ... I hate exercising ... 
just got off of work ... going to park will my little angel so i can study for my test tomorrow ... : ) love my life right now 
lets see ... got a sick baby ... have a test wed ... lots of cleaning to do ... house work to catch up on like the cabinets ... and work sometime this week ... BUT < PROPFIRST > GOT A JOB !!!!!!!!! life rocks : ) 
reading all of these posts that peeps put up ... and it makes me sad when I see lonely posts that no one comments on ... SO 
I WILL START DOING BUMPS FOR A DOLLAR PER ... BE KEWL ... GET BUMPED BY < PROPFIRST > MOTHER FUCKING ARMSTRONG ... ( stay away from my market fb peeps ... my money to be made ... not yours : ) ) 
I want to sell < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... highest bidder wins ... starting at a dollar ... 
random post to see if @akos comments ... and off to class also ... : ) 
what in the hell is farmville ??? if you peeps would actually plant those trees instead of sending them to me ... we would have plenty of trees for the whole world : ) 
If your happy and you know it ... beat akos : ) going to count how long it takes before he makes that perverted : ) 
I want a world where silly people are not around , mother-in-laws live in other states , and playing video games pays for my bills ... now that would be sweet : ) 
I feel sick and dont want to go to work ... 
I feel as thought I must put this out there Twilight the movies suck so super bad and the writer is a sell out whore I mean she wants to come out with another book but she wants to do it from Edwards point of view LAZY and she is selling < PROPFEMALE > bars now come on writing is suppose to be from the heart something you feel as though you must do because it has so deeply impacted you I guess she just lost her way : ( 
should be studing for my finals ... and cleaning ... doing good house wifey things ... but all i can think about is just going outside and being blown away into the sky with the wind : ) tell me that would not totally kick ass : ) 
i would like to trade my asian in for somthing alittle more canadian ... something like a < PROPFEMALE > ... akos ... make this happen : ) 
I am done with this semester ... time to catch up on my reading and cleaning ... : ) : ) 
sitting here ... thinking about today ... and just realized that i left work with two tables left and didnt tell the chic who was taking over my section what was up ... god i hope they left a tip for her ... and man i hope i dont get fired ... : ( 
school starts tomorrow ... and my online class shell is still not up and running ... work blows ... my baby smashed his p-nut butter sandwich into the carpet ... house is just destroyed beyond compare ... but at least i have a good book to read till i have to wake up tomorrow and realize all this shit needs to be dealt with ... LIFE IS GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
lets see ... work till 5 , then to get the baby , see sissy for a few , back home to finish the night off with cleaning and homework ... what a life I lead ... I know all the 22 yr olds out there wish they where me : ) : ) 
if only i could make up my mind on what fun thing to do ... laundry or dusting ... hmmm .... 
The Key to Survival , Interpersonal Communication , also know as a book full of crap that cost me 60 freaking bucks ! why pray tell is this required when I can speak well enough ? I mean the biology study guide you had to buy but never once for 150 was horrible , but believe it or not this is even worse , and the topperis I wont get my money back because they are getting new books for this class pity party for me 
Bounce house tonight with my 3 little boys ... cant wait : ) I LOVE BEING A MOMMIE AND AUNT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
got a group project for speech ... can't wait for the day that I have all of these silly classes done and take all the ones that really interest me ... 
I hate this time of the year ... wish this month was just over with ... < PROPFIRST > LETS GO OUT AND GET DRUNK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! translation ... talk about going out but not do it because we cant find clothes that make us hot enough : ) the wild life of a 22 yr old : ) 
I dont want to go to work today ... rather just stay home with my boys and enjoy their company : ( 
ONE SCHOOL PAYMENT DOWN ... ONLY 9 MORE TO GO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
my new phone is kicking my butt ... this is very sad to say since I sell Verizon ... shhh ... dont tell my boss pls : ) 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > website down ... Freaking out because I have a test , journal entry , and survey to complete ... N e one have a clue how to handle this ??? 
I don't want to do anything ... nothing at all ... just sit here and stare at the computer ... nvm this is boring ... off to do chores : ) 
< PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! get on facebook now ... need to throw some thoughts off you ... 
I love my sissy , bubbys , son , mommies , daddies , ashers , asians , and other people I can't think of right now : ) speech is going good , work is going good , and my next goal is to finish my book ... LIFE IS GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is going to flip her fucking lid ... everyone make sure to stay away for a few 
I have red hair !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
What's on your mind ? I WANT TO BITE PEOPLES FACES OFF ... now just how to word that ... Oh I know ... looks at < PROPFIRST > next to me ... umm nummm num sigh ... happy < PROPFIRST > : ) 
I should be asleep ... i would still be asleep if everyone in my family would learn to be quite ... or just how to go potty before bed ... ugh oh wells ... got training at 9 depending on if < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > gets sick or not ... we shall see ... 
Going to bed ... work tomorrow ... fun times ... 
so im working on this diaper party crap ... totally stoked ... until it dawns on me that i really am doing this way to early ... now just need to figure out where to put these diaper cakes for another month ha ha ... 
I can't wait for either all the racist jackoffs to die off ... or just for people to grow up and realize that when it comes to the core stuff ... we are all the same ... 
I have to put it out there ... I have the bestest friend and brother ever ... < PROPMALE > it they both suck so bad and are retardly lame ... but at the same time they let me shine ... ha ha ashers I play ... you know your my women 
I wish my group project was over already ... ugh ... and the work weeks begins again with no car ... life kinda blows right now ... ashers come and get me so we can just blow today off : ) 
my goal for today is simple ... get all the cleaning done ... finish my group project ... do all the laundry ... do the invites for sissy's baby shower ... watch all the < PROPFEMALE > seasons ... and get 8 hours of sleep for work tomorrow ... must get started now ... 
had a great day , < PROPMALE > out with a chic that I totally adore ... shes too much fun : ) and now off to the gym to work off all the food I ate today : ) Can't wait for work tomorrow ... oh wait ... ya I can ... sad face now : ( 
almost off work ... cant wait ... going to go home and do some light cleaning then walk/run the road with my baby boy : ) he ran just about 2 < PROPMALE > with me yesterday ... LOVING the weather right now : ) 
I'm lonely ... someone talk to me ... maybe like ashers ... 
I don't like puzzles ... I hate them ... stop giving me puzzles ... im on my knees ... just get away 
ashers and I are having a who had cuter people in their high school fight right now ... I still say I did : ) sry ashers you went to the ugly people school ; ) 
going to work out ... then home to get ready for work tomorrow ... 
I hate everything right now ... : ( 
< PROPFEMALE > where are you ??? come talk to me : ) 
I cant wait for tomorrow ... going to have a good time while my baby is off having fun with < PROPFEMALE > ... ahh ... : ) 
< PROPFEMALE > and i are going to party like old cave women ... walk through the woods ... get into a little trouble ... oh i hope today is great : ) 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! that is all : ) 
at work bored ... going to read myself silly : ) 
I need to redo my fafsa ... and clean ... and finish my homework for the week ... but right now I have a good book and I'm not going to stress ... yep that sounds like a good plan to me ... just hope my family digs drit ha ha : ) 
Tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > and I are going to go out to the bars and do some singing ... if n e one wants to come with ... message me anytime between now and then : ) we can all meet up and totally act like tards : ) 
Today at work blows ... it is so freaking dead ... but at least I have a good book thanks to a special lady friend : ) The Idiot Girls ' Action-Adventure Club ... putting thoughts in my head about how to act tonight at the bars ... AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!! 
ugh ... heading to work ... 
I want to go to sleep ... that is all ... < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!! this is all of your fault ... now come do my freaking dishes ... i swear ... u can never find good help these days ... 
I want to just scream ... I just had a super busy day at work ... did my homework ... thinking I would be able to come home and relax ... nope ... band practice and food every where in the kitchen ... I just want to bite someone 
as < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and I sit on the kitchen counter eating our meal of champs- taco flavor chips with salsa con queso dip and sweet tea- dont judge me I had work all day and a paper due- he turns to my metal paper towel holder and licks it . I ask what was up with that- and he replies it looked cold mommie and the chips and dip are making my mouth hot : ) love my little one ... his logic is so so wonderfully abstract : ) 
I am so happy and relaxed right now ... I think I can fall asleep and dream sweet dreams ... ??????? ????... 
So happy to be off work ... going to see my lady friend ... and have lots of fun ; ) For now though I need to get my butt going and clean up this house ... 
what is on my mind ... well ... im kinda missing someone ... just barely ... but still ... enough for it to suck ... 
Almost done cleaning ... almost ... then going to veg out infront of the tv so that come tomorrow I will be full of energy for work : ) 
I want someone to go to the gym and work out with me ... n e one interested ??? 
just got off work ... going to go work out ... then home to sleep ... good times : ) 
Lets see ... i guess im just kinda whatever ... a little sad : ( alittle pissy > : / alittle bloated : 0 and alittle happy because no matter what my day might be ... I get to go home to a beautiful little boy and have him hug and kiss all my problems away : )/ILoveMyLittleBoy : ) 
instead of having a kewl night ... im going to work xtra hours and then hit the gym ... fun fun ... 
I love butts and boobs . 
bored at work ... need ot get home so that i can clean and get stuff ready for sissys baby shower ... and do homework since this is my last week ... ugh lose ends suck to tie up when you can barely bend over ... 
I am drunk ... pissy that my brother did not help me with the flowers for the baby shower tomorrow ... and have a kitchen full of freaking dishes to clean up ... family pics in the morning ... hope i look sober by then : / oh wells ... they are all moving away from me n e ways ... it will be a good way for them to remember me ... 
what's on my mind ? I now understand the swan move ... for after drinking and baking ... I am a ballerina ... and Rach and I are freaking sweet at this crap ... oh and ... I want to wisper sweet nothings into your ear ... come here ... : ) 
wishes someone would answer my texts or comments ... pls 
is wondering what it feels like to be three bottles in .. is it this piss ant drunk ??? there can onlyl be one ... or wait ... what ??? im confused ... im a bllerina : ) 
Just got done with sissys baby shower ... pulled it off with a < PROPFEMALE > over ... and did family pictures ... think ill take a nap so I can do it all over again tonight : ) 
Why is it I find myself with hypocrites all around me 
So today our goal was adding people we met at the bar last night ... ya ... we rock ... high five < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!! will post pics later of random people that became our friends ... followed by the list of who we told to FUCK OFF too as the bar closed : ) 
I have to take < PROPFEMALE > to the doctor tomorrow ... shes getting clipped ... but u cant get her knocked up now ... maybe I will do my make up and land me a < PROPMALE > doctor ... ahh ... to dream : ) free scrips forever ... 
we just got back from the doctor ... she made it out alive ... and i feel asleep on a bench outside the waiting room on my purse ... some lady came to wake me up and ask me to move ... it was epic : ) 
As I sit here trying to think of what I am truly feeling ... nothing comes to me ... and it is in that moment that I realize I am currently living in a situation that does not bring me joy or sadness ... it is just like being shrouded in darkness ... It is time for me to awaken so that I can reawaken my relationship with my little < PROPMALE > ... my lighthouse in this cloudy < PROPFEMALE > thing I call life ... 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are going to look at an apartment ... wish us luck : ) 
Please put this on your status if you know , or\ 
are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated \ 
by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the \ 
Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to\ 
bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil empire continues to killinnocent\ 
civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status\ 
for at least one hour ? 
bored at work ... thinking about how i want to just jump into my car and drive all night ... 
hour and half of work still ... DANCE PARTY BY MYSELF !!!!!!!! I think I hear tool calling my name ... if u want a phone right now ... go elsewhere ... its about to get crazy in here : ) 
Doing clothes at laundry mat still can't wait to get home and flop down into bed ... 
I really just can't take it anymore ... all the put downs ... This will be my last goodbye . Farewell loved ones . I'm moving to < PROPFEMALE > . 
hey i deleted all my contacts in my phone ... message me them again pls ... thank you : ) 
Wishing my son would let me use the computer ... Facebook on my phone is not as kewl 
i am making a play list for the gym ... if u know n e good ones let me know ... 
SISSY HAS < PROPFEMALE > TODAY !!!!!!!! YES !!!!!!!!!! I CAN NOT WAIT TO GET TO THE HOSPITAL AND HOLD MY NEW LITTEST BABY !!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE MY FAMILY AND NOW I LOVE U HA HA 
45 Mins to go before < PROPFEMALE > will be here ... too bad im stuck at work : ( 
My computer is broke ... 
I just want to go home ... and eat ... oh man do i want to eat ... 
For some reason as I look out my works window at all the people ... i cant help but feel as though we are not that much more advanced in our ways then mere animals ... and this greatly creeps me out ... : ( 
Why is it growing up no one told u how awesome it is to clean ur house naked ??? I cranked some tunes and got to business today ... half and hour in and lots done before work ... I have high hopes for today : ) ha ha 
Went to the carnival with our little ones ... pushed them in their wagon so they would not tire as they spent my paycheck ... stopped at walmart to get more stuff to spoil them with ... followed by ice cream ... now they are in the tub relaxing while we finish cleaning the crap out of the car ... LOVE IT !!!!!!! 
I can't help but wonder if I was ever sane to begin with ... or if being sane is even worth it ... who knows ... maybe someday I will figure everything out ... until then ... I am happy enough with my upside down views 
Cleaning to Aerosmith ... ya I rock ... fist pump to the sky !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love life right now ... on phone with brians school to see why we have a negative report while at work ... and im hungry ... ahh ... life is so good right now : ) 
I HAVE TO PEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That is all : ) 
Another night out ... another night rocked ... work tomorrow ... if u need me message me on here ... 
For all those shredders out there ... I have 4 words ... Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ... My name is Michaelangelo and I will be the one in the corner of the bar with an orange mask and nunchakus ... COWABUNGA !!! To save yourself buy me a pizza MOFOS !!! 
after years of scribbles ... I think I am going to start coloring in between the lines ... 
4.72 < PROPMALE > ... feeling strong as my son would put it ... I love my life :-) 
Afternoon in the pool ... now off to eat with fam for brie b day ... then home to clean and work out ... loving everything :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > is no longer my friend ... that is all ... 
cribbage is freaking sweet ... can't wait to play again ... I < PROPFEMALE > WITH TOO MANY OLD FARTY PEEPS : ) shall we go to the club ... or play cribbage ... CRIBBAGE PLS : ) 
oh shit ... training in the morning ... and no clue where to go ... DAMN IT I'M ALWAYS BEHIND ... 
off to training ... then home to clean ... and back to work ... not a fun schedule at all : ( 
cleaning till i cant n e more ... then to bed with a new book and fresh sheets : ) 
35 more minutes till I am off work ... I just hope no one comes in last minute wanting help like last night ... MOMMIE NEEDS TO GET OUT OF HERE !!! 
What's on your mind ? FUCK HIM ... i clean ... i cook ... i work more then him ... AND I'M FREAKING HOT ... Next time you see an asian ... kick them in the freaking shins for me !!!!!!!!!!! 
I love vampire academy ... and someday hope to get a molnija < PROPFIRST > tattoos ... if you see me lerking ... dont worry ... its just my Dhampir side coming out : ) TOTAL NERD RIGHT HERE ... 
i need to lose weight ... n e one interested in being my partner : ) http://www.dailymuscle.com/2006/05/12/lets-talk-about-sex-and-calories/ 
I hate it when I read a books back about how the lead chic is this strong and sexy woman ... flip the book over ... and see my grandmother in a nighty ... if it says the chic is hot ... it better be someone worth wild ... because if im pretending to be her for a few hours ... i dont to think about how my grandmother can take her teeth off in dire situations : ) 
My goal for tonight ... go to the bar ... get messed up ... and whip out my cribbage board and go to town ... YA THAT'S RIGHT ... Cribbage rules ... and if you say otherwise ... I just might cry ... or fight u ... who knows ... I'll be loose : ) 
Assfuck Mr Rogers 
Rawr ... this is the new me ... i spit blinding poison at ur eyes ... and eat u ... so buy me a drink pls ... thanks : ) 
If a firefighters business can go up in smoke , and a plumbers business can go down the drain , can a hooker get layed off ? hmmm ... 
going to some show with my bitch ... Quintron and Miss Pussycat ... have no clue what they sound like really ... but shes excited : ) :) better get some free drinks from this shit ha ha ... MEOW !!! 
Dear < PROPFIRST > and Coke , I love you and you love me So why is it you make me want to swear you off then next morning Do you not enjoy it when I walk up to the bar and ask for you I mean all the other girls are afraid Is it not fun when we get going and I take my shirt off and dance around all crazy like Never before have I loved a drink like you but the morning after is killing me Stop it or I'm going to keystone Love me 
Dear < PROPFIRST > and Coke , \ 
As I get ready for our date tonight , I want you to remember one thing , I am a lady . Do not think for a minute getting me all giddy tonight is worth hurt tomorrow . If I wake up with so much as an upset stomach thinking about my actions with you last night , WE ARE THROUGH !!! I know you already heard ... but Keystone and I have a date for next saturday , REMEMBER that boy\ 
Love me once again : ) 
hanging with beca and < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... STOKED !!!! Better get in the shower now though because god knows my butt smells : ) 
Some day I will do things right ... till then I am going to ne just me ... I'm so happy I have < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... 
How on Earth are you ever going to explain in terms of chemistry and physics so impartant a biological phenomenon as first love ? oh ya ... thats my big a right there ... thanks < PROPFIRST > ; ) 
If you like hard music ... you should listen fall to zero ... they are in my friends list ... and totally worth it ... show coming up on the 10th ... rock out with ur cock out : ) 
I just met < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... from < PROPFIRST > danza tapdance extravaganza ... really kewl guy ... now back to my boring job : ( 
I am a complete failure ... to the point its epic ... to deal with this im going to grab my garbage can lid ... my son's foam sword ... some bubble wrap to make a chest piece ... an ice cream bucket for a helmet ... and a pair of nice combat boots ... MEET ME OUTSIDE IF YOU DARE ... NEED TO GET SOME AGGRESSION OUT !!! 
Know what I miss ... going out to eat with my dad while he tried to pick up women around my age ... drinking hot tea with a whole lemon and enough < PROPFEMALE > to keep you regulated for a month straight ... oh ... and french onion soup from flying j's ... good memories for sure ... 
Can't wait for Tuesday ... MAYHEM is going to rock ... well sort of ... wish < PROPFEMALE > would come with me ... : ( 
mofo better get here today ... I WANT MY 150 dollar sale today ... other than that just bored at work ... someone come keep me busy : ) 
Less then an hour at work left ... then to pick up my little boy ... grab some food ... probably the chinese place he loves to go to ... he is determined to eat all the chicken before they can refill it : ) ... to see that silly despicable me movie ... finishing off with hugs , kisses , and ice cream ... LOVE MY BABY !!! HE IS GOING TO BE 4 SOON ... WHERE DID THE TIME GO ??? 
got lots of cleaning to do ... have to shave my legs and get stuff ready for show tomorrow ... hope < PROPFEMALE > got that job so her family will be taken care of : ) and other than that I'm whatever ... whoo hooo ... /hates mornings 
2 tickets to mayhem tomorrow for 30 bucks let me know if u want them 
doing cleaning chores at work ... then home to do more cleaning chores ... WHOO HOO !!! I need a moment to prepare myself for all the awesome in my future ... 
super bored at work ... just got done reading my book ... oh wells ... only an hour left before I kick my shoes off so to say : ) 
I did good today ... good enough at least : ) 
Old schooling it here ... FINAL FANTASY 7 ... FUCK YA !!! Going to relive days of old ... I'll be in my basement with a bag of doritos and hot sodas !!! 
Someone talk to me ... I'm super board ... k thanks : ) 
Work week starts over ... ugh ... 
I dream about getting on facebook and going on a delete craze it would be one filled with wild laughter as I delete people who once made rude comments or didn't laugh at my jokes but then I wake up and realize if I did that then I would have like 2 friends and that wil not do so I am going to keep you all so that I can mock your posts and give out pitty \likes\ " screw you facebook you make me crazier then I already am " 
Getting ready to go to work : ( 
work tomorrow ... then sunday to swim all day ... six flags monday ... and then back to stupid work ... 
Megaman for the win ... fuck ya ... love work when I have my sons gameboy advance to mess around with : ) here I come you nebula jerks : ) : ) 
Just played megaman like forever today at work ... SCORE !!! Can't wait to do it again tomorrow ... Getting trashed with my gurly friend one last time ... EVERYONE COME OUT AND HAVE FUN WITH YOU ... YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE ... 
Ihop ... fuck ya here I come 
Megaman ... together we are unstoppable ... now lets get Colonel and go find dad ... : ) : ) 
tomorrow ... is 2 years ... going to six flags with the family ... SCREAMNG EAGLE ; ) 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ... 23 ... Going to take a few to get use to this number : ) 
Super board at work ... think I am going to crawl up in the back and go to sleep : ) 
2 1/2 more hours of work ... then to eat with the family ... cleaning and work in the morning ... that is all : ) 
This will be interesting ....... Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are ...... Leave one word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall , so I can leave a word about u ... 
Goddamn droids and how slow it is to fill customer orders ... how can i make a living if i dont have the phones to sale ??? 
Cleaning all day tomorrow ... my one day off this week ... in the last 9 days ... and I get to spend it by cleaning ... score ... my life rules ... If your pissy that life seems to be the only one to bend me over and royally screw me ... let me know and maybe we can work something out ... like you could come up and kick me in the shins or something : ) 
six flags in the morning !!! : ) : ) 
six flags was a complete success ... fuck ya !!! 
... if you are feeling like me then you know that today just sucks bad ... so fill it in however you want ... because I don't even know what I am thinking right now ... 
bio mom passed out on back porch with a vodka bottle in her hands ... hubby with hyper extended fingers who couldn't help me bring her inside ... baby that did not want to sleep till 1 a.m that kept looking outside going why is < PROPFEMALE > sleeping with the dog ... and a dirty house to clean up tomorrow on my day off ... oh ya ... your super envious of me and my kick ass life ... 
work is super slow ... nothing better to do then stalk some peeps pages ... prepare to feel violated : ) : ) 
Tropical Sno ... I just want to let you know that I love you ... At nights when I think about how im such a cold hearted wonder ... I dream about you coming up to me and dousing me in your syrup ... how much fun it would be as we explored the greens ... purples ... reds ... and then went crazy and tried some yellows ... Oh my Tropical Sno ... I want to make babies ... and then eat them ... : ) : ) 
cant find my freaking phone ... and my husband is missing ... god help him when i do find it is all i have to say ... god help him ... I'M GOING TO SHRED HIM TO PIECES THEN DANCE ON THE PILE THAT HE WILL BE ... FOLLOWED BY PUNCH AND COOKIES IN THE FRONT YARD FOR N E ONE WANTING TO PAY THEIR RESPECTS ... thank you and good night 
Working like crazy ... just call me the old fashion work horse ... : ( : ( 
... I really wish I was a goldfish so that every few seconds would be the start of a whole new adventure ... EPIC !!! good thing they don't get far out of the bowl when they jump ... jump up ... wee ... come down ... WHY AM I IN THE AIR !!! ha ha ... goldfish 
I am pretty sure I just got myself involved in more than I can handle and need somewhere to hide , n e one want to take me in ? I have no skills , dont do windows , and I will make you walk halfway across the house to get a beer even if I am sitting in front of the fridge with the doors cooling off just txt me if you want me , p.s. I am house broken except if you plan on getting me all excited you better have a mop ready 
8 hour shift by myelf is almost over ... only saw 3 customers ... but i stalked alot of facebooks ... im going to consider it over all a complete success ... 
Need to know ... is a dsi lite a good b day gift for a 4 year old ??? we had a gameboy advance that he loved ... 
Training again today ... ugh ... but at least < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and I get to roll around again !!! Even if I have to suffer for another 6 hours my son and I will have fun 
I refuse to associate with zombies ... get with the picture ... vampires are way kewler ... this post was brought to you by a bored little sales associate for Verizon ... to no longer see posts by this person ... get off your butt ... and come into my store and buy a phone ... oh ya ... I just vented and promoted my business ... TOP THAT < PROPMALE > NYE THE SCIENCE GUY !!! 
LA LA LA ... another slow day at work ... my schedule is all kinds of wacked up ... get to work 8 days in a row ... only 3 more days till my one day off ... 
ok ... off work ... see you guys tomorrow when I log on at work again ... LOVE MY JOB !!! 
work till 8 ... BUT TOMORROW IS A SPEND IT ALL DAY !!! Even though its for my baby boys birthday presents I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO IT !!! 
I just read a bunch of posts ... u all should be ashamed ... u just made my brain cells commit suicide ... 
just got home from < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s birthday party ... EPIC WIN FOR TEAM PARENTS !!! I don't think we could have done better ha ha : ) Thanks everyone that came out ... loves you all : ) : ) 
work is super slow ... can't wait for sunday ... FOOTBALL !!! 
I want to go to bed ... end of story ... little less than an hour of work left and then to pick up my baby ... grab the hubby up ... and a glass of wine and early bed for me : ) : ) 
I miss my goat ... he use to like me to rub his head between his horns ... I MISS THE COUNTRY !!! The end 
Can't wait for this day to get over ... come on saturday ... 
I like to get into ur head and rearrange ur furniture and smell ur socks ... what can I say ... I just love u ... 
Somedays I hate phones ... I wish it would all be as fast as I am ... 
SO ... WONDERING WHERE MY HUSBAND US ONCE AGAIN ... for some reason I thought I married someone 6 years my senior ... not 6 years my < PROPMALE > ... my bad ... 
5 < PROPFEMALE > is going to be the death of me ... Hello this is < PROPFIRST > ... COME GET A PHONE NOW FROM ME OR ELSE IM HOLDING YOUR DOG HOSTAGE !!! sounds good right ??? ha ha 
only 2808 weeks more of work till i can retire ... give or take a few ... Whoo hoo ... 
I love fresh tea with < PROPFEMALE > in it , going to read yet another random book and dream about being someone someday , greatest gift is being able to let go of reality 
Need to get out tonight ... who wants a tag along ... message me or text ... or call ... smoke signal ... drive by shooting ... n e thing to give me the what's up ... 
just a few more hours of work ... can't wait to get out of here ... i miss my boys and i have lots to do to get ready for the coming weeks ... so to prepare i am going to start a book reading fest ... get a few bottles of wine ... curl up on the bed ... and mentally block all the other things in my life ... SCORE !!! 
Going to pack up tonight so tomorrow I can get in the car and drive somewhere randomly to spend my thanksgiving ... I know it sounds wrong ... but I HATE THANKSGIVING !!! I love everyone in my life ... but I also love my sanity ... 2 books , a few cds , a pack of cigs ... I can't wait for alone time tomorrow : ) : ) 
going to see tangled 3d with the family ... kinda stoked : ) : ) I think it is time to offically call myself a mom is my highlight for a saturday is going to see a movie with my little ones ha ha 
posts are like buttholes ... everyone has them and they all stink ... ha ha ... but mine ... FOR I AM THE CHAMPION OF THE POST <..> Rawr !!! 
So I just sold a new phone ... with a bad sd card ... call into my tech team and guess what they tell me ... call sandisk ... go to do that ... oh they only work monday through friday ... WHAT THE CRAP !!! If I sell an item to a customer I stand behind it ... THANKS MOTOROLA FOR GIVING ME NO HELP !!! 
who wants to go to the city museum with me ... message me 
Almost done cleaning ... Eating with family in the morn ... work for 10-5 ... then home to go to bed early for XMAS MORN !!! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > got everything he wanted and more ... he was so happy he started hugging and kissing his gifts what a great way to thank him for blessing my ever day 
doing laundry ... finish cleaning the kitchen ... fixing the bathroom door ... then on to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s scooter ... SUPER MOM TO THE FREAKING RESCUE !!! 
Car shopping 
so ... haven't seen you in a while ... that thing clear up yet ??? 
looking for n e one who wants to go down some hills with me and a bunch of boys ... text me ... i never respond to fb posts ... 
I swear some people ... to be a mother is to be selfless ... give to them and don't think about yourself ... 
so i wake up to find out we have no work ... kinda kewl ... until i realize all i can do is sit in this house and clean ... ugh ... wish i was at work ... making beef stew and fried apples ... might even make homemade ice cream ... 
I'm going to be surrounded by boys tonight ... 6 at least ... when I was younger I dreamed about that happening to me ... where I would be the center of attention ... too bad these boys only want me around when they need me to cook for them or clean ... or in the case of the littlest ones wipe their butts ... so filled jipped ... oh well 
