Wondering if he should cut his hair .. And I mean like a buzz cut . lol 

Almost done with his Summer assignment . ;) * sigh * Summer went by fast , but slow at the same time . lol 
I don't think I'll ever get a real 8 hour sleep again with History/Thought .. 
I can't wait for the Speech session to start ! Aw , man .. I miss going to the tournaments w/ my friends . :) 
Don't let me do an announcement for the next few weeks .. lol 
I have too much work to do tomorrow .. I don't even know why I'm up .. Guess I'm just thinking about life and all . 
I'm sleepy , my eyes are blurring in and out as I look at the screen . But I have so much work to do still .. Ugh . 
Haha , ready for throwback day !! lol 
Spirit week was cool beans cept for the game , tired now though . lol Serving pancakes tomorrow for community service and finna get my hair cut . lmao Going to dance the night away tmrw .. 
I got my haaair cut !! Homecoming here I come lol 
Baack to life , back to reality . lol 
It's time for a long deserved sleeep . 
Ooooh ahhh oh ~ Morning kids . lol AHHH !! Life . :) 
Say a little prayer for you .. FOREVER FOREVER you'll stay in my heart . lol 
Wants to go to the 80s , push it with Salt ' n Pepa , rock out with < PROPFEMALE > , and thriller with MJ . haha 
Feeling blah , time to sleep ! G'night crumb bums . 
Uggh , off to work on History and Thought .. Comin ' through the rye . 
Baby girl , turn me on with your electric feel . Ooooh ~ Ahh life . 
Ahhh , love is all , love is you . Love is old , love is new . Mmmm .. It blows my mind , life . 
Watching Titanic for the first time .. I hope no ones diies !! 
Peace will guide the planets , and love will steer the stars . Age of Aquarius .. 
No more falsehoods or derisions , < PROPFEMALE > living dreams of visions , and the mind's true liberation . 
So tired .. Not done with the Iliad just yet ! 
The smell of rubbing alchohal is starting to make me want to throw up .. 
time to sleep .. haha bust out the warm milk ! lmao 
Deciding if I want to do my crumby paper for old Mrs. April . I mean it's not that I don't want to do it , but you have to be in the mood for that kind of stuff . So I'm thinking of giving old < PROPFEMALE > a buzz and shoot the crap with her . Boy , do we have fun . I mean not getting sexy and all , but like talking like we do and all . Maybe she's in the mood for checkers or canasta . She kills me ! 
I really don't feel like doing anything lately .. Ahhh , dammit . lol Can't we get a break ? 
Ahhhh .. I love bowling now . lol 
Trick -or-treaters out now ! Ahhhhh , hide !! 
RHPS at midnight !! Time to eat and chillax . 
Sometimes , the best thing to do is to stop caring . 
It's going to be a very long night .. 
So , after I'm finished with all this work I can .. finish my other work . * sigh * So much for a day-off !! 
My friend < PROPFEMALE > Rodriguez opened my eyes to more Women oppressionment . Type in \Women should\ " in the bar and see what is suggested .. Bogus ! " 
Let's do it nice and roough .. lol Big wheels keep on turning ..? Come on lol Up do do do do ~ HAHA . :) 
First Speech Tournament for the season starts tomorrow !!! ~ < PROPFEMALE > excited lol CANCER . 
Gonna watch Across the Universe , loooove the Beatles .. Yeaaah , you've got that something . I think you'll understand ;) 
An Asian's worst nightmare : Running out of rice ! :'( 
Smile tho ' your heart is aching , smile even though it's breaking , when there are clouds in the sky- You'll get by , if you smile through your fear and sorrow , smile and maybe tomorrow you'll see the sun come shining through- For you .. 
Can't wait to get tomorrow over with ! Then another two weeks and ... damn . lol 
Embracing the weekend , ahhhh .. Been waiting for some relaxation time . lol Time to get intune with myself and become at peace with the world .. Or atleast try . :) 
Ahhh ! Today was decent , excited for tomorrow yo . :) Gonna have it \cracking\ " in Ms. April's class .. Peace my soul brothers/sisters out there . lol " 
HTWM will be veeery interesting tomorrow lol hopefully it'll go alright , g'luck to everyone ! :P Tired now .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! :) You may all give me my presents now . lol jk 
I won't forget tonight , ( 02/02/10 ) our night . Haha , I guess I just needed a little push , but know it was all in good time . :) \And here we are in Heaven . For you are mine at last . \ " ~ Etta < PROPFIRST > . Thank God .. I can't stop smiling . " 
Yesterday ( 02/05/10 ) just another day in the life ! :) You make me feel alive , ive , ive .. 
I guess it's time to start this research paper .. Hopefully I won't procrastinate ? lol , Prolly will . 
Imagine me free .. Thank you Snowball for having me . :) 
I feel CRAZY ! In a good way lol Awesome weekend , I loove my friends so much :) 
Gonna start my homework ! lol Yay , all-nighter .. Who'll join me ?! YEAH . Thank you , God :') 
Each day I see your smile , it means the world to me . But I haven't been the one to make you smile . And I just feel like all I can do for you now is make you cry . You don't have to speak to me anymore if you don't want to .. But know that if you need me , I'm still going to be here for you . I thank God that he sent you to me , that you loved someone like me . I will always love you , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Idk , I started my homework break like 4 hours ago . I think it's time to get back to work lol .. Another all-nighter ? I hope I can stay awake that long . 
Now , if I can find my charger everything would be peachy ! I even lost my USB for my phone . smh Oh well , guess that's another less distraction . lol 
Just a few more weeks , ready to get this day over with .. 
Well , I'm not sure what I exactly accomplished today , but it felt like a good day so it doesn't matter . :) Time to hit the couch lol Cuz sleeping on beds was so last year . 
Woke up in the morning feeling like JAAAAAYMAR , gonna fail this < PROPMALE > Rec ! Maybe if I wear my t-shirt .. D ? Yes . 
Happy birthday to Donesha-lovinlife Lipsey , < PROPFIRST > Jones , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! :) You guys are awesome lol 
Time to breathe and chillax .. It's been a looong , long time coming . Summer 2010 ! :) 
But you guys are honors ! 
My water just broke . 
Blackhawks win !! 
Prenez < PROPFEMALE > moment et pensez à la manière la plus compatissante pour traiter votre problème ; Piense en el m < PROPFEMALE > do , porque no existe mucho amor en lo ; Ang lay < PROPFEMALE > in ay hindi upang mabuhay magpakailanman , ang lay < PROPFEMALE > in ay upang gumawa ng isang bagay na ; Pax Jaymar . 
You can't grow as a person when you have walls built around you . 
Life is lucky that I'm a naive , optimist or else I would have given up a long time ago . 
Oh god .. Tornado warning !! 
Rain , rain go away come again some other season . 
Welcome to the month of July . 
Hello California , bye Illinois .. I will never forget you guys . ): Peace , my friends .. 
Almost the weekend ! 
AH ! I love how it's 5:36 pm here .. Suck it CST . lol 
All-nighters are so much fun . lolol Not . :| 
Tell me why am I listening to a rap song in French ? lol I really don't know anymore . 
Getting married today :) 
Aw crap , I missed the Study Session .. :| 
I guess I'll ride my bicycle , a la < PROPFEMALE > . 
Everyone's getting sick now-a-days .. No where is safe . lol 
I like how it SAYS there's no homework for Friday on Schoolloop . We'll just have to see about that .. 
Time to get some work done . 
I'm feeling a random coming on .. 
I wonder if I can read 8 chapters of the < PROPFEMALE > Letter before I sleep . Hmm .. 
Gonna be a long night . 
Working on my future ! 
Put this on your\ 
status if you know and love someone who is gay . My wish for the world\ 
is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a\ 
choice . People who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance\ 
and equal rights . Promote love and acceptance , not hate . 
Awkward moments , I love you sooo much .. 
I'm actually excited to go to Spanish class today .. Wow . 
Renée Schwartz C : 
\Estoy mojado ! \ " \ " Eso es que < PROPFEMALE > dijo . \ " lol " 
I don't understand why stuff comes up when I have work to do .. I mean really ? lbs 
Long-term plans are fun . 
Too tired to work .. Must sleep .. must .. zzzz 
I don't understand why people want me to grow out my hair .. Long hair is ew : I 
Renée Schwartz , I am < PROPMALE > . I eat belts ! 
Can't believe I'm missing Snowball II .. :/ This weekend sucks . 
Getting all this work done before my 4 day weekend :P Yay , AP Engrish 
There are some things that should never be Googled . 
It's really hard to procrastinate when there's nothing to do . :| 
Dumbledore is so thirsty in the 6th movie . 
Just listened to some Chopin , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! He sucks : I lol jk 
< PROPFEMALE > Thanksgiving ya'll! Give some thanks . 
Going home with three packed bags on my back .. on my bike . Wish me luck ! :D 
I'd like a convenient Internet source for Christmas please . 
Won't be on for a while , so < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS :) G'day loves . 
School tomorrow .. Yay . 
Last day of finals ! AHH :) Can't wait for this weekend . 
Sitting here , listening to Spanish love ballads . POR QUE ? No se , mi amigo .. Las canciones es muy < PROPFEMALE > y no tengo algo que es mejor hacer . lol Estoy aburrido . 
I HAVE INTERNET !! :) Ahh .. It's been too long . lol 
Time to hit the haystacks . 
Life is good stuff . 
I guess I'll sleep .. what a night :) 
I'm all sorts of inspired right now . 
Going to be hitting the snooze tomorrow ! Ahh , so tired . 
Anyone know any good duets ? My friend wants to sing one with me . lol 
I hate the time-difference .. Makes communication harder . 
If there wasn't any homework due today , I think it would be a pretty great day . 
I'm off to see the Wizard ! The wonderful Wizard of Oz . 
A good ol ' < PROPMALE > song always does the trick .. 
Mount your < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , light your < PROPFEMALE > Evans !! I'll just listen to things songs until I go crazy .. lol 
Bed time , round 2 . 
Watching this American Idol .. 
I'm horrible at trying to stay awake .. lol I give up ! Sleep time . 
I'm asleep . 
I had the craziest dream last night , about a boy who was turned into a swa .. I mean sandwich . But his friend falls for the wrong boy and he kills himself . 
Time to find my bed again .. 
I MISS SNOWDAYS ! 
First time watching the Super Bowl .. I wonder who I should be rooting for lol 
Congratulations Packers ! Now , it's time for my Glee . 
LOL I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > . 
Home from the start of Hell Week ! Now , time to do homework .. Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
I give up trying to do homework this week .. It's too late , I'm so tired . 
Tonight we'll kill the Beast ! 
Singing in the bathroom is not awkward . 
I told myself I wouldn't go on Facebook today .. But here I am . lol 
Love me tender , love me true . All my dreams fulfilled .. For my darling I love you , and I always will . <3 
I'm packing up to move .. Changing schools again . 
I'll miss Beauty and the Beast !! I had so much fun doing this production and the show was just amazing ! The cast party yesterday was pretty .. interesting lol I've already moved into the new place and I have to say that I miss < PROPMALE > Mar already . You guys can never be replaced .. I'll definitely be visiting in the near future ! <3 
\You have changed schools within the last six months . Facebook does not allow frequent high school changing . You will not be able to change schools at this time . \ " \ 
Tomorrow , I plan to get an amazing sleep .. Bragatheesh Suresh , you should too ! 
Seeing all of those Snowball statuses makes me want to go back and do it all again .. Those were the days :) 
I dislike the amount of clutter in my room .. Most of which does not belong to me . 
If someone sang to me , I would melt . :) 
Is it really raining again ? This needs to stop . 
me <3 sleep 
Grapes of Wrath . 
I hate when I set my hopes so high .. 
I know how fast the internet moves when I see one of my friends from California post the same link as another one of my old friends in the Illinois . lol 
Singing to pass the time . 
I want to make sweet music with you .. 
I don't think the cough drop works if you swallow it .. 
Getting to know this < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > guy more . :) 
Made an epic video for APUSH with < PROPFEMALE > Dor and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . :) Can't wait till Monday !! 
Any plans I had today failed .. :/ 
