Just got a facebook ... somebody hit me up 

Just got home from school and i hav so much 2 do ! 
Looks like we're finally going to school tommorrow ... it was fun while it lasted 
well now that the formal stuff is out of the way its time for AMTC 
tired ... gotta finish this work than i'm crashin ... yup 
back from auditions ... Now its up to GOD . 
YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I MADE IT ! THANK GOD ! 
Oscars baby !... one day ill WIN one :) 
< PROPFEMALE > won an < PROPFIRST > ! you go girl 
I love the oscars 
so much work ... tryin to finish this Genetics project but its killin me 
one more day ... then its the weekend :) 
im so relieved i got all my makeup work done !!! another audition at the mall ... text me 
well that was fun ! cant wait to ball tommorrow . if anyone wants to come were goin at around 1:00 
Tired ... bed ... night 
gotta make money so i can go to florida ... anyone got a job they need done ? 
Work 11:00 to 5:00 ... uhh 
man this time change got me spaced out ... might hit the hay early ..... nah 
Rush hour 3 is a great movie ! 
Been out and about all day , got shoppin done , got my hair done , now im so fly fly as i can be ! 
Northern Iowa beat Kansas ... wtf ...... GO VOLS ! 
Bout to eat then do some cleanin ... TxT 
so tired ... bout to take a nap . well deserved rest for a man who finished two essays in one night ! im gonna make a conscious effort to increase my sleep time from 3 and a half hours night to at least 7 . 25 days till PROM ? ive been pretty much anti social today ... yeah and good old mrs. Aslinger just keeps on piling work on me like its my only class ... even though it is :) im going to sleep now ....... 
slept way too late today , it was worth it though ! SPRING BREAKS been great so far . got lots of things planned to make it even better ! 
FINALLY off work . that was the most grueling task ive had to endure in quite some time ... but my day is only going to get better from here :) 
Went to da movies with a great person ........... Why did I get married too ........ it was fun . Everyone should go see dat movie to cause if i say its good , then its good , so go see it ... yup . Txt night . 
Got a lot on my mind but im happy right now ... bout to go walk my dog < PROPMALE > , the best dog ever , TxT ! 
Yeah ! Go Duke !!! I called it !!!!! 
Chillin wit my boy < PROPFIRST > !! 
Back from my trip to Pigeon Forge .. i think thats how u spell it ? lol ... Got swagged out and had tons of fun ! kinda tired right now but it wont last long ... Txt , no ya want to :) 
I feel like my head is spinning sometimes ... so busy I forget I'm only 18 !..... but that's just how I like it ... lol 
bout to be ballin !!!!! tommorrow . wish me luck , wait i dont need it ! 
Teachers got us today but its straight ... I was ballin do lol ... GO SENIORS !!!!!! 
Tired ... Today was fun though , got to do what i love to do . work in the mornin ..... yeah 
One and a half hours left ... I CAN MAKE IT !!! 
IM OFF !...... time da grub . =) 
STARTIN DA COUNTDOWN . EXACTLY ONE WEEK TILL PROM ! 
At work wishing somethin interestin would happen ... On a more positive note though , SIX MORE DAYS TILL PROM . Three and a half more hours till I get off :( 
Today was a drag ... the mock crash was intense though , great acting job on their part . I'll definitely stay safe on that night ! 
Just got thoroughly entertained by the hixson high school theater program . Great job y'all . PROM IN 2 DAYS !!! 
ONE MORE DAY TILL PROM !!!!!!! I'm so ready . Me and my date are gon be SO FLY =] 
I Dont even . Care about da rain , PROM is only a few hours away ! I'm so crunk I can't stand it .... YEAH =] 
PROM was great as expected ! Class of 2010 we did it BIG !!! 
FINISHED MY CAPSTONE ... YES !... NOW OFF TO BED ! 
< PROPMALE > Brown , \Imma luv u right\ " ..... Dang " 
L to da O , V to da E , K to da I , N to da G , i dont know ...... but all im tryin da say is u should know me like that(DREAM ) got to perform today , it was great ! now im chillin :) 
YOUR MAN SAID GET MY MONEY UP , GET MY MONEY UP , SO I , WENT AND GOT MY MONEY UP , AND NOW I GOT THIS MONEY UP ! GOIN TO DA SOCCER GAME , GO HIXSON 
LOOK TO GOD WHEN U NEED GUIDANCE , HE WILL SHOW THE WAY . 
COULDNT WAIT FOR MY GOOD FRIEND DA WEEKEND TO COME AND VISIT ME , WE GONNA HAVE A GOOD TIME ! (CHILLIN WIT < PROPFIRST > LATER ) I ACTUALLY DONT WORK TOMMOROW SO I GOTTA FIND SOMETHIN TO GET INTO ! GO SENIORS !!! 
BACK FROM HANGIN ... TIRED . PIZZA TIME !!! 
< PROPMALE > VS . BOSTON AT 8:00 .... ALL DA TRUE CAVS FANS TUNE IN . IM SO PUMPED AND I AINT EVEN PLAYIN !!! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > IS IN DA BUILDIN !!!! BOSTON YALL HAD A GOOD RUN ........ BUT ITS OVA . OVA !!! 
Lebron won MVP . Lebron will get his first ring . Lebron is the best if you ask me . One more week of high school . Can't believe it . NEW YORK IM COMIN SOON ! 
DIDNT GET TO STAY AT SCHOOL AND IM THINKIN , THATS ONE MORE DAY I COULDVE SHARED WITH MY FELLOW SENIORS . OH WELL . IN THE TEST OF LIFE THERES NO TIME FOR MAKEUPS :) 
OKAY GAME 2 IS UNDER WAY . LETS GET IT IN . GO CAVS ! 
SO AT LEAST FIVE PEOPLE HAVE TOLD ME I LOOK LIKE OMARION IN THE PAST THREE DAYS , GUESS ILL TAKE THAT AS A COMPLIMENT :] 
IM OFFICIALLY DONE WIT HIGH SCHOOL ! YEEEEEESSSSSS ! STILL GOTTA ACTUALLY WALK ON THE 15TH BUT U KNOW WAT IM SAYIN . IM DONE ! 
Lupis Pizza , mmmm , Lebron is ballin , YEA , lifes good right now ! 
WORK , WORK , WORK , NO TIME FOR FRIENDS , RELATIONSHIPS , FUN , OR FAMILY ...... THATS ALL BOUT TO CHANGE IN A FEW DAYS THOUGH JUST U WAIT . NEW YORK , CONCRETE JUNGLE WHERE DREAMS ARE MADE OF , THERES NOTHING U CANT DO . NEW YORK HERE I COME !!!! 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOMMA ! I LOVE YOU :) 
HAHAH , ITS 11:55 AND I JUST WOKE UP , WISH I COULD SAY THE SAME FOR YALL STILL IN SCHOOL BUT ... LOL 
so i drove by Hixson high school today and ........ idk ..... thought , wonder whats goin on in there ?.... im gonna kinda miss-nah ! im more excited about whats goin on in the real world now ! CANT WAIT TO WALK !!! 
Bout to watch my brother perform at the hixson middle school . I think performin is in our blood . 
Bout to watch my brother perform at the hixson middle school . I think performin is in our blood . Except he ain't passionate bout actin like me . He a dancer ! 
Just got back and my brutha Deryk killed his solo ! I'm so proud !!! 
GOIN TO WORK ! 
Older women hittin on me ? Guess I'll take it as a compliment ?.... LOL at least they was fine . Haha 
Well work was fun ... sorta . gonna ball tommorow just dont know when . wanna come just txt 
So excited my relatives are comin to town ! i get so crazy when they come visit , cant wait ! 
cavs lost ............ :(((( 
EVERY MORNIN U GO TO STARBUCKS TO GET COFFEE , I BE AT THE BANK LIKE GET THIS CASH OFF ME-\jOKER\ " ... AAAYYYY :) ..... i wanna go see iron man tonight but im so tired ! well see " 
IM GRADUATED !!!!! 
GOIN TO NEW YORK TOMMOROW !!!!!!! FINALLY I GET A TASTE OF WHAT IT MEANS TO BE A NEW YORKER AND WHAT REAL FASHION REALLY IS ! SO EXCITED ! ILL MISS MY PALS HERE THOUGH TOO !..... a little lol 
I'M In New York ! Finally ! :) 
Just woke up ... that was a very late night :) So i been here for a few days and ... I Love New York ! ive already seen more models in one day then i have my whole life back home . the whole vibe of New York is just amazing . i kinda miss some people back at home but im havin too much fun to dwell on it right now . I still got love for chattown though and ill be back before yall even know it . 
hmmmmmm ...... goin back to sleep now :) 
So I think last night was the best night of my life :) yo I'm so lucky to have such an awesome uncle . Uncle , thank you for one of the best trips I've ever taken to new York !!! 
OMG my picture is on their website ?! Yesss !!!!! exposure ! :) 
is back in Tennessee !!!... but will be leaving for Florida soon :] 
The rain held up . The cookout is awesome !!! 
That was way to much freakin rain ! Umma pray for everyone out there on the roads . Please be safe 
Hehe ... girls are strange in so many ways . They get so flustered when they know u got their number 
omg , i just had the biggest case of road rage ever ! traffic was pure heck . so glad to be home ! 
Its confirmed ... Im a singer songwriter :) ...... oh yea , GO LAKERS !!! KOBE DOIN WORK , LETS GET IT IN !! 
Today is my little sisters birthday ! She eight years old today . Imma take her out to the movies later on today . Just not sure which movie yet lol . Love u Sis :) 
\ Teach me how to dougie\ " is officially my favorite song ... for today at least . everyone needs to come over so we can do it together . I'll teach all of u how to do it ! " 
Didnt get to go to church this mornin , but goin tonight for a graduation banquet . I love my church ! I know theres gonna be good food too ! 
So summer has been great so far , minus the not spendin one day with any of my friends yet . oh well , headed to Florida tommorrow ! i can feel the sand between my toes already ! 
The \Joker\ " is quite possibly one of the best young rappers alive . Yup i said it ! " 
Is so tired and relieved to be comin back home ! Oh and haha to all potter fans cuz I got to ride the new ride at universal before You :) lakers gonna win it all !!! 
Back Home ! just relaxin now . Hit me up :) 
just got back from work and feels back to his old self . \ 
\ 
glad to finally be back at work gettin that money again ! thank God I still had a job to go back to ;) \ 
excited about orientation ! bout to be college bound ! life is good . God is good . 
is really freakin upset that he cant get anyone from his college to assist him right now ! \ 
ahhhhhhhh !!! I just wanna get registered for college , is that so hard ? words cant even explain the frustration im feelin right now . 
Important things goin down tommorrow . gotta get some rest tonight . Tommorrow should be a great day God willin . ;D 
is sayin why should I be sad bout some petty stuff when I got a million other reasons to be happy for ! Life is good . ;D 
is sayin its official ... my new team is officially the Miami Heat !!! Lebronnnnnn !!!!!! I knew it ! Dang !!! 
is back from his advisory appointment and just remembered hes gotta work at 3\ 
GO HEAT !!! 
Is goin to see a sneak peek of buffalos and get some wings ! Yea , my family loves bdub that much lol . 
is sayin dang , I gotta work again today , but its okay cuz im makin so much paper ! \ 
cant work on an empty stomach though ... to BK !!! 
is glad orientation is over and supa hyped bout college ! \ 
still need mo $$$$ dough . if u wanna < PROPFEMALE > get at me ... \ 
( God is good ) 
Is watchin \The Departed\ " on FX . This movie off da chain ! " 
my body is all cut up and bruised , I supa dupa tired . this is gonna be a fun day at work ! 
will be hoopin at 2 , then shower and then work . \ 
Lord knows how imma play with a screwed up hand , but its gonna be fun no matta what . 
Just got done watchin the < PROPFEMALE > show ... Erica Badu is an amazin woman . Other women should try to emulate her style and not take life so seriously . alright , todays been another evenful day . tired as anythin . night 
has work at five . Yea ! money money money money , Money ! 
Is sayin , Im gonna be great and do somethin truly memorable and influential one day , so God thanks for all the blessings in advance ! 
is watchin Grease , a classic ! cant believe < PROPFIRST > Travolta used to look like this . Oh to be an actor ..... 
is goin to vacation bible study tonight ... Love you momma ;) 
is sayin dang ... that was a powerful message I just recieved at church . Preciate it pastor ! now im bout to demonstrate how much my brother appreciated it . \ 
Me : Deryk are you sleep ? \ 
Deryk : zzzzzz\ 
Me : ( whisper)Deryk ! \ 
Deryk : snore !!!... what , what , i been awake this whole time ! \ 
20 seconds later Me : hey deryk i ... \ 
Deryk : snore , yea , amen ! \ 
Me : fine , get ya snooze on then ... told you you was out cold\ 
Deryk : zzzzzzz\ 
LOL !!! 
work ... im sooooooooooo tierd ... im not gona make ti . somebody pray for me ... \ 
oh , and inception after that ... yeey 
is sayin Inception is one of the best movies ive seen .... ever . think of shutter island(another one of my favorites ) and the matrix mixed together . that what inception is like . No weak acting on anyones part really , except the foreign dude , yea it was GREAT !!!!!!!!! When i see movies like this it just makes me want to be an actor even more ! 
feels like the butler off of Fresh Prince(one of my favorite shows ever ) cuz he been cleanin all day ! Sunday is supposed to be the day of rest , so now imma just chillz for a min ... bed lookin pretty good , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s on , maybe chill for an hour ... lol 
is probly gonna break out the old golf clubs today . yup , they call me da next tiger woods ! (except without the insatiable need of hookers ... lol ) Naw Tiger's still my hommie . anyway , if ya wanna join me you know how to reach me . 
Yea ... might have to hold off on the golf today . Kinda bumbed , oh well , movie time ! 
is bout to go hoopin at < PROPFEMALE > in a few ... imma balla 4 life ! \ 
straight tierd from work though ... 
slightly dissapointed i was crampin the whole time i was hoopin , but hey , even kobe had a bad game . As long as im ballin im happy . \ 
oh and shout out to dem all n***az from back in the day . I love yall . \ 
( no homo ) 
woke up this mornin and his legs were in enormous pain ! \ 
gotta work at five so hopefully ill be able to walk normally by then lol\ 
anyone wanna give me a massage ? 
is back from work ... and exhausted ! Meeting with artistic director of the theater program tommorrow . life never stops ! 
is kinda tired right now but really excited about his monologue ! 
deffinitely just started really lookin at this monologue thing . Maybe its time to step down as the < PROPMALE > of procrastination and let someone else take the throne . out of high school now so i cant be so childish ... \ 
ps . eerrbody wish my brother a happy birthday tommorrow . he's 14 ! \ 
pps . Happy birthday Obama ! \ 
ppps . shout out to my peeps still in high school : HaHaHaHaHaaaaaa ! 
Is SUPA AMPED right now !!! deffinitely just got accepted into the acting program ! killed my monologue ! Thank God :D really couldnt be any happier right now ... 
is excited about what the day has in store for him ! Work at 12 then partay later . \ 
Cant wait for college now ! sept 7th son , imma be in that thanggg :D 
spent some quality time with my lil sister at the movies today . saw the tooth-fairy . It was really good too ! back home at the moment but i'm going back out to get my brother school supplies for his first day of high school ! Im such a great big Brother ;D 
so it is just hitting me . tommorrow is the first day of school ... for everyone still in highschool which excludes me . This is such a weird feeling . To all my Hixson Seniors : have an amazing Senior year with no regrets . make every moment count . it will be go by soooo fast . Imma miss a lot of yall ... Class of 2011 do it Big !!! 
man ... I just cant wait to go to college ! I'm finally gonna get to do what i've always wanted to do . :D hella bored right now though and still dont have my phone back yet . 
Today was a good day for several reasons ... thank God for letting me enjoy another one . \ 
oh and can't wait for college to start ! 
I'm so happy I got my cell phone back after what has seemed like an eternity . time to call some people up now cuz i know some people are mad at me lol 
Why do today what you could put off till tommorrow ? because tommorrow is not promised today . Live everyday like it could be your last . be the best that you can be at all times and that way you will have a blessed and fulfilled life ! :D 
Really wants to be at the game tonight .... but Ill definitely be at the Soddy game if I'm in town . GO HIXSON !!! 
Is amped and ready to see \takers\ " tonight ! \ 
Is glad that he is now dating more quality girls than before . \ 
First day of college = awesome 
Well I guess I'm stuck in chatt since school started . Can't wait for my Real classes to start . I know that God wants me here for now so I ain't complanin . \ 
Oh and found a cool shawty to < PROPFEMALE > with today so I'll just take it one day at a time . :D 
Where , Is , My , Phone !!!!! :( cut off from society . Had fun today ballin and saw someone today that brings back funny memories . First actin class tommorrow !!! :D 
Sittin in theater thinkin , this is what I was born to do . :D 
Today has literally been one of the best days of my life . A new begginning , a new chapter in my life , a fresh start ... thank God . :D 
LOVES acting school and HATES History . Still life is great and i'm thankful . :D \ 
oh , and to a certain someone who won't be mentioned , just because I only wanna be friends doesn't mean I despise you lol ... we can still talk , let's just be friends ... :D 
SCHOOL , IS , AMAZZZINGGG !!! :D LIFE IS AMAZING\ 
lots of work to do ! 
Today was great ! much like everyday . Love school but I have sooo much to do . starting to learn pilates , which is ammmmazzzzing . anybody got an extra yoga mat ? lol ... seriously though . Have to study a play , will smith participated in it though so its all good . party sometime in the near future . I so Jazzed right now I just thank GOD . \ 
\future Movie star \"" 
Fiinnnnnaaaalllly off work . :) saw < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s skinny ass today lol . 7:00 you already knowww . GO VOLS !!!! oh and I still need a yoga mat if anybody's got one . Thanks . \ 
\Da Boss \"" 
This will be one thing I miss about High school . Homecoming week . and Homecoming dance . I hope Hixson's football team at least wins this one game . \ 
Can't wait for class tommorrow ! but I still need to read through these scenes first ... oh well . Thank GOD for lettin me live another week . Life is Grand . :D \ 
Got our scenes assingned to us today and our partners . :) super excited but there's sooooo much work to do . I have a little free time though so I'm deffinitely about to spend some more time on my song . Thank GOD for another great day . Deuces !!! \ 
Today was great ! I love acting . also I found a long lost friend . Facebook you aren't completely useless after all lol . Goin to The high school game today . Yall better keep it interesting tonight . :) Then probly Buffalos after . Thank God for another good week ! 
Gotta work today , BLAARGGGHHSH !!! It's okay though . Oh and just so yall know I don't have my phone . I'm not ignoring you , I simply do not have it right now . so don't text me . I'm still gonna make the best of this weekend though ! :) 
Today was another great day , minus me still not knowing where my phone is . I just wanna say I been blessed by God and life's good right now shawty :D 
mmmmmmm ... Tacos . :D 
Got a new phone and doesn't have anyone's number . If you still wish to communicate with me in the future , inbox me your number . To the people who this doesn't apply to , STOP BEING NOSY READIN MY STATUS !!! Lol\ 
Oh , and also I got to witness a full body tremor today in class . I guess the only way to describe it would be ..... \Wow \"" 
Is sayin LOL girls can be so silly sometimes , especially when you've got their number . \ 
Today was fun , but I got so much s**t to write for class its borderline hysterical . Excited about Friday for multiple reasons ;) aight Night . 
Is sittin here waitin for Improv to start . Also just learned a new language in voice . \Omnish ! \"" 
Just came back from one of the best shows I've seen in forever . To my theater people , you guys are AWESOME !!! 
That was probbrably the dumbest and most sickening thing I've seen in a while ..... I just feel sick . UT fans you know what im talkin bout . :( 
whelp , I gotta go to work this mornin so no church for me . still , I gotta say thank GOD for letting me ge this far . Another week completed . :D 
Is sayin you ever tell a friend your number , then see a couple girls listenin hard as hell and think ya shoulda just texted them ? I feel like that now . \ 
Also Scene Study = Good times :) 
Apparently I discovered a new part of myself that I usually hide from myself and others in improv . Today was a good day :) 
\The good news is its only you . The bad news is its only you . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Landrum\ 
Is goin to a show at 7:30 then later on tonight gonna get the ish scared out of me at the < PROPMALE > of fear . should be fuuuuun . :) 
It's so hard to be the bigger person sometimes . But I know I'll be rewarded for it eventually . Some women are just straight B****es sometimes though I swear . \ 
Oh well , tommorrow gonna be straight so let me get off my soap box and get this body wash . :D And shout out to DJ Poetic !!! 
Today was a great day . Got lots of stuff done . I love college . :) :) :) \ 
Oh , and this is random but I was just watchin the BET awards and all I can say is Waka Flocka Flame should not have the title of rapper , rather he should be known as the crazy hype man with dreads that he really is . 
Dude , don't you hate it when someone knooooooowss they are wrong about somethin , and instead of ownin up to it like a real man or women , they just argue and try to blame you ??? that's such bull ! \ 
still can't complain though . thank GOD for another great day . :D 
Got my scene work down , YEEEEEAH !! Now I can focus on all my other work . The difference between college and high school though is that I am perfectly willing to do this work and its actually fun . :D thank GOD for another great day . \ 
Oh and < PROPMALE > IS A BEAST !!! (inside joke ) 
NBA BASKETBAAAAAAALL !!! I love it ! Lebron , D < PROPMALE > , Black Mamba , AAAAHHHH ! :D \ 
I'm so happy . I Wanna go out and hoop it up right now who's with me ??? lol 
Is so freakin happy ! :D today I saw zombies infect a whole campus , an awesome thriller tribute , and a friend of mine propose during a live performance . One my my best months of the year by far . :) 
Just watched an epic new Zombie horror series on AMC with Dom , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > Gilliland . Baked chicken time now , then I'll crash . \ 
Peace . 
Is sittin here rollin cuz my brothers gettin his hair braided for the first time and he's pretty much cryin ! LOL . TOO funny ! Also had tons of fun performin on friday . This weeks been pretty baller . 
Theres nothin that makes me happier than meetin a woman who is truly beautiful inside AND out , ( though it was just first impression . ) sometimes I wonder if I should be exclusive but I'm honestly just not that kinda dude . you would have to be SOMTHIN . but dang shawty was Fine ! :) \ 
Oh , and I love workin production crew ! 
Tired but feeling accomplished . For anyone out there who cares about theater or < PROPMALE > in general , come to The Drowsy Chaperone tommorrow at chatt state ! It's gonna be off da chain ! 
Is feelin really good . :) \ 
come see the \Drowsy Chaperone\ " tonight at 7:30 ! at Chatt State . Youll be glad you did . " 
Is sayin damn , Manny Paquiaou went HAM tonight . 
Went to church today for the first time in about a month in a half and it was good . :) \ 
Also , everyone come to the \Drowsy Chaperone\ " today . It's the last show and youll be glad you did . lots of laughs . " 
Can't wait till wednsday ! and go eagles , VICK BABY ! 
Mooooviesss !!! 
\Unstoppable\ " with Denzel Washington = one good ass movie ! :) " 
Is being quite creative today . :] 
Got 10 hours of sleep .... in the past three days ! Soohohooo tired . \ 
< PROPMALE > Potter was pretty good though 
Hungry as a mug ! 
Auditioned for the Musical \Little Women\ " a whole new experience for me but it was fun . I hope I get it . " 
Is excited as hell about tommorrow . :] 
So happy ! First legit performance and it feels great ! All the first years did amazing . Im proud of everyone and I can't wait for what is to come . :D 
So I just saw an awesome show at chatt !! Second years y'all did great 
Finds Astrology , Horoscopes and Zodiac signs to be Fascinating , entertaining , and very stimulating to read and explore ! 
MWUAHAHAHAHA !!!!!! ROBOT UNICORN CHAMP !!! ( 108,000 ) F**K wit me now ! LMAO !!! ( < PROPFEMALE > ) ;) 
The < PROPMALE > of Robot Unicorn again ! now I'm bout to watch a scary ass movie . Yeeeahhh ! 
Today's been awesome . Tommorrow will be eually awesome . Very excited ! 
Super happy to see one of my awesome teachers today at my Job , and super excited to start up again on thursday !!! 
Feels like he's slowly rotting away when he could be acting ! I need a book to read or somethin ... or yet another snowball fight . 
Is putting more music on his Ipod . I love music ! All kinds . except depressing country . 
No one could possibly know Just how excited I am to do this new scene ! Just feel like yellin . AHHHHHHHH !!! can't wait can't wait can't waaaaaait . Along my awesome partner RED . 
Is it bad I want to be so good so soon ? Hmmmmm ..... I think about it all day , till i go to class . then I think about it afterwards , and have trouble going to sleep at night cuz i'm still thinking about it . So this must be what love is ..... or obsession ... either way , I can't wait to go and do it again . 
Had like the whole class crunk today on that good music ! other than that though , I feel like I aint done shit today , yet Im feelin kinda tired . Oh well , tommorrow's gonna be a fun day too . 
Is so happy and wants to say I appreciate everyone who wished me a happy birthday today . It means a lot so thanks to everyone ! 
Outta church now . So what to do with the rest of my sunday . Hmmmmmmmmmm ... 
Type A status person , Type B personality . Guess that makes me AB all around . I'm good with that . :) 
Happy Valentines Day ! 
Didn't do anything in school today . Literally . Feelin sad as hell today , but not 100% on why . Guess I just need to man up and fake happiness till it come back . And to the people who saw me today , I'm sorry I was in such a negative mood . that's the bad side of me and I hope it doesn't happen again anytime soon . 
Goin to Three < PROPFEMALE > tonight :D 
Thoroughly enjoyed \Three < PROPFEMALE > OPera\ " tonight . I have some extremely talented class mates and am blessed to know them . Great job to the cast and crew ! " 
Musical Improv is what's up !!! 
OSCARS\ 
KNICKS AND HEAT\ 
Quite possibly the best night of tv . I've looked forward too in quite some time . Two of my loves . life is good tonight . :) 
So my voice is pretty much shot right now and my whole body is a kinda sore .... \ 
This has been a great day ! 
Is excited for what the day has in store for me . :) 
Beat a legendary team on Hall of Fame difficulty on 2K11 . I'm a beast . Can't nobody be me at 2K , we can put money on it . cancled a date for this shit . lol It was worth it too . at the time anyway ... I'm satisfied . 
Had a scary ass dream last night ! or was it this morning ... either way I kicked the cover over and woke up upside down with half my body hanging off my bed . Craziness ! 
I want Zaxby's so bad right now , I can almost smell it right now !!! 
Haven't got any rest in a minute . make that 36 hours to be exact . lol oh well , had lots of fun to make it all worth it . Even though i'm really to tired to even function properly . Hmmmm ... Movie Time !!! 
Mannnn , thank GOD for caller ID !!!!!!!! :) 
I wonder if I'm the only one who always has music playing in my head . Even when I don't really want it to ! 
Hmmm ... time to read a play ! Can't wait to perform again . Its been too long ! 
Important shit to do tommorrow . Lookin forward to the challenge ! 
Seriously hopin today will be as good as yesterday . Lookin forward to it !!! 
My friends crack me up ! Lmao . bout to watch \ Black Swan\ " in a minute . I'm crunk right now ! " 
Just finished watching \Black Swan\ " ..... Oh my Gosh 
Excited about the day ! 
Is watching the wizard of Oz and just realized three things :\ 
1 . You can clearly see the set is just painted on half the time . \ 
2 . The lion is so scared , he's such a girl he can't even ask the Oz for courage ! \ 
3 . I'd love to be in The Wiz at any theatre location . 
Is blessed by GOD and very happy at the moment . I'm so excited for my first musical ! 
Just randomly thought of this , but I'd LOVE to be in the next Rush hour movie ! ( if < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > aren't too old . ) I'd be like < PROPFIRST>'s young apprentice or somethin . That'd be so tight ! 
It's time .... I'm bout to go ham on some work ! 
Tommorrow is very important to me . nuff said . I pray GOD be with me . 
So I been gettin some really nice feedback from people who saw me perform in my ten minute play . People that I didn't even no were there . Anyway , it's very much appreciated and I'm just gonna keep workin hard to get even better ! 
