Fresh Start . 

i'm so sorry for you , you'll never love again . 
great night with my boys . nothing says bonding like car rides . 
we love that game , but we never play . cause we will lose , and we wanna stay . the way we are , the way we've been for far too long . 
i'll be back with a capital h , which stands for hero and the hero is me . 
really wants to take a yoga class . now . 
i won't tell you how to live your life so please stay far away from mine . 
yes , insomnia . i hate you . 
it makes me stop and wonder , what spell have i been under ? who taught the voodoo that you do ? 
I'd hate to be a hobo tonight . 
Is super duper excited about Valentines day . 
my name is jes checo , and i have a gossip girl addiction . 
holy shit . what a fucking night . 
if i was to get a piercing , would you say eyebrow or nose ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is definitely NOT my middle name . 
I really don't care who wins or loses this game , because I already lost it- I lost the game . Fml . 
\it's like a double rainbow . a zombie double rainbow . \"" 
you're like the conscience i never had . thank you . 
i seriously fucking love Alexz < PROPMALE > . you should love her too . 
doritos , my cheetos , we'll make a party mix for certain . 
miss my baby . my gosh . i can finally say that out loud ! 
fresh start february rocks . 
i like it , i like it that way . 
so excited for tonight . <3 
had a great night bringing my baby and my hubby out to jville ! what will today bring ? 
Great day with < PROPFEMALE > Konkel , < PROPMALE > Willett and the bf Mr. Copen . Happy Valentines day everyone . :) <3 
worst case scenario ... i still have some green hair dye . i can be medusa . 
FYI : Tomorrow , Facebook will change its privacy settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To stop this from happening , go to Account > Home Invasion Settings > Cannibalism > Brains , and unclick the \Tasty\ " box . Please repost . Good luck . " 
it's summer in my mind . 
love is a powerful thing . 
want to get on a plane just for the hell of it . 
sitting around watching movies being lazy not sure what today's plans are . 
Chillin at Kates smoking some hookah enjoying good times . 
i love when people dedicate songs to you . especially love songs . to me it's better than any present . love you babe <3 
i love this stuff . i just discovered it . i mean , it makes me sick but its amazing ! it's chocolate milk ! 
your thoughts seem so clear with your head underwater . 
is looking forward to when everything is settled . 
I love night living . 
listen listen could be an addiction , missing every moment like a physical condition . 
when we're together , i feel perfect . when i'm pulled away from you , i fall apart . <3 
i'm gonna do it cause i said so . 
At my grandmas . :) 
i know exactly what i want and who i want to be . 
On a wonderful movie date with my Hubby . 
one week and two days . but who's counting ? 
i love pushing limits . 
easy to be sleazy when you've got a filthy mind . 
i wish i was as pretty as a picture . 
my name is jes checo . and < PROPMALE > Ganansky and i are getting married while skydiving over niagara falls , landing on a boat , while that annoying ' i'm on a boat ' song is playing . hope to see you there . 
boyfriend who ? haven't seen him in like a week . grr . 
just gave my brother my seafoam green jeans . he is very happy . i am very proud . 
the lady gaga born this way video ... creeps me the fuck out . don't like the song , and now i don't like the video . i think i will have nightmares . 
Down town by myself . Damn I'm cool . 
maybe it's a little much . 
i <3 < PROPFIRST > Norton 
TO SETTLE ALL THE RUMORS : no , < PROPMALE > Ganansky and i are not dating , we're ENGAGED . it's been a scorching white hot love affair that has finally been publicized . It is technically a three way relationship considering my BOYFRIEND , ( once again who is not < PROPMALE > ) , is okay with it . we wanted to keep it under wraps for fear of harsh criticism and unfair judgement , but , now you know . consider yourselves educated . 
another < PROPMALE > , a lip piercing , double nose , or double eyebrow ? 
glad that everything is under control now . won't have to deal with harassment anymore . 
omg girl . get a life ! leave me aloneeee . 
finally going to lay down this track . i think i'm ready . 
Life is good . 
is happy that everything is cleared up . can't wait to see my baby . <3 
Girls niiiight ! 
Photoshoot accomplished ! Probably the coolest one in awhile . Be jealous . 
dreamed that i was a detective for miami metro homicide ... i'm watching too much < PROPMALE > . 
you're the metaphors i can't create , to comprehend this curse that i call love . 
Face off marathon . 
my mom said she'd give me 200 dollars not to dye my hair for a year . i will take that money , and accept that challenge . 
weird night . definitely not what i expected . 
bye bye blondie . 
but my mind has a clever way of turning all the worst to right i've found . 
< PROPFEMALE > - wants to soon leave the orchard , find myself a nice vineyard , and become grape . 
farm life is weird . dead owls , chicken killing raccoons , and newts in the basement . makes for great pictures . 
If you're an avid tweeter , and you love yourself some indie music- help Alexz < PROPMALE > get to the top world TT tonight . She's an amazing artist , and the two seconds you'll spend RTing will be well worth it ! 
It's about time I had a night like this :) <3 
the world is a weird place . 
Welcome Home to the Suffering of the Blood Red Summer . Mother May I ask that you keep The Lying Lies And The Dirty Secrets Of Miss < PROPFEMALE > Court a secret ? It surprised me when I looked into the distance I saw Feathers that were Once Upon Your Dead Body . I kept telling you to Wake Up , but you didn't wake . I then realized that there is No World For Tomorrow , for only The Broken walk in the World Of Lines ... C&C !! <3 
I love giving presents . Especially hand made ones . I'm excited to see his reaction . :) 
We'll always just be two little cabbage patch kids going to the LSD market . 
Hookah party ! 
crazy night . good morning . some good parts in between . 
How can I break the news to you ? 
Sometimes telling the truth is just the best option . 
third tat down . 50 million more to go . 
work at 6 . fml . 
Rah rah Rawr . 
Neu Sex is amazing ! I <3 < PROPFEMALE > Grey ! buy it ! 
chaos- < PROPFEMALE > Korpse and order- moi . 
she twittered me again !!!!!!! :O 
the one bad thing about having no friends on facebook now , i can't look and laugh at my old friends shitty tattoos . 
wish i could be cuddling up with my baby tonight . rawr . can't wait till we move out ! 
i . need . a haircut . 
drivers test tomorrow . i'm . so . scared . 
i love the new Panic ! At The Disco cd . i fell out of them after their first cd but this is what i was waiting for . nice . 
