I am NOT another sheep in society ! 

is feeling like shes missing something . 
is ready for her mini vacation to < PROPFEMALE > ; the sun , the sand and the water .... feels like home and always puts a smile on her face . 
is moving furniture this weekend ; anyone wanna help ? :) 
had a great time at the pool today with her niece ! 
is ready for her trip to < PROPFEMALE > this weekend ! 
People's ignorance disgusts me ! 
is getting off work at 7am and heading to < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend . 
enjoyed every minute on the beach ! 
wishes she didn't have to go to work tonight , but is very happy tomorrow is pay day ! 
.... sometimes you have to just sit back and wait your turn . 
Ridin in a 09 Impreza ; its only a rental :( I hope my car never gets outta the shop lol 
Finger painting with my niece :) 
Playin poker at work ; the solitude is driving me mad ! 
Weekend starts at 7am ; I cant wait ! :P 
is being bored by her supposedly loving sister :P Love ya < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is laying in bed staring at the ceiling ..... wishing I could fall asleep . 
is sitting at work ; I think Ill watch a movie :P 
Your mouth is moving , but all i hear is blah , blah , blah . 
Chocolate Milkshakes make me happy ! 
:) 
Happy Thanksgiving ! :P 
My job bores the life right out of me . 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , personal or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive , You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get ..... the liar liar test is officially on ! 
Playing with my new Droid phone , this thing is great ! 
I wanna go see Avatar on Friday ! 
Gettin my caffeine fix so I can start my day :) 
Watching the Ole Miss v UGA game . Hotty Toddy ! 
Hotty Toddy ! Ole Miss WINS ! 
Que sera , sera . 
Thanks for all the bday wishes ! :) 
My cell had to be reset ; I need < PROPFIRST > people ! :P 
Je veux ton amour 
C'est la vie 
\Politeness is the < PROPMALE > of choosing among your thoughts . \"" 
They put up NO U-TURN signs for a reason people ! To the asshole that hit me ..... Feel my wrath ! Muhahahaha 
I called Enterprise to have them pick me up , so I could get the rental Ill be using while my car is in the shop . They never showed up ! WTF ?!?!?! 
My neck and back are killing me from the accident . 
Just got a makeover at work ..... lets see what type of reaction I get :P 
Blah , Blah , Blah . 
C'est la vie . 
Bored ..... 
\Real achievment is made by outsiders because normals are content . \"" 
Dekalb tried to charge me $3 to park in a lot across the way from the court house .... you should have seen that security guard chasing me HAHAHA 
I need to call 96.1 to let them know who the true DOUCHE of the day is ! 
Searching for new employment . 
My nephew has arrived ! < PROPFIRST > is a whole 5lbs .... yay ! 
In need of a Halloween costume ; any suggestions ? 
Every great dream begins with a dreamer . Always remember , you have within you the strength , the < PROPFEMALE > and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world . - - - < PROPFEMALE > Tubman 
Cooking breakfast ; hungry ? :P 
Do people actually watch these ghetto ass/trailer trash people on Maury ? This shit will rot your brain ; I cant believe this shit is still on the air ! Id rather watch infomercials . 
Sittin at mom's house , its yuckie out . Hopefully tomorrow will be nicer so we can take Kenzee < PROPFEMALE > to the planetarium . 
Its been a long stressful day ..... glad to be home . 
Happy bday marines ! Thanks for all you do ! 
Spent about 3 hours in the uniform shop trying to find something to fit ; I wish Id grow , been stuck this size since 6th grade ! :( 
Just got in from work ..... come on Ole Miss ! 
Cleaning house ; I wish I had < PROPFEMALE > powers , just a twitch of the nose :P 
Missing my Cosmo family and starting to worry about their safety :( 
Hmmm , the Q&A game .... guess Ill play too . Inbox me a Q and ill post the A . :P 
Q : Do I remember you from school ? \ 
A : Its been ages , but yes I remember you ! Youve gotten taller and thinner since we were kids , but you still look the same :) PS ... You made some cute babies ! 
In need of entertainment . 
Hotty Toddy ! 
If anyone receives an email from my gmail account do not open it , its a virus :( 
I made a snow angel ! 
I want to thank everyone for the bday wishes ! You guys are amazing ! <3 
????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Nieces Week ! If you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? \ 
I dont participate in copy/paste statuses , but I had to with this one ! < PROPFEMALE > and McKenzee , I will always be here for you , no matter what , you guys are amazing ! 
