is glad she went camping with her family last night , but now is very VERY tired 

NOT EXCITED 
i have to pack EVERYTHING , and go to work , and get a lab test done , and pack more , and go back to work , and paint a table .... today . Seriously . And then live out of a suitcase until the middle of September . :( 
Summer is almost over ! * gasp * 
I am the worst sister EVER . Definitely feeling pretty lame right about now ... 
Settling into the new place ... :) 
feeling terrible .... blah . I better not have pig flu :[ 
So much to do ! * sigh * 
the zoo was awesome today ! 
is going to bed early so that she can get up , drink some coffee , make biscuits , study , read her book , and go to class looking crisp and < PROPFEMALE > cheeked . 
Oh sleepyness . 
Could not get to sleep last night .... and now have a very long , drving filled day . * poof * 
wants a back massage and a foot rub . 
is tired and has been reading too much and is totaly ready to kick today's butt ! 
had a blast last night with her dad at Cosby ! Cosby's still got it ! 
hates nutrition class ... its all chemistry and biology and anatomy and blah .... so confused ! 
Tomorrow is Halloween and I have so much to do .... and yet am SO EXCITED ! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN ! 
has done pretty much nothing today and am totally drained . 
stupid class was canceled ... again ... without warning . This means that we will have a stressed out teacher and way WAY way too much reading to do , and a revised reading schedule that will look nothing like what we had to read before , so you're behind even though you were keeping up before ... and then a ridiculously hard quiz because she has too much stuff to get in . I am starting to hate Sacred Books . 
sleepy ... time to go whoop todays butt . 
life is wonderful and you must live it to the fullest . go for your dreams and don't let your failures get in the way . You are how you want to be and you will be what you do . Love deeply and don't forget those who have always been good to you . 
is unimpresed with the current state of affairs . 
dumbest project ever ... 
cannot wait for the weekend . Clean apatment , time to catch up on some reading and sleep . Thats right ... I party hard :) 
gets to go to a colonial tea etiquet event around christams . I am so excited ... and am realizing I am probably one of the only people in the world my age who would be . Go DAR ! 
is tired and on a stress let down from the bathroom situation .... blah . Ginger-Peach tea please sooth me ! 
is tired and ready to go home for some family time . 
Today is going to be rough .... I'm up really early , finishing up some last minute homework , packing up , cleaning the apartment , and then mad dash racing home to finally relax and spend some time with family . So basically , crazy but totally rewarding . I'll sleep like a baby tonight . 
is not emotionally ready for class .... so stressful . Can anyone say hot bath ? 
Thanks to a huge box of < PROPMALE > and some NSYNC christmas music , < PROPFEMALE > just got her Christmas spirit . 
HATES FINALS . 
what the heck with the pokemon ? 
is in love with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is feeling very wierd and really really REALLY really hoping she isn't sick ... I really want to party ! 
may definately be getting sick .... please not today .... I have way too much homework to not be at 100% today 
is ready to go get her < PROPMALE > on ! 
Is up and ready and raring to take on today ! 
wishes her teacher would stop canceling a 2 day a week class ... we have missed so many days ! 
in on her A-game ... kicking butt and taking names ! 
So much to do ! I feel like I've been going full tilt for days now ... But , let bring it on again today ! 
we better not get any snow ! 
is tired and has been constantly busy for days now ! time for bed ... 
Oh Spring Cleaning you make me feel wonderful ... spring here I come ! 
Day Two : NWAC sessions begin . Yesterday went really well , everyone was so helpful ! Today I know will be just as good , even if it is more hectic ! And remember ... Friends don't let friends be ethnocentric ! 
First day of classes ... ready to jump in head first ! 
Crazy weather you have ruined my weekend plans .... 
thinks it is strange how when her plans fall through , new and improved plans seem to take their place . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for an AMAZING weekend ! 
is pumped to get to the gym after class and whip herself into shape ! 
thinks being a grown up gets easier with practice ... and yet the issues are harder to deal with . woohoo ... 
leaves tomorrow ! < PROPFEMALE > California here I come ... cannot wait to see everyone ! YAY ! 
< PROPMALE > Meeting Tonight ! 5PM ! 
NWAC Party Tonight ! Woot woot ! 
just caughtt a bird that was trapped in < PROPFIRST > . And released it ... safely into the wild . Booyah . 
is making quiche :) 
has a raging headache . 
is excited for camping ! 
could not be more happy that the week is over 
Finals .... i will own you ! 
Final #1 has been conquered ! 
I have found that I am much less flexible ever since my bones fused together . 
so excited to go home ! 
misses having cats around :( 
\Not all those who wander are lost\ " - J.R.R. Tolkein " 
my bedroom is so turqoise ! gah ... 
is so full of chinese food ! buffet = good idea + bad idea 
leaves in just a few hours for California ! 
Almost done with my event budgeting class ! Only one more assignment left ... booyah ! 
my feet hurt SO bad , and all I can do is sit in this chair and watch Lord of the Rings ... and yet I am blissfully happy to be doing so :) 
Thank you so much to everyone who is helping to find my cat < PROPFIRST > ! He has been lost for several days now near my parents house in Lake Stevens . If anyone sees this little long haired white and gold cat , please call me or message me on facebook ! Thank you ! 
My cat < PROPFIRST > is still missing . I am very worried about him . I know that most of my friends don't live in Lake Stevens to keep their eyes open , but please send him safe and helpful thoughts ! 
< PROPMALE > Borer has no wall . 
starts her job today ! 
advice of the day : \Follow your bliss\ " \ 
is strongly resisting the urge to buy a fish . 
is loving her poppy seed muffin and totally ready for an awesome productive day ! 
Does anyone else think that the silhouette that shows up when you don't have a profile picture looks a lot like Darth Vader ? 
can't believe it is almost Halloween ! 
just had the most AMAZING breakfast ... now off to study ! 
is ready for another day with her nose to the grind stone ... i cannot wait for this midterm to be over ! 
loves having her laundry all done :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Hice is the most wonderful talented person ever ! Pumpkin pie made from a pumpkin she cooked and mixed herself .... LOVELY . Shout out to < PROPMALE > Wanechek II and < PROPFIRST > Garnica for finding the LAST sugar pumpkin in ellensburg . 
wishes Thanksgiving was sooner so she could go see her family ! 
Window coverings .... you have delightfully achieved in your attempts to keep my room warm . Thank you . \ 
Advil ... you have failed in your attempts to keep my legs from hurting and now I cannot sleep . We are going to need to renegotiate the status of our relationship . 
I should not have had coffee at lunch ... now I cannot sleep\ 
* grr * 
\It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood\ " ~ Mister Rogers " 
I do not wish to be sick today . :( 
http://www.latfh.com \ 
\ 
so much <3 
dreary has never looked so pretty as it does out my foggy window with small patches of sunlight amongst the grey , the branches of a bare tree waving in the wind , and leaves blowing down the street . 
I have no power ! but just in my room .... magical power outage ! egad ! 
so much snow ... 
we might get snowed in ... just saying\ 
And CWU teachers , please have a heart and cancel classes tomorrow . Thank you . 
I cannot wait for turkey , and stuffing , and cranberry sauce , and green bean casserole , and mashed potatoes , and pumpkin pie ... 
Happy Thanksgiving all ! 
Black Friday ? \ 
Did it ... for the win . 
loves decorating for Christmas ... even if it causes me leg pain :) 
If i get sick from what the boys all seem to have here ... I'm going to be really REALLY irritated ... 
Finally got some sleep ... so ready to go haunt the library 
I can feel my brain leaking out of my eyeballs ... 
Final is over !!!!!! blah !!!!! I'm going to bed . 
Going home today !!!!! And out to tea with my lovely mother and all the DAR ladies ... I'm so excited ! 
Christmas tree O christmas tree ... \ 
I love christmas tree hunting :) 
is very tired . 
Cleaning + baking + decorating + Christmas music = Christmas spirit 
Why does breakfast food make such good dinner food ? 
Christmas shopping you are almost done . Tomorrow I will conquer you ! 
\Exorcism : Driving out the Devil\ " \ 
My grandparents finally got here ! Now the Christmas festivities can really begin ! \ 
Oh , and there is ridiculous amounts of cookie making going on . < PROPFEMALE > is the cookie making champ ! 
Oh goodness , back from zumba which was fun . Now time for bed and then lots of cooking and presents tomorrow !!! I can't believe it is already time ! 
I would like to take a moment of silence to mourn the death of my laptop ... 
SO MUCH CLEANING !!! blah . but oh boy does it feel good to get this stuff done :) 
SO MUCH COLD !!!!! \ 
Ellensburg , why did you have to melt and then freeze creating a sheet of ice ? This coldness is making EVERYTHING harder .... 
a glass of wine and good long chat with your best friend after a long day .... lovely 
Goodnight world ... I am exhausted ... 
Thank you so much to everyone for all the birthday wishes !!! It made my day :) \ 
Also , thank you to everyone who came out last night to celebrate , it was so much FUN ! 
So in love with loose-leaf tea ... 
I hate sore throats . This is dumb . 
I feel like the black death all warmed up ... 
I feel SO MUCH BETTER ! thank goodness all that sickness nonsense is over :) 
I am so ready for badmitton ! whoop whoop ! 
ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS OR HAD CANCER . MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL WHO ARE FIGHTING IT ? 
Here I am , rock you like a hurricane . 
homemade cough remedy = success 
Interesting Fact : < PROPFIRST > VIII drank sharp red wine , much sharper than any of us would ever drink or probably even find in stores . But he didn't mind because he mixed sugar into it ... \ 
That's right , SUGAR . \ 
Yay for NatGeo 
Copy/paste if your Grandma is in Heaven : If roses grow in Heaven , Lord , then pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Grandma's arms and tell her they're from me . Tell her that I love and miss her , and when she turns to smile , place a kiss upon her cheek and hold her for awhile . And when she hears me pray her name , make sure that she is blessed . For when I greet her once again , I know our reunion will be the best . 
I had so much fun seeing my family and all the Rainbow family this weekend ! Happy birthday to Aidan Borer ! Congratulations and beautiful instalation < PROPFEMALE > Dayton ! 
So my computer managed to get the world's newest virus . While it messed up my morning , < PROPFEMALE > Hice , < PROPMALE > Borer , < PROPFEMALE > Borer , and < PROPFEMALE > Borer made it much much better ! Also lovely to see < PROPFEMALE > A Lampert . Goodnight all . 
To all my friends out at CWU , come on over to the SURC from 11-1 Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday and buy a $2 raffle ticket for our 50/50 raffle . All proceeds go to the Anthropology Student Association to help students go the the Northwest Anthropology Conference ! Come help us out :) 
I have the worst headache .... why ?!?!?! 
The < PROPFEMALE > Girls probably got me through my morning ... they are hilarious ! 
Dear Shemar Moore , \ 
Thank you for being so pretty . \ 
<3 < PROPFEMALE > 
WHY SNOW ?!?!?!? WHY ?!!!!! 
There is easily 2-3 inches of snow outside . 
So I definably got up this morning , looked outside and saw all the snow and wished that Aidan Borer and < PROPFEMALE > Borer and I were still kids , because today would be a snow day and we could sled , have a snow fight , build a fort and a snow man . And then when we are too cold and wet , we can go inside and drink hot cocoa . \ 
And that all sounds way better than trekking to college today . :P 
So ... I am tired and have a headache , but I have gotten a lot done . Thank you so much to everyone who helped me out today and kept me calm :) 
I can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Dyke today ! 
It is weird to be up early every morning , but kind of nice to get up naturally when the sun starts to come up . It makes my mornings lovely . I just can't wait for it to warm up so I can go outside and get some sun while I drink my morning tea . 
To all my CWU friends , where is a good place to get cheap safe storage over the summer ? Anyone have any suggestions ? 
Oh < PROPFIRST > Osteen , you made my morning . 
So much early . Blah . 
March is MS Awareness Month I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU KNOW HAS MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS ( MS ) . I KNOW MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY WILL . MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? DO IT IN MEMORY AND HONOR OF THOSE FIGHTING IT 
Good morning world ! 
“A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools . ”\ 
< PROPMALE > Adams 
< PROPFEMALE > to herself : \Do you know what sounds lame today ? pants . I think I will wear a skirt . \ " \ 
Finals , I challenge you to a duel ! Only one of us will be walking away from this fight ! 
Very sick ... this sucks . 
I love my dentist . No pain whatsoever , he is AMAZING . 
Thyme , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tea . You are so good to me :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Breakfast tea , a < PROPFEMALE > turnover , and \The Power of Myth\ " by < PROPFIRST > Campbell makes for a pleasant morning at the Borer house . " 
