I can't wait for this horrid year to be over 

Does anybody know about Ms. Cowart's project ? has anybody finished it ? 
If life is fair , then why do roses have thorns ? 
When will i awake from this fabricated nightmare and overcome the inevitable labyrinths that life has set upon me ? Why does nobody comment or like my status updates ? 
When will i awake from this fabricated nightmare and overcome the inevitable labyrinths that life has set upon me ? Why does nobody comment or like my status updates !? 
AP Spanish HW 
School sucks and I'm happy there is no school on wednesday 
Have to do community service tommorow ... i feel a little depressed 
Sometimes time seems like a wasted go 
Hey Now , Don't Dream It's Over ... 
Not content for various reasons 
That Precalculus homework is on my mind ... need to start on it ! 
Listening to depeche mode 
Bla 
Um I'm exhausted from all the cleaning and preparations for my moms arrival from her \business trip \"" 
Um I'm exhausted from all the cleaning and preparations for my moms arrival from her \business trip \"; I'm listening to a song called \ " C'est La Vie\ " by < PROPFIRST > Nevil " 
Can't wait for this week to over 
One more day until winter break ... the excitement is overshadowed by my deplorable grade in physics honor(thank you turner tech ) , canterbury tales project , and midterms 
I'm sooooooooooo boredddddddddddddddd 
Have a sore throat ... feel like i'm getting sick 
It's cold outside ... I'm developing a cold 
\The World Has Turned And Left Me Here\ " By : Weezer " 
I need to get serious this week ; has any done the Canterbury project ? Can somebody tell me what has to be done for the project ? 
BORED 
I like that song Paparazzi ! 
Bored and frowning 
I finally have a passing grade in physics ! Doing FASFA tommorow ... 
Who knows Ms. Cowart's email address ? 
Have the Sat's tommorow ... 
I took the SAT's today ... it was very long and gruesome 
another day is almost coming to a close ... i don't feel so well 
Disregard the previous post ... 
bored , sleepy , annoyed ... 
ugh i hate 5th period sometimes 
Sick 
Trying to finish American Government section assessments ... 
Working on the soliloquy for English ... 
-__- i swear school is driving me crazy 
Back to the abyss tommorow ... 
Did my florida financial aid today ... ehh 
Minnie(my cat ) keeps scratching on the windows :( 
Wow is the sky blue ? why can't it be green ? life is so unfair :( 
The sky is dead today :( 
im bored :( 
its very sunnys today 
Qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm ! 
Seems like this week is going to be very dark blue :( 
\New In Town\ " By : Little Boots " 
Im so tired and bored right now 
Finally , this school week from the abyss is over 
Not another 5-day school week :'( 
I can't wait until tommorow is over and back to the old routine 
So ... whos doing the interview tommorow ? 
Well at least the first half of the week is over 
Ugh school tommorow ! : -@ 
Ms saunders had to show me about that deadly spider now i cant sleep 
* sigh * cant wait until memorial weekend 
In my opinion , there is no logic in rekindling a friendship with an old friend(s ) if the reason that made you friends in the first place has gone with the wind . However , I feel that my logic is very irrational as well , but that it has its truths ... 
Im tired 
Ugh so dont want to go to school tommorow :( 
* sigh * why i am so insecure ? 
\Lights\ " by Journey " 
Wow today surely has been a weird and aggravating day 
I scrapped my knees while i was praying and found a demon in my safest haven it seems like its getting harder to believe in anything than just to get lost in all my selfish thoughts i want to know what ill be like to find perfection in my pride ? to see nothing in the light ? 
i love my big brother 
Studying for this precalculus test is very aggravating ! 
Uh i feel so ill :( 
Yay i got my cap and gown today 
Im such a hot mess , emotionally and physically 
Wow im turning 18 on Tuesday and graduating on Thurday ... it just feels so surreal 
lol so im officially legal tmw 
Wow I can't believe that the last day of school is over ... it just feels so surreal . Every memory has served as a way for me to grow and learn about life , friendships , relationships , even though it has been very painful at times . I can honestly say that I will miss my friends and the routine , and will grieve for all that I have failed to achieve . Nevertheless , life goes on and high school is not the end of our lives . 
Im hoping that I dont make a mistake on stage D: 
At the miami dade auditorium , which side is east ? Is it the one close to 27th ave or the opposing side ? 
Leaving at 5:00 p.m for graduation is good time , right ? 
I got my diploma and it doesnt feel like The End ... I thought it would be a much happier moment 
I am crying tears of blood right now and i have never been in such a low position before because my most obscure high school tragedies are now visible 
Needs a job , preferably retail or clerical based 
Feels confused :( 
Necesito < PROPFEMALE > trabajo 
Eh can somebody tell me why their renaming Miami-Dade County to Miami-Wade County in July ? 
I think i should start caring more about my body because i have been feeling very tired lately 
Dear Facebook , you are uninteresting and unworthy of my time 
Your love is like rhinestones falling from the sky 
What a bad day im really getting frustrated 
Sorry by buckcherry 
Ugh Im so bored 
Resting after painting my room 
Its way too hot ! 
Im bored 
Ugh ! Sometimes i just detest my life ... 
Yay i got a 4 on my ap spanish test ! 
Yay i got my learners license ! 
I want to see inception 
I watched inception last night and it was profound and complex yet enjoyable film 
Yay one more day until i get my internet back ! 
\teenage dream\ " by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > " 
I really hope today's plans go well 
So today's plans went mixed today 
The sky looks dead 
-_- so boreddddddddd 
Computer please dissappear so I study for my tmw's music appre . class test D: 
Damn weekend shouldve been longer lol 
You think your chocolate but you're chewing gum lmbo 
Doesnt feel like a Saturday morning at all >.< 
So bored -__- 
