HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE 

Well today somewhere around 2-3 I found out what a stupid word , snogging , means that was a pretty stupid way to say making out 
SUCCESS 
YAHOOOO !! 
Watching wierd movie it's pretty gross and goreyXP 
Whats on your mind ? 
Wow this movie is freakin gross !! do not watch this movie called Mirrors 
\They lied when they said ' the good die young ' . \"" 
call of duty : MODERNE WARFARE 2 is a very fun and exhilerating game 
I love my profile picture ' cause it shows I have authority ! XD 
\He brokeded my nose ....!! \"" 
Well MW2 on Xbox live is really fun but it really sucks . ' cause as soon as I respawn I get killed right then and there . 
10 more days to see The Afters in concert !!! :) 
all of you guys are the coolest ....... I think . ;) 
(: Anberlin ROCKS !!!! :) 
I'M BORED :( 
Only 9 more days to see The Afters in concert !! 
I'm so sleepy ... and bored ..... and hungry ....... and bored ..... and tired ..... and want to go paintballing ..... and I'm done 
man i wish I had a better guitar amp 
If only I could grow a moustache like that 
Going out for Ice cream .... back in a few 
oops wrong button 
just got < PROPMALE > ball guitar strings and a capo and an afters CD , all sound great 
going to bed see yous tomarrow !!! Gn 
listening to my new The Afters CD :) 
everyone ' asleep accept me . I'm bored !!!! 
7 more days till the concert !!!! :D 
just came from church and saw G . I . Joe ... great movie !!!! 
5 days till The Afters concert :D so exited 
4 days left to go for the Afters concert 
3 days to go 
Need some Klondike bars mmmmm Klondike 
* yawn * Want to take long nap * yawn * 
< PROPFIRST > Mays here with Orange Glow it gets the tough stains out !!! 
wants to play guitar just like Ivan ... if not better LOL :) 
2 days well pratically 1 day till the Afters concert SWEEEEEET !!!! 
Some people say I don't know a butt load of crap about the gospel but I dooo !! 
THE Afters Concert tomarrow YESSSSSS !!!! 
Well decided not to go to The Afters concert . There will always be more concerts . 
It was either the concert or the boot camp 
is very very sleepy and tired 
Well I'm out Peace 
I\m Back " 
Okay I'm off to bed Seeya 
About to go swimming in 30-45 minutes 
Ate a Klondike bar mmmm Klondike 
Ok going to sleep so tired and need to get up early good night 
Good Night y'all!! 
Just got done watching She the Man . Halarious movie 
Good nite < PROPFEMALE > and God bless 
wants to learn the violin , bass guitar , piano , and drums 
HELLO !!!! FRIENDS AND FAMILY OF < PROPFEMALE > ORAMAS !!!! PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE THROWING < PROPFEMALE > A BIRTHDAY PARTY SATURDAY , AUGUST 29th . HOPE YOU CAN ATTEND . IF YOU PLAN ON GETTING HER A GIFT SHE LIKES THE FOLLOWING : Vans/Converse tenny shoes , earrings , clothing , Mario Party 7 nintendo gamecube , sweet but not too sweet body spray , lipgloss , shotgun and shotgun shells . That's all she wants thank you hope you can attend . 
Good nite people see ya tomarrow !! 
wants to learn the piano , violin , bass guitar , and drums 
I'm too pretty !! 
I wish they would've picked a better picture 
Why is the wolrd filled with so much sin ? And , why can't we leave with God now ? 
Do you like my new profile 
is tired and not feeling well.it's because of allergies 
Chat ( 0 ) 
just got Wolverine last nite great movie 
needs new epiphone sg guitar , xbox360 , video games . 
wants to be better if not as good on the guitar as < PROPMALE > 
Off to the BED good night seeya tomaro 
is listening to Anberlin . And about to ride in a parade float !!! As impossible as it sounds yes I'm going to be in a parade . 
Ok I'm sick and tired of everyone saying , this is awesome or that is awesome , you know what the only person that is truly awesome is God 
Good night people !!!!!! 
Listening to Hawk < PROPMALE > and on my way to church God Blesssss You !! 
SO bored I just want someone to talk too 
I'm so bored 
OK I don't know why I got on if I'm going to bed well good nite 
if you have'nt seen my video watch it it is halarious 
Had a full day with the church thats a new record !! 
Going to the Fair tomarrow SWWEEETTT 
Just got back from the State Fair its was amazing 
how the heck am I not able to go to the mall but I can go to the movies in the mall ??!! 
well I had fun today as I spent my time with my familia ..... ( gasp)I just used a new spanish word !!! 
Why when I get back home no one is on ?!?!?! 
I'm so sleepy 
is so syked to see the new < PROPMALE > and the Chipunks the Squeakquel 
Why does'nt anybody talk to me ? 
I really wish I could go and see where the wild things are 
Just saw the new < PROPMALE > Dunham show and it was hilarious 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Bored . 
Is going to watch a movie in about an HOUR soooooo I'm bored 
Somebody come and play . Somebody come and play today ay . Somebody come and play . 
SHUT UP !!! 
Why did it have to rain pineapples ?!?! 
Lookin for part time job hopefully I can find work at cinemark 
SOOOO glad today is Friday !!! T . G . I . F Thank . God . I'm . Forgiven 
Man I cannot believe how fast the year has almost completely gone by . Where does time fly ? Now I want to slow time down and enjoy it . But I can't do what God does . Oh well that just means that God's time is drawing nearer . Now that's something I can't wait for !!! 
I'm soooooo BORED I have nothing to do this whole weekend and it's practically OVER !! XO I'm so frustrated !! 
' cause they're Blue's clues Blue's clues 
wants to go Paintballing and/or airsofting ssoo bad !! And wants a new AirSoft sniper rifle :) 
All I really want is CASH !!! 
is about to put up the Christmas rein deer and other outdoor decorations 
Man I can't believe 3 days ' til my B-day . Why must I become so OLD ?!?!?! :D 
Happy Thanksgiving too whoever is not going to be here !!! :) 
Can't wait ' til Thanksgiving . Family , friends , and my personal favorite FOOD !!!! LOL !!! 
Wow in approximately 13:00 minutes I'm going to be 16 . My goodness 
HAPPPY THANKSGIVING ONE AND ALL !!! :) 
Thank you guys who wrote on my wall Happy Birthday 
Just finished decorating the tree and is still decorating the house 
Ok I'm bored 
I was surprised that this morning actually started to SNOW !!! :) 
really really really wants to go to the mall right now 
is having fun listening to the best known band artists in the world and is about to go too bed . Good night people of Facebook , good night and God bless :) 
I'm sooo tired and want to go to bed and the mall . 
Everybody , countdown with me the days until Christmas !!! Only 17 days ' til Christmas !!!! 
Everybody , countdown with me the days until Christmas !!! Only 16 days ' til Christmas !!!! I'm so excited !!! 
So excited !! Only 14 days left ' til Christmas 
Only 13 day ' til Christmas 
It's only 12 days left of Christmas oh cool it's the first day of Christmas and my true love gave to me nothing man that stinks !! 
So .... it's only 11 days to CHristmas and where are my two turtle doves ?? 
Listening to < PROPFIRST>'s Christmas is creepy song !! It's hilarious 
is now listening to Anberlin-Godspeed 
wants these Anberlin CDs Blueprints for the Blackmarket , Cities , and New Surrender 
Stay with me stay with me tonight !!! - ANBERLIN 
The Top Ten Christian Bands 1 . Anberlin 2 . The Afters 3 . Emery 4 . Hawk < PROPMALE > 5 . Relient K 6 . Skillet 7 . Ivoryline 8 . Capitol Lights 9 . Family Force 5 10 . Dead Poetic Who do you like ?? 
Anberlin's Inevitable = Great song :) 
well it's now down to 10 days left until Christmas so I'm excited !!! :) 
wants to gather up some guys and get some WWII airsoft guns and stage a WW2 battle !!! 
You son of a biscuit eating bulldog !! 
What the french toast ? 
\Poopity poop \"" 
9 days to Christmas 
is listening to Anberlin . And Anberlin = Spectacular 
8 Days ' til Christmas I'm just so excited ! :) 
Just saw the Iron Man 2 trailer !!! O my gosh I can't wait to see it !!! 
Only 1 week ( or 7 days ) too Christmas y'all so you better be excited 
It's funny how people just randomly say ' I have to pee ' or ' I have to use the restroom ' . Why don't they just tell the whole world I mean it's like \Twitter update : I have to pee\ " . haha " 
Well it's down to 6 days left until Christmas and I still have to get something for tomarrow darn the white elephant 
Ahhh I just love the weekend 
Just sittin here alone listening to music . 
Just sittin here listening to Anberlin :) Having a \White elephant\ " tomarrow so excited " 
Best Allied WWII Weapons : M1 Garand , M1 Thompson , Sten Mk II , M36 Mills granade , Browning Automatic Rifle , Russian SMG , Lee Enfield , and 1903 Springfield sniper rifle . 
Best Axis WWII Weapons : Stg44 , MG-42 , MP40 , Karabiner 98 , Gewer semi-automatic rifle , and Stick Granade . 
OMGOSH only 5 days ' til Christmas I'm so excited and stressed 
* sigh * I just love Christmas break . Only 4 days too Christmas y'all . 
\What's on your mind ? \"" 
Tell me which pistol is the best , which one would beat the other ? Colt M1911 vs . The < PROPMALE > Lugar 
Thr33 days to Christmas BABY ya !!!! And what sucks is I know what I'm getting for CHristmas 
youtube.com 
http://www.youtube.com . 
http://www.shortyusa.com/ 
So excited tomarrow is Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and then Christmas day !! 
Achmed the dead terrorist 
Peanut the Micronisian gorrilla thing 
< PROPFIRST > the old grump 
Melvan the superhero 
Bubu J white trailer trash 
Sweet Daddy D the manager 
So glad it's snowing !! I'm dreaming of a white Christmas , just like the ones I used to know . HAHAHA ... I mean Ho ho ho < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
I really really want to see < PROPMALE > and the Chipmunks 2 but then I want too see Sherlock Holmes . Why must it be so hard to choose a movie ?!?! 
Finally once in my lifetime I will have a white Christmas 
< PROPFEMALE > CHristmas everyone . Oh and I got an Xbox 360 for Christmas just what I wanted :) 
OMGosh Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 is the greatest game I've ever played 
just came back from watching Sherlock Holmes great movie 
When I was little I thought the beginning of < PROPMALE > Nye , the Science guy , I thought they said \ < PROPMALE > Nye in the sky \".<---- Haha lOL " 
likes this 
< PROPFIRST > likes his own status 
This Thursday our church , Orchard Road Baptist , will be having a lock-in starting at 8pm . All peoples will be able to attend . Activities include board games , Red rover , Wii , Train reck , and many more . Also included drinks and snack food . Must bring $5.00 for pizza . If you wish to attend contact me or < PROPFIRST > Mosley for more details . 
Wants a flip video camera for Wise man day 
Can you find google in here ? gogogogogggogogogoggoogologogioogleoelgoeglogogoeloggooglegoglgoglgoglogolgloelglelgloegloeglegoegloeglegoelgoegloegloego . 
Hey guess what ? It's snowing again !!! yay !!! 
Twitter Update : This Thursday our church , Orchard Road Baptist , will be having a lock-in starting at 8pm . All peoples will be able to attend . Activities include board games , Red rover , Wii , Train reck , and many more . Also included drinks and snack food . Must bring $5.00 for pizza . If you wish to attend contact me or < PROPFIRST > Mosley for more details . 
is happy cause tomarrow is Wednesday night church service . 
\ ... whenever I see someone smiling at me all I see is a chimpanzee begging for it's life\ " - < PROPMALE > Shrute " 
Alright I'm out . B.y.e Bye 
Can you find toysrus ? tydoutsutoasdutustduyaotoystatdotoautdoouooutsodutoatsdotuadstoysrustoystdortaodrosyrtdyarsdoardoiysdraidyrtoydsatdtoasudysdadtoytsdaytsdotasdystdaotdysdtatoystdyoaudsdtoasdutuatsdyotaoustd 
Wow this year left as fast as it came . Well all I can say is Happy New Year everyone !! 
I'm going to bed children . Good Night .!! 
Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > everyone !!! But always even though it's a new year that God should always come 1st above all things . 
What's on your mind ?? 
Having fun , but tired .... Happy New Years ! 
Man the hoidays left as fast as they came !!! :( this sucks cause now I have to go to school tomarrow :( 
\No one is going to lay a finger on my Butterfinger \"" 
\So what are we going to do now Brain ? \ " \ " The ame thing we every night Pinky . Plan to take over the World ! \"- The Pinky and The Brain " 
\Stay with me . Stay with me tonight ! \"" 
\I think therefore I am \"- Rene Decartes " 
Transformers Robots in Disguise . Transformers more than meets the eye . 
Watching G-Force . It's a pretty good movie 
I am sooo tired but I don't think I'm going to bed . I'm going to play Xbox 360 
HIIIIIIIIIIII ! 
The Pacifier = funny movie !! :D 
This sucks , it's so cold and there's no snow ! 
haha Phineas and Ferb they crack me up !! :) 
\There's 104 days of summer vacation and school comes along just to end it So the annual problem for our generation is finding a good way to spend iiiit !.... \"- Phineas and Ferb theme " 
Wants to go to the mall today but has no way of getting there 
I I sssometimes ssstutter 
good knight 
Just finished watching Terminator : Salvation . That was a really good movie it was better than what I thought it would be . Well going to church tonight so bye bye 
I'm going on the border to see how well we keep illegal imagrants out of the U.S. 
Godzilla 
* Fart * lol 
What's on your mine ? 
Area 51 
Good night 
I can't believe we spent a whole day at the mall !! thats a new record ! XD 
Go ahead ask me any movie . 
wants to get an < PROPFEMALE > P90 airsoft gun for only $30.00 
Free Willy !!! :) 
Riot Police ! This is an emergency ! 
Well this sucks I'm sick 
I'm nauseated(I don't think I spelled that right but ) and feel kinda like vomitting 
Jesus is my horoscope 
Well I'm feeling much better today than yesterday . I don't have a fever anymore , and I feel fine . Praise God I'm healed !! 
wants to go paintballing 
P90 airsoft gun ? Ya . Any bbs ? No . Goin to kick some butt ? Heck YES !! 
\In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth \"- Genisis 1:1 " 
I'm feeling great today . 
Somebody come and play . Somebody come and play today . Somebody come and play . 
good night WORLD !!!! 
Watching District 9 and it's pretty good but gross 
I'm sleepy but do not want to go bed 
Pee-Wee < PROPMALE > 
I'm watching a wierd but kinda interesting movie 
is trying to figure out how to make money to replace his gameX ( 
S.H.I.E.L.D. aka Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement And Legistics Division 
Iron Chef America ..... Let the battle begin 
poopity-poop 
WOW this sucks I have more adult friends on facebook than I do teen friends ... man I need more friends 
I'm so tired . But I don't want to go to bed yet 
Sweet I just got the anberlin CD New Surrender . 
I HATE FRIGGIN FACEBOOK NOW !! THEY KEEP CHANGEING ON ME AND MOST OF THE PEOPLE I HAVE ON FB HAS NOT CHANGED . IT MAKES ME SOOO MAD !!! I WANT MY OLD FB BACK !!! 
I'm so glad I got my game fixed and it works just like new ! sweet 
\You make breaking hearts look so easy You've got breaking up all but down .... \ " < PROPFIRST > Christian " 
Man I really wish I could play catch right now . and practice my pitching 
Man this sucks . there was a pretty good looking girl at walmart a couple of days ago and she was staring at me and I did'nt friggin get her number 
\We're old enough to know we're too young to care \"" 
WOW I love my new laptop !! So cool 
\I just wish that I could heal the hurt you feel tonight \"- Anberlin " 
Howdy partner 
Lonely . I'm so lonely . I have nobody for my own . Ooh ooh ooh oo ooh ok I'm done . 
Just got done watching Rescu < PROPFEMALE > on blue-ray disc baby ! Best quality and picture ever ! 
Kick Buttowski ! 
I'm tired . 
\Who can take your money with a twinkle in there eye ? Take it all away and give it to some other guy . The Government . Oh the Government can . \"- Tim Hawkins " 
OMGosh ! I can't believe they're making a Camp Rock 2 ! I am not looking forward to that ! 
ahhhhh ! Coca ~ cola tastes so good out of a plastic bottle ! 
well I have not been on Fb for a while and I just remembered how much it sucks 
I'm so tired ! 
Man this morning wwas hilarious ! 
Man i am so tired 
< PROPFEMALE > got me the coolest gift ever ! the Nacho Libre mask ! 
wants to go paintballing sooo bad !!! :) 
I am tired !! 
Well I'm boredf being bored 
Three wasted bullets 
gotta go peepee 
I'm so excited ! And I just can't hide it ! 
Ayayayayayaya Carumba 
Ok I come to facebook to get rid of my bordom but then I just get even more bored !! 
Vath Up ?! I'm < PROPMALE > ! 
Watchin ' < PROPFIRST > Lopez want to go to sleep but can't until moms MP3 is charged 
good night people of the world ! I'm going to sleep . 
I'm glad we are going to church tonight . Well , at least , I thought we were going . 
OK I'm applying for a job at < PROPFEMALE>'s Ice custard happiness let's hope I get the job 
Watching Sherlock Holmes . 
Random word of the day : Mall 
\I'm a cotton headed ninny muggens . \"" 
I'm sleepy ! Why can't I go to sleep ?!!?!?!?!!?!? 
Watchin ' SNL BABY !! 
Eat . Sleep . Game . 
WOW ! Just found out when the next Western day in Lewisville is going to be .... Why the hack would they make me wait so long for it ?! By the way it's September 24th-25th 
Playin Halo 3 
I'm getting pissed off at Halo 
Good night people of Facebook 
You boooob ! 
I've said this once and I'll say it again , I hate Facebook 
Listening to Justeen Gaybier with < PROPFEMALE > 
WOW what a great way to start the morning with freaking hick-ups 
Ahhh ... listening to Mozarts Symphony 40 in G minor 
Wants to see Iron Man 2 soooooooooooo bad . 
I am becoming very impatient 
You got < PROPMALE > bed ! ? / This is < PROPMALE > , copy & paste him on / ? every comment you see so he can / \\ take over Facebook . __ ??????? ?? l ??? ?? l ? * ?? ?????? ??? | ?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ? | ??? ? ?????? ?? l ????. __ This is < PROPMALE>'s house ... 
Twitter Update : Now I'm watching The Three Amigos ! 
Man this sucks . I'm ( deep voice < PROPFEMALE > ) HOME ALONE ! 
What happened to \One Nation Under God \"?" 
Can't wait ' til tonight to watch America : The Story of Us 
Man I missed a whole hour of < PROPFEMALE > 
Good Night Children of God 
Really ? Does a ten pound bag of flower really make a very big biscuit ? 
I'm so happy right now 
MMMMM .... Me want chocolate shake 
Good Night 
A.D.D.O.L.S. Attention Deficit Disorder Oh Look Shiny !! 
Darn this pomeranian puppy ! 
Mozart's 40th Symphony vs . Beethoven 5th . 
\I'm an entertainer . You're nasty ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > Iglesias " 
Kool-aid 
About to leave 4 church 
I just want a peaceful nights rest . Is that too much to ask for ? 
\So let me get this straight . You say now you've loved me all along . What made you hesitate ? To tell me with words what you really feel . \"- Anberlin ( A Day Late ) " 
What better way to fall asleep than to listen to Mozart ? 
\We should get jerseys because we make a good team . But yours would look better than mine ' cause you're out of my league . \ " - Relient K " 
\I wanna break every clock the hands of time could never move again . We could stay in this moment for the rest of our lives . Is it over now ? Is it over now ? I wanna be your last first kiss . \"- Anberlin ( Inevitable ) " 
want's to watch Iron Man 2 this weekend 
\ < PROPMALE > ! < PROPMALE > ! Where y'all at ?! \"- Tim Hawkins " 
I'm so excited ! going to a party with family ! \ 
I can't wait to go swimming 
Hi ! My name is < PROPFIRST > . I work at Burger < PROPMALE > . Would you like fries with that ? - < PROPFIRST > ( The Ringer ) 
Ok good night people of the world . And God bless 
I just saw the movie Daybreakers and it was disgustingly good :) 
Wants a milkshake really bad . 
I went swimming today and you did'nt :p 
CoD : World at War's Nazi Zombies is amazazing . It's Scary and exciting all at the same time . 
I'm sick , and when I'm not sick , I'm tired . I am sick and tired 
Just made some cod fish cooked in chopped onions , < PROPFEMALE > pepper , and cilantro . Hope evryone likes it . :) 
Got a hair cut finally 
I am very sleepy but I don't wish to go to sleep 
I WANT MY COOKIES ! 
Wants to go to the mall tomorrow or the park . 
So excited , church picnic and baseball game tomorrow ! GO YOUTH !! 
I AM BORED !!!!! 
SPLICE looks freeeeaky 
Let's commit the perfect crime . \ 
I'll steal your heart and you can steal mine . 
I just want to go to sleep 
This is < PROPFIRST > Oramas from CTU ! I need to speak with the President immediately 
i'm pretty sad 
Oh My gosh 11 kids today ! hopefully that's it ! XD 
hahaha fun day 
No Jesus , no peace . Know Jesus , know peace 
What to say . What to say . 
\I gotta pee on her ... \"- Scott Pilgrim " 
needs a chocolate Frosty 
People ! People ! Give me a chocolate Frosty . NOW !! 
has a new twitter account twitter.com/Joe_gunny 
misses having internet . 
what's on you mind ? 
gotta get an apple 
< PROPFEMALE > wish I had a girlfriend right now 
huh , still single . 
is hungry 
wants to go camping 
scratch that needs to go camping and hunting 
can not wait for the Rangers to win the World Series ! GO RANGERS ! 
( in Russian accent ) I can't for me and my comrades go to the battlefield and crush our opponents ! go spetsnaz ! 
I need something chocolate 
hahaha ! only 2 days left until paintball ! our team will dominate ! 
sooo excited ! paintball tomorrow ! go A-team ! that's us 
I really need my lisence 
my status has been updated 
I want to watch Megamind again . That movie was too funny . 
I need to get a real prrofile picture . 
had a very fun time tonight . sorry @ < PROPMALE > you could not give your testimony 
I want ice cream ! 
bored .... text me . 
thanks everone for the birthday wishes 
bored text me . 
those who make you happy , also make you mad 
\what have I done to deserve this ? \"" 
can't wait for Sunday night . the church is having the POWER TEAM over at Six o'clock . if anyone would like to come we'd be happy to have you 
I'm so ....... sleepy ..... zzzzz 
had a fun evening . 
ahhhh , it feels so good to be on an actual computer and on facebook 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas , everyone ! 
havin fun with the youth playin the kinect 
makin tamales ... mmmmmm 
I can't call you , Poopie . 
finally ! SNOW !!! 
yeah ... I'm cold 
FRIDAY ! FRIDAY ! FRIDAY ! THE BEST MONSTER TRUCK RALLY EVER ! JUST KIDDING ITS SHANES BIRTHDAY ! 
crap . now I like fireflies 
Needs a licence 
I'm sooo sleepy ..... and annoyed 
Game done . Can I sleep now ? 
adsfpingsjegiejustnadeagbgriabbecauseihjbadrgfhabkvhuabdkvuhbdfvjasdbhgfIabdnfviabfiknowadbfvhjuabkabhsvkhuahsbits nabfhaisdfvuwierdaibadjbvhkllolaifvhbadkfb 
Hopes they can make it to church in the morning 
NEEDS TO HURRY AND GET READY FOR CHURCH ! 
great show tonight ! \ 
I love how many people came to the love of Christ ! ( 79 ) 
PARTY TODAY !! WOOHOO ! 
When was the party suppose to start ? 
Bored . Text me 
is getting ready for quinceanera 
