School is boring ... if only we had more lunch time to take up the day 

Why does every1 hate exams ??? no homework ... 2 classes a day ... 
driving home from atlanta , GA ... i hate 4 hr drives >.< 
......... whoaaaa I CAN DO THAT TOO 
hey guys , send me a friend request on xbox live - terminator fat . 
any1 have a clue of the school status tomorrow ? 
Due to the winter storm warning , JPII will be closed on Friday , January 29th . The basketball games vs . Fr . < PROPFIRST > scheduled for Friday night and the presentation of the Coming Home court will be postponed until Monday night , February 1 . The Coming Home dance scheduled for Saturday night will be moved to Saturday , February 20 . For all other activities , check with coaches and moderators . 
BOOOO YAHHHHHH !!!!! 
lol at MyMusic on my facebook ... 
any1 wanna take an EXTREMELY wild guess on who's NOT out of school tomorrow ?!?!?!? <(0.0)> 
NO SCHOOL TOMORROW ! SCHOOL WEBSITE : NO SCHOOL MONDAY , FEB . 15 DUE TO ICY ROAD CONDITIONS IN THE MORNING AND THROUGHOUT THE DAY . =) 
mmmm i love Hot Fries and Dr. Pepper =) 
done with track . just ate . now 30min drive home and still have a power point to do 
8 < PROPMALE > today in track =) 
gahh ! School is gonna suck today ... 
awesome track meet ! alot of people broke their best times , i shaved off 30sec from my mile =) 
just found out that my year's gpa isnt that bad =) 
on my way to the lake . Better not be freezing ! 
not alone - all that remains 
going through hell watching the sumner academy program . they're square dancing now ! =( 
doing my last 4 CSI hrs today =) 
idk bout it smelling awful , but the lower athletic fields are still underwater lol 
Empty Inside - All That Remains 
Emotions still touch me . Still I can't feel a thing . Like ghosts they melt into the fog and leave me cold . 
Haven't started English review guide that's due tomorrow and haven't studied at all haha ! And I'm not worried at all 
Anyone wanna take a stab at how much I've been studying for exams ? 
i LOVE exam week hahahaha . No homework ... No stress ... Last week of school ... Could it get any better ? 
Going camping at the lake this weekend . Bringing the boat . Fun ? Probably not b/c I don't half the people that will be staying in my RV . ( awkward ) 
Was on the lake ALL weekend . Got fried lol ... it was worth it though 
Going whitewater rafting 
Got a 49 on 9 holes today at Fairvue lol ... Terrible , despite the fact I haven't played in 3+ years . 
eating at casa viaja then going to watch fairvue's fireworks tonight . 
driving to texas ... wont be there till 12:30 
1st period - Adv . English ( Griffith)\ 
2nd period - AP Euro ( Sutla)\ 
advisory - Connely\ 
3rd period - Adv . Chemistry ( Seifred)\ 
4th period - Adv . Alg . II ( Youell)\ 
5th period - Adv . Spanish 2 ( Beals)\ 
6th period - Theology ( Findley)\ 
7th period - Int . Theatre ( Schleimer)\ 
8th period - AP Stat\ 
( terrible spelling for teachers probably lol ... ) 
i know i deleted the other one .. but i really do love boys .. 
Played 18 holes of golf at 6:30 ... It was quite exhausting 
my fortune ... soon a visitor shall delight you 
Haha procrastinating and leaving a portion of work for tomorrow . Greatest plan of mine ever 
Like this status if you're willing to let me ask you questions about your favorite m ' n ' m's colors . It's my AP Statistic's homework . 
If I haven't already asked , please post your 3 favorite color m ' n ' m's in the comment . It's my AP stat homework . 
i like to party . you like to party . we like to party all night long . 
pizza for breakfast then back to my notecard outline =) 
Tommorows a dress down day correct ? 
769-YYV my new official liscense plate number !!! 
had a great time playing paintball today ... 
oh my god the last excorcism is scary as hell ! 
Thanks everyone that wished me a happy birthday 
eating at garcia's . freedom is amazing 
Either I'm exhausted because I got home at 8pm tonight , or it's simply because that stupid AP Euro movie was the most boring film I've seen in my life . ( most boring , not the worst . The Traveler's Guide to the Galaxy is the worst , or w/e it's called ) 
rofl i'm ranked #50 worldwide in playing the ipod touch app Towermadness . 
going to see DEVIL 
Went to eat pizza with my family tonight . Driving home with the top down with my little brother was cool at night ! 
Would things like breathing feel like a waste ? It seems that leaving's the only way . 
anyone want chickfila ? text me 5938558 or comment with what you want . be fast 
Gacy is a good movie 
moving to fairvue AGAIN 
jackass 3d is my new favorite movie . 
Like this if you hate when people you don't know send you a friend request or you don't know their name but they have more than one person in their profile pic so you have to look at potetially 100 other pics to find the most common person . 
I hate when people ask if I'll be hungry in an hour ... Am I supposed to evaluate how much I've eaten that day and make an educated estimation on how I'll feel in the future ? 
chili's for lunch ? you bet 
Is it just me or is seeing ' live ' country music in a mexican restaurant somewhat awkward 
Lol just got ranked 38th worldwide on one of the highscores on my iPod app ... Millions of people play it :) it's called tm zero 
WOW just found out my dad has < PROPFEMALE > palin's Alaska CRAP tvo'd or w/e it's called 
the parties in texas are awesome 
JP2 IS OUT ! 
