My daughter eats alot for a lil person .... 

treadmills make me dizzy ... 
trainers are worse than treadmills ... 
Hi-C should come with a warning label 
only the truly beautiful can see true beauty for the eye of wisdom lives within the beholder ... :p 
Gooses ! Geeses ! I want my geese to lay gold eggs for Easter . A hundred a day , and by the way .... 
He's as blind as he can be . Just sees what he wants so see . Isn't he a bit like you and me ? 
My mother was of the sky . My father was of the earth . I am of the universe and you know what that's worth . 
Limitless undying love which flows around me like a million suns . It calls me on and on across the universe . 
Lying there and staring at the ceiling . Waiting for that sleepy feeling . 
I hate money . I wish people would barter . Like I could paint your house and you could give me a months supply of rice and beans . 
I'm so sleep deprived that my brain is itchy . Go ahead and act like you're dumbfounded . Itchy brain syndrome is well documented and you know it ! 
I just completed the prologue to my first novel . Watch out rowling and meyers . It's time for a new < PROPFEMALE > to rise ! Lol 
I hate outlines !!!! I'd do better with a q&a . 
Will someone please tell Pandora I do NOT like any version of smooth criminal ? 
See that ? No hair . It makes me more aerodynamic when I fight . 
I thought hurricane season was over . 
He's a linger-er , you know what I mean , man ? He just lingers . 
How is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
“If you don't create change , change will create you” 
Fannee Doolee loves trees but hates nature . What's up with that ? 
Once I < PROPFEMALE > above the noise and confusion just to get a glimpse beyond this illusion . I was soaring ever higher , but I flew too high . 
I am immortal . I have inside me blood of kings . I have no rival , no man can be my equal\ 
\ 
Take me to the future of you all . 
I see the bad < PROPFEMALE > arising . I see trouble on the way . I see earthquakes and lightnin ' . I see bad times today . I hear hurricanes ablowing . I know the end is coming soon . I fear rivers overflowing . I hear the voice of rage and ruin . Hope you got your things together . Hope you are quite prepared to die . Looks like we're in for nasty weather . One eye is taken for an eye . 
They took all the trees , and put em in a tree museum\ 
And they charged the people a dollar and a half to see them 
I just had an epiphany ..... I need to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > boom boom 
Happy one year closer to the last year to me !!!!! 
I don't care what consequence it brings\ 
I have been a fool for lesser things\ 
I want you so bad\ 
I think you ought to know that\ 
I intend to hold you for the longest time 
... but of all these friends and lovers , there is no one compares with you . \ 
And these memories lose their meaning when I think of love as something new . \ 
Though I know I'll never lose affection for people and things that went before . \ 
I know I'll often stop and think about them . \ 
In my life I love you more 
It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
I got blisters on my fingers !!! 
It's a non-stop disco .... 
Love is like the ocean . Forever in motion . Forever changing . It's never twice the same . 
You may miss me one day . You may wish you hadn't stayed . You may forget me . You may never let me go . 
is the kids next door imaginary friend . 
has logically deduced , absolute knowledge corrupts absolutely , therefore I am giving up studying and sleeping 
is a lumberjack and I'm okay .. 
Not the comfy chair !!!!!!!!!!! 
We're the prophetic generation of bottled water ... 
What is in us that turns a deaf ear to the cries of human suffering ? Forgiveness is the ultimate sacrifice . Eloquence belongs to the conqueror . The pictures of time and space are rearranged in this little piece of typical tragedy . You and Me , we'll all go down in history with a sad statue of < PROPFEMALE > and a generation that didn't agree . 
Blast off !!!! It's party time :) And we all live in a facist nation !!! 
I've been studying again . I shouldn't do that . It always makes me annoyed with humanity . People shouldn't be allowed power over other people . They just mess everything up for hundreds and thousands of years . 
Moving yay ! 
U-Haul does not understand the definition of \reservation \"..." 
Last ditch effort ... 
loves office work <3 
I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind . Some come from ahead and some come from behind . But I've bought a big bat . I'm all ready you see . Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me !? 
“Today you are You , that is truer than true . There is no one alive who is Youer than You . ” 
“There is neither this world nor the world beyond nor happiness for the one who doubts . ” 
strange women lying in ponds , distributing swords , is no basis for a system of government 
Oh yeah , all right , \ 
are you gonna be in my dreams tonight ? 
¡ ???? ??? s ??? ?? ? ooq ???? ? sn pu ? pu ?? spu ?? ? op ???? u ?? u ?? 
went to the book store earlier to buy a ' Where's < PROPMALE>' book . When I got there , I couldn't find the book anywhere . Well played < PROPMALE > , well played . 
I have a microwave with a ' stop time ' button . It's probably meant to be ' stop timer ' but I don't touch it , just in case . 
Butterflies are free to fly ... Fly away , high away ... Bye , bye .... <3 <3 <3 
“You should never doubt what no one is sure about\ " , 2010-10-19 19:49:52 " 
The long and winding road , that leads to your door , will never disappear , I've seen that road before ... it always leads me here , leads me to your door ... you left me standing here , a long long time ago , don't leave me waiting here , lead me to your door ... 
The snozzberries taste like snozzberries !!! 
Like sweet morning dew , I took one look at you , and it was plain to see , you are my < PROPFEMALE > ... 
It was written that I would love you 
Until we dream of life and life becomes a dream \ 
Until the day is night and night becomes the day \ 
Until dear Mother Nature says her work is through\ 
Until the day that you are me and I am you 
Today was the most beautiful day all year <3 
Can you say \brainwashing \"?" 
You and I have memories , longer then the road that stretches out ahead .... 
It's so dreamy ... oh fantasy free me .. so you can't see me , no not at all ... in another dimension , with voyeuristic intention well secluded , I see all ... with a bit of a mind flip ... you're into a time slip ... and nothing can ever be the same ... you're spaced on sensation .. like you're under sedation !!! Let's do the time warp again !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Love is all ... Love is new ... Love is all ... Love is you ... 
You never give me your money ... you only give me your funny paper ... and in the middle of negotiations I break down ... 
When you see beyond yourself then you may find peace of mind is waiting there . And the time will come when you see we're all ONE and life flows on within you and without you ... 
The freedom of the mind is the begining of all other freedoms 
the deeper you go , the higher you fly .... the higher you fly , the deeper you go ... so come on ! come on it's such a joy come on let's take it easy ... everybody's got something to hide except for me and my monkey !!! 
It's begining to look alot like christmas !!!! Everywhere in my house at least , I love pretty lights and sparkly ornaments , not to mention <3 <3 <3 SNOGLOBES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Damn you SoaD European Tour !!!!! Damn you to hell !!!! 
So the future heir of Chicago's throne was slumming it in the subway today ... 
Let it snow !!!! 
Oh let the sun beat down upon my face , stars to fill my dream \ 
I am a traveler of both time and space , to be where I have been \ 
To sit with elders of the gentle race , this world has seldom seen \ 
They talk of days for which they sit and wait and all will be revealed 
Mama always told me not to look into the eye's of the sun , but mama that's where the fun is ... 
I shoot the lights out ... hide ' til it's bright out .... whoa , just another lonely night , are you willing to sacrifice your life ???? 
Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the universe ? • • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* 
